Copyright 1997, Studs Manly,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.



	Sex Addict
	by Karla Dean
	I don't know if anyone loves to fuck as much as I love it.  I'm
30 years old, married, attractive, and I think that sex is absolutely
wonderful and is probably the main reason people exist at all.  But I
didn't get in on the action until I went away from home.  I guess I was a
late bloomer.  My body didn't develop until I went off to college, an
east coast girl's school where my roommate introduced me to the world of
sexual pleasure.  Theresa initiated me by devouring my puss late one
night and I was hooked.  We were drinking wine, talking, and I'd admitted
I was a virgin.  Theresa took that as cue to make a move.  I was willing.
 She felt my titties through my nightie and pretty soon she was diving
into my wet puss and I was hearing angel violins and devil trombones. =20
	By my second year, I had quite a reputation as an accomplished
pussy eater.  However, I was caught in a delicious but compromising 69
position with my 48-year-old English professor, a Ms. Quinn, who
possessed a truly sweet-tasting puss and I was subsequently transferred
to a co-ed religious college in Tennessee.
	My uncle was one of the professors there.  He knew why I'd been
transferred, and he seemed eager to help me, in more ways than one.  At
first, I figured I was in for a sexless existence at this college.  I
just knew that I'd been sent there as punishment and I figured it'd be
years before I'd again taste pussy or have an orgasm.
	I was wrong, thank God.
	"This is a cock," Uncle James said as he exposed his semi-erect
organ to me in his office.  Naturally, I'd long ago sacrificed my
maidenhead to a dildo-wielding lezzie, but Uncle James's was the first
flesh-and-blood prick I ever saw.  Fortu-nately, Uncle James was hung
like a stallion.  His cock was as long as my favorite dildo, a good 10
inches, and it was bigger  around.  So big, in fact, my fingers couldn't
reach around it when I took hold of that pulsing tube.  How breathtaking
it looked.  How wonderful.  Magnificent.
	"That's right, Karla, hold it like that.  You don't seem to be at
all afraid.  Have you ever done this before?"
	"No, sir, Uncle James.  This is the first real cock I've ever
felt.  I've played with a lot of fake cocks before, but you know what?  I
like the real thing better.  It feels so hot and hard, yet soft at the
same time."
	"Why don't you find out how it tastes?"  He smiled at me and I
quickly stuck out my tongue and gave that huge salami a long, loving
lick.  It tasted great, musky and manly, and I squirted cum into my
panties.  I saw a bead of pre-squirt at the tip of his cock and I kissed
the head, letting my tongue lick the drop.  It was sweet to the taste and
I wanted more, so my tongue tried worming into the pee hole, I sucked in
more of his cock and my hands tried milking him.  Uncle James was content
to let me suck his prong for a bit, but he eventually stopped me.
	"You have a wonderful mouth, Karla.  Let me see the rest of your
body."  I stood up and unbuttoned my blouse.  Uncle James insisted on
removing my bra and skirt and my sopping panties, but he told me to leave
my anklets and saddle Oxfords on.  He played with my tits awhile and told
me to sit on the desk while he pulled up a chair and sat down.  Uncle
James spread my legs the used his fingers to spread the lips of my
buttery muffin.=20
	"You have a beautiful pussy, Karla  Just lovely.  The lips are
like the dew-covered petals of an exotic flower.  Ahh, the sweet
fragrance!  I must taste you."  The roughness of his face on my inner
thighs was wild.  I'd only had soft-skinned women eat me out, so this was
a new experience, too.  Not only was it a man who was dining at my "Cafe
Cunt," it was my dear Uncle James.  How delightfully wicked!  I grinned
as I wondered what my mother would say if she knew?  But what Uncle James
said next made my grin vanish.
	"Hmm, you taste as good as your mother, Karla."  He looked to see
my reaction.  "Let's see if you fuck as well as she does."  He stood and
took off his shirt and dropped his pants.  His huge cock was almost
purple with desire as we walked to the couch in his office.  "What's your
favorite position, Karla?" =20
	"I like getting fucked while I'm on my hands and knees.  From
behind.  Doggie style."
	Uncle James chuckled.  "Just like your mother," he said as he
made me assume the position.  "Like a bitch in heat."  I felt the
mushroom head of his prick probing the gate of my gash then Uncle James's
hands clutched my hips and he slowly pushed his prick into my cunt.  Oh,
I'd been fucked before, but a fake cock doesn't compare to the real
thing.  Fake cocks aren't hot nor nearly as supplee as a real, pulsating
prick.  They don't throb and pulsate.  Fake cocks don't have balls to
feel and fondle.  And plastic dongs don't squirt hot, thick cum like
Uncle James's did.  Ooh, it felt good when he squirted his seed in me and
I felt his cock shrink inside me.
	After we dressed, Uncle James explained how we were a close
family, much closer than most.  Everybody, almost, on my mother's side of
the family fucked each other.  My father, though, was too straightlaced,
so he had absolutely no idea what my mother did with her brother-in-law,
nieces and nephews.  He told me that his wife, my Aunt Annette, dearly
wanted to get my father to screw her, especially after my mother told her
that Daddy could fuck for hours without cumming.  I was surprised that
sisters could talk so frankly about sex, but being an only child and
having grown up in a sheltered environment, what did I know?
	"If you want, Karla, your cousins, Annette and I would love it if
you came to the house Saturday for a party."
	"Can I have more of this then?" I asked, fondling his cock as he
put his pants on.  I felt it begin to stiffen and I gave it a loving kiss
and I was treated to the taste of a single drop of his cum as it dribbled
from the slit.  "We'll see.  Annette is going to want it when I get home
tonight to tell her what a hot fuck our niece is."
	That's why dinner at my Uncle's house Saturday seemed so charged
with expectations.  Uncle James, Aunt Annette, my cousins Denise, Dean
and Don were there, along with Dean's wife, Pamela, and Denise's
boyfriend, Frank.  The eight of us had a grand meal with absolutely no
mention of sex.  I had imagined that everyone would be naked and wild but
it was quite the opposite.  Pamela, whom I'd never met, had auburn hair
pulled into a tight bun.  With her glasses and high-collared blouse, she
was the image  of a librarian.  Denise was as blonde and bubbly as her
boyfriend was dark and quiet.  Dean and Don are both older than I am, by
two years and one year, respectively, and both are quite handsome.  In
fact, the eight of us sitting around that dinner table were the picture
of wholesomeness, good looks, good manners and normalcy.
	Until....
	Uncle James tapped his water glass and then stood up.  "Karla, on
behalf of everyone here tonight, I want to welcome you to and tell you
that we hope this is only the first of many nights we'll have the
pleasure of your company."  He raised his wine glass and everyone toasted
me.  It was Aunt Annette who really broke the ice, though.
	"Karla, James told us that you seemed to enjoy his prick.  It is
lovely, isn't it?"  Aunt Annette reached up and squeezed Uncle James's
third leg with obvious pride.  I felt myself blushing. =20
	"Mother, I don't think we should be so brazen right here at the
dinner table," Denise said.  "It's embarrassing Karla."
	"Nonsense," Aunt Annette replied as she rubbed and fondled the
hard length of Uncle James's swollen organ.  "Besides, Denise, if I know
you, you've already taken Frank's cock out for some exercise, hasn't she
=46rank?"
	Frank nodded and stood up.  I gasped and my eyes bulged when I
saw that Denise's hand was indeed wrapped tightly around Frank's dark
skinned truncheon.  Long, slender and uncircumsized, Frank's love lance
curved upward with a slight left hook.  I knew that it would be great to
fuck that piece of meat.  Denise was smiling as she looked at me and
winked, moved her head forward and let her tongue dart out to lick around
the head.
	"Not at the table, you two," Uncle James admonished.  "Let's go
to the playroom."  Aunt Annette led the way to a locked room in the
basement which was made strictly for recreation of a sexual kind.  The
room was a wall-to-wall bed, a rubber gymnastics mat covering the floor.=20
Large pillows were strewn about and two king-sized beds were there.  In
one corner was a shower area and an opened doorway revealed a bathroom.=20
Obviously, this was a family room which would never make the pages  of a
home magazine.
	Evidently, the others had been in the process of undressing on
the way because as they entered, most were either naked or nearly so.=20
Having been a woman-lover for so long, naturally I noticed the women
first.  Pamela had released her hair, discarded her glasses and blouse,
and was now the vision of auburn-haired sexuality.  Her firm breasts were
tipped with berry-red nipples which invited sucking.  She crouched on one
of the beds as her husband, my cousin Dean, prepared to slip his meat
into her red-haired puss.  Cousin Denise was reclining on some cushions,
fingering her blonde snatch, while she devoured Frank's steely cock.  Or
was he fucking her face?  Both, I guess.  Frank's cute ass flexed as he
thrust forward and Denise's cheeks hollowed when she sucked.
	I finally realized that I was the only one still dressed  as I
observed Aunt Annette stroking Uncle James's prong as my uncle finished
unzipping her dress.  She was naked underneath and her big, pillowy soft
breasts were freed.  "Do you want to join us, Karla?" she asked.  I stood
there for a moment, taking in the sight of my cousins and aunt and uncle,
naked and giving each other pleasure.  It was evident that sex was a
logical extension of love to them, not a degrading, dirty activity.
	I nodded and Don stepped towards me, his muscular 6'2" body
naked, his big cock hard and swaying over his cum-filled balls.  He
unbuttoned my blouse and Aunt Annette unfastened my bra.  She reached
around me and cupped my tits, pinching my already-stiff nipples.  I
reached down and fondled Don's jewels, excited that I was being welcomed
into the family circle.
	Aunt Annette removed my skirt and Don knelt in front of me,
kissing my belly and slowly pulling my panties off.  He nuzzled my brown
curls and licked my pussy lips.  I grabbed hold of his head and moaned.=20
Through half-closed eyes I watched as Frank shuddered, his cock still
inside Denise's mouth, as he obviously filled her mouth with a very
generous load of his cream.  And Dean and Pamela were almost frozen as
the both came together, Dean spewing his sauce into Pamela's fiery
furrow.  Seeing them combined with the sensation of Don's tongue sent me
into an orgasm of my own, humping my cousin's face and washing it with my
cunt cream.
	"Hmm, well, you were right, Dad, as usual"  Don said as he stood
and licked his lips.  "Karla does taste sweet, just like her mother."  So
Don had eaten my mother!  His tongue had wiggled inside of the channel I
had once exited!  How wicked!  How exciting!  I watched the others gather
'round, breasts jiggling, wet cocks half-hard and pubes matted with cum
and sweat.  I could sense an electric feeling of love that connected
everyone in the room and surrounded me, enveloped me.  It felt exciting
and secure.
	"Karla?"  Denise held her hand out to me and I took it.  I knew
she wanted me and she knew I was most used to women.  She kissed me, her
tongue dipping into my mouth and tasting of Frank's spunk.  Denise laid
me on one of the beds and her head dipped into my fork.  At the same
time, Pamela straddled my head and a long, white streamer of jizz dripped
from her hovering hole and I caught it on my tongue as she lowered her
honeypot.  Denise's mouth and tongue fluttered at my own puss, then was
replaced by another, someone whose tongue seemed a foot long and explored
every bit of my channel.  Then another mouth, and another, spent time
working my clit and puss into a froth as I ate Pamela's delicious quim.
	I recognized Frank's uncut dick, curved upward and with the bend,
as it entered Pamela's cunt.  I really had no idea who was eating mine
(all were very experienced and talented) but Frank's was the only
uncircumsized cock in the family (and he still is) and I had a close-up
view of his cock threading Pamela's cunt, forcing out dollops of Dean's
deposit which I eagerly lapped up.  The squishy sounds of cock in cunt,
the funky smell, the sheer visual image of that hard prick sounding her
puss had my own cunt gushing into whoever's mouth was working on me.  I
could tell when someone new sampled my puss, not only because the oral
techniques differed but also because the facial skin rubbing the insides
of my thighs varied from smooth and soft to rough and stubbly.
	 Meanwhile, I was getting a facial of love cream.  Each time
=46rank thrust forward, a shower of juice splattered from Pamela's raw
cunt.  Additionally, a drooling strand of liquid, a mix of Dean's spunk,
=46rank's pre-cum, and Pamela's own snatch sauce, slowly dripped like
molasses from her cunt to my mouth.  It was like liquid lust, the taste
building the fire in my belly even higher.
	When Pamela grabbed my legs and buried her head and tongue in my
swampy center, I knew she was coming and I let my own climax roll over
me.  As her cunt spasmed around Frank's prong, he slammed deep and
emptied into her.  He pulled out, still spurting, and slid that
pussy-basted meat into my mouth and I sucked him dry.
	When we rolled apart, I saw Uncle James giving Aunt Annette a
ride on his cock horse (I should say horsecock!) and I saw Don standing,
watching me, his cock dark and needing release.  I guessed then that he
was waiting to be the first to fuck me in the family setting.  I held out
my hand and he joined me on the bed, kissing me deep and soulfully, his
fiery hot poker rubbing between us and leaking hot drizzle on my skin.  I
was aware that Denise, Dean, Frank, Pamela, even my uncle and aunt, had
gathered around the bed.  Aunt Annette was stroking Uncle James's
pussy-pleaser and I knew he hadn't yet gotten his gun.  Pamela was
fondling Dean's balls and Denise was fisting Frank into yet another
erection (I soon discovered that Frank has the ability to get it up no
matter how many times he gets off.)
	"Love her, Don, dear," Aunt Annette said to her son.  "Give Karla
a proper welcome."  My handsome cousin, muscled chest glistening with
sweat, stood between my spread legs, his cock thick and hard and poised
to initiate me into the family circle.  Oh, sure, Uncle James had screwed
me, but he isn't a blood relative.  But Don and I had the same maternal
grandparents.  We were kin and Don was about to bring us even closer
together.
	"Make love to me, Don," I whispered.  Don lifted my legs and
angled the thick head of his cock, lodging it at the entrance to my
waiting love channel.  Denise crawled up and began licking and sucking my
left breast and Dean did the same with my right.  All eyes watched as Don
slowly eased his prick into my quivering quim.  I moaned at the exquisite
pleasure of the love I felt around me and in me as everyone touched,
caressed, licked and kissed my entire body.  My fingers probed slick
pussies and stroked leaking cocks as Don pistoned in and out of my
vagina.  Denise rubbed my clit as she nibbled my breast and softly
whispered, "Do you like being fucked, Karla?" she asked.  "Doesn't it
feel heavenly to have that hot dick inside you?"
	It was heaven.  My climax built quickly, moving like a speeding
train, in time to the quickening pace of Don's manly thrusts.  Don was
sweating profusely, droplets running down his face and neck to his chest
where Pamela's pink tongue licked them thirstily.
	I felt Don's prick swell as he lunged deeply.  Even as his thick
seed exploded in me, my climax seemed overwhelming, centered on my clit
and somewhere deep inside.  I made all sorts of noises as I was totally
overwhelmed by the most powerful orgasm I'd ever had.  I whimpered, I
shouted, I moaned, I grunted as I came and came and came.  Pamela soon
went down on me and then kissed me, passing a sweet oyster of cum from
her mouth to mine, a ritual repeated by everyone there.
	Needless to say, we are still a loving, close-knit clan.  I met a
man who accepted our loving situation.  Miles enjoys our visits with my
uncle and aunt and he always give as much pleasure as he receives.  Frank
married Denise, Don married Wanda, a former fashion model, who thoroughly
embraced our loving lifestyle.  In fact, Wanda's sister, Sharon, also
participates in our gatherings.  All in all we have 17 people, all family
members, who engage in our sexual loving encounters.  And yes, that
includes my  mother.  My father still doesn't know and would never
understand how his own wife could make love with her daughter's husband
with my hearty approval and encouragement.  He wouldn't understand any of
our incestuous lifestyle.
	Too bad, Dad.  There are plenty of pussies in the family that
would love to be on the receiving end of your love!


--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....