LIVE SEX
Hmmmm,  so......... <whispering>  What did you see in Bankok?

Dear Roger

I *knew* you'd ask that! I can remember the following:

Live sex on stage
Opening coke bottles
Firing darts from a blow pipe, the air originating from a lady's nether regions
Various tricks with candles
Prostitutes about 11 or 12 years old.
Laying eggs

Anyone else add any more to these?


Peter,

Now, I'm not a country bumpkin, but...........you are kidding??? If you don't
mind, elaborate a bit on this.  As my good personal friend David Letterman
would say, "this is from the museum of the hard to believe!"

Rog


Dear Roger

It's all true, and I am sure any number of members here who have travelled,
willingly or unwillingly, in S.E. Asia will have tales to tell of extraordinary
exhibitions to be seen there.

Which act in particular would you like described?

Peter


Just the whole thing is a bit hard to believe....sorry to be so naive. Lets
take a tame one......(so to speak)  The live sex shows. Where are they, whats
the situation like, who goes etc etc??



The live sex show I saw was quite enjoyable. An attractive Thai couple made
love on a raised platform in the middle of the room surrounded by chairs for
the audience. They were very competent, and performed in a number of different
positions which they were able to change without losing the beat, so to speak.
I was impressed by this and did learn from the experience. Suitable Thai music
was provided in the background.

The audience consisted of foreigners who were generally brought by taxi drivers
and by touts who cruise the streets offering "live sex show". There were a
number of couples in the audience. For those men without company, girls were
available (and I do mean girls). Drinks were also available. I can't remember
the cost, but it wasn't very high - maybe $10 to $15 for the show which also
included a number of other speciality acts some of which I mentioned in my
previous message.

Now I feel not so naive........but still hard to believe!



This kind of show is not restricted to Bankok. I saw a similiar performance in
Stockholm about 10 years ago at a club called "Le Chat Noir". There wer at
least 3 similiar clubs in Stockholm. The audience was mostly non-Swedish (the
anouncements wer in English!) The club was imaculatly clean and drinks were
available but not pushed. For a cover charge of 100 Kronor ($25.00 Cdn.) they
had better not be! Compared to the dingy strip clubs in Toronto, it was
refreshing. I became famous throughout my Swedish employer for falling asleep
during th the performance. What with a transatlantic flight, 3 transfers, and a
full working day, I had been up for about 45 hours by that point. I couldn't
have cared les if they had been commiting MURDER on that stage.



I've seen many things in my travels, especially in Europe. I really think they
have the handleon sexuality, but that is another subject. I have practiced nude
sauna in amixed sauna in Europe and it was no big deal. My wife likesto show
offher "assets" sometimes, not often but we have been skinnydipping on
ourcamping trips.  This is great for our marriage and sex life.




Thanks for the info Robert.  This is something new to me (I feel sooooooooo
naive)  Was what you saw in Stockholm a live sex show or what?



As I mentioned, I don't think I was fully concious at the time. Le Chat Noir
featured conventional strip tease, "petting show"(woman with dildo), "live
show"(heterosexual sex), and "lesbian love"(self-explanatory). As far as I
know, the other 3 clubs (the only name I remember was "Funny Girl") offered
similiar.



Peter, I recall a bar in Saigon....the woman was a whiz: fire ping pong balls
out to about 15' downrange (the bar), smoking a cigar and being able to
extinguish a match at about 6-8". Its amazing the things you can do when you
really want to! Anyone read the book "LE PETOMAINE" about the 'Great Pujole'
from France? He discovered he could take in air through his anus (reverse
flatulence) and then could whistle, imitate birds and animals, locomotive
sounds and extinguish candles from a foot away. He wore a special costume on
stage with a drop seat, ala' long johns! (This is going to become its very own
Section - I can tell)<HAH!> And too, there is HONEYSUCKLE DIVINE of
Philadelphia. She too is a master of the mechanical vagina. Smokes cigars,
picks ups customer's change from the bar, whistles, etc, etc..
                                                       ad nauseum!



Roger,


  Take the most unbelieveable, bizarre, outrageous thought of a situation or
act that you can imagine and it is being done or has been done somewhere in the
world.


  I can't recall for sure, I think it was in the Phillipines, maybe Subic Bay
area. There was a bar that was always well attended by Marines (yawn). A
certain bar girl would wait till they got good and drunk and would bet
$100.00US that a Marine could'nt defacate upon her face as she lay on the bar.
There was always a jarhead ready to oblige her with AT LEAST $100 in hand.
  The woman, not more than teenaged, would lay face up on the bar and the
Marine had to squat above her. She would watch and as she saw his sphincter
start to relax she would purse her lips and blow on it forcefully and he would
tense up - this would go on for the agreed upon 2 minute limit and she never
lost that I know of.
  There are a million stories such as these. The truth is far starnger than any
fiction could be!


