Archive-name: 3plus/sexthigh.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sex, Thighs, and Videotape 

 
     So there I sat with JANEY on my naked, sticky-with-cum lap, SYLVIA on 
my right, and FRAN on my left, all of them snuggling close to me and kissing 
my ears and neck, squeezing my buns, and whatever else please them.  SYLVIA, 
who had magnificent, enormous nipples herself, kept leaning over to lick my 
nipples or to pinch my titties, when she had them erect.  And I was intent 
on watching the videos, one by one, of what JANEY and I had done.  The 
different views made me hotter still than just my own recollections of what 
I did to JANEY or what she did to me.  I didn't remember everything of 
course, and when FRAN had taped JANEY butterfly tickling my asshole with her 
sexy tongue, I felt it for the first time.  When it actually happened, I was 
so deep into JANEY';s cunt with my own tongue, overcome with the sexiness 
of her juices and her woman's scent, her powerful orgasmic contractions, her 
moans and cries, that I wasn't even tuned in to what she was doing to my 
anus.  Now I could sit on the couch, my arms affectionately around JANEY, 
licking sweat off her boobs and hot neck, while SYLVIA and FRAN stimulated 
me with their hands and mouths, and I could take it video by video what 
JANEY and I had done. It was a stellar performance by each of us, but soon 
to be outdone with two more women, who were starved-for-sex! 
 
     When the first video was over, which FRAN had taped from her hiding 
place and positions she had taken when she knew that I was engrossed in sex 
with JANEY, FRAN was on top of me in her white lingerie outfit.  I had 
enjoyed about a 30 minute rest, which was enough for a 17-year-old  youth.  
FRAN's lips were red and puffy with lust, she was a model of bawd in her 
white, sheer bra, even more sheer white panties, her white garterbelt, white 
nurse's hose, white spike heels, and a white nurse's cap.  She was the 
answer to a man's dream!  I wanted to eat her more than anything to compare 
her cunt taste to JANEY's.  But I just had this uncanny compulsion to eat 
each of the women, over and over again.  The I realized why.  There were 
three distinct aromas in the room.  I could smell lime, cinnamon, and 
cherry.  I hadn't taken the time to notice, but JANEY had used a cherry 
douche, and its scent was still strong in the air.  Less strong was the lime 
flavor with which FRAN had douched and perfumed her nipples, armpits, 
thighs, and asshole.  I soon discovered the source of each strong scent by 
licking her in each of those places which were accessible without removing 
her underclothes, which were really her outerclothes for this orgy.  It 
turned out that FRAN loved her underarms licked...bringing her to her first 
orgasm with my tongue in her right armpit.  When I took my time and licked 
and sucked her left armpit, she "came" again.  Of course, I was petting her 
pussy through the sheer underpants at the same time.  Her crotch grew wet, 
then sopping, then soppy-sticky at the same time, and I knew that FRAN 
wanted my cock in her pussy.  I pulled her panties down (She was wearing her 
garterbelt and hose under the panties so that the latter could come off 
first, which the other women did too.  When I had her out of the panties, I 
placed my face at her box and began to lick all around her thighs, her pubic 
hairline, until I touched her with the tip of my tongue lightly on each of 
her exposed labia.  She was loving it but could hardly stand my slow pace.  
I had her going and I loved it.  I wanted my entire face up in her cunt, but 
I used restraint to excite FRAN more and more. I found her clit as soon as I 
stuck my tongue between her upper labia, and it produced an electric shock in 
both of us...like a connection being made for a current.  And while we did 
these things, JANEY and SYLVIA were busy with the camcorders again, taping ‹j‹åan fresh half hour each for us to watch later or some other sexy night.  I 
didn't care what they did or when we reviewed the action.  I was lost in the 
action of FRAN's hot cunt.  She bucked her ass to push her cunt into my 
face; she rolled herself up into  a fetal position on her back so that I 
could lick both her cunt and her ass easily.  She showed me with her 
movements that she wanted my tongue on her everywhere, and that everywhere 
excited her.  She must have come ten times before I even lay back to have her 
mount my 8 inch hardon, which I later got to see from two different angles 
on a video...a magnificent act.  And she reached an orgasm when she 
was fully secured all the way down on my belly with that cock all its length 
slid up her well-lubed cunt.  I guess my dickhead bumped her uterus and 
brought her off again!  She began to ride it and cry with delight.  She 
talked so nasty of sucking it, of eating cum, mine and everyone else's ion 
the whole world, she described what she would  do with SYLVIA, JANEY and me, 
and made me cum when she spoke of my filling each of them with a big shot of 
jism, which she would then eat out of each cunt, including her own and off 
my dick until we were all absolutely dry and clean of cum again!  When I 
delivered that jet of cum into her vagina, she pumped me internally for a 
half minute, then shifted to a 69 position so that I could eat the juicy 
combined cum out of her crack while she proceeded to lick my pecker clean, 
jus as she had promised.  I ate all the stuff out until no more emerged, 
then I raised my head and licked my way toward her now exposed asshole.  I 
discovered that this too made her cum...more powerfully than her armpits.  I 
barely got to lick her anus when she "came" again.  I knew  that she liked 
that because she sat up to place her hips and that delicious asshole right 
over my mouth, riding my lips so that I could keep up the stimulation until 
she came again, and again, and again a fourth time....by anal-lingus.  Then 
she shifted quickly again, and poured a flood of cum from her pussy over my 
face a s I licked her clit which was right at my tongue's reach because her 
fingers were spreading her cuntlips apart for me and she was pressing the 
entire weight of her body down on my chin to put her cunt in my mouth.  I 
loved it!  And I was about shoot off another round, when a powerful hand 
grabbed me around the shaft of my pecker and choked off any more cum.  It 
was SYLVIA with the old nurse's technique of slapping a prick hard to make 
an erection disappear.  The chokehold stopped my cum; the slap finished off 
my hardon.  I lay back on the bed stunned, but delighted with my time with 
FRAN.  And this was SYLVIA's way of saying, "My turn!"  (To find about about 
that, read "SYLVIA's Turn " 
 
--
