Message #1055 "Fantasy"
Date: 04-Feb-89 16:13
From: Robert Epps
To:   All
Subj: SexyGram

Kelli exited the Santa Ana Freeway at Newport Avenue and pulled into a
parking lot next to the Sizzler.  She pulled a map out of the glove
compartment, and opened it to the page she'd marked with a gas receipt.
As she studied the map to determine which way to go next, the guys sit-
ting at a nearby bus stop glanced through the Honda's windows and did
double-takes.
 
She was wearing nothing but a very skimpy bikini and a T-shirt.
 
Kelli could almost feel the eyes outside crawling all over her body,
and she smiled as she plotted her course.  Go down Newport to Bryan,
right on Bryan to Utt.  Simple enough...  She pulled out of the parking
lot (to the obvious disappointment of the guys outside), and headed to-
ward her destination.
 
Kelli felt a mixture of nervousness and excitement as she pulled along-
side the curb in front of the house.  She just sat there for a moment,
willing her heart to stop pounding so fast.  Then she shut off the
engine and picked up the sealed envelope from the passenger's seat.
She felt so exposed as she stepped out of the car.  The early evening
sun cast its red glow against her bare legs, making them look even more
tanned than they really were.
 
This was Kelli's first delivery.
 
A wolf whistle came from somewhere down the block, and she turned her
head quickly toward the source, but didn't see anyone.  She walked up
to the front door, and pressed the doorbell.  Then she put her hands,
which were clutching the envelope, behind her back and waited.
 
The door opened, and a handsome young man smiled as he took in the
sight of this lovely girl on the front porch.  Another man was standing
right behind him, looking over his shoulder, and Kelli could see yet
another guy in the living room, standing next to a stereo.
 
"H-hi," Kelli stammered.  "I have a SexyGram message for a Ken Thomas."
 
All three guys were staring at her now...  "That's me!"  "The hell it
is -- I'm Ken..."  "Don't listen to them, I'm Ken!"  Kelli giggled as
they argued with each other about their identities. Finally a consensus
was reached, and the man who'd answered the door turned toward her.
"I'm really Ken," he said with a grin, and he held up his driver's
license to prove it.
 
"Mind if I come in?"
 
"No, not at all!"  Ken and the second guy stood back, and Kelli stepped
inside.  She could smell something delicious cooking in the kitchen.
 
Ken beckoned her into the living room.  "Is this message from a Richard
Wolford by any chance?"  Kelli looked at the name on the envelope and
nodded.  "It says 'private message' on the envelope," she said shyly,
glancing in the direction of Ken's friends, who were looking at her
with observable lust.
 
"Oh it's o.k. if they hear it.  Go ahead!"  Ken sat down on the plush
sofa and put his hands behind his head.  His eyes did not leave her
curvy figure.
 
Subj: SexyGram   part 2

Kelli carefully ripped open the envelope and slid a piece of paper out
of it.  She looked it over quickly.  Oooooh this one's gonna be HOT...
She stood before her captive audience and read the letter out loud:
 
     To my dear friend and associate Ken,
 
     I can imagine what you must look like right now as you sit and
     looked at the sexy lady who is reading this letter to you now.
 
Kelli blushed as she read that.
 
     I was going to write a normal letter to you, but I heard an ad
     on the radio for this SexyGram service, and just thought I'd
     help brighten your day a little.  I pray that the young lady
     will survive the experience, knowing your animal nature!
 
Mmmmmmm....
 
      Debbie and I have been having a wonderful time here in Florida!
     Epcot was a real blast, and Disney World is so spread out and
     open compared to that sardine can in Anaheim.  Remember what
     you told me about your friend David and his girlfriend?  About
     when they were making love on the Haunted House ride and got
     kicked out of the park?
 
David laughed heartily as Phil, the third man, slapped him on the back.
 
     Well Debbie and I got pretty hot on that ride here, and got
     away with it!  You should have seen us, man -- it was a good
     thing there was nobody in the car behind us.  They'd probably
     have called the Mickey Mouse Police.  Too bad the ride wasn't
     longer!
 
Kelli began to rub her abdomen as she imagined the hot sexy possibili-
ties.  This letter was going to make her very horny, she knew that
already...
 
     But it worked out okay, and we didn't stay in the park too
     much longer obviously.  The hotel room was calling loudly!
     I wonder what the lady reading this thinks of all this.  Must
     think we're a couple of horny perverts to be writing letters
     like this to each other!  I'll bet she looks quite tasty to
     you right now, Ken.  I made sure of that when I called the
     place.  'Send Ken a really hot babe in the most revealing
     outfit possible', I told them.  How does she look?  I'm
     getting hard just thinking about it!  Can't wait until Deb
     gets out of the bathroom.  Then I'm gonna have to cut this
     letter short, ol' buddy!  In the meantime I'll just imagine
     you looking at this girl in her little bikini...
 
Kelli paused just long enough to pull her T-shirt off over her head.
Her audience whistled and whooped and cheered.  The bikini was reveal-
ing enough to expose the tan lines formed by the beachwear that she
normally wore.  Her yummy breasts were almost completely bare, and the
contours of her nipples and areole were clearly visible through the
thin, tight fabric.  Her bikini bottom likewise covered very little,
and the guys were pulling at their collars as they gazed upon her
inviting crotch and sexy hips.  Kelli smiled at them tantalizingly and
continued to read.
 
Subj: SexyGram   part 3

     So how are things going at the office in my absence?  Every-
     thing going to hell?  Or are things running better than ever?
     I hesitate to think which one it might be.  Especially since
     I looked in the paper this morning and saw that our stock is
     now up past 15!  Why did you have to go and tell the stock-
     holders about my vacation?
 
     Speaking of stockholders, remember that tall blonde girl at
     the last meeting?  The one who I said was looking at me like
     she was ready to drag me into the closet with her as soon as
     she had the opportunity?  I wasn't planning to tell you about
     this, but in my present over-sexed state I just can't hold back.
     And I just know that the dear lady reading this to you will
     enjoy it, hehehe.
 
Ooooooh I bet I will, thought Kelli.  She was already QUITE horny!
The eyes of the three horny guys crawling all over her luscious body
were definitely a contributing factor.  She sat down on the arm of
an unoccupied loveseat, and rubbed her thighs lightly with one hand
as she read on.
 
     Well not long after that meeting she approached me in the
     hall, and all but asked me to bed right then and there!  Can
     you believe it?  Why couldn't I have such luck before I was
     married?!  Anyway, I told her that I was married, and she
     shrugged off that fact like it was nothing.  In fact, said it
     would be all the better:  a threesome!  I just kinda went
     along with all this and said something noncommittal about
     asking my wife if she'd be interested.  I certainly was!
     I wanted nothing more than to lick that girl's body all
     over...
 
Oooooh man, mmmmmm...  Kelli's hand slid up her body and rubbed her
hips and stomach.  Her legs moved slightly together and apart.  Phil
couldn't take it anymore -- he got up, strode around the coffee table,
and sat down in the loveseat next to her.  Her body was just inches
from his tongue and lips and hands, and it made her feel so HOT!  She
sucked in her breath through slightly parted lips as he lifted one hand
and rested it lightly on her thigh.  His fingers lightly caressed the
smooth silky skin.  She continued to read, her voice a little throatier
now.
  
     I was feeling really horny all the rest of that day, and I
     couldn't wait to get home!  Finally 5:00 rolled around, and
     I bet you still can remember how in a hurry I was to leave
     that day!  But you didn't know why, until now.
 
     When I did get home, you won't believe who was there with
     Debbie.
 
Two tasty bodies, lying in wait...  Kelli had to pause again, as Phil's
happy fingers increased the area being massaged.  They were now going
all over both thighs, inside and out, caressing and rubbing and squeez-
ing.  It felt so good!  She put a hand on his shoulder and pulled him
toward her a bit.
 
     I didn't even have the front door closed all the way when they
     were against me like slices of bread on a sandwich.  Debbie
     whispered in my ear that we had a guest, meet Melissa, she'd
     like to stay with us and have a good time tonight.  I shook
     her hand as she pressed her chest against me and rubbed.  Deb
     and this blonde beauty were practically hugging each other,
     with me in the middle!  I wonder how much I can say about this
     without getting censored by the telegram company...
  
Subj: SexyGram   part 4

Kelli knew that THIS company did not censor at all.  At least that's
what the district manager had said!  She imagined pressing herself
against this lucky guy, trying to touch his body with as much of her
own as possible.  Then Phil's hands slid up and encircled her breasts.
The bra offered little protection from his lusty fingers as they lifted
those delicious mounds up and squeezed them gently, feeling their ex-
quisite softness.  He rested his head against her arm as he continued
to fondle her boobs.  "Don't mind me," he said softly.  "I'd certainly
like to hear more."  The other guys laughed.  Ken hoped that SexyGram
company policy did not forbid intimate contact between deliveryperson
and recipient!  So far it did not appear to...
 
Kelli closed her eyes for a moment and enjoyed the feel of Phil's hands
on her chest.  She LOVED to have them played with!  "Read us more!"
said Ken and David in chorus.  She opened her eyes and held the letter
before her again.  Phil's sensuous massaging made it somewhat difficult
for her to concentrate on the text.  She summoned the extra effort, and
spoke.
  
     It wasn't long before all three of us were happily tumbling
     about in the bedroom.  Good thing Debbie talked me into buy-
     ing a new kingsize bed!  We had alot of fun playing "dogpile"
     with each of us on the bottom at one time or another.
 
Kelli imagined Phil's body piled on top of hers.  Phil imagined roughly
the same thing, as his tongue touched her body and began to lick.  Ken
and David had gotten up from the couch, and they were coming toward
her now, oooohhhhh....
 
     Pretty soon we were all naked, and very HOT!  I couldn't get
     enough of either of them, and my hands and tongue were all
     over the place, jumping from one girl to the other.  Funny
     thing:  they really did taste different!
 
Somebody untied Kelli's bra in back, and it slipped quickly off and
away.  A second pair of hands came around her body to fondle her boobs.
David's face appeared next to hers, their cheeks pressed together.  He
turned his head, and their lips came together.
 
Ken was on his knees next to the loveseat, running his hands along
Kelli's sexy legs and hips.  One hand slid in between her legs, and
rubbed her pussy through the thin bikini.  He could feel the hot moist
lips, and even push a finger in between them through the fabric a
little way.
 
The letter slipped from her hand, and fluttered to the floor.
 
Phil's tongue slithered all over Kelli's stomach and sides and chest,
as David's poked and probed inside her mouth.  She felt her bikini
being pulled down her legs, and then a hand was caressing her clit.
Her body started to undulate with all the sensations, which made the
tongue and lips eating her body even more feverish.  They sought out
a delicious nipple to suck on, and found one.
 
Strong arms slid underneath her and behind her back, and Kelli was
lifted up off the arm of the loveseat.  One of the guys managed to tear
himself away from her hot body long enough to unroll a large futon.
Kelli was lowered onto it.  She lay on her back, her long hair spread
out above her head, her legs spread slightly to expose her tender pussy
lips, her hard nipples pointing straight up at the three very horny
guys who gazed down upon her hungrily.
 
They descended upon her.
 
Subj: SexyGram   part 5

Kelli made hot passionate love to a creature with six arms, six legs,
three tongues, and three cocks.  Her mind swam in blissful sexual
euphoria as Ken, David, and Phil licked, rubbed, sucked, and ate every
part of her body.  Somebody's big cock flopped down on her face, and
she stabbed her tongue at it, making it bounce up and down on her nose.
Her body bucked when she felt a tongue plunge into her.  Hands slid all
over, squeezing her thighs, massaging her shoulders, kneading her
breasts.  A face pressed into them, and she managed to work her hands
in and slid them down the sweaty muscular body and grip his ass.
 
The tongue inside her had been replaced by a pair of fingers, probing
and feeling and twisting, and she could feel another big cock pressing
against her groin and abdomen.  She reached up with one hand and took
hold of the dick that continued to rest against her face.  She examined
it eagerly, looked at the head, and tasted it with her tongue.  Some-
body moaned.  She licked it some more, and squeezed it with her hand.
It was throbbing now.  Kelli's tongue slid all over it, tasting the
hot hard flesh.  Then she slipped the head in between her lips.
  
The moaning became louder as Kelli sucked on that tasty meat.  Her
tongue curled around it, and she pushed that big muscle into her mouth
until she felt the head touch the roof way in back.  It slid around
back there as she munched and chewed gently with her tongue and lips,
and then she slid it out most of the way and tickled the head some
more.  Whoever this cock belonged to was feeling real good now!  She
moaned with pleasure and pushed it back in, and sucked on it even
harder.
 
She felt her legs being spread farther apart, and then something big
and hot thrust its way between her pussy lips and into her.  The sen-
sation nearly made her bite down on the one in her mouth!  She con-
tinued to suck on it, as her vagina was set on fire.  Hands gripped
her thighs, and hairy balls slapped against her ass as Dave rammed his
tool into her with glee.  Ken, meanwhile, continued to munch on her
jiggling boobs, squeezing them together and licking them all over.
 
"Hey Dave, let's switch!"  "No way!"  A part of Kelli's mind listened
as negotiations took place regarding who could enjoy what part of her
next.  Then there was a shifting of male bodies above her, and she
found a new and much wetter and sweeter cock in her mouth.  It was the
taste of her own juices.  She slurped at it hungrily.  Phil positioned
his hips between her thighs, and pushed his throbbing love muscle into
her.  Ken was satisfied right where he was, his face and hands enjoying
the taste and feel of her chest and stomach, which writhed and undula-
ted with all the hot action.
 
Subj: SexyGram   part 6

The hips between her legs rammed even harder, and Kelli clutched at
that jackhammer with her vaginal muscles as she sucked on the one in
her mouth even harder.  Its head banged around in her mouth, and Dave's
balls bounced on her chin.  Kelli popped his cock out of her mouth and
ran her tongue all over it, circling the base and tounging at his
balls.  Then she slipped his dick back in, and sucked on it with great
intensity this time, her cheeks pulling inward.  Dave's hips rocked
and bucked, and he put his hands behind her head and fucked her mouth.
His moans became a sharp yelp, and hot steamy cum shot out of his
missile into her mouth.  His cock slipped out, and cum dribbled on her
chin and neck and on the back of Ken's head.  Ken was having too much
fun to notice.
 
Phil's fingers dug into Kelli's thighs as he rammed his dick into her
forcefully.  The friction and pressure sent waves of pleasureful pain
throughout his crotch and hers, and with a rocketing lunge, he shot
his own hot load of sticky cum into her.
 
The two guys panted, and looked at each other with big grins.  David
bent down, wiped the cum away from her chin and lips, and planted his
lips on hers.  Phil just rested his head between her legs, and pulled
them together so that her thighs squeezed his face.  Ken's tired lips
and tongue were taking a rest, and his head was turned sideways as it
rested against the pillows of her chest.
 
Back at the SexyGram offices, Kelli's supervisor looked at his watch,
then at the stack of telegrams to be delivered, and waited impatiently
for his new delivery girl to return.
 
                                          --- R.E.E.

