Archive-name: 3plus/sexy.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Three Gals and a Guy


        A TRUE LIFE ADVENTURE
    They say the teen years are the best.  Well, this little
tidbit is definite conformation of that fact!  It's also proof that
things are seldom as bad as they seem.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    People who knew us called us the Four Muskiteers.  Those
unfortunate enough to know us well called us the Four Sex Perverts!
    It seemed we always did stuff together.  Concerts, crusing
the local MacDonalds, Parties, etc...  No matter what the situation,
we were a team.  
    Jim, the oldest of our group was 17.  He had been held up
a year in school and was the only one of us with a car.  As a matter
of fact, he was the only one of us old enough to drive.  Tom, Greg,
and Rick (myself), were all 15.  All we three had to do was keep Jim
supplied with gas money and a place to go;  and it was let the good
time roll!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    One Friday evening I was unable to get out.  I forget now what
the reason was but it had what I thought tragic results.
    Jim and the guys had gone to the Mall to get a tape deck for
his car.  While there, they spotted these three sexy babes hanging
around Record Mart.  As it turned out, they were all 15, very good
looking, and all three were party animals!  They went out and from
what the guys later told me, had one hell of a time.
    Go ahead...Rub it in....I said.
    For the next week or so I saw very little of our group.  I
began to feel very let down;  and a little mad!  After all, we were
a team and these bitches were breaking us up!  What was I to do?  
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Friday evening rolled around and I decided to call Jim to
find out what was happening.  Iknew the answer before he said it.
He was just about to give me the "well I'll talk to you later" story
when I told him I scored a dynamite bag of Pot.
    "I'll pick you up in 20 minutes" was the reply.
    Seven of us crammed in a Skylark was anything but comfortable.
I did finally get a chance to meet the Bitches of Eastwick who were
cause of breaking our terrific foursome.  It didn't take long for me
to understand why......
    Tina was a knockout.  She had beautiful long black hair, a
very slender build, and a huge pair of 38's that I wanted to get my
hands on in the worst way.
    Monica had the same color hair but much smaller tits.  She
made up for it though with an ass that any pervert could love.  I
should know...she was crammed next to me in the back seat!
    Lori was a bit on the scrawny side.  In the car she looked
more like a guy than a girl.  She did have this beautiful red hair
that I kept looking at all night.  I guess I always had some sort
of facination with redheads.
    We rode the back country roads and when it seemed safe I
fired up a bowl of my reefer.  As the pipe was passed around front I
commenced rolling 4 or 5 joints for later.
    The girls were all pretty friendly and I think the guys were
begining to feel bringing me was a mistake.  I on the other hand was
delighted!  I think I finally realized I had the advantage because I
didn't have a date.  They were feeling sorry for me and I loved the
attention!
    I passed the pipe and my bag up to Tom in the front who by
this time I could tell was pretty pissed.  He fired up another bowl
while I reached in my jacket pocket and lit one of the doobies I had
rolled earlier.
    Within an hour we were all blitzed.  We were also getting on
each other's nerves. (us guys that is).
    It was about this time Tina made the suggestion we all go
back to her house.  She told me her Mon and Dad were divorced and
her Mom worked at a local tavern as a barmaid and would not be home
until about 3 in the morning.
    I guess Jim figured any place was better than where we were
now cause he turned around and headed for Tina's house before she
had a chance to finish her sentence.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Monica and Tom were in to a pretty strong argument by the
time we pulled in Tina's driveway.  To be honest we were all into
some form of verbal abuse.  Jim was saying it was all my fault,
Tom was in agreement, Lori said no it wasn't, Jim told her to shut
up, Tina said don't talk to her like that, I said I'm going to take
a piss, where's the bathroom?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (for those of you out there who have been patient.....
     now comes the good stuff!!!...)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    I zipped up my jeans and returned to the family room only to
find it empty.  I walked up to the kitchen where I found the three
girls sitting at the table looking very pissed.
    "Where are the guys?" I asked.
    "Well......" Tina said, "They kinda left you stranded here.

They said Fuck you and you can find your own way home".
"FUCK!!!" I said.
    "Don't worry" replied Monica.  "My Mon is picking me up here
at midnight and she can give you a ride home.  She's cool".
    "I don't care about the ride......Those Fuckers still have
my bag of reefer!!!"
    "So grab a beer outa the fridge and make yourself at home"
Tina said.  It's only 8:30 and we may as well make our own little
party".
    It was then I remembered the joints I rolled in the car.
I pulled them out and set them on the table in front of the girls.
They all smiled.......
    We were in the family room watching TV getting stoned when
Tina got up and left the room.  A couple of seconds passed when she
called Lori out into the hall.  I could hear them whispering and I         
realized something's up.  Another few seconds passed and Lori called
Monica to come out for a minute.  I was left in the room to ponder
what might be in store for me.  My eyes drifted back to the TV for
a second.  The Six Million Dollar Man was on and it was a show I
hated.  For some reason though, with a good buzz, it was kind of
funny.  The whispering in the hall was still going on when suddenly
I heard one of the girls gasp a little louder "you want to rape him?!"
"ssshhhh" was the only reply, then a little girlish giggling.
    "This is not happening!" I told myself in disbelief.  I opened
another can of beer and chugged about half.  I sat there for a moment
in total shock.  Goosebumps went shivering down my back (it wasn't
the beer either).
    Another minute had passed when Monica and Lori came back in
the room.  They had this mischevious look in thier eyes and a sultry
grin on thier faces.  They sat on the floor beside me, one on each
side.  Monica reached up and started twriling the hair around my ear
with her index finger.  Lori began carressing my shoulder.  Neither
of them spoke for a few seconds until Monica said in a soft sexy voice
"You've had a bad time tonight.  We would like to make it up to you
if we can."
    "Well...." I replied, "That all depends on what you had in
mind".
    "We're going to rape you".  Lori said.
    I figured I'd play along with them so they wouldn't know
I had overheard them in the hall.
    "And just suppose I don't want to be raped!" I said.
    "That will make it much more fun!" Monica replied.
    They moved the coffee table out of the way and pushed me
gently backward til I was lying on the floor.  Each one stradled
one of my arms so I could not get up. 
    "Okay he's ready!"  Yelled Tina.  Then she and Lori both
began to giggle again.
    Within a few seconds Tina walked into the room.  She had 
changed into a pair of terrycloth shorts.  She still had on the 
same blouse but it was un-tucked and partially unbuttoned.  She
had also taken off her bra and those beautiful knockers were looked
very inviting.  She stood at my feet looking down at me for a while
grinning at the same time.  She stradled my legs and began rubbing my
chest. My arms were pinned but still I managed to reach around on
both sides and started to carress Monica's and Lori's ass.  Lori let
out a little squeal of approval and Monica just said "Oooooh that's
nice."  Tina pulled up my shirt and began carressing my bare chest.
    "Look girls....he's hairy" she cooed.
    "Check to see if he's got hair lower too"  Monica said.
    Tina scooted back a little and slid her massaging hands down
to my crotch.  She squeezed a little and all I could do was let out a
moan of pleasure.  "I don't know if he's hairy", Tina said, "but he
sure is hard!"
    "Looks like he's big too" Lori whispered softly.
    Tina unbuttoned my jeans and I felt her hand slip inside and
down to my balls.  She let her fingernails run gently across the length
of my shaft.  I thought I was going to loose it right then but was
able to maintain some control. (not much!)
    "C'mon...let that thing out!" yelled Lori.
    Tina removed her hand and pulled down my jeans.  It was
clumsy going since I was still pinned.  I kicked off my shoes and Tina
slipped my jeans off leaving me there in shorts.  Lori reached down
and started squeezing my cock through the shorts.  Soon Monica began
helping her which made me stroke thier asses even faster.
    "Girls girls..." Tina said, "wait your turn please".
    She reached up and slid both hands under the waistband of
my briefs.  I raised my ass as best I could to assist her as she took
them off.
    "Lookin' good" I heard her exclaim.  She immeadeately reached
up and took my shaft in her hand. She began working back and forth
while Lori and Monica watched with complete approval.
    "Girls", I said, My arms are falling asleep.  Besides, isn't
it getting hot in here?"
    "It sure is" replied Monica who at once got up and proceeded
to take off her sweater.  Lori also got up and unbuttoned her blouse.
Now that my hands were free I took off my shirt leaving me naked except
for my socks.  I laid there with Tina jacking me off watching the other
two undress in front of me.  Lori no longer looked like a guy.  She
slipped off her blouse revealing a skimpy black bra.  Her tits were
much bigger than I had thought.  She reached around and unhooked the
back of her bra, lowered her shoulders and let it slip off.  Her tits
were big, beautiful pink nipples staring right at me.  She had freckles
all over her chest which turned me on!  She unbuttoned her jeans and
slowly pulled them down.  She had on a pair of black panties which
didn't hide much of her from me.  Through the sides I could see a hint
of red hair.  She left her panties on so I looked over at Monica who,
by this time was down to her bra and panties.  She too had a Nice pair
of hooters but it was that ass that kept getting my attention.  I think
she somehow sensed my interest because the panties were the first to go.
Monica turned away from me and slowly lowered her panties. Her ass was
revealed to me in all it's splendor.  Wow what a sight!  She turned
around exposing a thick black bush of hair That I just wanted to bury
my face in.  She undid her bra and released a pair of tits that were
just a bit bigger than Lori's.  Her nipples were dark and much smaller
though, and already hard as a rock.  Not to be out done, Tina let go
of my dick, sat upright, and unbuttoned her blouse.  She pulled it off
her shoulders and those 38's that had my attention in the car were now
within arm's reach.  I stretched forward and cupped both of those
monsters in my hands, fondling her nipples with my thumbs.  They 
became erect at once and she stopped me saying "Back down mister!"
"I'm not through yet!"  I obeyed.  Lori and Monica came back over
and laid on the floor beside me.  Lori bent over and kissed me hard
on the mouth.  Our tongues probed each other's throats for what seemed
like an eternity.  As we proceeded, I reached over and began fondling
Monica's tits.  Lori released me from the lip lock and reached up
to take a drink of beer.  She suspended her tits right over my face so
I took one of those beautiful freckled mounds in my mouth and began
sucking gently.  I reached through her legs and stroked her ass and
pussy through her panties.  She squirmed with delight as my finger
found her clit through the fabric.  It was then I felt the most
fantastic sensation.  I stopped sucking Lori's tit, peeked around it
and there was Tina taking the full length of my shaft in her mouth.
It was warm and sent shivers down my spine.  I knew if I watched too
long I would loose my load so I went back to sucking Lori's tits.
Monica, in the mean time, had turned around and began squeezing my
balls.  There was that beautiful ass again!  I reached over and slid
my fingers in between her crack, squeezing her cheeks at the same time.
I slowly felt my way around to her slit.  It was warm and wet with her
juices and my finger slid right in her love canal.  I let my other
finger work forward to her clitoris and she twitched when I found it.
Lori's nipples were becoming hard and I knew my hand was hitting the
right places.  I pulled my hand forward and slipped it under her panties
back down to her pussy.  She too was wet and when I found her clit she
moaned out loud.  It was hard as a rock and every time I worked back
and forth accross the tip she too would twitch and shiver. I slid my
finger inside her cunt and it was immeadeately lost in warm beautiful
wetness.  She felt tight and I thought of fucking that beautiful red
haired pussy.  It was really getting me hot!
    Monica and Tina were now taking turns sucking me off and I
felt myself ready to blow, so I suggested to Monica she should find
a more comfortable position.  Tina got up and I pulled Monica over
on top of me in the 69 position.  Lori also stood up and slipped out
of her panties.  She then went over and, to my suprise, started to
help Tina finish getting undressed.  Tina was very hairy.  Her bush
was as dark as Monica's, only much thicker.  She came over and took
the same position Monica had earlier.  Lori also turned around and
and assumed the same position.  Here now was her beautiful ass looking
me right in the face; that red haired snatch peeking out from under.
As Monica started sucking I reached up and spread her pussy lips to
expose her slit.  I buried my face in her wetness and began working
my tongue accross her clitoris.  I couldn't resist that ass over my
head.  I moved my hands back and squeezed her cheeks.  As she propelled
the length of my cock in and out of her mouth I worked her ass back
and forth sliding her clit accross my tongue in perfect rythym.
She soon came with a fury, shaking and quivering and moaning in shear
pleasure.  She rolled off, flushed from her orgasm.  She looked back
at me and smiled at the other two girls.  Without a word, she gave
a "thumbs up" gesture. She got up, walked to the sofa immeadeatly
behind me and sat down. 
    "My turn", Lori exclaimed as she got up from the floor.
    Tina stood up and stepped in front of her.  "MY TURN!"
she said.  "I started this and I want a piece now!"
    "Girls Girls" I said. "Don't fight. I'll try to accomodate
the both of you in due time.  Lori,  You come here."  She stepped
right over my head, her legs spread apart and me looking straight
up at that red bush.  "Well...?" she said. 
    "Well...." I answered.  "Sit down!"
    She lowered herself over me.  I reached up as with Monica
and opened her pussy with my fingers.  I let one finger slide accross
her clit to see if she was as hard as before.  Lori didn't dissapoint
me.  I went to work on her pussy, probing her wet cunt with my tongue.
She reached down and raised my totally erect rod offering it to Tina.
Tina obliged by lowering herself on to my shaft.  Lori, still holding
my cock, worked it up and down Tina's slit.  She rubbed it accross
Tina's clitoris making it hard.  My cock was soon covered with Tina's
juices and Lori stroked it a few times to make it harder (if that was
possible).  Tina raised herself up a little and Lori moved my cock
back.  Tina lowered herself onto my shaft and began rocking up and
down.  I let her set the motion and responded by sucking Lori's pussy
with the same rythym.  My hands wandered over ass  down to her cunt 
and as my tongue worked on her clit I slipped in a finger.  "God was
she tight!"  I slipped in another finger and she wiggled her ass in
appreciation.  Tina, in the mean time, had picked up the rythym a bit
so I did the same on Lori.  I opened my eyes and saw Lori's little
anal star.  I was curious so I pulled out a finger which was wet and
slippery.  I slowly moved it back and started rubbing her hole still
fingering her cunt at the same time. Soon it too was wet and I felt
it loosen a little.  I wasn't sure how she would react so I moved 
slowly.  I gently pushed my finger and to my suprise it slid right in.
Lori moaned softly and leaned forward, spreading her buns even more.
I thought to myself "what the hell" and let my finger slide in all
the way.  It was warm and tight and my mind wandered from thinking
about fucking her tight pussy to fucking this wondefull tight ass!
I poked Lori's clit with my tongue and noticed each time I did her
asshole would tighten around my finger.  She was really getting hot
and I knew it was just a matter of time before she would orgasm.  I
reached around with my free hand and started fondling her tits. I 
felt sweat between them and when I moved to the other one I was shocked
to find Tina's mouth there working on the nipple.  
    "These girls ARE close friends!" I thought to myself.
    I let my hand wander down to Tina's pussy.  I felf my cock
pumping in and out of her.  I played with her clit as she fucked
and fucked and fucked.  I was getting ready to come when I heard
Monica let out a small gasp of pleasure.  I rolled my head backward
and looked at her upside down.  She was sitting on the sofa, legs
spread apart.  She was squeezing one of her tits woth one hand and
fingering her pussy with the other.  All the excitement watching us
had made her hot again.
    "Lookin' good Monica!" I said. She just giggled.
    Tina got off my shaft which Lori immeadeatly took in her
mouth.  "Take over a while Mon" Tina said.  "I want to see if this
guy's tongue is as good as his dick!"
    "It is....beleive me it is!!!" Lori said as my rod popped out
of her mouth.
    Lori got up to make room for Tina. Monica came around and
squatted on my cock, taking the full length on the first plunge.
She was tight, hot, and wet.  Too much more of this and I was sure to
shoot my whole wad through the ceiling!  Lori came around and sat on
the sofa. Tina got on top of me, facing Lori instead of the 69.
She lowered her pussy to my lips and my face was lost in her black
wet bush.  Monica was watching me perform my magic on 
Tina's pussy.  The sight was making her fuck faster and faster.  I
reached one hand down to work on her clit as my other found it's way
up to one of Tina's tits.  She was bent forward and, again to my
suprise, was eating Lori's pussy!  We continued working on each
other for what seemed like an hour.  Monica, again, was the first
to come.  She arched her back and pumped my shaft faster and faster.
I felt her vaginal muscles tighten and she let out a squeal.  She
bent forward and, for a brief moment, our tongues worked together
on Tina's ass and pussy.
    Within a few seconds Tina was ready.  I gently nibbled and
pulled at her clit.  She began squirming and shaking and moaning
out loud.  The sounds got to Lori also because the two of them came
together almost at the same time.  
    Monica was still riding my cock and with all the excitement
I knew I was going to explode!  I let out a moan and mumbled out from
under Tina's bush "I'm coming!"
    Monica got the message cause she quickly jumped off, grabbed
my dick and started jacking me off.  Tina also got up in a hurry and
turned around.  She joined Monica and the two of them together broght
me to a climax like I never had before and have not had since!  Just
as I was ready to let loose with my first shot Tina moved her hand
and took my whole shaft in her mouth.  Monica kept jacking me off and
I shot the whole load right in Tina's mouth!  I let out a cry of ecstacy
that probably got the neighbors looking out thier windows!
    We all sat there quietly for a second or two.  Tina got up
and said she was going to the kitchen for a beer.  She grabbed her
clothes on the way out.  Monica, also got her clothes, stood up and
said she'd go too. Before she left the room, she bent down, gave me a
deep passionate kiss and said "Far out Romeo!"
    I too decided to ge up to stretch my legs.  Lori was still
sitting on the sofa, still very naked, looking slightly subdued.
    I still had a hard on so I walked over and knelt down in front
of her.  "Well kid....looks like it's just you and me". I said.
    "And what do you suppose we should do about it". She replied
as she opened her legs exposing her red hairy snatch.
    "I think I have some unfinished business" I quipped as I 
lowered my head and proceeded to lick her twat.  She, however, was
in no mood for niceties.  She pushed my head back and slid further
down on the sofa, spread her legs further and said "Put your dick
where your mouth is!". She reached her hand down and opened her pussy
lips exposing both clit and cunt.  I moved closer and put the head of
my cock in.  God was she tight!!! I worked it back and forth a few
times then gave her the full length in one hard thrust.  She responded
with a soft moan of pleasure.  I fucked her intensley for about five
minutes when Lori took my cock in her hand, pulled it out gently, and
moved it down a little.  "Go slow"  she said.  "Until it gets in".
    "Holy shit!!!" I thought to myself.  "I'm going to fuck her
in the ass!!!"
    Lori held my dick in place and I pushed forward a little.  It
seemed unwilling at first and I saw her bite her lip. She put my rod
back in her pussy for a few thrusts and it emerged wet and slippery.
Again she held it in place as I pushed.  This time the head slid in
without resistance.  "Oooooh....nice..." Lori said.  "Now...put it 
in a little more....slow...go slow".
    I pushed forward again, giving her half the length.  She took
my arms and pulled me toward her taking the entire cock inside her.
Soon I was reaming hes ass and loving every minute.  It was a felling
like I never had before.  Soon I was ready to come.  I told her and as
I was ready to pull out she grabbed me again and started thrusting
with me.  Soon I shot my whole wad inside her feeling her become
warm and wet around my cock.  She shivered with delight.
    We both got up and dressed.  I didn't wait for the ride
promised me earlier.  I needed the time on the walk home to think
about what happened tonight.  I still think about it often.  That
was without a doubt the best time I ever had!  To this day the guys
still think they shafted me.  I'll let them go on thinking they did!
    It'll be our secret....okay!!!
--
