Archive-name: Casual/sexysal.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sexy Sal


When I was single, about ten years ago, I dated an attractive slim waitress
from a sandwich shop that I visited often.  Sal was her name. She was divorced
for the thrid time and so was I, but only twice. I liked her naturalness and
openness...and her good figure, of course.  Sal invited me home to meet her
mom and her eleven year old daughter, Betty.  I liked Dora, her mom, and her
beautiful, blonde Betty.  Both greeted me warmly and seemed pleased that Sal
had brought a decent guy home.  We visited a while, and I got a nod from Sal.
I suggested that the two of us go for a walk in the cool evening air; and we
did...as though that was exactly what Sal had in mind.

     We found a nearly deserted underpass, really a walking tunnel, beneath the
interstate.  When we walked into its darkness, I felt Sal draw closer to me and
put her arm around my waist.  We were both not dressed for the evening's cool
temperature.  I drew her close to me, face to face, and held her close for a
minute.  We didn't have to talk.  We kissed gently, then frenched one
another's eager mouth.  Then we kissed long and passionately.  She pressed her
erect nipples against my shirt so that I could feel them.  I grew very hard
and hot.  It seemed that Sal did too. She rubbed her tits against me some more,
so I reached up under her silky blouse and fondled those hot, erect nipples
to my heart's content...but not my cock's!  She fondled my cock for a minute
or two and we realized that the tunnel would never do.  I said, Let's go to
my apartment...it may take a half hour, but it will be worth it."  Sal
agreed, and we rushed to my bed.  It was so wonderful, undressing each other
for the first time.  And Sal loved it when I sucked those erect nipples.  But I
wanted much more.

    I laid Sal back on my mattess on the floor and laid my head on her belly.
I looked up at those beautiful tits with their nipples pointing hotly at the
ceiling.  I fondled them between my fingers and kissed her silken belly.  When
Sal moaned with pleasure, I moved lower and kised her pussy, gently, while I
squeezed her hot nipples hard.  She moaned some more and spread her long sexy
legs.  I kissed her cunt as 'passionately as I had her mouth forty minutes
earlier.  I kissed her pussy until she "came".  She pulled me toward her face
...and I knew she wanted my hard, six inch dick in her cunt.  I kissed her
mouth and she licked her cum off my lips...eagerly.  I nearly shot my cum
into her right then...it felt so sexy having her eat her cum off my lips.
Sal thrust her hot hips up at me...over and over again...as I shoved my dick
into her sopping wet pussy.  She loved every stroke...and so did I.  As I
finally shot my hot jets of jissm into her cunt...she climaxed again with
noisy delight.  "OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.  Yessssssss!   Now, baby, she cried.
"I want all your cum...and I want to eat it too."  She meant what she said.
I lay back on the mattress, and Sal started licking me clean.  I was in heaven
until she said, "Oh my god, it's after ten.  I've got to get home to put
Betty in bed.  Please take me quickly.  We can do this kind of loving again
soon...I hope."  I hoped so too.  And we did, but that's a story for another
night.

--
