
                                    SFLY.TXT

Having recieved this story within a massive collection of odds and ends from a
user who'd collected stuff from alt.sex.stories I've modified the original text
as it was written heavily in the "first person."  Being no great writer myself
my attempts are only meant to make reading somewhat smoother.  Basically it
remains the same story with only sentence structure rearranged and spelling
errors corrected.

                                  SPANISH FLY
                                 Author Unknown

Waiting outside her middle-class suburbian home I couldn't help but think of
how beautiful she was.  Having first seen her outside her downtown office
building -- she's in her mid-twenties, with a ripe full figure, dark
Spanish/Indian complexion and long permed brown hair as many who are into the
Tejano scene did. Her ass was the first thing I noticed. It was perfect! Round,
firm, and nice full cheeks.  From the very first moment I saw her I knew I had
to have her.

Following her home a couple of times, it didn't take long to locate her house.
By this time I had her schedule down pretty well.  It was 8:45pm now.  She
usually arrived home around 9pm; followed by her husband at 9:30pm.  So this
was going to have to be quick.  It didn't matter though.  If her husband came
in the middle of it I'd handle him.  Nooooo problem whatsoever.

Waiting in my car for another twenty minutes till I saw her familiar 92' Acura
Legend pull up into the driveway and then going into the house before exiting
my vehicle and walking across the street to her bedroom window.

Having watched her twice before I knew she was preparing for her nightly
shower.  I could barely make out her dark body through the curtains inside
undressing.

Deciding to make my entrance when she had entered the bathroom I moved to the
back door -- quietly breaking a small panel of glass, I reached in and unlocked
the door.

I looked at my watch.  Damn, 9:15pm.  I'd have to deal with the hubbie after
all.  Walking across the living room to her closed bedroom door, I quietly
turned the knob and pushed it open.  Her bathroom door was shut so I decided to
have a seat on the bed and wait.

While waiting I removed my jacket and pulled out my .38, placing it on the
nightstand.  It was another 5 minutes before I heard the shower being water
shut off and her stepping out. I could hear her bumbling around the bathroom --
probably wrapping a towel around herself before she came out.

She opened the bathroom door. (I had been right she was wearing a large white
bath towel.)  Her dark brown Spanish hair was wet and draped down around her
back.  The way her skin glisten from the water was beautiful -- it was even
more beautiful the way she screamed as she caught a glimpse of me. Quickly
grabbing my gun and pointing it in her direction. I yelled, "Shut the fuck up
bitch!"  She quickly stopped screaming and just stood in the doorway with her
mouth open and her almond eyes wide with fear and shock.

"Get out of here my husband will be home any minute," she said in her light
Spanish accent.  I responded sarcasticly, "and...."   She tried to make a break
for the door but I was to fast -- grabbing her shoulders from the back and
throwing her onto the bed I quickly pinned her arms down and mounted her.

I asked, "you want to make this hard?"  She responded by squirming more, trying
to free her hands from my grip.  Taking this as a yes -- she screamed as I
slapped her none to gently across her chops.  "Shut the fuck up cunt." I yelled
back.

The clock on the nightstand read 9:27pm.  Great I thought to myself.  Quickly
forcing her onto her stomach I grabbed the rope from my jacket.  After quite an
effort, she was hog tied within a few minutes -- her hands and feet were tied
behind her back.  Using a sock from the dresser in the corner to gag her -- she
was now fairly immobile.

Mr. Romeo would soon be home.  As I waited by the back door I couldn't help but
get excited.  My plan was to tie the Gringo hubbie up and let him watch as I
raped his succulent wife.  It was going to be great.  I had just enough rope
left to accomplish this.  He was an older man anyway and it wouldn't be
difficult.  I heard his car pull and the door open and shut.  As he reached the
back door I saw him notice the broken glass.

"What the hell?" he yelled.  As her entered the living room I sprang from
behind the couch and tackled him from the back.  He was a weak old man and it
wasn't hard to tie his arms back.  Then I pulled his legs up and tied them to
his arms.  He was in the same positon as his wife by the time I was through. He
yelled, "what the fuck is going on?" I replied, "oh nothing just got something
you might be interested in watching."

Saying this I grabbed him by the collar of his sportcoat and dragged him into
the bedroom.  After seeing his lovely wife secured on the bed he started to go
nuts.  I got sick of his yelling and begging, so I gagged him and sat him in
the corner.

Having taken adquate care of Mr. Hero I was now able to focus my attention on
this magnificent creature bound on the bed.  It was now time to untie her hands
and feet and remove the gag.

She was intent on struggling with me so I rolled her over and pinned her arms
with my legs.  After smacking her across the face a couple of times she knew I
meant business.

Forcing my gun into her mouth -- I told her in the meanest tone I could muster,
"now quit fucking fighting me or I'm gonna' blow your pretty little head off."
She stopped squirming and relaxed her body.  I'd already removed the towel
earlier so now she was totally nude.  I dismounted her body and stood up
removing my clothes. She just looked over to her husband who was now yelling
and squirming more than ever.

What a sissy, I thought to myself. By the time I had undressed she had backed
her way to the bedpost and was huddled in a ball.  "Get over here bitch." I
said from the opposite side of the bed.

She unwillingly slid over and sat next to me.  I grabbed her hair and pulled
her head back. She let out a small wimper as I did this.  Placing a hard kiss
on her mouth and pushing my tounge inside, her husband's constant gagged
whining made it all that much more exciting as her hot mouth was probed by my
tongue for a time before moving down to her dark ample breasts.

Still holding her back with my hand I began to lick and suck her Spanish
nipples.  They were getting harder under my tounge and by now so was my exposed
cock.  Roughly pulling and tugging her nipples with my free hand, it was
difficult not to laugh at her groaning.

After her tits had been well worked over I moved my hand down to her hot cunt.
Quickly probing a finger inside it was surprising at just how hot she was. "Oh
so you like this huh bitch," I asked.

Shamed by her body's natural reaction, she grew very quiet after I said, "Guess
what lover boy? Your wife is enjoying this," I yelled in the direction of the
hubbie. Her hot Spanish cunt was on fire.  A slow deliberate finger fucking
forced her to let out a couple of light moans and after a minute or two she was
dripping wet.  Realizing she was struggling against her own emotions and not
wanting to be aroused, I then caressed her thighs.  Grabbing them roughly. My
hand moved back up to her stomach and I quickly whipped her around onto her
belly.

She was now laying across the bed flat on her stomach with her voluptous
Spanish ass open to my view.  I laid sideways beside her beginning to rub and
caress her back.  I loved her dark olive skin.  Moving further down until I had
a handful of her ass in my palm.

Her ass was gorgeous!  Probing a finger between the cheeks of her till I
reached her yearning hole.  After inserting a couple of fingers inside I
quickly noticed that her ass had been fucked before.  Damn I thought.  I wanted
to be the first to fuck her hot ass.

I asked, "so you've been fucked in the ass before... huh slut?"  She stuttered,
"ye..ye...yes."  I added, "what a whore."  I gave her ass a couple of hard
smacks before pulling her up onto her hands and knees.

My poor cock couldn't take it anymore.  I positoned myself behind her and began
rubbing the head of my cock up and down her well lubricated slit.  This made
her husband go nuts because he knew his sweet wife's cunt was on the verge of
recieving the pounding of a lifetime!  With a slight giggle and with one mighty
thrust my meat deep rammed into her hot cunt.

"Ahhhhh.." she yelped.  Then I pulled all the way back out and rammed it in
again.  Repeating this action several times more, each time enjoying the soft
yelps she couldn't help, I began to pick up pace and soon was pounding away at
her Spanish pussy.  Her cunt felt soooooo good!  Fairly tight and hot as hell!
I grabbed her around the waist and used my leverage to really dig my cock into
her.  She was getting my cock all the way inside her with every stroke.

Her ass started to clap with my increased pace. She was moaning softly and her
whole body began to shake.  Her husband had closed his eyes and attempted to
bury his head in the corner.

"Your wife is fucking great." I said trying to get a response out of him.  He
just sat there unresponsive.  I was beginning to sweat now and her cunt kept
getting wetter and wetter as I continued my assualt.  I started spanking her
ass while I pounded her, loving the way her hot Spanish ass jiggled under my
touch.  She was grunting more and more now.  This gave me added encouragment
and I started ramming her cunt harder and harder.

I reached underneath her body and started massaging her swaying tits.  I wanted
to taste her sweet breast again, so I dedcided to roll her over.  I quickly
pulled out and whipped her onto her back.  Then I re-entered her and continued
my assault on her steaming cunt. She was sweating heavily and her dark skin was
glistening underneath me.

I began kissing and sucking her neck, eventually making my way down to her
breast, which I sucked and licked for a while.  I looked at her face and could
see that she was trying not to enjoy this dick she was recieving.  My own
orgasm started to boil and I knew I'd soon dump a sizable load within her womb,
but I had to feel my cock deep inside her hot ass first.

Pulling out of her cunt and grabbing her ankles to pull them up over my
shoulders.  I licked my fingers and began to lube up her now exposed ass. After
a minute of lubing it was primed.  Placing the tip of my cock to her shit chute
and pushed my way inside.  It was so tight.  I got all the way inside her
before pausing a moment to enjoy it.  Then I began to slowly fuck her hot
Spanish ass.

Ordering her, "play with your cunt."  She placed a finger between her legs and
started to masterbate as I continued to ram her ass, enjoying the sound of my
balls smacking against her cheeks.

"You like this don't you bitch." I yelled.  She didn't respond, only closed her
eyes and let out a soft moan. "Your wife's ass if fucking hot." I voiced in the
direction of her husband.  I could still hear him yelling something under his
gag.  It was great.  I looked down and admired the way my cock was disapearing
into her hot Spanish ass, faster and faster as I grabbed ahold of her thick
thighs and continued to ream her shit chute out.

Looking down at her face it was obvious  she was enjoying this if only a
little. She had her eyes closed and cocked her head back.  It was apparent she
was holding back. She kept letting out these soft moans. Knowing she wanted to
scream and shout, but the situation wouldn't permit was more than I could bare.
I was going to blow.  Making a quick decision I pulled my girating cock out of
her ass and re-inserted it into her cunt. After a few pumps I began to shoot my
load into her hot hole.  Shooting wave after wave into her until my cock went
limp and slipped out I collapsed on top of her enjoying every moment of my
orgasm.

"Ummm.. you were great." I said pulling her head back. "Now you will clean me
off."  She let out a small wimper as I moved my cock into postion in front of
her mouth.  She gave my cock a good tounge bath until it had been wiped clean
of her own juices before I used her hair to clean my cock even more. She was
dripping with sweat and tears.

After I'd dismounted her and standing up to begin dressing she curled up into
the fetal position and started crying. "Oh whats wrong it wasn't good for you."
I said laughingly.

"How bout' you Joto, did you enjoy it lover boy?" I asked her trembling
husband.  He let out a few unintelligable curses while giving me a look of
total hatred.  I was worn out by then and it was getting late.

"Well you hot Spanish mamacita" I said sadisticly, "I gotta go now.  But trust
me will see each other real soon."  I reached over and gave her a light slap on
the ass.  Then I walked over to lover boy "Thanks for letting me ball your
wife, she's the best," I said laughing.  "I just hope shes not ovulating cause
I shot a huge load into her Spanish cunt." He made a febal attempt at attacking
me only to fall over and end up face down on the carpet.

I just laughed and gave him a light kick to the head before taking one more
peek at my freshly fucked victim and then taking a deep breath, I left the
room.  As I got in my car and drove off feeling an overwhelming sense of
accomplishment, I wondered when if ever I would pay them another visit.

                      REMEMBER FOLKS THIS IS JUST A STORY

