
From ddaily@digiforest.com Sat Jun 28 11:58:32 1997
Path: news.jb.com!news-out.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!news1.best.com!nntp2.ba.best.com!not-for-mail
From: Captain Swing <swing@xme.com>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Schoolgirl Rape #7
Date: Wed, 28 May 1997 21:44:42 -0700
Organization: xme
Lines: 301
Message-ID: <338D09B9.185A@xme.com>
Reply-To: swing@xme.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: minson.vip.best.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Mailer: Mozilla 3.0 (WinNT; I)

There are all kinds of ways to do it.  Sometimes you find a girl and you
plan forever until the right situation comes up, and then you can
finally get into her.  Other times one comes along at the right time and
the right place, and you just take advantage of the situation for an
easy score.  Like the story I’ll tell now.

I was with one of my kids, Amos.  Amos was just 12, but real big and
mean for his age.   Unlike most of my sons, his mom was black.   The
young black bitch - I forget her name - had come to me for crack and
couldn’t pay.  So I just took her pussy as payment, and Amos was the
result.     He may have been young at this time, but let me tell you he
was already plenty dangerous, just like his daddy.

One day we were out there behind the trees next to these railroad
tracks, smoking crack.  It was a nice quiet place where no one would
mess with us.  Suddenly,  we see this white girl coming walking along
the railroad  tracks.  She was in some catholic school uniform, sweater,
short plaid skirt, high cotton socks and black leather shoes.  Real
pretty, maybe 15 or 16, with long brown hair done up in ponytails.   She
was kind of small, and you couldn’t see her tits, because they were
hidden behind that dumb sweater.   But she sure had nice shapely legs,
full with good curves, and they looked mighty fine as they moved within
that short little skirt.   Her face was real pretty and innocent, with a
small nose and cute little chin.     She practically screamed "virgin
available" to an experienced stud like me.  I was carrying a full load,
and in no time at all my big black cock was throbbing with anticipation.

The girl was walking with a tall boy, probably from her school who was
escorting her across this lonely piece of track.    They were walking
hand in hand, and the girl was giggling and smiling, her eyes bright and
happy.

I could see Amos was itching for a fight, he was staring at the white
boy and muttering something.  He already hated white people, but was
probably too young to know that their girls were good for something
besides just beating up. As for me,  I was already imagining what I
would do to that cute young coed if I got half the chance.    I never
get tired of catching them, prying their legs apart, and forcing my life
into them.  All I had to do was get her boyfriend out of the way, and
then the coast would be clear for some serious schoolgirl screwing.  

"That white boy dis you Amos",. I said.  "Go talk sense to him".

Amos didn’t need any more prompting.  He ambled out of the bushes and
approached the boy and girl, cutting them off.  I stayed behind and
watched.  

It didn’t take long.  Amos shouted something at the boy, but the boy
tried to avoid him, putting a protective arm around his girlfriend.  I
could see the girl was frightened, and so was the boy. Amos followed
along shouting gang slogans, but the boy still wouldn’t fight him.  
Finally Amos wised up, and grabbed the boy’s girlfriend and pulled her
towards him.  She squealed and struggled in his arms, her shapely legs
kicking and twisting.  That’s my boy, I thought.  The dumbass white
boyfriend was still really afraid, I could see, but that was too much,
so  leaped to protect his girl.   In a moment Amos and he were mixing it
up.  Of course, in no time at all Amos had the boy down, and was beating
the shit out of him.   While this was helping I quietly came out of the
bushes and approached the girl.

The girl was screaming and running back and forth., watching her
boyfriend get beaten.  Her tight little ass wiggled in that skirt of
hers, as she ran one way and another on her little feet.   I liked the
way her thighs quivered when she ran, and how her ponytails bounced up
and down.  She was frightened but didn’t know what to do.   She didn’t
see me until I was right next to her.

She looked at me surprised, her big eyes lighting up with hope.  "Please
mister,  he’s beating Brian up, please help him!"

I didn’t say nothing, just looked the girl up and down.   She had a real
pretty face all right, although maybe a bit younger than I first
thought.  Her big eyes were hazel, and she had a few freckles on her
pink cheeks.  Tits didn’t appear to amount to much yet, but her thighs
and legs were already nice and full, and barely covered by that plaid
uniform skirt of hers.   Her ponytails were long and silky, and tied
back with blue ribbons.  When she opened her mouth a bit, I could see
she was had braces.  That really turned me on, for some damn reason.  I
wondered what a cock would feel like in that mouth of hers, and what it
would feel like to impregnate her body.

The girl got more and more nervous, the more I didn’t say anything and
just stared at her, undressing her with my eyes.  It must have begun to
dawn on the little bitch what I wanted to do to her.  Slowly she began
to shake, and then to back away.   Then she spun around and tried to
run.

I was ready for that and grabbed her easy, pressing her body against me.
She screamed and kicked and panted, and I could feel her little rump
grind against my prick.   That damn near made it explode, but I was able
to hold it in.  Laughing, I began to rub my lengthening manhood against
her, which made her frantic. She fought as hard as she could, which
wasn’t saying much.   I could hear her pantings and squealing, and I
could smell her perfume and feel the warmth of her tight body.   I bet
no man had ever held her before, and you could damn well be sure she had
never felt a prick rubbed against her before neither.  I began to drag
her towards the bushes.  Time to claim my reward.

"Brian, help! Help! Help me!", the schoolgirl kept screaming.   I looked
back and saw that her boyfriend was on his knees, blood dripping from
his face, watching me drag his girl off to her fate.   Amos was just
standing over him laughing.   When the boy tried to get up and help,
Amos kicked him real hard.   The boy groaned and rolled over, and Amos
began to beat him some more.

"Looks like the strongest stud is going to get the girl", I said to
her.  "I know you want the strongest seed, sugar."

The girl squirmed in my arms even more frantically.  She began to yelp
and scream, but this place was real isolated so I knew no one could
hear.  Her big eyes were filled with fright, and I could feel her body
shake next to mine.   Her ponytails bounced back and forth as I dragged
her into the bushes.  Soon we were hidden from view, just me and this
pretty young lady.

I turned her around and pressed her against me.  I liked the feel of her
tight breasts against me, and the soft warmth of her thighs.  There is
nothing like holding a young schoolgirl against you.  I ran my hand
through her hair.  It was soft and silky and smelled real nice.  Then I
grabbed her by the base of the ponytail and yanked her face up so I
could see it.  Her lips looked real inviting.  I leaned down and kissed
her long and hard.  She whimpered and closed her eyes, and I slid my
tongue into her mouth.   Her eyes opened in disgust and she tried to
push away from me, but that was just tough shit.   Besides, in a minute
there was going to be far worse than my tongue inside this youngster.

 I began to run my hand up her white thighs.  They were nice, soft and
warm.   She gasped as my hand went underneath her plaid skirt.   I
hooked her panties and begin to pull them down.   Meanwhile, my cock was
going wild inside my pants.   I reached down for my zipper and prepared
to unleash it.

"No! No!", the girl began crying hysterically, and tried to pull away.  
Instead she just  fell backwards, with me on top over her.   She cried
and wiggled underneath me, her young body squirming in the dirt.   I
finally got my zipper down and pulled my thick baby-maker out. You
should have seen the look on her face when it popped out into the light,
bouncing up and down, ready for action.   I was about ready to burst
right there, so I went to work on the girl like an animal, ripping her
clothes off.   In a second I had her panties off, which I tossed off
into the bushes.  I yanked her school sweater up until I got to her
bra.   After a second there was a snap as the bra gave way, and a nice
pair of girlish tits lay exposed underneath me.  They were real small
but were perfectly formed.  I sucked each one, then kneaded them like a
loaf of bread dough, and watched her nipples get harder.   I threw the
bra into the bushes as well, and started to pry her thighs apart as I
settled on her…

"Oh god, oh god", the girl cried.  "Help … help!".

I just smiled and pushed her flat into the dirt.   I  pried her thighs
apart inch by inch, and mounted her. In a moment she was under me,
crushed by weight.  Our noses were touching, and we stared into each
others eyes.  She was crying now, but wasn’t really fighting.   Her arms
were spread out, and her hands were in little fists.  Her pretty
ponytails, ribbons and all, lay stretched out in the dirt.   I just
grunted like a satisfied rutting pig and began to push my huge hungry
prick up between her thighs.   In a moment it was at her gate.  I could
feel its warmth.  My black snake began to nibble at it,  getting ready
for the final assault.

The girl quivered underneath me, her eyes wide, her mouth open in
terror, her braces looking damn sexy.    She didn’t say anything, just
stared at me, tears coming down her cheeks, as I got into the right
position … 

And then with one hard thrust I deflowered her.

Her body bucked convulsively and  she gave a short girlish yelp, but
that was it.   I never get tired of hearing the sound girls make when
they first get opened. 

My girl screwed her eyes shut and turned her ahead away.   She was
panting and crying, but it was clear that she wasn’t going to try to
stop me.    Truth be told, I think she was turned up by getting nailed
by a black stud.   This happens a lot, most young white girls dream of
getting screwed by a black man like me.   Maybe this schoolgirl’s brains
didn’t want me, but her young body sure did.   So I just took my time,
and casually penetrated her.  Inch by inch, I slowly inserted my manhood
into her.    Damn, she was warm, moist and tight.   In a minute I had
her fully impaled,  my baby-maker throbbing between her young shapely
hips.  I began to ball her.

"Oh … oh … oh .. oh", the girl panted as I moved in and out.   Her body
shook with  each thrust, and her small firm breasts bounced in time to
the rape.   My heavy, hairy balls banged against her deflowered pussy,
making a wet slapping sound.  I liked the feeling of being inside her
hips, the way she moved and squirmed with my prick inside.  It just
drove me crazy.  I kept thrusting deeper into her, until my cock was
curled up right behind her belly-button.   The girl just panted and
twisted on the business end of my cock, like a fish on a hook, as I
screwed her right into the ground.  Let me tell you, there is nothing
like that feeling, knowing you’re the first inside a young girl and that
in a moment you’re going to fill her with your seed.    Her eyes were
still closed, and her cute innocent face was stained with tears.    The
only sign of resistance was her little hands, which were still balled up
in fists   

I took my time and opened her up as deeply as I could, but after a
minute I just couldn’t stop the rush of sperm.  I felt it well up my
inside my balls and come storming down my cockshaft.  I held it to the
last second, and then exploded into my victim. 

 "Uh , aggg, uh, aggg….",  the girl moaned, as she felt my victorious
seed flow into her.  Slowly, her fists relaxed, as she surrendered to
her rape and the planting of my seed.  She opened her eyes and stared
directly at me.  Slowly, a creamy look filled those eyes as my semen
flowed into her.   I don’t know why that is, but generally girls open
their eyes when I finally come into them.   I always like that part,
that they watch me as I claim them, and that I can watch the effect of
my conquest.  Anyway, I just pumped it into her, hot and thick and
chunky.   I thought it would never stop, one creamy spurt after another,
between her soft cool thighs.    I must have injected a couple quarts
into her.  Finally, after one more deep thrust, I fired my last load and
collapsed on top of her.   

I lay there for a minute, my cock slowly receding from her conquered
body.  Then I pulled out of her and admired my handiwork.   God damn,
she looked pretty laying there in the dirt, her panties ripped off,
skirt coiled around her waste, her thighs stained with my potent
semen.    

Anyway, I grabbed her and put her back onto her feet.  She was still
sniveling, but did as she was told.  There wasn’t a bit of fight left in
this bitch now, she was completely fucked and obedient.   I grabbed her
hand and marched her out of the bushes.    Back to where Amos and the
white boy, Brian, fought.

Brian was against a tree, pretty well beaten up.  He wasn’t going
anywhere.  He stared at the girl and bowed his head.  I don’t blame
him,  it was fucking obvious what I had done to her.   Amos was standing
there drinking whiskey.  He smiled real broadly when he saw us, me and
this girl walking hand in hand.

"Looks like you made yourself a new girlfriend, Dad!", Amos crowed.  His
eyes traveled over her, looking at her ripped sweater,  her wrinkled
plaid skirt,  and her stained thighs.  I could see the girl was giving
him a hard-on.

I pushed my girl to her knees.  "Give my boy a blowjob", I ordered
her.   I wanted to give my boy his reward for allowing me to breed this
girl, plus I wanted to help along his education about white women.

Amos, as usual, didn’t need any prompting.  He was an eager student.  He
ambled up to the girl and pulled his zipper down.  After a minute of
fumbling, he pulled out a big throbbing black dick.   I have to say, my
boy is pretty well hung for someone his age.    The girl was sniveling
again, her head bowed.   

Amos grabbed one of the ribbons in her hair and untied it.  Laughing, he
then tied it around the base of his cock, making a nice bow.   I tell
you, Amos always did have a pretty sick sense of humor.   Then he boxed
the girl hard on the side of the head.

"Suck it dry, you little cunt", he snarled at her.     

The girl obediently raised her blonde head, her eyes starting straight
ahead at his balls, her little mouth wide open.   Guess my sperm was
really taking effect inside her, now she’d do anything.   Anyway, with
one smooth motion Amos stuffed his cock between her red lips.  It looked
fucking great, his ugly veined organ bulging out of her pretty face.  
The girl stared straight ahead, her eyes fixated on the black breeding
rod in her mouth, her red lips firmly wrapped around its base.   Wasting
no time, Amos  began to face-fuck her.

The girl thrashed a bit, but didn’t really fight it.   My boy’s black
prick punched in and out of her face, partly obscured by her flopping
hair.    Her pretty ribbon slapped against her face when he drove his
cock down her throat.   The only sound was my boy’s satisfied gruntings,
and the wet sucking noises from the girl.   Of course, being only 12, 
Amos didn’t have much experience making the girl really work for it.  
In just a few seconds he picked up the pace, his hairy balls slapping
against her face.  Then suddenly he grabbed her by the hair, holding her
mouth in place.  Everyone knew what was going to happen next;  me,
Brian, Amos and certainly the schoolgirl.    There was a short pause,
one final thrust of the cock down her throat, and then Amos fired his
load right into the girl’s brains.

"Ah shit, baby, yeh", Amos groaned, a big happy expression on his
face.    The girl slurped and swallowed, slurped and swallowed, her
little head vibrating on the business end of my boy’s prick.  Amos just
kept firing and firing, until sperm spurted out of her mouth.  Shit, I
almost expected it to come spurting out of her ears.  It went on and on,
until semen dripped down her chin and down onto her skirt.  Finally,
Amos pulled it.  Shouting gang slogans, he then did a little victory
moonwalk around the tree.   The girl simply collapsed  into a heap,  her
eyes glazed.  As for her boyfriend - her ex-boyfriend - he had crawled
off sometime during the forced blowjob.  Guess that was just too much to
watch.  

We heard a train coming, so I decided to leave.  Too bad, I wouldn’t
have minded having another go at that youngster.  I really wanted to
make sure I had impregnated her.   But I figured that enough was enough,
beside, there are always other young white girls, and it was likely my
baby was already sprouting in her belly anyway.

So we left.   Over a year later I saw the girl, and sure enough she had
black baby with her.   I didn’t get too close, but Amos told me later he
got a good look, and it was a spitting image of me.   So I gave Amos a
new half-brother that day after all, and Amos sure got a good education
in return.   Not bad for a day spent by the railroad tracks.

