Archive-name: Changes/shag-dog.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Shaggy Dog


    This is a brief forward to set the background for this
story.  I have noticed television shows lately that involve
humans changing into dogs.
     Disney did a recent update on the "Shaggy Dog" story
(you remember, teenage Wilby triggers a curse that turns him
into a sheepdog whenever anyone reads an inscription on a
ring).  Well, Wilby is now a lawyer in the 90's, newly
married, except his wife (Darla, since I couldn't remember
her name) doesn't know his canine past.  Well, some bad
people get control of the ring and Wilby begins to get furry
again.  Of course, being Disney, it all ends well.
However, I got to thinking about their marriage and Wilby's
problem and . . .
 
 
     It was the second week of their honeymoon and Darla was
still thrilled.  Despite the strange things that had happened
on their marriage day, Wilby had turned out to be as
wonderful as she dreamed.  Their first week was spent at the
Grand Canyon, and the second at a quiet little ski resort.
This was their first day at the resort, and they had their
own cabin with all the privacy they wanted.
     Sex was everything she had dreamed about (since this is
from a Disney movie, of COURSE they were both virgins!).
Wilby was so kind, and considerate - he was willing to do
anything to please her.  Darla smiled to himself at how much
Wilby seemed to enjoy "going down" on her.
     Earlier that day, the maid was cleaning the room Wilby
and Darla left at the Grand Canyon.  The maid found this neat
old ring with some kind of Latin inscription.  Since it was
too late in the day to give the ring to the manager, the maid
decided to keep it.  Her boy was taking Latin, and she was
curious about that inscription.
     She took it home and very early the next morning,
when her son woke up, she gave it to him to figure out.  He
puzzled over it, muttering quietly to himself.  A little
while later, he laughed and told her it was some kind of
curse.  It was supposedly made by the Borgias and said
something about dogs.  She laughed, and told him to read it
in Latin.  He did, making sure to sound very scary - they
both laughed about it and forgot about it.
     Well, about the time they were reading the inscription,
Wilby was starting to work on Darla.  They had just woke
up, and had ordered room service.  Darla was laying on the
bed looking at the ceiling with her legs dangling onto the
floor.  Perched between her legs was Wilby, licking his heart
(and her) out.
     As usual, whenever anyone read the inscription, Wilby
began changing into a large sheepdog.  However, he usually
did it so slowly that he didn't notice it until it was almost
completed.  This time, he was so caught up in what he was
doing, that he didn't notice it at all.  His eyes closed in
concentration, the only strange thing he noticed was how much
deeper he was licking this time, and how much more he could
taste his dear wife this time.
     For her part, Darla was in heaven.  Always before she
had loved it when Wilby licked her out.  This time, he was
amazing!  It felt like his tongue was two feet long.  She was
so caught up that she couldn't move from her position except
to wiggle her toes at the hot feelings.
     Finally, Darla began to come in an awesome explosion.
Wilby pulled back a little and opened his eyes to watch, but
didn't notice anything unusual right off.  Then he realized
he could see a lot more nose than usual.  He looked down and
was speechless - he wondered how long he had been like this.
     
Before Wilby could do anything, Darla recovered enough
to lean up and begin to thank him.  She opened her eyes, and
was about to speak when she focused on her canine husband.
She let out a quiet "peep", and just stared at her.
     Wilby looked as worried as a dog could possible look,
and was about to speak when . . .
 
     "AAARRRGGGHH!!"  Darla screamed, "I've been letting a
dog lick me out!  Willby!  Damn you, this isn't funny!
Come on out!".  She began screaming wildly about how horrible
it was, and waving her arms around.
 
     Taking it very calmly (after all, he had lots of
experience), Wilby thought to himself that she sounded a lot
like Lucy after being kissed by Snoopy - he wondered if she
would begin yelling about dog germs.
 
     "Darla!  Settle down - there's something I've been
meaning to tell you.  Uh, you know all that weird stuff
that happened the day we got married!  Well, it all started
back when I was a teenager. . . . . . . . "
 
     Maybe it was the calm, cool and factual way this was
presented to Darla.  Maybe it was because it was a dog being
calm and cool as he presented it to her.  Anyway, Darla
calmed down somewhat and began to relax.
     Calming down, she apologised "Oh, I sort of believed you
then, but it was just so. . . And tonight, to look up
expecting your husband to be there and to see a sheepdog.
Well, I . ."
     "I know, I know"
     "Well," getting up, she went to her purse, "it was in
here yesterday."  Looking around and finally dumping the
contents on the dresser, she couldn't find it.
     "Oh no!  I just remembered, I took it and was playing
with it - I must have left it out in our room and the
Canyon!"
     "Well, if that's the case, we can send for it tomorrow"
Darla was getting back to normal now and she calmly
continued, "but I don't know how we can get anyone to read
the inscription without telling them why."
     "Well, I really don't want to stay like this", Wilby
griped.  "But I guess you are right.  But let's get it here
as soon as we can!".
     They both sat there for a while, recovering.  After all,
they had both just gone from orgasms, to panic.
     Wilby began to whine, and it took Darla a minute to
realize that he was actually crying!  She couldn't help
herself - she ran over to him and sat beside him.  Not sure
of how to continue, she hugged his head to her breast and
began stroking him.
     "I know dear, I'm sorry for yelling.  I know you didn't
ask for this.  I do love you."  She began telling him, all
the while stroking his furry body like she used to rub the
dogs she had kept when she was a girl.
     Wilby began calming down under the rubbing she was
doing.  She kept on, and after a minute or two, Wilby began
feeling something strange he couldn't identify.  He lowered
his head, and quickly realized what he felt - it was the same
thing he felt when he was a man and Darla rubbed him like
that.
     Darla too was feeling something strange.  While petting
this dog that was her husband, Darla realized how strong and
powerful Wilby was as a sheepdog.  As her hands passed over
him, Darla felt the muscles play across his body.  He smelled
like fresh-cut hay, and she found herself thinking of how
much she enjoyed herself a few minutes ago.
     Thinking about that, Darla let her hand slip lower on
Wilby's belly.  She suddenly brushed against something that
felt real strange.  She looked down, and saw that Wilby the
dog had a hard-on!  Looking at it, she felt feelings racing
through her that she could hardly understand.  She realized
that she loved her husband no matter what he looked like.
(She also realized that as a dog, he had a much larger cock
than as a man).
     Wilby stiffened as Darla's rubbing had brushed across
his hard cock.  It immediately got harder and began to ache.
Wilby tried to get up, but Darla quickly wrapped her hand
around his cock.  He swung his head to look at her and saw
a big, evil grin on her face as she began to slowly jack him
off.  He struggled to say something, to tell her how wrong
this was.  Before he could say a word, she smiled and said
"My turn."
     Darla could hardly believe what she was doing as she
held Wilbys throbbing dog-cock.  It felt different from a
man's cock - it was much warmer and wetter.  His dog-cock had
some kind of a bulb close to the tip that seemed to be
swelling as she stroked it.  She looked up and into his large
brown eyes and said "My turn".  Then she bent over and licked
his cock like an ice cream cone.
     Darla couldn't believe the taste!  It was like the best
meal combined with the finest dessert in the world!  She
licked again, then began to gently suck on his cock.  Darla
could feel his body quiver, and he began to pant as her
tongue began twirling around the canine knob at the end of
his prick.
     Wilby was still in shock.  He had turned into a dog
while having sex with his wife and she didn't seem to care!
He realized that dogs must have a lot more senses than a man,
because Darla was about to make him explode with her tongue.
Wilby got his breath and jumped back as Darla paused for
breath.  "Darla!  I can't let you do this - I'm a dog,
damnit!  You don't have to do this."
     Darla looked at him, seeing not the dog, but her
husband.  "I don't care what you look like, Wilby.  I love
you and you excite me no matter what you are.  Just looking
at you, I can see that dog or not, you are excited by me.
I am still so horny, I'll do anything for satisfaction."
     Wilby knew she was right.  He could barely control
himself - now he knew why dogs always wanted to hump anything
that moved.
     Darla rolled over onto her stomach, then got onto all
fours.  Waving her ass in front of his muzzle, she looked
over a shoulder and said huskily, "Will you make love to me?
I can't stand it anymore!"
     That was all Wilby the dog could take.  He jumped onto
he back, in the classic position and began to hump at her.
Darla reached behind her and grabbed Wilby's cock, and guided
it into her body.
     "Ohh!  My God Wilby!  You're huge!" Darla wailed as the
immensely swollen cock-knob pressed against her lips.  Wilby
was past all reason, and growled mightily as he shoved his
dog-cock into Darla's shivering body.  Darla moaned as the
knob pushed its way into her and Wilby's cock sank deep into
her body.
     They stayed in that position for a moment, with the dog-
cock deep within Darla.  Darla shivered as Wilby's fur
 
 
tickled her back and his paws came to rest on her shoulders.
Wilby suddenly jerked back on Darla's shoulders as he shoved
his cock deep into her unresisting body.  Darla clamped her
muscles around his cock and was rewarded by a howl as Wilby
felt his prick grabbed as if by a giant hand.
     Then they began fucking in earnest.  Wilby was almost
totally lost in bestial lust.  Just enough of him remained to
make sure that his canine claws did not cut his beautiful
wife.  Darla really didn't care, she was just reveling in the
total abandon she was enjoying.  She was fucking a DOG and
loving it!  Even though that dog was her husband, Darla felt
chills running through her as she thought about how filthy
she had become.
     Darla was cumming almost continuously.  She was moaning
and shivering totally out of control.  Wilby was gone,
replaced by an animalistic fucking machine.  He would push
deep into her cunt and hold himself deep inside as Darla's
cunt-muscles clasped his cock-knob.  When she relaxed, Wilby
pulled out, only to push back in again.  Darla's back was
getting scratched by his claws, but she didn't care.
     Darla began to moan as she spasmed in a mind-blowing
orgasm.  Wilby lifted his muzzle in the air and howled as he
felt his dog-scum pour into her spasming cunt.  Darla was
amazed at the amount of cum that the dog-cock pumped into
her shivering body.
     Finally they stopped moving, with Wilby's dog-cock
buried deep within her body.  Darla moved around a moment
more, then totally relaxed - she had never felt so good in
her life.  Wilby was collapsed on top of her, stunned at the
sensations he had just experienced.
     Wilby felt great - his doggy balls were totally drained.
But he was horrified at the bestial lust that had taken him
completely by storm.  He suddenly felt ashamed at himself,
thinking that he had raped his wife.  He tried to withdraw,
only to be stopped short.  He tried again, uncertain of what
the problem was.  His moving woke Darla from her daze.  She
tried to pull forward off of his cock, only to drag him with
her!  They were stuck together like dogs fucking in an alley!
     "Wilby!  What's going on?  This isn't funny!  Let go of
me.", Darla said.
     Whining, Wilby gave a mighty tug backwards, suceeding
only in pulling Darla halfway off the bed.  "Darla, I .. I'm
sorry about all of this.  I couldn't control myself, and now
this ... please forgive me."
     "Wilby, I had a small part in this too.  But what's
happened?  Why can't we seperate?"
     "Uh, well . . . Have you ever seen two dogs mating?  Did
you ever notice what happened after they were finished?"
Wilby haltingly tried to explain.
     "Well, yes, I remember now - how long do they usually
stay together?"  Darla was feeling very dirty - she was no
better than a street mutt.  She was a bitch now, in more ways
than one.
     "I don't know," Wilby replied, "but maybe if we relaxed,
something would loosen and we could get apart."
     They might have managed it, but they forgot about the
breakfast they had ordered.  While they were fucking, they
had not heard the knock on the front door, or the sound of
the door opening as the maid came in.  Drawn by Wilby's howl,
the maid said nothing, but instead snuck to the door of their
bedroom.  When she saw them stuck together, and especially
when she heard Wilby talk, she was frozen in shock.  She was
shocked, not because of seeing a woman fucking a dog, but
because this was one of her hottest hidden fantasies.

--
