Sharyn

Sharyn kicked Richard.  She had no real reason for doing so,
except that she thought that she could get away with it and it
seemed like fun at the time.  Richard and Sharyn were both
fourteen years old and were in the same class.  Richard was a
quiet boy and, in Sharyn's opinion, rather a weed.  She knew
that he would never do anything back to her.  So she kicked
him.

Mrs Kingsley, the history teacher, saw it happen.  She rushed
over, grabbed Sharyn and asked her what she thought she was
doing.  

Sharyn said that Richard had been hitting her and that she had
just managed to break away.  She was a been a good little
liar!  Despite the boy's violent denials the teacher believed
her.  Her story seemed so much more likely than his.  Richard
was sent to the headmaster.

Again he protested his innocence, but again he was not
believed.  To Mr Howard it was a clear case of the bullying of
a girl.  There was only one appropriate penalty at his school
for boys who committed such an offence.  He walked over to a
cupboard and extracted a cane.

Richard was quiet, but he was no angel.  He had been sent to
the headmaster's office twice before, and been caned on both
occasions.  He had taken the punishments in his stride.  But
then he had known that he had broken the school rules.  This
time he was not the offender, he was the victim.

He had no choice.  He bent down over the headmaster's desk and
remained silent as Mr Howard lashed the cane down six times
across the seat of his tightly stretched grey trousers. 
Richard tried to imagine that it was not he who was bending
over the stool but Sharyn,  That the cane was whacking down
onto that bitch's school skirt.  But it was no help.  When he
stood up Richard was crying.  Not because of the pain,
although it had hurt more than either of his previous canings,
but because of the awful unfairness of his punishment and his
frustration in not being believed.

Richard could not stop the tears coming back several times
later on that school day - much to the delight of Sharyn who
mocked him as a cry-baby and confided to her friends the
clever trick she had played on him.  No-one else agreed with
her, but no-one said anything.

At home that evening Richard told his parents the truth about
his caning.  They believed him because they knew that he was
an honest boy.  When he'd been caned before he had told them
what he had done and admitted that he deserved it.  Mrs Rosen
did tell him that she was sure that he'd broken the school
rules often enough before and not been caught, but they were
both really angry that their son had been unfairly punished
and that Mr Howard had not believed what he had said.

Richard begged her not to but the next day his mother came in
to complain.  Sharyn was called to the headmaster's office and
eventually she had to admit that she'd been lying.  She still
seemed to think that she'd been clever, and she knew that she
had nothing to fear from Mr Howard.  Girls were not caned at
the school and their punishment was dealt with by Miss Robson,
the senior mistress.  Sharyn was a naughty girl and had often
been sent to Miss Robson.  She regarded a slippering from the
senior mistress, who was only allowed a maximum of four
whacks, as a joke rather than a punishment.

Mr Howard was very apologetic Richard's mother, but he
couldn't un-cane the boy!  He made it clear that he was very
angry with the naughty girl and assured Mrs Rosen that she
would be sent  to the senior mistress for punishment.  He
wrote out a note and told her to take it to Miss Robson in
afternoon break.  Then he sent for Richard and, in the
presence of his mother, he apologised to him for not taking
his word.

In break that afternoon  Sharyn knocked on the senior
mistress's door.

"Come in."

Sharyn entered and handed Miss Robson the note the headmaster
had given her.  The teacher read it and pursed her lips.

"Do you know what this says, Sharon?" she asked.

"It's Sharyn, miss," the girl replied sulkily.  Normally she
wouldn't answer teachers who called her 'Sharon' but in the
circumstances her sense of self- preservation kept her from
going too far.

"Well, do you?"

"Yes, miss," she said sulkily, "I've been sent to you for the
slipper."  Sharyn had not actually seen the note.  If she had,
she would have been more worried.  But she could guess that
the slipper figured in there somewhere.

"That's right, girl.  And if it was up to me you would be
getting  the cane!  Still, I'll try to give you something to
remember."

Saying this Miss Robson pulled open a drawer of her desk and
removed a large, black plimsoll.  In its time it had made
painful contact with a large number of female bottoms.  The
teacher walloped it down hard on the desk top.  The noise of
the impact was frighteningly loud in the small room.  

"I haven't tried before, girl, but this time I'll show you
what the slipper can do to a naughty girl's bottom!"

Sharyn still tried to look unconcerned, but actually she was
beginning to wonder if this might not be a more painful
experience than she had thought.

"Bend over my desk, girl!  Right over!  Hold on to the other
side!"

On previous occasions Sharyn had been slippered over the
teacher's knees.  She looked questioningly at Miss Robson but
didn't dare to argue as the senior mistress just looked at her
impassively.

The petite schoolgirl had to stretch out as far as possible
and just managed to grip the edge of the desk.  It was a very
uncomfortable position, her breasts were squashed against the
desk surface and the near edge bit into the tops of her legs.
Miss Robson took hold of the hem of  Sharyn's blue school
skirt and felt the girl squirm as she lifted it up and tucked
it under the waist band.  

She looked at Sharyn's plump bottom as it moved slightly from
side to side, awaiting its punishment.

"Sharon!  What colour are your panties?"

Sharyn was taken by surprise.  "Oh!  Pink, miss."

"Yes, pink.  And what colour should they be?"

"Blue, miss, " Sharyn conceded sadly.

"Very well.  I shall punish you for your breach of the school
uniform rules after I have dealt with you for your assault on
Rosen."

With that she raised the slipper high and brought it down as
hard as she could.  Normally she felt that the shame of having
to bend and have one's pantieed bottom exposed for a spanking
was a sufficient punishment to naughty girls and she merely
used the slipper to sting and not to hurt.  This time however
she was determined to show Sharyn just how much pain a
slippering could cause.  She raised the slipper and smashed it
down with all her might across Sharyn's pink panties.

WHAACKK!!

Sharyn hadn't expected it to hurt so much!  This was much
worse than last time. She gasped in pain and surprise - it had
really stung!  The naughty girl gritted her teeth, there were
only three more to go.

WHAACKK!!

The second whack arced down in quick succession.  It landed on
the same area as the first one and Sharyn certainly felt it.
Her head automatically swung up, sending her blonde hair
flying, and she only just managed to restrain a cry of pain. 
Her bottom felt so intensely sore that she could hardly bear
to remain bent over awaiting another two whacks.  She held on
to the desk grimly and tried to tense her bottom.

This time Mrs Robson paused for a while, watching Sharyn's
reddening bottom jiggling up and down before releasing another
expertly placed wallop.

WHAACKK!!

Sharyn let out a yelp and her body jerked in a spasm as the
new pain hit her.  Her eyes and mouth were tightly closed and
she gripped the desk top desperately.  Miss Robson regarded
Sharyn's quivering bottom impassively.  She knew that the girl
had felt the early part of her  punishment, but she still
believed that she was getting off lightly. The fourth whack
would be the hardest one of all.

WHAACKKK!!

This time Sharyn could not stop a sharp gasp of pain.  She
stayed bent over the desk, her legs kicking.  Mrs Robson
looked at her for a moment and then told her she could get up.

The senior mistress proceeded to give the naughty schoolgirl a
good talking to.  Sharyn desperately wanted to rub her
stinging rear, but she didn't want the teacher to know that
she'd got through to her.  But after a minute she gave way and
both hands went to her bottom to tenderly massage the painful
area.

"No rubbing, girl!" ordered Miss Robson.

Sharyn felt near to tears.  She forced them back down.  At
least she hadn't cried like Richard had done the day before. 
She was never going to admit to anyone that the slippering had
hurt.  She waited for Miss Robson's lecture to end.  But when
it did, there came a surprise.

"Right, Sharon.  Back down over the desk!"

"Oh no, miss.  Please, I've had the slipper!"

"That was for kicking Richard.  Now I intend to punish you for
wearing non-regulation panties!"

"Oh no, please.  Everybody does it.  Can't I have lines
instead?"

"You can have lines _as well_, but unless you get yourself
across my desk this minute you'll get extra for arguing.  Come
on, girl, NOW!"

Sharyn reluctantly returned to her uncomfortable position
draped across the senior mistress's desk.  As she leant over
she felt her blue skirt ride up and then felt the teacher's
hands once more lifting it out of the way to reveal her
stinging behind.

Miss Robson laid on the second four even harder, if anything,
than the first batch.  After each whack she paused until most
of Sharyn's involuntary writhings had subsided before
unleashing the next.  She paid special attention to the
delicate undercurves of the naughty girl's bottom, where the
skimpy pink panties gave no protection at all.  By the time
she had finished the exposed flesh of Sharyn's bum glowed a
bright pillar-box red.

Sharyn yelled loudly each time the plimsoll smacked into her
tender rear.  Her resolve to avoid tears went by the board
after her fifth whack, and by the time the eighth whack
walloped down she was sobbing like a baby.

Miss Robson placed the slipper back on the desk, by Sharyn's
head and told the weeping girl to stand.

Again Sharyn's hands went to the seat of her blue school skirt
to attempt to give some comfort to her poor bottom, but again
the senior mistress told her to take her hands away.  Sharyn
stood in the middle of the room, trying to sniff back her
tears.  The teacher walked over to the door and opened it.

Richard Rosen walked in.

Sharyn had hardly believed that she could feel worse, but she
did now.  Not only was Richard seeing her in her humiliating,
tearful state with her slippered bottom screaming out its
pain, but he must have been standing outside long enough to
hear her whole punishments, her yells and appeals for mercy. 
Now her whole class would know all the shameful details and
she would be a laughing-stock.  Miss Robson addressed Richard:

"As you can see I have punished Sharon Morton for her assault
on you.  I have also had occasion to administer a further
slippering for a non-related offence."  Miss Robson was
reluctant to use the word "panties" to Richard.  "She has yet
to be punished for causing you to be caned.  In the
circumstances the headmaster believes, and I agree, that it
would be appropriate for you to carry out this punishment. 
Four whacks with the slipper.  Sharon, back over my desk!"

Neither of the fourteen year olds could believe their ears. 
Richard had never dreamt of this.  He had guessed that he'd
been asked there so that Sharyn could apologise to him.  But
this was a whole lot better!  Richard's bottom had largely
recovered from its caning but it still throbbed in a constant
dull ache and he still had to be cautious in sitting down.  He
was in no mood to go lightly with Sharyn.

Poor Sharyn was totally mortified and stood stock still. 
"Now, Sharon!" snapped Miss Robson.

The teenager's earlier spanking had conditioned her to be more
obedient than was her wont.  Cursing the teacher, the
headmaster, Richard and the world in general under her breath
she bent over.  Her last hope was that Miss Robson would not
lift up her skirt this time, so that Richard would have to
spank her over her skirt.  But the senior mistress was in no
mood for leniency.  Sharyn squirmed and wriggled and wished
she could be swallowed in the earth as she felt her skirt
lifting up, revealing her red and swollen bottom.  Richard
stared, fascinated.

Miss Robson picked up the plimsoll and handed it to Richard.
"Four whacks, Richard, and make sure that she feels them!"

Richard was very familiar with the plimsoll as a punishment
implement, but only on the receiving side.  He had never
dreamt that he might be asked to slipper a girl of his own
age, especially one as attractive and sexy as Sharyn.

Richard gazed at Sharyn's beautiful, rounded bottom with its
flimsy pink covering. He felt his male member harden and he
wriggled embarrassedly, hoping Miss Robson hadn't noticed. 
Sharyn was weeping and moved her legs constantly, so that her
bottom constantly changed shape.  Richard was surprised to
realise that he was feeling sorry for the naughty girl. 
Determined to harden his heart, he cast his mind back to the
previous day, when it had been he who had been bending, trying
to cope with the biting strokes of Mr Howard's cane.  Thinking
of the pain in his own backside he smacked the slipper down
hard.

Sharyn responded by screaming out loud and jumping upright. 
It did her no good.  Miss Robson held her down for the last
three whacks of her punishment, which Richard administered
with considerable force, but little silence.  

Then the senior mistress loosed her hold on the girl, who
jerked upright like a released spring.  This time she did let
Sharyn rub her smarting rear.  She took the slipper from
Richard's sweaty hand, wryly noting his erection, which was
now too large to hide.

Then she made Sharyn apologise to Richard, which the girl did
tearfully and, apparently, genuinely.  Richard left the office
to go back to class, but Sharyn spent the rest of the
afternoon standing facing the wall, hands on head, with her
skirt still rolled up, her slippered bottom on display to all
visitors to Miss Robson's office.
