Archive-name: 3plus/sharon.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Suprising Sharon


    I'd promised a good friend that I'd check on his daughter while he and
his wife went to Tahoe for a skiing vacation.  Sharon, their daughter, was a
lovely 18 year old brunette who got her dark good looks from her mother.  I'd
often thought that she'd be sexually stimulating and fun, but I'd never gone
much beyond fantasizing about her.  Until now.
    My responsibility was simple.  Just check in with Sharon and make sure
that she wasn't throwing wild parties or getting into trouble while mom and dad
were away.  Sharon's mother actually told me that they weren't concerned if she
entertained friends, as long as they weren't getting "out of hand".  So, with
that in mind, I stopped by about mid-afternoon on Saturday.  The day was warm,
especially for a late November, even for California.  I pulled the car up in
front of the neighbor's house since there was a Toyota four-by-four in front
of Sharon's.  As I walked up to the front of the house, fumbling for the spare
key I'd been given, my thoughts were on being pleasant and making sure that
Sharon was behaving, as she'd promised her parents.  I stopped on the front
porch, debating if I should ring the bell first, or just go in.  Courtesy won
out, and I reached for the doorbell.
    A noise drew my attention to the window to my left, just at the edge of
the porch.  I knew this was Sharon's bedroom, nearest the front of the house,
and the noise sounded like soft moaning.  I slipped up to the window, quietly,
and peered through the small gap in the curtains.  Involutarily, I gasped, now
seeing Sharon lying completely naked on her bed, her legs around a young man's
hips as he repeatedly plunged in and out of her, Sharon's hands around his
neck, and her body arching up in raw orgasm.  I felt my own loins aroused as I
watched, the young man arching too, spurting his cum inside her, then he rested
himself on top of her, kissing her.
    I drew back from the window, and thought. It was almost 18 years ago that
I was her age, and I could remember passionate liasions with my girlfriends
while someone's parents were out, and I decided to at least give her a break.
I returned to my car, started it, then drove around the block, returning and
parking in the driveway.  I noisily got out of the car, and walked to the front
door and rang the doorbell.
    I waited for almost a minute before I rang again, and several seconds after
that second ring, Sharon answered the door, dressed and looking very presentable.
She smiled and asked me to "come on in", holding the door open wide.  Sharon's
boyfriend, Mitch came out of the bathroom and walked down the hall. He said
hello, and sat on the sofa, but I'd already noticed that his crotch was still
a showing a bulge.  I talked to Sharon, asking her what her plans were for the
weekend and such, making it obvious that I wouldn't be too much of a pain for
her.  Mitch was watching a basketball game, so I asked Sharon into the kitchen.
    "Next time," I began, "be sure your curtains are closed dear."
    Sharon gave me a quizzical look, and I told her that I'd actually seen a
bit of her "goings on" through the parted drapes.
    "...and while I'm not worried about it, it wouldn't do for your parents or
a snoopy neighbor to catch you." I finished.
    Sharon blushed and then smiled, realizing that I was treating her as an
adult, and with honesty.  "Okay." She said quietly, looking down, embarrassed.
I'm sure she glanced at my crotch while looking down, seeing my semi-erection.
We returned to the living room and chatted a bit before I left to finish my
weekend errands.
    About ten o'clock, I had to run to the store, so I made a quick detour to
check on Sharon.  The Toyota was now in the driveway, and I stopped quietly and
went to the door.  This time the drapes were fully closed, and I could hear no
noises inside.  I figured that my voyuerism was finished for the night, and was
just turning to leave the porch when I saw the light go on in the kitchen.  The
window was near the right corner of the house, and I stayed in the shadow of
the porch, rather than be seen.  Glancing around the edges of the window drapes
I looked inside.  Instant erection!  Sharon was standing by the refrigerator,
naked, pouring a glass of water.  Her beautiful, naturally brown breasts showed
clearly her boyfriend's sperm, running down her front.  Her large, dark nipples
were glistening with his cum, and there seemed to be some on her cheek too.
Sharon finished her water, poured some more and left, turning off the light.
My heart was pounding as I stumbled off the porch and returned to my car. Head
reeling from the sight of her beautiful naked body, and the evidence of her
most recent activities.
    I returned home, and just about midnight, called her.  She answered the
phone and I asked if she was okay, and she said she was just fine.  We talked
a bit, and I ended our chat by telling her that I'd stop by tomorrow afternoon.
She said that was fine and hung up.  I didn't get much sleep that night, think-
ing of her young, beautiful body next to mine. Then, I figured that I was being
silly and fell asleep.
    The next afternoon when I stopped by, Sharon was wearing a tight fitting
exercise top, covered by a loose sweater, and a pair of jeans.  We talked a bit
and then she caught me off-guard.
    "Have you ever eaten a girl's pussy?" She said, then blushed as if she
couldn't believe she'd said that.  She watched my reaction closely, while I
stammered and tried to recover gracefully.
    "Uh...err...ahh. Yes, many times." I finally said.
    "Is it...I mean....does she...umm...is it something you like?" She asked.
    "I've never had any complaints." I said. "And yes, I like it very much."
    Sharon almost wriggled in delight.  I asked her why she wanted to know.
    "Mitch won't do it for me." She said, "He thinks it's too weird."
    "Poor guy." I replied. "But I'll bet he thinks you should go down on him!"
    "Well, sure." Sharon replied. She thought about it then, and realized that
her boyfriend was a bit insistent on her giving him head, but wanted no part in
returning the favor.
    "Do you like to do that?" I asked her. Now it was my turn to watch her
reaction.  Sharon blushed again, and stammered out her answer.
    "Well...um...yeah...I do."
    I asked her why and what she liked about it.
    "It...umm...sort of seems like I have this power...a hold...over him when
I do that.  Makes me feel like I'm in control."
    "That's natural." I said. "Because it's true."
    "What's it like?" She asked. Her change of subject caught me and I asked
her "what is WHAT like?" since she was being vague (to me). "Eating a girl's
pussy. What's it like?"
    That is something difficult to describe to someone who's never done that
before.  "Well, it is exciting." I began, collecting my thoughts. "Like anything
sexual, it involves touching her warm body, and in a very sensitive area. I like
to move around and watch her reactions. Caress her intimately with my tounge and
see and feel her arousal."
    "Hmmmm. But what does it taste like?" Sharon queried.
    "It varies from woman to woman." I said. "Mostly, it is warm, slick and
wonderfully exciting.  I don't notice the taste as much as her approaching her
climax."
    Sharon was sitting at the other end of the sofa, her legs curled under her
and leaning forward, listening to me.  She swallowed before she asked the next
question.
    "Have you ever made a girl come that way?" She asked, her eyes wide.
    "All the time." I said. "I enjoy that."
    Sharon sat there, looking at me, and I could see that she was aroused by
our conversation. She was trying to ask me to suck her pussy, without coming
right out and asking me.
    "Haven't you ever tasted yourself?" I asked.
    Sharon nodded, but said that she'd thought it wasn't right so she stopped.
    "Did it arouse you though?"
    "Yes. It did. Quite a lot actually."
    "Would you like me to make you come with my tounge?" I finally asked her.
    Sharon looked at me for all of two seconds. "Ohhhh yes!"  she almost yelled
and moved closer to me. "Would you?"
    My fantasy was coming true, but as much as I wanted to rush, I also wanted
to savor this enthusiastic young woman.
    "Stand up." I told her.  Once standing I told her to remove her sweater.
She did, and the elastic exercise top showed her erect nipples pressing hard
against the fabric.  The black material made her naturally tan skin look even
darker, smoother. "Now, remove your top too."
    Sharon did, releasing her C-cup breasts.  As she tossed the top on the
sofa, her tits jiggled nicely, the large dark nipples crinkled up and hard.
"Are your nipples sensitive?" I asked her.
    "Oh yeah!" She said.  I told her to touch them, and show me how she liked
them touched and played with.  Sharon slowly complied and began rolling them
between her thumbs and forefingers, pulling on them slightly.
    "Take off your pants and underwear." I instructed her.
    Sharon removed the last of her clothes quickly, and stood before me naked.
Her slim hips and firm thighs were delightful.  Her flat, trim stomach was both
sexy and mouthwatering.  I stood and took her hand, leading her to her bedroom.
I told her to sit on the bed and then I began undressing in front of her.
    "Lay back and watch." I said. "I want you to show me how you get yourself
hot while I undress."  Sharon balked a bit, and I told her that it would make
this even better if I could see what she liked.  Sharon propped herself up on
the pillows and began to rub her pussy, one hand pulling her nipple.
    I undressed slowly, unbuttoning my shirt, button by button as I watched.
My shoes and socks went next, and I removed my jeans, folding them and laying
them over a chair.  Sharon's eyes were on the bulge in my breifs, and I could
see her finger disappearing easily into her love tunnel.  I removed my t-shirt
and then stopped, watching her.
    "Sit up over here." I said, indicating the bedside just in front of me.
Sharon moved over, and I took her hand, the one that she'd been finger-fucking
herself with, and licked her fingers off, tasting her sweet juice.  When I
licked the palm of her hand, Sharon leaned forward, pressing her mouth to my
shorts and kissing my shaft through the fabric.
    "I want you to take them off." I said.  Sharon grabbed the waistband and
pulled down, sliding them over my hard cock and letting it spring free.  She
gasped as it stood back up, the tip brushing her face.
    "Ohhh God!" She said gleefully, looking at my full 7 inches. Her mouth was
surrounding it before I could say anything, and she began to suck me into her
eager mouth.  I'm quite big around, so she had trouble taking it all, but she
managed more than half of it.  To say she enjoyed sucking my cock would not do
her justice.  She loved it!  She was licking it all over, even licking my balls
and sucking them into her mouth.
    "Careful." I said. "Unless you want a drink."
    This seemed to spur her into high gear, and Sharon sucked me while she also
stroked me with her hand.  Sharon pulled my hips to her face and made me fuck
her mouth, and she was moaning while she sucked, sending vibrations down my cock
and deep inside of me.  I came seconds later.  Sharon gulped my cum down loudly,
keeping me in her mouth.  She sucked and milked me dry, licking my cock off with
lovingly long laps from her tounge, and finally kissed each of my balls before
she smiled up at me.
    "Ohhhh! Thank you!" I said. "Now it's my turn to please you."
    Sharon moved back to the pillows and spread her legs.  I was tempted to
dive into her dark, curly brown hairs, but instead, I began with her nipples.
I sucked her tits, using my tounge to circle her nipples and tease her large
areaole, biting softly and tugging on them.  Sharon squirmed and moaned as I
did, and my hands lightly explored her lithe form.  I licked down between and
then under, her breasts, teasing their undersides.  My tounge traced down her
side, then up her stomach and down the other side, my hands roaming all over her
luscious thighs.  I licked the insides of her thighs, working slowly up one,
then the other.  I kissed and tounged all around her legs and pussy, staying
clear of her labia and clitoris.  Sharon's breathing was heavy and her hips were
rocking up and down to meet my lips as they explored her wonderful delights.
    I moved up and kissed her passionately, getting her fiery tounge shoved
into my mouth in return.  I kissed her neck and ears, licking and kissing her
shoulders before returning to her yearning, lower body.  I slid my hand under
her ass, and I could feel her juices running down her cheeks.  I decided that I
wanted to bury my face between her thighs right now!  I reached up and spread
her legs wide, and then bent down. My tounge started at her entrance, and I
rimmed it with a stiff tounge, making her gasp. I flicked it around then slowly
slid up, parting her slick labia, until I found her erect, pink clit.  I took
her clit between my lips and sucked it, flicking my tounge rapidly over it.
    "Ohhhh!! Unnnnngghhhh!" Sharon moaned loudly, arching her hips off the bed
and pressing against me.
    I pulled her clit into my mouth and ran my hot tounge all around it, then
released it and chased it in circles some more.  Sharon began bucking her hips
and trying to mash her cunt against my face.  I lowered myself to suck and lick
her opening again, and even between her cunt and asshole. Sharon was openly
panting and ready to orgasm.  I slid up to her clit again, and slid a finger in
her pussy, then a second, splaying them wide.  The combination of my tounge on
her sensitive clit, and my fingers pressing and spreading her wide, made Sharon
moan, then go rigid in orgasm.
    Her juices were all over my face, hand and her ass.  Some had even made
the bed damp.  Now, in her orgasm, her beautiful, trim legs locked around my
ears, her body shaking, she released even more of her cream on my hand and chin.
Sharon shuddered and then relaxed, still moving her hips.  I flicked my tounge
over her clit again, and she jumped.  I slid down and sucked her opening, tasting
her creamy juice and then sucked her labia into my mouth.  Sharon was so very
sensitive that she came again, without her clit touched.  I held her cuntlips
in my mouth, then pulled on them lightly.  Sharon cried out a loud moan and
arched her hips up.  I felt something gush against my chin and neck, then felt
her warm wetness on my skin.
    Sharon's spasming cunt had squirted her cunt-juice against me and I felt
like I would come too! She rocked and held my face to her pussy, rubbing herself
against my face, grinding her clit to my lips.  She finally calmed down and
then she let go, allowing me to sit up.
    "Well." I said after a long silence. "Was it what you expected?"
    "Oh...Jeeezus!...God...That was...incredible!" Sharon panted.
    I stroked her thighs tenderly, and kissed her mons softly.  Sharon floated
on her post-orgasmic cloud, smiling happily.  I decided that she (and I) de-
served more.  I moved up and lay next to her looking at her beautiful blue-grey
eyes.  I was about to suggest she straddle my face when she leaned over and
kissed me passionately, licking her own juices from my face.
    "Ummmm. Now I see why you like it." She said, licking some of her own cum
from my chin.  "It's so sexy feeling on your tounge."
    I suggested that she straddle my face so she could better control her own
orgasm, and she readily agreed.  Her long, lean legs on either side of my head
and her beautiful, slim ass and pussy hovering over my mouth was a dream come
true.  I sucked her, licked her, and drank her sweet juices until she'd come
twice more.  Sharon was purring against my chest as we cuddled up and rested.
    It was about twenty minutes later and we took turns going to the bathroom,
and when she finished, I went.  I returned to her on the bed, smiling and saying
that she was going to suprise me now.  I wondered how she was going to suprise
me when she pulled me into the bed and began a wonderful sixty-nine.  Sharon
sucked me, and I sucked her.  I was enjoying her tremendous mouth on me, and
her tounge, when Sharon tensed and closed her thighs around my head and shook
for a few seconds.  "What the...??" I thought, her actions much to short for an
orgasm.  I discovered that this was only a ruse, to cover something else.
    Sharon was sucking me into her mouth, then she raise up and off of me. I
heard her ask me to make her come again, then my cock was enveloped in her warm
wet mouth again.  I circled her clit, feeling her hips moving in a sensual and
swaying motion.  My cock was about halfway in her mouth, when I heard her talk
clearly and distinctly.
    "Make me come! Eat me and make me come!" She said.
    It took me several seconds to realize that my cock was being sucked and
she was talking clearly -- something impossible!  Sharon sensed my need to see
what was going on, and she ground her cunt against my mouth even harder, working
her hips back and forth, faster and faster.   I slid three fingers into her
slick tunnel and spread them, and licked her clit as it slipped by.  Sharon came
with satisfying groans and shudders, finally stopping with her dripping wet cunt
against my mouth.  My cock was still being devoured, and it felt extremely good,
but with Sharon in the way, I couldn't see who it was.   Sharon slid off of me,
and I looked down, and much to my suprise, saw her best friend, Kelly, sucking
me.
    "Suprised?" Sharon asked.
    I was too stunned to reply, and Kelly looked up at me and smiled, showing
me her large, hanging breasts, before resuming her task. I looked to Sharon for
an explanation.
    "I hope you're not mad." She started. "But Kelly's never had her pussy
eaten either, and I couldn't let you get away before she had her chance."
    As dark, lean, and sexy as Sharon was, Kelly made a nice contrast.  Kelly
was fair, dusky-blonde, blue eyed, with very large breasts, and just enough
extra padding to be sexy without being heavy.  Sharon sat back while I invited
Kelly to take Sharon's place, astride my face.
    Kelly lowered her very wet pussy to my face, and her musky fragrance was
very different from Sharon's almost delicate one.  Kelly moaned when my tounge
found her labia, and I sucked them right away.  My hands slid up her front to
cup and fondle her tits, and she started rubbing her cunt against my face. I
let her move, using my tounge to flick her clit and probe her delicate areas.
I slid my fingers in her and spread them, trying to probe for her "G" spot, if
it really existed.  Kelly came with a loud moaning "I'm Commmmmminnnnnggg!",
and she literally sat on my face and ground her pussy against me.  My hand was
against my forehead when she stopped coming, and then slid down, laying with
her big breasts against my rigid cock.  My fingers left her pussy with a very
wet sound.
    Sharon leaned over, looking down at me and smiling.  She lowered her face.
    "You, sir, are a wet mess." She said softly, then kissed me.  Sharon licked
up some of Kelly's cream and tasted it, then proceeded to kiss me and lick my
face clean of her cum.  She sat back, looking pleased with herself, surveying
the scene.  From where I was, I thought I'd died and gone to heaven!
    Kelly rolled off of me, and lay on my right, Sharon kneeling on my left.
    "That was great!" Kelly said, stroking my rigid shaft.
    "He tastes good too." Sharon said to her.
    "Oh yeah?" Kelly said, looking up at me impishly.
    "Now ladies." I said, grinning like an idiot. "Let's not wear out the nice
equipment too soon."
    Sharon kissed me again, and she blushed when Kelly bluntly asked, "Well?
How does my pussy taste Sharon?"
    Sharon didn't know what to say at first, then blurted out "Sexy. It makes
me feel hot."
    Kelly smiled and then told Sharon to mount my stiff rod, which she did with
joy.  Sharon's pussy was tight, fitting around me like a glove.
    "Ooooo! That feels soooo thick!" Sharon moaned as she lowered herself down.
We proceeded to rock back and forth, in and out for a while, moving faster each
stroke. Sharon leaned over and kissed me, and I squeezed her tits, pinching her
nipples hard for her.
    Suddenly, Kelly pulled me out of Sharon, and I felt her suck me into her
warm mouth.  She sucked a couple of strokes and put me back into Sharon's pussy,
where we resumed our wonderful rhythm.
    "Well Kel?  How does my cunt taste?" Sharon asked lustily.
    "Hmmmmm. Pretty good actually." Kelly told her.
    "Kelly, instead of watching," I said, "you could come up here and let me
eat your pussy again."
    For the next few minutes, I sucked Kelly and fucked Sharon.  My hands went
over both their bodies, and I could feel Kelly's tits bouncing as she rocked
her hips against my face.  The girls decided to switch, and Sharon sat on my
eager tounge while Kelly rammed her cunt up and down on my stiff cock.  Sharon
was close to orgasm, and so was I.  I reached up to squeeze Sharon's luscious
tits and found Kelly's hands already there.  I found Sharon's on hers and heard
them both moaning above me.  That drew me over the edge and I arched up, shoving
my cock deep into Kelly, making her gasp.  I came long and hard, spurting and
spurting my thick cream into her waiting cunt.  No sooner than I had relaxed,
than I felt Kelly leaning back and Sharon pull me out of her friend's pussy.
I resumed sucking Sharon, and realized that she was sucking Kelly's cunt, and
licking my cock.  She was using my cock like a spoon, running it up Kelly's
cum-drenched slit and then licking me off.  Kelly was moaning and rocking her
hips up and down.  Sharon leaned forward and made sucking noises, just before
Kelly came.  I could feel her pussy squeezing out my cum and hers, most of it
running down onto my balls.  Sharon was eagerly licking us both.
    I raised my head and shoved my tounge into Sharon's hot pussy, and she
moaned.  I reached down and grabbed her tits, pulling her nipples hard.  Sharon
groaned and came, her spasming pussy forcing thick white cream from her entrance
like a flowing river.  She shook and shuddered, her legs drawing together around
my head, until she stopped.
    We all layed back, sweating and exhausted.  My jaws ached from this little
adventure, as did my neck.  Kelly moved up and kissed me, licking some of Sharon's
juices from my lips and chin.  Then without a word, she slid across me and she
began sucking Sharon's cunt directly.  Sharon came very quickly, then she had
to rest, her pussy much too sensitive to touch.
    We kept this up, taking turns orally satisfying each other until late into
the evening.  When Kelly finally went home, both girls had eaten each other out
several times, and I'd come in both their mouths and cunts.  I had to leave,
and Sharon and I showered before I did.  I enjoyed her open attitude towards
sex, and her enthusiasm.  I left, and the following day, her parents returned
home.  I was called at work by her mother, who said I must have done a very
good job, as Sharon said that she hadn't had any problems with my chaperoning!
Sharon called a bit later, and told me privately that she was trying to get her
parents to take another, longer, ski trip just after Christmas.  What a way to
end a year!

--
