"Share and Share a Wife"

Every other Wednesday my friend Dave from across the street and a few other
guys play poker at his house while his wife visits her mother. We get a couple
cases of beer and light up cigars and do everything you would expect from a
poker game with a bunch of married guys.  After a few brews the talk gets
pretty loose. Mostly we talk about the number one subject with all of us: sex
and how to get more of it.  There's a beautiful blond babe who just moved in
down the block. Everyone's seen her at one time or another, and she's a hot topic
of conversation. Sometimes she's out in the front of her house washing her car
in a pair of sexy shorts, the water splashing her tight T-shirt. Sometimes she
sits out and sunbathes wearing only a teensy bikini. Of course, none of us are
going to get within talking distance of this babe, she's got some heavy-metal
boyfriend with a gun in his truck or something, whatever those longhairs carry.
We talk about getting it from our wives, and its funny how each of us has the
same story to tell. They do it the same way, at the same time, in the same
positions, and then only sometimes, when they feel like it. You know the
problem. But there'd be hell to pay if any of us ever got caught with a babe on
the side, and divorces are too expensive. One time the game broke up at the
usual time, but since my own wife was out of town, I stayed at Dave's for a
while and shot the breeze. Now, Dave and I could pass as twin brothers. We are
exactly the same height and weight. We even have the same shoe size. Anyone
would have to take a second look to tell us apart. Even my wife has mistaken
Dave for me on a few occasions.  Well, we were drinking brews and were on the
far side of sober. We got to talking about fucking each others wives - just
drunken stuff. But it wasn't a joke. We were serious. It was around three
o'clock in the morning, and both our wives were expected home around five. When
they got in this late, they usually just fell into bed right away, without even
bothering to unpack their bags. Dave suggested, kind of lightheartedly, that I
slip into his bed and pretend I was him when his wife came home - just as a
joke. I said maybe I'd wait to let her in on it until I'd fucked her. He took it
seriously and said he wouldn't mind one bit - that is, as long as I wouldn't
mind if he could go to my house and do the same thing to my wife. Dave's wife
and my wife aren't at all alike. Neither one of them is fat though. My wife has
dark hair, and big tits. She's got a big, plush ass and a tiny waist. In
contrast, Dave's wife is blond and has little tits and a little ass. I started
to think how far my cock could travel into her little body. With my own wife I
sometimes have the feeling I'm lost. And my cock is as big as anybody's.  Dave
felt the opposite. He told me he'd been checking out my wife for a long time,
wondering what it would be like to fuck a woman with such a fine ass and big
tits.  We couldn't resist carrying out the plan. We were drunk enough to do a
million stupider things. Sure enough, we split up. I stayed at Dave's, and he
went over to my house. I gave him the key and was clearheaded enough to remind
him that I slept on the left side of the bed. I didn't want him to start off
with a suspicious spouse on his hands. He told me that he slept on the left
side, too. I waited around in the kitchen until I heard the sound of Dave's
wife's car pulling into the driveway. Then I hot footed it into the bed,
stripped off all my clothes and crawled beneath the covers. I heard the front
door open, and I heard her cursing the mess in the living room. Before I knew
it, the door to the bedroom opened, and the light switched on. Luckily, my head
was hidden under the pillow. "Why the hell didn't you clean up the mess in there
Dave?" she asked.  I didn't make a move, but I did make a little snoring sound,
pretending to be asleep. She sighed and turned off the light. In the darkness I
could hear her taking off her clothes, and quick as a wink I had a raging
hard-on. Liquor never has any influence on my cock. It only screws up my head.
I held my breath as she crawled into bed. I felt her naked shoulder against my
arm. We lay there motionless for a few minutes. Finally her breathing became
regular and relaxed - my cue. I reached my arm over her shoulder and took one of
her pert little tits in my hand. She mumbled something but didn't move out of th
e way. Her nipple became hard even though she was supposedly asleep. I leaned
over and put it in my mouth. "Dave," she said sleepily. "Honey..." I had her
completely fooled. There was no way she didn't think I was her husband. Except
that I think I've got a longer cock than Dave has, because when I rubbed it
against her stomach, she kind of sprang to life. She must have thought she was
dreaming or that her dreams had finally some true, because she made sure my cock
was in her cunt without me having anything to do with it. "Dave," she moaned
sleepily. I didn't dare make a sound, but I made pretty sure that no words were
necessary. "It feels so good," she whispered softly as she squirmed with
pleasure. Damn, she was tight! But I managed to get all the way inside her, and
I enjoyed the feeling of her tight pussy around my hard cock. I fucked her good
and slow and even had the nerve to french kiss her. At any moment I though she
would catch on to the deception. I didn't know what would tip her off, having no
idea what Dave liked to do in bed. All the while I imagined Dave fucking my wife
in bed at home. Had he made out all right? I wondered. I also wondered if my
wife would miss those extra inches. I prayed that Dave could make up for it with
technique. I got every bit of possible pleasure out of fucking his wife. When
at last I came, that was all it took, and she came too. Then she fell asleep,
and I snuck out of there. I met dave on the way back to the house. Things had
gone great for him too. No one was any the wiser. It had turned out to be one
lucky wife-swap. In fact my wife actually seems to be a little more interested
in sex these days. Maybe when were drunk enough, well try it again. There's
always next weeks poker game.
