
The water is cold in the early summer in Long Island, NY.  I shiver as I wade 
up to my belly.  In one quick movement I dive in, touch the sandy ocean bottom 
and come up.   I turn over on my back and begin swimming.  As my arms circle 
backwards ripples of water wash over my bare breasts.  A sea breeze chills me, 
sending gooseflesh over my legs and hardening my nipples.  I look up and see 
the stars of the evening sky are slightly obscured by wispy grey clouds.  The
moon, however, is full and sheds highlights on the water. 

I swim more vigorously and then stop, about 150 yards out, to catch my breath
before heading back.  I stop my backstroke and lie still, floating, feeling 
warm from the swim.  The depth of the water below me is probably a little over
40 feet.  I let my legs drop deeper and I start to tread water.  My left
calf has begun to knot up so I kick harder with it to shake it out.  I pause
my lopsided tread and as I do I feel a disturbance in the water farther out 
from me as if a small boat was passing by silently under water.  A tingle runs 
up my spine and I turn to look towards the beach, paddling my arms softly, 
keeping my legs still.  I feel the strange movement of the water again.  

I also feel my throat tighten and a wave of fear.  Suddenly I feel very alone 
so far from the shore.  I can see the lights I left on in my seaside home and 
I am very anxious to get back.  I roll on my belly and begin a fast crawl 
stroke.  I pound the water with my right leg, occasionally kicking with my 
left.  I feel a force start to descend upon me and the feeling of panic that 
overwhelms me disrupts my stroke causing me to inhale a lungful of water.  As
I cough and turn on my back I see the force.  It is a great white shark.

With his fin above the water he is swimming about ten feet away alongside me.
He is huge and breathtaking, about 15 feet long, probably weighing several
tons.  I gasp in awe and feel such exhilaration at this sight that my panic is
covered up.  The shark makes a sudden turn towards me and his upper jaw and
snout rise out of the water revealing gleaming white teeth.  I can see the 
pink of his gums and the shadows deep inside him.  I moan at the excitement
of the moment.  The shark's lifeless eyes stare at me.  He is huge, strong
and unstoppable, a perfect killing machine that hasn't changed in the tens
of thousands of years it has existed.  He is an unfeeling predator and he is 
so close to me.  I moan again louder purely from the thrill I am feeling.  My 
stomach is light with butterflies.  The side of my torso facing him tingles
with anticipation and vulnerability.  I cry out as his teeth close over
me.  The instant before he bites the sensation in my side reaches a peak of
almost pleasurable sensation.  I start gasping so hard that I can't breath.

Then there is pressure and I feel a stab of pain.  His teeth sink into me 
making an arc from the top of my right armpit, between my breasts, over my 
belly and down to the top of my thigh.  I scream in a frightened euphoria.  
This is the climax to an event so frightening and rare I feel immense 
appreciation to be experiencing it.  This is more thrilling than the steepest 
roller coaster imaginable or the most shocking, intriguing horror film.

I scream again as his teeth sink deeper.  Tears run down my cheeks though I 
can't feel a thing.  A flash of sanity, however, cuts through my excitement 
and reminds me of my mortality.  Without thinking my right hand clenches in 
a fist which I plunge into the shark's eye.  My hand goes through the white 
membrane of attack and hits the soft sensitive lens.  The shark's grip is 
released.  I punch again and again until the shark turns his body away pushing 
me several feet from him.  I lie still and see the shark's fin disappear into 
the dark waters.  I am dizzy and numb.  I try to concentrate on staying afloat.

I am paralyzed.  After several tense minutes, with only the sound of the waves
around me, I begin to move.  My right leg hangs limp.  I no longer feel the
cramp as I force my left to kick softly.  I turn on my left side and
paddle with my left arm.  I struggle to keep my mouth and nose out of the
water.  My mind begins to drift away as my body goes into shock.  My face hits
the water and instantly my survival instinct picks it up.  I can taste salty,
bloody water.  I start to lose consciousness several times before I finally
reach the shore.  The waves push me onto the sand and I drag myself a few
feet before my arm buckles.  I look down at my bleeding torso and see my flesh 
torn in ragged slits, white ribs showing through in places.  The sand feels 
like razors on my mangled back.  I become very aware of my breathing.  I sigh 
softly and let my mind go.  My blood spreads around me on the sand.

-Alison.


