Copyright © 1998,   (Dun That).  ALL Rights Reserved
The following story is being published anonymously for the author (Dun That) 
by Mr Double (mrdouble@mrdouble.com).  


--------
From dunthat@hotmail.com Mon Jan 26 15:26:26 1998
From: Dun That <dunthat@hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories.incest
Subject: True story Sharon.txt

This is a true story that happened during Easter vacation 1996. Because
it is true I have to protect my identify. You can e-mail me at
dunthat@hotmail.com
 --------

Sharon


To begin, I have two daughters. I wanted more children, especially a son
but my wife refused. At the time this takes place the oldest, Sharon is
nineteen. Her birthday is March 12. Alice the youngest is fifteen. Her
birthday is September 12th.

Sharon is five - five, 123 pounds. She has brown hair, hazel eyes and is
pretty but not beautiful. She resembles her mother. Her measurements are
34B - 26- 38. 

Alice is five - three, 116 pounds. She has dark blond hair, green eyes
and is very pretty. She resembles me. I would say beautiful but I’m
biased. Her measurements are 32B - 24 - 34.

My daughter Sharon was in her first year of college and she came home
for Easter vacation. It was Saturday and Sharon showed up about 1 PM.
From the moment she walked in the door she raved about “Ted”, her new
love. I was certain by the way she was talking that she had given him
her virginity.. We had always been close but never anything sexual. I
very angry but I was careful not to let it show.

By Dinner I was thoroughly disgusted with hearing about Ted. We ate then
my wife, Alice, Sharon and I went into the Den. I made some drinks for
my wife, Sharon and myself. I had never served Sharon alcohol before
except for a little wine and she was delighted. I got to hear more about
Ted until the movie came on and then blissful silence. I was steamed and
the more I thought about Ted the more steamed I got. I guess what really
steamed me was the fact that I was horny because my wife was in one of
her never ending moods, I hadn’t had sex in weeks. Also, I had invested
nineteen years into providing for Sharon, was now paying for her college
and she wouldn’t so much as let me look at her pussy. When the first
drinks were gone I made another round. I was planning on getting loaded.

I sat watching the movie, stewing and sipping my drink. Then, I got an
idea. At about ten thirty I went and got, three sleeping pills and 2
valium.I made some strong Irish coffees with decafe and put the pills
into Sharon’s. I gave her the drink and much to my delight she drank it
without suspecting a thing.

After awhile Sharon began to look extreamly sleepy. She managed to stay
awake until the end of the movie then she, Alice and my wife went to
bed. I waited and watched the news. At eleven thirty I got up and
quietly went to Sharon's room. I entered, closed and locked the door.
Her shades were up and a street light outside helped light up the room.
Sharon was laying on her side asleep covered by the top sheet.

Gathering my courage I went to the bed. I lifted the sheet and saw she
was wearing just her panties. Her firm looking breasts with their light
pinkish nipples filled my mind with desire.
I took the top sheet completely off. Then, watching her for any sign of
awareness I gently pushed her over onto her back. She didn’t respond and
I was very relieved.

Trembling, I gently hooked the waist band of her panties and slowly
worked them down. Her pubic hair came into view then her pussy. Desire
filled my mind. I pulled her panties all the way off and placed them
beside her pillow.

Gently I moved her legs apart so I could examine her entire pussy. Its
two plump sides had a light covering of pubic hair that ended about half
way down. My cock was bulging the front of my pants and I desperately
wanted to sinks its length into my daughters secret treasure. Gently I
placed my hand on her pussy. I watched Sharon for any sign of awareness
ready to pull my hand away but she remained oblivious to my touch. Very
gently, I caressed its forbidden flesh and desire flooded my mind  My
finger probed and discovered she was wet. Her body was responding
automatically to my touch. My finger penetrated deeper into her hot wet
vagina. She definitely wasn’t a virgin.

Still, she hadn’t shown any sign of awareness and I was overjoyed.
Removing my hand I undressed completely leaving my cloths in a pile by
the bed. Released from its confinement my thick eight plus inch cock
stuck out in front of me angling slightly upward. Totally unaware and
helpless Sharon lay naked on her bed, her legs spread invitingly.  

Carefully I got onto the bed and lay on my left side facing her. Gently
and slowly I slid my legs under hers and spread them apart until I had
her left over my knee and her right over my waist. She still hadn’t
shown any sign of waking but I was still very worried. 

Moving my hips forward I guided my cock toward my daughters pussy. Its
head touched and I very carefully and very, very slowly eased it into
her pussies split. I watched her face for any sign of awareness but she
remained oblivious to what I was doing. Worried she might wake up I
resisting the urge to penetrate deeper and waited for a few minutes. I
was extremely excited and my lubricating juices were oozing out and
mingling with hers. Very, very slowly I eased the head of my cock into
her vagina. It took over five minutes for me to get the entire head of
my cock all the way in. It was very hot, wet and felt fantastic. I
continued very slowly moving my hips forward and little by little I
penetrated deeper into her vagina. It took another fifteen minutes for
me to get about half of my length inside her vagina. I was very excited
and the pressure inside me was building. No one but another father who
had penetrated his daughter could ever know what I was experiencing. My
daughter still hadn’t shown any sign of waking up and I kept moving my
hips very slowly forward determined to get my entire cock inside her
vagina. My excitement and the pressure inside me grew as my cock
penetrated deeper. Over ten more minutes passed and almost my entire
cock was inside her vagina. It was throbbing and the pressure inside me
was tremendous. 

My daughters vagina was hot and very tight. I felt myself getting ready
to cum. I moved my hips back pulling my cock out a couple of inches then
I re-entered her. A tremendous wave of pleasure flooded my mind.. I had
planned on pulling out but at that moment my need to empty myself inside
her was overpowering. Ecstasy engulfed my mind as I experienced a
tremendous orgasm. I groaned loudly as inside my daughters vagina a
tremendous squirt of cum teaming with sperm exploded from my cock. The
thrill I experienced at that moment was beyond description. Totally
unaware, my daughter lay unmoving, her young female body accepting my
release. Immediately, another huge squirt of cum exploded from my cock.
It was followed by another then another as my body rapidly unloaded. Her
vagina was flooded but my body continued to send small squirts of cum.
All too soon it was over and I lay unmoving totally drained. Slowly, my
cock began to grow soft having fulfilled its purpose perfectly.

Pulling my cock out I gently moved out from under her legs. I got up,
took her panties and put them back on her. I noticed a little of my
thick whitish cum leaking from her vagina. I knew there was a lot more
still inside her and that excited me tremendously. I put her legs
together hoping to keep as much of my cum inside her as possible. I
covered her, dressed then went to my bedroom. Undressing again I got
into bed with my sleeping wife. For awhile I lay in bed thinking about
what I had done. I was very worried that in the morning Sharon would
figure out what I had done. I had cum more than ever before and her
vagina was very full. What's more I had no idea what day of her cycle it
was except she didn’t have her period, if she was taking birth control
pills or possibly if she was already pregnant.

I must have fallen asleep because the next thing I knew it was morning.
I got up, dressed and went downstairs. Sharon didn’t get up until some
time latter. She had taken a shower, was dressed in jeans, a loose
blouse unbuttoned half way down the front and wearing no bra. She looked
a little under the weather but didn’t act upset. I asked her if she was
all right. She said she had a bad headache. I got her some Advil and
breakfast. From her actions it was obviously had no idea of what I had
done to her and I was overjoyed.

Having succeeded in fucking Sharon without detection I was determined to
have her again. I thought about doing her that night but I was worried
she might figure out what was happening. Also, having gotten off I
wasn’t quite so horny. I decided to skip that night and get her the next
night.

Pretending to be concerned about Sharon’s relationship with Ted I
learned from my wife that Sharon wasn’t taking birth control pills. My
wife went on to state that she was confident Sharon was taking adequate
precautions. I didn’t dare pry any further.

Knowing that Sharon was unprotected and that I could impregnate her made
me want her even more. This time I slipped her just two sleeping pills
and two valium in her drink. I was hoping it would be enough to keep her
asleep but not give her such a bad headache. I knew I was taking a
chance but that just added to the excitement.

I did exactly like before. Sharon didn’t show any sign of waking up as I
entered her. I  penetrated her a bit faster and when my cock was all the
way in I lay still for a good ten minutes enjoying her hot tight vagina.
There is absolutely no description to describe what it feel like to be
inside your very own daughter. I was concerned she might wake up so I
moved very slowly. I moved my hips back until just the head of my cock
was inside her then forward. An intense wave of pleasure flooded my
mind. I repeated the movement and watched my daughter for any sign of
awareness. She didn’t show any sign of awakening and I continued
thrusting slowly. The tension inside me built slowly and I was enjoying
my daughter tremendously. Growing more bold I reached over and caressed
her breasts. They were firm and soft. She still didn’t show any sign of
awakening and I was overjoyed.

My hips continued to move in a slow steady rhythm pulling about half of
my cock out then sending it back in. Her vagina felt sensational. The
tension inside me built and my orgasm approached. Totally unaware my
daughter lay unmoving her body providing incredible pleasure for me, her
very own father. I could feel my body getting ready to orgasm and I
deliberately moved my hips a little faster. Ecstasy engulfed my mind and
I thrust my hips forward burying my cock inside her vagina. A huge
squirt of cum exploded from my cock. The thrill I experienced was
incredible. My body unloaded rapidly flooding her vagina with my sperm.
It was fantastic.

After I was finished I lay unmoving until my cock softened. Reluctantly,
I pulled out and got up. I put her panties back on, covered her then
dressed.

I went to bed  and lay thinking. I just couldn’t believe it was wrong
for a father to have sex with his daughter. It felt so natural and good
when my cock was inside her. If it were wrong I reasoned, then nature
would have done something to prevent it. Surely there had to be some
reason why humans males were allowed to mate with their own daughters. I
fell asleep puzzling as to why it had ever become forbidden.
     
As far as I could determine Sharon didn’t suspect a thing. She acted
perfectly normal toward me the next day. I kept thinking about her pussy
and the next time I could fuck her. It was like a addictive drug and I
was hooked.

Again, I skipped a night before drugging her. It was now Wednesday
night. Again, I did exactly the same as before. I entered my daughter
and lay still. It felt so right, so natural, so good. I lay there for a
long while enjoying her vagina and wanting it to last forever.

Reaching over I caressed her firm breasts. My hips moved slowly back
then forward. Pleasure filled my mind. I repeated the movement
developing a slow steady rhythm. The tension inside me built slowly. My
daughters young female body was giving me tremendous pleasure. I wished
she didn’t have to return to College especially because of Ted. I didn’t
want his cock to take the place of mine but there was no way I could
stop her. Still, my cock was inside her at that moment and I was
enjoying her not Ted. 

I moved my hips a little faster. The tension inside me was building. Her
vagina felt great. I looked at my daughters peaceful face and wondered
if she were dreaming. I was certain that in some part of her mind she
must know my cock was inside her.

I continued thrusting my rhythm steady, enjoying myself tremendously. My
orgasm was approaching but I wasn’t ready. I stopped with my cock deep
inside my daughters vagina and waited for the tension to ease. After a 
few minutes I was ready to continue. I started thrusting again, slower.
The tension inside me built slowly, growing and growing. My daughters
hot tight vagina felt wonderful and I gave myself up to the pleasure.

I could feel my body getting ready to orgasm and I thrust faster.
Ecstasy engulfed my mind and I thrust my hips forward. Deep inside my
daughters vagina a huge squirt of cum exploded from my cock. “That's
three,” I groaned. Rapidly, my body emptied its sperm. When I was
finished I remained still until my cock grew soft then I pulled out and
got up. I put her panties back on, covered her, dressed then left.

Back in bed I went over my memories. I was very pleased with myself. I
had used Sharon's vagina to get off three times and it was tremendously
more pleasurable than jerking off. So far she hadn’t suspected a thing.
I wondered what she thought of the mess she found in her panties in the
morning. It was obvious she wasn’t experienced enough to know that it
was my cum or just didn’t believe her own father would fuck her while
she was asleep. That, I was thankful for but I was still worried she
might figure out what I was doing. 

The next day after I got home from work I looked in Sharon's dirty
laundry. Her panties were there on the top, the crotch was stained and
stiff from my dried up cum that had leaked from her vagina during the
night. I examined the evidence and worried that my wife might figure out
what it was if she saw them. After all she had plenty of experience. I
dug into the dirty laundry and found the pair of stained panties from my
previous release but that was all. The first pair of panties were gone
which meant they had been washed. I took the two pair of panties I had
to the bathroom and rinsed them out very well. When I was finished I
dried them in a towel then put them back in Sharon's dirty laundry. I
knew her mother would be washing her laundry tomorrow (Friday). I
considered giving Sharon another pair of soiled panties that night but I
decided to wait.

Friday evening I drugged her like before. This time when I entered her
bedroom I saw she was laying on her back naked. Her legs were spread and
her hand was resting on her pussy. I was certain she had been
masturbating and I wondered if she had gotten off before she fell
asleep.

I stripped, moved her hand and spread her legs further apart. Carefully
I got on top of her and lined my cock up. She was very wet and my cock
slipped easily into her vagina. For a few minutes I lay unmoving then I
began thrusting slowly. Pleasure filled my mind. With each forward
thrust I penetrated fully the base of my cock pressing hard against her
and my balls bumping against her butt. This was the first time I had
done her this way and I was enjoying myself tremendously.

I was in total control. This was the last night before Sharon returned
to College and I was going to really enjoy her. I fucked her slowly for
almost half an hour pausing whenever the tension became too great. It
was fantastic.

I was watching Sharon closely and she hadn’t shown any sign of
awareness. I thrust my hips forward and ground hard against her pussy.
She didn’t react so I pulled half way out and repeated the movement.
Again and again I ground against her pussy. I was getting very excited
and the tension was becoming unbearable. Still, I wasn’t ready to cum.
Suddenly, I felt hard vaginal contractions around my cock. My daughter
was having an orgasm. Instantly, I orgasmed in response to hers. Ecstasy
engulfed my mind and I drove my hips forward. A huge squirt of cum
exploded from my cock. I was worried that her orgasm might have awoken
her but her eyes remained closed. I kept my weight off her and remained
inside her until I was finished.

I got up, moved her legs together then pulled the sheet over her. I was
going to miss her that was certain.

Laying in my bed I thought about what had happened. It was obvious she
hadn’t gotten off and must have been dreaming while I fucked her. I had
caused her to orgasm similar to a guy having a wet dream. I wondered if
she would remember anything in the morning. I hoped she would. 

Well, the next morning Sharon came down to breakfast and I got her some
cereal. She was quiet.  Her sister Alice was there and they talked a
little. Alice asked her if she was excited to get back to Ted and Sharon
replied that she was. That pissed me off but I told myself that I had
fucked her four times and would fuck her again when she came home for
the summer. Still, I didn’t want Ted to have her at all.

Well about a month later we got a call from Sharon. She spoke to her
mother and I could tell by the look on my wife’s face that it was bad
news. After a bit my wife put her hand over the mouth piece and
mouthed/wispered to me that Sharon was pregnant. I of course had no idea
if I had impregnated her or if  Ted had before she had come to visit.
They talked for a long time with Sharon doing most of the talking.

After they hung up my wife told me that Sharon had missed her period.
She had used a self test kit and it had come up positive. The next day
she had gone to the school dispensary and that test was positive also.
My wife went on to relate how Sharon was mystified as to how she had
gotten pregnant. Sharon had explained to her that she and Ted had only
had sex a few times and he had  used a condom. Ted, though seemed to be
the real problem. On being informed of Sharon's pregnancy he had broken
off their relationship.

Well, Sharon came home from college for summer break. I had looked
forward to enjoying her during the summer but as she was pregnant I dare
not drug her. She didn’t go back to College that fall and I watched
intrigued as her stomach grew. She let me feel the baby kick and I was
in total amazement. I knew the baby had to be mine but I couldn’t really
believe that I had actually  impregnated her. 
 
On January 4th, 1997, Sharon delivered an eight pound 4 ounce boy. My
daughter gave me the son I always wanted. They are both doing well and
she still has no idea I knocked her up.
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com
site mirrors at:
http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/mirrors.htm

Be There.....