Archive-name: School/shauna3.txt
Archive-author: Ghostwheel
Archive-title: Shauna Makes a Bet (3rd in a series)


Dear Phantasies,

  It's been a while since I last wrote to you, but that doesn't mean that
things have slowed down at all between Shauna and me. Sex between us just
keeps getting better and better, especially with our wonderful friends to
help us out. We're constantly experimenting, finding new ways to tease and
please one another, and recently we shared an experience that we thought
your readers might enjoy hearing about.

  For readers who haven't seen any of my previous letters, I should describe
us. I'm a 24-year-old graduate student at an Ivy League university, along
with my friend Mike. My girlfriend Shauna is a freshman at the same school,
as is Sindra, who is dating Mike. I'm about 5'-10", lean but strong, and have
short brown hair. Mike is built pretty much like me, but he's an American-
born Chinese. Sindra is of mixed Swedish/Indian descent, with a special
exotic look and huge, beautiful breasts. Shauna, though, is everything I
could want in a woman. She stands barely five feet tall, with a compact,
muscular build and a very large bust for someone her size. She has bright
green eyes, long red hair, and the fabled passion of a redhead. Among the
four of us, we're a pretty mixed bag, but we seem to blend perfectly both
in and out of bed.

  Toward the end of the term, during that small break between the end of
classes and the beginning of finals, the four of us decided to go out and
have a little fun before getting down to the books, so we went for dinner
and then to a place nearby where we rented a hot tub room for the evening.
Ostensibly these places are in business to provide a nice place to relax,
but everyone I've known has always gone there for sex. And after all, if
they weren't meant for it, why is there a bed in the room and mirrors on
the ceiling? We figured it might be our last chance to party for the term,
so we splurged and got a deluxe room: hot tub, sauna, shower, cold plunge,
and bed. Plenty of room to play! Since we're all friends, none of us even
bothered to bring swimsuits for the hot tub.

  "A towel and a smile is all you need," Shauna said.

  "And a little K-Y Jelly," Sindra added. I could tell it was going to be
a good night.

  As soon as we'd closed the door to the room behind us, Shauna wrapped her
arms around me and started kissing me, while Mike and Sindra dumped our
bags on the bed. "You know," Shauna said, loud enough for all of us to hear,
"a good meal like that always makes me horny."

  Mike responded with, "But Shauna, *everything* always makes you horny!"
Without warning, she disengaged herself from my arms, charged across the
room, and leaped on him, and they both tumbled onto the bed. She pinned him
down and started kissing him, unbuttoning his shirt and kissing his chest,
and telling him, "Yes, Mike, darling, but you know how horny you make me.
You're such a stud! I want to play with your giant chopstick! I want to lick
up your sweet-and-sour sauce! Come on, you big stud, and eat my sushi!"
By this time, Mike had managed to roll her over, and had started evening
things up by unbuttoning her blouse. "Shows what you know," he said.
"Sushi's Japanese. I've never even tried it."

  "I don't care," Shauna said, "I know you're just dying to eat me!" Chances
are, he was. Mike's told me privately that he thinks Shauna's pussy tastes
even better than Sindra's. I happen to agree, although it's very rare for me
to refuse either of them.

  While the two of them were wrestling on the bed, Sindra had finished
getting out the towels and a few other goodies, and now she came over to me.
"Remember the first time you ever saw my tits?" she asked. I remembered well,
and I only had to smile in response. "Well," she said, "do they turn you on
as much now as they did then?" As she spoke, she slid her sweater off over
her head, and unclasped her bra. I'd been seeing her naked on a regular
basis for a few months, but I was still amazed every time she did that. Freed
from the confining lacy fabric, her breasts seemed to expand, and the nipples
began hardening immediately. I started kissing her and fondling her breasts,
eventually moving my head down to suck on them, alternating between. In spite
of being so large, they're amazingly sensitive, and I've seen her have
multiple orgasms just from having them played with. She leaned back against
the wall, and I was considering the possibility of trying to make her come
when I heard a familiar voice behind me.

  "Last one in is a frigid virgin!" Shauna announced. She quickly kissed both
me and Sindra, then scooted over and plopped herself into the hot tub. Mike
was close behind, and he climbed in right after her. Sindra pulled away from
me slid out of her sandals and skirt. She wasn't wearing anything under it,
and she was in the hot tub, too, by the time I'd even gotten my shirt off.
I finished undressing, and walked over to the tub. Mike had one girl on
either side of him, and they were making quite a show of ignoring me. "We don't
mess with frigid virgins," Shauna said, "even if they do have big hard cocks."

  I knew they were only playing, but I was starting to get a little impatient.
I wanted Shauna, and her teasing was only getting me more turned on. I climbed
in and told her that if I was frigid, she'd better come over and warm me up.
I slid one foot up her leg and began tickling her crotch with my toe, just to
let her know I was still hot for her. She tried to do the same for me, but
she couldn't reach, so she waded over to me, her gorgeous slick breasts
floating halfway out of the water. She settled herself in my lap, facing me
with her legs around my waist. It's one of our favorite positions for making
love, and pretty darned comfortable for just sitting around, too. One of the
many advantages of having a small girl for a lover. But in any case, just
sitting around was not what we had in mind. She started kissing me again, but
much deeper and much more passionately than before, while we each slid one
hand down to stroke each other. Hot as the water was, I swear I could feel
even more heat radiating from her pussy. After a couple minutes, she raised
herself up and squeezed me inside of her. A few more wriggles from both of us,
and she had me all the way in. We just sat that way for a while, kissing and
stroking each other, with me sucking and licking at her nipples, and listening
to the gentle splashing of Mike and Sindra making love at the other side of
the tub.

  It didn't stay gentle for long, though. Shauna started picking up the pace
a little bit, and I could hear Sindra starting to moan softly. Shauna was
bouncing up and down, fucking herself on my cock, but she couldn't get enough
leverage to do it as hard as she wanted, so she slid off of me and turned
around to grab the edge of the tub. "Do me doggie-style, love," she said,
"fuck me nice and hard and deep." From some women, words like that would sound
obscene, but from her they were as sweet and sexy as anything I'd ever heard.
I got behind her, and thrust into her dripping cunt in one long push. She had
anticipated me, and had moved to meet me as I entered her. Her sweet round ass
made a loud smack against my thighs, and she squealed with pleasure as I
drove into her as far as I could. I teased her by pulling almost all the way
out and then thrusting deep into her again, until she insisted that I screw
her for real. I grabbed her hips and gave her what she wanted, ramming in and
out of her as fast as I could until her moans had changed to screams of
frantic pleasure, and I felt myself getting ready to come. With an uncanny
intuition, Shauna knew I was almost ready to burst, and she asked me if I
wanted to come in her mouth. I could barely get out an intelligible answer,
and as I pulled out of her, she spun around and plunged my cock into her
mouth. She was a little bit late, though, and the first gob splatted against
one cheek and hung there while I pumped the rest of my load down her throat.
When I'd finished, she kept the head in her mouth, stroking the shaft and
milking every drop out of me. We sat down again, with her on my lap on the
edge of the tub, to watch Mike and Sindra. She was resting her shoulders on
the edge, while he stood with her legs over his shoulders driving in and
out of her. Sindra started bucking with her first orgasm, and lost her grip
on the side of the tub, so Shauna got behind her to and supported her, resting
her hands on Sindra's breasts.

  "Thanks, baby," Sindra said, resting her head on Shauna's shoulder. "I knew
you wouldn't let me drown. Mmm, what's this?" She licked the gob of my come
off of Shauna's cheek, and then passed it back to her while they kissed.

  "Come on, Mike!" Shauna commanded. "Don't just stand there gawking! Fuck!"
Now that they'd all gotten their breath and their footing, Mike resumed where
he'd left off. Shauna continued playing with Sindra's breasts, kissing her,
and occasionally whispering encouragement to Mike. He was really working now,
and soon Sindra was having her second orgasm, and her third. I thought he
was going to give her a fourth, when Mike thrust into her one last time and
stayed there.

  "Oh, yeah! Fill me up! I can feel you pumping your come way up inside me!
Come on, love, fill my pussy with your thick, sticky come!" Sindra kept it
up, and Mike must've been pumping a huge load inside of her. When he'd finally
finished, he and Sindra climbed out of the tub and lay down together on one
of the big towels. I could see his semen slowly dribbling out of her, and I
wondered if Shauna was going to eat her the way she sometimes did.

  "It ain't fair!" Shauna said with a practiced pout.

  "What ain't fair, Shrimp?" I asked her.

  "It ain't fair that everybody got to come except me. I want to come too!
Again and again and again, just like Sindra."

  "Wait a minute. All that screaming before, and you say you didn't come?"
Mike asked in disbelief.

  "Well, maybe a little," she admitted, "but I want to come so hard the walls
shake. I want lots of great, big, wet orgasms."

  "Spoiled brat. We'll give you so many orgasms you won't know what to do with
them. We'll make you come until you *beg* us to stop," I told her.

  "Oh, you want to bet? I could *die* of orgasms and still not get enough of
them. How about it, the three of you against me in the world-championship
come-a-thon."

  When she gets into one of these moods, I can't help loving her even more.
Something about that combination of playful child and wanton slut really gets
me turned on. I could tell that Mike and Sindra were getting into the idea,
so I figured it might be a nice "theme" for the evening. "Okay, we've got
the room for two more hours. The three of us can do anything we want to you?"

  "Absolutely anything."

  "And if we can make you ask us to stop making you come, we win."

  "That's right. But it'll never happen."

  "Okay, what do you want to bet?"

  She thought for a moment. "Well, since I'm going to win, let's make the
stakes really high. How about the loser is the winner's complete slave for
a night? I've always wanted to have three slaves for a night."

  "And if you lose, you serve *each* of us as slave for a night? It's only
fair. You get three slaves, or be a slave three times."

  "Deal. Oh, being a slave doesn't mean yucky stuff like washing dishes and
doing laundry, does it? Let's make a rule that it has to be sexual. Agreed?"

  We all shook hands, and had a little wine out of the bottle we'd brought
with us. The anticipation was starting to get to us all when Mike said, "Okay,
let's get started. Who goes first?"

  Sindra smiled. "Last I knew, Shauna wanted you to eat her sushi, stud. Why
don't you do the honors?"

  "Might as well get to it, then. Why don't you come back over by the tub,
Shauna. I think I want to get back in the water. That's right, just park
right there on the edge." Mike got into the water and stood in front of
Shauna, then stepped in between her spread thighs. He wrapped his arms around
her and started kissing her, while Sindra and I lay back and drank some more
wine.

  "I'm not coming yet," Shauna cooed.

  "All right. You asked for it, bitch!" Mike said with his best mock-snarl.
He got down on his knees in the water and put his mouth to her pussy. He
kissed it a few times, the started really eating her. He'd nibble at the
lips, the move to her clit and suck on that for a moment, then slide his
tongue way up inside her. She leaned back, braced on her arms, and draped
her legs over his shoulders. I could see she was getting into it already,
as she started stroking her breasts with one hand. That was the beauty of
it. We all wanted her to come as many times as possible; it was just a test
to see who'd run out of steam first. Now, I know a thing or two about going
down on a woman, but Mike goes way beyond anything I've ever been able to
do. It's just sort of a knack, I guess. So it wasn't long before Shauna was
lying flat on her back, her legs still over his shoulders, stroking herself
all over. I could tell that she was getting close, because she was starting
to get flushed and she was making little growling noises in her throat. Mike
pulled back for a second to catch his breath, and then he wrapped his lips
around her clit and started sucking on it.

  "Watch this," I whispered to Sindra. "Ten...nine...eight..." Shauna was
starting to moan a little, and she'd locked her legs around Mike's head.
Sindra joined me on the countdown. "Seven...six...five..." her moans had
risen to yelps, and she was starting to claw at the towel that she was lying
on. I could see Mike's tongue darting in and out of her as he gave her a
serious oral fucking. "Four...three...two...one..." Now she was pinching
really hard at her nipples, driving herself wild with pleasure and pain. She
bucked her hips up and down, and I was afraid she was going to suffocate
Mike before he finished with her. Her eyes were closed, but her mouth was
open and she was making a constant low wailing sound. "Blastoff!" Sindra and
I said. And did Shauna ever blast off! Her whole body began to thrash from
side to side, and she babbled a string of incoherent endearments to Mike
between her howls of pleasure. She unclasped her legs and when he slipped out
of her grasp, she immediately jammed two fingers into her slit and kept up
right where he'd left off. If anything, she was getting off more by herself,
as she thrust two, then three, fingers in and out. "Is she okay like that,
or should we do something?" Sindra asked me.

  "Damn right we should do something! Help me hold her down." Sindra grabbed
Shauna's wrists, and I lay across her, kissing her, while Mike climbed out of
the tub and got back in position between her legs.

  "I can tell you haven't had *nearly* enough, have you Shauna?" he asked.

  "Keep doing it! It's so good!" she gasped. So he did. Now that she'd taken
off, he just had to keep licking her clit to give her one orgasm after
another. I like to think that my kissing her and playing with her tits had
something to do with it too. Between the two of us, Sindra and I managed to
hold her down while Mike continued to drive her crazy. I started to count,
but I lost track at about eight. Shauna will usually come three of four times
on a good night, so I figured Mike had won the bet for us right there. Her
whole body was shaking, and I don't know whether she could've asked him to
stop if she'd wanted to. But her hips were still bucking up and down to meet
his mouth, so we all kept going. Finally, though, his jaw couldn't take any
more, and he had to give up.

  We let go of Shauna, and after a moment she sat up and said, "Well, I guess
I win. See, there's no *way* you can give me too many orgasms."

  "Wait a minute, baby," Sindra said. "That was only half an hour. You aren't
even close to winning yet. Now, do you want us to quit, or do you want me to
take a turn at you?"

  "More, more, I'm still not satisfied! Sindra, big sister, Mike did a good
job, but you're going to have to be a lot better than that if you want me
orgasmed out."

  "Okay guys. Take her to the sauna. And don't let her cool down. I'll be
there in a couple minutes." Sindra obviously had a plan, so Mike and I grabbed
Shauna and carried her to the sauna. She didn't protest. She was still
enjoying herself, and I was starting to wonder if maybe she could outlast
us. We got in the sauna and turned it up to 120 degrees. A little bit cool,
perhaps, but we were planning on vigorous exercise. Mike stretched out a
towel on one of the benches, and I stretched out my fuck-crazed girlfriend
on the towel.

  "Well, Sindra said to keep me warm. I think the two of you should be able
to keep me warm pretty easily. Mike, you ate me so nicely, can I return the
favor? And my poor little cunt just needs something big and hard to fill it
up until Sindra gets here. Can you guys do that for me?" She got up on her
hands and knees, and sucked Mike's cock right down her throat, while I
plugged up her pussy from behind. The best thing about doing it that way
is that I can stroke her sweet little behind at the same time. We'd just
gotten a good rhythm going, with her plunging back and forth alternately
driving me and then Mike into her, when Sindra came in.

  "Hey, guys, you're supposed to make her come, not yourselves. I guess it
takes a woman to really please a woman. Shauna, baby, lie down and close
your eyes. I've got a few surprises for you." She took a strip of soft cloth
and tied it around Shauna's head, blindfolding her. Then she quietly reached
outside the sauna and grabbed a couple more items. She motioned us over to
the other bench, so we could just sit and watch the show. I was intrigued
by what she was up to, so I did as she wished. Sindra picked up where Mike
had left off before, licking and sucking at Shauna's overworked slit. She
swung one leg over, and we were treated to the sight of these two beautiful
women going at it in a really hot sixty-nine. Surprisingly, I think Sindra
came first, but Shauna wasn't far behind. They kept at it until they'd each
had a couple, and then Sindra reached for her first prop. It was a big pink
dildo, a good ten inches long and inhumanly thick. I'd seen her use it on
herself before, but I couldn't imagine putting anything that big into
Shauna. But what really surprised me was the way she'd prepared it: It was
sitting in the ice bucket that we'd chilled our wine in earlier, with the
ice packed around it. Sindra smeared a glob of lubricant on it, and moved it
into position. "Okay, Shauna, open up! Your old friend Max is here to see
you!"

  Shauna squealed and opened her legs wider. I guess she had met "Max"
before, but what a surprise she got! Sindra took the thing and slid it straight
up into Shauna, at least eight inches. Of course, it was a little hard to
get it in, because as soon as that frozen dildo hit her, Shauna started
thrashing and yelling again. I could just imagine what it was like making
the transition from a sauna and Sindra's mouth to that huge, ice-cold rod
filling her up. But it must have done the trick, because she was off and
running again. She clamped her legs shut on Sindra's hand as the first orgasm
was shocked out of her, then spread them again and started pumping her hips
as if she was getting fucked. And of course, she was! The two of them put on
an amazing show for us, as Sindra kept driving "Max" in and out of Shauna with
one hand, and stroking her tits and ass with the other. The two of them would
occasionally kiss, or Sindra would suck Shauna's breasts, but for the most
part she just kept up a steady stream of sexy encouragement, telling Shauna
how beautiful she was, while Shauna finally seemed to be running out of energy.
Her screaming had tapered off to a constant low moan, punctuated with occas-
ional requests for more!

  We all figured that she'd had about enough, when Sindra reached for her last
toy, her "secret weapon." It was a tiny vibrator, not more than four inches
long and about as big around as my thumb, but from the hum it made when she
flicked it on, we could tell it was powerful. She dipped it into her jar of
lubricant, and we all held our breath to see just what she was going to do
with it. "Hey, Shauna, you still in there?" Sindra asked. "Got another surprise
for you. Minnie's here to play with Max!" Leave it to a couple of freshmen to
name their vibrators. But cute name or not, it sure was effective, as she
brought it straight down on Shauna's clitoris. I had a feeling the two of them
had done this before, as Sindra continued pumping the big dildo in and out of
her, and buzzing her clit with the small one at the same time. The two of them
were poetry in motion. Real hot, dirty poetry, but they definitely had rhythm
and meter.

  By this time, Mike had had enough spectating, and he'd moved himself in
behind Sindra. He reached one hand up underneath her, and slid a couple of
fingers into her pussy. They came out dripping, and he moved her around to
a more convenient position, and slowly started fucking her doggie-style
while she continued to get Shauna off. I was just waiting, saving my energy,
and my load, for later. I figured Shauna wouldn't last much longer, and I
was looking forward to breast-fucking Sindra while Shauna was recovering.
Shauna's orgasms had slowed down now, as the vibrator on her clit started to
lose its effect, and Sindra started looking for a new way to use it. I almost
stopped her as she moved it toward Shauna's ass, since that was the one thing
that I knew Shauna didn't allow, but I figured it wouldn't hurt her. Besides,
she'd told us at the start of the game that we could do "absolutely anything"
to her. I was just hoping she'd enjoy getting it in the ass as much as I was
going to enjoy watching.

  When she felt Sindra start pushing "Minnie" into her tight little rear,
Shauna started to freak. "Shit! No! Not there!" she gasped.

  "No? Did I hear you say no, baby? You say no, and you lose our little bet,
and then I can fuck you up the ass with Max for a whole night if I want. Now
trust me, and relax. You're going to love this once I get through with you!"
Shauna's resolve seemed to waver for a moment, then she made up her mind.

  "Okay, sis," she said. "You jam your little toy wherever you want, and you
keep on making me come, and when I win the bet, I'm going to pay you back
double! Now teach me how to take it in the ass!" Considering that Sindra
claims the only thing she likes better than sucking cock is anal sex, it
sounded like more of a promise than a threat, but either way, the two of them
kept going at it. I had almost blown my load just from watching the smooth
plastic penetrating Shauna's pink, puckered rear, so it didn't surprise me
at all when Mike groaned and started pounding into Sindra again.

  "Quick, pull out! Get that thing over here where we need it, Shauna's
starting to dry out," Sindra ordered. Mike seemed happy enough to comply,
and he yanked his dick out of her cunt with that distinctive "pop" that
lets you know how tight she is. He positioned himself between Shauna's legs,
where Sindra was working her toys in and out of both holes, and started to
shoot. Globs of come covered Sindra's hands, Minnie and Max, and most
importantly, Shauna's cunt and ass. The added lubrication, and that splat-
tering sensation were just what she needed to send her off on another trip
into space. Sindra started pumping faster, with both hands, and I couldn't
tell which of the women was more excited. Mike had joined in now, and was
kissing Shauna and helping to hold her down as one wave after another hit
her.

  For a girl who'd never wanted it in the ass before, she was really getting
into it. But then, she was learning from the expert. When she could get the
words out, I could distinctly hear her saying, "Yes! Harder! Fuck my ass! I
want it up the ass hard!" Unfortunately, even that wore off after a while,
and her orgasms slowed almost to nothing. I couldn't believe it. She'd had
at least a dozen big ones, and numerous little ones, we were better than an
hour into our game, and it looked like she might actually be winning.

  "Damn, I'm thirsty!" she said, when she could finally speak again. "Is there
any of that wine left?" I went and got her a glass of wine, and looked around
the room. There had to be something left that we hadn't tried on her, some
way to get her to give in. The only thing that I could think of was the
shower. We'd had some good times playing in the shower at home, and this one,
fortunately, looked to be big enough for at least three of us. Since Mike and
Sindra had already taken their best shots, it was my turn, and I couldn't think
of anything that we hadn't done to her already. My male ego forbids any
modesty here, so I have to tell you that I *know* how to please my woman.
But in truth, at that moment I was at a loss. I'd just have to play it by
ear, and hope some inspiration hit.

  "You're getting too hot, honey," I said. "I think what you need is a nice
shower to cool you off. Care to join me?" I didn't give her much choice as I
picked her up and carried her to the shower. I quickly adjusted the
temperature, and then pushed her in ahead of me. After the sauna, even the
hot shower felt cool on our skin. I grabbed the soap and lathered my hands,
then began running them over her body. As I held her from behind, I soaped
her tits until they were slippery and the nipples were hard, then moved down
over her stomach. I was still trying to buy time, so I stroked her very
slowly all over. I took the handheld shower spray and rinsed her off, then
turned her around to face me. I pulled her cl