Shawna's fantasies:

   Oh Loverboy... I thought about you tonight when I took a shower,  how gentle
and delicate and sexual  you are... how you know how to pleasure me in just the
right ways.... Sitting on the floor of the shower, soapy and hot, thinking of
you, and your huge cock, how I would love to touch it, stroke it, watch it get
harder and harder in my hands, feeling the blood flowing into your organ,
preparing it for the upcoming events... my body glistening and naked and so
relaxed, gently slipping the end of my finger in and out of my asshole,
stretching it ever so slightly, easing it a little deeper each time, until it's
up to my knuckle... feeling the tightness of my anus around my penetrating
finger.... yielding to the tender yet firm thrusts into my privates.. where no
one has ever been... and where I want you to be Loverboy...  I've never been so
confident, so sure, that you are the right man to yield my soft buttocks to, to
fill with your wonderful, throbbing penis... Oh loverboy... I want you so bad
right now... sitting here in my bathrobe, wet hair, robe open and my naked damp
body sprawled over my chair.... Think about it, and I'll make it come to
life... for you.... for I love you my Loverboy...
   Stepping out of the shower, slowly drying the soft curves of my body,
stroking the wet hair of my pink slit, gently drying it and stimulating my clit
at the same time, wishing you were here... my violation of my anus with my
finger and not hardly satisfied me... merely got me wanting more... Draping the
robe around me, I decide to call you and leave you a steamy message on the BBS,
and masturbate my pussy until I come, then go to bed... such a lonely night...
   But then I open the bedroom door, and there you are, sitting at the
computer, engrossed in some letters on the bbs, not noticing my entrance... Oh
Loverboy, It turns me on to think of you.... Stepping forward quietly, taking a
position on my knees behind you, looking over your right shoulder at the
screen... You're reading a letter from me! All about how much I want you, and
how I want you to violate me in a new way, a special way, for you to be the
first one to have my anus hole, to slide that huge cock of yours in easily,
firmly, feeling the tightness and the contraction of my sphincter around the
stiffness of your shaft... slow thrusts in and out.... You have your huge cock
in one hand, stroking it hard, fantasizing about me on top of you and the sight
of that magnificent organ exposed and hardened is to much to bear.. I pull the
chair, swiveling it around so you face me, pants around your ankles, penis in
hand, a look of surprise on your face... "Shhhhhh" I calm you, before you can
speak, and licking my lips, I press them against the warm slippery head of your
cock... tasting the slimy precum dribbling out of it from you strokes, licking
it up and down, teasing, then taking the whole length into my mouth with a
massive slurping noise and you moan.. "Oh Shawna... oh yes baby... suck me
baby..." grasping my head, moving me down onto you faster and faster, lips
slurping on the slippery shaft of your cock, sucking on the tip then taking it
all into my mouth, rolling it around in my mouth.... you moan louder, loving my
attention to your pulsing organ.... You pull me harder down onto you, bucking
hips into my warm wet mouth, rising towards orgasm... wanting me to gag and
swallow all your sweet salty semen.. my lips pucker over your cock, sucking
harder and harder... oph yes Loverboy... oh yes... Opening you're eyes a moment
though, you notice me fumbling with a large jar of petroleum jelly while I
mouth fuck your cock... you almost come right there, and your cock shakes, but
I ease off... wanting it somewhere else!
   Rising to my feet, I shrug the robe off my body, turning to face away from
you, exposing the full white curves of my buttocks to you, which you
immediately  begin to stroke, kneading them in your hands, tugging on them,
sreading their full expanses... setting the jar of vaseline on the desk near
the computer, my fingers dip out a thick gooey gob and I bend forward away from
you, my buttocks tightening ... "Spread my buttocks Loverboy..." I say,
dominant.. commanding... god do I know what I want.... and you obey, eagerly
pulling them apart, looking between them at the tiny pink hole of my anus...
you cock is so hard... and still on the verge of coming... With slow deliberate
strokes, I spread the slick jelly over my anushole and along my ass crack,
lubricating my insides with a quick fingerfull of slick grease... With
deliberate motion I sink down onto you, positioning the throbbing slippery head
of your cock at my rear gates... feeling the slickness of the hole, the
tightness, god you are going to come Loverboy... but please try to hold it.....
I know it's hard, when you're thinking about the warm full ass cheeks caressing
the tip of your sensitive penis... moving your hands to my hips, I grit my
teeth, knowing that I've never had anything so large inside me this way.
   You move one hand quickly to my clitoris, to stimulate me more... but I pull
it away, eager to feel the singular sensation of riding that huge muscle of
yours.... Your hands grasp my hips, digging your fingers into my skin, and I
begin to gently, gingerly lower myslef down onto you... god your cockhead is so
big! Stretching and parting the tightness of my anus with its slippery mass...
God it hurts... getting that pole inside me... your cock is throbbing and so
very ready to come... maybe I gave you head for too long, and you can't hold
off here? Please try! Finally the fullness of your cockhead pops in past my
sphincter, Oh it hurts! But I can only really feel the pleasure... the fullness
inside my anus hole, the next few inches are easy, and I collapse down onto
you, taking about six inches of that eight inch cock until it hurts too much,
god it feels like I'm being split open by you!!!! Oh God yes.. moaning, I raise
up off you, feeling the bulk of your penis slip out off me like a bowel
movement... god that cock fills me Loverboy! But you're already shaking and
trembling, and although I gently begin to lower myself, I know you can't hold
it... so I slip down your pole as It begins to spurt inside me....Oh my God
what an incredible sensation! Oh Yes LOVERBOY!

Loverboy's response:

   Oh Shawna, as you let down your robe, my hands are drawn to your beautiful,
round buttocks, to caress and knead them, and explore their exquisite fullness.
As you command me to spread your cheeks, and work the jelly into your asscrack,
I begin to shiver with anticipation.  You lower your ass on my pole, and it is
tough to squeeze in at first, but then I push deeper, and your warm cheeks
surround my cock, and with my hands firmly on your wide hips, helping you move
up and down, I am nearly in heaven. The thought of seeing you in the flesh
after all our conversations had made my heart beat very fast, but you are even
hotter and more daring than I had imagined! I feel my cock push past your
spincter, and your ass begins to tighten, squeezing my cock.  I know you need
me to go easy, as this is your first time, and I want only good experiences for
you.  I caress your hair, and kiss you gently on your back, and keep my cock
where it is, until I can feel you relax.  There, Shawna.  I can feel you are
getting close to your limit, and that you want e to pull out of you, and at the
same time, you desperately want me to fill your ass to the brim with semen.
Focussing on the warmth and generosity of your ass cheeks brings me to climax
just as you begin to pull out, and I come spurting strongly into you in waves.
As you stand up, my creamy semen drips from your asscrack, and you spread it
all over your ass, getting it glistening and wet, and then lick the remaining
come from your fingers. You look at me with a wry smile, and I know you are
still hungry. You take my hand and lead me to your bedroom, and we get under
the nice, warm covers, pressing our bodies against each other as I begin to get
hard again.  My mouth seeks out yours, and as we kiss, I can sense desire
welling up in me again,  and I pull you closer, until our bodies are pressed
against each other,  and my tongue is in your warm wet mouth, feeling your
tongue in mine.  My hands are carssing the fullness of your hips and derrierre,
and I am getting very stimulated thinking of being inside of that amazing ass
of yours again,  but I decide it is time your tits and cunt got some attention.
We have not talked about your tits much, but they are definitely not second
class citizens!
   I take your left tit into my mouth, and suck on it hard, while my tongue
laps at your nipple, and my right hand reaches to pull on your other nipple.
Shawna, I had been concentrating on your ass so much, I hadn't realized how
nice your breasts are!  You begin to moan from the stimulation, and I continue
to work on your tits, hoping to getou to climax this way before I go on to some
serious cuntlicking.  After playing with your tits and getting your nipples
nice and hard, it is time for your cunt to be properly creamed. My lips and
tongue work my way down from your tits toward your belly, the finally to your
slit.  You smell delicious, and I heartedly dive right in between your
thighs.Your cunt juices are nice and tart, and  I am soon lapping at your cunt,
working my tongue in as far as I can  to get more of your love elixir. Your
warm thighs press against my face as I tongue you, and your body begins to
quiver.  I lap at you faster and faster, and finally start sucking on your clit
to get you off. You come with a yell and a big sigh, but I continue to tongue
you, hoping for another orgasm, and then another...  After about half an hour,
and 4 or 5 orgasms, it is time for us to consummate our love in the old
fashioend way.
   Your cunt is so nice and loose and wet right now that I slide right into
your warm hole, and feel at home immediately.  I am in a playful mood, and
suggest we change positions while keeping me still inside you. We roll around
for a while, all the time with my cock nice and hard in your cunt, just getting
used to the sensation of being in you.  I am teasing you, Shawna, just to keep
up the excitement, and also to let you know how much I appreciate you. Finally,
with a little difficulty, I get back on top, again without leaving you,  and
start to thrust my hips into you.   All this activity has gotten me more than a
little tired, and it takes a while to bring me to climax, but you are nice and
patient, tightening your vaginal muscles to increase the friction. Orgasm com
over me in a delicious wave, and this time I come and come  for what seems like
eternity, spurting more and more semen into you,  so much that I can feel your
insides fill up!


