She-Male Shopping Spree
featuring Chelsea and Victoria, two gorgeous chicks
with dicks - and an attitude!
by Mistress Tawny Suede

     "Oh god, I feel so incredibly horny!" said Victoria.
     "Well, sugar, if we hurry back to the apartment, I've got just the
cure," said her best friend and roommate, Chelsea.
     Victoria looked the stunning black girl in the eye and giggled.
"Actually, I haven't been able to get that cute little salesgirl out of
my
mind," she said as she and Chelsea left the restaurant and headed back
into the mall.
     "Where are you going? The stores are all about to close." Chelsea
called after her, hurrying to catch up.
     "I know. That's part of my idea!"
     The two roomies made quite a sight as they hurried down the mall.
Victoria was about five-foot-five with long wavy blonde hair that fell
almost to her shoulders. She wore a light blue cashmere sweater over
her ample bosom and a short tight leather skirt that showed off her
long luscious legs. Chelsea was about three inches taller with
extremely short cropped hair of kinky tight curls. Her own breasts
were only slightly smaller than Victoria's but her tight purple top
left
little of that to the imagination. She had a large ass which drew many
eyes to her own long ebony thighs and calves, the muscles stretched
tight by the five inch heels she wore.
     As the girls reached the clothing store the cute seventeen year
old
brunette salesclerk was just about to close the glass door and lock up.
     "Hey, girl, hold on. My friend here wants to buy that blouse she
was looking at!" cried Chelsea. Susan (as her nametag proclaimed her
to be) hesitated. "Well, you do work on commission, don't you? Do
you want the sale or don't you?" Susan looked back into the store,
where a teenage boy looked at her impatiently. The boyfriend
probably, and probably waiting to take her home, or more likely for a
quick grope in the back of the car.
     "Well, alright," she said pushing the door open far enough for the
two girls to squeeze through. And Victoria made sure that she did have
to SQUEEZE through, tightly enough that her large breasts brushed
against Susan's own. Victoria felt an erotic thrill run through her
body,
and the look in Susan's eyes showed she had felt the same. Susan
locked the door so that no other customers could get in.
     "I know just which blouse I want," Victoria told Susan. "Why
don't you come help me. Chelsea here will keep your boyfriend
entertained," she giggled as she took Susan's hand and dragged her to
the back of the store. Susan looked at Rusty, shrugged her shoulders
and let the blonde lead her.
     "Now, let's see, it was this one ... no, maybe that one. Oh, I'd
better
try them both on. And this skirt too. And that one, if the colour's all
right. Do you think that colour will look good on me?" Victoria
gathered three or four blouses and a couple of skirts and headed back
to the change rooms. Susan followed.
     Meanwhile, Chelsea began chatting up Rusty, who was actually
quite handsome for a high school kid. Maybe there was something here
for her too, if he was adventuresome! Hmmmmmm!
     Victoria went into the change room and quickly disrobed,
removing her sweater, skirt and bra, leaving on only her panties,
garters and stockings and her high heels. She donned one of the sheer
satin blouses and tight skirts. The thought of what she hoped to do to
the young brunette brought her nipples to stiff erection, plainly
visible
through the satin blouse. As Victoria stepped out of the change room,
Susan gasped as she caught sight of her.
     "You... you look like dynamite in that outfit. Awesome!"
     "Do you really think so? Does it show off my legs?"
     "Ye... yes it does!"
     "And my tits? Will men notice my tits?"
     "Oh yes. Yes."
     "Well maybe I better try another blouse" said Victoria as she went
back into the change stall. A moment later she called out to Susan,
"Could you come in here and help me for a moment?"
     Susan pushed open the door and came face to face with Victoria's
naked titflesh as Victoria slowly rolled her fingers across her
nipples!
"Oh dear!" cried Susan.
     "Did I startle you? Oh, I'm sorry," said Victoria. "It's just that
satin
has this erotic effect on me, if you know what I mean."
     "Yes, it, it does that to me to," said Susan, licking her lips.
"You ...
you have wonderful tits ... I mean breasts."
     "But don't you think they're too large?" asked Victoria as she
continued to caress them. "I like yours much better" she said as she
reached out her fingers to touch Susan's right tit mound. Susan moaned
and, before she could stop her automatic response, pushed her breast
more firmly against Victoria's hand. Victoria now used both hands to
slowly rub Susan's breasts through her blouse and bra.
     Suddenly realizing what was happening, Susan stammered, "You...
you wanted my help?"
     "Yes, the zipper on this skirt is stuck and won't come undone."
Susan reached for the zipper and gave it a tug, it was indeed stuck.
"Maybe if you get on your knees, you can get better downward
pressure," suggested Victoria, pushing the salesgirl down to the floor.
In that position, her face inches from Victoria's crotch, Susan tugged
and sure enough the zipper came loose and the skirt fell to the floor.
     A heavy aroma struck Susan's nostrils as a bizarre sight met her
eyes....

     Meanwhile, Chelsea had been making quick progress with Rusty.
She had him backed against the wall, her lips locked to his, her tongue
deep in his mouth. Rusty eagerly sucked the black girl's tongue deep
into his mouth, as his left hand stole upwards to land on Chelsea's
breast.
     Out of breath, Rusty broke the passionate kiss, quickly looking
about to see if Susan had noticed. But she had gone into the back room
with the other girl, and who knew how long they'd be gone.
     "You ever kiss a black girl before, honey?" asked Chelsea.
     "Uh uh," replied Rusty as he continued to toy with her titmound.
"You ever have a black girl's nipple in your mouth, or have a black
chick fondle your little willie?" she asked as her one hand grabbed his
dick through his jeans.
     "No.. uh uh"
     "Well, suck on this, sugar" cried Chelsea as she pulled down the
top of her tank top and pulled Rusty's mouth to her fat nipple. Rusty's
lips eagerly locked onto the deep ebony erection and he sucked
eagerly, hungrily. "Yeah, that's it honey, use your teeth on it. Toy
with
it, rasp it, make it good and hard, and I'll get you good and hard".
Chelsea slowly rubbed her hand along the length of Rusty's growing
dick trapped in his tight jeans. She whipped his head over to her other
breast and Rusty feasted some more.
     Rusty groaned and squirmed, trying to wiggle his penis to a more
comfortable position. As his hand reached for his belt, Chelsea drew
his face upwards and slapped his cheek. "Uh uh, honey. You do what
mama tells you to and you'll get your rocks off soon enough. But for
now, you just suck my nice fat titters."
     Periodically, Chelsea pulled Rusty's face upwards and they locked
lips in a deep hungry kiss. At those times, Rusty's fingers teased,
tweaked and pinched Chelsea's fat nipples, keeping up the torrid erotic
torment which she craved. As Rusty munched on her breast flesh,
Chelsea's hand toyed with her own groin, caressing herself to a fevered
pitch of pleasure.
     Finally she pushed the boy back against a table and quickly pulled
down his britches. Rusty's hard eight inch dick waved about wildly,
precum oozing down its alabaster length. Her tits flopping out of her
top, Chelsea dropped to her knees and quickly engulfed the head of the
boy's dick in her hot mouth, eagerly lapping up the copious juices
spewing from the piss hole. Soon she was fucking the rigid rod in and
out of her mouth, deep to the back of her mouth and back out to where
her tongue teased the underside of the glans.
     Rusty bucked his hips wildly as his hands guided the sexy black
woman's head up and down his rampant love tool. Soon he would be
squirting his seed deep down the black bitches' throat, but the fun
would only be beginning ....

     Susan stared in disbelief. "That's a ... that's a ....Oh
mygodmygodmygod .....Your a man!" Susan couldn't believe her eyes.
Nestled inside Victoria's panties was a limp, but good sized man's
penis. But, that was impossible. She looked upwards, to Victoria's
face, and had to bend backwards to see Victoria's eyes past her large
breasts!
     "What ... what are you?!? Is that... is that THING real?"
     "Well, you're the one on your knees. Why don't you find out?" said
Victoria as she undid her panties at the special clasps at the side, so
that they could be removed from underneath her garter belt. Victoria's
limp cock was now free, and waving just inches from Susan's mouth.
With the tip of her finger under Susan's chin, Victoria tilted Susan's
head back. Just a half step forward placed the tip of Victoria's dick
on
Susan's lips. In a daze, Susan opened her lips and Victoria slid her
rod
home into the young brunette's mouth.
     Still confused, Susan just knelt there, so Victoria had to slowly
begin to pump her dick in and out of the salesgirl's mouth. As she did
so, she began to get her erection, and as her cock got thicker and
longer, Susan's tongue began to work around the dick, slathering it,
tasting it. Susan reached her hands behind Victoria and grasped her
buttocks, holding tight as she began to help in the face fuck. Still
confused about just what kind of creature Victoria was, Susan could
accept the reality of a hard throbbing penis, sliding its delicious
length
across her tongue and pushing against the back of her mouth.
     On the next thrust, Susan opened her throat and Victoria's entire
ten inches disappeared past her lips. The tip of Victoria's dick pushed
deep into Susan's throat as the pubic hair above the root of her dick
tickled Susan's nose and her large ball sac swung against Susan's chin.
     And now, Susan took control of her cocksucking, using her hands
to control the thrusting of Victoria's hips, slowing the pace so that
her
tongue could play along the shemale's entire shaft. As the dick head
popped from her lips, Susan grasped the shaft and fisted it as her
tongue flicked excitedly along the base of the glans.
     Victoria shivered. Her cock in good hands (and mouth) she used
her own hands to tweak and pull at her own rigid nipples. God, she'd
been right about this sexy little high school slut. Victoria could feel
the
scum boiling in her balls as Susan's fist and tongue began to bring her
to climax. But this was too soon, not yet ...
     Victoria lifted Susan to her feet. A string of precum from
Victoria's
cock dangled from Susan's pink lips. Victoria crushed her lips to
Susan's, sucking up the pre-cum and tasting her own essence from deep
inside the brunette's mouth. Susan gasped for breath. Victoria quickly
removed Susan's blouse and bra, the teen's small but firm tits now
waving free, her tight little nipples shivering from Victoria's quick
caress.
     Susan crushed herself to the blonde shemale, their tongues
duelling
as their tits mashed against each other. Susan spread her thighs and
Victoria's stiff dick slid easily between them to slide along the
length of
Susan's moist pussy slit.
     "Oh god, yes! I want you to shove your hard dick deep inside me!"
purred Susan. "Jeez! I can't believe I'm gonna be fucked by a girl with
a dick!"
     "Not yet babe. Why don't we go take a peek at how Chelsea's
doing with your boyfriend?"
     "Boyfriend! Heck, that's just my twin brother, Rusty! And if your
friend's anything like you, I bet he's long out the door by now!"
     "We'll see," said Victoria. "Chelsea has a habit of changing
people's minds!"

     Rusty was going out of his fucking mind! Chelsea was sucking
savagely on his left nut as her fist jerked away at his rigid tool.
Then
her lips travelled back up the length of his shaft and once again
engulfed the head of his engorged dick. God, he'd never had his dick
sucked like this before!
     Susan would have been surprised to find out just how sexually
experienced her brother was; . Rusty was considered quite hot by the
girls in his class and had had no problem finding hot wet teen holes
eager to be filled by his pecker. But jesus, those girls were amateurs
compared to this black bitch. God, he couldn't wait to fuck her, but
let
her finish sucking him off first, he had lots of cum stored up in his
balls!
     Rusty could feel the scuz building up to the explosion point. If
this
black bitch kept sucking him like this, she was going to get a mouthful
of boiling jism!
     But it was not to be, at least not at the moment; Chelsea had
other
plans. As Rusty's balls were about to shoot their seed, she suddenly
clamped down tightly on his dick, squeezing it tight and cutting off
his
ejaculation just micro seconds before it began. Rusty moaned, "Oh
God, let me cum. Let me spurt down your throat!", but Chelsea said,
"Not yet babe, it's your turn to do me!"
     Disappointed at not cumming, but eager to get a taste of juice
dripping black pussy, Rusty hopped off of the table as Chelsea took his
place. Rusty dropped to his knees in anticipation of getting his first
ever sight of a wild black beaver. But it was going to be wilder than
even he had expected.
     Chelsea undid her skirt and threw it aside. Rusty was excited at
the
sight of her sheer stockinged legs and eagerly grasped at her panties
but Chelsea slapped his hands away. She undid the special clasps at the
side of her panties and drew them from under her garter belt. She then
grasped Rusty's head and drew it to her crotch.
     But Rusty drew back in horror. Instead of a delicious black quim,
overflowing with pussy juices, this chick had a dick as big as his own.
     "What the -?" choked Rusty as he tried to pull away from the
coiled length, just inches from his lips.
     "Now Rusty, my boy. I gave you a good licking, now it's your turn
to do me!"
     "But, you've got a cock! You're a guy!"
     "Believe me, white boy, I'm all woman. I've just got a few
accessories that don't come with the standard model! Now suck my
clitty cock like a nice boy, huh!" And with that she pulled Rusty's
face
tight against her sweaty groin, wiping his face across her dormant
dick.
     Her hands were powerful, and Rusty was in an awkward position.
He tried to push back, to stand, but he failed. Finally he had to gasp
for
breath, and Chelsea easily slid the tip of her now rising dick between
the young boy's lips. Rusty tried to spit it out, but Chelsea began to
choke him, until his resistance died.
     Soon, Chelsea was controlling his head, bobbing it up and down on
her hard black truncheon, directing the fucking of his virgin mouth.
And as she gave him directions, he began to follow them. "Lick it,
stick out your tongue and lick my shaft! Suck the head - that's it, oh
yes, use your teeth under the glans. Oh yeah, baby, you were born to
suck my long clitty!"
     And perverse as it was, Rusty found himself enjoying the sensation
of having a long powerful dick ploughing in and out of his mouth. The
flavour of the black girl's dick was strong, musky. The precum that
oozed from the piss hole was sweet, the texture syrupy.
     "You like sucking my dark meat stick, don't you white boy" asked
Chelsea.
     "Uh-huh!" responded Rusty, and he really did mean it! Chelsea no
longer had to buck her hips forward to slide her cock into his mouth;
Rusty had begun to bob his head up and down, his lips forming a tight
ring around the dark throbbing member, his tongue washing the sides
of the truncheon. As he drew his head back up the shaft and sucked on
the very tip of the glans, eagerly vacuuming in Chelsea's precum, his
tight fist pounded up and down her cock, jerking the black shemale to
within bare moments of a nerve wrenching climax.
     Chelsea moaned, "Oh yeah. Do it to me, sweet white boy. Jerk
mama's cock. I wanta cum so bad. Suck my seed out of me!"
     Rusty took the entire glans in his mouth and raked his teeth along
the underside of the glans as he fisted Chelsea furiously. He could
feel
her cock expanding as the jism travelled up the shaft. Just as it was
about to explode into his mouth, he heard a mewling cry from beside
him and another hand clasped around Chelsea's rod. "Jeeezus!" cried
Chelsea, "let me cum, for Christ's sake!"
     The hand was Susan's. She had stood watching her twin hungrily
feeding on that long black chunk of meat, eyes wide with surprise - but
only for a minute until lust overtook her.
     Victoria stood in the doorway, slowly fisting her own erect dick,
knowing that it would soon find a delectable hole to fill, watching the
fun as brother and sister fought over Chelsea's pulsing cock. Wasn't
this always the way?
     Susan pulled the cock from Rusty's grasp and plopped the head
between her own ruby lips. She released the pressure and the cum
again began to flow up Chelsea's shaft. But Rusty's hand now gripped
the rod firmly. Chelsea screamed in frustration. She reared up and
slapped Susan across the face, stunning her. Susan fell back and
watched.



She-Male Shopping Spree
featuring Chelsea and Victoria, two gorgeous chicks
with dicks - and an attitude!
by Mistress Tawny Suede

Part 2 of 2

     Rusty clamped his lips around the wanton shemale's dick head and
was rewarded with a blast of slick jism across his tongue. Without
thinking he swallowed the load. God that tasted fantastic, he thought
in
the millisecond before the second blast from Chelsea's piss hole. This
gob, he played around on his tongue, savouring the musky rich flavour
and slimy texture. But his was his undoing.
     Thick jism continued to stream from Chelsea's dick. The dark
skinned shemale sobbed out her ecstasy as orgasm after orgasm
wracked through her body. Her fingers pulled and twisted at her thick
nubbins as she teased her self further. And Rusty couldn't gulp down
the semen fast enough.
     Gobs of jism leaked past the fuck shaft that was buried in his
mouth. Finally Rusty had to pull the dick from his mouth to keep from
choking, and the last few jets of cum showered his face. Eagerly Susan
knelt beside her brother and began to lick the fresh scum from his
face.
between lickings, she said, "God, Rusty, I never knew you had it in
you to do something like this!"
     Rusty looked at his sister and saw the grin on her face and the
cum
leaking from between her lips and down her chin. A single drop fell
from her chin and landed on the very tip of her taut nipple. He bent
his
lead and licked the drop of cum from her nipper. Susan shivered.
"Neither did I, Sis. Neither did I!" They laughed together.
     Susan reached over and tentatively grasped her twin brother's
cock.
She gave it a pull or two and then released it. Rusty in turn pushed
Chelsea's wilting cock to Susan's eager lips and the female sibling
eagerly slurped the remainder of the black dominant bitch's shemale
seed from her shaft.
     Then Susan and Rusty fell to the floor, exhausted. They nestled in
each other's arms, tentatively stroking each other's sexual parts,
aware
that they were making promises of more excitement to come between
them.
     Suddenly, Victoria stood above them, her large breasts heaving
and still fisting her long thick rod. "Hey, don't I get to have some
fun,
too?"
     "Sure," cried Susan, "What's next?"
     "You sure seem to love that prick of your brother's. Are you sure
you two have never gone at it with each other?"
     Embarrassed, Susan quickly let go of Rusty's cock, but not before
giving it a final squeeze. Rusty moaned. "Perhaps he'd like to put it
to
good use by fucking me."
     Rusty was on his feet instantly. "You bet I would," he cried.
"Only.... where?"
     "In my ass, you silly thing!"
     "What about me?," said Susan. "You were going to fuck me!"
     "Will I do, sugar." Susan had momentarily forgotten about
Chelsea, at least until she looked at the black shemale and saw that
Chelsea had already fisted herself to another full erection!
     Susan licked her lips. She'd never been fucked by a black cock
before, though she had sucked off Levar Washington, the football
team's running back. "You bet!" she replied, with pleasure. "Where do
you want me?"
     "Why not right here on the edge of the table - side-by-side - you
and Victoria, with stud Rusty and I standing and putting it to you.
Whataya say, Rusty?"
     "Sounds great to me, Chelsea!"
     "Looks like you need a little help getting ready though!" said
Chelsea. Indeed, Rusty's prick had wilted a bit during the lull in the
action. "Susan, girl, why don't you give your brother a coupl'a licks
to
get him ready!"
     Susan hesitated for only a moment, and then knelt in front of her
twin. She didn't need to use her hands at all. At the sight of his
sister
kneeling in front of him, tits bobbing, ready to suck on his cock,
Rusty's dick instantly rose to half mast and then slid easily past his
Susan's painted lips. "Oh god, Sis, you don't know how long I've
wanted you to do that!"
     Chelsea fisted her own rod. "Well I'm ready for round two, and
so's
this white bitch!" she said as she reached underneath Susan and dipped
two fingers deep into the teen girl's pussy. Susan squirmed in
anticipation.
     Victoria sat on the edge of the table and lifted her legs at
Chelsea's
command. The black shemale tried to press her fingers up Victoria's
ass, but the white shemale's asshole was dry, unyielding. As Susan
still
licked and slurped at Rusty's cock, Chelsea pulled Rusty's face to
Victoria's asshole. "Lick it, white trash. You want to fuck this whore,
you've got to make sure she's good and ready!"
     Rusty eagerly lathed his tongue all around Victoria's asshole,
wetting it, dampening it, slickening it in preparation for penetration
with his rampant dick. At Chelsea's command, he pushed his tongue
past Victoria's rosebud and pushed his spit inside as far as his tongue
would reach, which was not very far. Victoria was greatly enjoying the
sight of the teen boy eating out her ass. She squeezed her large tit
mounds. "That's enough," she cried. "I want to be fucked. Get up here
and push that dick inside of me, slut boy. Fuck me good and fuck me
hard!!"
     Susan looked lost as Rusty drew his cock out from between her
lips. But Chelsea picked her up bodily and sat her on the edge of the
table, beside Victoria. Together, Rusty and Chelsea, hard cocks in
hand, approached their respective sex partners, eager to plunge their
dicks into the hot holes that awaited them.
     Chelsea took the plunge first - her dick was hard and Susan's quim
was squishy. Her dick head parted the teen tramp's pussy lips easily
and her black shaft slid easily into Susan's love channel. "Oooooo that
feels wonderful," cried Susan. Chelsea's seven inch dick was not as
long as her shemale roommate's ten incher, but it was much thicker
and it's width spread Susan's cunnie wide. "Yeah, babe, fuck me with
your hard dick!"
     As Rusty stepped up to Victoria, his mind was blown away by
what he saw: a beautiful black haired bitch in her early twenties with
huge tits to die for, resting back on her elbows on the table, her legs
spread wide waiting for him - and between her thighs a limp dick
sitting above a large pair of balls, but all nestled gently above a
puckered asshole which was primed with his own saliva and ready for
action!
     Victoria reached for his rampant dick and pulled it to her
asshole.
"Yeah, lover, put it in me. I'm ready for a good fuck!" No sooner had
his pisshole touched the white shemale's anal pucker than he thrust
forward and easily sank a full three inches deep! This bitch was hot
and ready - and experienced! "That's it Rusty, push it in. Push it
deep!
AHhhhhh! That's it. Oh yes, baby!" she cried as he thrust forward,
sinking the remainder of his eight inches down her hershey chute!
     Rusty's mind was all agog with so many firsts! He'd never watched
anyone be fucked before, especially not his sister! And he'd never
imagined anyone being fucked up the ass, and especially not with him
doing the ramrodding. And he'd certainly never seen chicks with dicks,
or ever imagined them. But it was all coming true.
     He and Chelsea set up a rhythm fucking their cocks deep into
Victoria and Susan. Long pulls out of the gals' holes so that dick
heads
were almost all the way out and then deep thrusts fully imbedding their
hard penises.
     Susan lay back on the table, her long brown hair tossing from side
to side in an ecstatic frenzy. Chelsea grasped ahold of each of Susan's
titmounds by their erect nipples and pulled and groped, using the
mounds of flesh as handles to get a firmer grip.
     Victoria sat up fully on the table, her anal pussy hanging over
the
edge to allow Rusty to continue to plow her shemale cunt. Her lips
locked onto Rusty's and they traded spit as their tongues raped each
others' mouths. Rusty was excited by the feel of the shemale's large
tits
as their erect nipples rasped across his chest, and even more excited
by
Victoria's dick, now fully erect, which banged against his stomach each
time he pounded into her. He released one hand from her back and
began to jerk on the she-tramp's ten inch dick. "Oh yeah babe, pull on
my pussy stick. Make me cum all over your chest!"
     But it was not to be, at least not at the moment. With a final
frenzied thrust, Rusty slammed his pulsing rod deep into the dark
haired girl's bowels as his dick began to shoot wad after copious wad
of slimy jism. Rusty released Victoria's dick and wrapped his arms
around her, squeezing her tight as waves of pleasure shot through his
body in time with his powerful ejaculations. Finally his dick stopped
shooting and began to wilt. He pulled it slowly from Victoria's asshole
and gobs of cum began to drop from the distended hole onto the carpet.
     "We can't have this making a mess, now can we?" cried Victoria as
she pushed Rusty to his knees. "Suck it out. Clean up my ass!'" she
ordered him. Victoria spread her legs wide and grasped her own dick
and began jerking it as Rusty indeed placed his lips to her widened
asshole and began slurping up his own fuck seed as it oozed out of her
nether pussy.
     This sight was just too much for both Chelsea and Susan who both
climaxed at the same time, Chelsea spraying her second load of the
night deep the deepest recesses of the brunette's quim. As they came
down from their climax, they lay together for a few moments, watching
Rusty avidly sucking out Victoria's asshole and began to whisper
together conspiratorially.
     These two climbed down from the table and pushed Rusty down
onto the floor. Susan knelt over her brother, her pussy just inches
from
his mouth. Rusty could see a pool of Chelsea's jism gathered at the
mouth of Susan's quim. "Do you want to suck me out, Rusty?" his
sister asked. Rusty nodded eagerly. "Well, her it is!" she cried as she
sat down on his face, her sopping quim directly on his mouth and her
pungent asshole just a bare half inch from his nose. "Oh yeah, brother!
Suck it out good. Make me cum again! OOOOhhhhh!" she cried as his
tongue lanced deep into her pussy and brought out a succulent load of
shemale semen. He wolfed it down greedily.
     But Rusty had other ideas at the moment, while his sister was in
such a randy mood. He sat up and pushed her over onto her back and
knelt between her thighs, his dick once again hard and he knew, he just
KNEW that she wouldn't stop him from plunging his dick into her
quim.
     But she did! As he knelt there on all fours, straddling her, she
placed her hands over her dripping cunt and smiled up at Chelsea and
Victoria. "Not yet, oh brother of mine," she said. "Not until the girls
get to have their fun again". She remained where she was, trapped
under him, as Chelsea knelt at their heads and presented her stiff dick
for Rusty to suck. It was still covered with her own jism and also
Susan's pussy juices. "Suck me again, white trash" Chelsea
commanded. "Suck me real good and your sister will let you fuck her
as much as you want!"
     Rusty didn't have to be prodded. He opened wide and Chelsea
drove her dick home into his mouth. Rusty found the flavour to be
wonderful! Chelsea's musky shemale jism mixed with his sister's sweet
pussy nectar - WOW!
     But Rusty had forgotten Victoria, the white shemale with the ten
inch pole which had not yet ejaculated despite all the hot fuck action
that had been going on. But he suddenly remembered her - oh did he
ever! as he suddenly felt a searing pain from his bottom as the white
he-slut lanced her cock deep inside Rusty's asshole!
     Rusty tried to scream out his pain, but this only just allowed
Chelsea's thick cock to slide past his gullet and deep into his throat!
Rusty panicked! He flailed about as one shemale began pumping her
dick in and out of his anal chute, and the other rammed her hard black
rod even deeper down his throat. Susan grabbed ahold of his arms to
keep him from hurting himself or anyone else.
     "Calm down!" his sister commanded him. And slowly, Rusty
began to feel the rhythm that the slutty roommates were working on
him, first one into him deep then the other as the first pulled out. He
began to work with their rythm and to find the pleasure in it. Susan's
was able to release his arms and her fingers began to play with his
erect nipples.
     He realized that he could handle Chelsea's dick being that deep in
his throat if he breathed properly, and as her cock passed his tongue
and teeth he began to tease it.
     And even more, he began to realize that Victoria's cock deep
inside
his asshole felt so very right, awakening new pleasures as it plowed
his
path deep to his bowels. He revelled at the feel of her large ball sac
slapping against his own each time she buried herself to the hilt deep
inside of him.
     Susan spun around and took Rusty's dick into her mouth. Now
each time Victoria plunged into Rusty's virgin ass, his dick slid down
her throat. She chewed on the length of his dick as it passed her
teeth.
     Chelsea was the first to discharge, coating Rusty's throat with
its
creamy load as it shot deep down his throat. Rusty moaned in pleasure,
but suddenly knelt up straight as Victoria exploded deep inside his
ass,
this time coating his bowels with her shemale whitewash.
     Susan lost her grip on Rusty's cock and so it gushed in the open,
his explosion triggered by the warmth surging along his anal cavity.
His jism splattered across Chelsea's mahogany skin.
     Finally, all dicks finished shooting their loads and all parties
were
exhausted. The shemales and the siblings wiped themselves down and
slowly gathered together and donned their clothes.
     Victoria and Chelsea smiled knowingly to Susan as they said,
"Jeez, you guys were hot! Why don't you come stay with us on the
weekend and we can maybe show you a few more tricks!"
     Before Rusty could utter an embarrassed word, Susan spoke up,
"Sure, our folks are going to be away this weekend, so there'll be no
problem."
     "We've got an apartment in the Village that we work out of. Why
don't you come by at about three pm on Saturday, Susan - and bring an
overnight bag." said Chelsea.
     "And YOU, sweet thing," said Victoria to Rusty, "we want you to
come by at ten am. We've got plans for you! And don't bother bringing
any extra clothes - you won't need them!" She kissed him gently on the
lips and groped his groin before the two shemales wandered out of the
store.
     "Jiminy Cricket!" said Rusty.
     "You said it, brother!" echoed Susan!
