Archive-name: Amazon/sheboss.txt
Archive-author:
Archive-title: She's the Boss


    I have been a slave to beautiful black stockinged, high-heeled legs
forever. My passions were limited, however, to pictures in magazine and
newspapers, and as I grew into my late 20s and early 30s my taste ran to
those periodicals that featured domination themes. My fantasies were, I
felt sure, simply that. Them one day two years ago I met the woman who
through beauty, strength and mental superiority proved to be my undoing.
My supreme ruler's name is Janine.
    I was then 35, an average looking profressional who had just
accepted  a position with a corporation where Janine worked. One day I saw
this vision walk through the advertising department where I worked. My
mouth dropped open at the sight of her muscular, shapely legs
(SEE JANINE1 PICT). On her feet were the sexiest white heels I had ever seen.
I found out were she worked in the company, and made it my business to meet
her and eventually ask her to lunch. Although she was only 23 at the time,
she had experience with men making fools of themselves over her strong,
shapely body, and she was amused at my shyness as he accepted my invitation
to dine.
        At the restaurant, after some small talk, Janine asked me the
question that released years of emotion and would ensure a lifetime of
slavery. " You know , I realy couldn't help noticing how you kept looking
down as you asked me to lunch, Donald," she said. "Are you always this
passive or do you just like admiring my feet?" she laughed, obviously
looking right through me with her mocking eyes.
    "I have to admit, your legs and heels are realy beautiful," I said,
afraid to confess immediately about my true hopes, which were to serve as her
doormat.
    "Well," said Janine, "I keep in shape By doing lots of exercising,
running and swimming, of course, but my favorite sport is unusual for a girl.
I'm quite a good boxer, Donald. I've loved to work out that way for years.
think you'd like to take me on? " She became more and more confident that
she had my head swimming from this talk.
    I was almost dizzy during lunch, anf looking back on it now, I
seem to remember that she practically commanded me to be at her apartment that
coming Saturday at 8:00 pm for our bout.
        That night when I showed up ,Janine was wearing the same white
ankle-strap heels, a pair of red bikini underwere and a black bra.
As she let me into her apartment, I saw two pairs of red boxing gloves,
a camera and dog collar and leash. "Come in Donald, I certianly hope you'er
ready to box," she said ,picking up the gloves asking me to assist her.
    "This should be great," I said, so nervous and excited that I could
hardly hear my own words. "What's that stuff for ?" I asked, pointing to the
items on the couch.
    "Oh,just for fun," she said "Who ever wins our little match gets
to turn the loser into a slave for the night. So instead of fighting for
a championship belt, lets fight fight for the right to the leash, OK?"
She knew that I wanted more then anything to be on that leash and she
knew  it would,'t be long before that would be the case.
    After striping down to my underwear and with gloves raised, we
began the most one sided fight in apartment boxing history, Easily avioding
a soft left jab from me ,she belted a left to the ribs. I winced, and then
a left and right quickly put me on the carpet. As I looked up at this
punching machine, I realized I had absolutely no desire to fight back. It
didn't matter if this beautiful Amazon pulzerized me. And she did. I became
a total punching bag for this cruel dominant. And after knocking me down
for the twentieth time, Janine ordered me back on my feet so she could end
the bout. My head woozy and sore, I stood up as this boxing bitch slowly
put her left hand under my chin and raised her right to deliver the final
blow.
    " Tell me who's the boss," said Janine, with a wicked smile and a
look of control in her eyes.
    " You are Janine, you are please put me away. Knock me out," I
begged. I couldn't wait to be her leashed leg servent.
    With that, Janine said " Lights out sissy boy." she hammered me into
endless slavery with her victorious right. The leash was then applied and I
spent the entire evening as her severent, worshiping her legs, feet and ass.

    I hope readers who enjoy this form of female domination will
        correspond. write to,

    JAINIE
    BOX 370501
    66 NE 39TH STREET
    MIAMI, FL 33137

--
