S H E  L I K E S  T O  D A N C E 
 
By: Optikal Assault 
 
It all started because my husband, Carl, likes to show me off to 
his friends. I have a nice face, and a really good body. My 
husband says I am a perfect 10. Whenever he goes on a trip, he 
always buys me some sexy underwear, or a sexy swimsuit. Although 
I never wear the underwear when other people are around, I do not 
mind wearing the most revealing swimsuits, or the skimpiest 
bikini. I always attract a lot of attention from the guys around 
the pool. I enjoy it because it makes me feel daring and sexy. 
 
Last winter, my husband got excited about the idea of showing off 
more of my body in public. I felt shy about it, but since we try 
to help each other out with our fantasies, I thought I should try 
to go along with him. We talked about lots of options, from nude 
beaches to posing for some modeling shots. Those things sounded 
okay to me, and I agreed to try some of them when spring came. 
 
One day in April, my husband called me at work in the late 
afternoon. He sounded very excited, and he told me to meet him at 
a club called "Jake's" as soon as I got off work. Jake's is a 
nice place where he and I sometimes party. He said he had found 
our fantasy. 
 
At five, I got into my car and shot over to "Jake's," curious to 
find out what all this excitement was about. He met me just 
inside the lobby, and escorted me to a cozy booth. "What's up?," 
I asked him. 
 
With a mischievous grin, he reached into his jacket, and pulled 
out a flier. He held it up for me to read. "It's an amateur 
contest here at Jake's!," he said. I looked at him blankly. "You 
know!," he continued. "Wet T-shirt. Topless, if you want!" 
 
Just then, the waitress brought our drinks. I do not think I ever 
needed one as badly as I did then. I was petrified, and cast 
about wildly for a way to talk him out of this insanity. Sitting 
topless on a beach was one thing, but dancing nude in front of a 
hundred people was more than I was ready for. 
 
He persisted, though, and over the next week I grew more 
accepting of the idea. I convinced myself that the $500 prize 
money could buy us a vacation or a new refrigerator. I also 
noticed that our lovemaking was even more passionate than usual, 
and on my part at least, was accompanied by fantasies of people 
looking at me. Finally, I agreed to do it. 
 
Since I had only two weeks to get ready, I arranged to go to a 
tanning salon every day after work to get rid of my winter 
whiteness. I have always been a good dancer, but each night I 
practiced and worked out a little routine to ZZ Top's song 
"Legs." My husband says the song could have been written about 
me. It really turned him on to watch me dance, particularly the 
last part when I pulled off my pink T-shirt. He always had a huge 
hardon when I finished, and I always put it to good use. His cock 
is nine inches long, and I have never been able to get very much 
of it in my mouth, but as each night passed and our excitement 
increased while the event grew closer, I noticed that I was able 
to suck it in at least an extra inch per night. On the night 
before the contest, I felt his dark and curly pubes tickling my 
nose as his hot, sweet cum shot all the way down the back of my 
throat. 
 
On the night of the contest, though, he practically had to drag 
me into "Jake's." The club was packed, and I noticed that at 
least three men I knew from work were there. I could have died. 
 
When I got backstage, I calmed down a little. Most of the others 
were as scared as I was, since we were all local girls who had 
never done this kind of thing before. There were a dozen of us, 
and we helped each other with our hair and costumes. My husband 
had given me a large bottle of baby oil, and I dutifully oiled 
myself until I glistened like polished chrome. 
 
I was the last one to go out. The waiting was agony. I had a knot 
in my stomach, and could not see what was going on out front, but 
when each girl came back from her dance, I could see the 
excitement in her eyes. Since they were all beautiful, I knew I 
did not have a chance of winning. I looked in the mirror, and 
adjusted the little pink and yellow striped triangles that 
covered my crotch and butt, knotted the hot pink T-shirt tight in 
front, and when they finally called my name, said to myself, 
"Give 'em hell!" 
 
When I got on stage, I was surprised because the lights were so 
bright and so hot. I could not see anyone out in the audience, 
and that helped me to relax. Two waiters came on stage, each with 
a bucket of water. As the music started, they doused me with it. 
 
As I danced, I was filled with a wonderful mixture of fear and 
sensuality. I was aware of the tight, firm globes of my breasts. 
I was aware of my cunt and my ass. As the men cheered me on, I 
danced like never before. 
 
Suddenly, I realized that I was nearly at the end of the song. I 
almost hesitated, but the excitement was building within me so 
much that the thought of not taking my clothes off was the most 
disappointing thought there could be. In one quick movement, I 
pulled my shirt off. 
 
The crowd was impressed. I was so turned on I could not breathe. 
My nipples were as tight as two cherry pits, and as I ran my 
fingers over them, I could feel the energy in the room rise. 
 
The song had reached the last chorus when I realized that this 
was not enough for me, and with that thought, I grabbed the bow 
at the side of the bikini, and yanked as hard as I could. The 
next second, I was standing in front of a hundred men, perfectly, 
gloriously, and completely naked, wearing just my high heels, my 
wet hair, and the oil glistening on my body. The crowd went wild 
as I pushed my cunt toward them, slowly drew my fingers up the 
inside of my thighs, and up along the sides of my mound. Then I 
took a long finger, and slid it down my flat belly and into my 
crack, closing my eyes, and cumming harder than I had ever cum 
before. 
 
I guessed I must have won, because the next thing I knew, the two 
waiters were up there with me holding my arms up high and 
cheering. The emcee was shaking a big bottle of champagne and 
pointing it at me. 
 
I do not have to tell you what it looked like as the white foam 
came spurting out of the neck of the bottle, and covered me with 
tiny little bubbles. I closed my eyes, and came again. They 
practically had to carry me offstage. 
 
That night, clutching the winner's check in my hand, I took my 
husband out onto a mattress on the deck in the backyard, and made 
him fuck my body until neither of us could cum again. When we 
awoke, the sun was shining brightly, and we were naked before the 
world. I had the delicious feeling that one of our neighbors had 
been peeking at us through the fence. 
 
The story could have ended there, if not for the fact that my 
husband went out of town for a long business trip about a month 
later. One night, after he had been gone for a few days and I was 
sick of watching television alone, I got into the car and drove 
down to "Jake's." I suppose I was drawn by the memory of the 
excitement I had experienced there. 
 
Since it was a weeknight, the place was pretty empty. I saw my 
three men friends from work, the same ones that had been there 
the night of the contest, and joined them at the bar. They had 
been nice enough not to embarrass me at work by mentioning the 
dancing. In this environment, I felt they were looking at me in a 
different way, which made me feel warm inside. In a way, they had 
shared the most exciting and sexual night of my life, and their 
company was just what I wanted. 
 
Finally, the bar had emptied except for us and the bartender. The 
talk turned to the contest. They expressed sincerely how turned 
on they had been watching me dance naked. Since they knew me 
personally from the office, they each said it was the most 
exciting thing they had ever seen. It made me feel good to know 
that it had been as special for them as it had for me. I tried to 
explain what I had gone through up there on the stage, and to my 
surprise, they really seemed to understand. We all shared 
humorous experiences from childhood days of nudity "behind the 
woodshed," and laughed at the memories of our shyness and 
excitement at those times. 
 
Drew, the most shy and handsome one of the bunch, looked at me, 
and said, "I'd really like to see you dance again." The others 
all chimed in their agreement. Thinking they were kidding, I made 
a joke about never dancing for less than $500. To my enormous 
surprise, all four of them reached into their wallets, and pulled 
out a crisp new hundred-dollar bill. R.J., the bartender, walked 
over to the till, and pulled out a fifth one. He put it on top of 
the pile. I knew he could get into a lot of trouble for that, and 
I was touched by their sweetness, and fired up by their desire. I 
felt a flame of sexual excitement ignite deep within my cunt and 
lick its way up to my tits. "Who am I kidding?," I thought to 
myself. I want this as much as they do! I gave them my sweetest 
smile, and stuffing the $500 into the pocket of my tight jeans, 
slipped off the barstool, and told them to lock the door and get 
things ready for me. 
 
Backstage, I found some more baby oil. I undressed in front of 
the mirror, and slowly slicked it all over my body, letting the 
moment build. I slipped my panties back on, and pulled the little 
tuxedo shirt I had worn over my jeans. With a little laugh, I 
realized I had even worn heels with my jeans, something I would 
almost never do. I wondered what Freud would have said about 
that! 
 
I heard the music start up outside, and almost fell over myself 
running up the stairs to get on the stage. Again, I was surprised 
by how bright the lights were, and I realized that except for the 
noise, it was impossible to see whether there were four men in 
the audience or four-hundred. I decided to pretend it was 
four-hundred. 
 
Suddenly, I was sprayed down with ice-cold water from two 
buckets. The shock of the cold water sent sparks through me, and 
I began dancing in a sizzling frenzy of lusty motion. 
 
This time I did not wait so long to pull my top off. My breasts 
were outlined in the wet shirt, and as they shimmered and shook, 
they almost cried out to be seen by the eyes of those excited 
men. 
 
I danced topless for awhile, drinking in the long looks of my 
friends until the excitement in my body began to shift from my 
tits to my cunt. I wiggled out of my tiny panties, and felt the 
attention center on my slender waist and hips, at my flat belly, 
and at the place where my legs met my body. I felt like I was 
sucking them deep into my wet cunt from across the room. I closed 
my eyes, and rocked to the music, and as they watched me, I slid 
my finger slowly down through my pubes, and into my crack. I went 
off into waves of ecstasy. 
 
When I opened my eyes, I was surprised to see Drew in front of 
me, swaying to the music without a stitch of clothing on. I guess 
he was not as shy as I thought! He must have seen the excited 
look in my eyes, because he smiled, and dropped to his knees. He 
motioned me forward, toward him. Once again, I could not breathe. 
 
The music slowed, and I danced toward him. He reached out, and 
pulled my wet, silky mound onto his face. He put his hands on 
each of my buttocks. As his tongue flicked back and forth over my 
clit, it sent waves of hot and cold through me. I dropped my head 
back, and arched my breasts forward, dancing for the entire 
crowd. 
 
Then Drew was on his back, and pulling me down on top of him. I 
knelt astride his muscular hips, and felt him inject his hard 
cock deep into the wetness of my warm cunt. His cock was not as 
long as my husband's, but it was thicker, and as I settled down 
on top of it, and began to grind slowly, it filled me with 
excitement. As he bucked beneath me, and I swayed above him, I 
felt the eyes of the others on me. Opening my eyes, I realized 
that I could make out their faces just within the ring of lights. 
I looked deep into their eyes as Drew fucked me. 
 
Drew came long before I wanted him to, shooting hot jets of cum 
deep into my love cave. I was about to cry out in desperation, 
when I felt something soft brush my cheek. 
 
There beside me was R.J., standing above me with the biggest cock 
I had ever seen. "Far out!," I thought. "Tag-team fucking!" 
Gratefully, I turned to him, and sucked him all the way into my 
mouth. Drew grew limp inside me, and lay there on his back with 
his hands behind his head, and watched as I sucked off R.J. When 
he came, filling my mouth with his warm load, I was ready to have 
it done to me. One by one, the others came up with their 
rock-hard cocks ready to penetrate me as the others watched, and 
helped. 
 
At one point, I had a hard cock in each hand, and one in my mouth 
as Drew gave me a douche with iced champagne. He shook the 
bottle, and as the foam spewed out under pressure, shoved it up 
my juicy twat. No man had ever come inside me with that much 
power. It was like a rocket of orgasm taking me away with it. 
After that, I was definitely ready for more, and so were they. 
 
I guess we went on for several hours. Much later, when we had 
stopped for a rest, and were sitting entangled together on the 
stage, I saw R.J. fiddling with something on the side of the 
stage. I asked him what he was doing, and to my shock, he told me 
he had videotaped the whole thing. Fearful, I began to protest, 
but he gently told me to wait before I made a decision, and that 
if I wanted the tape destroyed, it would be mine to destroy. 
 
He rewound the tape and, as we sipped fresh champagne, I watched 
myself dancing and undressing, then being fucked by one after the 
other of these strong young bodies. We all got so excited that we 
went at it all over again. 
 
Now my husband and I watch that video all the time. I was afraid 
to show it to him at first, and I know he was really shocked, but 
we have a pretty open relationship, and besides, it was his 
fantasy that got this whole thing started in the first place. In 
fact, now he is so turned on my the tape, he has organized a 
reunion of the whole group this Saturday night so we can make a 
new video. As for me, well, now that I know what really turns me 
on, I am happy for any opportunity to perform. 
