Archive-name: Bestial/sheepsty.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sheep Story

  
The young man stretched his legs out and turned over to get the sun out
 of his eyes. Sighing, he sat up, stretched his lanky arms above his
 head, and reached for the pottery jug next to him. Raising it to his
 lips, he took a long, slow draw of the wine, a bit warm from being out
 in the sun. but thirst quenching all the same. He missed the village
 lass he had become enamored of, but alas, Heidi had left to visit her
 grandparents on the other side of the valley. Leaning back in the
 dappled shade of the gnarled old tree, he stared up into the leaves and
 began to day-dream about her. The smooth creamy texture of her pale
 skin, the firm, young breasts, ample even at her age...the wondrous
 sparkle of her bright eyes, their blue framed by thick black lashes. The
 long, shapely legs that flashed out from beneath her skirts when he
 chased her across the meadow. The silky, flower-scented hair of
 sun-kissed blonde, hanging to her waist, and usually wreathed with wild
 daisies. Her slender waist, flaring down into full hips. And oh, those
 soft, cool hands that drove him to such frenzy when she daringly would
 sneak them beneath his breeches to fondle him...

   Oh god! Heidi! he thought, why are you so far away?! He became painfully
 aware of a throbbing in his groin, as his desire caused his manhood to
 strain against the breeches he wore, unfortunately, an old somewhat
 tight pair. What to do? Heidi not here. He didn't want to go seeking one
 of the other village girls, not that enough of then didn't cast a long
 glance whenever he walked by, he was according to Heidi, the most
 handsome youth on either side of the valley. Tall, well-muscled, though
 still somewhat a bit lanky due to his age. Broad shouldered, slim
 hipped, and tanned by his hours watching the cows and sheep for his
 parents. Stormy grey eyes that Heidi said made her knees weak when she
 looked into them, and a boyish face with a ready smile. Heidi said it
 was all this and his wondrous blue black raven's wing hair that made her
 first notice him, though she said it was his gentleness and the way he
 looked at her that made her do more than just look at him. The thought
 of THAT made him groan, wanting release, but not wanting anyone but HER.
 Damn it all, Heidi! Why do your grandparents have to live over there?!
 And why couldn't they just come to see you?!

   Standing up, he glanced to check on the small cattle herd grazing by the
 stream. All fine. Contentedly munching away at the sweet meadow grasses.
 "Baaaaaaaaa! Baaaaaaaaaa!" a plaintive bleat suddenly reached his ears.
 Uh oh! Trouble! He picked up his staff, and hurried off towards the
 frightened sounding sheep. One, two, three, four...Eight, nine,
 ten...Wait! Where's the other one? The young black ewe that was born
 just last winter? "Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" came the wild bleating again...
 Over there! Behind the pile of rocks left by that bad avalanche two
 winters ago...He rounded the side of the rock pile, and saw the cause of
 the distress. The young ewe had her foot caught in a crevise in the
 rock. He strode over and tried to free the hoof. The ewe rolled her eyes
 and bleated plaintively. "Shhhhh! It's all right, Little One," he said,
 trying to calm the struggling ewe. "Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" "Shhhhhhh,
 shhhhhh!" he murmured, trying to pull as gently as possible so as to not
 damage the already bleeding hoof any further.

   He suddenly became aware of the soft cushiony feel of the ewe's
 hindquarters thrust against his crotch. Warm, wooly, and oh so
 soft...No! He shouldn't be thinking such things! But, but...what would
 be the harm? He wouldn't REALLY be cheating on Heidi, would he? And the
 ewe certainly wouldn't spread tales on him! The warmth of the ewe
 pressing back into him drove all other thought from his mind. Reaching
 down, he gently pushed her forward, and undid the laces at his waist,
 pulling his breeches down around his feet.

   "Shhhhhhh, there, it will be all right, Little One!" he murmured, as he
 pulled her hindquarters into position and guided himself into place.
 With one last guilty shrug of his shoulders, he gently thrust home. The
 ewe gave a startled bleat and rolled its eyes wildly. It tried to move
 away, but he kept a firm hold of its legs, his hands gripping tightly
 into the thick wool. "No, Little One, I won't hurt you...But I'll not
 let you go just yet, either!" he said quietly, pulling her back into
 place. The ewe tried to jump away, but he held on tightly, and found he
 was becoming quite excited by her continued bucking motions. Moaning, he
 began to thrust in earnest, the warm moistness enveloping him even
 tighter than his own beloved Heidi.

   "Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" bleated the sheep, its struggles less violent.
 "Ahhhhhhh --- Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" the shepherd groaned as he suddenly
 spent himself within the sheep. He slowly withdrew, a slight smile on
 his face, and a pat to the ewe's rump. She had somehow managed to work
 the hoof free, and stood docilely by, cropping at a plant.

 "Ummmmm, ahhh, thank you, Little One," murmured Hans. A sudden commotion
 alerted him to further trouble.  Voices! Better gt the breeches up, and
 fast!  He was just finishing tying the laces when he heard the voices
 again, closer this time.  "Hans! Where are you, boy!"

   "Father! Over here! The black sheep had caught her hoof in a crevice, I
 had to free her," he called, as he hurriedly straightened his pants,
 brushing the dry grass from them.

   "Son! Do you realize the cows wandered away and the sheep got into the
 corn while you were making your rescue?" His father frowned at him,
 striding closer as he scolded. "You should have blown your horn to alert
 me you needed a hand."

   Hans stared at his feet, then looked apologetically at his father. "I'm
 sorry, Papa. I had no idea it would take so long to free her hoof," he
 said sheepishly.

   His father frowned, then shrugged and smiled. "Ahh well, no real harm
 was done. Your mother saw the sheep run into the cornfield as she was
 hanging clothes to dry, and she helped me chase them out before they
 could do much damage." He thumped his son on the shoulder. "Come on
 home, now. Your mother has our meal about ready, and you know how she
 hates for it to get cold."

   Hans and his father herded the cattle back into the fenced pasture near
 their cottage, and checked to make sure the sheep were securely in their
 pen. Hans cast a fond glance at the little black ewe and smiled. The ewe
 blinked large liquid brown eyes at him and trotted off to the far corner
 of the pen.
 
--
