Sheena - Part 1
by Jennifer Lorissa-Leigh

*****

     "I tell you, Arnie, something's going on in there." Jeremy spoke
as he and his friend looked upon the university's Institute for Human
Sexual Studies. "I know Jerry went in there, and never came out."

     "Maybe he just quit school and went home to Nebraska, like they
said," Arnie suggested. "What could possibly be in there that would
cause someone to disappear?"

     "I don't know. Some kind of foul play's going on... maybe one of
the professors is a serial killer, or something like that. I gotta get
in there. I'm getting to the bottom of this."

     "Why don't you call the police if you really think something's
going on in there. It could be dangerous."

     Jeremy got out of the car and faced the huge, gothic redstone
building. "I can't afford to arouse suspicion. If I'm not out of there
in thirty minutes, come in for me." He walked away from Arnie, who
watched fearfully as his friend disappeared into the old structure.

     It was the dinner hour and the halls were empty. Jeremy had just
begun to snoop around when a beautiful woman in a lab coat approached
him. "Looking for someone?" she asked.

     "Uh... yeah. A friend of mine."

     "What's his name?"

     "Jerry."

     The woman led him down a narrow side corridor. "There are a few
students studying in my basement library," she offered. "Maybe he's in
there. Follow me." She walked along the passageway, Jeremy right
behind. Soon, the woman pressed a button on the wall and an elevator
door opened for them.

     "I didn't know there was a basement library," Jeremy commented.

     "Oh, yes..." the woman assured him.

     They descended through what could have been a dozen levels. When
the car finally stopped, the door open to reveal a view of polished
stainless steel and colored lights.

     It was a room that Jeremy did not know even existed. Deep
underground, the bright student followed the beautiful scientist, Dr.
Barbara Curri, into a test chamber. Housed here was her own pet
project, one of several that were pushing back the limits of known
science, and its very existence was totally unknown to the university
staff. Only those who were to experience her research themselves ever
learned of her work, and she kept her secret well.

     Jeremy was not the first student she had led there. Over the past
three years, twenty young men -- including Jerry -- had willingly
followed her right into her surreal, feminine trap. And like the
others, Jeremy was about to learn firsthand of the secret, incredible
work of Barbara Curri.

     "I can't stay too long," Jeremy stated. "I need to find Jerry and
then get back upstairs. Another friend of mine is waiting for me...
we've got tickets to the ball game."

     "What's his name?" Barbara asked.

     "Arnie Parker. I think he used to be in your physics class...
last year."

     He walked up to the machine. It was unlike anything he had ever
seen, with silver metal spheres and chrome piping. More than anything
else, it looked like the kind of device one might see in an old
science fiction movie. It was huge, taking up most of the cavernous
chamber with its conduits and circuitry boxes.

     "Amazing," he commented. You built this yourself?"

     "Not exactly," Barbara answered. "Let's just say... I acquired
it."

     "What's it do?" Jeremy ran his hands along the cold steel surface
of a protruding machinery arm.

     "It's an orgasm machine," the voluptuous woman answered.

     "You're kidding..."

     "No... really. Look..." She walked over to a section of the
elaborate device and pointed toward a flat metal plate on the floor.
"See this? You stand there and put your hands on these..." The woman
in the tight, white suitdress indicated two chrome spheres about three
feet apart, each of which was about the size of a soccer ball. "That
closes a circuit that ties into your nervous system... and the machine
induces the most intense orgasm you've ever felt."

     "Have you tried it?" Jeremy asked, his curiosity about the device
growing. "I mean... exactly how does it..."

     "Oh, yes..." she admitted, smiling. "It was... incredible."

     "How do I... I mean, if I wanted to..."

     "With its sensitive magnetic fields, it only works if you're
naked... you're welcome to give it a whirl, if you don't mind
stripping in front of me."

     "I never thought, when I enrolled in this school, that I'd have
to..."

     "If you want to try it, I'd appreciate it, to be frank. It would
help me with my research to have a willing subject. It's up to you..."

     Jeremy thought about it. He was too intrigued to walk away, and
he just had to find out what the machine could do for him. "Okay..."
he began. "I'll give it a try."

     As Barbara took position at a control pedestal in the next room,
Jeremy quickly removed his clothes and stood next to the platform in
his underwear. "Ready," he said.

     "Naked means naked, Jeremy," Barbara spoke into a microphone,
watching him through a heavy glass window that separated the two
rooms. "The underwear has to go, too." After a moment's hesitation,
Jeremy pulled off his briefs and tossed them to one side. He stood
before Barbara totally unclothed.

     "Okay..." he said, trying to conceal his erection.

     The woman's eyes were drawn down to the boy's engorged organ.
"Oh, my... you're a healthy boy, aren't you? I'm flattered, honey,"
she commented. "Maybe after we're done. There is a bed in one of the
other rooms, and you look as if you could satisfy a lady. But,
business before pleasure. Stand on the plate, feet wide apart," she
directed.

     Jeremy grew harder at the thought of actually having sex with his
gorgeous instructor, and his mind was already in bed with her as he
took position on the machine. Barbara touched a series of glowplates
that ignited with purple light as her fingertips lightly pressed
against them. A whine filled the room, a sound that sang of great
power contained.

     Jeremy felt a vibration beneath his feet. The plate upon which he
stood became pleasantly warm.

     "Press your palms against the tops of the spheres," Barbara
instructed him. "Relax... and enjoy. You can stop at any time, simply
by removing your hands from the spheres."

     Jeremy nodded his understanding. Barbara touched a large glowing
plate and manipulated it gently. Jeremy felt a warm sensation begin to
swell in his lower abdomen. It was quite pleasant and quickly grew.
The feeling was wonderful, and it intensified with each passing
second.

     Barbara could see by Jeremy's expression that he was already deep
into the pleasures of the machine. Without superhuman willpower, he
would be unable to let go of the spheres until his experience was
over. She spoke.

     "Do you feel it? An electric sensation that rides your nervous
system and draws out every ounce of pleasure you can stand...?" she
asked, smiling. Jeremy could only smile, eyes closed, and manage a
slight nod. "There is one aspect of the machine I haven't told you
about yet, though..." She watched him. His eyes remained closed.

     "This machine was developed by a great technology far beyond
ours," Barbara began. "I'm afraid that I didn't tell you the whole
truth about its capabilities. The pleasure you're feeling will build
rapidly into an intense orgasm, it's true... but the orgasm is merely
a side benefit of the machine's real purpose." Jeremy opened his eyes
and looked at her, the pleasure still ruling his face.

     Barbara touched another glowplate. Jeremy felt an inner wave of
intensity fill him anew, one that climbed into his arms and legs. It
felt incredible. Oddly, his erection immediately diminished into the
soft, flaccid penis he had walked in with.

     Barbara continued. "The machine produces an alteration in the
subject's genetic matrix," she stated. "You're about to undergo some
wondrous changes. Your sexual appetite is about to increase a
hundred-fold. You'll be a better lover than you could ever have
imagined. Sex, for you, will never be the same again... from now on,
it will be unlike anything you've ever felt."

     Jeremy barely heard her words above the pleasure that filled him.
Barbara watched as his breathing rhythm matched the pulsing hum of the
machine. He had been fully drawn into its powerful grip.

     "You see, Jeremy," she began, "This is a gender modification
unit. Those who built this wonderful machine use such a device for the
total expression of their sexual selves. They live half their lives as
one gender, then change their sex and live the rest of their
existences in an exciting new body... they experience life and enjoy
intercourse from both perspectives, both male and female. Think of
it... you'll know every facet of human sexual existence. In just
moments... you'll be a beautiful woman."

     Jeremy managed to look over at the scientist, his eyes
questioning and confused. But the glorious feeling that electrified
him was too intense, too incredible for him to let go -- for any
reason. His eyes closed once more, and his head hung back slightly in
ecstasy.

     "You're so lucky," Barbara continued. "Already, it's beginning.
Look down at yourself."

     Jeremy managed to gather his wits enough to open his eyes and
glance down at his body. To his surprise his dark growth of body hair
and his hard lines were gone, and as the pleasure he felt rapidly grew
his body changed with equal intensity. In seconds, his muscular form
reshaped itself into a more gentle figure as his hips became broad and
his waist and shoulders narrowed. His rib cage became smaller. He
became soft and -- rounded. In stunned amazement, his eyes widened.

     "You can stop at any time... what you've undergone to this point
are just general changes," Barbara stated matter-of-factly. "While you
do look softer, as you are now you could still be considered a male.
You'd be an effeminate one, though -- I imagine that most people would
take you for gay." The woman watched Jeremy, observing his body as it
steadily dropped away from masculinity. "Just remove your hands from
the spheres, and your body will stop changing before your genitals and
secondary sex characteristics have transformed. Keep in mind that any
change that does take place is permanent. The longer you hold on, the
more your body becomes like mine... for good."

     Jeremy stared at his changing shape. His intellect, fighting to
get through the waves of intense pleasure that owned him, strained to
pull his hands from the spheres, but his flesh would not respond. His
own carnal desires ruled him -- and they wanted to feel more.

     "You'd better let go," Barbara teased. "Much more of this, honey,
and you'll be needing a bra." She looked upon his still-softening
body. "But don't worry... I have one here for you. I just hope its
cups will be big enough..."

     He watched as his hands and feet became small and delicate. His
legs became long, smooth, and exquisitely shapely. Pull away now! his
intellect screamed in desperation. Any more and it will be too late --

     "You only have a few seconds left to stop," Barbara warned,
smiling. "You're almost to the point of no return... another second or
two, and you'll never pass for a man again." She knew he could not
stop. No one could have. It felt too good --

     Jeremy felt a tickle on his shoulder blades and against the backs
of his upper arms. Turning his head slightly to the left, he saw that
his short, brown hair had become a generous, honey blonde mane of
shiny, flowing curls wider than his soft, narrowing shoulders. No
longer confined to the cropped macho cut he had always worn, his hair
had grown so long and full he could feel its ends against his bare
bottom.

     And even his bottom had changed, for his once-hard, muscular
buttocks had become not only smooth, full and supple but larger as
well, giving them an unmistakably round, feminine appearance. For
better or for worse, Jeremy would thereafter have to live with a
girl's ass, along with a girl's wide, rounded hips, a girl's shapely
thighs, a girl's narrow shoulders and a girl's tiny waistline.

     His entire form had taken on the soft body tone of a female, just
as if he had lived his post-puberty life under the influence of
estrogen and had never known maleness. All of his previous sex
characteristics were gone. His penis had become incredibly tiny. Over
his entire body, his formerly-tanned skin had lightened to a
complexion of china-doll ivory that was flawless and without blemish.

     Except for his still-flat chest and lack of a vagina, he was, for
all practical purposes, a girl.

     "You may as well hang on, now," Barbara stated. "In fact, I'd
recommend it. You're too far gone. I doubt that a life lived in an
incomplete body would be very rewarding... you'd be little more than a
girl without a vagina. Don't move, and in seconds it'll be over.
You'll be a woman -- but you'll be complete."

      Jeremy could not think clearly, as if a strange madness had
destroyed his judgment. Female thought patterns had already invaded
his mind, claiming his id and ego for their own. So I'll be a girl,
his affected mind considered. That's worth this incredible feeling,
after all, girls are people. How different can it be? It might be nice
to live that way. I don't care what sex I am, so long as this feeling
doesn't stop...

     Through the haze of intense pleasure that filled him, a small
voice struggled to make itself heard. How could this be happening? his
vanishing intellect cried out silently -- it's too late, too late...

     Barbara watched with wide, mesmerized eyes as the boy's body
transformed before her. Though she had seen the process happen twenty
times before, the incredible sight still held her transfixed.

     The orgasmic fire suddenly built by leaps and bounds. Jeremy
looked down in time to see a defining change take place, one that
would forever change the way the world treated him. With a dramatic
suddenness, his body crossed the impassable, intangible boundary
between male and female.

     He watched in silent horror. With each passing second, his
breasts became larger and larger, as did his nipples and areolas. His
cleavage grew deeper and ever more voluptuous as the steadily
increasing weight of his mammaries pulled harder and more fully
against his chest.

     Let go! his male ego screamed silently. Let go of the damned
machine! He could not. It felt too wondrous...

     Guided by a mysterious signal from the silver-chromed apparatus,
Jeremy's flat, male breasts awoke from their vestigial, slumbering
existence. No longer dormant, his mammaries gladly responded to the
machine as they seized an opportunity so unfairly refused them during
Jeremy's male puberty a few years before.

     As Barbara watched, her heart pounding with excitement, the boy's
long-denied bustline joyfully overflowed the meager boundaries of its
previous, repressive limitations. Consummating the full functionality
dictated by their buried genetic potential, his breasts reached a size
that was thoroughly female and generous, without being "too much of a
good thing."

     His round areolas became wide and dark. His nipples grew hard.

     Jeremy acquired, in less than ten seconds, a bustline that would
have taken years to bloom in a normal girl. Like prisoners finally
freed from harsh captivity, his breasts had taken full advantage of
their opportunity for freedom.

     Jeremy stared in stunned fascination at his chest as it finally
stopped growing and happily settled into its new, fulfilled, female
condition. Despite the fact that they more closely resembled flotation
devices, Jeremy knew that his new breasts were anchors that would tie
him forever to the womanhood that was claiming him.

     "Please..." he managed to plead in a tiny, barely audible voice.

     "Oh, my, honey," Barbara said breathlessly and with great
admiration. Even she was a bit surprised at his healthy bustline.
"You'll be needing that bra, won't you? Who could have guessed that
your DNA was hiding the pattern for such a lovely lady? And to think,
this is the girl you would have been. See there? Your male body was
such a waste, next to this one. Aren't you glad? We might never have
known."

     Something alien and new within Jeremy's mind liked the fact that
he would henceforth live each day with such beautiful breasts, breasts
full and ready for their new role... and Jeremy fought the urge to
enjoy any part of his new form. No, damn it! I'm a man! I have a
girlfriend -- we're going to be married someday! There's a way to
reverse this -- there has to be!

     His male ego, slipping slowly away, did not go down without a
fight. But slowly, unstoppably, it did go down.

     Jeremy could only stare at his soft, supple addition. The
prominent mounds of feminine flesh gracing his figure were youthfully
firm and protruded roundly from his chest without lying against it.
They jutted proudly outward, and everywhere he went, from that day
forward, they would declare his newly-acquired gender with their
undeniable presence.

     Not even Barbara knew all the secrets the machine held. She had
no idea that this body shape, looks and health would remain even into
extreme old age. These wonderful breasts would never sag or stretch,
and the nipples would always look virginal; the body would never
retain weight, even through the rigors of childbearing, birth, and
nursing, and would never need exercise to remain strong and supple.
The face would never show "crow's feet." Jeremy would never look older
than his early twenties, no matter how long he lived. Almost all human
diseases had been banished from his life, from colds to cancer. Major
accidents and wounds would heal without a scar or blemish. His even,
white teeth would never decay and were almost unbreakable. He would
live a long, healthy, beautiful lifetime, and could die only by an
accident which killed him instantly, or in his sleep in old age. These
changes were programmed into dominant genes, and would be there for
any children he bore, as well.

     The physical pleasure within Jeremy began to diminish, indicating
to him that his fantastic transformation was ending. A small monitor
screen to one side lit up, declaring in glowing green letters:

PROCEDURE COMPLETED. ANALYZING STATUS OF SUBJECT:

     A light from above struck Jeremy. He felt a tingle course
throughout his body as an electronic whine filled his ears. After a
minute, the light and droning hum stopped and new, incredible words
appeared:

SUBJECT'S HEIGHT AND WEIGHT ARE NORMAL FOR A HUMAN ADULT FEMALE.

HEIGHT, 5'7''. WEIGHT, 116 POUNDS.

     That's -- that's six inches shorter and almost sixty pounds
lighter than I was before --

     "Very good, honey," Barbara said over the microphone. "You've got
a great figure."

SUBJECT'S SECONDARY SEXUAL CHARACTERISTICS ARE FULLY FEMALE.

SUBJECT'S FACIAL FEATURES AND BODY SHAPE WILL BE EXTREMELY ATTRACTIVE
TO MALES.

     No kidding -- !

DOUBLE X CHROMOSOME IS IN PLACE THROUGHOUT 100% OF SUBJECT'S GENETIC
STRUCTURE.

     His mind still clouded, Jeremy tried to remember his biology
basics. Genetically, XY meant male, and XX meant --

     "It's a girl!" Barbara shouted triumphantly.

SUBJECT HAS ACQUIRED HUMAN FEMALE BLOOD CHEMISTRY.

SUBJECT'S ESTROGEN AND PROGESTERONE LEVELS HAVE BEEN RAISED TO THOSE
OF A HEALTHY NINETEEN YEAR OLD GIRL.

     Female hormones? Estrogen? That means --

PRODUCTION OF FEMALE HORMONES BY SUBJECT'S ENDOCRINE SYSTEM IS
CONTINUING AND HAS STABILIZED AT PROPER ADULT LEVELS.

SUBJECT'S THOUGHT PATTERNS AND BRAIN CHEMISTRY ARE NOW FEMALE.

     Barbara enjoyed the words. "You've got a woman's mind now,
Jeremy. You'll feel a woman's emotions, and know a woman's needs.
Quickly... picture yourself in bed having sex. Who are you with?"

     An image flashed into Jeremy's mind. He was atop a sex partner,
passionately making love with --

     -- a man.

     It's true, he realized, astonished. I've got a woman's mind! Is
that why something inside me likes having these --

SUBJECT'S MAMMARY GLANDS AND MILK DUCTS ARE FULLY DEVELOPED AND ARE
WITHIN HEALTHY FEMALE PARAMETERS.

     Milk? I can make milk -- ?

PROPER HORMONAL STIMULATION WILL RESULT IN LACTATION.

     These breasts -- can nurse a baby -- !

MENSTRUATION WILL BEGIN IN SUBJECT IN 21.7 DAYS.

     "I'll teach you how to handle having your period," Barbara said.
"You'll get used to it in no time."

     That had not occurred to him before. As a woman, he would
naturally live a woman's sexual reproductive role. Jeremy felt anger
at the thought of the monthly trial. Damn it -- NO! I can't have a
monthly period! That would mean that down inside me are --

SUBJECT'S UTERUS AND OVARIES ARE HEALTHY AND ARE FUNCTIONING WITHIN
HUMAN FEMALE NORMS.

OVULATION WILL BEGIN IN SUBJECT IN 14.3 DAYS.

     He stared at the impossible words. Jeremy blinked twice, fixed
upon the word 'ovulation.' I can get pregnant! Pregnant --

CONFIGURATION OF SUBJECT'S CLITORIS AND ALL ORGASMIC NEURAL PATHWAYS
ARE WITHIN HUMAN FEMALE NORMS.

SUBJECT'S VAGINA IS OF NORMAL HUMAN CONFIGURATION.

VAGINAL PENETRATION BY AN ERECT PENIS FOLLOWED BY THE SUBSEQUENT
EJACULATION OF SEMEN WILL RESULT IN SUBJECT BECOMING PREGNANT.

     If it thinks I'm going to let a man fuck me -- !

SUBJECT WILL EXPERIENCE INTENSE FEMALE ORGASM.

     I -- I wonder what that feels like -- ?

     "Honey," Barbara said, smiling, "sex has just become more
wonderful for you than any man could possibly imagine. Believe me...
you're going to want to spend the rest of your life on your back with
your legs spread wide."

     Jeremy's mind raced, confused by the flood of new feelings. After
a few seconds, the verdict he already knew would come filled the
screen:

CONCLUSION:

GENDER METAMORPHOSIS PROCEDURE SUCCESSFUL.

SUBJECT IS NOW A WOMAN, AGE NINETEEN.

     Jeremy shut his eyes, struggling to absorb what he had read on
the screen. His legs weakened, forcing him to support himself by
leaning more heavily upon the warm, chrome spheres. Overwhelmed, he
kept his eyes tightly closed as tears of emotional confusion welled up
within them. Momentarily, a new message appeared, one Jeremy did not
see:

ENTER DESIRED EMOTIONAL MOTIVATION MATRIX.

     Barbara touched a sequence of glowplates. Jeremy felt an odd
sensation in his head, one that lasted mere seconds. His eyes remained
closed as he strove to comprehend what had happened to him. Another
question appeared on the screen:

SUBJECT'S EMOTIONAL DRIVES CHANGING. PROCESS WILL TAKE FOUR MINUTES.

DO YOU WISH TO INITIATE CONSUMMATION PHASE?

     "Oh, yes," Barbara whispered to herself, nodding. The beautiful
scientist in the control booth smiled as she punched in her answer.

ENTER DESIRED AROUSAL LEVEL.

CAUTION: SEX DRIVE OF SUBJECT WILL REMAIN AT CHOSEN LIBIDO INTENSITY
FOR THE DURATION OF SUBJECT'S REPRODUCTIVE LIFETIME.

     With that, Barbara gave the machine its final command, and with
great satisfaction she sat back to watch Jeremy take his last step
into total womanhood.

     "My dear," she began, "you're going to be a very horny young
lady."

     Jeremy had never removed his hands from the spheres. The pleasure
again built inside him, faster than before. The boy's breathing grew
sharper and deeper as the orgasmic swell within him fully ignited.
Beyond his bust, down at knee level, a panel opened and Jeremy could
see some kind of mechanical arm extending toward his crotch. Watching
through the aperture of his sweat-glossed cleavage, he stared in
confused disbelief as an odd yet recognizable appendage sprang from
the tip of the arm and moved toward him.

     It was an artificial phallus, hard and determined. And large. And
it was moving insistently closer and upward, toward the sexual flesh
between his legs. He could see the sheen of a lubricating gel upon its
artificially-veined length. His diminished male reason wanted to make
his hands let go and pull away, but the pleasure was simply too
wondrous and the impulse to bail out was nullified by an overriding
desire to experience female sex. He was addicted to the lustful
desire, as if to a drug.

     "Just relax, honey," Barbara said. "You're about to experience
one of the glories of being a young lady."

     Jeremy knew his body had become soft and rounded. He knew he no
longer resembled anything that could, by any stretch of the
imagination, be considered male. For reasons he did not understand,
the thought that he was about to be penetrated as a woman had become
intoxicating, even erotic. He would not let go -- fully committed, he
had to feel the peak of the female orgasmic fire that had been
building so luxuriously within him.

     Jeremy felt an odd sensation between his thighs, one that invaded
his ecstasy and made itself known. It was something he had never felt
before, but he found himself instinctively spreading his thighs apart
in order to accommodate the intrusion into his soft, new flesh.
Jeremy's mind instantly found a sexual fantasy that served to
personalize and intensify the experience, and its forbidden mental
imagery began to place him somewhere he suddenly longed to be.

     The machine phallus penetrated him. The irresistible energy of
the machine had given him that exclusively female orifice that would
for the rest of his life define his very being, and Jeremy ached to
feel it totally filled by its male counterpart. The warm,
rubber-covered metal phallus pushed deep into Jeremy's vagina until
its entire ten inches disappeared from sight. It stimulated his new
clitoris with a precisely-attuned stimulatory force, one dedicated to
the ignition of the female orgasm. With mechanical precision, the
phallus pumped over and over like a piston into the hot, wet female
flesh around it, mimicking the sexual motion of a male lover.

     Artificial testicles slapped into the delicate flesh just beneath
Jeremy's pussy, and he began to push back in rhythm, meeting each
thrust with a matching pivot of his curvaceous female hips.
Involuntary moans of erotic lust escaped his full lips, filling the
chamber with the sounds of impassioned lovemaking.

     "That's right, sweetheart," Barbara said. "It feels so right...
so natural, doesn't it? It's coming naturally to you now... this is
sex, not that sorry excuse for fucking you knew before. Yes... that's
it... pump it with your hot pussy... feel the cock inside you..."

     A dew of sweat had covered Jeremy's smooth skin, giving his body
an erotic sheen. He closed his eyes, and was transported to another
place, another time, in another body. A fantasy filled him.

     A woman's fantasy.

     His orgasm swelled. The metal cock pumped faster. Jeremy's
intellect found itself along merely for the ride as his body took
total control, overriding what little was left of his male ego.

     "Hurry... before someone comes in..." Jeremy spoke breathlessly,
to a lover unseen by Barbara. "It's so exciting... doing it here where
someone could see us..." In his mind, he was a woman being fucked from
behind by the garage mechanic who had tuned-up Jeremy's car the day
before. "Ohhhh... yes..." He saw himself leaning over the hot engine,
beneath the raised hood of a car, his body impaled upon the hard,
rhythmically-pumping penis of the mechanic. He had become one of the
girls in the garage's wall calendar, all oiled and voluptuous and
ready...

     His body ruled him. And his body was, quite intensely, female.

     Pressing his hips hard into each thrust of the phallus, Jeremy
cried out like a woman in heat. His silenced mind was shocked at the
sound of the words that exploded from his lips. "Ohhhhh... yes! Yes!
That's it... ohhhhhh! Fuck me! Fuck my pussy! Harder... ! Fuck me
harder! Ohhhhhhh... !"

     Jeremy writhed upon the pumping cock, rolling his hips
frantically in order to take the phallus into his pussy as deeply as
possible. His curvaceous, sweat-slicked body glistened in the lights
of the chamber. The cock kept throwing a minuscule, precisely-attuned
electric current into both Jeremy's clitoris and his internal G-spot,
stimulating his sexual nerves to their maximum tolerance level.

     Barbara, watching intently from the control room, felt herself
growing aroused and wet. The other boys she had transformed into young
women had all immediately loved their voluptuous female bodies, but
none had so passionately embraced his new sexuality. Jeremy had
yielded utterly and had lost himself in his womanhood, craving the
primal sensation of having a cock inside him. He had become a woman
with an intense need for sex.

     "That's my girl," Barbara smiled, watching the young woman ride
the stiff penis as hard as she could. "I think you're going to be the
prize of the lot."

     "Fuck me the way you fuck your wife!" Jeremy's sultry voice cried
out with the desperation of total lust. In his mind, the man's wife
was in the garage's office, just beyond a closed door. She could walk
out at any second and catch the lovers in mid- fuck...

     "Pump my pussy... make me come the way she does! Make me..."

     Jeremy cried out a woman's scream of passion as he climaxed.

     The nineteen-year-old boy felt his first female orgasm. Its
intensity overtook him. His teeth clenched hard as a burning glory
within him ignited his every nerve in a manner unlike anything he had
ever imagined. His brain knew only his clitoris, for all his other
senses had been overridden and had shut down. He came, flooding the
mechanical arm with steaming lubricating fluids that his body had
never produced before. The vaginal juices ran down his thighs and
streamed along the machine's invading appendage. They dripped onto the
metal plate beneath him. A scent of warm strawberries filled the room.

     The intensity of the orgasm subsided, and the robot phallus
finally stopped, pulled out and disappeared into the complex machinery
of the device. Jeremy became aware of his surroundings once again. His
wobbly legs strained to hold his weight, their muscles worn out from
the extreme, electric sex that had ruled him. He continued to breathe
hard. The humming of the machine stopped as the device shut down.

     The orgasm was glorious. His male ego all but gone, his mind
embraced the thought of more sex in this wondrous, new body. He wanted
more. He wanted to feel it again and again -- and he would, as the
woman he had become.

     Jeremy found himself finally able to pull his shaking hands away
from the spheres. Barbara walked from the control area into the
chamber. She smiled victoriously at the woman she had made.

     "My, honey, that was quite a show," she said, indicating the
dripping wetness between Jeremy's legs. "I'd ask if you enjoyed it,
but that you did was quite obvious. You were fantasizing that someone
in particular was fucking you... who?"

     Jeremy nodded.

     "Who was he?" Barbara asked, curious, knowing that Jeremy's
fantasy lover had been a man.

     "A mechanic..." Jeremy found himself confessing. "And he was
fucking me in his garage... I was wearing a tight red dress, without
panties, and I was leaning over my car with my legs spread as wide as
I could spread them, with my skirt pulled up over my back, and he was
behind me..."

     "My, my. He must have been quite a hunk."

     "I'm so confused... I... I don't know why I said all those things
during it... I got carried away..."

     "A girl in love'll say all kinds of things."

     Jeremy looked down at his jiggling bustline. His upper arm pushed
his supple right breast aside as he slowly reached down and put a hand
to his crotch. His fingers found an alien wetness between his legs,
one which soaked a delicate, foreign configuration of soft folds and
sparse pubic hair. His fingers slipped into an opening, one still
stretched slightly open by the size of the intruder it had just known.

     He knew his new flesh all too well. He had felt it before. On his
girlfriend.

     Jeremy stumbled back away from the machine. His mind suddenly
cleared and reason returned as if a drunkenness had worn off. The
impact of what had happened to him began to soak in. "I'm... I really
am... a girl..." he managed to utter, his words ringing strangely in
his ears. Barbara enjoyed his soft, feminine voice.

     "Totally, sweetheart," Barbara confirmed. "Down to every last
cell of your soft, sexy, one hundred sixteen pound, five foot, seven
inch body."

     "For how long?!"

     "Weren't you listening, honey? This is permanent... like me,
you're a total woman, now... you were just born one." Barbara was
lying, of course, since the machine had been designed to transform
both sexes, but she was waiting for the programmed motivational
changes to take hold.

     "I... I couldn't let go..." Jeremy shakily said, caressing his
breast. "It felt too good... I just couldn't..."

     "I know," Barbara replied, waiting for the final phase of his
transformation to complete itself. "It's all right. You're... just
perfect."

     He cradled his breasts, amazed at the way his supple flesh
overfilled his soft, dainty hands. He found himself loving the
indescribable softness of his skin, and he could not get enough of the
feeling of having mammaries with his own hands against them.
Supporting their weight in his palms was exciting. He found himself
longing to feel the lips of a suckling infant against his nipples.

     He staggered back from the floorplate on unsteady legs. The sheen
of sweat on his velvet skin caught the light of the lab, creating a
seductive gloss that emphasized every last curve of his voluptuous,
newly rounded form. Barbara gestured toward the wall. "The change did
you good. It's a definite improvement. Take a look... I think you'll
like what you see."

     Jeremy looked in the direction she was pointing and saw a mirror.
He moved fearfully toward it, knowing for the first time the sensation
of having bouncing breasts pulling against his chest with each step.
His center of gravity was different, and he momentarily felt awkward
as he cautiously walked across the cool, linoleum floor. He reached
the mirror and stared dream-like at his reflection.

     The image of a gorgeous woman greeted his disbelieving eyes. From
her incredibly long, cascading blonde curls to her warmly perfect
breasts and fluid curves, she was more beautiful than any woman Jeremy
had ever seen. Every proportion of her figure was in harmony with
every other portion. It was a perfection of form even a top model
would envy. Her soft skin, over her entire body, was of a flawless
purity he had never seen before.

     The woman's face radiated a lovely, gentle light that could never
have come from the male face Jeremy had owned only moments before. Her
crystal eyes sparkled with deep, feminine sensuality, and were
caressed above and below by long, dark lashes. Her full, supple lips,
smooth and moist, cried out to be kissed by a powerful man. Jeremy put
a hand to his face, just to insure that the goddess in the mirror
indeed did the same. The perfect, velvet skin his fingertips found
there was wondrous.

     He had become not merely a woman, but pure femininity
personified.

     The woman in the mirror seemed familiar to Jeremy, somehow. He
gazed upon her exquisite beauty -- his exquisite beauty -- and
remembered. Looking deep into the eyes of his reflected image, he
found a hint of his lovely sister there.

     There was indeed a resemblance, despite the fact that his curves
had become more dramatically womanly than hers -- it was as if he had
become his sister carried to the nth feminine power. He remembered his
sister's puberty, remembered the trying teenage years she had spent in
a training bra as she learned to cope with her period. She had been
forced to undergo far more dramatic changes than he had, for her
entire body shape had changed while he had only gotten a little
lumpier and more hairy.

     Jeremy remembered how he had tormented her as she grew into
womanhood, how he had teased her about her budding breasts. Looking
back, he felt bad for having made fun of her, for he had finally come
to understand just what his sister had gone through -- and had learned
just how wonderful having a woman's body was.

     It seemed like the poor girl had spent forever developing her
adult shape, Jeremy realized, and here I outdo her in ten seconds. How
do I break it to her that the brother who had relentlessly teased her
as her breasts grew now has his own healthy pair? Almost hypnotically,
Jeremy found that he could not keep his hands off of his new breasts.
Without thinking, as he continued to stare into the mirror, his hands
explored the softness his bosom had become.

     It occurred to Jeremy that, as with his sister, having a woman's
body meant he would have to quickly learn all there was to know about
feminine hygiene. No longer could he ignore the tampon and pantyhose
aisle at the supermarket --

     "I can... I can get pregnant," he said into the mirror, trying to
imagine how his new body would look with the distended abdomen and
even larger breasts of impending motherhood.

     "If you want to, honey," Barbara agreed. "Do you really want a
baby now... so soon?"

     Well, I can certainly nurse a baby, he thought --

     His mind flashed to every woman he had ever known. Finally, he
understood how those ladies had felt, understood how special it was to
be a woman, understood how unfulfilling and barren being a male really
was. I'm like them, now, he thought in stunned disbelief. I've joined
them. I'm really one of them --

     I'm female. A woman, like my mother.

     And it's... wonderful. Jeremy felt a strong, new bond with his
mother. I'm your daughter now, Mama, your little girl --

     His new body felt so different and alien to him that it almost
seemed he was no longer human, for every concept of being human that
he carried within him was of life in a male context -- and this was
unlike that. Very unlike that. Different -- and better.

     For the moment, the woman he had become struggled to make some
logical sense of what had befallen him. He felt a need for some
explanation from Barbara, who stood looking him over with great
approval.

     "Why did you do this to me... ?" Jeremy demanded.

     Barbara stood close beside him and lightly caressed one of his
breasts with her cool palm. "In order to give you this gift... this
life. This body will give you ultimate fulfillment... emotionally,
socially, sexually. You're now a work of art... a thing of beauty...
to be cherished and put on a pedestal..."

     Jeremy found himself beginning to cry as his female emotions
kicked in fully. He pulled Barbara's hand away. "I can't be a girl...
I have a life... I have a girlfriend! At least I did, but how can I
keep her when now I've got a pussy, too? And I have bigger tits than
she does! I don't want to lose her... but I doubt she'd become a
lesbian just to stay with me! I didn't want this..." He cupped his
breasts, pressing them inward against his chest. "How can I tell her?
How can I tell my parents... ? You have to change me back!"

     "I told you, sweetheart. This is forever."

     Jeremy's tears trickled down his cheeks as he looked into the
mirror, considering her words. He could feel his emotions changing and
churning within him, even as he wept. "What's happening...? I feel
something strange."

     "Well, honey, understand," Barbara said. "You've become a woman,
with a woman's body and a woman's mind. You can hardly expect to live
in a home like that without feeling and thinking the way a girl with
your looks would. Let's face it... you're certainly a much better
endowed woman than I am. For a girl like you, your body is your best
asset. You'll learn to use it. You'll learn to let others use it."

     "I didn't ask for this body," Jeremy complained.

     "You would have, had you known what life as the woman you now are
would be. It's so delicious to live in a body like that! Not only does
it feel luscious to be so soft and to wear the caressing fabrics
you'll get to wear, but the whole world bends over backward for a
beautiful woman! Think about it... remember your old body. All hard,
and rough, and angular, and hairy... compare it to the new you. How
does this body feel?"

     Jeremy gazed at his reflection, still caressing the supple
fullness of his breasts. "I feel... beautiful... I feel... what a
beautiful woman feels..."

     "Do you like it?"

     The last vestige of the male he had been fought its way to the
surface and expended itself in a single word. "No," he slowly
answered, very unconvincingly.

     "The truth. Do you like it... ?"

     Jeremy knew his true feelings, but he did not understand why he
had them. He gazed at his reflection and spoke in a tiny, girlish
voice. "Yes... I like it..." Stifling a giggle, he smiled and bit his
lower lip as a thrill swept his body. He suddenly felt wonderful, as
if his every care had vanished.

     Jeremy began to primp in the mirror. Barbara could see that he
had become utterly wrapped up in his female flesh. Fully reprogrammed,
his emotions and drives had changed forever. He would seek out male
companionship, company and approval. He would enjoy the deference and
courtship of men and accept the homage they gave his body as a natural
right. His aggressive male instincts were gone, replaced by the female
desires to nurture life and please men. Ambition and domination in his
mind had been replaced by love and submission.

     Perfect.

     Seeing that his self-image had become so wholly female, Barbara
tested his ego. "If you had your choice right now, which would you
take... boobs or brains?" Jeremy jiggled his breasts once again,
loving their size and weight. He was filled with girlish delight. He
looked at Barbara as if hers had been a stupid question.

     "Boobs, silly... I'd keep my boobs," he answered playfully. He
gently cradled his cherished breasts, uttering a quiet sound of
self-enjoyment as he lifted them slightly upward. "Men want to play
with these... I can't wait to see how they bounce in bed..."

     "In bed?"

     "You know..." Jeremy coyly said, smiling with girlish
embarrassment. He gently squeezed his breasts. "In bed." The girl
giggled. Jeremy made feminine sounds of joy as he continued to explore
his new flesh with his fingertips.

     "This is so nice," Jeremy said in his baby girl voice, stroking
his velvety sides while holding his generous chest proudly outward. "I
feel so alive... and happy."

     Jeremy jiggled his breasts again and watched them bounce in the
mirror. Glancing down at his reflection's lower abdomen, he caught
sight of his smooth new crotch and a renewed wave of excitement filled
him. Jeremy then hugged himself, pressing his breasts tightly together
between his upper arms. He loved the warmth of his cleavage.

     "Oh, I want to feel a man holding me," Jeremy said, still hugging
himself. "I want to just melt into his arms and never leave... and
feel him on top of me -- and feel him..."

     ... inside me, he thought. Jeremy's mind was flooded with an
image of himself in bed with a lover. So many times, he had lain atop
women, pushing his cock into each girl's wet, ready tunnel with a
rhythmic motion of his hips as she laid still and stroked his back --

     But he no longer envisioned himself on top. Instead, Jeremy's
imagination placed him into the body he now possessed.

     He closed his eyes. In his mind he could almost feel warm sheets
beneath his back as he laid there, legs spread wide, helplessly pinned
by the weight of a man atop him. In his mind, he became all the women
he had made love to, and as thrust after thrust bounced Jeremy hard
into the mattress and toward the headboard he could feel his breasts
jiggling against his chest. In his mind, he gloried in feeling the
enormity of the man's hard cock as it pushed deeply into him, and as
Jeremy clawed at his imaginary lover's back with his long, polished
nails he saw himself wrapping his long, smooth legs around the man's
thighs, holding him inside him, enraptured by the fact that he was a
woman being sexually conquered by a man --

     The new identity claimed Jeremy totally. Sheena moaned and
smiled. Her vagina once more grew wet and aroused. "I want... I want
to be with a man..." She sucked on her finger, staring into the
mirror, remembering the feel of the machine phallus. She found himself
picturing herself secretly being made love to by --

     -- his sister's husband. For a moment, she imagined herself
beneath her sister's husband, in her sister's bed, feeling the deep
pumping of her brother-in-law's hard cock. Her memory held images of
the man. The image was erotic and exciting, and she grew wet as she
continued to picture the adulterous sex act. Bruce had already been
unfaithful to his wife once, Sheena seemed to remember.

      I bet I can get him into bed, the horny new woman thought. And I
will -- he'll beg to fuck me --

     "Men will embrace you day and night, Sheena," Barbara said.
"You'll be more woman than they've ever known before." It was obvious
that Jeremy's sex drive had become fully female. He was almost ready.

     The door opened. A figure stepped cautiously out into the room.
It was Arnie.

     "I'm... I'm looking for someone..." he said, surprised at the
sight of the gorgeous naked girl before him. The erection growing in
his trousers was quite obvious.

     "Come in," Barbara invited. "You can help us with our little
experiment."

     "Experiment?" Arnie asked, unable to take his eyes from the
voluptuous female that had, only an hour before, been his best male
friend.

     "Yes..." Barbara continued. "Just follow Sheena, and do what she
tells you." Barbara gestured toward a door.

     Sheena led Arnie into the bed chamber. In seconds, she had
stripped him of his clothes. On her knees, she sucked his cock until
it felt as hard as iron.

     Moments later, Barbara entered to find Sheena lying on her back
in the bed, Arnie on top of her, with her arms and legs wrapped around
him as if she were trying to pull all of his body into hers. He was
fucking her for all he was worth.

     "After you're done," Barbara sexily stated, "I need you both out
here." She shut the door. Even through its metal core, she could hear
the slapping of Arnie's crotch into Sheena's as the passion of their
moans filled the room.

     It was the last time Arnie would have sex as a man.

     Fifteen minutes later, the two lovers emerged from the room,
holding hands and smiling at each other. Barbara was at the console.
She smiled when she saw their still-naked forms.

     Sheena looked over at Barbara and said proudly, "It felt sooo
good when he came in me that I came, too! I squeezed him with my pussy
while I came!" Arnie blushed.

    Barbara smiled at another sign that the girl's orgasmic
programming was complete. "Lovely. Sheena, dear, show him to our
experiment, will you?"

    Sheena wanted to share the marvelous way she felt with her friend.
She led Arnie by the hand and positioned him upon the metal
floorplate. "Put your hands on these, and stand with your feet wide
apart," she said, softly kissing Arnie as she indicated the spheres.
He did as she asked.

     Barbara activated the device. The two ladies watched in girlish
glee as Arnie's figure became soft and demure, his breasts large and
rounded. His hair doubled, then tripled in fullness and length. The
mechanical phallus pumped the boy's virgin pussy, and when he came, he
poured.

     In moments, another young woman stepped from the floorplate. They
named her Melissa.

     Barbara walked over to the vulnerable, naked teenagers, bringing
with her the sheer bras she had promised along with a couple of pairs
of nylon and lace panties. Using a towel, she bent down and dried the
come from Melissa's crotch and the insides of her thighs, then handed
Sheena the panties and watched with satisfaction as both girls bent
forward and slipped into them one long leg at a time. As Sheena leaned
over, her breasts hung down and swung freely, jiggling like firm
gelatin, bumping against each other in their soft enormity. Barbara
enjoyed watching their dance as she drank in the femininity of the
women she had made.

     "Melissa, honey, will you wait for me in there?" Barbara asked,
indicating the bed chamber.

     "Okay, Barbara," she happily agreed. Breasts bouncing, the girl
youthfully and playfully went into the room and shut the door behind
her.

     "She's so pretty," Sheena said, watching as Melissa walked away.

     "And you're lovely, Sheena... you're just lovely," Barbara
gushed. "I can't wait to get you into a bustier. You'll be a very
popular young lady."

     "Good." The involuntary transsexual pulled the skimpy pink
panties up into place, noting that their high French cut made her
gorgeous legs look even longer. "I like these," she commented. Their
tight crotch emphasized her female mound.

     "Let's get you into this, honey," Barbara said, standing behind
him. She slipped the bra straps over his outstretched arms, then
reached around his voluptuous form and looked over his shoulder and
into the mirror.

     Still watching her reflection with delight, Sheena smiled her
pretty smile and held her arms out to the sides as Barbara slipped the
bra's soft fabric over her breasts. The new female noticed in the
mirror that her underarms were smooth and clean-shaven, just as they
should have been, and she enjoyed the sight. She watched her
reflection with great satisfaction as the satiny sheen of the pink
cups nestled perfectly against her contours.

     Still behind her, Barbara gently lifted her shiny, hip-long hair
and draped it over the front of her left shoulder, out of the way,
then closed the bra's hooks. "There now," Barbara said soothingly.
"Doesn't that feel better? I guessed your size right... it fits you so
well. We wouldn't want to parade you around naked, now would we?"

     "Might be fun..." Sheena smiled. "Think I could make Miss July?"

     "Oh, honey... July and August and September. Trust me."

     As Barbara stepped back, Sheena threw her long hair back and made
a few adjustments in the way the bra held her, then looked into the
mirror, happy with the fit. She lightly caressed the undersides of her
breasts through the sheerness of the pink nylon that contained them,
and tickled their soft flesh with the tips of her long nails. She
liked the little pink bow that rested at the base of her cleavage.

     "This is a pretty bra," she said, a happy girl.

     "I have a friend named Janelle who's built like you," Barbara
observed. "Spends all of her time in a string bikini top. But she's on
her third set of silicone implants, and you're naturally endowed.
You're very lucky."

     "I'm so... beautiful," Sheena said, transfixed. Both women paused
for a moment, drinking in the sight of the girl in the mirror.

     "Well, come on, Sheena," Barbara said, gently leading him toward
a side room. "I have a surprise for you."

     "I want a pretty dress... will boys see me? I like boys..."

     "Yes, honey... the boys will love you. We'll find you something
so pretty that the boys won't be able to take their eyes off you. Then
we'll do your face and nails..."

      Her fingernails had grown to a pampered length of an inch and a
half, and she wanted them finished with a glossy coat of polish. "I
like pink lipstick. And my nails... I want them pink, too."

     "Pink it is. We'll get you all fixed up -- then there are some
people I want you to meet."

     "And pearls. I want pearls."

     Barbara opened a closet door and pulled out a sensuous evening
dress of liquid metal. Its golden sheen glittered in the light.
"Pretty?" she asked the new woman.

     "Oh, yes," Sheena answered.

     "It's yours. Slip into it while I take Melissa some clothes, and
I'll bring you some shoes." Sheena held the dress over her head and
wiggled as its cool, slinky liquid-metal fabric flowed slowly down her
voluptuous form. It hugged every curve, making her figure stand out in
luscious, mirror-like gold relief. Her breasts and ass gleamed like
smooth, polished chrome as they pressed fully, roundly, and tightly
against the fabric of the form-fitting dress. Her sensuous cleavage
remained exposed by the plunging neckline of the dress, and it was
made all the more dramatic by the way the tight golden gown squeezed
her breasts together. The dress' short, sexy skirt tightly bound her
legs and hung only halfway down her thighs.

     For almost fifteen minutes, Sheena just stood and admired her
gorgeous reflection. Emerging from the bed chamber, Barbara walked
over and kneeled down, then slipped a pair of matching gold evening
pumps onto the girl's feet. Despite their five-inch heels, Sheena
walked naturally and sexily in them, as if she had worn such shoes all
her life. The high-heels made her glassy, flawless legs seem to go on
forever. Barbara then handed the young woman a gold sequined purse to
carry.

     "Oh... oh, my..." Barbara uttered, stunned by the sheer beauty
and raw sexuality of the woman she had made. The softly-curling
enormity of Sheena's spun-gold mane and the way the evening dress
accentuated the girl's figure gave her a feminine drama rarely seen.
The girl's voluptuous bustline, tiny waist, rounded ass and incredible
legs caused Barbara to lose her breath at the sight. Even without
makeup, she was intensely gorgeous. "Oh, Sheena..."

     "Look at me, Barbara," the girl uttered, in love with herself.
"I'm so pretty... I wish my Mama could see me... and my sister. She
always wanted a sister to share things with... maybe I could go see
her... and her husband..." Sheena reveled in every subtle aspect of
her womanhood, glorying in everything from the feeling of her soft
hair to the feminine frailty of her arms and the delicate softness of
her small fingers.

     "Perfume... ?" she asked. "I want to smell as pretty as I
look..."

     Barbara, prepared for the request, pulled a small spray vial of
perfume from her pocket and misted Sheena's wrists with the fragrance.
Then, for good measure, she further sprayed the feminine scent lightly
onto the girl's cleavage. Sheena rubbed her wrists together and held
one up in order to let the womanly aura waft into her nostrils.
"Ohhhh... I love it..." she happily said.

     Melissa walked out into the room, similarly adorned. The two
girls were the most beautiful that Barbara had ever seen. Her breath
escaped as she looked upon them, standing together.

     "Ladies... I know of some gentlemen who are waiting to meet you.
I'll do your faces and nails at home. Then we'll pierce your ears, so
you can accessorize yourselves properly."

     "I need some lipstick... I can't go out without at least
lipstick..." Sheena complained.

     "I don't have any with me here. It'll be okay, honey."

     As they ascended the stairs, the high-heels of the three women
clicked against the cold hardness of each step. At the top, beyond the
elevators, a new life awaited the new girls. It would be a joyous life
of constant male company and sex in which each girl would utilize her
physical assets to the utmost, happily serving men. Smiling as she
spread her legs, she would make love to them at their command and
perform any sexual act they desired, fulfilling every sexual fantasy
of every man to penetrate her.

     An art major named Jeremy had dropped out of college by becoming
a girl who would spend her days and nights happily caressing, sucking,
and impaling herself upon hard, erect cocks just like the one she
herself had once possessed. Both he and the one-time-Arnie would spend
the rest of their lives as ladies built for companionship and sex, as
would the twenty or so others Barbara had introduced to the wonders of
sexual womanhood. None of the former boys would ever aspire to
anything else, and rich and powerful men would pay handsomely for
their talented services as mistresses and wives.

     It was how Barbara funded her expensive research.

     They emerged from the elevator and walked out into the crowded
lobby of the Institute, where the evening's lectures were beginning.
Every male student stood staring at the shapely, silken legs and
goddess-like forms of the woman in the short, liquid-gold dress and
the girl in the red sequined gown, never imagining that but an hour
earlier both had been men like they. Their perfume floated through the
air. Their walks dripped pure sex, and, as they leered after the two
girls, the imaginations of the horny boys were filled with pictures of
Sheena and Melissa naked in bed with each of them. Sheena knew they
were watching her and she delighted in teasing them, adding a little
extra wiggle to her walk. She could feel the erections rising behind
her. And she loved it.

     Barbara guided Sheena and Melissa out into the cool night, her
arms around the girls' shapely waists. As the women walked into the
parking lot, Barbara pulled a set of keys from her purse. "I've got a
nice place for you to live, ladies," she said, opening the door of a
sleek black Mercedes for them. "The other girls are looking forward to
meeting you." She noticed that the cool, night air had brought
Sheena's large nipples to erection, for as they pressed insistently
against the thin, shiny fabric of her dress its polished, metallic
reflectivity emphasized their presence.

     "Other girls?" Sheena asked with childlike innocence. "There are
others like us?"

     "Where will we live?" Melissa asked innocently.

     That was the final sign Barbara had been waiting for. Total,
permanent acceptance. Jeremy was gone, leaving this gorgeous woman in
his place, and Sheena's past existence would become of no interest to
her. Arnie would never miss his friend, for they would be together in
their new lives. Barbara smiled. "You'll like the other girls. I want
you to get to know them. They're fun -- they all live together, and
they spend hours talking about boys and doing each other's makeup.
It's like having a slumber party all the time."

     "It sounds fun," Sheena smiled, instinctively holding her skirt
against the backs of her thighs as she slid into the leather seat.
"And there are boys?" Sheena was a horny young lady, and Barbara knew
just the cure for that.

     "Enough for all of you. You know, you all have a great deal in
common." Barbara gently shut Sheena's door and opened the back door
for Melissa, who slid into the leather interior, holding her skirt
flat against the backs of her thighs as any woman would. Barbara
closed the door and walked around to the other side of the car.

     As Barbara glided into the driver's seat, a light caught the
corner of her eye. She turned to see Sheena looking into the
passenger-side visor's lighted makeup mirror. The new young lady was
applying a thick coat of deep red lipstick to her soft lips with what
would otherwise have been taken as learned precision. Barbara smiled.

     "I know this is yours, but I hope you don't mind," Sheena said in
her small, sweet voice. Her soft words were distorted a little by the
feminine contortions of her lips as she held them taut, gliding the
lipstick over them. Once finished, she watched herself as she pressed
her lips together in the classic womanly fashion and then formed a
kiss. Satisfied, she twisted the color back down into its tube. "I
found this next to my seat," she explained. "I know it's not my shade,
but I just couldn't wait. I feel just naked without lipstick... don't
you?"

     "Oh, yes, honey," Barbara said with a huge smile. "And keep it if
you want. It looks lovely on you."

     "Let me wear it, too... please?" Melissa asked.

     "Here, honey," Sheena said, capping the tube and handing it back.
She continued to look at herself in the tiny mirror, teasing her hair
with her delicate fingers and primping as if she were getting ready to
meet a man. Barbara noticed that the young lady was squirming
repeatedly in her seat, as if she felt an intense itch deep within
her.

     "I don't know why... but I'm just so horny," Sheena admitted. She
giggled and covered her mouth daintily, girlishly embarrassed at her
own words. She blushed. "Oh, I'm sorry... I didn't mean to say
that..."

     It was no exaggeration. Through Sheena's tight, shiny dress,
Barbara could tell that the girl was tensing her vaginal muscles over
and over. The girl's pussy, true to the machine's programming, was hot
and hungry for male penetration. Apparently, it had not been the cold
that had made Sheena's nipples hard.

     "Take us to the boys," Melissa pleaded, pressing her lips
together as she finished with the lipstick. "I want somebody to fuck
me!"

     "Melissa!" Sheena said in surprise.

     Barbara smiled. "It's okay. Barbara'll take care of everything,
honey. Believe me... I'll take very good care of you." She paused for
one last test. "Sheena... would you go back to being Jeremy?"
Melissa's eyes widened at this.

     The girl looked certain. "No, I don't think so... but if you know
somebody like him, I could use him right now..." She giggled anew.

     Barbara knew that both girls would live in a constant state of
sexual arousal, each joyfully taking any cock she could get inside
her. As Barbara started the car, she looked out upon the campus and
thought of the others that still walked there -- the football players,
the chess champions, the computer whizzes. All of them, young men who
could never have dreamed that their days as young men were coming to a
close.

     If only they had saved all the panties and bras they had stolen
in their drunken raids upon the sorority houses. They were going to
need them.

FIN
