			Shelly the Hairdresser
				  by
			    Miranda Greene



	 My name is Shelly and I'm a hairdresser.  I used to 
work for a well-known chain but recently a girlfriend and I opened our own salon.  
Business has been fairly slow but is starting to pick up.
	Last Friday the shop was completely dead, and by four o' clock I 
was ready to pack up and go home.  Before I could lock the door, however, 
this man suddenly came in.  He was tall, blond and had the bluest eyes 
I've ever seen.  He wore a dark grey suit and looked very dapper.  I 
wanted him instantly.
	"I guess you were about to close up, " he apologized, "but I was 
wondering if you could fit me in quickly."
	Well, I wasn't about to tell him WHERE I wanted to fit him in -- 
namely my wet, hungry hole.  Instead I waved him casually over to a 
chair.  He sat down and said he just needed a little trim.  This time I 
couldn't hold my tongue.  I blurted out, "Oh, you'll be getting a lot of
trim, don't worry!"  I think he got the hint because the next thing I 
knew, he pulled me close and pressed his mouth to mine.  I returned his 
kiss, pushing my tongue into his mouth.  Then I moved away to the front 
door, locked it, and flipped the sign so that the "closed" side displayed 
outwards.  
	I turned around and stared at him.  He sat immobile in the 
chair, his legs slightly apart, gazing back at me.  I decided to tease 
him.  Leaning against the door, I reached down with both hands, grabbed 
the hem of my skirt, and began to lift it up.  As my bare thighs came 
into view, I heard him inhale sharply.  I lifted my skirt up to my waist 
and proudly displayed my pink lace panties.  He exhaled loudly and I 
noticed with delight that he had developed a furious erection.  Carefully 
keeping my skirt raised, I hooked both thumbs into the waistband of my 
panties and slowly lowered them.  At the sight of my furry brown bush, he 
moaned, a sound that conveyed his intense desire for me.  I could see 
that his hard lovepole was straining to be released from its material 
prison.  It was time for action!
	I pulled my panties all the way down to my ankles and stepped out
of them.  Releasing the hem of my skirt so that I was once again decently
covered, I slowly walked over to him and sat down across his legs, making
sure not to cover his crotch so that my hand would be able to caress his
stiff dick.  Before I could stroke him, he suddenly grabbed the back of my
head and kissed me roughly.  His hands gripped my hair tight.  I have to
tell you, nothing makes me wetter than a guy pulling on my hair.  I don't
know what it is but something about it sends an electric charge straight
to my pussy!  I moaned, ran my soft hand over the hard bulge in his pants
and whispered, "Pull my hair!  Make it hurt!"
	He responded immediately, yanking on my hair so hard I thought he 
would pull it out, roots and all!  But I loved the feeling, and got so 
turned on I almost forgot where I was.  Luckily, I quickly remembered: I 
was sitting on a gorgeous guy's lap, running my hand over his convulsing 
crotch.  Time to take advantage of the situation!
	I opened his fly, slipped my fingers in, and extricated his prick 
from his boxer shorts.  It was beautifully shaped, seven inches long and 
capped with a huge head.  Pulling myself away from his grasp, I slid 
down until I was kneeling in front of him.  He smiled, the way guys 
always do when they know they're about to be blown.  I began stroking 
his smooth, firm cock, running my hand up and down the shaft.  His 
cockhead was so big I wondered if I'd be able to fit it in my mouth!  
Gingerly, I stuck out my tongue and began licking along the length of his 
penis.  My mouth, like my pussy, gets really wet when I get turned on and 
soon his dick was covered in my saliva.  He was breathing really heavily 
now and I heard him mutter under his breath, "Put it in your mouth, you 
bitch."  Now, dirty talk gets me almost as hot as hair pulling, so I told 
him to tell me exactly what he wanted in as crude a way as possible.
	"I want you to open your mouth wide," he said.  "I want you to 
take my cock into your mouth and suck it like the whore you are.  I want 
you to take it all the way down your throat and pleasure me until I shoot 
my hot cum into you."
	Well!  You don't have to tell me twice!  Without further
hesitation I slipped my lips around the enlarged head of his member.  It
was a real stretch to fit my mouth around it but somehow I managed. I
heard him inhale sharply as I moved my face down, sliding his meat in to
my hot, wet mouth.  Slowly, I worked his cock further and further into my
mouth, letting the tip push into my throat.  Soon, I had his entire
erection inside my oral cavity!
	I decided to tease him again.  (In case you haven't guessed, I
LOVE teasing guys -- next to hair pulling and dirty talk it's the
hottest!) Instead of moving my mouth up and down and sucking him off, I
would wait, unmoving, and see if he'd take the initiative. 
	I didn't have to wait long.  After a few seconds, he looked down 
at me with impatient eyes.  Then, figuring out that I wasn't going to 
move, he grabbed my hair with both hands and pulled hard, lifting my head 
up and causing my mouth to slide up his pole.  Then he pushed down on the 
top of my head so that his rod impaled me.  He kept repeating this 
motion, getting faster and faster.  I have to say I was becoming 
extremely excited.  The pain of being lifted by my hair was intense yet 
delicious.  Coupled with this was the excitement of being manipulated by 
him.  The idea that he was using me like some kind of sex toy, lifting my 
face up and down on his dick, drove me absolutely crazy!
	Faster and faster he went unti he was forcing my mouth up and 
down on his cock at an incredible rate.  I was afraid I would choke but 
my mouth was so wet that he slid in and out easily.  I began to eagerly 
anticipate the creaming that was to come.  What would it taste like?  
Would it be salty?  Or bland?  Thick and creamy or thin and runny?  Of 
course, if he came while his cockhead was all the way down my throat I 
wouldn't get to taste it at all.  I hoped he would shoot his wad when his 
prick was just inside my lips so that I could savour his milky tribute.
	"Oh god," he suddenly cried.  "I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna fucking cum!"
	Holding my hair tightly, the tip of his lovepole resting in my
mouth, he exploded, letting loose a hot blast of thick, gooey cum that
flooded my mouth.  I swallowed as fast as I could, intent on not spilling
a drop, and made sure to taste it as it flowed down my throat.  It was
delicious!  Not too salty but not flavorless either.  It reminded me of
the hollandaise sauce my grandma used to make. 
	And there was so much of it!  I couldn't believe that one man 
could spurt so much yummy cum but there it was, filling my mouth and 
pouring down my throat.  I managed to swallow most of it but despite my 
valiant efforts a little bit escaped and began to dribble in a thin
stream down my chin and onto my neck.  I was going to wipe it off but 
then thought that it probably made me look deliciously whorelike so I 
left it for him to notice.  It took him several minutes to recover from 
his violent orgasm.  When he finally opened his eyes he looked down and 
smiled and I could tell that he liked the sight of his cum dripping out 
of my mouth.  I locked eyes with him, stuck out my tongue, and licked up 
as much of the spilled seed that I could reach.  He bent down slightly, 
wiped the cum from my chin and neck with two of his fingers and offered 
them to me.  I took them into my mouth and sucked them noisily.  He 
smiled wider and said, "How would you like it if I pushed these fingers 
into your pussy?"  I didn't hesitate to respond, nodding my head fervently.
	He quickly zipped up his pants and we changed places.  I leaned 
back in the chair and spread my legs wide so that my skirt rode up to my 
waist.  We each caught our breath as my steaming cunt came into 
view.  It was absolutely soaked!  I have a tendency to get really wet 
when I get turned on but even I was amazed at how juicy I was.  Viscous fluid was 
bubbling up form the depths of my slit and dripping down my thighs.  
Pretty soon there was gonna be a puddle on the floor!
	I looked at him intensely and growled, "What are you waiting for,
a formal invitation?  C'mon and finger my hole!" He quickly responded by
probing my labia with an exploratory digit, sliding his fingertip along
the edges of my furiously moist lips.  I held my breath with pleasure as
he stroked all around the opening to my pussy, waiting expectantly for him
to push his finger into me.  But he just kept caressing my cuntlips, and I
suddenly realized that HE was now teasing ME!  Well!  Some nerve!  I
wouldn't stands for this!  Reaching out, I grabbed his hand in mine and
pulled it towards me so that his finger shot into my hungry snatch. 
"OOOh!" I cried involuntarily as his rigid digit penetrated my wet fire. 
Gripping his wrist as tightly as I could, I pulled and pushed so that his
finger slid in and out, fucking me feverishly.  Now HE got to be MY sex
toy! 
	I should tell you another thing about myself.  When it comes to 
penetration, my philosophy is "Fuck me hard or don't fucking bother!"  
So, with that in mind, I manipulated his finger so that it rammed into 
me with brutal, punishing strokes.  I clenched my pussy muscles tight so 
that I could feel him rubbing against my wet walls, closed my eyes in 
ecstacy as I enjoyed the pleasures of this flesh dildo.  Even though his 
finger wasn't very thick it proved to be a remarkable source of 
pleasure.  Pretty soon, though, I knew that I would need more.
	I opened my eyes, stared at him, and pulled his finger out of my 
juicy slit.  His hand was covered in my thick cunt juice and, just as I 
had predicted, there was a small pool of fluid on the floor just under my 
crotch.  
	"Didn't you say you were going to put fingers, plural, into me?" 
I enquired saucily.  He smiled and retorted, "How many do you want?"  I 
breathed heavily, "How many you got?"
	I guess he took this as a challenge because before you could say 
"fistfuck" he was shoving fingers up my wet hole.  First he pushed in 
two, then three, then he had four fingers ramming in and out of my box.  
I thought I was going to pass out from pleasure.  Next to hair pulling, 
dirty talk, and teasing, having my pussy stuffed to capacity is my 
absolute favourite thing.  I leaned back as far as I could in the chair 
and enjoyed the sensational feeling of four fingers filling me up.  God, 
I wondered, what if he tries to shove his thumb in too?  Could I possibly 
take his whole fist?  This was something I'd never tried before, not 
because I wasn't into it but due to the unimaginative weenies I usually 
wnt to bed with.  This guy was different.  I decided if he wanted to fist 
me, it was A-OK!
	But he didn't put his thumb into me; well, I should say, he 
didn't put it in my cunt.  Suddenly, as his four fingers fucked my fiery 
funhole, I felt a ticklish sensation underneath my pussy.  He was rubbing 
my anus with his thumb!  I gulped.  No one had ever touched me there 
before.  Was he actually going to push his thumb up my ass?  Or would he 
just rub the outside of that forbidden place?  I was a little nervous, I 
must confess.  I mean, I love having fingers shoved up my cunt, but my 
asshole?  Wouldn't it hurt?  At the same time, I was in such a wild 
state of sexual abandon that I was willing to try just about anything.  
If he wanted to stick his thumb up my ass, hell, why not?  Of course, 
that was all he was going to put up there.  I had heard that some girls 
liked getting fucked in the ass but that seemed to me to be going a 
liitle too far!  A thumb is one thing; a 7 inch cock with a tip the size 
of a golf ball is quite another!
	He smiled at me and, as though reading my mind, said, "Can I put 
my thumb in your ass?  Don't worry, I won't try to fuck you there."
	I didn't want him to think i was concerned.  I wanted him to 
think I was a total fuck goddess who would do anything.  I like it when 
men think of me that way.
	"Go ahead," I mumbled, hoping I sounded nonchalant.  Inwardly, I 
braced myself for the unfamiliar penetration.  He kept rubbing the 
outside of my tight little hole and I realized that he was lubing it with 
the juice that had dripped down there from my pussy.  Then he stoppped 
moving his hand so that his four fingers were at rest deep in my snatch.  
He applied a little pressure with his thumb and I breathed in quickly as 
his thick digit slid into my ass.  What a strange feeling!  It didn't 
hurt but it was a little irritating.  Then he began pushing it in and out 
of my hole, working it in deeper and deeper, and the irritation turned to 
pure pleasure.  And then he began moving his whole hand!  Oh my God!  How 
can words do justice to the feeling of four fingers moving in and out of 
my sopping box and a thumb fucking my asshole?  It was unbelievably 
stimulating.  I felt so full.  My pussy was stuffed beyond belief and 
that thumb in my ass just added to the ecstacy I was feeling.  In one of 
my few lucid moments I realized that his whole right hand was fucking 
me.  Phenomenal.
	"Do you like this?" he asked gently but I didn't have to answer 
him -- my moans said it all.  I was panting loudly, a deep primal sound 
that might have emanated from my drooling cunt.  My mouth was open and I 
was dimly aware that I was drooling onto my shirtfront, but I didn't 
care.  I was in the throes of complete FUCKING ecstacy!  What the hell 
was a little drool compared to that?
	And then I knew that I was about to orgasm.  The sudden dawning 
of this fact took me completely by surprise because up to this point I 
had only ever cum from having my clit rubbed.  This guy hadn't even 
looked sideways at my clit.  An orgasm simply from penetreation?  
Impossible, I thought.  I must be mistaken.  But there was no mistaking 
the electricity running through my body.  It was jumping from my cunt to 
my anus to my clit.  Incredible!  Every time he thrust into my two 
holes I felt it in my clit which was now red hot and humming with life.  
Who cares if it's impossible, I thought.  Grab it while you can!
	"Aaaagh!" I screamed as the first waves of orgasm washed over 
me,  The blond hunk, God bless him, didn't bat a blue eye; he kept on 
hammering at my snatch and tight hole as I screamed my head off.  The 
orgasm seemed to go on forever.  I remember looking down and seeing juice 
pouring out of my cunt, covering my thighs and his forearm and soaking 
the floor.  My mind was totally unhinged as my body undulated with 
feverish intensity.  I kept pushing myself against his fist, not wanting 
the ecstacy to end.
	Finally, alas, it was over.  I lay back against the chair 
completely drained.  If the roof had begun caving in I couldn't have 
moved, couldn't have cared less.  As far as I was concerned, the roof had 
caved in!
	I opened my eyes.  The guy who had just performed a miracle was 
at the sink washing his hands.  I closed my legs feeling shy all of a 
sudden.  I was covered in pussy juice and I desperately wanted a shower.
	I watched him dry his hands then move to the door.  He unlocked 
it and turned back to look at me.
	"Thanks for the trim."
	I smiled weakly and said, "I hope you'll be a regular client."  
	He seemed to think about this for a moment then said, "Well, to 
tell you the truth, I generally cut my own hair.  I know what I like 
better than anyone."  Then he turned and walked out and I watched through 
the open door as he ambled easily down the street in the dying light of 
the afternoon.  
