
     Our company sent us to New York on business, and we were both booked into
the same hotel, but in separate rooms.  Julie, my co-worker and I were going
to give a presentation the next afternoon, then catch a red-eye flight back
to the coast.  We checked in, finding our adjoining rooms on the 23rd floor
of a large luxury hotel.  We'd both been surprised when we were booked into
this hotel, expecting more modest quarters.
     The rooms weren't lavish, quite the contrary, they were simple, efficient
hotel rooms.  In a word, dull.  But the interconnecting door gave me some
ideas, and I hoped Julie was of the same mind.  We settled into our rooms and
I'd just cleaned up a bit when there was a light knock on the door between our
rooms.  I opened the door and Julie suggested we find an early dinner somewhere
nearby, and perhaps a drink, as this would be our only night in the big apple.
     We dined at a small Italian place, with high prices and equally good food.
Afterwards, we visited a small night spot and danced a bit, then decided to
return to the hotel.  It was still early, only about 8:00 when we walked down
the hall towards our rooms. Julie had overdone her drinking and I was helping
her down the hall.  She wasn't drunk, but she was just a little tipsy, laughing
and giggling as we entered her room. She used the bathroom, while I entered my
room through the connecting door, and called the front desk to check for any
messages (just in case the boss checked up on us).  Having no messages, I
kicked off my shoes to get comfortable, and returned to Julie's room.
	Julie was looking out the window, and as I came into the room, she waved
me over excitedly.
	"Take a look over there!" She whispered, as if she would be overheard.
     I followed her finger and saw another hotel.  The window she'd pointed out
clearly showed another couple, on their bed, in the midst of some pretty
steamy action.  We couldn't see a lot of detail, other than they were both
quite naked, and he was on top of her, and her legs were around his hips. Their
motions were a primitive, erotic rhythm; something very specific.
	"Hmmm. Looks like they're having fun." I said quietly.  I could feel my
prick swelling, being so near Julie and watching her intent interest in the
other couple.  Julie is attractive, single, 25, about five foot five, chestnut
hair, pale blue eyes, and a nice figure of 34C-20-33. We'd been working as a
team for seven months, flirting a little, and getting to know each other well.
Julie had a boyfriend until three months ago, and we'd gone out to dinner only
once in those three months.  She knew my interest in her wasn't completely
business.
     I turned down the lights in the room, and we sat by the window. Julie lit
a cigarette, and offered me the pack. I lit one, and we watched the "show" the
other couple was giving us.  They were a floor below us, and we had a good view
of their activities.  About halfway through our cigarettes, the woman turned
over and knelt, taking her man doggy-style.  I heard Julie take a deep breath,
and she oooh'd when the girl sat up.  The girl had very large breasts, D cups
for sure, and 36 or 38 inches.  Her tits flopped against the bed as her man
slammed her from behind.  I looked over at Julie, and she looked at me.  Now
was the time.
	"I want you." I said in a low, breathy voice.
     Julie motioned me to stay seated, then indicated for me to be silent, using
the age-old finger to the lips signal. Julie began to slowly unbutton her
blouse, her eyes were fixed on the couple in the other room.  I watched Julie's
fingers slowly unfasten each small button, exposing more of her body with each
movement.  I glanced over at the other couple, seeing that the girl was now
flat on the bed, her big tits visible at her sides, while her man was still
pounding her from behind. Julie's hand stopped at her waist, and she slid the
blouse aside, running her fingers over her bra.  Almost without effort, the
front hook parted and her breasts came free.  They were full, soft, and, I knew,
warm.  Julie slowly slipped out of her blouse and bra, still watching the other
couple. She sat there, topless, cupping her firm tits and rolling her nipples
in her fingers, giving me a helluva hard-on.
	"Oh yes!" Julie breathed quietly, still staring out the window.
      I looked and the man had withdrawn, and was now spreading the girl's ass,
working his cock into her nether hole. This was obvious from their positioning
as well as her reaction. Julie's hand slid down and unzipped her skirt, and she
slid out of it as well, sitting down in only her pantyhose and underwear. As
the other couple began to work back into their rhythm, Julie began to slide
her fingers under her panties, one hand still pinching a nipple.  My cigarette
had burned out in the ashtray, and Julie's had done the same, falling onto the
table unnoticed.
     The couple in the window were glistening with sweat, and I could see a bare
sheen forming on Julie's chest between her marvelous breasts.  Her breathing
was deeper, heavier now, and she kept her eyes on the performers.  Julie's
musky scent filled the room, and I shifted in my seat, trying to ease the
discomfort of my aching cock which strained against my slacks. The other couple
were near to orgasm, frantically fucking hard. Julie's hand seemed to vibrate
over her clit, and she was half aware of her surroundings as she too neared her
nirvana.  Sudden motions became jerky, then stopped in the other window, the
couple slowly collapsing onto the bed, signaling their orgasm.  Julie was in
a light trance, her head back slightly, lips parted, breathing heavy, and her
fingers blurred over her clit.  Suddenly, Julie arched forward, then she slid
down in her chair, obviously having her own orgasm.  She panted quietly for a
few minutes, and I reached over, lighting a cigarette for her.
    Julie didn't blush, or cover up. She accepted the cigarette, and took a long
drag, exhaling the smoke across the table.  She looked over at me, just a I lit
another smoke.
	"You didn't get off?" Julie asked me.
     I shook my head. "I enjoyed watching you though." I said. "Highly erotic,
and better than any fantasy."
    Now Julie blushed a little. I could see her tan lines, faint but discernible,
showing around her tits. Julie wore small suits judging from her tan.  I looked
out the window for a long moment, and was about to suggest that we adjourn to
bed, together.  A light went on in the hotel room directly across from us, and
standing in the room was a very lovely, quite naked blonde, with perhaps the
most luscious body I'd seen in years.  She was joined quickly by another girl,
who wasn't quite naked, still wearing her garterbelt and stockings. The girls
embraced and kissed.
     "Hmmm. This looks intriguing." I said, indicating for Julie where to look.
     Julie looked, and I half expected her to make a comment about the lesbian
scene we were watching, either positive or negative.  Hearing none, I glanced
at her, and she was watching intently again. The girls were kissing and both
running their hands over each other.  We had quite a nice seat, although a bit
far away for my tastes. I wasted no time, unzipping my slacks and undressing
as the girls made their way to the bed. Julie glanced over my way several times,
the table interrupting her view.
	I now sat in my chair, wearing nothing, stroking my very erect cock as I
watched the two girls. Julie propped her feet up on the air conditioning unit
and began to stroke herself lightly.  We watched as one girl, lying on her back,
let the other lick her pussy.  They were enjoying each other fully, when a well
built man entered the room, toweling himself off from a shower.  He looked at
the girls and watched too, his thick cock standing quickly. I had an idea then,
and hoped Julie was as horny as I was, and would go along with me.
     I stood up, and Julie looked directly at my crotch. Without saying a word,
I walked around and stood next to her, indicating for her to stand.  Julie did,
and I knelt, removing her pantyhose and panties, letting my hands glide down
her lovely, warm legs.  Julie sighed as my face brushed against her thigh when
she stepped out of the last of her clothes.  I rose and turned her around, and
pointed to the windows.  The first couple had covered up and weren't doing much
but the other window was full of activity.
     The man was now kneeling over one girl who sucked his cock, and the other
girl was sucking the first one's nipples.  With the lights off in our room, our
skin took on the brownish-gray cast of night mixed with city lights.  I stepped
behind Julie, pressing my rigid cock between the cheeks of her ass, and I
reached around, cupping her full breasts and bringing her closer to me. Julie
sighed softly, and I nibbled her neck.
	"Watch them." I whispered.
    We moved closer to the glass, and Julie put her hands against the cool metal
frames. I squeezed her breasts, feeling their weight, and then rolled both her
nipples in my fingers. Julie pressed back against me, her breathing becoming
deeper, more urgent.  I reminded her to watch our friends in the other room.
	Both the other women were now sucking the man's cock, and the blonde was
squeezing the tits of the other woman.  I slid my cock up and down between
Julie's cheeks, running my hands over her belly and thighs, touching her lean,
beautiful body all over.  Julie's hand roamed my thighs too, and her fingers
raked the cheeks of my ass gently.  I leaned back and slipped my hard, eight
inch cock between her legs, sliding against her already wet labia. Julie moaned
softly and leaned back against me.
	"Look at what they're doing now!" I whispered.
     The trio had changed around, and the blonde, with fairly large breasts, was
giving the man a good tit-fuck. The brunette had her face deep between the
blonde's legs.  Julie was watching, but her hips were rocking back against me
with such an erotic movement, that I knew I had to enter her soon, or risk
coming on the glass!  My hands moved to Julie's hips, and I steadied her as
I moved the head of my cock to her entrance.
	"Wait." Julie breathed.
     I couldn't believe this! We were both hot enough to set fire to the hotel,
and she wanted to wait!  The head of my cock was just at her entrance, her
steamy heat warming the head, floating around my balls, driving me crazy. I
looked over at the trio, and the man was now feeding the blonde his huge cock,
about half of it in her mouth.  Julie thrust back, taking me fully within her
drenched pussy all at once.  She caught me off guard, and we both moaned as her
buttocks met my loins. I pulled her even tighter to me, my hands sliding down
to stroke and tease her swollen clit.
     "Oh baby! Yes! I'm going to cum!" Julie panted as we slowly began to pump
our bodies together. My fingers on her clit were going to make her come, and I
slowed down, teasing, keeping her excited.
    "Oh, look, look!" Julie cried, and I looked at the trio. The man had moved,
and was now jerking off by both girls who were kissing fiercely.  Julie began
to move quickly, thrusting back hard to meet my equally hard forward surges.
Our bodies were urgently trying to catch up, and my hands found her tits, warm
and bouncing.  The man in the other room was coming, and the girls were both
sharing his cock and cum. Julie was madly fucking me now, and I slammed into
her hard and fast.  The girls kissed and I felt the first squeeze of Julie's
fast approaching orgasm.  The brunette crawled up and sat on the blonde's face,
rocking furiously over her mouth.  Julie was moaning and tossing her head back
and forth.
	"She's gonna cum too!" I panted to Julie. "Watch. She's cumming!"
     The brunette shuddered and arched, then fell onto her companion's body. We
were watching, and fucking hard. Julie's cunt gripped me tight, and her body
stiffened, my arms encircling her to hold her up.
	"Fuck! Cum!!" Julie cried out.
    Julie was almost bouncing on my cock, her ass pressed hard against me. Her
cunt gripping me over and over.  I felt a familiar surge rising deep from
within.  My cock was buried deep in her fiery cunt, my cum rising like a gusher
towards her flaming depths.
	"Don't...move." I panted.
    Julie tried to remain still, and a second or two later, I came with a long,
thick stream of cum pouring into her hot cunt. Then another. I shuddered as
each spurt sent my sperm flooding into her sopped cunt. Over and over until I
felt as though all my strength had just flowed out my cock. We collapsed into
Julie's chair, with Julie sitting on my lap, my cock still buried deep inside
her.
    I held Julie against me, nuzzling the back of her neck, lightly hugging her
to me.  Our breathing slowed down, and we were finally able to talk again.
	"That was fantastic." I said softly, kissing her back.
	"Hmmm. Thank you. I loved it too." she replied dreamily.
    We looked over and watched the trio continue their fuck, and my cock stirred
again, still inside of Julie.  The blonde was sucking the guy, and the other
gal was fucking her from behind with what looked like a strap on dildo. We
cheered them on, getting a little bit lewd with our suggestions.  The blonde
came and the three of them relaxed, giving Julie and I a break.
    Julie needed to visit the powder room, and she stood up, kissing me softly
on the lips before she walked off.  When she returned, she indicated the open
door between the rooms.
	"Your place or mine?" she said, standing by the door. We both laughed.
    "Yours." I said, pulling her onto the bed.  We kissed and began again, this
time, wondering if someone was able to see us, and perhaps they'd get the same
ideas we had.


