Sheryl -- Part 1
by Laura Leigh

******

      Michal began to awaken.  Sunlight flooded through the drawn 
curtains, filling her bedroom with the warmth of morning.  She 
stretched, spreading out across the smooth, cool sheets of her bed.  She 
remembered the night before, a night of lovemaking and deep passion.  
Michal smiled; in mere days, she would soon have a new name.

     Mrs. Cody Boyd.  Michal liked the sound of those words.

     She realized that she was alone.  Cody was gone, and she could not 
hear him elsewhere in the apartment.  She called out, hoping he had not 
left.

     "Cody?"  There was no response, but she heard a sound of movement 
coming from behind the closed bathroom door.  Michal rose from bed, 
wrapped herself in her robe, and crossed over to the door.  "Cody?  You 
okay?"

     There was no answer.  She tried the doorknob, only to find it 
locked from inside.  She began to worry.  "Cody..." she began, a little 
more insistently, "What's wrong?  Are you sick?"

     There was a muffled reply.  "Uh uh."

     "Then what is it?  Open up."

     "Uh uh."

     The voice seemed strange; it was like Cody's yet unlike it also.  
Michal wanted an answer.  "Cody...open up or I'll call 911."

     There was a pause of silence, broken by a strange voice from the 
bathroom.  "Go sit on the bed and I'll come out."  Michal frowned; the 
voice did not sound much like Cody.  She moved away from the door and 
took a seat on the edge of the bed, waiting for the answer to the odd 
mystery.

     The knob clicked with the metallic sound of a door being unlocked.  
After a few seconds, it began to open.

     Cody emerged from the bathroom, wearing only the dress shirt he had 
worn the night before.  Unbuttoned, it hung upon him strangely, as if it 
no longer fit the same way.  His skin seemed more ivory than before, his 
cheekbones more prominent; he did not seem ill, just more slightly 
built.  Michal moved to him and guided him to the bed, where he laid down.
 
     "What's wrong, Cody?  Look at you...you look like..."  She paused, 
noticing that his chest and body no longer had the coverage of body hair 
it had before.  His skin was smooth and hairless, as if it were the 
immature flesh of a child.

     "I don't know," Cody began.  "I woke up a couple of hours ago 
because I had to take a leak...you know?  I've been having these cramps 
or something, like my insides are churning..."  He closed his eyes as he 
lied on his back, atop the sheets.  

     Oh, no, Michal thought.  Not this --

     "How do you feel now?"

     "Tired.  Sleepy.  Like I just ran ten miles."

     Michal stood.  "You get some sleep.  That's all you need...sleep."

     She knew it was a lie, but he needed to hear it.  It would make 
what was to come easier on him.

     Hours passed.  Michal looked in on Cody every half hour and always 
found him sleeping comfortably.  As the noon sun beat down upon the 
closed drapes of the bedroom, she walked in and found a upon him a 
visage very familiar to her, yet also unfamiliar somehow.

     Cody's features were much softer and more delicate than they had 
been before.  His skin was supple, his lips fuller and smoother than 
they had been.  He no longer had any beard stubble at all, and no 
grayish indication of where a beard might be.  His appearance was no 
longer rugged;  in both face and body, Cody had become quite androgynous.

     Michal held his hand, and found it somewhat smaller and softer than 
she remembered.  His callouses were gone.  Michal moved to the foot of 
the bed and found that his feet also seemed smaller and now had a 
distinct softness to them.  The male hardness of his body had 
disappeared. Michal saw the changes in her fiance, knowing that 
something incredible was happening to him.

     Mother!  Damn it, not Cody.  How could you... 

     Michal's mother possessed talents beyond science, beyond 
understanding.  She always had, as had all of her female ancestors back 
in the old country of eastern Europe.  Changing someone's sex was simple 
for a woman of such talents, especially when changing that person would 
ensure that he could never marry one's daughter, as was the case with 
Cody.  Michal's mother had never liked the young man, but Michal never 
thought the woman would stoop to this to keep them apart.  

     Michal had seen her mother turn a boy into a girl twice before.  
The first time, the boy was a neighboring, sixteen-year-old crossdresser 
upon whom Michal's mother had taken pity once he had confided to her how 
much he wanted to be a girl.  His transformation had been wondrous and 
utterly complete, and he joyfully embraced the new, female body the lady 
next door had given him.  The other time, a man of thirty-four had raped 
a woman down the street but had managed to avoid prosecution due to a legal
technicality.  Michal's mother had taken it upon herself to sentence 
him with a punishment poetically fitting his crime.

     Using her abilities, she forced him to spend the rest of his life 
not just as a woman, but as a woman who walked the dark, nighttime 
streets as a very busy, bargain-priced hooker.

     In his sleep, Cody pulled one knee up and spread his thighs apart, 
repositioning himself.  In doing so he revealed his naked crotch to 
Michal, barely hidden beneath the thin cotton weave of his shirt tail.  
Michal looked toward it instinctively, and her glance intensified as she 
realized that the configuration of shapes and shadows there beneath the 
fabric had become -- wrong.

     Michal leaned closer and slowly lifted the shirt tail, exposing his 
genitals clearly.  Michal's eyes beheld something that her mind did not 
want to accept.  

     The huge male member she had felt within her the night before 
during their lovemaking was gone.  So were his testicles, leaving a 
smooth, continuous contour in their place.  A sparse growth of pubic 
hair framed a new genital configuration.

     It was a configuration all too familiar to Michal, for it was that 
which she herself possessed.

     Cody had attained a normal, healthy vulva. His clitoris and vaginal 
lips were easily apparent in the light of the room, and Michal's gaze 
focused upon the place where his vagina disappeared into the depths of 
his abdomen.  Its opening was wet; remembering her own puberty, Michal 
knew that signified that the former boy could already function as a 
sexually mature female.  Michal, in denial, reached out and touched the 
flower's soft, pink lips in order to prove its solidity to herself.  It 
was quite real.  Cody, still asleep, moaned and moved slightly at her 
touch.  A subtle smile crossed his lips.

     His moan was distinctly feminine.

     Michal loved Cody deeply and wanted to marry him, but that was no 
longer possible.  Her mother had seen to that. What was happening to him 
was irreversible. Cody would have to live out the rest of his life as a 
woman.

     Michal stood and backed away from the bed, her eyes locked upon the 
new female sex organs warmly nestled between her boyfriend's legs.  
Since he now had the same sexual equipment she had, never again could 
they make love as man and woman.  For the rest of his life -- or rather, 
for the rest of her life -- Cody would have to take the same role during 
sex that Michal had always enjoyed, spreading his thighs in order to 
yield his vulnerable, waiting vagina to the penetration of some sexually 
aroused man's erect, hard penis.  It would be the only form of 
intercourse normal for him now.

     Michal took a deep breath and resolved to keep a cool head.  She 
looked again at Cody's face, in light of her discovery, and realized 
that he was already quite pretty.  Even without makeup, Cody looked 
every bit as much like a girl as she did.

     Michal gently lifted Cody's shirt and checked his chest, but she 
found no breast development, not yet.  Cody would take on all of the 
secondary sex characteristics of a normal girl, and Michal knew that it 
would happen before the day was over.

     In a month, he would have his first period.  Before that, he would 
be capable of getting pregnant.     

     Michal chose not to wake him, hoping to spare him the shock of what 
was happening for as long as possible.  She walked into the living room 
and sat on the couch, trying to gather herself and figure out what would 
be the best way to handle the situation.  Cody would be a twenty-year- 
old girl by the time he woke up, and Michal knew she would need to be 
there for -- her. 

     Another hour passed, and Michal walked quietly and apprehensively 
back into the bedroom.  Cody was still out, sleeping harder than ever.  
Michal moved to his bedside, but before she got close she saw what the 
past hour had wrought upon her boyfriend 's body.

     His shirt was lying wide open.  Cody's breasts had finished their 
development and had become rounded, full and very generous in size, and 
his nipples and areolas had become those of a mature female.  His entire 
body now had a classicly womanly shape; his shoulders and upper torso 
had narrowed and his hips had widened, creating the unmistakable 
hourglass figure of a well-built girl.  His face was extremely pretty, 
and he was still smiling slightly in his sleep, his visage one of 
girlish sweetness.  Michal wondered whether he was dreaming the dreams 
of a man or of a woman.  

     Cody's nails had grown to an inch and a half in length, and were 
very strong.  His dark blond hair was long, very full, and shiny, and it 
spread upon the pillow as it softly framed his face.  It had grown well 
beyond shoulder length, and Michal estimated that it would easily 
cascade halfway down his back.

     Michal's mouth hung open.  Not only had Cody become a girl, but his 
beauty was breathtaking.  Michal's mind raced, and she struggled to 
formulate her next move.  

     A plan solidified; she acted upon it.

     The cool-headed girl ran into the bathroom and picked up a pink 
storage tray containing her cosmetics and nail care items.  She sat on 
the bed next to the heavily-sleeping Cody and quickly decided upon the 
look he should have.  Then, starting with an emery board, Michal 
expertly shaped his long nails.  She finished them off with a couple of 
coats of a glossy, deep red polish, and followed by doing his toenails 
as well.

     Cody's complexion was so flawless that he needed no foundation.  
His brows had already diminished into classically feminine, perfectly- 
shaped arches which swept attractively above each eye.  

     "Damn, Cody, you're lucky," Michal whispered to herself.  "What I 
wouldn't give to look like you..."  Michal artistically applied subtle 
eye shadows and eyeliner, then accented Cody's dark lashes with 
mascara.  She stroked blush onto his cheeks.  With a lip brush, she 
covered his full lips with a dark red lipstick she usually wore herself.

     Michal lightly misted Cody with an expensive perfume she had 
received for her birthday.  Using scissors, she cut away the shirt he 
had been wearing, then, leaving the naked woman alone in the apartment 
for a moment, Michal threw the shirt and the rest of Cody's clothes into 
a dumpster near her apartment.  Scanning her place for any other 
possessions of his, she found his car keys on the coffee table --

     His car.  She would have to hide it somewhere.

     It took her twenty minutes to drive the car to a parking garage and 
take a cab back home.  She had little choice but to pay the monthly 
storage fee for it until this bizarre situation had worked itself out.

     Back home, she entered the apartment quietly. Thankfully, Cody was 
still asleep.  Michal looked upon the nude woman on her bed, hoping her 
idea would ease the impossible feminine transition facing her former 
fiance.  

     Continuing her plan, she took a pair of her own panties from the 
dresser drawer and managed to slide them up Cody's smooth legs and 
around his hips.  Guessing at Cody's sizes, she left a bra, pantyhose, 
and a dress on the bed, as if they had been laid there by an undressing 
woman.  Michal dropped a pair of her own high-heeled pumps onto the 
floor next to the bed, after first making sure that they would fit 
Cody's feet.

     A couple of ladies' rings were slid onto Cody's fingers.  A 
delicate, femininely styled wristwatch went around his left wrist.  A 
purse, prepared with personal items, cash, and the cosmetics and perfume 
Cody wore was placed on the bedside table.  Michal took one final look 
at the sleeping woman, checking for overlooked details, then went into 
the living room to wait.  A couple of hours ticked by.

     It was done.  Michal had outwardly completed Cody's transformation; 
he was now as much a woman as if he had been born one.  She knew from 
past experience that he would awaken in a state of total amnesia, and 
that it would be easy to convince the new girl that she had simply lost 
her memory after a bout of heavy drinking.  Cody would, of course, 
believe that he had always been the girl he now was, and a few 
suggestions would convince him that he was a girlfriend of Michal's. 

     Michal decided to name her Sheryl, after a friend Michal had known 
in high school.  Sheryl Lauren Parker, formerly Cody Boyd, had joined 
the ranks of womanhood -- and her girlfriend Michal was going to make it 
as easy for her as possible.  Michal still loved her, and only she could 
help her former fiance to adapt to her new, female existence.  
Physically, Cody was female, but socially, she might need a little help.

     Damn it, Mother, Michal thought.  The woman had always been 
violently opposed to their relationship, thinking that Cody was not good 
enough for her daughter.  Michal was angry at herself for not guessing 
her mother's move, and even angrier that there was nothing she could do 
to undo what her mother had done.

     Finally, about four in the afternoon, Cody woke up.  He felt 
marvelously rested, with a feeling of inner well-being that filled him 
with warmth and contentment.  His eyes still closed, he stretched out on 
the bed, enjoying the coolness of the smooth sheets beneath him.  After a 
few moments, he opened his eyes and realized that he was not familiar 
with the room around him.  He sat up, swinging his legs over the side of 
the bed.

     For an instant, a weight pulling against his chest felt odd and 
unfamiliar -- but the next moment, the sensation seemed perfectly 
natural and even enjoyable.  He looked down to see the source of the 
feeling, and found the large, supple breasts that blessed his body.  
Cody felt pleased, filled with the self-esteem of a woman whose body was 
well-shaped and sexually attractive.  He stroked his nipples lightly 
with his fingertips, noticing how lovely his nails looked against his 
soft flesh.  That's strange, he thought, I don't remember having my 
nails done.  They're so pretty, he thought --

     Despite his pleasure in being female, his body somehow had a shadow 
of unfamiliarity.  Spreading his legs slightly, Cody reached down into 
his panties and slowly ran the flat of his palm and fingers against the 
smoothness of his soft, warm vulva. His middle finger nestled deep into 
the central valley that carried under and behind, connecting his vagina 
with the cleavage of his rounded buttocks.

     The young woman smiled slightly, dragging her fingers against her 
clitoris as she withdrew her hand from under the silky fabric.  The odd 
notion that her body was alien to her fled away as she soaked in the 
glory of her softness.  She held one leg straight out and watched 
curve-hugging ribbons of window light slide along her bare, silken 
skin.  Her luxurious hair tickled her back and shoulders. 

     The woman quickly came to the realization that she was practically 
nude in a strange bedroom.  The feminine trappings of the walls and 
furniture told her it was a girl's bedroom -- was it hers?  She had no 
memory of who she was or how she had come to be in this place.  She 
spotted the clothes on the other side of the bed and, naturally assuming 
that they were hers, picked up the white lace bra and slipped its cups 
over her breasts.  The fit was not perfect, but was close enough.  She 
fastened the hooks in back and adjusted the shoulder straps.

     The woman pointed her toes and ankle and slid into the pantyhose 
she found.  Once they were on, she caught a glimpse of herself in the 
mirror.  Her honey blond hair caught the sunlight like spun silk, 
surrounding her lovely face with a soft halo of feminine radiance.  She 
was pleased by her beauty -- but the face she saw looking back at her 
was unfamiliar.  Try as she might, the young lady could not dredge up 
the slightest memory of who she was.

     She stood and slipped into the casual white dress that had been 
lying across the sheets, letting its soft, delicate fabric slide down 
her curvaceous form until it came to rest against her perfect figure.  
Hers was the body every woman wanted.  She realized that, whoever she 
was, she must have worked hard to maintain such a beautiful shape.  
Looking into the mirror, Sheryl deduced that, despite her youth, she was 
the kind of woman who had always been well disciplined and 
health-conscious. 

     She liked herself, whoever she was.

     Michal heard a sound coming from the bedroom.  She slowly walked 
down the hallway, listening intently, and realized that Cody was awake.  
Michal took a deep breath, then began a charade meant to save Cody's 
sanity.  "Sheryl?" she called out.  "Are you awake?"

     There was a momentary silence, followed by an uncertain answer.  
"Uh...yes," a voice said, in the unmistakable music spoken only by 
women.  "I'm getting dressed."

     Michal, silently reminding herself that the person she was about to 
see was her boyfriend, walked in to find her former lover fully dressed 
and slipping into the pumps Michal had dropped by the bed.  Cody -- 
Sheryl -- was so lovely that Michal had difficulty believing that this 
pretty young thing had ever been anything but the girl she now was.  The 
woman standing before Michal had to be 38-24-36, with a head-turning 
figure that would bring penises to full attention for miles around.  For 
a moment,  Michal forgot what she was going to say and stood speechless 


Sheryl -- Part 2
by Laura Leigh

******

     "Michal...fuck me, Michal..."  A horny woman had taken her over,
forcing Sheryl to yield utterly.  The pure sexual desire of a woman was 
all that drove the girl, now, for all reason and rational thought had 
fled away.  She immersed a finger up to the knuckle into her hot, 
increasingly wet vagina and began to pump it in and out.  "Fuck this 
pussy...let me feel you inside me..."

     Michal, amazed at her words, looked down with equal amazement at 
his new cock.  He watched as the woman instinctively reached out and 
massaged its wide, rapidly-lengthening shaft with K-Y jelly.  Michal was 
captivated by the sensation of having the protruding organ, and he loved 
the feel of Sheryl's slippery hand upon it as it grew ever larger.  

     "Oh, yes..." Sheryl whispered in approval as she watched the shiny 
cock approach its maximum proportions in her hand.  The woman wanted the 
growing tool slippery, long, and hard, and she wanted it inside her.  Now.

     For the first time, Michal felt his erection reach full size as his 
penis became long and completely rigid in Sheryl's slick, supple hand.  
The feeling of her lubricated grip sliding tightly up and down his huge 
shaft made him think he might come right then, but Michal managed to 
resist, knowing he must not only penetrate but impregnate Sheryl in 
order to help her.  The woman hungrily guided the cock's hot and 
slippery form toward the wet deepness that awaited it; for a moment, its 
head pressed aga inst her vaginal lips teasingly.  

     "Ohhh...put it in, Michal...hurry...hurry..." the woman begged.  
"Push it all the way inside me..."  

     He took a final look at her virginity.  When I saw this pussy 
appear that first day, Michal thought, I never in a million years 
thought I would be fucking it --

     Michal pressed his hips forward and the cock's rounded tip and the 
first two inches of its length slid into Sheryl.  She laid back, moaning 
her approval, with her silken legs high in the air and the man atop 
her.  Michal closed his eyes in amazement and for the first time 
experienced the feeling of having one's cock immersed into the wet 
softness of a woman.  The tightness of her vaginal lips rode up the 
length of his shaft as he pushed deeper into her, until finally he could 
drive no deeper.

     Michal could not believe the sensations he felt.  Sex as a man was 
nothing like he had imagined it would be; it brought out an aggression 
he had never felt as a woman.  He had always loved Sheryl, but now he 
found himself wanting to conquer her, thus making her his own, and the 
feeling of her around his cock was indescribable.  His penis seemed to 
rule his body as he rammed it into the woman, and the sexual tension 
building in his groin swelled unlike anything he had ever felt before.  
Michal's drives had fully become those of a man -- and he now saw women, 
including Sheryl, in the same sexual light as would any other man.  He 
had spent his entire two decades of life female, but could no longer 
remember what it was like to have a woman's mind, a w oman's desires.

     Only a year before, the lovers could never have imagined how much 
they would love their new lives after trading places with each other -- 
the woman now a man, and the man a woman -- his woman.

     Michal drove his penis in and out of Sheryl, just as was done to 
him during his life as a female.  The sensitivity of the head of his 
throbbing cock surprised him.  His pace grew faster, more frantic.  
Sheryl moaned as he hit his stride, loving havi ng him inside her.

	"It's...it's incredible," Sheryl said in a breathy whisper.  She 
looked down between her jiggling breasts toward her vagina, hoping to 
watch his cock as it penetrated her, but to her disappiontment she could 
see only his pubic hair as it slammed repeatedly into hers.  She could 
feel him inside her, though, and she dropped her head back onto the 
soft, warm pillow in joyful satisfaction.  "I...want a...mirror...on the 
ceiling..." she moaned, her body rocked by his onslaught.

     Michal's breathing grew louder and more rapid, like that of a wild 
animal.  A heat flooded the hard muscles of his body as they tensed in 
sexual anticipation, flooding him with a carnal manhood he had never 
imagined.  The woman beneath him was his, not her own and not anyone 
else's.  His.  His to do with as he pleased.  His to love.  A 
chauvenistic flame of satisfaction filled him as he conquered the girl 
beneath him, and he proudly continued staking his claim upon the woman.

     After several minutes of loud, animal sex, Michal pulled his 
straining penis out of Sheryl's well-broken-in pussy and turned her over 
onto her hands and knees.  He was in command, and Sheryl willingly 
submitted as he held her ass high in the air and reinserted his cock 
into her dripping cunt.  It seemed to penetrate her more deeply from 
behind, and as his hips rhythmically slammed with a sharp smack into her 
wet ass, the woman began to utter a primal, feminine moan that ignited 
every shred of male ego he had acquired.

     Her eyes were closed in sexual adventure.  As he pounded away at 
her pussy, Sheryl imagined herself being penetrated by every stud from 
Selleck to Swarzenegger.  She reached back under her and touched her 
lower abdomen, knowing that only a couple of inches away, up inside her, 
was his driving cock.

     Sheryl dropped from hands to elbows.  Her dangling earrings jingled 
in her ears and tickled her cheeks.  She bit down on the pearl necklace 
she had pulled to her mouth, her lips reddening it with the lipstick she 
wore.  Jostling with each pelvic impact, her heavy, excited tits rubbed 
against the sheets.  Sheryl absolutely gloried in her passive sexual 
role, knowing that the ecstasy coursing along her overloading female 
nerves was the same as that which had burned within every orgasmic woman 
in the history of human sexual intercourse.

     The flame inside Sheryl continued to build as his assault 
intensified.  She felt something flaring to life down deep within her 
body, and as her arms and legs became wobbly she knew that it was 
finally happening.  She was barely aware of his hard, iron hands 
tightening around her hips, locking her onto his rod as his own passion 
grew.  The steadily building pleasure inside the woman suddenly shot 
through the roof, and her body shut down.

     Sheryl's orgasm exploded within her.  She could not breathe, could 
not think, could not move.  Her body had been taken over by a pleasure 
so intense she would never be able to describe it.  Sparkles flooded her 
closed eyelids and she clutched at the cool sheets like a drowning woman 
would clutch at a life preserver.  Her nails dug into her palms.  She 
did not feel it.

     Sheryl cried out in an unstifled scream of female ecstasy.  
Steaming vaginal fluids gushed from her filled pussy, drenching Michal's 
cock and crotch with its musky scent.  He suddenly felt the friction of 
her tunnel around his shaft disappear, and for several moments he could 
barely feel her at all.  He kept pumping her, more heatedly than ever, 
building the heat of friction despite the added lubricants her pussy had 
poured out.

     Michal had felt Sheryl climax and knew that he could hold back no 
longer.  His own orgasm rose and burned within him, swollen beyond any 
hope of containment.  His thighs tensed like steel and he made one last, 
deep plunge into her wet softness.  His eyes slammed shut and he held 
her buttocks tightly pinned against him as every nerve in his body 
overloaded with fire and pleasure. 

     He had no control over his body, not any more.  The sexual muscles 
within his groin locked down into hard spasms and unstoppably began to 
ejaculate deep within the woman.  Her own orgasm had faded, its work 
done, and Sheryl had regained control of her body and senses.  She 
closed her eyes and smiled as she felt the man's hot cock throb with 
fierce contractions and forcefully, pulsingly spray its boiling come 
into the depths of her body.

     "Yes...yes..." Sheryl moaned, her voice one of both womanly 
fulfillment and triumph.  "Finally..." 

     The warmth of the semen spread until it flooded her abdomen, and 
having the man's seed inside her made Sheryl feel more female than 
ever.  Never before had a man come inside her, but something deep within 
her knew she needed him there.  She longed to be pregnant with Michal's 
child, and she somehow knew that now she would be. 

     Then, like flipping a switch, memories of her male life flooded 
back, overriding her female self-identity. She realized that she was not 
a woman named Sheryl Parker -- she was a he, a man named Cody Boyd.  
Despite his woman's body, he was a man; the realization that another 
man's erect penis was inside him, filling him with hot semen was too 
much to bear.

     For an instant, Cody panicked and tried to break away from the 
man's iron grip in a pointless attempt at preserving the vestige of 
mental manhood that still existed within his female flesh.  It was 
useless, for the man was just too powerful for Cody's lesser, feminine 
strength.  Cody was locked against the man, the cock still deep inside 
him.  He began to lose his mental grip.

     But then, another feeling quickly rose up and reassured Cody of the 
wondrousness of his womanhood.  Cody calmed at once and relaxed as 
something new and wonderful flooded his mind and became a part of his 
very identity, his very being.  

     He remembered the transcendent, eternal love he held for Michal.  
Before, that love had been for a woman, but now, somehow, it had 
transformed into love for this wonderful man.  Cody was deeply in love 
with Michal, the man Michal.  Finally, they were together again, though 
things between them would never quite be the same as before.

     They would be better.  Sheryl rose up within Cody again, her 
identity melding into him, becoming one with him.  She grew stronger as 
Cody realized that he loved being Sheryl -- loved being the woman he had 
been for the past year.  The person of Cody gladly yielded to Sheryl, 
melting into her, creating a single, female identity that began to 
realize in full just what it was that the future now held for her.

     It was now Sheryl who would be the wife and mother, instead of 
Michal, and she did not mind that. In fact, she found that she loved the 
idea.  I'll be the bride at my wedding, Sheryl thought.  A smile crossed 
her soft lips.

     Sheryl glowed with the knowledge that she was a woman who was going 
to have a baby. She was hopelessly and gloriously in love with the 
father of her child -- and he was hopelessly in love with her.

     Sheryl excitedly accepted that she would now be the woman in their 
marriage partnership, for her short life as a girl had been far more 
enjoyable and fulfilling than her male life had ever been.  She loved 
the clothes, the makeup, the intangible feeling of being a beautiful 
woman.  The attentive whistles from men.  The roundness of her body.  
The camaraderie with other girls.  

     She now understood how much Michal had given up for her in becoming 
a man, and the momentarily-reborn male identity inside Sheryl gratefully 
stepped aside forever as her love took hold and embraced her new 
relationship with him.  She smiled, for they had defeated the plans of 
Michal's mother and there was nothing the old bitch could do about it 
now.  Mother Melossa, I'm one of you now, and you've never seen a girl 
who'll fight as hard as this one.  I'm going to marry your son and have 
his baby, and maybe, just maybe, we'll invite you to the wedding. 

     For the first time in a year she remembered her own mother, and 
realized that in becoming a woman she had become the daughter her mother 
had always wanted.  Like her mother, it would now be her place to bear 
her husband's child, and when the time came she would joyfully give 
birth, Michal at her side. With her own breasts she would nurse her 
baby, just as her mother had nursed her. 

     Her widowed mother lived alone, and Sheryl knew that the woman she 
had always called Mama would embrace the lady her only child had 
become.  She had always prayed for a daughter.  Now, mother and 
daughter, they would both joyfully anticipate the birth of Sheryl's 
baby, and a very happy Mama would finally be a grandmother. 

     Michal finished coming as his orgasm diminished. Still standing 
behind Sheryl, he gently caressed her smooth back and pulled his 
still-rigid cock out of her; his seed was delivered, and it had found 
fertile soil.  His semen coated her vaginal opening with its sticky 
viscosity, and it began to run slowly from her still-stretched pussy as 
she took a new position on the bed.  Sheryl, wanting to experience every 
aspect of her lover's body, got on her knees in front of Michal as he 
weakly stood at the b edside.

     His erect penis hung just a whisper away from her supple, red 
lips.  Voraciously, Sheryl licked its head like a lollypop, cleaning it 
of the semen that coated it.  That done, she took it into her mouth.    

     She tasted her own vaginal juices on him, and for several minutes 
she hungrily sucked and licked the shrinking organ.  With her long, 
polished nails she lightly tickled his balls, taking the cock down her 
throat until her lips met a dead end at its base.   Sheryl sucked hard 
on the penis, which was still large though it had become but a shadow of 
its fully-erect self.  She felt a tickle on her leg, and realized that 
his spent come was running down the inside of her thigh.

     She continued sucking for nearly ten minutes, trying to bring the 
cock back to sexual life.  Finally, Michal responded to her oral massage 
and Sheryl felt the cock growing within her mouth as it once again rose 
to the occasion.  Feeling it swell against her tongue excited her; 
Michal moaned, caressing Sheryl's hair as she expertly brought him back 
to orgasm.  

     "That's it, Sheryl...any minute, now..." Michal said, his breathing 
becoming deep and a little irregular.  His sex drives were solidly 
masculine, now; he had become completely accustomed to having a cock, 
and having Sheryl sucking it seemed like the most natural thing in the 
world.  He was, irreversably, a heterosexual male who wanted sex with 
this woman and no one else.  "It's coming, baby...it's...it's..."  His 
thighs again tensed.  His face contorted with the pleasure pain of the 
orgasm.

     A penile convulsion pressed against Sheryl's tongue and a sudden, 
powerful rush of hot cream flooded the back of her throat.  Its boiling 
saltiness almost burned as spasm after spasm of new come prickled 
against her tonsils.  Her tongue fought to swallow the thick, slippery 
substance as fast as he was producing it, but Sheryl had trouble keeping 
up with what seemed like quarts of rushing semen.

     Finally, his orgasm ended and Sheryl took a few final swallows of 
his come.  She gently sucked on his hot cock as it once more began to 
shrink away, this time in the woman's mouth.  She hungrily mouthed the 
organ with a loud, slurping sound until it became flaccid and small, 
much to Sheryl's dismay.  She looked up into his eyes and smiled a sexy, 
innocent smile that made Michal glad to be male.

     "I got lipstick all over it," she girlishly giggled.  "It's your 
shade."

     "That was...incredible," he said weakly, collapsing onto the bed.  
"I never knew sex could be like that."

     "Neither did I," Sheryl said seductively.  "But now that I do, I 
intend to spend a lot of time perfecting my technique." She symbolically 
sucked her index finger.  "Practice makes perfect.  A few months from 
now, I want to be able to suck an egg out of a Coke bottle...and make 
the bottle come."

     They lied down beside each other, caressing each other's bodies and 
feeling each other's heartbeats.  Deep love blanketed them, bonding them 
together inseparably and for all time.  Sheryl lightly ran a long, 
glossy red fingernail over Michal's lower lip, then slid her fingers 
into his hair.  She looked deeply into his dark, strong eyes, feeling 
the warm, feminine glow that filled her -- and made her feel complete, 
at long last.

     "I'm going to have your baby," Sheryl somehow knew.

     "I know," Michal answered.  "How do you feel about that?"

     She smiled, her eyes closed in delight.  "Mmmmm..."

     "It's our baby.  Ours."

     "I love you," Sheryl whispered.

     Michal smiled.  "You remember everything, don't you?"  

     Sheryl nodded, lovingly looking into his eyes. "For a moment, 
there, I was a man again..."  She caressed her breast lovingly.  "But it 
went away.  This is the person I want to be."  She stroked his hair.  
"You did so much for me...I want to cry when I think of what you must 
have gone through that first day, when I woke up as a woman.  How did 
you stand it...knowing for a year that the man you loved and wanted to 
marry had become a girl?  Seeing me every day, living here under your 
own roof...I coul dn't have taken it."

     "I love you, Sheryl.  More than life itself.  I knew that somehow 
we'd get back together again.  We had to...I couldn't have lived, 
otherwise."

     "But you paid such a high price to make it happen." She ran a hand 
along his hard, well-muscled thigh.  "Do you like it?  Being a man, I mean?"

     "I love it...I'm with you again.  How do you feel, living as a woman?"

     "I love it.  Beyond words."  She kissed him again.  "How did your 
mother do this to me?  And what you did to yourself..."  She stroked his 
stomach, running her fingers through the short black hair that grew 
there.  "This is permanent, isn't it?  I mean, we'll stay this way, 
won't we?"

     Michal smiled, holding her against him.  "For the rest of our 
lives.  For better or worse, just as if we'd been born this way."  He 
looked at her gorgeous face; he had a new appreciation for her beauty, 
now that he looked upon her with a man's eye.  "It's a very, very old 
magic.  Brought over from the old country..."

     "I thought things like that were just fiction...old legends."

     "No, its real.  I think we're proof of that.  My mother seldom uses 
it...only when she thinks she has to.  Spells and curses.  She got my 
father to fall in love with her that way.  I guess she wanted to see to 
it that you and I could never get married.  She could have done things 
simply and made you hate me, but her idea of poetic justice was changing 
you forever into a woman...forcing you to have a baby."      

     "Remind me to send her a thank you note."  Sheryl kissed Michal 
lightly on the lips.  "I've never been this happy." 

     They held each other for a moment, Sheryl pressing her softness 
into the strong body of her future husband.  She smiled her lovely 
smile.  "Let's get married...I don't want to wait."  He looked down at 
her.  "Make me an honest woman," Sheryl kidded.

     "First thing in the morning," Michal replied, kissing her on the 
forehead. 

     She kissed him again.  "You realize there isn't a stitch of 
clothing in this apartment that will fit you any more?  I guess I get 
all your dresses and pumps.  Not that you'd want to wear a dress, now..."

     "Guess I'll have to go naked for a while."

     "That would be fine with me, but the neighbors might complain.  
I'll pick up a few things for you tomorrow...before the wedding."  
Sheryl stifled a chuckle.  "It just occurred to me that, in you alone,  
your mother has lost a daughter...and gained a son."

     They kissed, deeply and long.  The lovers had, in essence, switched 
sexes with each other, but it did not make any difference.  And they had 
done so joyfully, for they were together once again.  As they fell 
asleep in each other's arms, Sheryl realized that she would soon have a 
new name.  

     Mrs. Michal Melossa.  Sheryl liked the sound of those words.

FIN
