I first saw Shiang from across the very crowded manufacturing facility
where we work. She was wearing a short, but modest, and very classy
blue dress. I immediately noticed the grace with which she carried her
self, it was the soft sleek movement of a siamese cat.   It was this
that first drew me to her.

I'd been working there for just over eight years, and knew, or had seen
everyone at least once before, so I knew that she had either just been
hired, or transferred in from one of our other facilities. I couldn't
find out more about her for some time without drawing undesirable
attention, so I bided my time content to watch her beauty from afar.

Several weeks later a friend of mine told me he'd been assigned to work
in our product development department, and that Shiang was the engineer
in charge of the project he was going to be working on. So, as he is one
of the few people I trust implicitly, I told him I wanted to know as
much as I could about this beautiful creature. My friend agreed to tell
me everything he found out.

Months passed, and I had only learned that she was divorced, and about
seven years older than I. No one that I talked to knew if she was
remarried or not, or what her outside interests were.

My options were limited. Everyone in the plant knew who I was, and,
quite frankly, I didn't have the best rep in the plant. I'm also not
what most would call handsome. Although most of the women I'd dated in
my single days, I am married, would have been rated 7.5 or higher, I'm
sure they had reasons other than my looks. There's a line to a song that
went "Pretty women out walking with gorillas down my street", that fits
me fairly well. I'm also not "successful", or well educated in the
classic sense, never having finished college. My chances of getting her
into my life in any capacity seemed grim.

Fortune smiled on me though. The project my friend was working on came
to an end, and a new team was being formed for the next one. Shiang was
asked to interview those of us interested in working on it, but I didn't
even apply.  The day for the interviews came, and, to my surprise, Shiang
herself came to me and asked if I wanted one of the positions! I looked
into her eyes, dark jade green with gold highlights, and lost my self.

I accepted the position.

Over the next few months of working together and chatting amicably, I
found out we have a great deal in common. She enjoys reading,
historically based novels like "Shogun", oriental art, and "erotic"
romance movies like "Bull Durham", and "9 1/2 Weeks". She has a quick
wit and LOVES to use double entendre in everyday conversation. She also
likes New Age music.

She likes hot moist evenings, sitting in her yard in a simple
cotton jumper feeling the grass between her toes, fanning herself gently
with a hand-made Japanese fan. It was her birthday the other day. I gave
her a pair of origami lilies which I'd made. One was green, to match the
eyes I shall never forget. The other, the same blue as the dress she was
wearing the first time I saw her. I didn't tell her the significance of
either. I did get enough courage to let her know that my feelings for
her are not quite what you'd call simple co-worker friendship.

These days its easy to scare women. There are a lot of crazy people out
there. Men that get so obsessed that they'd kill rather than see the
object of their desires with another. So I'm going to have to be extra
careful for a while. I don't want to scare her off. I'd rather spend a
few minutes a day with her by my side than risk losing even that.

I dream of snuggling up together in front of a fire on a cold January
day, her in a thick warm robe, I in a hand made silk smoking jacket,
being warmed merely by her presence. We'd lie curled up together on the
sofa, she reading the tale of a young peasant boy in love with the
shogun's daughter, I some great philosophy.

She'd turn to me and ask If I'd start a bath for her.

I'd rise and bowing low, ask laughing "Is there any particular scent
M'lady would prefer on this fine day?"

Turning her head up to kiss me she'd reply smiling, "Lilac would be
nice."

I'd draw the bath making sure I used some Lilac scented bath oil and
return to her to announce "Your bath is ready M'lady... Is there
anything else M'lady requires? "

She'd rise and answer, with a slight gleam in her golden green eyes, "A
massage would be nice afterward, and later if you're not too tired..."
I'd put clean satin sheets on the bed, and lay out some oils for the
requested massage. Then I'd go to the kitchen and open a bottle of
auslese wine and cut some cheese and perhaps a bit of sausage. I'd carry
the tray of snacks and wine along with two glasses to the bathroom where
Shiang is drawing lazy circles on the surface of the water. Marveling
still at her beauty I'd pour her a glass of wine and feed her a tidbit
of cheese. We'd sit sipping the wine and talking about what we were each
reading until the water in the tub began to cool. I'd help her stand up
kissing her first on the hand, then gently on the mouth.

While I carry the wine and cheese into the bedroom she'd towel herself
off. A moment later she'd appear in the doorway smiling and, walking to
the bed allow the towel to slip sensuously to the floor. Lying slowly on
the bed she'd take my hand and hold it to her breast. I feel the beat of
her heart, and see the look of slight anticipation in her eyes. The
scent of lilacs fill the air as I gently kiss her navel and slowly nibble
and kiss my way up to her throat. Slowly, but firmly he r arms encircle
me and she holds me as if the world was ending.

After an eternal moment, I slowly press her down to the sheet and turn
her on to her stomach. I put a few drops of scented oil in my hands
allowing it to warm. Starting with her feet I slowly, tenderly work the
oil into her skin. Very slowly loving each moment I work my way up.
Feet, calves, thighs. Her thighs slowly relax as my warm strong touch
releases the tension in her. With a firm knowledgeable touch, I work her
muscles and she moans a soft contented moan. Each inch brings more
relaxation, and anticipation until the mixture of the two seems almost
unbearable. Yet I continue slowly up her back gently kissing every inch
as I proceed. There is no need for haste, we have eternity.

I turn her onto her back, and kiss her once before again returning to
work again. Starting with her feet again moving ever so slowly I massage
each toe. Her breathing slows and deepens. She is on the edge of falling
asleep, but I know she will not. Still using the same snails pace, I
work my way up each thigh, carefully brushing each erogenous zone ever
so slightly to tease her. I am extra careful not to tickle her, that
would break the spell I am weaving with my hands on her flesh. I gently
caress her abdomen still kissing every inch as I proceed. I give each
nipple a small flick with my tongue as I reach her small firm breasts,
but I continue on working on every part of her as if it were my whole
universe.

I allow her a few moments of luxuriating in the other worldly
sensation that she has now.

Slowly, so I don't disturb her revelry I lie next to her. Leaning over
her I kiss her soft full lips. Still moving slowly I kiss each cheek,
each eyelid. I nibble gently on her neck and earlobes, slowly running
my tongue down to the spot half way between her breasts. Softly I kiss
back and forth in an ever increasing line until I reach her nipples. I
wrap my tongue around them as they spring to life, nibbling, sucking,
biting. Suddenly she comes to life, wrapping her arms around my head,
holding me to her. She kisses my forehead and then lifts my face to hers
and gives me a long, slow, deep, wet kiss.

My cock starts to grow as she takes control of the situation. She rolls
me down onto my back and kisses me on my throat. Using the same slow
deliberate pace, she kisses her way down to my chest, stopping only once
to look longingly into my eyes. She nibbles on my nipples knowing how
anxious she is making me.

She slowly returns to my neck, while one hand moves towards my crotch.
As her hand reaches my cock, she again starts the slow kissing down my
neck and chest.

She continues down, until I feel her breath on my thighs. She pauses,
breathing on my cock to heighten my anticipation. As her mouth closes on
my head, I grab her hips and pull her full on top of me. I smell the
sweet fragrance of her pussy, and delight in the sight. We still move
slowly so as to lengthen the love making. She slowly caresses the under
side of my penis with her lips as I inscribe a small oval around her
lips with my tongue, just missing her clit. The ecstasy is almost
unbearable. I quicken the pace just a bit as I slide the tip of my
tongue in a line from her anus to her exposed love button. She responds
by pushing herself against my face while just barely scraping my cock
with her teeth. I continue by gently parting her pussy lips with the tip
of my tongue and slowly flattening it out to cover her completely. We
abandon ourselves to full animal passion, each grinding the others face
with our genitals.

After what seemed to be hours, she pulls her head from my crotch,
bucking and moaning, pushing herself harder onto my face. I probe my
tongue deeper into her love tunnel. Just as she shudders, she quickly
pulls away from me and turns around. She impales her pussy on my cock
riding me as if I were a horse and she wanted to win the Derby. I lift us
up from the bed with my pecker still inside her and roll over to the
superior position. Thrusting now as if my whole body is on fire I ram my
cock into her. We are both ready to climax. I feel her muscles start to
contract around my penis squeezing as if to milk every drop of cum from
my body. My mind explodes into a myriad of stars as she wraps her legs
around mine determined to hold on, her nails biting deeply into the
flesh of my back. We cum together with rockets exploding in our heads,
and fall asleep still entwined completely in each other.

... I still feel sorrow, for this will not be. At least not in this
incarnation. Perhaps in my next life, I will know her and love her fully
as I want to now. For now I must be content to allow my eyes to be
caressed by her beauty, my ears by the sibilant sound of her voice, and
my nose by the scent of her perfume.

The Prince Of Desire

