Archive-name: Affairs/shirley.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Shirley's Party Night


It was Shirley's party night so instead of going out to a bar she
invited some friends over to party at her house. There was quite
a few good looking guys with hot looking dates there. Shirley had
her eye on a few of them. Tony, Brian, Randy, Tom and Eddie. They
didn't know it yet but by the time the night was over she would
have them all. They were the hottest guys there. With the hottest
dates, who thought they  were the most beautiful girls any guy
could lay eyes on. Little did the girls know, the guys were tired
of girls who worried more about their looks rather that having
fun. So Shirley slowly went to work on getting what she
wanted.  First she started on Tony because he was so bored with his
supposedly hot date.  She caught him while he was in the bath-
room, she had a two door bathroom. The second door was from her
bedroom. He was surprised to see her sneak in on him. But he
didn't mind when she slowly started unzipping his pants to show
his growing mass. She took his now growing cock in her mouth and
started sucking it deep.  He slowly let out a moan to show her
how much he liked the attention he was getting. He grew with each
suck she gave him. He was hotter than he had ever been in his
life, as he thought about how good it was suppose to be with
Devra. But it wasn't anything like this. He thought how nice it
would be to fuck Shirley deep in her hot sweet cunt. She was
going so deep on it, he could feel it rubbing her throat.  That
made him all the more hotter.  Devra had never sucked and licked
his cock so well.  He was trying to keep quite, so every one
wouldn't know what was going on. He was about to let her have all
his hot love cum deep in her hot throat, so he told her to get
ready for his hot load.  She slowly pulled away and said,  if you
would like me finish what I started come back later tonight. If
you don't mind having company working me.  Tony told her he would
be back for sure.  He told her goodbye, that he had to take Devra
home so he could come back for more of her.  She knew she had one
down and four to go.  By the time she got all of them together
later that night she would be boiling hot. So she started working
on a way to getting the rest of them to do her bidding. Brian was
the next on her list, so she went to work on him. He was wondering
why it had taken Tony so long in the bathroom. He would soon find
out. Every one else thought that Shirley had to go out for a
while but told them to help themselves to anything that they
might need. But she had went out the door and came back in the 
servants door to Brian's surprise. She put her hot pussy in
Brian's face and ask if he would like to have a taste. He went to
work licking at her ever so sweet clit and cunt. As he thought to
himself [this is the sweetest pussy juice I've ever had]. She
knew she would have all five by the time she was finished. It
took little to nothing to get Brian to  agree to what she ask.

Eddie was the next one on the list for him she put on her teddy
that showed her hot tits and ever so hot pussy exposed for all to
see. When he walk into the Kitchen to get a bite, little did he
know how hot a bite it would be. She walked up from behind him
and started rubbing his cock. He thought it was his girlfriend so
he said do it harder baby. But to his growing surprise he turned
to find Shirley rubbing his growing cock. That got him even
hotter.  She looked at him and said I want to suck all of you, he
gladly agreed, but she said you'll have to come back later to get
you're reward for being sooo hot love.  He went to work on getting
rid of his girlfriend for the night.  Then it came to him, I'll tell
her I have a dinner date that will run late into the night. Randy
went to the bar for a drink and got the biggest surprise of them
all, as he was pouring a drink for himself he felt his pants being
unzipped and his cock grabbed and put in something nice and warm.

He slowly looked down to see Shirley eagerly working his now
growing dick. He was so hot, he thought he would pop, then she just
stop where she was.  And said later, just come back if you want more
sucking and fucking from me.  BIG BOY, nice cock.  He wasn't sure if
he could get rid of his girlfriend for the night but said he
would sure try his best.  The last and hardest to get was Tom,  He
was to shy not use to girls who took charge. She had to work
slowly on him. She started by massaging his shoulders and
caressing his chest.  He really liked that,  made him relax just a
bit. So she kissed his lips and rubbed his cock while they
kissed. He really warmed up to that. He start taking off her
blouse and sucking her big hot tits,  while he stroked her pussy.

Then she got up in front of him and slide her pants down.  She ask, 
like what you see. If so come back later for more fun. So by the
time she worked all of them into coming back she was ever so hot
and ever so ready for them all. The first one to get back was
Randy,  she had just teased him to get him to come back, so while
they waited for the others she told him that she would give him a
sample of what was to come with the night ahead. She slowly took
her robe off, to reveal a teddy under it with her tits and sweet
pussy exposed. She told him that he was now her slave for the
night and if he didn't do as she ask that he would have to suck
one of the other slaves cocks for her. He would have to watch the
others fuck and suck his mistress, without being able to touch her
at all or she could make him beg for a lick of her sweet pussy
while the others watched him beg for it. He eagerly agreed to
what she ask. So she told him to get down on all fours like a dog
and lick her sweet pussy. There came a knock on the door just as
he started licking her clit. He stopped licking her cunt and she
said that is one penalty you will pay for. Then she ask who it
was and the answer was it's Tony. She said come in,  so he came in
to find Randy on all fours licking his mistress's pussy. Now that
you have come back she said,  I will tell you the rules too. You
must do my bidding all night if you want me. He thought to
himself sounds fun to me,  so he agreed to do her bidding for the
night. She made him suck on her tits while Randy licked Tony's
cock for not obeying her orders. Then she made Tony suck her clit
for a while. If you want to have fun tonight with me you will do
as I say. There was a knock on the door she said come in. It was
Brian. He agreed to her rules. She made Brian fuck her hard with
long strokes. They knew her sweet pussy and hot mouth would be
well worth it. The next one to show was Eddie,  he had the hops
for Shirley for a long time. Shirley knew he would do her
bidding. She made him lick her clit and Brian's cock as it came
out of her cunt.  The last one to pop in was Tom. He had got drunk
before coming to see her. He started trying to kiss all over her.

She said my slaves only do what I tell them to do. Unless they
have earned free time. Besides if they didn't like it they have
to do what I tell them to or suck my slaves cocks until I tell
them they can stop. Or any penalty I want to make you do. I could
even make you watch the others do every thing for me. But she
also told them if you don't want do to more than one thing I ask
you must leave then or pay the penalty. She had Tony take Randy's
place between her legs as she laid down on her bed. Then she took
Randy's and Brian's cocks in her hot throbbing mouth and started
working them ever so slowly while she stroked Eddie's and Tom's
cocks in her hand. She made Tony stop licking her sweet pussy,  he
didn't want to let go it was so good. She said let go or pay the
penalty. He took the penalty so she let him lick it for a few
more minutes. Then Brian was told to put his cock deep in her
juicy cunt while Tony licked at her cunt and clit. She made him
lick Brian's cock as it came out and went in between licking her
clit. Then she told him he had to pay for his penalty now. He had
to give her his cock for close inspection,  She put it in her hot
mouth, as she moaned. She told her slaves if they were good she
would give them free time [when they could do what they wanted
with her for mins.]. So they all worked hard to please her.  She
told them that the had earned their free time. So Brian fucked
her sweet pussy while Randy licked her clit. Eddie had her
sucking his hard cock for him. And Tony wanted her hot asshole, 
so he had to pay before he could get his hot cock in her ass. She
made him tell her how much he wanted to fuck her tight asshole, 
he told her he wanted to feel her tight ass close around his cock
like a vise. Since he was such a good slave she let him put it
deep in her ass.  She slowly worked Randy's growing cock in her
hand. Then she put it deep in her mouth for a long suck of his
cock. They all were moaning and working each other as fast as
they could. Tom was fucking her sweet tits they were so big and
warm on his cock. Then she told them Free time was over. So she
made them do her bidding again. This time thought she wanted to
suck their hot cocks while some of them fucked her. She wanted
every one of her hot holes to be filled with their big juicy
cocks. She loved them so. So Tony got her hot asshole while Eddie
fucked her tight sweet cunt.  She wanted Brian's hot dick in her
mouth, so she could take all of his yummy cummm. Which left Tom
without a nice hole to fill. So she told him to put it in her hot
mouth with Brian's juicy cock, she would work them both.  Randy had
been a bad slave earlier so he just got her hands attention. Tony
was the first to try to cum on her, but she wouldn't let him fill
her hot ass with his cum not just yet. He would have to what and
ask his mistress permission first. So he ask her if he may please
cum in her hot ass. She let him. It got her so tight that it made
the others want to try to cum on her.  It squeezed the cum out of
his balls. The next one was Eddie, he tried to cum just after
Tony.  But he had to ask first so he did,  give me all the cum
you've got hot stuff. He  shot his hot load in her tight pussy.

Eddie could feel the cum shot forth into her hot ass as he shot
even more in her wet pussy. She sucked Brian and Tom even hard as
she felt all the cum being shot into her. They had never been
sucked and worked so hard before and tried to  explode soon
after. She made them wait while she sucked them harder than
before. Then they ask if they may give her all the hot cum they
had for her.  She said in a few minutes I'm not through sucking you
hot juicy cocks yet. She took longer and faster strokes on their
cocks and then said fill my hot mouth with all that hot cum. They
filled her hot mouth as she tried to suck it all in, but it was
just to much for her. It ran down her face and on to her
tits.  Then she grabbed Randy's long rod and put it deep in her
mouth to work it, He moaned and said I'm so sorry I was bad
mistress,  please forgive me. She told him only if you shot your
hot cum deep in my throat. Then he begged her to please let him
fill her hot throat with his cum. You must wait because you were
so bad, just before he lost it she said fill me now. But she loved
every minute.  She told them that they would have to meet again
really soon, but for now she had some friends coming over. So they
would have to stop for this night right there. But that there
would be other nights if they were game.

--
