  
   In silence I walked within the room, my movements supple,
graceful and powerful.  Drawn by the essence of my Shiva, my
destroyer, he who held the reins of my spirit, I moved slowly to
circle him to parade for him, he who was my master.
 
     The long black strips of leather that wrapped upwards along my
thighs slipped between my vaginal lips and behind to slide up
between my cheeks to spread them wide, that he might view with
pleasure the territory that was his and his alone.  The soft black
leather thongs which bound my breasts pulled taunt my nipples,
pouted them outward for his tasting, his accessibility to my milk
denied by none.  My long black hair swung freely, whipping lightly
against my hips, for he that found pleasure in the waves of softness
so like a rein to guide his consort in his pleasure.
 
    So I danced and moved before him, muscles taunt and smooth and
flexing, letting him observe my structure and agility for his
judgement.  And he nodded once and bade me to sit near him at his
feet and ran his fingers through my hair to show his pleasure with
my performance.
 
   Almost nonchalantly he dropped his fingers to my nipple and began
to roll it gently between his fingers, fingers strong with the power
of his will.  And his hands reached down my body to tug at the
straps running between my legs, and I arched back leaning against
him soft moans escaping beneath my breathing. Turning me towards him
he lifted me roughly by the straps which encircled my body, grasping
me to him he carried me lightly to the room that was my doom and
also my destined ecstacy.

   Held helpless within the aroma of the musk and heat of his body I
resisted not, nor could I, for I reveled in the pleasure that only
he could give.  And he placed me kneeling on the mahogany table,
high enough for his full viewing, and I arched my back and writhed
in anticipation of his exquisite tortures. Yet tonight, he had other plans...
 
       With silk lined leather he blindfolded me, and bound my
wrists.  Then tied straps around my knees which bound them to my
elbows.  Thus restrained I felt myself carried to the revolving
table in the playroom, left exposed and vulnerable to await my masters will.
 
     Time passed as I kneeled waiting, soon I heard the sound of
many footsteps, this would be a meeting of some kind and I the
entertainment for his guests. No-one spoke but for my Shiva, who ran
his hand along my face and introduced me as his consort and bade all
to appreciate my beauty and my innate sensitivity to tactile forms.
Blind I could see nothing, feeling the hand which must be my master
stroking my back with whispery touches, with pride at the pet he had
created.  I could not help but respond to his touch, my heat rising
and my desire, my clit engorging to begin to chafe at the straps
which held me open...inviting.

     He rotated the table, spinning me, pointing out my
vulnerabilities...reaching beneath to run his hand against my vulva
to show how wet I had already become. Then with my own wetness he
moistened my anus and I could not stop myself from thrusting
backwards to his touch, a low moan escaping from me as my heat rose.

    Suddenly I felt the quick burning of the small whip against my
clit, its stinging flicks making me shudder.  He slowly dragged the
leather across my opening and between my ass cheeks, only to thicken
it with my moisture to increase his excitement.  Quick lashes across
my buttocks, stinging sharply, each leaving several lines of heat
across my cheeks and nether lips.  He laughed to see me writhe in
pleasure, and enjoined those in the room with him to test my mettle
and desire with their excitement which he had provoked from them
with his display of power.  Giving them leave to have their way with
me, asking only that I not be penetrated by the sex of any man save
himself, at least within my cunt.
 
      He snapped a hook attached to a leather leash to the straps at
the back of my waist and connected it to the swivel hook in the
ceiling to lift my buttocks higher, lifting my knees barely off the
table, stretching the leather straps which wrapped around me, the
straps which pulled back my vulval lips and spread farther my
buttocks, the leather pressing deeply into my skin as it supported
my body.  And I hung, blind, exposed and vulnerable and I heard his
footsteps leave the room, leaving me to the hunger of his guests,
leaving me in desires agony.

     I felt hands, some tenative, some rough and wild grasp my ass,
my breasts and nipples.  Each touch threatening to spin me as I hung
by the straps that bound me.  The tendrils of leather of my masters
whip caressed up the crevice of my buttocks and the roughness of the
handle scraped my anus making me moan.  From  the side rough hands
grabbed my nipples, pinching as I felt grasping hands weave their
way into my long hair to lift my face.  Long callused fingers
invaded my exposed cunt to roughly thrust deeply within me, as sharp
fingernails scratched at my clit.  The lash of the whip burned hot
on my buttocks as against my lifted lips I felt the thrust of a mans
eager cock as he pulled my face against him.  Each touch roused the
fire within my body higher to my torment, and I heard my masters
laughter as he watched my body fill with desire against my will, as
like an animal the lust overcame me.

    I was engulfed by the many hands that touched me, roughly,
softly, grasping, pulling. My nipples ached as they were pinched and
roughly nipped by sharpened teeth.  Harsh slaps stung my buttocks as
eager fingers probed my depths, while the thick member of someone
penetrated my hungry lips.  I writhed as I hung suspended, thick
fingers thrusting within my cunt, another hand far more slender
pinching and rolling my clit between slim fingers, their nails
slashing at my clit and vulval lips.  The cock thrusting deeper, its
head rubbing harsh against the ridges at the back of my throat,
hungrily sucking it ever deeper as the fires within drove me wilder,
more feral.  Suddenly I felt the rough leather of the whips handle
thrust deeply into my cunt, my involuntary spasms wetting it
thuroughly with my juices as my body betrayed its eagerness for this
invasion by drenching the leather with my hot essence.

    Rigid cocks thrust against my body, squeezed beneath my breasts
by crushing hands as men thrust against me, fucking me on either
side, my breasts pressed tight against my body to recieve their
slippery shafts.  The cock within my mouth thrusting hard and deep,
my face crushed against his pubic mound, his balls tight against my
face as I felt his cock buck and flex against my tongues writhing.

     I felt someone shift beneath my raised hips and hot, slavering
lips bit my clit mercilessly, sucking it hard as long nails raked
down my buttocks.  

        The rough whips handle, swollen with moisture filled my cunt
with ragged thrusts as I screamed with pleasure as thick fingers
invaded my anus, pulling me open.  Moaning around the thick cock
which thrust mercilessly into my mouth as a brutal cock began
pushing to penetrate my tight ass.  Rocking, swinging at the mercy
of the eagerness of those who took me, thrust in each direction,
each offering exquisite agony and immeasureable ecstacy.  Almost
incoherent I felt myself lifted higher, the body beneath me shifting
and turning, I felt the soft flesh of another female <ah, the eager
flashing nails and hungering devouring of my clit> as she shifted to
stretch below my suspended form, her voracious mouth still biting
hard upon my clit as the huge cock between my lips began to shudder
under my tongues torture and I eagerly sucked him deeper till my
lips engulfed his cocks base as I felt him buck and tremble within
my mouth, his seed spurting hot against the back of my throat. <with
the last of my coherence I thought I knew that there were four men
and a woman then, still hearing the low laugh of my master in the
room watching still>

    The spent cock withdrew, and my head was pushed deep into the
soft fur of the female prone beneath me, her hungering, desperate
bites upon my clit drove me wild as I used my bound hands to roughly
spread her lips and ran my tongue over the opening of her cunt.  The
men alongside us shifted so as to fuck each of our breasts, and I
swung with the thrust of the meaty cock into my ass.  My tongue
probed deeply into her wet cunt as my fingers strived against their
bonds to spread her cheeks that I might wet them with her juices and
thrust them deeply into her ass.  I felt her wrists against my
opening as she fondled the balls of the man who penetrated my aching
ass, her tongue thrust deep within me , her face crushing my
engorged clit.  My fingers probed her ass as I sucked her vulval
lips into my mouth. pulling them against her clit and rubbing my
chin roughly against her cunts opening.  The men to the side of us
thrusting eagerly between our bodies began a frenzied pace as they
watched us devouring one another and they spilled their cum between
us, our hard nipples sliding, scraping each others torsos.  

      The hot agony of the mans thrust made me shudder as he
savagely gripped my thighs to thrust deeper into my ass.  Each trust
shoving my body along her length, shoving my face deeper into her
cunt, my cunt dragged across her rough tongue.  I nipped hard on her
clit as I felt him buck and flex within my ass, his hot semen
filling me utterly as my inner muscles rippled with excitement.  In
response she bit my clit savagely, her fingers thrusting deep into
my cunt and I invaded her ass with my drenched fingertips, rubbing
the length of her crack with my mouth and tongue.  Then thrusting my
tongue roughly into her cunt, my face twisting to mash her clit.

  She spasmed beneath me, her fingers and tongue suddenly gone, my
aching need left berefit.  I writhed in my bonds, begging for
succor, for release, pleading with my master to finish me, to touch
mm. And with a chuckle, I heard him approach me, I begged for his
cock within my aching cunt, only to feel the cold agony of crushed
ice mashed against my hot cunt, clit and anus and beyond my screams
of anguish I heard him whisper "soon my sweet pet Shakti...soon..."

