                          Shock Therapy
 
Tim and I had tried mild bondage on each other but we quickly
discovered we weren't into anything heavy.  Mostly we like to
cuddle, stroke and feel each others cocks in the most intimate
ways.  And we do like to have fun.  
 
So I was a little surprised when Tim told me he had a surprise for
me.  First he had me strip naked then he tied me spread eagled to
a towel rack in our bathroom.  
 
"Don't worry, Sonny," Tim said as he adjusted the ropes around my
ankles.  "I know you're not into pain and neither am I."  He then
began to suck my cock slow and tender like only he can do.  My
cock, which had been flaccid from my nervousness, rose quickly from
the stimulation.  Tim licked a finger and slid it smoothly up my
ass to increase the delightful feelings I was enjoying.  I was only
frustrated by not being able to relax or return his favors.  Soon,
I felt the familiar urgency of an impending climax.  Tim must have
felt it also as he released my cock and removed his finger from my
ass.  
 
"Please," I pleaded, "keep going."
 
"Nope.  First you need to be blindfolded."  With that he left for
a couple of seconds and returned with a black silk blindfold that
he uses sometime to sleep during the day when he works nightshift. 
Seconds later I was standing bound and naked in our bathroom with
no way to see what Tim was going to do.
 
For the next few minutes I could feel the disturbance in the air
from his body as he went in and out of the bathroom and I heard him
humming from time to time but he refused to answer my questions or
give me any idea what this was all about.  
 
Then, just when I was beginning to lose patience, I felt Tim's hand
gently massaging my ass.  "Now look," I began, "just what are
you.."
 
"Shhh.  I'm sorry I took so long but now the fun begins.  Just
relax and enjoy."
 
Tim was rubbing soothing hand lotion all over my anus and playing
with me by inserting his finger in every once in a while.  Did he
have any idea how much I wanted his thick cock inside me?  Then I
felt a slick rod about 1/2 inch in diameter begin inserted into my
anus.  From its somewhat chilly feel, I thought it must be made of
metal and decided that it was a new enema nozzle that Tim had
pointed out to me in the store the other day.  Its been a long time
since he gave me one of his wonderful enemas.  But why tie me up
like this?
 
Then I felt warm liquid surrounding my cock like Tim was immersing
it in a glass of water.  "What the fuck?"  I thought.  "Just
relax," Tim said as if he had heard my thoughts.  Then it began. 
 
I thought I heard a low level buzz but wasn't sure.  Then it seemed
like my cock was vibrating in the water or whatever the liquid was. 
It wasn't exactly an unpleasant feeling, just unusual.  The buzzing
got louder and vibrating stronger.  Then suddenly there was snap
and it felt like, like... I can't really describe it.  It was
almost like my cock had been changed end for end.  The buzzing and
vibrating continued until another snap sound.  Then that same
indescribably switching feeling in my cock.
 
Now Tim was slowly lowering the liquid level around my cock.  The
virating sensations ceased in the part that was above water but
became stronger in the area still submerged.  It was as if all the
muscles in my cock were fighting each other violently.  I screamed
and Tim pulled the liquid completely free of my cock.  The buzzing
ceased.  The vibrations ceased.  I was shivering.
 
Then the warm water rose around my balls.  No buzzing though.  Then
the low level buzz began and my balls reacted much quicker to the
induced vibrations.  Suddenly, with no conscious thinking on my
part, I could feel my cock spurting great gobs of sperm.  The
feeling was like none I had felt before.  When my climax subsided,
Tim removed the liquid again, this time, thankfully, after stopping
the buzzing.
 
Now he removed my blindfold.  I saw that he had rigged up a model
train transformer to a couple of long leads.  One dangled over the
edge of the sink and between my legs.  Presumably it ended a few
inches up my ass where the contact between the cold metal and my
wet bowels provided a wonderful connection.  The other lead was
submerged in a large cup of water.  Ingenious setup.
 
Tim once again brought the cup of water up around my cock, this
time including my balls as well.  I watched and held my breath as
he began turning on the juice.  I was surprised how high it got
before I was aware of the buzzing and vibrating sensations.  At the
maximum level I experienced the pleasant tingling I had felt
before.  "What was the snap I heard?" I questioned Tim.
 
Instead of answering, he slid a small black switch on the
transformer reversing the device's polarity and at the same time
causing the weird switching feeling in my cock.  This he did
several times causing me to feel like little elves in the water
were jacking me off.
 
I needed to pee and told Tim so.  He suggested I just go ahead and
do it in the water.  I did so and immediately regretted it.  The
water, now salty, could conduct electricity tens or even hundreds
of times better than before.  My abdominal muscles contracted in
painful spasms and I literally saw stars before my eyes.  I
couldn't even scream, I was so paralyzed.  Fortunately, Tim was in
control and shut off the power immediately although it seemed like
an eternity.  However, I could see why he wanted me to be tied up. 
Had I been free, I would have hurt myself in the spasms.
 
We switched places and Tim had a chance to feel the pleasures of
electrical sex.  Then we.... but that's another story.
