Copyright © 1998,   Blue Djinn.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.








			A Summer Holiday

A trip to the South Coast of France was just what the Doctor ordered. It had been three years since my previous holiday and as a consequence I was relishing the three week break. As I drove through the sunny village of Medoc I couldn't help but notice that short skirts had made a comeback. One girl really caught my eye, probably only eighteen or nineteen and very petite wearing a micro mini of some sort of elasticated material. The way it hugged her bum as she walked was awesome. Shoulder length blonde hair and suntanned slender thighs. I gave a little toot on the horn and she turned to look. I was rewarded with a pretty smile and I waved in return as I continued on my way; slightly embarrassed actually, for as she turned I got a good look at her face and realised she was probably only fifteen. Still, no harm done.

About six kilometres further I spotted the sign I'd been looking for and turned right into the farm track. Wending up the hill to the old farmhouse amidst a grove of lemon trees was a joyous sight. The three ladies who'd just come into view were a similarily breathtaking view. All aged around thirty and totally naked. My destination had been reached. Trondheim Farm, a nudist resort on the beautiful coastline of Southern France.

Parking in front of the rambling old building I made my way into reception to confirm my booking and explained how my wife had fallen ill but insisted I took my well earned break and come on alone. These places never allowed single men.  This story was met with proper sympathy for the health of my ficticious wife and the raven headed lady called for her daughter to show me to my chalet. I managed to study the woman as she checked papers behind her desk. She appeared to be in her fifties, well preserved and brown as a berry from tip to toe. A fat balding man made his way through the foyer wearing only thongs and sunglasses. The Matron of the farm said something to him in French and he replied with a German "Ja." I smiled. I don't know why for I have no idea what she said but she smiled too. I guess I was happy.
'Louise' yelled the woman impatiently.
'Coming Maman' came a lilting reply, and Louise came waltzing into view. I hope I didn't do my impression of a goldfish but the girl in question surely warranted it. She was breathtakingly beautiful and about twenty years old, dark almost black hair and full breasted. I smiled a hallo and got the sunniest smile in return.
'Show Mr Wainscot to chalet 18 Louise', said the Matron.
'Oui Maman' replied Louise. ' Mr Wainscot, this way please.' I made to follow the girl as requested and heard her mother call after her as she disappeared throught the door. 'And come straight back Louise, I need you to go shopping.'
There was no reply to this and I went through the doorway to find Louise waiting for me. 'Mr Wainscott' she gestured in the direction we were to go and I fell into step beside her. She bounced as she walked which was hardly surprising given her ample bust and it was all I could do to stop myself staring. I hope I got used to all these acres of naked female flesh quickly or I would be standing out like a sore thumb, in more ways than one.

'Its just over here Mr Wainscott.' Said Louise pointing at a pretty pink walled chalet with a row of flowers in front of each window. 
'John'. I said.
'Pardon' she queried. 
'My name is John, much better than Mr Waiscott don't you agree?' she laughed to this and nodded her head in agreement. 
Reaching the door  she pushed it open and led the way inside. 'Here we have your bed.' She said pointing. 'And through there is a small kitchen. That door there leads into the shower and WC. Shall I open your windows?.'
'Please'. I nodded, and made my way into the kitchen to inspect it. Everything was clean if a little spartan. I headed for the bathroom to check it and saw Louise struggling with the window on the far wall. It was a sash style and obviously a little stiff. I watched for a moment as I had a lovely view of her hourglass figure and the way her buttocks clenched when she stood on tiptoe in her efforts to dislodge it. 'Can I help?' I enquired.
'Oh would you, it is stuck'. She said rather obviously. She stepped to one side as I approached and gave me another one of her smiles. Women can get an awful long way with just a smile. Of course being stark naked and sexy as a siren helped a great deal too. The window was indeed stuck and it was doing a damn good job of resisting my efforts as well. I sensed Louise was watching me and suddenly I felt a little embarrassed. "Open, Damn you." I thought to myself.  
'Perhaps if we both try.' And so saying Louise stepped up beside me and took hold of one handle leaving me free to tug the other. '1,2,3.' I said, and with a heave the window squeaked its protest and opened up. 'There,' laughed Louise, 'it is done.' She turned to me with a triumphant expression as though she'd just won Olympic Gold and my heart went out to this fresh faced young girl, probably as innocent as a babe and me with all these unpure thoughts. I smiled in reply and thanked her for her help. 
' I am here to help,' she stated simply. 'If there is anything you need just ask.' Then she added, slightly impishly I thought. 'Anything at all'.

Innocent?, my thoughts were quickly revised and I tested the waters. 'Anything?' and I gave her a quizzical look. 
She giggled, then arching one eyebrow she said 'Maybe'. Then with a toss of her hair she left the room, and was that a more pronounced sway to her hips as she left?. Jesus I'd only been here twenty minutes and already I'd been semi-propositioned by a gorgeous twenty year old French beauty. I sat on the bed and mused upon my immediate future.


I felt myself getting a little sleepy, I'd been driving for ten hours that day. I lay down, closed my eyes and dozed straight away. When next I awoke it was dark. I looked at my watch, almost 10p.m., and I was ravenous. There was no food here so I would have to go back into town if I wanted to eat. I took a quick shower and heard water running in the shower next door. The walls could not be very thick, then glancing up I noticed a vent in the wall which was rather curious. Why vent one shower into another?. I shrugged and continued washing. Then I heard a muted female voice say 'Pass me the shampoo Dad.' The sound was clearly coming through that vent. Feeling decidedly perverted I turned off the water and picked up my towel. Checking my door was shut, I picked up a chair and returned to the bathroom. I switched off the light and quitly placed the chair into the shower tray, noting thankfully that it was porcelain and not plastic. No joy though. The vent slats were angled up into the wall and further examination told me it was a breeze block wall so there would be an identical vent in the chalet next door. 'Hmm' I mused softly, 'Might have to get a screwdriver.' 

I pulled on a fresh shirt and headed into the village. There was a bar there that served a nice cold beer and gave me a dish of spaghetti with french bread all for 12 Francs. A good deal. Fed and watered I returned to the idyllic setting that was to be my home for the next 17 days. 'Damn,' the gate had been shut and locked. I climbed out of the car and over the gate and made my way up to the Farmhouse. It was about one kilometre and a beautiful balmy evening. There was still a light on thankfully and I tried the door. Locked. I knocked softly and a minute later I heard the Matron query, 'Oui?.' 'It's Mr Wainscott.' I said 'I'm sorry to trouble you. I went into Medoc for a meal and I find the gate locked when I returned.'
'Ah Oui, one moment.' She said through the door, then immediately I heard it unlocked. She opened the door still naked and beckoned me inside. 'I was just going to bed, I'll get you the key.' She turned and walked to the desk. Reaching over the desk from this side was a stretch and one foot came up off the floor. I could see her cunt lips clearly hanging down from a veritable forest of pubic hair. They must have been all of an inch long. Seeing her like this, naked and still firm after all these years made me revise my estimation of her age, 47, maybe 48. I was still transfixed to her rear as she turned with the key in her hand and she must have seen where I was looking. She didn't let on though and just requested I lock the gate after I was in and return the key. She smiled and I said I would.

I walked back down to the car with my imagination running wild. Mother and daughter, now that would be something. Of course the Mother hadn't given me the slightest hint of anything, I just had an active imagination, and an erection by the time I reached the car. Shifting it uncomfortably  I brought the car in and locked the gate, drove up to the farmhouse and parked for the night. I went up to the door and it opened just as I reached it. I handed her the key and damn my eyes for fools, they flicked down to her breasts momentarily. When I looked up she was still looking at me so she had seen where I just looked again. It was easy seen where her daughters breasts had come from. 
'Goodnight Mr Wainscott', her voice was softer than before, a little deeper. She smiled.
'It's John, my name. Goodnight?' I left the question hanging. 'Isabelle, Bon Nuit Jon.' Said in her french accent sounded incredibly sexy and it was my turn to smile. 'Bon Nuit Isabelle' I returned to my chalet with a spring in my step. I wasn't positive but I think Isabelle was flattered at my interest.

Having slept most of the evening I wasn't particularly tired and with the moon up it was quite a light night. I stripped off and took a walk, heading for the beach. It was a glorious feeling to walk unfettered by clothing and without a care in the world. As was usual in these circumstances my cock stiffened and was soon standing to attention, it always happens when I first strip off and walk. It passes and hardly twitches its head again. It turned out to be quite a way to the beach, through a small wood and then down a winding path between large rocks before I felt the sand under my feet. The wave were rolling gently across the beach about thirty metres from where I stood and I sprinted over and ran straight in. Shit it was cold, no erection in this temperature, no testicles either.

I swam for about five minutes before leaving the water and walking again. Now it felt quite warm after the dip and I was soon dried off. I came across a couple making love between the dunes but gave them a wide berth, the ladies moans had alerted me to their presence I think before they were aware of mine. I had looked obviously, I mean you do don't you. She was on top with her back to me so I doubt I'd recognise her by her bum alone. I got back to the chalet about 2am and climbed into bed. Sleep came easily but was peopled with breasts and bums and blow-jobs. A number of times I came awake from a hot situation and had to hold my aching cock before drifting away again.

The knock on the chalet door came about 9am. 'Are you awake John?' It was Louise. 'Yes, come in, doors open.'
In she came, a vision of nubile desire. Her full breasts bobbing as she came, her nipples were very stiff. She had a broom and a duster. 'I clean all the chalets in the mornings, what time best suits you please?.' 
'Any time Louise, you won't disturb me at all.' I was still laying on the bed and I watched Louises eyes follow the contours of my body from head to toe, they flicked back to my groin and up to my face. 'Nice' she said unashamedly. 
'Are you always so complimentary?.' I enquired. 'Non.' She smiled and went into the kitchen and I got to see her firm young bum again for a fleeting moment. I couldn't let that comment pass though and swinging my legs off the bed followed her into the kitchen.
'Did you sleep well?.' She asked. 
'No.' I replied genuinely. 
'Oh no, why not?.' She sounded concerned.
'I had bad dreams. You were in them.'
'I was in your dream and it was bad?.' Now she was puzzled.
'It was very bad, very naughty.' I saw comprehension dawn and she laughed full throatedly. 'Yes, I think I understand now, naughty dreams.' And she was beaming broadly as she turned to her broom again. I left the kitchen playing it cool,  trying to anyway. "Shower, I'll have a shower." I thought to myself.

I heard Louise sweeping the bedroom and then she walked into the shower room and started pouring bleach down the toilet and cleaning around in general. She bent real low over the pan putting the bleach back and I'm damn sure it was a deliberate move. Her legs were parted far wider than necessary and gave me a full glimpse of her gorgeous cunt. There was not a hair insight around the lips themselves and I could see they were smooth and pink. When she stood and turned to face me the fact her lips were shaved was not at all apparent. Just a neatly trimmed short black pubic mound faced you. Louise smiled and allowed her eyes to wander over my body anew.
She stopped at my groin and then said in a little girl voice full of wonder, ' Oh, he's getting all big.' I looked down and sure enough my best friend was betraying my emotions, at half mast and pointing straight at the lovely young Louise. 'Why does that happen?.' She asked innocently and wide-eyed. I laughed and told her she shouldn't have bent over the toilet like that. 'Like this?' she asked. Over she bent again, only this time she stayed that way for quite a while and allowed one of her hands to stray up her leg, starting at her ankle. She slowly traced the contour of her leg all the way up till I thought she was going to finger herself, then she quickly stood and turned. Looking at my cock again she said, 'Oooh, I see what you mean. He does get bigger when I bend over.' She giggled and stepped nearer to me, putting her hands behind her back and sticking her chest out, she wiggled slightly to and fro as she spoke. 'If I make him big by bending over how do I make him go small again?.
No more Mr Nice Guy. 'By kneeling down'. I explained.
'Oh.' She said. 'How so?.' But she knelt in front of me. I stepped from the shower dripping water and my cock touched her cheek. She didn't flinch. 'He's still very big.' She said, 'He not go little yet.'
'Open your mouth.' I told her.
'Oh Non, you cannot do that, you will choke me with that big thing.' But there was a twinkle in her eye. She was mischevious alright.
'No I won't, I won't move, you will be in total control.'
'Ah non, my big John', she replied huskily, 'it is you who must be in control. It is the way I like it'.
'Funnily enough, it's the way I like it too.' I grinned down at her and she twinkled merrily back up at me.
'Ok, open wide Louise.' I said in a more commanding tone of voice.
'Oui.' she replied in her little girl voice again, and dutifully dropped her lower jaw. 
I slipped my cock slowly inside her mouth, watching fascinated as it disappeared inch by inch. It is a sight that always amazes me no matter how many times I witness it, it is so erotic. I was testing to see how far I could go before she offered any resistance. What happened next surprised even jaded old me. She took hold of my hand and placed it behind her head. She was offering no resistance whatsoever. I was thirty eight years old and had never been deep-throated before. I kept sliding in and she kept swallowing. I felt my head push against the back of her throat and she started to gag. I made to pull back but she shook her head and forced herself against me. The gagging finished and I was in her throat, or at least some of me was in her throat. She swallowed and I almost came on the spot. It was an incredible sensation like I'd just been gripped with her cunt muscles. I started slowly fucking her mouth not sure how much her throat could take but before long she was adding to the rhythm and I was quite literally fucking for all I was worth. Every time my pubes brushed her lips she swallowed and it has to rank among one of the best blow jobs ever. It was only about two minutes later when I felt the familiar tingling in the head of my cock. Louise must have felt the knob-end swelling even more for she grabbed my buttocks and impaled her face on my cock, giving me no option but to come deep in her throat. It was beautiful. Almost indescribable, all the time I pumped my fluids into this pretty French girls mouth she swallowed in timing with my bursts -doubling the intensity of my orgasm. 

I relaxed and she lovingly licked my slowly softening dick before she stood up. Up on tiptoes she gave me a deep french kiss and I could taste myself still on her tongue. 'Thankyou John.' She said and picking up her broom left without another word. I'd just had a most amazing blow-job and she had thanked me. I could fall in love with a girl like that. I heard the shower next door again but was temporarily too drained to be remotely interested in who or what was showering.

I spruced up and had a shave. The farmhouse had a small store and I breakfasted on fruit and bread, there was no sign of Isabelle or Louise. The ageing German man was tending the place and sat behind the desk with a pipe hanging from his mouth. He didn't seem interested in converstion so I left him alone. I found myself wondering if he was Isabelles lover, and then mused on wether Louises mother gave better blow-jobs than her daughter. God I was a lecherous old bastard. 

I headed off for the beach and disovered I had taken a rather circuitous route the night before. I found my way to the rocky path much quicker and wended my way down the path again. All I met gave me a cheery Bon jour or Gutentag and I replied with Morning and a wave of my own. One German chap said. 'Ah English'. In a tone that suggested that explained everything, but nothing more was forthcoming so I'm not sure what that was about. On the beach there were about forty people mostly families some elder couples. I was definitely the only single person but no-one seemed to be threatened by my presence. Mothers weren't sitting on there teenage daughters nor Fathers picking up rocks with which to hurl at me. All was well. Just then two children ran infront of me, a girl chasing a boy. They were both laughing gleefully as they ran and I smiled inwardly with the thought that ten years down the line he would be chasing her and she would probably allow herself to get caught.

As I walked along the beach looking for a quieter spot to throw my towel a voice of to one side of me said 'Bon jour Jon, a beautiful day, non?' I knew it was Isabelle from the sultry way John was pronounced and turning with a smile I bade her a good-morning too. She sat on a rainbow coloured beach towel of mammoth proportions and indicated a place beside her. 'Come tell me all about your life in England, amuse an old French Lady in her twilight years.'  Cue a compliment I thought, 'Twilight years? You are just starting in the summer of your years and looking as beautiful as a rainbow.' She actually blushed, I couldn't believe it. She smiled and patted the towel again. 'You are to kind, come, sit down.'

I did as I was bade and we talked of this and that, everyone who passed by said 'Hallo', Isabelle was much more relaxed today out here than the two previous meetings yesterday. Though that was not perhaps surprising give they were first encounters. What she said next though explained the change. 'It is much better we meet like this on equal terms, non?' 
'Equal terms?.' I asked.
'Oui, for today we are both naked and therefore equal.' 
'Ah yes, I see what you mean, I understand.' For indeed on both occasions yesterday I had been fully clothed.
We talked on as the morning gave way to noon. Without any warning of a change in the conversation Isabelle suddenly dropped a bombshell. 'Did you enjoy this mornings little triste with my daughter?.' Now I am an old hand at the poker face but that one caught me completely unawares. My jaw-line must have dropped about an inch and it took a moment to recover. I had no idea what to say. Isabelle studying my face intently suddenly burst out laughing. 'You are embarrsed, non?'
'Well, yes.' I said, my mind still racing.
'Ah there is no need, Louise is a young woman with what appears to be a healthier than average appetite for sex, she makes her own decisions and quite some time ago I stopped trying to look out for her all the time.'
That had given me valuable thinking time to think, but all I managed was 'But how did you know?.'
'Louise and I are more like sisters than Mother and Daughter. She tells me everything. That way we stay friends for ever, non.?'
'That's very good, I mean that you are so friendly with her. So many relationships can detiorate with age.'
'Ah oui, many years ago, Louise was just fourteen and an outrageous flirt. Living as we do in a nudist colony I didn't think that was so healthy for her. I was always chiding her. She became more distant with me and continued flirting behind my back. When I caught her in bed with a young German boy just weeks before her fifteenth birthday I was very angry.' 
Isabelle sat quiet for a while staring out to sea. 'I sent her away to an all girls boarding school near Nice.' She turned to look at me. 'It was a disaster, six months later she was sent home in disgrace.'
'What happened.?' I asked'
'She was held responsible for instigating an orgy, four boys from the nearby village and twelve girls altogether.'
'The boys must have thought it was Christmas.' I said. Louise laughed aloud. 'Yes, I believe they did. I can laugh about it now but at the time I was so worried. We were drifting further and further apart and I was in danger of losing her. Then I remembered how I had resented my own Mothers constant interferences and vowed not to let it happen with Louise. I sat her down and told her all about it. As the months went by we became the best of friends, as we are still today'.
'That's good, very good.'
'Oui. It is so. I see memories of this morning are returning.' Isabelle glanced at my groin. Damn me the thing had a mind of its own. It was almost fully erect and I hadn't even noticed.
'I'm sorry, Isabelle.' I turned to lay on my stomach. 
'Don't apologise, it is just nature, non?' 
I laughed. 'Nature, yes. It wasn't this morning I was thinking about though. It is merely being so close to you and intimate as we are.'
For a while Isabelle said nothing. Then she too turned to lay on her stomach. 'You don't need to flatter me. I am almost old enough to be your mother.'
'My Mother?. Ridiculous. I'm 38 years old for Gods sake.'
'Oh perhaps not your mother then but an Aunt anyway. I am 52 Jon.' She told me.
'Well it wasn't flattery, you are a beautiful woman and you have kept a quite remarkeable body.'
'I believe you mean what you say, I thankyou Jon for your compliments.' She continued 'If you like to swim I often come down here at midnight, it is so peaceful then. I must go now Jon. Bye Bye for now.'
'Au revoir.' I said in my best french. I watched as she walked away, admiring the shape of her buttocks and thighs. Definitely more of a Venus than Louise but remarkably firm for a lady of 52, remarkable.

She liked to swim?. That was a propisition for a triste, as she called it, if ever I heard one. I wondered if that had been her I'd seen and heard last night. I looked at her bum again. Nope, it was some other lucky lady impaled on some other lucky bastard.

I dined in town again that evening. Just as I was getting out of my car a voice said 'Hallo' very shyly. I looked over my shoulder and saw the young girl I'd tooted the horn at yesterday afternoon. She smiled slightly hesitantly and continued walking. 'Hallo again'. I called after her. God she was gorgeous, shame she was so young. That arse belonged on a seventeen year old nymphette, not a fifteen year old virgin. I was presuming she was a virgin. I wonder what her father though of her dress sense, she was wearing another micro-mini and you could just see the beginning of the crease on her left buttock as she walked. Astonishing. Turning away, slightly shaking my head, I caught the eye of a man sitting in the café window grinning at me. He nodded in the girls direction and wiped his brow in a mock gesture. I grinned back and nodded. After having eaten I drove around the French countryside until dusk, making sure I was through the gate before Isabelle or Louise locked it for the night. 

Back in my chalet I showered and debated on a midnight swim. Who am I trying to kid, there was nothing to debate. Wild horses couldn't have dragged me away. I was washing my cock more than usual thinking about it and it was responding in true style. 'Better save that.' I said to myself. And left the shower, just as I turned of the light I saw the light come on through the grill. I heard the shower go on. Curiosity killed the cat I know, but.
I went into the kitchen and got a knife. Repeating the process with the chair from the previous night I gingerly tested the screws. The vent was made of metal so it would make a hell of a racket if I hit it with the knife. Three were quite loose but the fourth stubbornly refused to budge. My attempts frustrated I sighed and lay down for a while. I must have dozed off for when I looked at my watch it was 12:15. 'Shit.' I gasped and leapt off the bed, cleaned my teeth and went out the door like a mad dog was behind me. I must have run nearly all the way and when eventually I arrived the beach was deserted. I stared hard at the waves trying to make out a swimming figure but nothing was there. I sat down in the sand and immediately regretted that. Nothing worse than sand in your balls for itching.

I decided I might aswell take a quick dip myself seeing as I was here and stood up when Isabelles voice came almost in my ear. 'Coming in Jon?' She took my hand and started running for the sea. I had no option but to run too and we raced hand in hand into the icy waves. 'Merd it is cold' said Isabelle. I gasped by way of agreement.
But I felt like a nineteen year old again and was full of life. That brisk run hand in hand with a voluptuos women had just restored some of my lost youth and I said as much to Isabelle. 'Oui, I feel that way tonight. It is wonderful, non?'
'Beautiful, just like you.' Clumsy it might have been, but it brought a smile to Isabelles face which was pretty much the desired effect. 
'Louise said to say Hallo.' Isabelle informed me.
'She did?. You told her you were coming to meet me.?'
'Oui. I told you we are the best of friends.'
'I know, I just. Well, what did she say.?'
'She asked me if I was going to fuck you.'
Coming from this ladies mouth the word took on a whole new erotic sound. I was very pleasantly shocked.
'What did you say to that.' I asked her, smiling slightly.
'I told her I didn't know if we would fuck or make love or just swim and walk. That it rather depended on you Jon.'
'Well I am nothing if not adaptable. I will do as you wish tonight.' And pulling her into my arms I kissed her deeply. She responded with a passion and our tongues danced back and forth for an age. My cock immediately started to stiffen and was soon pressed hard against her belly. I could feel her nipples jutting into my chest like a pair of bullets, but soft and warm bullets at that. Her hands were stroking my back and mine were doing similar to her when she broke free. 'I think, tonight, I want to be fucked Jon.' She said a little breathlessly.'Come I have a towel back there.' 
Music to my ears, the towel and that word fuck again. My cock was doing its own impersonation of a vibrator as we eagerly followed Isabelles lead to where she'd dropped the towel. Spreading it on the ground she knelt before me and took me in her mouth. No games here as there had been with her daughter. She was very experienced at this, very good indeed. Much more refined than Louise, not quite as erotically passionate. 'Louise is right, you are quite big.' She looked up at me and smiled around a mouthful of cock. What could I say to that?. 'Thanks' I mumbled rather inanely. I could still not quite grasp that this woman of 53 and her twenty year old daughter would be discussing my dick and what they'd each done with it. I pushed Isabelle gently back down on to the towel and she spread her legs willingly. I knelt between her knees and lowered my mouth to her groin. The heady aroma filled my senses as I tenderly started to lick my way around those monumental lips. Isabelle was quickly into the spirit of things and small moans and little writhings were being produced by my efforts. I was going to have to make an effort to drag my mouth away from this juicy paradise, I'd just found her clit and it was equal in proportion to the swollen pink lips that hung around it, nestling it safetly in their folds. It was almost of a size with her nipples and sucking on it was a sheer delight. Isabelle was bucking against my face now and I figured I must be doing something right.

A decision was reached for me though when Isabelle gasped out. 'Ah, fuck me Jon, I need you inside me now.'
Needing no second bidding I guided the head of my cock to her lips. As if by magic the folds seemed to open before me and I slid straight in. That first stroke is the most amazing of each and every fuck. The warmth and wetness that greet you there is the sweetest sensation imagineable. Judging by the gasps or groans that come from many women during that first penetration I feel the same can be said for them. Isabelle pulled me close and held on tight as I pulled almost all the way back out, staring down at her, not moving teasing her. When she moved up to me I pulled back again. 'Fuck me.' she repeated breathlessly. I rammed home and heard her gasp 'Oui.'
She definitely liked it hard then, this French woman with a body that had just suddenly reminded me of Sophie Lorens for some reason. Though I have no idea what Sophia Lorens cunt lips look like. More's the pity. I was well into my stride now. I could almost feel how her clit must be getting bruised and crushed at every groin thumping thrust, and no doubt she was loving it. She was staring to swear regularly, which always works for me, driving me to new heights of passion. Her rhythm matched mine to perfection even when I suddenly changed gear. She was most certainly in tune with her body. My only hope was I lasted long enough to make her come. As it turned out I certainly didn't need to ask her if she was ready. Half the bloody resort must have heard her screams. I love it when a woman is noisy like that but I don't believe I've ever heard one louder.

She subsided slightly, some passion drained, but continued with me in my own build up. After the shouting performance I'd just witnessed it was not long in arriving. I grunted and strained. Isabelle watched me closely. 'I love to watch a mans face when he comes.' She said. Slightly off-putting but no turning back now. 'Arrghh' I groaned and collapsed on top of her feeling my cock jump from spasm to spasm and feeling Isabelles cunt muscles squeezing me rhythmically. 'Thankyou my sweet, that was wonderful.' She kissed me, gently, tenderly, not with the same fervour we had shared before.

Bloody Hell another one. I'm getting my rocks off right left and centre and they are thanking me. They certainly know how to work a mans ego these French women. We lay suppine for some time till eventually my cock slipped out of Isabelle. We cuddled and hugged and I lived up to my reputation of being able to perform at least five minutes of afterplay without falling asleep. Eventually we stood and made our way back to the resort. At last the road came to parting and I was half expecting to be invited in but she said simply. 'Goodnight Jon.' And turning went inside. I wasn't sure what just happened but thinking later, laying on my bed, we had been in the centre of the resort. The 'Goodnight' was formal, no touching, no kissing. Should anyone have witnessed the parting her reputation could hardly be brought into question over that. That racket she made in the throes of her orgasm probably had not been heard up here anyway. Walking from farmhouse to chalet I realised I could not even hear the waves way up here. We must be about 150 feet above the beach and there is all that rocky ground and woods imbetween. Quite possibly it is why she suggested the beach, if she'd made that noise in the Farmhouse half Medoc may have heard never mind all the resort.

I was asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow, and, drained emotionally for now my sleep seemed clear of intruding nubile nudity. When I awoke just befor nine I felt refreshed, more so than I had in a long time. I made a cup of tea and went back to bed. I read for a while. It was after ten before I knew it and I suddenly realised Louise had made no appearance this morning. Was that connected to her Mother I wondered. No sooner than these thoughts were dwelt upon than in whirled the breeze that was the delightful Louise. No knock this time, in she came bold as you please and at once my gaze tried to soak up all of her glorious form simultaneously. A feat quite impossible for there was so much to drink in. 'Bon jour John. How are you today?.' She was radiant, vibrant. God how I wanted to fuck her. I wondered if I was going to get another blow-job too. 'I am well, and you are looking fabulous.' I told her. 'Thankyou.' And she did a little twirl for me before blinding me with her smile.
'I left you till last this morning.' She explained.
'You did, why?' I enquired of her, watching avidly as she raced around the room with the broom. 
'Because.' She said. 'Last night.' Brush,brush. 'You were a very naughty man.' Brush, shovel, brush.
'I was.?' 
'Yes, you had sex with my Mother BEFORE you had sex with me. I am very upset about this.' She pouted at me. I fell in love with her. Happens every time a girl pouts at me. Before I could formulate a reply she had leapt onto the bed and sat astride me. I had no covers up so basically this girl had just leapt onto the bed and sat on my cock. 'I cannot be angry with you though, you are too sweet a man. She lowered her head and kissed me. 'We will just have to have sex now so I can at least keep up with my mother.' She announced. 
Who was I to argue. I succumbed gracefully to my fate and pretty much found myself wrestling with a Hellcat.
This girl was to passion what Haggen Daaz was to Ice Cream. When she slipped me deep inside her moist depths, oh and what a velvet glove that was, I thought it was a gentle session in the offing. But no sooner had she completely sat down on it than she was off like a rodeo queen on a wild stallion. She completely wore me out. Ten years ago maybe I'd have kept at her but I was well and truly shagged after about twenty minutes. Literally shagged I think you'll agree. The surprise was she demanded that I don't come inside her. When I said 'Because of pregnancy.?' She replied 'No silly, I want to drink you again, you tasted so good yesterday.' Amazing, fucking amazing. I did love this girl. I wonder if her Mother would allow me to marry her?

Louise had somehow managed to get underneath me without my cock ever leaving her warm snatch but the way she gripped me at time it was perhaps not that surprising. All the time she whispered in my ear how good I was, and she'd never had such a good fuck. All things designed to make me feel like a champion but in reality it was her was doing most of the work. At times I felt I was just holding on for dear life. I could not maintain much of a rhythm at all which was good in a way because it prevented me from shooting my load to quickly. Louise came with a serious of little whimpers. Almost sobbing in pleasure as spasms seemed to wrack her body. 'Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck.' She moaned softly. I was not long in following her and remembering her request pulled out just as I was about to come. She grabbed hold of my cock eagerly and almost dragged me up to her waiting mouth. I started coming before I got there and a great wad of hot spunk splashed straight across her face. Greedily she opened her mouth to catch the rest. Not caring to disappoint my cock head disappeared imbetween those beautiful lips once more as I continued to pump jet after jet of thick creamy come into her open face. She drank it down like a drowning girl, gasping and spluttering. 'More.' She cried as my cock fell limp between her lips. 'Sorry my baby, all dried up for now.' She pouted at me. 'My greedy mother took half my daily spunk ration.' Using a finger she guided the line of spunk on her cheek into her mouth and sensually licked her finger.  All the while she was watching me watching her and she delighted in performing for me. She continued to wriggle under me and I knew she could easily carry on, so with superhuman effort on my part I fell between her legs and started kissing and licking for all I was worth. She groaned delightedly. 'Ah oui, my Englishman. That is so good' She cradled my head softly between her hands and opened herself wide to my attentions.

Her lips were almost non existent, especially in comparison to her mothers, and totally smooth not one little pink wrinle in sight. Her clit was small but clearly very sensitive and right now was proudly sticking out from its hood for all the world like a minature circumcised knob end. I lapped at it greedily and delved my toungue imbetween those musky succulent folds. She writhed around on my face becoming as slippery as an eel. I found it so erotic I actually became hard again. That hadn't happened for many a year. Louise, not surprisingly, was as delighted as I was. 'Ah goody, goody.' She cried gleefuly, her face a picture of rapturous delight. I slid into her more slowly this time and we both took it easier for the second session. Long, slow and deep this time around and it was only as Louise approached her second orgasm that she got a little heated. As I had come not ten minutes ago I knew I could last a long time now and attempted to give this beatiful girl as much pleasure as I could whilst I could. I tried every trick I knew to make her come again and with delight I watched as once more Louise's firm body went through the spasms that indicated her third orgasm. I joined her in mid-orgasm. Burying what little seed I had left deep inside her. She clung to me like a drowning woman and we lay for a long time like that in each others arms. There was a flushed pink appearance across Louise's breasts. A sign of her recent exertions and anyone would notice if she left now. 

'Shower?' I suggested. 'Oui.' she agreed quickly, and jumping up went into the bathroom. I heard the water turn on and joined her just as the stream was reaching hot. We washed and soaped each others bodies and I really took the time to study Louise. She really was a stunning girl and I knew exactly how lucky I was. Chances like this don't come along that often. Showered and patting each other dry Louise fell to her knees and took my dick into her mouth, sucking it tenderly for all the world like a baby at the bottle. I had to pull her to her feet, for all my cock had slowly started responding I knew I could take no more for a while. She pouted her delightful pout then flashed her brilliant smile. 'I will see you soon my handsome man.'
'je t'adore bitte.' I think she just said she adored my cock but my French was pretty appalling. 'And I love all your little bits.' I replied tenderly patting her rump. She giggled gleefully. 'Au revoir.' And she danced from the chalet without a care in the world. I went straight back to bed and slept for an hour.

On waking I remembered to slacken the fourth screw. I removed the vent from the wall and carefully laid it to one side with screws inside. Turning my head towards my shoulder allowed me to move my face into the aperture sideways and up to the other vent. Perfect, I could see the floor of the shower unit. A voyeur takes pleasure from the fact what he does is secretive and furtive. If the person being watched knows they are being watched then no pleasure is derived. Not on my part anyway.

The rest of that day passed largely uneventful. I spent a short while on the beach talking to a family from Rotherham in Kent. A man his wife and two young children. It was their first trip and had I been here before. Smalltalk. I spent most of the time catching up on my reading. I could feel the skin on my buttocks tightening under the glare of the sun and knew I'd over done it. I returned to the chalet and cooked a simple meal with the produce I'd purchased in town. I was no great shakes as a cook but it filled a hole. I spent the evening much as I'd spent the day, lying down and reading. I heard a door slam next door and heard muted voices. They must have been talking quite loudly for I'd never heard anything before except when in the shower that time. I closed the windows, the breeze was getting quite fresh. I opened the shower cabinet door but left the light off. If someone used the shower, if I didn't hear it I'd surely be attracted by the light shining through. 

Sure enough after a couple more chapters the light came on, and with anticipation mounting I turned off my room light and made my way into the shower cubicle with chair in hand. What was I going to find. The father, hope not. The mother, the daughter, what would they look like. I'd never caught a glimpse of a living soul next door although I was only in my second day. Up on my perch I steadied myself with a hand against the wall and pushed my face into the opening. Looking down brought me the surprise of my life. 'Fuck me.' I mouthed and almost fell bacwards off the chair. It was the young girl I'd seen twice in the village. The one with the micro-mini's. I'd assumed she was a local french girl but here she was in the chalet next door and having a shower before my very gaze. The feeling of guilt that ran through me thrilled me to my core. My pulse started racing and I had to concentrate my breathing. Here was the forbidden fruit straight from Eden. One bite and God would appear and cast me into the darkest pits of Hell. My birds eye view of her taut teenage body was perfect. Her breasts were tiny tight buds, but the nipples were pert and erect under the stream of hot water. Without a trace of make-up and with the evidence of those breasts I had to revise my age guess to fourteen. Another surge of guilt wracked through my body. She reached over to the wall for the soap and I saw her delicious young bum in all its glory. It had looked good in the mini but now I could see clearly that it was truly wonderful. It was really pert, almost pouting in its appearance. I felt my cock knocking against my stomach and I reached down a hand to offer it some comfort. The young girl leaned backwards as she soaped the backs of her legs and I was presented with the first glimpse of her pubic mound. There was a full luxurious mat of tight brown curls so she was definitely old enough to be fully aware of what I was doing with my right hand if she could see through walls. I found myself half wishing she could. I wanted to see what her eyes did when they saw my throbbing cock. Would she be horrified, or like a snake before a mongoose be almost hypnotised. 

I was about to retire to my bed lest she glanced up and saw an eye at the vent when she started to soap between her legs. I was the one now hypnotised. I couldn't have removed my eyes from that spot had a lightning bolt hit the chair I was standing on. She dropped the soap but her hand stayed between her legs and I watched on amazed. She was playing with herself. Her eyes tightly closed and with the water running over her tight breasts and flat stomach in rivulets this petite girl started to relieve whatever pent up desires were in her young aching body. Was she dreaming of all the cocks she must see on the beach by day. Did she have a boyfriend back home. Perhaps she had already given her first hand job. Her lips parted slightly and I could see she was breathing heavily. Water poured into her mouth, she swallowed. That was an erotic sight. What I saw next left me gasping, she actually brought a finger to her mouth and tasted herself, as she did so a shudder passed through her body leaving me in no doubt she had just come. It was almost as though the act of tasting herself had triggered her orgasm. She leaned against the shower wall for a moment as though drained, then with a quick rinse she was gone from my sight. Leaving me in mid air with a cock that felt twice as long and hard as usual.

I returned to my bed slowly playing with myself. I didn't want to come but the vision remained. The forbidden fruit with the arse to drive a man insane. I managed to resist the temptation and later that night was glad I had saved it as I discovered Isabelle was actually just as adept at deep-throat tecniques as her stunning daughter. She gulped my seed down with as much enthusiasm as her daughter too. 'Louise was right again, you do taste nice.'
'My God, do you to tell each other everything.?' I asked. 'Oui.' she replied with a smile, 'everything. I believe you made her come three times this morning. I actually felt a twinge of jealousy.' 
I felt a twinge of anxiety, did that mean I had to try and give Isabelle three orgasms too?. Some two hours later I fell into bed limp of dick and with an aching jaw. Cunnilingus can be serious work.

I was gone from the chalet before Louise arrived that morning as I had one brief business commitment to fulfil in St Tropez for my office. It only took a couple of hours and then we had a businessmans lunch in what was, surprisingly enough, a strip bar. Very upmarket it was too though with my recent sexual endeavours and the acres of flesh on display I paid scant attention to the girls. I thanked my host and started out on the two hour trip back to Medoc. The day was again beautiful and the French countryside very pretty as I meandered my way through the hills and valleys. I stopped in Medoc for more supplies. Mostly French breads and cheeses. I also bought a couple of bottles of wine the shopkeeper assured me was very good. Probably the stuff he made the most profit on if he was like shopkeepers everywhere. Shopping procured I got into my car and headed for the Farmhouse. About a kilometre out of town I came across a very familiar figure, one that I had become more aquainted with than she could realise. Wearing yet another skin tight micro mini, white in contrast to her brown thighs,  my young neighbour was gently swaying her way back home. I slowed down and pulled up. The roof was down so she could clearly see who I was. She smiled tentatively. Quite possibly a little alarmed. I asked her if I could give her a lift.  Her halter top was so tight her tiny breasts were clearly outlined. For a young girl she definitely had magnificent nipples
Good girl, well trained, she said 'no thanks' and she didn't have far to go. "To the Trodheim Farm? I am going there myself." Her face broke into a more relaxed grin, 'You are staying there too?.' She asked. 'Yes, this is my third day. Hop in.' And in she hopped, I was a compatriot now. We were on holiday at the same place. Her skirt rode up to reveal a hint of white cotton panties but I'm sure she did not see that I was looking. We talked seldom over the next five kilometres. I was suddenly at a loss as to know what to say to a fourteen year old girl, especially as my mind was filled with a vision of her naked taut body masturbating in a stream of water. It transpired there was only her Father on holiday with her. Mum had died when she was ten. She was bored silly at the camp most of the day so she walked into town every day to window shop. 

We arrived back at the gate and I pulled up in my usual spot. She thanked me very politely as she was getting out of the car and I told her I she was most welcome. If she wanted a lift again just ask. 'What is your name by the way.?' I asked. 'Lisa.' She said. 'Pretty name.' I smiled. 'I'm John.' She nodded and repeated my name. 'John. Thanks again John.' And with a little wave she was gone. 
A voice arrived in my ear. 'You'll get into trouble, she is much to young.' I thought for a second my concsience had taken on a corpereal form, but turning I found Louise looking at me with a stern expression. 'I only gave her a lift from town' I protested.
'Ah oui, and couldn't take your eyes from  her bum as she walked away either. I saw you staring.' 
'I was not.' I protested once more. Louise was laughing now. 'You must have made an impression upon her for she was definitely giving you a little wiggle as she walked away.'
'She was not, you're incorrigible Louise.' Louise laughed again and went on. 'I don't blame you for looking, I have watched her myself. She reminds me of myself when I was that age, full of romantic fantasy and almost aching to feel how hot and hard a real cock is like.'
She had watched herself, what did that mean.? 'Are you bisexual Louise.?' I ventured.
'Ah oui, I like sex in any shape or form, even animals.'
'You're kidding.' I was astonished at her frankness but she clearly didn't care wether she shocked me or not.
'Non, there are two horses in the stables here, both of whom I am on the best of terms with.' She giggled brazenly. 'Do you ride.?' She asked me. I replied I could but not very well. 
'Come,' she said, 'it is a beautiful evening.' 
'Ok, let me put this in the chalet and get out of my clothes.' I said gesturing at my shopping. She nodded and said she would meet me at the stable. 
By the time I got over there Louise had saddled one and was in the process of placing a halter on the other. One of the horses was unsheathed and its cock hung down two feet from its body. 'Jesus they are so big.' I said staring with undisguised awe at the horse. 'Oui, how you say, huge.' And she laughed. This one is always showing off to me. Everytime time I walk in the stable he gets his dick out and waves it around hoping I will come play with him'.
'You are being serious aren't you.?' I asked. 'Oui.' she said. ' I love cocks John, yours, his. I just like to touch them and feel them. The textures are so different and the feel of them as they throb in my mouth.'
'You get that monster in your mouth.?' I asked incredulously. She laughed delightedly. ' Not as much of it as either of us would like but I do, oui.'
'I'd like to see that.' I told her enthusiastically. 'Then I will show you later.' She replied. 'After we have ridden some of the devilment out of him.' She said, nodding her head at the horse with the hose pipe extension on view.
Louise jumped up upon his back without a saddle and I could only try to imagine what that felt like. Having the strength and warmth of that broad back rubbing agains your pussy lips must be very stimulating. I mounted the obviously quieter beast with as much skill as I could muster. Louise nodded. 'Let's go and she kicked Hercules into a trot, for such was the horses name. It transpired I was mounted on Neptune, the grey. We rode out of the yard and passed my own chalet and then I passed for the first time the front of my neighbours chalet. Lisa was sitting on the small verandah with a magazine. She looked up as she heard the horses and recognising me shouted 'Hallo.' She stood up and took a couple of steps forward. It was only then I suddenly realised she was as naked as one might expect to find on a nudist colony. I swallowed hard and sent a message to my cock, 'Don't fucking move.' I told it. 
'I didn't know there were horses here, can anyone ride them.?' She asked of Louise. 'Oui.' Louise replied. 'Come see me tomorrow and I will take you for a ride.'
'Oh wonderful.' Replied Lisa with schoolgirl enthusiasm. 'Or perhaps John will take you, he likes to ride.'
I glanced nervously at Louise but her expression was completely innocent, though there seemed to be the hint of a familiar twinkle in her eye. To my astonishment Lisa replied 'That would be nice too.' And sent a sweet smile in my direction. I nodded poker faced and kicked my horse on. 

Louise caught up with me in but a few strides, laughter gurgling in her throat. 'You are a bitch Louise.' I told her. She laughed all the more. 'That girl has definitely got the hots for you.' She told me confidently. 
'Rubbish. She's just a kid.' I said.
'In years maybe, but she has the body and desires of a young woman, I can tell. And when you turned to look at me her eyes dropped straight to your cock and widened slightly.'

I was sure Louise was mercilessly teasing me and made no comment to her last statement. Part of me, the part where my ego resides, was quite delighted. The rest of me however threw regular buckets of cold water over it just to keep it in place. We rode up through the trees and the sounds of bird song filled the air. There was a strong scent of honeysuckle and I felt at peace with the world. I had a beautiful naked girl beside me and right then not a care in the world. Shoot me at dawn I will die a happy man I thought. I glanced at Louise again there was sweat beading on her brow and her lips were parted, eyes slightly glazed. She looked at me and smiled sensuosly as I saw the by now familiar shudders passing threw her frame. 'You are coming.?' I asked amazed. 'Oui. Every time on Hercules when I am bare back. I can come almost at will upon his back.' 
'Its a wonder you can ever dismount then.' I told her smiling.

'I have other desires too remember.' She replied. 'My mouth needs to be filled as often as possible too.'
I smiled at this healthy young girls candour. She was quite breathtaking like this. She reined her mount to a halt and I did like wise with mine. She side footed Hercules to Neptunes side and just leaned right over and took me in her mouth. 'Now ride.' She mumbled as she gently tapped Hercules ribs with a heel and kicked Neptune at the same time. Both horses broke into a steady walk and we rode along through the trees like that. Louise leant over my mount and sucking on my rapidly swelling cock. It was without a doubt the most novel sexual experience I have ever had. Very stimulating, and judging by the tremors that were passing through Louises body she was having an almost constant orgasm. With the horses saddle smooth with use cushioning my balls and Louise's warm mouth and tongue doing a wonderful job at the opposite end it wasn't long before I sent another stream of hot fluids into Louise's ever hungry mouth. Completely drained Louise left my cock behind and sat up.
There was a thin trail of spunk from her lower lip to her chin which glistened wetly in the sun, she looked truly beautiful at that moment in time and I told her so. She smiled. 'Beautiful but exhausted.' she said. 'That was hard work.' I nodded. I'm sure it was. 

She turned Hercules into a small glade where we were soon lost to sight to the trail of rutted cart tracks we had been following. She dismounted and tied Hercules off at a branch. A thick shaft of sunlight passed through a hole in the tree canopy and lit up a patch of grass. There she sat. 'Come John. Sit with me.' I dismounted and tied Neptune off. I sat beside her and she took my hand in hers. We just sat there. Hardly ever speaking. It was so peaceful, not a moment to be spoiled with senseless chatter. I lay back in the grass and Louise laid her head on my chest. 'I am so glad you came here John, you have made me happy.' She told me in a soft voice. 
'I'm sure you were happy before I came.' I replied.
She tutted in her throat. 'Then you have made me happier.' She reached out a hand a took a hold of my cock. 'You and your sometimes small sometimes big friend here.' 
'You have made me feel twenty again Louise, or at least you have made my little friend there believe I am twenty again.' I told her. Louise laughed happily and once more I found her head in my lap. This girl really loved sucking cock.

A moment or too later and I was once again filling her mouth and feeling her amazing throat in action. Hercules was whickering and stamping his foot. Louise looked over at him and laughed. 'Look John, I do believe he is jealous.' I looked over at the horse and had to agree with Louise's appraisal. The horse was rolling his eye at us, pawing the ground and his cock was fully unsheathed and swaying around in the breeze. Even Neptune looked interested and was starting to unsheath. 'C'mon.' said Louise. 'Lets go say Hallo to Hercules and Neptune.' She led me by the hand over to the horses and immediately Hercules quietened down. Louise ducked down beneath the big bays forequarters and on all fours went under the big horse. 'C'mon John.' And pulling me down by the hand I found myself sitting under the horse within touching distance of the biggest monster of a cock I've ever laid eyes on. Louise reached up with both hands and took hold of the Bay gently. The horse whinnied softly.
I watched fascinated as Louise rubbed the huge cock end across her cheek. It was incredibly erotic to see and my own cock was attempting to do somersaults in appreciation. Louise's tongue flicked out and circled the geldings rim. I watched transfixed. 'Touch him John.' She said, offering the cock towards me. I shook my head hesitantly, part of me wanted to, just to feel it; but somewhere another voice was screaming Homosexual and yet another voice was saying " but it's not as though it were a man."

Louise pouted at me. 'Aww, it will make me so wet to see you hold him.' That succeeded in breaking down any resistance the homosexual voice was holding and smiling gently at the young French girl I reached out to feel the horses cock. It's skin was almost leathery, very warm. Amazing life I lead I thought to myself. Louise was studying me intently. 'Well.' she queried. 'Well what.?' I asked. 'How does it feel?' she wanted to know.
'Amazing.' I replied truthfully. Louise clapped her hands gleefully and sidled over to a similar point beneath Neptune and lifted that cock to her face too. She rubbed it all over her face and licked the end of that too. I watched fascinated, a three foot living warm and heavy cock in my hands as the delightfully uninhibitted Louise adminisrtered stimulation via mouth and hand to the three foot cock in hers. Without any warning Neptune started urinating. A great shower of golden piss jetted from the end of its knob splashing against Louises breasts with sufficient force  to deform them. 'Ah oui mon cherie.' Louise moaned and closed her eyes, directing the spray of piss up and down her body but especially between her own legs. Within seconds she was soaked and rivers of piss were running down her body to soak the earth between her legs. 

When the horse finally jetted out his last spurts of steaming liquid Louise looked over at me and smiled so sensuously I nearly came. 'I closed my eyes and dream he is a stallion, and that he is spraying me with his hot seed.' 
I shook my head slightly with nothing but admiration for her written plainly upon my face. She took his head between her lips but I cannot see how it was comfortable for her. He was so thick in comparison that her jaw must have really ached. Slowly she fed inch by inch imbetween her lips until approximately five or six inches of that thick horse meat was inside her mouth. She bobbed her head back and fore and I had to release my horses cock to tend to my own. Louise saw me out of the corner of her eye and stopped what she was doing. 'Don't you dare waste a drop.' She warned me.
'I won't. I promise.' She nodded. She shuffled herself into a kind of crab position and holding herself up with one hand she started to rub that thick cock imbetween her legs. There was a flush to her cheeks and she was breathing heavily. 'Non,' she said. 'It is to hard like this. In the stable I use a bale of hay. Much easier.' I nodded my head, understanding. 'I can see another time.' And she nodded in reply to this.
'Instead I will have to make do with your fat cock, right here beneath our two studs. I was a little nervous about that. What if Hercules got jealous again and decided to stand on me by way of revenge. Still my darling Louise was irresistible and I entered her where she lay. I knew half the time I was fucking her she was holding on to two monster horse cocks aswell as riding my own. It was a surprisingly stimulating thought. Louise was wetter than I'd ever felt her and I felt momentarily jealous for the relationship she had with the bay. She could ride it all day to a hundred orgasms and it would never tire of her the way I would. Louise demanded I come in her mouth again and I began to wonder about this girls fixation with drinking sperm. I asked later and she explained many reasons but she loved the taste and it was full of protein and vitamins she informed me. Apparently fl oz for fl oz there was more protein in it than in milk. Amazing.

We rode back into the nestled group of chalets just before dusk. I was secretly pleased that there was no sign of Lisa upon our return. I wouldn't have to worry about wether Louise could create more mischievous suggestions. I bade Louise goodnight with a long and sensual kiss. She asked if she would see me in the morning as she had missed me this one. I said that she would, and with dusk rapidly falling I decided an early night would do me no harm.

I hadn't been inside the door two seconds when I realised the shower was running next door. Banishing all thoughts of bed I was drawn like a magnet to my little spying hole. Like a moth to the flame I was irresistibly drawn forwards. It was her, the delectable young Lisa. Her tight young breasts every bit as beautiful as I remembered them. I couldn't believe how truly beautiful she was, so young and innocent. Though to accept Louise's judgement a parade of proud penises constantly surged through her imagination, and I was already witness to the fact that she masturbated. It would appear it was a nightly occurrence to as I watched her hand stray between her legs once more. That familiar eyes closed, lips slightly parted look came upon her face and I watched closely the nuance of expressions that played across her visage. There was a variation to tonights routine though for she reached up for the shower head and took it from its hook. This she brought down her body, spraying both her nipples which puckered up even tighter than before, before upending the spray between her parted thighs. The jet of water was spraying straight onto her tight young cunt and I suddenly wished for a worms eye view rather than the birds one I had. Her face was flushed with excitement. The jetting water suddenly brought to mind the picture of Louise and the horses piss spraying her skin, only now I could clearly see Lisa with that horses cock directing the hot piss up and down her body but especially between her legs. Lisa was starting to gasp regularly and with a sudden moan she clamped her thighs upon the shower head and brought her hands to her breasts to touch her aching hard nipples. I watched in mute admiration as this teenage vision from heaven had another orgasm right before my eyes.

Retiring to bed with a mixture of guilt and excitement I cat nappped for an hour. I came awake just before 11 and made myself a sandwich before heading off for a midnight stroll. Isabelle and I shared each others bodies for over an hour that night and when I finally got to bed I was exhausted.

The next morning I came awake to the unmistakeable sensation of a blow-job. It was no dream. Louise had let herself in as usual and was waking me up in her own inimitable fashion. 'I must be quick my handsome lover. Lisa and I are going for a horse ride.' In my imagination I blanched. I resisted making any comment as Louise was filled with sufficient devilment to do whatever I advised she not do. All I said was good luck and have fun, that kind of non-commital thing. Louise was not to be denied a moment for teasing though and as she was leaving me, limp dicked, ten minutes later she turned and said 'I wonder what we will talk about.' She frowned, then smiled as though arriving at an answer. 'Ah oui, probably sex, non?' I just grinned at her whilst inwardly groaning. God only knows what Louise was capable of. 

I  breakfasted on cheese and bread and with a devil may care attitude opened one of the bottles of wine. Some thirty minutes later I heard the horses in the yard and went to the door to give the two young ladies a wave. They were both bareback and I wondered how Louise had managed that. They waved and Lisa shouted 'Good Morning.' She was positively radiant and happy compared to when she was telling me how bored she got all day. The sight of those two young females with legs spread wide across their mounts backs, and muscular firm thighs gripping those heaving chests was almost to much for me. I watched as they receded into the distance both bouncing up and down. Louise's full rounded and Lisa's smaller, but just as perfectly formed, buttocks haunted my imagination for the rest of the morning. I wondered if Hercules had dangled his monstrous weapon in front of Lisa and if any comments had been passed by either girl. That intermingled with my over active imagination caused the morning to pass in a tortuous fashion.

I found out most of what happened later though. Louise could not wait to tell me all about it, and by comments Lisa made as we got to know each other better during the rest of our holiday I could tell there had been little or no exageration on Louise's part. I shall slip into third person narrative to describe the events of that morning to you.

Apparently Hercules had been unsheathed as usual. Louise had just said "Put that away you naughty boy." and Lisa had laughed. 
The two girls rode out chatting about the weather and silly things like that. Conversation was apparently easily come by and they were soon the quite friendly. Lisa had been bored because she found girls her own age childish, boys her own age were positively infantile and as a consequence she felt she had nothing in common with kids her own age at the camp. Possibly due to her mothers death when she was ten Lisa had grown up faster than most and was pretty self reliant. Near the glade where Louise and I had spent such an amazing time yesterday the French girl groaned and leant forward to hug her horses neck.
'Are you alright?' Lisa asked, concern in her voice.
'Ah oui, Lisa, oui.' Louise looked up at the young girl on Neptunes back. 'I just came is all that is the matter.'
'Oh.' Said Lisa, and looked elsewhere embarrassed. Her thoughts probably reeling in confusion.
'Don't you feel it too Lisa.?' Louise pressed on. 'When we ride can you not feel anything between your legs.'
There was a moment of silence before Lisa answered in a slightly strained voice. 'Well yes, I've been trying to ignore it.'
'Ah non, mon cherie. You musn't, relax and savour the feeling it is beautiful. Come I will race you to the top of that hill over there.' Said Louise pointing and kicked Hercules into a gallop.
Lisa had giggled and set her mount in pursuit. When she caught up with Louise her face was flushed and her lips were parted. It was an expression I would have instantly recognised and Louise did not need to be psychic.

'Ah, you came too. Wasn't it beautiful mon cherie?' Lisa agreed happilly that it had been. So now the girls were even closer, having shared an intimate secret. They rode down the other side of the hill to a beach which was totally secluded, being about six kilometres from the resort and consequently even further from Medoc with no roads leading there. The girls removed the horses halters at Louise's bidding and patting the horses rumps induced them into the sea where they galloped and swam. Louise and Lisa swam and laughed and played, splashing each other with water. Louise had given Lisa a hug and the young girl had responded in kind as girls do. Taking Lisa's hand Louise had asked. 'Shall we sunbathe for a while?' Lisa agreed and the two girls had walked hand in hand to a small grassy bank below some rocks. As they walked Louise asked Lisa if she had a boyfriend at home, but no, Lisa didn't. 'Ever had a boyfriend?' Louise continued. 'Yes once but it didn't last very long.' As boys were silly and young men in there early twenties ran a mile when they knew how old she was there had been no more opportunities as yet. 'Oh you poor cherie.' Louise had sympathised and given the girl another hug. The two girls talked about boys and gradually Louise's questions turned more and more to sex. Lisa was relaxed in her company now and answered frankly also asking many questions of her own. 

'So you have never felt a mans cock yet Lisa?' asked Louise.
'Never.' Then giggling added, ' Though many times I've done so in my mind.' And Lousie had laughed. Lisa wanted to know what they really felt like, and when a man came what happened. Louise told her all she wanted to know and probably some more besides. 'They are all different shapes and sizes, soft and hard. Though none as are as big as that.' and Louise pointed at where Neptune was proudly waving his cock around and watching the two girls. Louise had turned to watch the young girls expression as she gazed over at the horse and the heavy swollen cock that hung so obviously and saw nothing in it but curiosity. 
'Come, let's go take a closer look.' And with a giggle had pulled her to her feet and pulled the unprotesting girl in her wake to where Neptune whickered softly at their approach. 'Isn't it big Lisa?' Louise said, again watching Lisa's face. Lisa had just nodded, examining avidly the texture and size of the cock hanging not two feet in front of her. Louise reached out a hand and lifted the weighty penis in her hand. Lisa had gasped but continued watching. 'Touch it Lisa, see how it feels in your hand. It will give you confidence for when you first take hold of a man.'

Lisa gingerly reached out a hand and took hold of Hercules cock beside where Louise was already holding him. She gasped again. 'Its so warm.' She said. 

Thankfully Louise kept her mouth in check and neither horse urinated on her, it would have been a little to much for the slowly blossoming Lisa.
The two girls stroked and fondled the horse for five minutes or so and Louise was sure Lisa was really excited. The tell tale signs being parted lips and breathing slightly erratically, sparkling eyes that seemed somehow out of focus.
'He is beautiful, oui.?' asked Louise. Lisa nodded confirmation. 
'Come let us lie down for a while again.' And they returned to the grassy bank.
'I cannot wait to feel a man properly now.' Lisa confided in Louise. 
'Bon, and so it should be.' Louise hugged Lisa again and gave her a little kiss.
'So there are no men on the camp make you hot cherie?' asked Louise. 
'Not really,' replied Lisa, 'though John seems nice and that Italian man is quite dishy too.'
'Ah yes. John is nice Lisa. Such a good body for a man his age and a nice cock too.'
Lisa nodded, grinning.
'You should see him when he is hard Lisa. It is really quite impressive.' Louise continued.
'You've seen him with an erection.' Gasped Lisa.
'Seen him and felt him, we have made love Lisa.' Louise told the young girl frankly.
Lisa stared at Louise open-mouthed. Louise laughed and said, 'You are lucky he is not here right now, he would soon put his cock into that open mouth.' Lisa blushed and her mouth snapped shut. 'God!' She said.
'..And girls Lisa, do you ever look at girls and wonder if they are as nice as boys?' Lisa looked at Louise, embarrassed again. 'Sometimes.' She said in a small voice.
'Oh do not be ashamed mon cherie. Sex is beautiful and you should never be ashamed of feelings that make you feel good.'
Lisa stayed quiet for a while and then in a rush said, 'I hope my breasts get as big as yours,' and promptly blushed as she glanced at Louise's bustline.
'These Lisa?' and as Lisa looked back around Louise cupped her full breasts pushing them upwards and together. 'Yes, I am proud of these boobs myself.' Lisa was staring now at Louise's breasts just as she had stared before at Hercules's cock, a fact that did not escape the experienced Louise. Louise continued to massage her own breasts in front of the fascinated Lisa and the nipples grew and stiffened before Lisa's eyes. 'That is just the way a mans penis grows.' said Louise. 'Though obviously it is much more apparent.' Louise had emphasised the word "much" and Lisa had laughed.
'Mine are still so small.' Said Lisa with frustration in her voice.
'Ah but they have a beautiful shape Lisa.' And reaching over she traced one finger along the underside of Lisa's left breast. Lisa stiffened momentarily and then relaxed again and gave a little sigh, secretly thrilled at the compliment this beautiful woman with the magnificent breasts had just paid to her own insignificant little things. Lisa's own nipples had hardened too and Louise sensed the barriers were fast dissolving.
'Come around here behind me Lisa.' Said Louise. 'Now give me your hands.' And so saying guided Lisa's small hands to her fulsome breasts. Louise heard Lisa gasp, but she didn't pull away and Louise explained, 'Now close your eyes and imagine they are yours.'
To begin with Lisa's touch was both shy and awkward but her confidence grew quickly and she was soon playing with Louise's breasts as though they were indeed her very own.
'Your nipples are so large.' Lisa said.
'Your nipples are so large mon cherie.' Replied Louise. Lisa thought she meant to add to her imagination but Louise really had been referring to Lisa's own nipples, which had tightened to their extremities and were firmly pressed into Louise's back.
Louise allowed Lisa full control, not wanting to break the spell. The moment Lisa's hands wavered Louise turned round to her and said, 'Come and give me a cuddle.'

Lisa happilly acquiesced to this and the two girls lay together under the warm summer's sun. Their breasts were pressed close as Louise hugged Lisa to her, she casually lifted one thigh across Lisa's own and the two girls seemed almost as one. Louise planted little kisses on Lisa's face, first the tip of her pert nose, then each cheek and finally a slightly more persistant peck on the lips. Lisa's eyes opened and she studied Louise closely. After a moment she said. 'I can't believe this is happening.'
Then with a little giggle she repeated Louise's own motions to a "T" even down to the slightly more lingering kiss on the lips. Then she leaned back to watch for Louise's reaction. Louise just flashed her brilliant smile, which would have put even Gary Oldman at ease five minutes before his execution.
Pulling Lisa closer Louise kissed her again on the lips. This time however she left her mouth where it was and her lips parted slightly. Lisa was only a moment behind her in parting her own lips and pretty soon the two girls were quite seriously kissing each other, tongues mingling and lips getting ever so slightly crushed occassionally.

Louise began to massage the contours of Lisa's slim back, and, once again Lisa followed suit and repeated the same movements upon Louise. After a few minutes of this kissing and stroking Louise's left hand fell to Lisa's buttock and gave a little squeeze. She felt Lisa momentarily stiffen again but it soon passed and Lisa gave a little 'Oooh,' sound in her mouth as she grinned at Louise. A second later Louise felt Lisa's hand on her own buttock but it was squeezed twice. 
'Oh-hoh, you liked that bit did you?' Louise enquired, and Lisa answered with a deliciously wicked giggle. Louise realised the inhibitions had gone and slipped her thigh between Lisa's own,  she pressed upwards, clenching her thigh muscle as she did so. There was no stiffening of the young Lisa's body this time, she moaned out loud and went limp in Louise's arms, totally abandoning herself to the sensations that Louise had just created between her legs. 

Louise repeated the process with varying degrees of pressure, minutely studying Lisa's reactions to best understand the young girls feelings. When she felt her thigh growing quite damp with Lisa's responses to the stimulation Louise took the bull by the horns and replaced her thigh with her mouth. Lisa sat bolt upright with a loud gasp, then just as suddenly moaned and fell back down into a suppine position as though helpless before Louise's tender administrations. There was absolutely no resistance from Lisa as Louise, with a hand gently placed upon each thigh, spread the young girls legs wide apart. Lisa felt a tongue circling her clitoris and there was a series of what felt like electric shocks in her nipples, elbows and knees. She groaned. Louise deftly ran her tongue down the length of Lisa's groove and on the return trip upwards stopped most definitely on Lisa's clitoris and sucked gently. Lisa's body jerked and her hands flew down instinctively to her groin. There they met, of course, Louises head of hair and without thinking Lisa buried her hands in that hair and held on for her dear young life. She lifted her groin almost greedily to meet Louise's mouth and they stayed that way for some time. Up and down the two bodies moved sometimes in unison, sometimes seemingly at odds, until, with a little cry of what seemed mingled pleasure and pain, Lisa had her first orgasm at somebody elses direction.

'Oh God,' she cried, 'that was fantastic.' Louise smiled at the flushed girl and rose up to a kneeling position between Lisa's spread-eagled legs. 
'Come here.' she beckoned Lisa into her arms and the young girl quickly complied. With her legs now draped around Louise's waist the two girls hugged and kissed. Lisa started crying but assured Louise it was tears of hapiness. Louise smiled and gently collected one of Lisa's tears with her tongue.
'Am I a lesbian then Louise?.' Lisa asked after an indeterminable time. 
'Non, mon cherie.' Replied Louise with a shocked expression. 'You are just a little more like me now and will find your pleasures with both sexes. It is good.' Lisa nodded, smiling dreamily. 'We will find a nice firm cock for you to play with before you go home, how would that be?.' Asked Louise. Lisa had nodded happilly to this suggestion and given Louise a big hug. It was then Lisa asked, I am told, 'Will it be John?'

I looked at Louise in astonishment. I could no longer tell if anything she was telling me was the truth. It all seemed so astonishing. 'So how did you reply to this startling question?' I queried. 
'Non, it was not so startling.' Louise explained. 'After all she had already named you as one of only two men who interested her and she knew we had made love too. I told her if she was happy with John, then John it would be.' 
'So tomorrow we all go for a picnic with the horses. Lisa has agreed to ride double with me.' Louise informed me with a gleam in her eye.
I fainted. Well, I didn't; but I could easily have done. 'Louise. I cannot. She is too young as you yourself said.'
'Pah.' Answered Louise. 'She is ready, there is no doubt. I was younger than her when I lost my virginity.'
'Not with a man in his thirties you didn't.' I argued.
'What difference does age make?.' Louise asked genuinely astonished. 'It is the feelings of the two people concerned that matters. You think she is beautiful. She wants to be fucked. It is simple, non?.'
Louise had a way of making it sound simple but I wasn't convinced. 'Did you find out how old she actually is?. I asked her.
'Oui, she is fourteen.' I threw my hand to my head. 'But she will be fifteen in two months time John.'
'15 John.' She repeated for me in case I had gone deaf.
I could see her in the shower, thanks to Louise's descriptions I could see her on the beach with Louise. Worst of all I could see her with her little hand wrapped around my cock and her tight little pussy inches from my mouth. It was a bad vision to have and I felt my last resistances crumbling. 
'So a picnic it is.' I  said, more glumly than I really felt I suspect.
Louise clapped her hands once in obvious glee. 'Wonderful. It will be beautiful John. Just you wait and see. She is quite uninhibitted once she relaxes, tastes so sweet and seems to be a very fast learner.'
Louise bent her head into my lap, saying as she descended, 'Though I doubt she will be able to do this for a while.' And promptly proceeded to deep-throat me to yet another orgasm.

In the farm shop I saw Isabelle who informed me she would not be swimming that night. I made out I was miserable about that but secretly the reverse was true. I needed a rest. Isabelle chided me gently and told me there were other nights that lay ahead. I allowed that to cheer me up. I dined in town again and upon my return finished my wine as I read the final third of Dostievsky's "Crime and Punishment." It was an appalling choice seeing as I was potentially, knowingly, about to break the Law. English law anyway, I didn't know about French law and as Mikhael Fyodor's character has guilt trips that almost send him insane I felt quite unhappy when I closed the book. I replaced the shower vent. I would not be using that again. I fell into a troubled sleep. Large men in bearskin coats watched my every move, and though Lisa and I did no more than kiss each other in my dreams, the threat of a Siberian Gulag was always over my shoulder. I awoke early with a dry palatte. Spent a good half hour in the shower before settling down with a new book to breakfast. It was a more lighthearted read connected with mythology. Louise made an appearance just before ten. After our usual good mornings and exchange of compliments she informed me. 'No time for fun this morning John. Picnic to prepare. Let the girls organise that and we will collect you about 11:30.'

I agreed to all she told me asking only if I should bring the wine I had bought. 'Oui, why not.', and I was left to my own devices for the next hour and a half. The time seemed to drag by and I could not concentrate on my reading whatsoever. Yet as the allotted hour approached and I heard the horses outside I realised that the time had simply vanished. I grabbed the wine and a corkscrew which I'd wrapped in a tea-towel and went out to meet them. 
'Morning Ladies.' 
Louise said Bon jour and Lisa presented me with one of her shy smiles. Both girls were mounted bareback on Hercules. Neptune was saddled and awaiting me. Just then a voice shouted across the courtyard.
'Lisa? Where are you off to?' It was clearly Lisa's father.
'For a picnic.' She shouted back.
'And a swim.' Louise added with a wave to the man.
I busied myself slipping the wine into one of the panniers which clearly contained the days picnic.
'Don't make a nuisance of yourself then.' He called over.
I heard Lisa tut in embarrassment but Louise called back. 'She won't be Mr Goldsworthy.'
He nodded in my direction as I made to mount the horse and I gave a quick wave by way of reply. I felt terrible. He was only a few years older than myself.
'Where shall we go Lisa?' asked Louise, 'to our little beach.'
'Ok.' Lisa smiled.

We walked the horses out of the cluster of chalets and up the gently sloping pasture towards the trees. Talk was of the usual, 'isn't it a glorious day,' 'yes,' variety.  I believe it was only Louise who was truly relaxed about everything. She had told me that Lisa was unaware I knew anything at all, and everything was to happen as though by accident and not design. I was trying to avoid looking at either of them as much as humanly possible, for naked and sat one in front of the other they made a very arresting sight. I fell behind a little but that proved a mistake as I had a totally new perspective of Lisa's pergfect bum, sat fairly high on Hercules back. I pulled ahead half a horse length instead. That was much better. It was not long before they came abreast again though and we rode along together like that for the next half hour. As my glances towards the girls became more frequent due to increased conversation I had the opportunity to study them closer. Both girls started to exhibit traces of perspiration on there brows and when I noticed a few minutes later that Lisa's lips were slightly parted I knew all Louise had told me was true. 

Knowing the two girls were riding along in an almost constant state of sexual arousal served only to increase my own. I felt myself lengthening and thickening and cursed myself for having no control. I started doing mathematic equations in my head and that halted the expansion somewhat. Louise, of course, noticed what had happened to me and made damn sure Lisa did too.
'Oh look Lisa. John must be thinking about something naughty.'
When someone tells you to look your general response is to do exactly as requested. Lisa was no exception and she turned and looked straight into my groin. She promptly blushed and looked away and I could tell from the little jump Louise gave that she had just received a dig in the ribs for her troubles. Louise just laughed happily. 'It gets much bigger than that Lisa.'
'Louise, stop teasing Lisa.' I chided, then went on. 'I apologise Lisa, I think its just the sunshine, it has a mind of its own.' To her credit Lisa turned back to me and said. 'Its ok.' But as she turned away again to look at the back of Louise's head her eyes momentarily flicked down to my groin again.


Louise whispered over her shoulder to Lisa, certainly loud enough for me to hear but wether intentionally so I have no idea. 'I am almost there Lisa, are you?' Lisa caught on before I did and whispered 'Yes.' Back to Louise.
'Right lets go.' Louise yelled and kicked the horse hard in the ribs. Lisa had to grab onto Louise around the waist to hold on and suddenly I clicked. They were both riding off for an orgasm. I shook my head in wonder as I picked up a little pace on Neptune. By the time I caught the girls up they were both looking decidedly flushed and breathless from giggling with each other.
'Did I miss something?' I enquired playing it dumb.
'Girl thing John. Isn't it Lisa.' Lisa nodded mutely and then burst into laughter. It was a very happy sound that filled the woods around us. I smiled and kicked Neptune on pretending I didn't care wether I knew or not. The girls came alongside and Louise said 'Over there John.' I looked to where she was pointing and saw the vaguest hint of a trail leading to the left. We turned in and followed it to its conclusion which was of course the beach. The horses were stripped and set free whereupon they promtly ran off into the sea. Louise set up a large blanket on the sand next to the grassy bank where I assumed yesterdays events had taken place and Lisa, playing her part, laid the panniers in the shade beneath a large rock.

'Swim anyone?' I asked. 'You bet.' Replied Louise and holding her hand out to Lisa said 'C'mon Lisa.' Lisa took the offered hand and Louise grabbed mine with her other. The three of us ran into the sea in a line, hand in hand, with Louise in the middle. It was for all the world like a replay of yesterdays events except that I was now present as a third member. We swam and waded and started to splash each other with our hands. Lisa caught me with a good one and when I went to splash her back Louise tackled me from behind, around my waist, shouting as she did so. 'Girls against boys.'
'Hey, not fair there are two of you.' I laughed as off balance I fell forwards into the sea. Lisa screamed in glee shouting, 'Yeah,' and leapt to Louise's aid in holding me down. They were going to drown me!. I struggled upwards but wet as they were it was hard to keep a hold of anything for long. I suddenly got the worm's eye view of Lisa's pussy that I'd so desired before it was gone again in a flash. I managed to grab someones ankle long enough to stand up with it in my hand. Lisa flew backwards into the waves with a yell and I turned my attentions to Louise. With Lisa momentarily out of the way she proved less of a challenge and I manage to upend her backwards into the water as well. 

Making a pretense of trying to hold her under my hand slipped between her legs, accidentally. She clamped her thighs shut though and I couldn't get the damn thing back. Just then Lisa landed on my back with another yell, grasping me around the neck with her arms and her legs flew around my waist and crossed themselves upon my stomach. Louise came up spluttering for breath. 'Way to go Lisa.' Louise yipped with glee.
I shook Lisa around but I wasn't dislodging her that easy. The longer she was on my back though the more aware of her as a female I became. I could feel her pubes rubbing against the small of my back. Her breasts pressed tight against my shoulderblades, the firm little nipples very apparent as I shook her to and fro. From her arms came the scent of a woman and one of her heels was basically resting in my groin. Louise had been pushing me backwards with little shoves in my chest and saw what happened almost before I was aware of it happening myself. My cock went from slightly swollen to rock hard in about four or five seconds. 
'Wow' remarked Louise.
'What?' Lisa queried.
'Uh oh.' I said.
'Oh dear Lisa, look what you've done.' Louise told her while staring into my groin.
I felt Lisa lift herself further up my back and she peered over my shoulder. 'Oops.' she said and relinquished her grip around my neck to slide off me.
'Look I told you before, just ignore it, he has a mind of his own.' I held my hands up surrender style. 'Come on. We were having to much fun to stop, weren't we?' I asked.

Louise immediately threw a handful of water in my face and shouting launched herself into the fray once more. Following Louise's lead with a whoop of her own Lisa came back at me too. Down under the waves I went again. For the next five minutes or so we wrestled in the shallows, apparently taking it in turns to go under. Play fighting like that you cannot really see what is going where and various parts of both Louise's and Lisa's anatomy frequently brushed against my erection. There was absolutely no way he was going back to sleep just yet. We ended up in a heap at the shoreline with both girls pretty much on top of me, all almost helpless with laughter. I could not ignore the fact Lisa's arm was resting across my lower stomach and the head of my cock was touching her arm. As Louise sat up she noticed this fact almost immediately. True to form she took up the initiative.
'Well Lisa what do you think now? Nowhere near the size of Hercules eh?' and so saying she lifted me up into the air. Lisa looked down and went ever so slightly pink but she didn't take her eyes from Louise's hand upon my cock.

'Just as warm, certainly harder. Much smoother of texture. Feel it.' Louise knew Lisa a lot better than I did but that still caught me by surprise. It appeared Lisa was game to follow any lead Louise presented to her. She glanced at me and there was no embarrasment left. Perhaps a little nervous she gave me her shy smile again. I smiled back trying to put her at ease. She turned her attention back to Louise and reached over to touch my penis. It seemed to happen in slow motion, first a fingertip and then lightly held between two fingers and finally her whole hand wrapped around my girth. We were both watching Lisa's expression and it was easily seen she was proud of herself.
'Nice?' Louise asked her. Lisa nodded. Louise took her hand away and left Lisa's there alone. She ran her hand down along its length to my balls and then back up. I was in seventh heaven. Her hand was really small, in proportion with the rest of her of course, and she could quite easily have held me with both hands.
'Excellent.' Louise clapped. 'Lisa has held her first cock.' Lisa went pink and let go. She glanced at me and I smiled. 'That was nice Lisa' I reassured her. Lisa smiled again, more genuinely this time. Louise patted Lisa on the back and then kissed her. It wasn't a peck it was a kiss, and Lisa responded in kind. 
'Shall we eat?' Louise asked, and the mood broke. We all arose and returned to where the blanket had been lain. In due course my erection subsided and as the girls got out various items of food I thought on how Louise was controlling this, directing it like a stage producer watching the events they desire to happen in the correct sequence. I got the impression the end of Act One had just been reached.

There were hard-boiled eggs, pate, cheeses and fresh baked bread. The wine was uncorked but having no glasses the bottle was passed from hand to hand and little mouthfuls were taken to wash down bits of food. Replete and basking in the sun we lay shoulder to shoulder across the blanket. I didn't know if it was more of Louise's engineering but Lisa was between us now. I wondered if she was as concious of my presence as I was of hers. After a few minutes of sporadic conversation Louise sat up and stretched. 'Mmm,' she anounced, 'a combination of good food, sunshine, a little wine and the best of company has made me feel really horny.' She bent down to Lisa and kissed her full on the mouth. Lisa responded eagerly and for the first time I got an inkling of what Louise had meant when she had said "she is ready". I suddenly saw Lisa not as an almost fifteen year old girl but a very young woman delighting in her first sexual experiences.

I watched with interest as I saw Lisa's nipples harden, her body responding to the stimuli that was Louise. The two girls got closer and more daring as the minutes of time unfolded before me. Eventually I could not resist the temptation to assist and started by stroking Louise's buttocks as she was burying her tongue inside the delectable young Lisa. Tongues changed position as did writhing bodies until eventually I found myself slipping a long index finger inside Lisa. To say she was wet would be an understatement. The fact that she moaned loudly as I did so caused my cock to be the first in history to suffer a whiplash injury as it stood to attention. Even now I cannot adequately describe how that first finger penetration of Lisa felt. She was so hot, so wet and so tight I am sure nothing before or since has ever come close to comparing.

I remembered the sight of Lisa in the shower tasting her own finger and without a second thought I brought my finger up to her lips. She opened her mouth wider to accept it and sucked lightly. Her teeth closed on it gently, as though prohibitting escape. She moaned and sucked harder. 
'You like the taste of yourself, Lisa?' she nodded her head slightly in reply to my question.
'Then what say you and I taste Louise and see if she is similar.?' The idea obviously appealed for Lisa let go my finger straight away and began to sit up.
'Ooh.' Said Louise. 'It is my birthday I think.' And giggling she took Lisa's place with her legs wide apart. Lisa didn't hesitate to move into a position which afforded her access to Louise's mound. However that left no room for me so I suggested to Louise she lay on her side. With the minimum of maneuvering she and Lisa adjusted position accordingly and I joined the action from the rear. 

I often caught Lisa's eyes watching me caressing Louise, wether to get a better idea for herself or merely because she got pleasure from watching I have no idea.
Whenever our eyes met though I would give her a little wink or smile as sign of encouragement. Not that I believe she needed encouragement for she seemed to be having the time of her life and Louise's moans and gasps could have only confirmed we were both doing a sterling job. Our tongues touched and her eyes popped open. I smiled again and stuck my tongue further out, chasing hers. She giggled and we started to do a sort of tounge dance around Louise's lips. It was apparently more than Louise could bear for she started coming, her body going through the little series of shudders I was becoming so familiar with. Lisa realised what was happening too and contrived to get further imbetween Louise's thighs so she could slip her tongue into the French girls groove. This girl, young though she might be, was a complete natural. Taking my lead from Lisa in this instance I promptly tongued Louise's anus and we were rewarded with a mouthful of French obsenities intermingled with wails and gasps.

Lisa sat up looking very proud, as probably did I, but my feelings of pride were all for Lisa. When Louise regained her breath and composure she interupted Lisa and I from our necking session where we were both delighting in the experience of tasting Louise on each others tongues. 
'Lisa,' she said, 'I think it is time we both pampered John a little, don't you?' Lisa nodded quickly and I was told to lie down. Louise told Lisa 'We will find out how a man tastes now.'
She placed Lisa's small hand at the root of my cock  and her own just above it. Then she bent her head down into my groin and started circling my knob with her tongue. Past Louise's head I could see Lisa watching avidly with a sparkle in her eye. When Louise raised her head Lisa needed no prompting and took her place straight away. I had to bite my lip to prevent myself from moaning. Lisa's mouth was so different to Louise's; uneducated, hesitant, unsure and fucking beautiful.
'Oh God, yes Lisa, that is so good.' Louise smiled at me thinking I was just offering the girl encouragement but I mostly meant exactly what I'd said.

Louise's hand quietly slipped away leaving only Lisa to manipulate and caress my erection. Louise looked at me and beamed a smile. She was as thrilled and proud as I was. Lisa's movements were totally unco-ordinated, sometimes her hand tried to wank me and sometimes her mouth bobbed wetly up and down  on me. The sheer act of directing one action seemed to make her lose control over the other. For me it was doubly exciting as I hardly new what to expect next. 
Louise kept an eye on proceedings and occassionally dipped her own head in to assist the proceedings. When Louise realised I was getting fairly close to orgasm she started to really encourage Lisa in her efforts. 
'Yes Lisa.' She would say 'Make him come girl.', and sure enough Lisa's efforts would intensify. This went on for a minute or two more as Louise laid her head on my chest looking down into my groin. Lisa's mouth had just closed wetly over my knob-end again as I felt the first tingle in my balls and the first spasm of hot sperm jetted its way along my cock towards the exit. Straight into the virgin Lisa's mouth. She jerked like she'd been slapped. I knew it wasn't fair, I should have warned her; at times even the most disciplined lose control. Lisa's head left the end of my  cock as though it was red hot. Her hand never let go though and the young girl, unknowingly, directed the rest of my spurting fluids straight into Louise's face. Louise immediately started to moan like her fantasy stallion had appeared on the scene and told Lisa how beautiful it all felt. 

Lisa had fantastic powers of recovery from shock. For although she had just received half a mouthful of unexpected hot spunk she watched in fascination as my cock continued to expend its fluids over the beautiful Louise. 
'Ah fuck Lisa, that is so good.' Moaned Louise, sticking out her tongue to catch as much as she could. Lisa's face was a picture. The spectrum of emotions that must be running through her mind I could only begin to guess at. First she had an unasked for globule of semen in her mouth, then there was the visual aspect of watching jet after jet of thick milky fluid leave the swollen throbbing cock in her hand, and finally, all that fluid landing in the pretty Louise's face who was trying to drink as much of it as she could.

'Lisa kiss me.' demanded Louise, bringing her own face up to meet Lisa's. Lisa was clearly hesitant but Louise's exuberance would have been hard to ignore. 
'Lisa you must taste it, it is beautiful.' She continued offering her face and tongue to the clearly unsure but willing Lisa. I suspect that it was Louise's enthusiasm that created the desire within Lisa to taste more of the spent fluids. I imagine there are not many who enjoy the taste at the first time of asking. For surely it is an acquired taste. But taste it she did, her tongue flicking out to meet Louise's, at first hesitantly but growing in confidence until both girls made sure Louise's face was almost clean. 
From my point of view it was without doubt the most erotic sight I had ever seen. So much so that for once in my life my erection never subsided after an orgasm.

'Oh look Lisa, the monster is still hard. What can we do with it now?' Louise asked Lisa in that little girl voice she first used with me in the shower that day.
Lisa laughed and it was a wicked sound. 'Fuck it?' she queried, her eyes twinkling like a thousand stars.
"Oh GOD, yes!!." I prayed
'Lisa, you are such a naughty girl.' Chided Louise, laughing with the girl turning woman. 'Who should go first?.' Louise asked her.
'You.' Lisa said quickly, and true to form Lisa stayed in the role of 'follow my leader'.

Once more it was watching the expressions on Lisa's face that so added to my experience as Louise slowly lowered her glistening pussy lips down onto the head of my swollen knob. Lisa was a study in astonishment, excitement and anticipaation. She actually wet her lips with her tongue as my shaft must have completely disappeared from her gaze.
'Come my sexy Lisa, kiss Louise whilst she fucks.' Moaned Louise in her most passionate voice. Lisa was quick to comply and I marvelled at the young girls  appettite and willingness.

Time seemed to become meaningless. Louise slid up and down on my rigid cock and Lisa took turns kissing her, kissing me, kissing us both simultaneously. Another first for me. Here was I thirty-eight experiencing my first three way french kiss and here was Lisa, fourteen and doing the same.
With my first orgasm so recent my cock was doing a marvelous job of  playing down current stimuli and Louise rode herself into another orgasm by getting Lisa to stand in front of her so she could tongue the young girls pussy as she came. Looking up at the tight pert bum of the young Lisa was rather more than I could bear without touching. So up I sat into a position where I could do to Lisa's bum what Louise was doing to her cunt. Lisa's moans and groans intensified and in doing so merely spurred her carressers on to greater efforts.

The time came when Lisa now positioned herself above me. Her expression was almost unreadable, so many emotions played across her face. Louise held my cock and assisted in the penetration. Lisa groaned, moaned and whimpered as she lowered herself on to me. I groaned , moaned and whimpered with her as I discovered her tight pussy was every bit as hot, wet and slippery as my finger remembered it was. I found myself doing higher maths again as my cock sensed this was different and was rapidly heading for explosion time.
Sweat stood out on Lisa's furrowed brow, her lips were parted. Louise constantly spoke dirty suggestions to Lisa. 'That's it Lisa, ride that cock, master it and make it come again.' She would say.

When Louise dropped her head to my stomach and started to lap at Lisa's mound on the upstroke I knew I could not hold back much longer. Fortunately Lisa arrived at the same conclusion and came with an anguished scream, swearing 'Fuck' as she did. I joined in with a grunt and this sexy nubile fourteen year old and I came together upon the tip of Louise's tongue.

The three of us lay for quite some time in a tangled mass of limbs. Sweat stood out on all our bodies and the scent of the aftermath of sex intermingled with a pleasant sea breeze lay heavy all around us.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

No-one could ever take those memories away from me and many a lonely evening was spent reliving them. I met Lisa two years later at the same resort. Louise was there still and the three of us were virtually unseperable for the three weeks she stayed. Lisa had advanced way beyond other girls her age and was a positive nymphomaniac and highly skilled in matters sexual. The highlight of that holiday was when Lisa and Louise smothered themselves in baby oil and entered a race to see who could make their horse come first. Louise won, by a nose, and I got to watch the two ladies licking each other clean before they fell greedily upon my own woefully inadequate cock, by comparison, but that's another story.

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....