Shopping for a Lover

	We had decided to go shopping at the mall. While we were driving
there I told Arlene that I wanted her to shop for something very specific.
Something that we both would like. She was to shop for a female lover. You
see, Arlene has had a bi-sexual experience and she enjoyed it, and even
though it was over 10 years ago, she would like a repeat of the
experience.
	On the way I told her she was to look for a woman she would like
to make love with, and when she had picked one out, she was to tell me. I
planned on having us follow the lady, while telling Arlene how and what I
would love to see them do to each other. I could tell this was exciting
here.
	We finally go to the mall and parked. Once we were inside, Arlene
wanted to go to certain stores, and particular areas in those stores. She
told me the "shopping" would be better there. We went to the lingerie
departments of the larger stores and we spent quite a bit of time in
Victoria's Secret. There were several prospects but none that were really
getting Arlene's eye.
	None until she spotted a lady shopping in a women's dress store.
She went inside and motioned for me to come to her. When I got next to
her, she told me to look at a lady and tell her what I thought. Before I
looked at her, I asked Arlene what she thought. She told me this woman
really caught her attention. When I turned and looked I was a bit
surprised at the beauty of this older woman. She was about 38-40 years
old. Her hair was short and dark, chestnut brown. She was tall, about
5'10", and she was extremely distinguished looking. She carried herself
with an air of dignity. In short she looked hot.
	Arlene told me she was really starting to get excited by watching
this woman. When the lady left the store, Arlene about dragged me to
follow. She wanted to keep watching this lady. The lady was a pleasure to
walk behind. Her gray skirt hugged a wonderfully shaped bottom, and
revealed legs as shapely as any 18 year olds. Our pursuit took us back to
Victoria's Secret. The sales girl greeted us with a "back again" hello.
The lady took notice.
	I told Arlene she was to get next to the lady, close enough to
smell. I told her to "accidentally" brush into her, and say "excuse me"
while looking right into her eyes. Arlene was very excited and extremely
nervous. She departed my side to follow her imaginary lover. I stayed in
the front section looking at robes. The two ladies went to the bra and
panties. When I lost sight I went to the perfume, lotion and soap section.
From there I could see Arlene maneuvering closer to this lady. Arlene
picked up a bra to look at (it just happened to be the same bra she was
wearing) and the lady bumped into her. Arlene did as I requested and said
she was sorry while looking at this beautiful ladies eyes.
	It looked like a cat and mouse game in there. Although there must
have been 4 or 5 people in there with them at all times, I could only see
them. No one else mattered. The lady in question got help matching a
garter belt with the bra and panty set she picked out. She then went into
a dressing room. I went up to Arlene and told her to give her friend some
time and then walk in on her. I knew the door would be locked, but I
wanted to heighten the sexual tension that was building like crazy inside
Arlene even higher. The way the store had the dressing rooms, you could
see from about mid-calf down to the feet. Arlene waited until she thought
the lady was putting on the garter. Then she went over to the door. She
tried it and it opened.
	She was looking at this lady, eye to eye. The lady was dressed in
the bra, panties, the garter, and her heels. She told Arlene to come in
and shut the door behind her. Arlene did as she was told. She did not know
why, she just knew that she did. The lady took control right away. She
asked if that was a husband or boyfriend with Arlene.
	"Husband" Arlene responded.
	"Why are you following me? she asked.
	After a long pause Arlene told her it was a "game" they were
playing. This was not enough for the lady. "What kind of game?" she
demanded.
	"Is it sexual?" she further asked.
	"Yes" was all Arlene could say. She kept looking at this woman.
She was beautiful. Her body was extremely fit. Her skin was smooth and
silky looking, and her dark green eyes kept penetrating Arlene's mind.
	"Who wants me, you or him?" she asked.
	"Me, please" was the reply.
	"Pull up your skirt and let me see what kind of things you wear.
If I like them then maybe we can play, if not then you get out of here
now." Arlene did as she was told. She raised her skirt and showed the lady
a lacy white pair of VS panties. "Nice panties, why are they wet in the
front?"
	Arlene could feel herself getting excited, but she had no idea she
was that excited. She had never done anything even remotely related to
this. Her behavior was totally out of her everyday norm, but she had a
strange sense of comfort. She was excited, her heart was pounding, her
palms were sweaty, she was frightened of this new situation, but she could
not keep her eyes off of this beautiful lady.
	"Excited, I quess." was the only reply her dry throat could
produce. She was excited beyond belief.
	Meanwhile, outside the dressing room, all I could see was my wife
slowly enter the dressing room, and the door close. I could see their
legs, one set on either side of the larger-than-usual dressing room. I
watched as my wife's skirt was lifted out of view. Now one set of bare
legs stood facing another set of bare legs, both still wearing shoes. I
had no idea of what was going on, except that we had never done, or dreamt
about this before.
	"Let me see you touch yourself" the lady requested.
	Arlene let her right hand drop to her panties, while her left hand
held the skirt up. She was amazed when her finger tips reached her pussy.
Her panties were wet, and she could feel the heat of her sex. She had
experienced this type of total excitement only a few times before, and
each time with Bill. Never did she think a woman could do this to her. She
was intrigued by the thought of making love with another woman, and while
it did excite her immensely to think about it, it never got her this hot
before.
	"Move your panties aside and put two fingers inside yourself" was
the next request. Arlene did as she was told and again she was surprised.
Surprised of how wet she was and how inviting her pussy was to two
fingers. Whenever she masturbated, either alone or for Bill, she always
needed to start with one finger and then move to two. Now, however, two
fingers slid inside her with ease and she felt like she could put another
in without any problem.
	"Move them around, finger fuck yourself a little, and when they
are really coated with you juice, take them out and lick just one. I want
you to save the other one for your husband. Now listen to me and listen
carefully. I would like you and your husband to join me in my car for some
fun. I am into something a little kinky, so if you don't want to do it, he
will never know. If you don't want to do it then don't follow me anymore.
If you do want to have fun, then follow me to my car. But remember this,
you both must do everything I say."
	Arlene's heart was pounding, she was still fingering herself and
nearing orgasm. She listened intently to every word. The only thing that
scared her was this lady using the word kinky. "What do you mean when you
say you are a little kinky?" Arlene asked.
	"I greatly enjoy spanking other woman's bottoms. Turn around and
let me see your bottom while you lick one finger clean." Arlene turns, she
puts one finger in her mouth, she loves to taste herself, but must always
be told to do so. She raises her skirt in the back to fully expose her
panty clad bottom. "Yes, you have a wonderfully spankable bottom. Does
your husband ever spank you?"
	"Yes, he enjoys spanking me and I like it too. How hard do you
spank?" Arlene asked.
	"There is only one way to find out. Now lower your skirt and go
out there, put your finger in his mouth, let him suck your pussy juice off
and them tell him, or don't. Go now" she demanded.
	The door opened and Arlene came out. There were little bead of
sweat on her forehead. She came up to me and put her finger into my mouth.
This seemed more than a little strange since we were in a store. She told
me in short breaths what happened. She asked if we could follow the lady.
I asked her if she really wanted to do it. "Yes, very much so, Bill."
	The lady came out of the dressing room and went to the counter to
buy the ensemble. When she left, we slowly followed her. We let her get
about 20 yards in front of us. We spoke quietly back and forth, Arlene
wanted to make sure the "safe" word would work. I assured her that if she
spoke it, I would get us out of the situation immediately. "She has a
really nice body, Bill. What do you think of her bottom?" Arlene asked. I
replied "she has a great looking ass."
	We followed her outside, it was chilly, we all walked briskly to
her car. When we got there, she used her remote to unlock the doors. It
was a large car, like a Lincoln, Town Car or a Caddie. She stopped at the
back left door and turned to us. She told me to get in the front seat and
for Arlene to get in the back seat. After Arlene got in, she followed her.
She gave me the keys and told me to start the car and the heat would come
on automatically. I knew the heat would come on even if the car was not
started. I was already excited and warm. But still, I did as directed. We
were parked next to an embankment made of concrete. On either side another
car was parked. The area was dimly lit by the parking lights. The tinting
on the side and back windows made it darker and harder to see inside.
	She removed her coat and placed in on the back ledge. She told
Arlene that she was naughty following her around, that she could have
scared her. "You need to be punished for your behavior, so undress now,
completely," she said. As Arlene stripped naked, I was amazed by this
woman's powers. She was extremely calm, yet her voice, although soft and
sure, was equally firm and demanding. She turned to me and said that I and
my wife were to do exactly as told or we must get out of her car
immediately. I agreed; Arlene had already agreed by the simple act of
following her from the store.
	My mind kept repeating the word "punished" over and over again, as
Arlene got undressed. Arlene and I have been into spankings for about 5
years now. She really enjoys getting them and I love giving them. There
has been many a time when I just ask her if I may spank her bottom. She
almost always agrees. At times we role play the bad girl getting into
trouble (as was happening now) or Arlene keeps teasing me until I threaten
a spanking. Once the threat is made, if she keeps up the teasing, I know
she want a spanking.
	"What I have here is my spanking glove," she said as she pulled
out a red glove from her coat. "It is bright red for a reason. I intend to
spank your bottom until its color matches the glove. Once that is
accomplished, I will use the untapped finger on your bottom. Do you
understand?
	Arlene had just removed her blouse. All that remained were her bra
and panties. Even with the bra in place and the dim light I could tell her
nipples were already hard. She was excited. As she removed her last bit of
clothing, her lady friend told her to lean forward over the front seat and
to keep her knees on the back seat. Once that was accomplished both the
lady and I gazed at her body. Arlene has long legs, and they were
wonderfully displayed, as was her very spankable bottom. It was raised and
stretched and placed in a wonderful position to be "warmed." Her breasts
were over the seat where I could have access to them. Her face was filled
with excitement and wonder. Wonder of what was about to unfold.
	"Are you ready for the spanking? Before you answer, I intend to
spank you until I want to stop. Not until you have think you've had enough
or your husband. If you want me to stop before I want to stop, just say
the word "Please" and I will. But, if you use the safe word, you both will
be leaving immediately. Do you understand?"
	"I understand, and I am ready." Arlene replied. There was no
pleading for mercy, no asking for a light touch, no request for a certain
number of spanks, just a reply of "ready." Arlene has been spanked many
times by me and only once has she used the "safe" word. She can really
take a spanking well, but I know that I don't spank her as hard or long as
I really want to, or as hard or long as we have seen in movies.
	The first swat rang out unexpectantly. She had begun before either
of us knew it. The lady kept a slow, steady pace of spanks raining down on
Arlene's bottom. SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK. The pace neither slowed or
increased. It was like clockwork. I could tell by Arlene's face that she
was getting a good spanking, one that was stimulating her bottom and her
pussy. SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK. I looked back at the lady. She was like
an artist studying the clay to see what alteration would be made next. I
watched her leather gloved hand swat my wife's lovely bottom. It would
spank the same place twice and then move on to another area. In what
seemed like a machine like precision, her bottom was being spanked fully,
not an area was to go untouched. SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK.
	"Oh yes, you bottom is liking what I am doing to it. Let me see
what your pussy thinks." she said as she reached her left hand under
Arlene and felt a very wet and inviting pussy. "I think that your whole
body likes this. Please pinch her nipples and make sure they are very
hard. You should pinch them hard enough to make her moan or scream in
pleasure or pain, I don't care which." I reached for Arlene's left nipple,
it was hard as a rock but I pinched it just the same. She let out a little
yelp, then I did the same to her right nipple. "Very good pinching, she
seems to like a little pain. Her bottom is almost done, then time for
something else."
	About twenty more spanks were administered to Arlene's bottom
before it was time for something else. When the lady finally stopped she
slid one finger into Arlene's pussy. She kept it there getting it well
coated and making my wife moan even more. Her bottom was being lightly
rubbed by the lady as she told us what was to happen next.
	"Take you cock out and let her suck on it. Keep it in her mouth
until you cum. I am going to play in her bottom with my finger. I will
stop once you shoot your cum down her throat." With that she took her
finger out of Arlene's pussy and gently but firmly put it into her bottom.
Arlene was sucking on my cock until her rear passage was invaded. We have
had anal sex only 3 or 4 times in the past 5 years. I watched the lady's
hand start moving back and forth, slowly fucking my wife's ass with her
finger. After a few moments, Arlene continued to suck on my cock. I fought
the urge to have an orgasm as best I could, but watching another woman
playing with my wife's bottom was too much. After less than two minutes,
Arlene was swallowing my cum, and swallow she did.
	"That certainly was quick. I want you to get out and get into the
back seat," the lady demanded. I put my cock back into my pants and got
out. As soon as I did, I heard the doors lock, then I heard the sound of
spanking again. The window to the back seat went down about 4 inches. I
looked inside and the lady was spanking Arlene's already red bottom, but
very hard this time. She told me I would be allowed inside again, once I
was hard. Until I showed her my hard cock, she would keep spanking my wife
and leave me outside. I was a little frightened. My cock was already so
hard I was having a difficult time removing it from my pants. I finally
unbuttoned my pants and pulled them and my underwear down. I let my hard
cock wave in the window and then I heard the doors unlock. As I was
reaching for the door handle in the lady rolled up the window. I climbed
in to find my wife ass gripping her friend's finger again. She was keeping
the passage open and loose for me. She whispered in my ear to take down my
pants, because I was going to fuck my wife's ass. She told me that once I
was in position, I was to put the full length of my cock inside my wife
with one thrust.
	Every time we had anal sex before I gradually worked Arlene's
bottom open with more fingers, or from going from a small vibrator to a
larger one. I gave her tight bottom time to relax and get accustomed to
the invasion. This was not to happen tonight. I moved behind her and
positioned my cock against her puckered, inviting hole. Her lady friend
had done a good job of lubricating it with pussy juice. She said "Now" and
I slid my entire cock inside with one push. I was amazed of how quickly
and easily I went fully inside her bottom. The lady was massaging Arlene's
clit and I could feel a finger or two inside her pussy. It was also
stimulating my cock. I am not a stud, nor am I a pre-mature ejaculator,
but tonight I was ready to shoot in less than two minutes again. Arlene
was now having her pussy lightly spanked by her friend. I came when I
heard Arlene cumming. Her bottom was squeezing my cock like a tight ring,
milking every last drop from me.
	It took us a few moments to come back down, and when we did the
lady was leaning up against the door. She had pulled her skirt up and was
playing with her own pussy. "Now which one of you would like to lick me to
orgasm?" she asked. Arlene has had only one experience with a woman. I
thought that this would be my job, but I did not even have time to respond
because Arlene buried her face in the lady's muff before I knew it.
Although not experienced, Arlene must have been doing a good job because
the lady came in less than a minute. She held Arlene's head in place and
told her to keep licking. There was my wife, bottom in the air, licking
another woman's pussy right in front of me.
	I could not resist, I took advantage of my wife's ass again. This
time I was much more in control. I slowly pumped in and out of that tight
passage. I could tell she liked it by her moaning (or was she liking the
taste of her friend). I was no where near orgasm when her friend started
to tell us her orgasm was close. She kept talking of how good this licking
felt, of how good the tongue felt on her clit. When she announced she was
cumming on my wife's face, I came again in my wife's bottom.
	We slowly regained our composure and dressed. When we were ready
to leave, the lady politely shook my hand, and deeply kissed Arlene. When
Arlene asked if we would see her again, she responded, "Him, no. You,
yes."
	That was the last I ever saw of her, but Arlene is going to meet
with her tonight. I can't wait until she gets home and tells me all about
it.
