Archive-name: Fetish/shoplft2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Shoplifters, The - 2
 
 
     About the time Jennifer was kneeling on her dressing
stool, Lisa's father George came into her room, she had been
waiting since supper as had her friend a short while earlier.
She had recieved the same response to her story that Jennifer
had, her dad had told her that it was useless to try to talk 
her way out of what she had coming, and that she was going to
remember not to steal again, much less on something as foolish
as a dare.
     George was of English decent, and he was a firm believer
in the cane for serious breeches of discipline, most of the
time the paddle kept in Lisa's room was quite enough to keep
her in line, 10 hard swats across her bare bottom usually was
more than enough to have her bawling in no time at all, but 
the cane could do the same in two or three strokes.
     As soon as dinner was over George announced her sentence.
     "My girl, after giving it some thought, I've decided that
you have earned the cane for your behavior today, there was 
absolutely no excuse for what you did."
     Lisa sat and listened quietly, head hung low as her father
continued, "Now, you are to go up to your room, undress, and 
put on your nightie, and wait for me to come up".
     She didn't even bother to protest, she knew by now that it
would do no good and only make her dad more angry if that was
possible.
     Once upstairs Lisa went straight to her room, undressed and
put on her nightie and panties and sat down to await her fathers  
arrival.
     As she sat on her bed she could feel the lightness in her 
stomach, and the tingling feeling in her bottom that she always
got before being given the cane. She remembered the last time
she was caned, 12 hard stingers that turned her rear into a
fireball and her crying like a baby, trying to stay in position.
     That was something she had noticed after the last
caning, she found that she was damp around her crotch, the
position she was made to recieve her caning in caused her to
display everything to her father and even though it hurt worse
than any spanking she'd ever gotten, it made her feel a little
randy too even through the pain.
      About 20 minutes later Lisa heard the kitchen cupboard open
and close, that meant only one thing, her dad was on his way up,
and he was definitely bringing the cane!
      She had hoped it was just a threat, but she knew from past
experience that the sound of the cupboard door meant she was really
in for it. The odd knot in her stomach grew, as did the tingling
sensation in her posterior, soon to be replaced by the firey sting
of bamboo across her naked bum.
      George walked in cane in hand, "Well young miss, we both 
know why I'm here, so let's get on with it shall we?"
      "Y-Yes sir" she muttered.
      "Now, since this was a serious offence, and you could have
ended up with a criminal record you have already gotten off 
lightly by not being turned in to the police, so, I'm going to
give you a proper hiding young lady, you will recieve 18 cuts
across your bare bottom, you will count each stroke to me, and you
will recieve 2 extra for every one you mis-count, do you understand?".
       18 strokes! "My bottom will never take it", she thought.
"Please daddy, I won't do it again, I'm sorry", she pleaded.
       "Lisa, you know better than to argue with me, next time
it's going to be 3 extra, now get into position for your caning.
       Tears were already beginning to well up in her eyes
as she climbed onto the bed and into position for her punishment.
       She knew the position well by now. First, two pilows are
placed on the bed to elevate her bare bottom for the cane, then
she is to kneel on the bed facing the barred headboard, and she is to 
grasp the bars with both hands with her head down and bottom up 
and her legs spread apart the width of one pillow.
       Lisa climbed onto the bed, eyes already wet with tears, slowly
she grabbed the headboard and lowered her head between her arms. 
Trembling, she raised her bottom up as her fahter slid the pillows
beneath her opening her legs as she had been instructed in the 
past.
      Stepping up to the side of the bed George lifted the 
flimsy nightdress up and over her now panty clad bottom,
and pushed it right up to her shoulders.
      Reaching down once more, George put a finger inside the 
elastic of his daughters panties, one on each side, and pulled
them right off exposing her ivory bottom to his view.
      "Right, now young miss, you know why you are getting
this caning and you know you deserve it, so shall we begin?"
      "Yes s-s-ir, please not too hard".
      "Nonsense, if it isn't hard you won't remember your lesson,
and I promise you my girl you'll not forget this one soon".
      Raising the cane he brought it down hard right across 
the center of his young daughter's shapley bottom, leaving a
bright red stripe that would weal shortly, as would each one.
      Tonight George, like Tom at this very moment, was not going
to take any half measures on his daughters backside, this lesson
would be learned.
      SWISSSHHH  CRACK!!  The pain seared across her unprotected
bottom like fire. 
      "OHHHH, that's one!" Lisa gasped.
      Raising the cane again, George let the next one fall.
      HISSSSSS CRACK! 
      "OWWWWW, two!", she yelped.
      SWISSSHHH WHAP! The cane landed again with unerring accuracy
across her tender cheeks.
      "OHHH-OHHH please!, that's th-three", she stammered, the
cane already starting to bring up the tears.
      Again she heard the whoosh of the thin cane cutting the air
between her fathers arm and her upturned bum, WHAP!!!, then the
searing pain shot across her denuded bottom.
      "AAHHHH, oh please", she cried, "please it hurts daddy!".
      "I told you it was supposed to hurt my girl, and I also 
told you to count each stroke, now you have two extra waiting
for you at the end."
      "No,no, please n-not that, I won't forget again!"
      "You knew what you were supposed to do Lisa, and
you were told what you would get if you didn't." George said
as he raised the cane again.
      SWISSHHH CRACK!! once again finding it's target.
      "OOOOOO, th-th-that's f-five daddy",she cried.
      "That's more like it." said George tapping the cane
on her bottom, taking aim at the lowest part, right at the
point where the thighs and buttocks meet.
      WHOOSH CRACK!! the cane landed right on target causing 
Lisa to immeadiatly put her hands back there to try and rub 
her sore bottom.
      "OWWWWwW", she wailed, "th-that's s-s-six!".
      George looked at the sobbing girl's bare bottom, now
the two perfectly shaped globes were no longer pure white,
they had six angry red parallel lines across them.
      Taking back the cane, George took aim and landed another
stinger across the broadest part of Lisa's naked ass.
      "OHHHHH, th-that's s-seven! Please d-d-addy, I-I'm
sorry!", she implored.
      George however had no intentions of stopping until she
had recieved everything that he felt she had coming to her.
      Even as these last words were escaping her lips he again
brought the cane down onto her quickly reddening backside.
      CRACK!! "OHHHHHH!", she yelled, this time taking a 
few seconds to regain her composure enough to count the 
eighth cut. By now she was crying continually, barely able
to control her sobbing enough to count the strokes.
      SWISSHHH CRACK!  WHAP! CRACK!! CRACK!! the cane landed
four more times. Each cut seeming to find a new place.
      Lisa was crying uncontrollably by this time, her ass
now covered from top to bottom with red lines, the first
cuts had already started to puff and welt in places. It was
taking almost half a minute for her to count the last two
strokes she recieved, and she still had six more to go!
      George decided to let her rest for a few minutes to
regain some of her composure for the next six. While he was
standing behind her waiting and looking at his handiwork
so far, he noticed between her spread legs that the lips of
her young sex were damp and swollen even as she cried.
This did not surprise him much, he remembered his sister 
telling him about the feelings she got after being caned 
by his father in much the same manner as Lisa was being 
caned now. Not to mention his wife's reactions after he
uses it on her.
      "Now Lisa," he said, "you have six of the best still
to come plus two for the one you didn't count, you don't have
to count these but I expect you to remain perfectly still,
do you understand?".
      "Oh please!", she began to sob anew,"please no more, I
can't take anymore, I'll be good now, I promise!".
      "Yes you will when I've finished with your naughty
bottom, and you can take much more should the need arise,
now get yourself ready for the rest of your punishment".
      She doubted that she could take anymore, her bottom 
already felt like it was being stung by a swarm of angry 
bees. But she also knew that her father planned on doing
just as he said and he could not be dissuaded once he had
passed sentence. So, crying into the bedspread, she raised her
now very sore bare bottom back up for six of the best.
       George was not a cruel man, he normally would have
stopped at the 12 already delivered, but this was a lesson 
he wanted to make sure he got across, his daughter
is smart enough to know not to steal already, this time her
and her friend, Jennifer had gotten off easy though. Had the
manager not known Tom and himself he might have called the police,
and what a mess that would've been thought George. No, he had to 
make sure that this would not happen again.
       Stepping behind Lisa once more, he raised the cane high 
and let it fall.
       SWISSSHHH THWACK!! the welt rising almost immeadiately
this time, right across the lower part of her buttocks.
       "AIIEEE!", wailed Lisa,"oh please not so hard".
       THWACK!!! again the cane landed leaving a raised weal,
as would all of the next 4, plus the two penalty strokes.
       "AHHHHHH, I-I'm sorry, I w-w-won't d-d-do it ag-again,
oh pleeeease s-stop!" she wailed. But it would do no good, by 
the time he had given her the fourth cut she could only mutter
unintelligible sounds between her sobs.
       After delivering the six, George told her that she had
two more to go, these he delivered in rapid succession to her
crimson cheeks.
       WHISSHHH THWACK!!! SWISSHHH CRACK!!!
       Both cuts left welts rising anew on the surface of her
well marked bottom flesh, each stroke feeling like a white hot
branding iron being applied to her poor bottom.
       A long wail was all that escaped Lisa's quivering lips,
she was crying to hard for anything else to be understood.
       As George was finishing the last two strokes he noticed
that her pink slit was now open to view between the now open and
puffy lips of her vagina, and dripping wet! He still wasn't sure
why some women responded to the cane in this manner, but he 
thought he might have to find an excuse to cane his wife tonight.
Then he could soothe her sore bottom and relieve the building
tension from the caning he had just administered, this was one
of their favorite forms of foreplay. 
       He looked at her asscheeks, quivering with her sobbing,
they were striped from top to bottom where thigh and ass come
together, both cheeks were covered with welts colored from pink 
to angry red
       George told Lisa that he hadn't wanted to punish her so
severly, but had no choice since she was old enough to know 
right from wrong, and that he would do it again should the need
arise.
       Lisa, through her sobs, said she understood and that she
was sorry and it would not happen again.
       He stayed and comforted her until she had her crying under
control, then told Lisa to stay in her room for an hour to contemplate
what had just taken place, and then left her alone.
       Gingerly, after her father had left, Lisa rolled onto her
back, nightdress still around her shoulders. The sheet felt rough
on her naked bottom and it stung like mad. She lifted up and rubbed
her hand across her cheeks feeling the welts left there by the cane.
She noticed how her young pussy was starting to throb as the sharp
pain turned to a dull ache in her ass. Reaching down with her other
hand she began to masturbate herself until she reached orgasm. At
times she wondered if something were wrong with her the way she
got turned on after getting the cane, but she figured if that's 
what worked with her that she would have to find someone who
would do that to her once she started going out with boys, until
then she could still rest assured of at least one a month here
at home. With the sound of the cane still in her ears she rolled
over and drifted off to sleep, and dreamt of a handsome man standing
behind her as she knelt down and raised her ass.... .

END OF PART 2

--
