Archive-name: Bondage/shop.txt
Archive-author:
Archive-title: Shopping Adventure, A


     We awake early, rousting you from a deep sleep, lightly
kissing your taught nipples, I remind you, it's time to get up,
we have things to do today. You sleeply smile, and lay still for
a moment, enjoying my warm lips searching your breasts, then
reluctantly sit up, stretching and rubbing the sleep from your
eyes. "Cummon now sleepy head, let's get going, I have plans for
today, we can't waste it in bed."
     Moving to get dressed, I watch as you fumble thru your
clothes, finding something to wear. I watch as you pull on your
jeans and top..(thinking to myself, just what I had in mind, no
undergarments to get in the way).
     You seem a bit puzzled as we leave the house, but know not
to question where we are going or what I have planned.
    I pull up in front of a bunch of small shops, noticing your
eyes scanning the row of stores, then your eyes fix on the tiny
leather shop and smile. "Now, before we go in here, remember, I
am bringing you here to buy you what you have wanted, so you will
behave as you well know how." (your eyes downcast, but I can see
a smile emerge from the corners of your lips) You reply "Yes
Mistress, I remember."

     As we enter the shop, a tall, sharply dressed lady greets
us, asking if she can be of help. "Yes, my little lady here would
like to see something in black leather pants." She nods and shows
us the rack of pants, the smell of leather fills the tiny shop. I
move to sort thru them, finding two pair that seem to be the
right size, both in black, the styles slightly different.
Looking in your direction, your eyes still downward, but noticing
what I have picked out. "She'll need to try them on." The
saleslady points to the small fitting room and we both move in
that direction. Pulling the curtain, I hang the pants on the hook
as you begin to peel off your jeans. Watching your excitment as
you try the smooth leather on, but as you pull them up, we both
realize they are much too big, so you shed them, returning them
to the hangar and reach for the second pair. Struggling to pull
them up, I realize they are a much tighter fit, you struggle with
the zipper, then stand still, waiting for my approval. "They fit
you very nicely, now go to the mirror outside and let's get a
better look." Opening the curtain, you move to stand before the
mirror. As I stand behind you, my hands moving down your ass,
making sure they fit tightly in all the right places, I notice
the saleslady's eyes seem fixed on us. "I'm not really sure, what
do you think dear?" She moves closer, her eyes scanning up and
down the length, and suggests another pair, which she goes to
retrieve. I send you back to remove that pair, and she comes into
the booth with the second pair. As she opens the curtain to hand
you the next pair, I notice you blushing, as you realize you are
standing before her, completely naked other than your skimpy
shirt. I smile, noticing her eyes fixed to your curls, and she
slowly hands you the pants. "Like what you see? She enjoys
showing her body for me, so if you'd like to see more, just say
so, I'm sure she will willingly oblige." She smiles, then stands
back, leaning against the wall. She replies, "Yes, she does have
a lovely body, I'd enjoy seeing more. I also have a leather vest,
perhaps she could have a complete outfit, if you'd like, I'll get
it?" I nod and she moves to get the vest...I notice your face
beet red, but you remain silent. Moving closer, I peel your top
up over your head, your arms reluctantly raise over your head to
assist me. As you stand completely naked, she returns, her eyes
now fixed on you, seeing your embarassment, she moves closer,
helping you with both the pants and vest. I watch as you stand
still, her hands fitting the material over you, makeing sure it
fits you correctly, then slowly, she moves her hands down to your
crotch. Turning to me, she smiles and says.."Yes, a very nice fit
down here, I think you will like the way it fits snugly." My hand
moves closer and we both feel the tightness in the crotch of the
pants, as I hear you moan slightly, feeling us both pressing
against your pussy. "Well, I think she likes this pair, do you my
slave?"

     With your head still low, you mutter..."Yes Mistress, I love
it." Well then, we shall take them both, but for now, remove
them, so I can pay the lady. We both watch as you begin to strip
once again. I look over and notice the woman's face flushed,
indicating to me that I have gotten her attention with your body.
After you have removed the leather, and before you have a chance
to replace your clothes, I move to you, placing a hand between
your legs, feeling the wetness that has gathered. "Oh my, now
look what you have done, you know better, don't you?" With your
face redder than before, you stand still and mutter, "Sorry
Mistress, I couldn't help myself."

     The lady seems very intrigued with your obedience, obviously
very atuned to how I am treating you in front of a stranger.
"Before we go, would you mind if I corrected a little problem we
seem to have here?" She says she has no objections.

     I move closer, my hand reaching out with a stinging blow to
your cheek. "You know, you were told to control yourself, and you
go and get your pussy all wet and embarass me like this." I pull
your chin up, forcing your eyes into mine, " I will just have to
teach you again, you know I don't like when you embarass me. Now,
since the lady has been so kind to help us, I think you should
show her your appreciation."

     I watch as you silently move to her, your head bowed, and
you stand attentively in front of her...."I'm sorry, I would be
glad for you to have me as you wish, to please my Mistress."

    She reaches out, caressing your nipples, then pulls you to
her, her lips searching your's as you remain still.....

--
