                         THE SHOPLIFTERS

     Eighteen year old Lisa sat on the edge of her
bed, that all too familiar feeling rising in the pit of
her stomach.
     "Why?" she thought to herself, "Why did I ever take
that dare to try and sneak that blouse out of the store
without paying fot it? Drat that Jennifer, now I'm going
to get the spanking of my life because of her!".
     Lisa need not have worried though, because just three
blocks over a similar scene to what Lisa was awaiting
was just at that moment beginning to be played out.


     Jennifer was sitting in her room, dressed as she was
always made to before her father came in to administer a
spanking. She could already feel the butterflies building
in her stomach that always accompanied the waiting.

     Her dad had hardly said a word during dinner, she knew
he was VERY upset at her this time. So, it came as no real
surprise to Jennifer when, after dinner, he told her to go
upstairs to her room and get ready to recieve a sound spanking.
That meant to get undressed and put on just the short cotton
nightshirt kept just for this purpose, and her panties, and
wait until her father came up.

     After half an hour or so Tom, Jennifer's dad, came up
the stairs and into her room

     "Well young lady, what have you got to say for yourself
before we start?". "Do you know how embarrassing it was to
get that call from the store manager, that my daughter, who
was taught better, was caught stealing with a friend of hers?".
     
      "B-B-But Dad, I'm sorry, I-I won't ever do that again,
please don't sp-spank me, I'm too old for that now", stammered
Jennifer, tears already starting to well up in her eyes since she
knew what was coming no matter how much she pleaded.
     
       You're also too old to be stealing from other people
Jennifer", said Tom. "You should have known better than to
do that, think of how embarrassing it would be if this got
out, that Tom Martin's daughter is a shop lifter? I'm just
glad the manager was nice enough to call me instead of the
police. Tomorrow you are going back to the store and
apologize for stealing from him, and you're going to pay him
for the things you tried to steal out of your allowance, do
you under-stand?".
     
      Jennifer nodded, "Yes sir".

     "Now young lady, I'm going to give you a licking you're
not going to soon forget".

     She watched mesmerized as her father started to unbuckle
his belt and remove it from his trousers.

     Tom pulled out the bench by the dresser as he finished
removing his belt and sat down. "Now young lady, take your
panties right off, and come here".

     "Oh please daddy, don't make me take my panties off", she
pleaded. It had been almost 2 years since her last bare-bottom
spanking and she didn't want her dad to see her now matured 
young body, "let me keep my panties on, it hurts bad enough
like that".

     Tom wasn't having any of that though. "Listen my girl,
you get them off now, or I'll do it myself and that will add
10 strokes to your punishment, now don't argue with me anymore!".

     The thought of her dad pulling down her panties plus the
idea of 10 extra strokes in the mood he was in helped her make
her decision. Trembling, she did as she was told.

     Oh how she hated for him to see her private parts which only
now were just starting to be nicely covered with hair, it was so
humilliating.

     Slowly she walked over to Tom, who took her by the arm
and pulled her right across his lap. Taking her hands
with his left hand he put them in the middle of her back, and
taking his right leg, placed it over her legs to keep her
from kicking and falling off his lap, he wanted to make sure
she got everything she deserved. Also this centered her bare,
defensless bottom directly over his lap, pointing up perfectly
for the severe strapping he intended to administer to his
naughty daughter's bare backside.

     Tom looked down on the sight in front of him, the
rounded bottom, quivering in anticipation of what was about
to come, the pubic hairs just starting to show from between
her white upturned bottom cheeks, soon to be striped and wealed
by the belt he was holding, and thought that she was indeed
getting too old to be acting as she had been. She was already
sobbing softly at what was to come, but Tom was determined that
this lesson would not need to be repeated and that she would
be crying like a 5 year old when he was finished with her.
And to this he held true.

     "You will receive 25 strokes", he said breaking the
silence, "and you will count each one out loud, do you understand
Jennifer?".

     "Y-Y-Yessir", she said. "Please not t-t-too hard"she
begged,"I won't do it again, I promise!", she pleaded. But
her pleas fell on deaf ears.

     "I know you won't do it again, not after I finish with
you, you shouldn't have done it in the first place girl",
said Tom.

     The butterflies took flight in Jennifer's belly again
and her bottom was starting to tingle at the thought of the
whipping that was about to begin, she knew that this time
there were going to be no half measures, that she was about
to recieve a hard spanking that would surely make her cry
long before it was over. And she was right.

     He raised the belt and let it fall, CRACK!, it
landed in the center of her bottom leaving an angry red stripe.

     "YEOWWW!", hollered Jennifer, she tried to move but
it was no use, her father had her firmly in place,"one",she
called out. CRACK! the belt landed again, "OHHHH, that's two"
WHAP!, "OHHHH, th-th-three she cried", her bottom already felt
like it was on fire.

     "Please daddy..I'm sorry!"

     CRACK! "OWWWW, th-that's f-f-four, oh please it hurts".

     "It's supposed to hurt", was the reply.

     WHAP! "OOOOO, five", Jennifer was starting to cry by now.

     SNAP!, the belt landed again, "That's six", she sobbed.

     CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!, again and again the belt landed on
her unprocted bottom, punctuated only by Jennifer's crying and
counting the strokes.

     Tom looked down at his daughters bottom, now crossed
with angry red stripes with a few weals starting to rise,"This
will teach you not to take things that don't belong to you
young lady", he said raising his arm for another stroke.

     SNAP! the belt came down on the lower part of her
cheeks, just above the thighs,"OWWWWW, th-th-that's ten", she was
bawling steadily now, "please no m-more, I'll be good", but it
was no use, the belting went on in earnest and she was sobbing
like a six year old from the tenth stroke onward.

     Finally at twenty her father stopped, and told her
to stand up, this she did, slowly, after crying for about
three minutes still over his knee,and turned to face him.

     Modesty was no longer a primary thought as her hands rushed
behind  her to rub her now very red and sore bottom."Now
young lady, for your last five I want you to kneel on the
stool here with your head on your hands and your bottom
raised and your legs apart".

     Oh how she hated that, not only was everything,
everything exposed to her dad like that, but it also hurt
worse because he had more room to swing the belt, and in
that position she wasn't able to clench her cheeks to ease
awful sting of the strap as it fell on her unprotected bare
bottom.

     By this time she had almost gotten her sobbing and
crying under control, but it started anew at these instru-
tions . Reluctantly, doing as she was told she knelt down on her
dressing table bench, resting her head on her hands, and
closing her eyes, she raised her bottom up to the ministrations
of her fathers belt.

     Tom stepped behind her and raised the nightshirt
out of the way exposing Jennifer's now angry red bare
bottom, and pushed it up to the middle of her back where
it slid on up to her shoulders. "Don't you move out of
this position young lady, if you do you will receive
two extra for each one you moved on, is that clear?".

     "Y-Y-Yes D-Daddy", she sobbed into her hands.

     Tom looked down at her kneeling there and was at once
reminded of how much she was starting to look like her
mother, who, by the way was waiting in their bedroom for
the same thing her daughter was now getting, only more
severe for over-spending this month again, but that's another
story.

     As he was looking he noticed that her pubes appeared
damp too,"hmmm", he thought,"she responds like her mom to the
strap too." Clearing his thoughts of what was coming later, he
moved behind Jennifer.

     Without warning it came, Jennifer was caught completely
off her gaurd.

     SNAP!! Jennifer howled and her hands rushed to rub
her bottom, that one felt twice as hard as the others, the
sting felt like molten fire on her upturned ass.

     "Put your hands back where they belong" snapped Tom,
"now you have two extra for moving." She put her hands back
under her head, tears welling up anew. "Pl-p-please no", she
whimpered, but it was to no avail.

     CRACK!! CRACK!! the belt exploded twice in a row, "OHHHH
it hurts so bad Daddy, please stop", she was already sobbing
like a little girl but to no avail.

     WHISHHH SNAP! "OWWWWWW!!" she howled, "twenty-t-two",
she called out, this time not moving from position. CRACKK!!!

     "AHHHHH", her head snapped back, "t-t-twenty th-th-th-three"
she sobbed, barely getting it out, the tears were coming in
steady streams now. "Please D-D-Daddy, I've had enough, I-I
d-don't need anym-m-more", she pleaded.

     "I'll be the judge of that young lady", he said.

     "Only two more to go, now stay in position and you
won't have to get any extra", said her father. Tom looked
at the now well striped and crimson bottom pointing up at
him, almost deciding that she had had enough. Then the thought
of her stealing came back and he decided that the full measure
was due.

     HISSSS CRACK!! the belt found it's target again,
Jennifer jumped up rubbing her tender backside, crying,
yelped,"that's twenty f-f-four" she cried, then realizing
what she had just done she got back into position, but it
was too late.

     "Didn't I just tell you not to move?" "Now you have
two more coming before the last one!"

     "NOOOO please daddy, I d-d-in't m-mean to" she sobbed. "I
won't move anymore".

     "You know what you were told, and that's what you're
going to get young lady." WHISSHHH SNAP!! "OHHHHHH PLEASE!"
she cried. WHISSHH CRACK!! "I-I-I'M SORRY".By now it was
hard to hear her through her sobbing.

     "Now", said Tom, "here comes the last one." WHISSSHHH
CRACKKK!!!! "OOOOOOOOH" cried Jennifer, "twenty-five!"

     Tom looked at his prostate daughter's now red wealed
and firey bottom, criss-crossed with stripes, some turning to
a light purple already, as she cried like a 6 year old. He
didn't particularly like to punish his daughter, but he was
not going to be the parent of a thief either. He told her
that he didn't like to punish her, but that until she could
straighten up that this was what she could expect in the future
if it happened again, only more severe. Then he left the room
with belt in hand to go take care of his wife's unruly back-
side.

     Jennifer stayd in position for a few more minutes sobbing
and crying like the punished girl she was and then got up, still
crying, and went over to her mirror,"Oh", she sobbed, "look at
my poor bottom, I won't be able to wear my shorts for weeks", she
continued to look at the stripes and welts left by her father's
belt. "Ohhh,it's so hot", she said to herself, and she noticed
that she was getting hot feelings somewhere else too, she almost
always did after the edge had worn off the pain from a good
hard spanking.

     She lay down on her bed and began to rub her sparsely
haired, and now very wet vagina, thinking to herself that
she hoped she could find someone to take her dad's place
someday when she got married to keep her in line the same
way he did.

