Archive-name: Fetish/shoplft3.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Shoplifters, The - 3


                       Ann's Spanking

    Ann sat on the corner of the bed waiting for Tom to enter
the room and give the inevetible order to strip and lay across
the bed for her spanking. She could hear the sound of the strap
landing across her Jennifer's rear and the accompanying cries of
pain and promises to be a good girl. As she sat listening she
remembered one of the many spankings she had recieved from her 
father many years ago.
    She had been sixteen and, she figured, too old to be spanked
anymore. Ann's father had just started allowing her to go out with
some of the boys from school, on the stipulation that she be home
no later than 10:30. She usually had no problem being in on time
but never really worried about what might happen if she should be
later than that, figuring that at most she would be grounded for a
week or so, after all, it had been almost 2 years since her last
spanking.
    Well, one night she was out with a boy she particularly liked
and didn't pay attention to the time, it was nearly midnight before 
she came home. As soon as she stepped in the house her father was 
waiting for her strap in hand.
    "Well young lady, what do you have to say for yourself?" he asked.
"Didn't I tell you that you were to be in by 10:30 or you'd be 
punished?"
    She didn't know what to say, "Y-yes sir, b-but it's not even
midnight yet, I didn't think.."
    "That's right, you certainly didn't", her father broke in, "and
now you're going to be punished, you had no right worrying your 
mother & me like that.".
    "I'm sorry dad, it won't happen again, I just lost track of the
time".
    Her eyes were transfixed to the leather strap dangling in her
father's hand.
    "You bet it won't happen again young lady," he said, "after I
get through with your backside you'll be sure to be in on time from
here on."
    "B-b-backside" she stammered, "you're not really going to strap
me now are you, I'm too old for that."
    "Nonsense girl, obviously you aren't old enough to follow my 
orders, and if you're going to act like a 10 year old you can 
figure on being treated like one includung having your bare bottom
strapped." 
    "Now go to your room and take off your jeans and panties" he 
ordered.
    "Oh how humiliating!" she thought, "not only getting a strapping
but a bare bottomed one at that, and at my age."
    She knew better that to argue though, she could tell that her dad
meant business and now was not the time to try to bargain her way 
out of what she had coming. Slowly she walked to her room with her
dad right behind, once inside she fumbled nervously with the buttons
on her jeans finally getting them undone, then slowly she slid them 
off, past her shapely hips and to the floor.
    "Panties too" said her father, and then lay down across the bed."
    "Please dad, can't I leave them on, it'll hurt just as bad," she
pleaded, thinking how embarrasing it would be for her to have to
expose her maturing body to her father.
    "You heard me girl, either you take them off or I will!" he 
exclaimed.
    She certainly didn't want that so she complied, removing her
panties and draping her body across the bed.
    "Legs apart," he ordered, and she did as she was told.
    SMACK!! the strap landed without warning bringing a yelp from
Ann's throat, OWWW!
    SMACK, WHAP, SMACK, SMACK, the strap landed again and again on
the unprotected cheecks until she lost count. The strapping seemed
to go on forever to her, though in reality it only lasted five minutes
or so it seemed an eternity to her stinging, burning bottom.
    WHAP, SLAP, WHAP, the strap continued to land, each stroke
causing the fire in her bum to burn ever hotter, by the 15th stroke
she was blubbering like a baby, chanting the same song all naughty 
girls do at these times, "PLEASE DADDY, I-I'M SORRY, I'LL BE A G-GOOD
GIRL I PROMISE! PLEASE NO MORE!.
    The sounds of that long ago whipping were still ringing in her
ears when Tom walked into the room with his belt still in hand.
    "Well, do you have anything to say for yourself before we start?"
he asked.
    The sound of his voice snapped her back to the present, she had 
begun to get turned on thinking about her fathers belting, and she
had almost forgotten that she was about to recieve another that would
surely be at least as severe as that one for charging her and Tom's 
credit card to the limit without telling him.
    She could only shake her head and murmer a soft "no, but I'm sorry
Tom, it won't happen again."
    "I know it won't Ann," he said, "because after I'm done with your
bottom you'll think twice before charging our card up like that
again." "I've decided to use the razor strop on you to make sure of
that, now take off your panties and bend over the corner of the bed
with one leg on each side of the corner, with your legs well apart."
    "Oh no Tom, not the strop, please!"
    The strop had been Tom's grandfathers, and he'd never used it on
her before, it was thick and Tom had made sure to always keep the 
leather well oiled to keep it from cracking, he had threatened to use
it before but never had. Ann knew that this time she was being
punished for real.
    "Please, just use your belt,"she pleaded, but it fell on deaf ears
as Tom was already getting it out of their closet.
    "Don't try to get out of it Ann, you know you deserve it and
there's nothing you can say to change my mind, now bend over and 
take down those panties," he commanded.
    Tears welling up in her eyes she did as she was told, hooking a
thumb in each side of her panties she slid them down around her ankles
and straddled the corner of the bed laying her stomach on the mattress
with one leg on each side of the corner knowing this would be a
spanking she would never forget.
    Placing a hand on each thigh at the top Tom pulled her back until
her bottom was hanging over the corner of the bed with her pubes
sitting right at the edge.
    "Are you ready for your punishment Ann?" he asked.
    "Y-Yes," she whimpered, "I'm sorry."
    WHOOOOSH, CRAAACK! the strop landed without warning.
    "OOOOOOOOHHHH" Ann cried, "PLEASE NO!"
    Again it whistled through the air, SMAAACK!, right across her
tender ass.
    "OHOHOHOH! PLEASE TOM, IT HURTS!"
    Taking no notice Tom raised the razor strop again, briging it 
firmly down across both cheecks of Ann's naked posterior, WHAACK!
CRAACK!, SMAACK!.
    Ann was sobbing lustily from the third stroke on, she had never
experienced a burning like this in her behind before, "PLEASE, NO MORE
TOM, I'M SORRY, OOOOHHHH!"
    Tom continued his assault on his wife's quickly reddening
backside.
    WHOOOSH, CRAAACK! "OOOOWWWW!" P-PLEASE", was all she could say, 
her cheeks would clench and unclench franticly trying to reduce the
heat that quickly built in her bottom but to no avail, and through
all of her crying Tom continued undaunted.
    WHISSHHH, SMAACK!, WHAAPP! the leather continued to find it's
mark, making an angry red stripe and a weal on each side of the 
belt on every stroke. By the eighteenth stroke Ann's crying was 
one continuous wail.
    "OHHHHHH, PLEASE, I'LL BE GOOD," she cried, "NO MORE, PLEASE!"
    But the strapping went on for a full five minutes, by the time
Tom laid the strop down Ann's ass was a mound of red stripes, some
already turning a light blue with white weals on either side of 
where the strop had landed.
    As he looked at the form of his now sobbing wife, still bent 
over with her legs spread and ass hanging over the edge of the 
bed, he pulled out his now hard and reddened cock and slid it to
the hilt into Ann's dripping cunt. Tom couldn't remember the last
time her pussy felt so hot or wet.
    As Ann lay bent over still crying, she felt Tom thrust into 
her and was surprised at how hot she felt, she came almost at 
once, and she was still crying! The orgasm went from the tips of
her toes to the top of her head it felt like. Tom fucked her from
behind like that until she came three more times, then he released
what felt like a quart of come into her dripping hole, some spilling
out around his engorged cock, laying down both of them spent, Tom   
kissed the remaining tears from Ann's face, and told her all was 
forgiven, they both agreed however, that that was one of the most
intense love-making sessions that either one had ever experienced.
    As they rested Ann slid down and licked Tom's tool clean bringing
it slowly back to life, they made love twice more that night and both
agreed that the strop would be used again for any more major 
infractions, and secretly Ann hoped it wouldn't be all that long
before he had to use it on her again.
                          


--
