Various short sightings/anecdotes:
All are true, all seen by me or very close friends.

12/01/92 - At a party, a vague friend of mine was wondering round
           telling everyone who would (or wouldn't) listen that she
           was "Dying for the loo." and "I don't want to wet myself!"
           She asked everyone within earshot of me "Do you want me
           to wet myself?  Then get them out of the toilet!"
           A group of people were tending to a drunkard in the only
           toilet...
           She didn't seem too desperate - she stood still (but wrung
           her hands) as she spoke to me.

o A friend of mine told my girlfriend one day during a phone call
  that she'd been out the previous nigth with another friend.  They
  went to the cinema, but the film was crap, and too make matters 
  worse "I was dying for the loo from half way through, so that didn't
  make it any better!"

14/01/94 - In an afternoon lesson at Sixth Form College, a group of
           students were being shown a video.  One couldn't sit still,
           kept giggling and going red.  She said a couple of times
           "It must have been that coffee, I drank too much of it."
           The second their video finished, she jumped up and launched
           herself across the room towards the door, shouting at the
           teacher "Can I go to the loo now?  Thank you!" not waiting
           for the reply.

o Several re. one person.  She's drop-dead gorgeous and seems to either
  get desperate regularly, or it happens to occur when I can hear about
  it:
  - Aged 16, she was a real party animal.  At one during the summer,
    in a field to avoid damage to the host's house, she drank seven
    bottles of beer and then made love to her boyfriend, unable to pee
    as there were no toilets in the field, and lots of people at the
    party.  She told my girlfriend later that it had been "awful".
    I didn't doubt it for a second.
  - Aged 17, at a party, she (apparently, though wasn't particularly
    fidgety) needed to piss a lot.  Finally, the best friend of the
    hostess showed her an upstairs toilet, since the downstairs one had
    been/was being puked in, and was unavailable!  The friend described
    her as "A very relieved girl," when she showed her the toilet.
  - Aged 19, on 29/08/95.  She arrived for a days shopping with my
    informant at 10:15.  They had some tea (this girl had three cups), 
    then wondered around the town - she had a Fruitopia (fruit drink) 
    since it was a hot day.  At 11:30 they sat for a rest by the river, 
    she was already very giggly and was probably slightly fidgety. 
    Looking at clothes at 12:00 she definitely needed to - she had 
    trouble getting in to the clothes she was trying on.  12:30 they had
    lunch, where she had a can of coke or somesuch, and some of my 
    informant's.  As soon as they sat down to lunch, she couldn't sit
    still.  Her fidgeting was "rocking the benches in the cafe."  My 
    informant describes this as "severe fidgeting.  The sort you do when
    you can't hold on."  They left the cafe at 13:15ish and she said
    "The next thing on my menu is the toilet!"  They walked very quickly
    to some public toilets a couple of minutes away.

o Another individual.  She reads these pages, although isn't (as far as
  she's told me) into watersports - she just has a small bladder!  She
  is one of the characters in the St. John's College article.  I won't
  describe her since she might be offended however I phrase it.
  04/11/92 At one party, aged about 16, she was getting me to matchmake
           her and a mutual friend.  Conniving in the hall, she was 
           fidgeting in one of the most violent manners I've ever seen.
           I knew she was absolutely bursting...  We talked briefly,
           with her fidgeting all the while, until she announced, 
           bending forward with her hands across her abdomen "Hang on,
           I'm going to pee myself if I don't go to the loo!" and
           dashed in to the toilet.
  02/05/94 Aged 17.  Wearing cut-off jeans, she seemed a bit fidgety
           before a lesson at 11:50 (sadly, we were studying different
           A'level Maths courses).  At lunch time (13:00-14:10), she
           announced about half way thorugh that she was thirsty.  She
           had a mini-can of Root Beer in her lunch box, thus someone
           retorted "Drink your root beer then!"  She replied "I can't,
           I think I might wet myself if I have it."  "So go to the loo
           then!"  I chipped in "Look, the Physics blokc ones are just
           over there!"  She refused repeatedly, but did a bit later.
           She hadn't been very fidgety, though obviously needed to
           badly as she was subdued and not her normal self.
  - This very close friend almost never used school toilets, thus I'll
    try to coax her to tell me more...
  - Also appears in the Boat Trip item below.

o Television desperation I've seen:
  - Phillipa Forester, a Children's TV Presenter for the BBC, when
    still very new, started talking very fast during a live broadcast
    and fluffed her lines/swung in her chair/stuttured etc.  _I_ think
    she suddenly came over desperate since she was still nervous at
    being on TV, but others who saw it didn't even notice the change.
  - On one of the crappy Saturday morning TV shows with studio audiences,
    one member of a team in a quiz slot was obviously only just managing
    to concentrate on the questions over her bladder.  She was later
    involved in a physical game and could be seen standing in the
    background fidgeting mightily...

o Our Sixth Form College went on a boat trip as the end of year leaving
  party.  The boat had a bar, a disco, and one toilet - with, as I
  recall, about 50-75 students on board.  The queue for the toilet got
  enormous - half the group at times!  Assorted people:
  - One girl (she's quite sexy, but on with the story) got her thumb
    stuck in the toilet door, hammering on it to make the person in front
    in the queue, who'd just gone in, be quicker.  She had to be taken
    to hospital for X-rays I think, certainly received First Aid, but
    I never found out if she had been to the toilet before getting help.
    I liked to think she hadn't, and had somehow coped with the pressure
    in her bladder for the hour she was being ice-packed and splinted,
    but deep down I know she must have somehow endured the pain from her
    thumb in order to relieve the pain in her bladder first.
  - One of my friends was talking to a group of us, fidgeting slightly -
    the shifting slowly from leg to leg, not too desperate but can't
    stand still sort of fidget.  She went to buy a drink (she said,
    though the toilet was also in the direction) but came back empty
    handed and announced "I need a wee but there's a queue!"  She
    disappeared off again, later to be found still in the queue.
  - The same friend (X), and the one mentioned above (Y), were standing
    at the bow with me when the Captain announced he was going to moor
    at a jetty near public toilets for ten minutes as "I understand some
    ladies would like to powder their noses!"  The whole boat laughed
    (those who could without wetting themselves).  Y stamped her foot
    and said "I need a piss!" angrily.  X replied "Okay, okay, just
    hang on."  Y replied that she couldn't.  They ran together to the
    public toilets when we docked.
  - Another friend drank as much as everyone else, but was never 
    renowned for using the toilets however much she needed to.  I think
    she had been waiting about six hours, including the trip to the
    boat, when she finally gave in.  She joined the queue, and met me
    just after she came out of the toilet.  She said "Oh that's better.
    Oh the pain!"

12/02/93 - When I was 15/16 (during my GCSEs) I was elected Head Computer
           Technician.  As Chair of a Committee of students that ran the 
           school's computer room at lunch times, I had numerous 
           meetings.  Once a week, all the Committee met.  At one such 
           meeting, after it broke up, one of the two girls on the 
           Committee said "Oh, does that mean I can go to the loo now?
           James [another Committee member] pulled me in before I could
           go, and I'm really dying."  Later, I met her in the corridor
           and asked as I walked past if she'd masnaged to go yet.  She
           said she hadn't but did, then, actually look desperate.

30/09/95 - Eating in PizzaLand in York, I couldn't help noticing the
           fidgeting at the next table.  A blonde woman of about 20 was
           with her boyfriend, rubbing legs and totally tied up in each
           other.  I had no doubt she needed to piss, but when her
           boyfriend did go at the end of the meal, she watched him go
           wistfully but stayed put.

01/07/95 - Also at that PizzaLand, there was a younger girl sitting
           directly opposite me who could not sit still.  Her mother
           was apparently oblivious to the fact, but she was obviously
           on the verge of wetting herself.  I honestly don't think
           she can have made it home without _some_ leaks...

04/04/95 - This time at KFC in Plymouth, eating before seeing Forest
           Gump, actually, in the evening, I saw a girl and
           probably her sister with their mother stop outside the
           doors.  The doors were open, and I plainly heard their
           conversation.  The girl in question was very ratty and
           scowled, pacing about as they talked:
           Girl: "Let's have dinner.  I need the toilet."
           Mum: "But we've still got to get the..."
           G: "We can do that after!" (said very soon after her Mum's
              comment).  She then rushed in and upstairs to the 
              toilets without waiting for her mum or sister.
           M: "What do you want?" (called up the stairs after her)
           The girl reappeared and crossed her legs on the steps as
           she replied anything would do.

11/10/94 - We have to register with the Medical Centre on Campus when
           we arrive as first years at York Uni., thus a mamouth
           'production line' is set up.  A urine test is done, as
           usual.  Some people apparently went prepared:
           Waiting to see the nurse (third queue of the process) I
           found myself sitting next to the sexiest girl I'd so far
           met in my two days at Uni.  She was fidgeting slightly,
           waiting for her friends to finish with the nurse before
           leaving (apparently to provide the sample, since they all
           came back later).  Suddenly, amongst the small talk always
           evident among freshers, she said "I think my bladder's
           going to burst!" and didn't mention it again.  She left
           about ten minutes later...

20/07/95 - I've so far found only one advantage to commuting by train
           rather than car - watching women almost burst.
           Sitting on Exeter St. Davids station, in Devon, UK, on
           a glorious summer evening (hot and sweaty from my days
           work in a shirt and tie, otherwise I might have approached
           her), I saw a lovely, perfect-legged woman wearing an
           opaque mini-skirt on the opposite platform.  She was
           intermittently with her boyfriend (I guess) though he
           spent a lot of time checking the Information Board.  She
           was trying very hard to hide the fact that she was fidgeting,
           but every male eye in the place was on her since she had
           a somewhat revealing skirt ;-) .  Their train arrived late,
           and I saw her straining in her seat to see whether either
           toilet in their carriage was occupied as the train finally
           pulled out.  I have never seen anything better - many to
           equal it, but when tired, hot and frustrated on a working
           day there is nothing better!

