Archive-name: Family/showoff4.txt
Archive-author: Sexy Brunette
Archive-title: Showoff - 4


This story is about my niece, stephanie. We started playing when she was
about seven or eight years old. I think I already told you how we got
started. She quickly turned into a hot little girl.  She loved to have her
little pussy played with, and took every chance to have some fun. Often,
she would call me up and ask if she could come over and have some fun.
Since her mother worked in the evening and over night at times as a nurse,
Ste and her sister had many occasions to spend the night with me when
I would baby-sit.

Most of the time, when she would some over to spend the night, they
would come early in the day. their mother had to be at work at 3 PM.
They would usually bring their bathing suits and swim in the pool at
the apartment. I told ste that I liked to look at her in her bathing
suit because I could see the outline of her little pussy through the
material. After having told her that, she brought two suits with her the
next time she came. when I asked her why, she stated the second suit was
from last year and fit her better.  She also said she was going to leave
it at my house because her mother wanted to give it away because it was
too small. The first time she put it on, I knew why her mother wanted to
give it away. It WAS too small.  So small, in fact, that it was pulled
tightly up against her pussy when she wore it. When she first put it on,
it didn't look too bad, but after walking or playing a while, it pulled
up into the crack of her ass and little pussy. So tight in her pussy
that you could even see her little clit.

I loved that bathing suit, and soon found that she really liked wearing
it because she enjoyed showing off to me. I would always tell her how
hot she looked when she wore it. When we were alone, she would put on
little shows for me by pulling the back of the suit up into her ass,
calling it her G-string look. (I had told her about G-strings) She also,
at my urging, would put the front of the suit between the lips of her
pussy so the bald lips showed on the outside of the suit.

After a while, two or three weeks, she became bolder and started showing
off to me in the pool while others were nearby.  She would tell me to
go under water and look. When I did, she would have the crotch of her
suit pulled aside so I could see her count or the back pulled up into
her ass. I told her someone might see her, but she said she didn't care.
No one did....yet.

When she and her sister would go into my room to change, Steph would
leave the door open a bit so I could sneak over and watch them change (I
wasn't doing anything with the younger one at that time, and she didn't
know what ste and I were up to).  One day, while watching them change,
Ste got all her clothes off, as did her sister, and she walked over to
the window and opened the curtains.  She was standing in front of the
window nude!! My apartment was on the second floor so, unless someone
happened to be looking, there was really no danger any one would see.
Never the less, to keep from getting into trouble, I went into the
other room and called to her. She wrapped a towel around herself and
came out. I asked her what she thought she was doing, and she said it
was fun thinking other people might see her naked.  I explained that
she shouldn't do that and the consequences, but told her if she wanted,
I would go outside to look at her from the ground. I told her if anyone
else came, she would have to get away from the window.  I went outside
and no one was there so, when she peeked out of the window, I nodded
and she stepped in front of it. My cock got hard immediately.  Not only
did she stand in front of the window, she reached down and pulled the
hairless lips of her pussy wide open for me. Gee it was hot.  I went back
upstairs and sent her sister to the pool ahead of us, telling her ste and
to help me with something. As soon as I had the door locked behind her,
I rushed Stephanie to the bedroom, laid her out on the bed, and went
after her pussy with my mouth and fingers. I was so fucking turned on,
I shot my load without ever touching my cock.

Later on, I took advantage of her willingness to show her bald little
count off, and started showing it to others.

--
