  The Showers
  Scott Grildrig
  05-Aug-1993

    "I wish Carol was back." said Lisa.
    "Me too." sighed Debbie, "I hope those creeps haven't caught
  her trying to get back here."
    "They're all such assholes." said Lisa.
    "Tell me about it." Debbie steamed, "I'm at my limit.  God,
  if one of them touches me again..."

    It was another away game for Arkham Tech, and two of the
  cheerleaders were complaining about the crude and lewd advances
  from their juvenile football players.  The team didn't give a shit
  about winning, just nights out, beer chugging and groping for girls.
  Which was just as well because they never won, slept days, and
  absorbed beer like sponges.  The unasked for petting was a
  different problem.

    It was friday night but Debbie and Lisa chose to stay together
  in their guest dorm room, rather than try to socialize.  The boys
  didn't appreciate it, and every so often their door would
  rattle, or something would ping! off their window.  They ignored
  it.  They always ignored it.

    Then they heard something they couldn't ignore.  Someone was
  screaming in the hallway, shouting, yelling, and there was
  masculine laughter surrounding it.

    "It's Carol!" cried Debbie, and she flew to the door, unchained
  and unlocked it.  Lisa watched apprehensively as she leaned out
  into the hall.  There was some more shouting, and she dragged Carol
  into the room, slammed the door shut and locked it.

    Just in time.
    The door shivered in its frame, then boomed as it was kicked.
  Angry threats came garbled through the heavy wood.

    The girls looked at Carol, their fear and humiliation for her
  mirrored in their faces.  Carol's hair was tousled, her blouse
  was torn.  But she didn't look sad or frightened, rather she
  looked angry, and after a moment started swearing violently.

    Lisa stared in shock.
    Debbie frowned, "They're waaay outta line this time." she said.
    "Yah." said Lisa, "Let's call security..."
    "No!" snapped Carol.  "No...wait..." she hesitated, uncertain.
  "There's another way." she started, "Something my mother showed
  me once.  I've never wanted to use it." she shivered, her eyes
  filled with rage, "Not till now."
    "What is it?" asked Lisa.
    Carol glanced at her with her green eyes, "Something they'll
  wish they never saw.  Something that'll end all of this." and
  her eyes glittered, "It might even be fun..."

    The girls crowded around her, and listened...


                                 * * * * * *


    It was saturday night after the game.
    The team had been thrashed, as usual.
    The guys were not in a good mood.  Everyone had taken off, including
  several members of the team.  Nine of them remained, they sulked into
  the locker room and headed for the showers.


                                 * * * * * *


    A moment or two after the showers were turned on, a curious white
  steam began to fog drift across the wet tile.  It coiled, shimmered
  with hints of colors.  The water agitated it, awoke it, and without
  warning it made its transition from a floor hugging mist to a room
  filling cloud.

    By the time the nine men had figured out something was wrong, it
  was too late.  They were blinded by the pervasive vapors.  Their
  voices grew fainter to each other, as though separated by distance.
  The driving rain of the showers grew more powerful, more violent,
  pitching heavy bucket sized drops on top of them.  The floor grew
  rougher, grainier under their feet.

    The mist cleared as swiftly as it had formed.  Nine two inch
  tall men stared at each other across what had become a vast
  tiled plain.


                                 * * * * * *


    This was such a bitch.

    It felt like a dream.  We stared at each other, at the room, at
  the still running showers.  Everything was so goddam big.  We met
  near the middle of the room.

    "What the fuck happened?" yelled Steve.
    "It was that mist." said Tom.
    "Man, are we in trouble" cried Doug, "What'd'we do now?"
    "We gotta get out of here." said Dave.
    "Yeah" said Rick, "Get some help."
    "Maybe someone will find us." hoped Steve
    "I ain't waiting for someone" Dave growled, "I want out now."

    The splash guard in the doorway of the shower room was six inches
  tall, which was almost exactly three times the height of any of the
  guys.  Still, it was the only way out of the place, so we clustered
  at the base of the great tiled wall and tested out methods to get
  ourselves out.

    The floor was wet, difficult for good footing, so we settled
  on a sort of pyramid.  With nine men it was enough to get me up to
  the top, and it was still a bit of a jump.  An easy one, though, and
  I started to pull himself up with my arms...

    And stopped.
    Something was blocking my way.
    Or rather, somethings.
    Rather familier looking...
    Then they wiggled, and I screamed, my head fell back, and my
  eyes soared up forever.  I screamed again, louder, and tumbled
  back onto the guys.  There was a great deal of confusion, I
  couldn't find my voice, then Greg started yelling too.  The
  others looked up, and froze in terror.

    There, framed in the door, were three girls.
    Big girls.  Giant girls.
    Gloriously naked.
    Impossibly huge.
    Grinning down at us.
    "Oh, my god!" wailed Dave, "It's the goddam cheerleaders!"


                                 * * * * * *


    Lisa, Debbie, and Carol stared down at the group of tiny men.
  Each felt something a little different, none were sure what they
  were going to do next.  But their presence obviously scared the
  shit out of the miniature men, and that was just fine.  After
  a long moment Carol, as usual, took the lead.
    "Come on, girls." she said, "Let's join 'em."

    Three pair of enormous bare feet padded into the shower room,
  the tiny men scattered before them like buckshot.  Those feet
  were more than twenty-five feet line and ten feet wide, and each
  guy realized that nothing but stringy paste would remain if one
  of the giantesses stepped on him.

    The girls turned under the running showers, and wetted their
  bodies, often turning to look at their little playmates.  They
  laughed among themselves, discussing what to do next.
    "We need an example." said Carol.
    "What do you mean?" asked Lisa.
    "She means, our little boys have to learn what we plan to do to
  them.  Are we still agreed, no prisoners?"
    The others nodded.
    "Great."  laughed Debbie, "I know what I want to do first."
  And she took a step towards the tiny men.  They screamed and scrambled
  to escape.  One of them, Vince, fell heavily, then rolled over
  onto his back, raising one arm to ward off the image of the
  grinning giantess looming over him.

    Debbie stared down at him over the swell of her enormous
  breasts, savoring his terror of her.
    "VINCE." she said, "YOU WALKED ALL OVER ME, YOU ASSHOLE.  I NEVER
  LIKED THE WAY YOU TREATED ME, I STILL HAVE BRUISES.  NOW IT'S SEEMS
  THAT IT'S MY TURN.  IT'S PAYBACK TIME FOR YOU, LITTLE MAN." and she
  she slowly lifted her right foot.  Vince squealed and held up one
  arm.  Water ran off her long toes and rained on him as she lowered
  her foot.  Vince stared at her wrinkled sole like a deer caught in
  headlights.  He never moved as she covered him with her wet barefoot.
  He was a little slippery, but she pinned him down, then she stood there,
  her eyes closed her left hand straying to play with her breast.
  She listened to the screams from beneath her barefoot, mingled
  with the shouts of the other little men.  The other girls waited,
  got impatient.
    "Come on, Debbie." Carol taunted her, "I dare you."

    Debbie smiled sweetly at Carol, placed her hands on her
  hips, and looked down at the little face between her big
  and second toe.  "BYE-BYE, VINCE." she laughed.  Then her face
  turned stern and she pressed down.  There was a hideous shriek
  followed by a horrible grinding crunching noise.  Vince blurted
  his guts as the giant foot crushed him.  Blood and more guts
  rayed out from under Debbie's sole.  She bared her teeth
  and leaned onto her foot, forcing little gobbets of gore to
  ooze out the side and up between her toes.  Then she dragged her
  barefoot along the tile, smearing the pulpy remains in a long
  arc, which washed away with the flowing water.  When she lifted
  her foot, it was clean, Vince's liquified remains went down the
  drain.

    "Well, I guess we don't need to worry about evidence." said
  Carol, and the girls giggled wickedly.

    "Now it's my turn." said Lisa, and she turned around slowly,
  looking at each of the tiny men.  She stopped, grinned, "GREG"
  she said, "YOU HOUNDED ME, PESTERED ME, REMEMBER THAT PARTY
  WHERE YOU CLIMED ON ME AND WOULDN'T GET OFF?  YOU WERE AS BAD AS
  VINCE." she smiled with anticipation.  "I WANT TO DO WHAT DEBBIE
  DID.  I WANT TO FEEL YOU CRUNCH.  TAKE A LOOK AT MY BIG FEET.
  I'M GOING TO CHASE YOU, AND THEN I'M GOING TO STEP ON YOU." and
  she started towards him.

    Greg screamed and ran.
    Which was fine with Lisa, and she followed him, taking long
  lingering strides that easily kept up with him.  Debbie and
  Carol watched eagerly, their eyes shining with excitment.  While
  the other tiny men, cowered in wailing terror, unable to take their
  eyes off the cruel game.

    She toyed with him.
    Her enormous barefeet slapped down, missing him by inches,
  drenching him in splashing water.  Lisa prodded at him with
  her toes, made him run faster.  When he started falling, she
  took to kicking him, harder and harder, knocking him several
  feet at a time.  Finally, he just lay there, staring up at
  the colossal girl standing over him.  Lisa fondled her
  nipples, aroused with her play.  She approached him from the
  side, set one foot next to the other, so her toes made a
  canopy over his tiny body.  She grinned at the other girls
  and slowly pressed down with her toes, until Greg was snug
  beneath them.  His pathetic little wrigglings delighted her
  but she wanted to do what Debbie had done.  In one smooth
  motion she tensed her legs and lifted herself up onto her
  toes, which sank into Greg's body, crushing him like a bug.
  She bounced a little, then stepped off of him.

    Amazingly he was still twitching.
    Lisa looked at him without pity, drew back with her foot
  and kicked him with all her strength.  His little body took
  off like a rocket and splatted three feet up the opposite
  wall, then fell to the floor with a wet thump.  Walking over
  to it Lisa ground him into the floor under her barefoot, till
  nothing remained but a red puddle that washed down the
  drain.

    Carol looked over the remaining men.
    "Well, I guess I'm next." she said, scrutinizing her
  choices.  "JACK.  REMEMBER WHEN YOU DRAGGED ME BEHIND THE
  BLEACHERS?  I CAN STILL FEEL YOUR HAND ON MY ARM.  YOU HURT ME.
  I THINK YOU SHOULD FEEL MY GRIP." and she stood up slowly.
  Jack backed up before her as she loomed closer then panicked
  and ran, but Carol swooped down and picked him up.  "HMMMMM...KINDA
  LIGHT." she said, curling her arm a few times as though he were a
  little hand weight.  She lifted him before her face.  "CAN YOU
  FEEL MY HAND SQUEEZING YOU, JACK?"  Obviously he could because
  he was struggling with renewed urgency, he might as well as
  been trying to stave off an avalanche.  Carol's fingers
  slowly constricted around his body, his breath was crushed out
  of his lungs, and still she tightened.  "GEE, JACK, I'M HARDLY
  PUTTING ANY PRESSURE ON YOU AT ALL, BUT IT SEEMS TO BE GIVING
  YOU TROUBLE." and she laughed.  "GET READY JACK, I'M GONNA PUT
  SOME MUSCLE INTO IT." and her fingers closed around his tiny
  body like a vice.  Jack writhed in her cruel grip, his face
  turning red, then purple.  Carol licked her lips revealing in
  her power over then tiny men.  She clenched her teeth, and
  let her strength flow into her hand.

    With a delightful snap Jack collapsed in her hand like
  a raw egg.  His head spasmed and he spewed out his inards.
  Her fingers grew white at the knuckles as she squeezed him till
  his bones stopped crunching and his guts began to ooze through
  her fingers.  Opening her hand she let his crushed body fall
  to the tiled floor, then ground him into paste under her bare toes.

    "That felt good." she said huskily, rinsing her hand off
  under one of the showers.  "I want more." and she took a
  step towards the little men.  They scattered and she laughed,
  then bent down and grabbed another little man.

    "PETE." she said, "YOU'RE THE JERK WHO LIKES TO GOOSE GIRLS.
  WELL, GUESS WHAT?  MY BIG BEAUTIFUL ASS IS ALL YOURS." and
  sitting down on the wet tile she slid him under her right
  buttock and slowly pressed down on him.  "HMMMMMM..." she
  said, looking at the other tiny men, "I LIKE BEING ON TOP.
  BUT PETE SEEMS TO BE HAVING SOME DIFFICULTY.  I GUESS I'M TOO
  HEAVY FOR HIM.  HMMMMM.  HE'S SQUIRMING, HE'S....OOPS", she
  giggled, and there was a noiseome crunch.  "OOOOOOOOOHHH...HE'S
  TURNED KINDA CREAMY AND SQUISHY." and she wriggled her ass, "HE
  SHOULD BE MORE CAREFUL ABOUT PLAYING WITH A BIG GIRL, LIKE ME."

    "Hey, Carol, enough." said Lisa.
    "Yah, save a few for us." laughed Debbie.
    "So, what do you want to do with them?" asked Carol.
    "Squish 'em." said Lisa.
    "Stomp on them." said Debbie.
    "We've already done that." said Carol.
    The girls pondered a moment.

    "I have an idea." said Lisa.  And she rose to her feet.
  "Where's Doug?" she scanned the tiny men, smiled, stepped
  foward and cornered one of them.  Lifting him by one leg
  she watched his struggles with amusement.  "Doug, here is
  an incurable tit man." she said, "He sneaks grabs from passing
  girls.  Got me more than once." she laid him lengthwise in her
  valley-like cleaveage.  Then cupping her breasts in her
  hands, pressed them together.  "I DUNNO DOUG, I'VE TIT-FUCKED
  DICKS BIGGER THAN YOU." he wailed and thrashed, "OH, GO AHEAD
  AND SCREAM." said Lisa, "IT MAKES ME HOT."  she began grinding
  her tits together, pinching her nipples.   "HMMMMM.  I CAN FEEL
  YOU SQUIRMING.  CAN YOU FEEL IT WHEN I SQUEEZE REEEAL HARD?
  DOUG? OH DEAR, ARE YOU BEING CRUSHED?  TCH, TCH, DIDN'T YOU LISTEN
  TO CAROL?  YOU HAVE TO BE CAREFUL AROUND US BIG GIRLS.  WE LIKE
  TO MAKE OUR LITTLE MEN GO SQUISH." and on the last word she
  increased the pressure until the Doug squealed and was crunched
  between her breasts, then she smeared his pulpy remains over
  her chest, rubbing her nipples.  She washed off, and Doug went
  down the drain.

    Turning she put her hands on her hips and smiled, "Now
  what?  I've had my revenge, I want to play."

    "Let's do something together." said Carol.
    "Yah" said Lisa, "I like that.  What should we do?"
    "I know." said Debbie with an evil grin.
    "What?" said Carol, then she laughed gaily, "Ooooh, yah."
    "What?" asked Lisa, "Do what?"
    "Fuck 'em." said Debbie, "Fuck 'em whole."


                                 * * * * * *


    Dave, Tom and Steve were selected from the remaining four.
    "DON'T WORRY, RICK." Lisa giggled, "WE'LL GET TO YOU."

    The three girls sat down, legs spread wide, making at fence
  around their tiny sextoys.  The girls dared each other with
  their eyes, dared each other to do something.  Debbie started
  the fun, kneading her tits, fondling her body, then she
  started masturbating.  Carol and Lisa watched, then joined
  her.  The three tiny men watched in terror as the gigantic
  girls stoked the fires of their lust, cast every last inhibition
  aside.  The girls finger-fucked with growing abandon, teased
  themselves with orgasms.  Then Debbie stopped, gasping.
    
    "OH GOD," she panted, "I GOTTA FUCK SOMETHING." and reaching
  forward she roughly grabbed Dave with her gigantic hand.
    "I'M GONNA ENJOY YOU." she snarled, and stuffed him between
  her wet thighs, smeared him up and down her wet vulva until he
  was slippery with her juices.  His howls of fear filled her
  with a sense of power.  Without mercy, she savagely crammed his
  miniscule head into her cunt, worked him in passed his
  shoulders and up to his hips.  She let him go, and watched him
  wriggle for a moment, his legs fluttering wildly between the
  lips of her labia, then placing a finger between his legs,
  and with a single thrust, buried him deep within her gorgeous
  body.  When she removed her finger, she licked it clean and
  smiled, then shivered.  "WHOA, THIS IS NICE."

    Carol was more deliberate.
    She inserted Tom feet first into her vagina, working him in and
  out until he was lathered in her cream.  Then she pressed him in
  up to his waist and laid back on the floor.  Flattening her back
  and shifting her pelvis, she spread her legs so Debbie and Lisa
  could see Tom.

    He stood, alone, in the lush forest of her black pubic hairs,
  screaming and struggling, hopelessly trapped in her moist powerful grip.
  Her eyes closed, her the tip of her tongue pressed against her
  upper lip, Carol spread her legs a little and moaned.  Between her
  legs, Tom rose a little, then sank to his chest.  Carol waited a
  moment, tensed, and drew him in a little further.  Tom's wild
  writhings were pleasurable, but distracting, and she took a
  moment to squeeze him tightly.  His struggles grew a little weaker
  and Carol exercised her vagina, and sucked Tom in up to his chin.
  Her labia pressed in around him, he couldn't move his arms without
  a terrible effort.  The flow of Carol's love juices welled up around
  his neck and mouth and threatened to drown him.  Debbie and Lisa
  watched hungrily as Carol moaned, raised her pelvis, and drew Tom
  fully into her vagina.  Her vulva closed over him, smothering his
  last faint cries, and hiding him from view as she sucked him in
  deeper and deeper.

    The girls sighed.
    Lisa looked down at Steve...


                                 * * * * * *


    I watched as Dave was plunged screaming into Debbie's colossal
  pussy, then a moment later Carol slowly engulfed Tom whole with her
  equally enormous cunt.  Both girls moaned and squirmed in obvious
  pleasure.  After a while they settled down and leered evilly at
  me, then looked at Lisa expectantly.

    I stood between Lisa's colossal thighs and stared up at
  her.  She dwarfed me as though I were a mouse.  Her awsome
  presence was inescapable, frightening.  I was aroused by her
  anked beauty, but daunted by her colossal size.  She smiled down
  at me possessively and I shuddered.  I was a pet to her, a toy
  for her amusement, to be used and discarded at a whim.

    And there was worse.
    There was anger.  I remembered how she had screamed when I
  fondled her, how helpless she had been under my power.  I hung
  my head in impotent rage and fear.

    "STEVE."
    I looked up at her.
    "LOOK AT MY PUSSY, STEVE."
    I looked.  How could I help it?  There in the junction between her
  enormous tanned legs was a gargantuan patch of lush blonde hair.  She
  spread herself with her fingers, and exposed her wet pinkness to me.
  The size of her cunt made me tremble, it was so goddam big.  The
  folds in her vulva, wrinkled and glistening with her excitement were
  larger than my entire body.  That part of her clitoris that peeked
  out was the size of a beachball, she stroked it with her fingers,
  smearing it with her cum.  And nestled deep between her inner lips was
  her colossal vagina, and I sweated in fear, I knew what was coming
  next, and I started backing away.

    Something blocked me.  I looked up, it was her finger, pressed
  against my back.  I looked up at her face and blanched, she was
  staring at down me with unabashed lust.

    "GEE, STEVE.  YOU WANTED TO FUCK ME, ONCE.  YOU WERE REAL INSISTANT"
  she giggled, "NOW, I WANT TO FUCK YOU."  she bared her teeth, "ALL OF
  YOU, STEVE.  YOU KNOW, THEY SAY A WOMAN CAN'T RAPE A MAN.  WELL, I'D
  LIKE TO SEE YOU DO THIS.  I'M GONNA RAPE YOUR WHOLE FUCKING BODY WITH
  MY GIANT PUSSY.  I'M GONNA EAT YOU ALIVE." and she began pushing me
  towards her drooling cunt.

    I yelled and pushed back against her finger.  It was like trying to
  stop a train.  My feet slipped on the wet tile.  I twisted, tried to
  drop, but she caught me and kept pushing me, closer and closer.

    I looked up and screamed.
    The expression on her face, it was half rage, half lust,
  it was terrible and beautiful.  I raised my arms and tried
  to fend off her huge vulva.  She grinned and slowly increased
  the pressure upon my back.  I bent my knees, lifted my feet, my
  soles slipped uncontrollably on her glistening labia.  She
  absorbed my terror, delighted in it, the pressured increased.
  My left hand slipped off her nether lip and plunged inside
  striking her vagina.  I heard her laugh.
    "I LOVE IT WHEN YOU STRUGGLE, STEVE."  she pressed harder and
  my other hand slipped inside, I tilted my head back and bucked
  wildly.  The odor of her aroused cunt was mindnumbing.
    "HMMMMMMM...FIGHT ME, STEVE." she giggled, "FIGHT WITH EVERY
  THING YOU'VE GOT.  YOU'RE SOOOOOO HELPLESS.....JUST A TOY FOR
  MY CUNT TO PLAY WITH.  AAAAAHHH...I WANT YOU INSIDE OF ME.
  NOW.  GOODBYE STEVE."
    All my struggles became nothing.  She stuffed me into her
  vagina with contemptuous ease.  Her finger did the rest.
  Thrusting me swiftly and deeply into the wet/hot/tight depths
  of her giant body.  I twisted around, grabbed desparately for her
  huge finger.  The pressure increased as she shoved me further
  in.  I felt her cervix under my feet.

    I clung to her fingernail.
    When she began to withdraw it I moved also.  She stopped,
  tried again, and I slid forward a little further.  Far, far
  away I heard muffled conversation, mingled in the gurglings
  of her body, the omnipresence of her heartbeat.  Suddenly
  the chamber around me constricted, gripping me tightly.  I
  screamed and writhed like a fish, but her finger slipped
  away from me.  I wasn't strong enough to hold onto it.

    I was alone, trapped.
    After it was gone, the pressured lessened, but the
  darkness, the heat, the thick pungent juice remained,
  and the weight of her body was everywhwere.  I struggled for
  air, fought back the flowing cream and the smothering
  flesh of her vagina with my hands, to no avail.

    I was in there for a long while.
    I noticed when she stood up, because all my blood
  raced to my head.  I think she was dancing, because
  I felt a rising and a falling sensation, and a motion
  from side to side.   I heard muffled voices and laughter.
  Every so often she squeezed me with her vagina until I
  writhed.

    Then she laid down again.
    She was obviously agitated, her cunt violently spasmed
  and constricted around me.  The gushing juices began to
  flood her vagina.  During the whole awful ordeal her cunt
  occasionally relaxed and I frantically tried to wriggle
  forward.  I made no real progress, but I did notice something.

    During her great spasms her vagina would dialate, just a
  little.  There were brief glimpses of light, swift draughts
  of air that did not smell like Lisa.

    Then I saw it.
    The tongue.
    Groping into Lisa's cunt.  I shrieked as much for the
  terror of the thing as for the knowledge of what was
  coming.  Nor was I wrong.  I could hear her heartbeat
  quickening, Lisa was writhing herself under the
  ministrations of that mouth.  Her cunt rippled and
  tightened with increasing power.  There was a tremendous rush of
  thick cloying cream, I swallowed it, breathed it, drowned in it.

    Almost.
    With hideous finality I felt her cunt flutter and
  spasm, then tighten like a mighty vice.  No playful squeeze
  this time, but the inexonerable pressure of a giant woman's orgasmic
  convulsion.  I tried weakly to fight against it, but Lisa's
  mighty cunt disdainfuly brushed aside my puny strength, crushed me
  tighter and tighter in mounting delight.  My pathetic wrigglings
  ceased entirely in that fatal grip, the pressure became an all
  encompassing pain.  Bright lights flashed in my head.  Her cream
  spewed out of my mouth, then something saltier, warmer.  I gurgled,
  strangled, but there was to be no mercy from Lisa's vagina.  She
  let her pussy have its way with me.

    Blackness taunted me...
    I heard her lust filled shout of pleasure...
    I...I...
    *ker-RUNCH*


                             * * * * * *


    Lisa ruthlessly pressed the tiny man between the folds
  of her vulva with her forefinger.  His little wails of fear
  were muffled then silenced as she plunged him deeper
  and deeper.  All the way to the knuckle.  Then she
  tried to pull her finger out.  Frowned, and tried again.
    "What's wrong." asked Carol.
    "He's holding onto my finger." Lisa complained.
    "So, you're bigger, hold him with your cunt."
    Lisa closed her eyes, her muscles tensed, she smiled
  and slowly pulled her finger out.  "Mmmmmmmmm." she
  said, "He's squirming."
    "So's mine." said Debbie.
    "Wait...wait...ahhhhhhh.....mine too." sighed Carol.
    The girls lay on their backs, warm water splashing
  around them and practised their keigles on their
  little men.

    After a while Debbie got up, staggering a little drunkenly
  into the locker room.  She returned a moment later with a
  small radio, set it on the floor and cranked up the music.
    "I gotta dance." she explained.  "I never rocked with
  a guy like this before.  God, I feel like I'm gonna cum
  any second."
    Lisa and Carol were delighted with the whole idea,
  and they rose up and began to sway to the music.

    They danced.
    "COME ON RICK, JOIN US." laughed Lisa and she
  kicked him into the middle of the floor.  The girls
  surrounded him, towered over him like skyscrapers,
  he cowered as their barefeet shuffled and stepped
  around him.  The girls gyrated, bumped hips.  Water
  splashed under their barefeet.  Their breasts wobbled
  and jiggled, they danced for Rick, they danced for
  each other.

    The sight of the last terrified little man.
    The music.
    The bodies helplessly squirming within them.
    The dancing became more deliberate, more intense.  There
  was more touching.  The girls rubbed their watersoaked breasts
  together, began to fondle each other.

    Suddenly they were on the floor.
    Carol straddled Lisa's face.  Debbie lay between Lisa's
  legs and started licking her cunt.  The two girls were moaning
  and writhing, nearing their orgasms.  Debbie paused long enough
  to grab Rick, just feeling him squirming in her hand, along with
  Dave trapped within her cunt was driving her crazy.  All three
  girls were straining towards release.  Carol was first she
  screamed with pleasure, her hands squeezing and rubbing her
  breasts, her vagina spasmed and broke Tom.  Lisa was next, her
  eyes opened wide as she felt the building resistence Tom's writhing
  body gave her cunt, then she groaned in extasy as she felt her
  vagina squeeze and crush him without mercy.  Debbie was last,
  she sat back on her heels, driven to distraction by Dave's
  futil thrashings.  She kissed Rick, battered him with her tongue,
  then whispered.
    "RICK, I'M GONNA CUM.  FEEL ME CRUSH DAVE."
    And she lowered him between her legs, pressed him against her
  vulva.  She groaned, her body twitched, Dave was ground to pulp
  in her orgasm.  Rick almost thought he heard the crunch.  He
  looked up, Debbie was looking down with a orgasmic twinkle in her
  eye.
    "HMMMMMMM...THAT WAS NICE." she murmured.  And she idly rubbed
  Rick over her vulva while she rode the lee side of her pleasure.

    Carol and Lisa were also coming down from their orgasms.  Lisa
  was completely relaxed.  Carol was fingering herself, after a
  while she pulled Tom out.  Debbie ejected Dave with no effort.
  Lisa had trouble, so they forced Rick to go in after Steve's
  mangled remains, while Debbie held onto his feet.

    They looked at the ground up remains of their little sextoys.
    "They sure are fragile." said Lisa.
    "Yah" said Carol, "I want to do it again."
    "Me too." said Debbie.  "Right now."
    Lisa washed the remains down the drain.  "You two work it out."
  she said, "I need a rest."

    Carol and Debbie looked at Rick, still cowering in Debbie's
  fist...


                             * * * * * *


    "Damn" complained Debbie, "Only one little man left." she
  looked Rick up and down with disdain, then smiled at Carol,
  "I guess we'll have to share."

    "Wait" Carol laughed, "Let me go to my purse."  she returned
  with a little white bottle.  Taking Rick from Debbie, and holding
  him in her hand she sprinkled him with a infinitessimal amount
  of the stuff.  He suddenly grew, expanding from a mere two inches
  to a much more manageble eight inches.

    He screamed and struggled with increased strength, but Carol
  was not impressed and sitting on the tiled floor, spread her
  legs wide and effortessly thrust his legs into her cunt, pressing
  him in up to his waist, then she laid down.  Lisa giggled and
  helped, holding the screaming, struggling little man, pinning his
  arms to his sides while Debbie lowered herself onto him, engulfing
  his head shoulders and chest in her own seemingly bottomless pussy.

    The two girls looked into each other's eyes.
    "He's pretty wild." said Carol.
    "Yah" said Debbie and she closed her eyes and "oooooooo'ed".

    First they started easy, gently humping each other.  Lisa helped
  keep Rick from sliding too far one way or the other.  Then Debbie
  and Carol stopped.
    "What's wrong?" asked Lisa.
    "He stopped squirming." complained Debbie.
    "Did he..." said Lisa, "wait a second." and she reached between
  the two girls crotches, she fumbled about with her fingers, then
  grined maliciously.
    Suddenly Debbie started moaning, then Carol.
    "Oh God." gasped Debbie, "What'd you do to him?"
    "I crushed his cock and balls.  Is he moving now?"
    "Oh....Oh....Oh"

    Both girls moaned with pleasure as Rick's body writhed helplessly
  within the merciless grips of their vaginas.  They began to hump
  each other again, and grind their cunts together.  Occasional
  glimpses of Rick showed as they fucked him and each other
  with greater and wilder abandon.

    Lisa watched breathlessly.
    "Ohhhhhh...." moaned Debbie, "I'm gonna cum all over this
  little bastard."
    "Wait....wait..." Carol panted, "Together...make him...
  make him squish."  and they moved harder, faster.  Suddenly
  both girls began wailing, Lisa heard obscene crunching
  noises between Debbie and Carol's legs.  One of Rick'a arms
  was poking out, and it twitched and spasmed as the giant
  girls crushed him in their shared orgasm.  Debbie and Carol
  kept up the furious tempo, their cunts wrapped like fists
  around Rick's broken body.  After a long while they
  settled down.  Then they began to tug, playfully fighting
  over him.  Suddenly he slipped out of Debbie's cunt and
  Carol laughed, he was still twitching a little, but Debbie
  drove forward again and mashed Rick between their clits.
  The aweful warm mess felt so good that they once more
  increased the tempo, smashing and crushing the ruined little
  man until they climaxed again.

    Lisa reached forward and picked up the twisted broken
  thing that had been a tiny man just a few moments ago.
  She crushed it further in her hand, then washed it down the
  drain.
    "Well, that's it." she said.  "We're committed.  We can
  either brave it out, or take the initiative."

    Debbie and Carol lay flat upon the floor, exhausted from
  their lovemaking.  After a moment, Carol sighed and stretched.
    "I say, stick with the plan." she said.
    "This stuff you used on him." said Debbie, "Is there enough?"
    "Yeeees." Carol drawled.
    "How big?"
    "How big you wanna be?  There's a gallon for each of us."
    "Where's the car?"
    "Near the gym door."

    Debbie mused a moment, "Well, I don't see much point in
  waiting?  I'm gonna go to the car."
    Lisa looked down, "Should I put some clothes on?"
    Debbie snorted, "Get real girl, you're not gonna need them."
    Carol stood up, "It's saturday night, girls.  Let's party."

    The three girls left the showers, their laughing voices
  diminishing, fading.  Far away a door opened and closed.


                            * * * * * *


    They left the showers running.
    It didn't matter.
    A couple hours later the water service went out...

  ...End...
