Showing my Younger Daughter How
An Erotic Story

   "Come here Suzy," I said, "I promised your little sister I'd show her
how I squirt the white stuff that makes babies in your vagina." "But
Daddy!" the little 12-year-old squealed, "My period's NEXT week. What if I.
. ." "Get pregnant? Have a baby?" I finished for her. Chrissie nodded.
"That's the idea," I said. "I promised your sister I would show her how
babies were made, and can you think of a better way to show her, than by
doing it?" I motioned to Suzy to spread her legs a little bit more, so that
I could get between them. Suzy looked at me, kinda surprised. I mean, after
all the lessons about precautions, and how to avoid getting pregnant, to
have her own father actually impregnate her, was a big step for such a
little girl. Diane was watching with eyes as big as saucers. "Are your
really going to do it?" she asked. "Are your really going to make a baby in
Suzy?" "Uhuh," I said, as I felt the familiar tightness of my daughter's
cunny surround the head of my cum-leaking penis. I pushed in a little more,
bringing a gasp from Suzy, and an echoing gasp from her little sister, as
she watched my engorged penis vanish into her big sister's body. "You too,"
I continued, as I inched more and more of my cock into her sister, "if you
want me to, that is." Feeling my big cock inside her tight little slit, is
always enough to get Suzy to cum. This time was no different. I had barely
bottomed out in the little girl, when I saw ripples run down her flat
little tummy, and her vagina started squeezing on my fat cock, like a
milking machine. It was too much for me, too. "Look," I groaned, "Daddy's
going to do it. Your father is going to squirt the thick sticky white stuff
up in his little girl's belly, and get her pregnant. Oh Suzy! Daddy loves
you very much. Take your father's sperm in that cute little tummy of yours,
and let me make a baby in my little girl. Oh Suzy. Oh. Oh! OOOOhoooohhhhh!"
"Do it Daddy," encouraged the object of my incestuous lust. "Fuck me, and
knock me up. Please Daddy. Please?" The thought that my little girl
actually WANTED me to get her pregnant, was too much. I began spouting gout
after thick sticky gout of incestuous sperm in my own daughter's tightly
squeezing vagina, as I did my best to reproduce in my own daughter. Suzy
worked just as hard, trying to accomplish the same end. All good things
have to end sometime, and good sex seems to last for shorter periods than
most good times. Still, I wouldn't trade the pleasure I got from knocking
up my own daughter for all the money in the world. I finally pulled my
wilting, cum-dribbling penis, from the body of my eldest daughter. "See,"
I said to Diane. "That sticky white stuff dribbling out of your sister, is
the stuff that makes babies in little girls, if they're not careful. In a
few minutes, if you're good, I'll make a baby in you, too." "Really Daddy,"
asked the little 10-year-old, "promise?" Knowing the little girl had been
having periods for over 3 months already; I felt safe in answering,
"Promise."
