Archive-name: Family/showoff1.txt
Archive-author: Sexy Brunette
Archive-title: Showoff - 1
                             

     I swear, I can almost come just knowing that someone is watching me.
And, I have found plenty of opportunities to let them.  Even when I was
very young, about 12 or 13, I can remember actually posing in front of my
bedroom window, touching myself, regularly, while some men and some boys
from across the way would watch and jerk off.  I supposed they thought I
couldn't see them.  But several times a week I would do it and they would
always be there, waiting with their lights turned out, hoping I would give
them a show.
     Even now I will walk around the house naked with the lights on and the
drapes open when I know that some man or boy can see.  My husband really
enjoys my exhibitionism, and encourages it.  So the house rule, almost
never broken, is that I have to find a way to show myself naked,
"accidentally" perhaps to every male who comes into the house.  So far this
has included relatives, delivery boys, friends of friends and unsuspecting
but appreciative acquaintances.
      My earliest serious sexual experiences combined my exhibitionism with
masturbation.  As I said, roughly, when I was about 13 or 12 I used to
exhibit myself at the bedroom window of my house.  In particular there was
a family of brothers across the back alley who I began by letting them see
me partially undressed with my shades open.  Of course at first I couldn't
even tell if anyone was looking but as time went on I became bolder and
would sit with my lights out until one of the brothers would appear in a
room where I could see him or them.  Then I would turn on my light and
pretend not to see them as I got down to my underwear and walk around the
room, brush my hair and so on.
     As time went on I would leave my room as if to go to the shower and go
to the room next door and look to see if anyone was watching. What I
discovered was that three or four boys were sitting together peeking out of
the darkened room. After a while I would go back to my room with only a
towel wrapped around me and, after what must have been weeks of just
teasing like that, with my heart pounding with terror, I finally just let
the towel drop off me.  For awhile I would just dress quickly but sometimes
would stand casually brushing my hair, moving in and out of their angle of
vision, but ultimately making sure that they could see all they wanted.
Things were held at just that level for awhile but as time went on I became
more bold.
     I began touching myself, my breasts and then my cunt, although they
were still hidden away.  After some amount of time, I don't remember how
long, after I put my light out I noticed a light shining into my window and
saw that one of the brothers was returning the view --he was standing near
the window with the lights on, jerking off for me.  I came, right there,
instantly.  As that became part of the game I became more explicit, less
pretending that I was only accidentally letting them see me.  As luck would
have it, one night my brother was visiting another house on the back street
and he saw me putting on my show.
     He came out their back door and when I saw him coming I quickly shut
out my light and pulled the covers over me.  To my alarm he came directly
to my bedroom.  Although I was pretending to be asleep he said that he saw
what I was doing and that he would tell our parents unless I masturbated
right then for him to watch.  So I did.  And things went from there --
about which more another time.
      My husband really gets off on my exposing myself and has found
different and entertaining ways to do it.  How it is done depends entirely
on who it is and what we wanted for him/them to see.  At the college
library the freshmen got my cunt peeking out from a dress left open in the
front.
     The fifteen year old who lives next door occasionally sees me naked
through a window.  My younger brother got a dropped towel in the hallway.
One thing that I really would like to do but haven't yet is a game a strip
poker in which I lose and lose quickly, then have to masturbate while
everyone watches and finally get fucked by the winner for everyone to see.
Oh well that's enough for now.  Watch for the next installment.



                               Showoff II
                            by Sexy Brunette

     In general, the more forbidden the situation, the more exciting it is
for me.  This is why I especially like letting young boys see me.  Not too
long ago I stayed overnight at my sister's house.  The house is tiny, so to
make room for me she took the younger son, who is about 9, into her room.
I took his bed, a twin bed in a tiny room with my older nephew.  This, I
thought, was really going to be fun.
     When I went to bed (his room is on the third floor) I made sure to
make enough noise to rouse him.  Just to be sure I actually turned on the
light 'til I was sure he was awake, although he was pretending to still be
asleep.  Then I turned out the light, though the hallway light was still
on, and slowly got completely undressed.  When I was naked, I stood next to
my bed which was only about two or three feet from his, and calmly lit a
cigarette.  Then I stood looking out of the window at the foot of the bed.
After the cigarette was finished I walked over to the dresser and brushed
my hair by the light coming from the hall.  Then, though I know this will
be hard to believe, my cunt was dripping so badly I went back to my bed,
lay back sort of half sitting up, and began to masturbate and did so until
I came a couple of times, moaning.
     All the while he lay there holding his breath, not moving, his head
just slightly inclined toward me.  The whole episode must have taken almost
an hour, and he didn't move the whole time.  As soon as I finally stopped
and rolled over, he got up and went to the bathroom, I guess to jerk off.
I imagine that his young balls must have been aching.
     What I most like about showing myself to very young men and boys is
that they always have to leave the room to go jerk off.  Last summer, I had
a 16 year old boy painting in the house.  While he was working in the
living room, I got up on a step stool in the stairwell, on the pretext of
examining some woodwork.  Of course I was wearing only a tiny men's tee
shirt with no panties. When I stretched my hands up the shirt came almost
up to my waist.
     He, meanwhile, had a very clear view of my ass and cunt which I
suspect he very much liked since he kept finding reasons to leave what he
was doing and come over to the stairs.  That was a particularly good day
since later my brother-in-law came over and I gave him the exact same
treatment, which was a first for him.  The upshot of this is that I don't
have any trouble finding anyone to help do work on the house.
     Here's something that has worked for me and is even legitimate -- well
maybe semi-legitimate.  Once or twice a girlfriend of mine hosted an erotic
lingerie party, sort of X-rated Tupperware.  One of the activities is when
the demonstrators ask if any of the women want to model the lingerie for
the boyfriends and husbands.  Of course almost everybody does something but
most of the women find the most modest possible outfit to model and
essentially just rush downstairs in it, run through the room and rush back
upstairs even though the men are dying for more.
     What I did was find the least modest outfit possible, and show it
provocatively.  It was black lace see through through panties and the top
was only string fringe that fell over my breasts but did much more to show
them off than to hide them.  It was more shocking than if I were just
naked, since no one could really object but I was as exposed as possible.
My breasts were just being caressed by the fringe which called attention to
them more than it hid them.  The panties were barely there; my cunt hair
was accentuated as the white of my ass and belly stood out beneath the
black lace.
     The men at first became completely quiet, then realizing that calling
attention to me would make it forbidden they began to cheer me even more
than the others.  Even the women loved it and it inspired some of them to
be a bit more bold!
     One of my very favorite stories was only very recently and involved my
husband and me planning a display.  We invited over to our house a
neighborhood boy, who occasionally mows our lawn and who we occasionally
help with schoolwork, on the pretext of playing ping pong with my husband.
The kid is about 15 or so, skinny, blonde hair, and generally crazed with
puberty.
     Tom, my husband, took him into the basement playroom and began the
game.  As prearranged I just stopped in to say hello and that I was going
up to take a shower.  After a short while I called down on the intercom to
tell Tom that I had left my cigarettes downstairs and could he please bring
them up.  He tossed them to the boy and asked him to take care of it.  Of
course, how was I to know who was bringing the cigarettes upstairs?  By the
time he arrived I was brushing my hair over my face, the radio playing so I
could not hear him coming, my bedroom door partly ajar so he could see in
from the hallway without my seeing him.
     I was naked of course, and standing in front of my full length mirror
so he could get a full view of me, front and back.  But that's not the best
part.  As we anticipated, the surprise was really too much for him; he
couldn't really enjoy the view, being too nervous and afraid to take his
time. He immediately coughed as if he had just come into the hallway and I
modestly covered myself as he came to the door.  But, as I said, we
suspected just that reaction, so that when he went back to the ping pong
table Tom very soon arranged to throw his back out -- the kid knows he has
a bad back, it's why he does our lawn work.
     Tom feigned that he was in a lot of pain and had to lie on the
recliner in the playroom.  After a couple of minutes, he asked the kid to
get a beer from the refrigerator on the first floor.  It was summertime and
was pretty hot.  When the boy came back down, Tom said that he was out of
action for awhile and asked him to take a beer up to me and entertain
himself at the computer for awhile until Tom's back recovered enough to
continue the game.  Well this was a stroke of genius because the kid now
had free run to move about between floors without worry that his absence
would be noticed.
     Of course, in the short time since his earlier trip up to the second
floor he had had ample time to kick himself for not really taking advantage
of the situation.  This time he was determined to be much more stealthy.
As soon as he left the playroom Tom gave me a quick buzz on the intercom to
alert me and I displayed myself even more boldly than before.  Now I stood
in front of the mirror, with a cassette playing pretty loudly, and dancing
provocatively.  I could just catch enough movement through the doorway to
know that he had arrived and was just standing, hidden away, watching.
After a short while I began to touch my breasts, then my ass, finally my
cunt.
     After several minutes of touching myself in that fashion, I lay back
on the bed, with my head positioned so there was no danger of seeing into
the hallway and began to masturbate in earnest.  I made sure to turn all
around to give him a very good view of my whole body, and slowly began to
moan softly, then more loudly.  At last I sighed and lay back, exhausted,
and I heard him creep away.  The show had lasted about half an hour.
Though I never did get my beer when I came downstairs a little while later,
he had a little damp stain on the front of his pants.

--
