Archive-name: Family/showoff3.txt
Archive-author: Sexy Brunette
Archive-title: Showoff - 3


The cool air of the apartment was refreshing.  The day was hot and,
after watching the show Stephanie put on for John, so was I.  I put on
the television for John's two little nieces and asked Ste to show John
where he could change clothes.  She took him to my bedroom and came back
into the living room.  "Did you take care of John?" I asked.

"He wants to see you in the bedroom." she said.

I went to the bedroom to find John sitting on the end of the bed.
"What's up?"  I asked.  "Why haven't you taken your shorts off.  I thought
you wanted them washed."

"I do."  He said.  "It's just that...well, I don't have any underpants on.
I don't have anything to wear while you wash my shorts."

"I have something you can use."  I said.  "Take off your shorts, I'll be
right back."  I went to the bathroom and got a terry cloth wrap around
that fastened with velcro for him to use and headed back for the bedroom.
When I got there, he was sitting on the edge of the bed with nothing
on but his tee shirt, high top tennis shoes and socks.  I hadn't seen
a boy his age naked since I was that age myself.  He was fantastic.
Smooth, muscular legs and the cutest face I had seen in some time.
I wondered why I hadn't noticed that before?  "Here you go,"  I said,
holding the wrap out to him.  Unconsciously, I had stood away from him so
he would have to get up and walk over to me to get the wrap.  When he did,
I was treated to the sight of a perfect teen aged cock that was about
5 inches long with a perfect triangle of hair above the base of it.
There was no hair at all on his balls.

"You have a pretty good sized cock for a boy your age, John."  I said
as I reached out and took it into the palm of my hand, weighing it.

"Hey!  What are you doing?"  He asked, surprised that I had taken his
cock into my hand.  "Your a guy!"

"Relax," I replied, "you're going to like this."  I backed him up to the
bed and he sat down.  Then I put my hands on his muscular chest and pushed
him back.  As I rubbed my way down over his chest and tight stomach,
his legs automatically parted.  I could see that he was getting excited,
as his dick was on the rise.  He was also breathing fast and shallow.
I wrapped my fingers around his hairless balls and gently squeezed.
"Oooohhhhh!" he moaned.  "That feels nice."

"Do you like having your balls played with?" I asked as I wrapped my
other fist around his rock hard dick and started stroking it.  He was
already starting to leak pre cum.

"Yes, OH!, that feels good too," he exclaimed as I licked the pre cum
from the head of his cock with a long slow movement of my tongue, much
like I would lick an ice cream cone.  "Can you put it in your mouth?
I have seen pictures of that in books that my dad has.  I have tried to
get my nieces to do it, but they think it's yucky."

Hearing this, I went all the way down on him in one swift movement.
I could feel his cock throbbing at the back of my throat as I applied all
the suction I could muster.  Then I moved my mouth back up and fluttered
the tip of my tongue against his pis slit.  Almost immediately, I felt
him start to shake.  I reached up and cupped a cheek of his ass in each
of my hands, pressing my thumbs against his tight little brown ring
and squeezing.

"OH SHIT!!!!  AAAAIIIIEEEEEEE!"  he shouted as he shot his teenaged cum
into my mouth.  I sucked for all I was worth, knowing that he had never
shot into another person's mouth.  I wanted him to remember his first
blowjob for the rest of his life.  He shot six or seven times and then
began to jump every time I moved up and down on him.  I knew he was super
sensitive at that point, so I stopped and just held him in my mouth as
his cock softened.  When I finally released him, he lay back with his
eyes closed and a happy grin on his face.  "Did you like it?" I asked.

"That was the best ever!  I knew it would feel good, but I never thought
it would be like that.  I never came that good."

"Come on John, put the wrap on and let's get your shorts into the wash."
He headed for the bathroom to get dressed and I turned to leave the
bedroom.  There, standing in the doorway, was Ste.  One of her hands
held up the front of her dress and the other was thrust down the front
of her tight little panties.  I could see through the material that she
was rubbing her little slit with her fingers.  "How long have you been
standing there?" I asked.

"Long enough to see you sucking his thing.  Did you like that?"

"Of course, it tasted very good when he shot in my mouth.  Did you like
watching it?"

"Yes.  It really made my little pussy tingle.  I had to rub it to make
it feel better.  Do you think I could try that sometime?"

"If you want to.  Did you want to do it with John, or with me?"

"I want to do it with you first.  Does it feel good like when you lick
my pussy?  I really like that!"

"Yes," I said.  "It feels very good.  And I want you to do it to me
real bad.  First, though, we have to wash John's shorts.  When you showed
off to him on the playground, you made him shoot his sperm in his pants.
Now you have to clean them out for him."

"Oh, goody!  I get to see his sperm, UHF, what else did you call it
before?"

"You mean 'cum'?"

"Yeah, that's it...cum.  I like that word better.  CUM, CUM, CUM!"
We went out to the living room to wait for John to bring his soiled
shorts out.

The twins were sitting on the floor watching the television.  "Where have
you been?" they asked in unison.  They were so cute, sitting there in
little sun suits that were just a little bit too small.  They were pulled
up tight against their little cunts.  I could clearly see the outlines
of the lips of their little pussies.

"I was getting John something to wear" I said.  "What have you two been
up to?  By the way, my name is Mark and this is Stephanie.  What are
your names?"

"I'm June and this is Jane" one of them said.  They were identical.
I had no idea how anyone would ever tell them apart.  Just about then,
John walked into the room.  He had the terry wrap around his waist, but
he had taken off his tee shirt, shoes and socks.  He looked wonderful.
The girls obviously thought so too, as they were all looking at him as
if he were a Greek God or something.  He sat down on the sofa rather
immodestly, with his legs slightly spread apart.  His two nieces looked
as if they had seen him sit like this before.  They quickly repositioned
themselves on the floor so they could look up between his legs.

He had his shorts in his hand, and looked at me before saying, "well Mark,
are you going to wash these shorts?  They are really a mess."

"Well," I said, "Stephanie is the one that made you mess them up, so I
think she should be the one to clean them up.  Don't you agree?"

"I think so." he said as he held the shorts out to Steph.

As she took them, she held them by the waist and opened them so she
could see down to the crotch where John had spilled his cum.  "How am
I supposed to get it out?" she asked.

"Well," I answered, "you could take them into the bathroom and rinse
them out under the faucet.  Another way to clean them would be to lick
them out."

"Yuck!!  I couldn't do that.....could I?  What would it taste like?"

As I looked over to where John was sitting, I could see that this talk
was having a definite effect on the state of his cock.  I could see a
rise in the terry cloth wrap.  I also notice that the rise in the wrap
had not gone unnoticed by his two young nieces.  They were whispering
to one another, and Jane was pointing toward his rapidly inflating cock.

"Bring them here, Steph" I said.  She handed me the shorts and I turned
them inside out to expose the wet spot.  The cum had pretty much soaked
into the shorts, so I had to put them into my mouth and suck them to
get a good taste of his cum.  This excited Steph.  She was getting
closer and closer all the time.  All I had to do was hold them out to
her and say "Taste for yourself" to get her to open her little mouth.
I put the cum stained shorts into her mouth and told her to suck on them.

"MMMMMMmmmmmm" she moaned, "that tastes good."  She must have sucked on
them for about five minutes.  "It's all gone" she said, "I can't taste
it any more.  I'll put them in the dryer now."

While Steph went into the washroom to put the shorts into the dryer,
the twins took advantage of her absence to move over and sit at the feet
of their young uncle.  "You're not wearing any underpants, Uncle John."
Jane said.  "I can see your thingy.  And it's getting hard, do you want
me and June to play with it like we do sometimes?"

John looked nervously at me, wondering what in the hell he should do.
I just winked and nodded at him.  As soon as I had given him the 'go
ahead' he spread his knees apart causing the little terry cloth wrap
to split in the front clear up to his waist.  His hard cock pointed
straight up to the ceiling.  Jane and June both wrapped their little
hands around his cock.  It looked like they were grabbing a bat in a
baseball game to see who would be up first.  His dick wasn't that big,
but their little hands barely reached around its girth.  They both giggled
in their little girl way as he laid his head back on the sofa in ecstasy.
The two kids were stroking his cock in a manner that showed they had
practice in the past.  About that time, Stephanie walked into the room.

"I put the sho.....What are you doing!!!??"  Her little mouth was
hanging open as she looked at the two little girls jerking on their
uncle's hard dick.  "I want to have fun too, Uncle Mark!"  She reached
up under her short dress and made a move as if to pull her panties down,

"Wait!!!" John yelled. "I want to take them off."  "Come here Stephanie."
Steph walked over and stood between his knees.  The twins had moved back a
little and were both rubbing their little cunts through their sun suits.
My cock was straining at my zipper so hard, I just had to let it out.
I pulled it down.  The noise attracted June's attention and she hit her
sister on her arm as she moved over to sit between my legs.  Jane was
right behind her.

"OK, start undressing me" Steph said.  John grabbed the hem of the
short dress and pulled it over her head.  The sight of her protruding
little nipples nearly drove him crazy.  He placed his hands on the
sides of her narrow chest and roughly thumbed her tight little tits.
"OOOOoooHHHHHhhh!!!!"  I was surprised at the reaction.  I thought she
was too young to react so fully to stimulation of her tiny tit buds.
Next, he hooked his thumbs into the waistband of her panties and
started to pull them down.  As her ass came into view, I felt one of
the twins wrap her tiny hand around the base of my cock.  John pushed
the panties over the mound of her ass and down to her feet.  His eyes
were immediately attracted to the hairless mound of her little cunt.
"Do you like my pussy?"  she asked, knowing the answer by the look on
his face.  "Uncle Mark likes to lick it.  Do you want to try that?"

"Can I?"  John asked, looking at me.

"That's up to Steph," I said.  "You have to ask her."  That was
unnecessary.  Steph had laid back on the floor, lifted her short
dress up over her tits and laid her slim legs out flat on the floor.
Her little pussy was so swollen with excitement, it didn't even open up.
Her fat, hairless mound was bright pink and cunt juice glistened along
the tight slit.

"Lick it for me.  Lick it hard like Uncle Mark does."   John got down on
his knees and started to go to work on her hot pussy.  She was grinding
it up against his face and moaning loudly.

By this time, both twins were working my cock and it was soaking wet
from pre cum.  I remembered what Steph had said about wanting to suck
my cock and got up off the sofa to kneel at her head.  "Play with Uncle
John's prick."  I told the girls.  They went right at it, wrapping
their little hands around his hard rod and starting to jerk it expertly.
"Are you ready to suck me Steph?" I asked.

"MMMmmmmHHHMMM!" she moaned, licking her lips and looking up at my rock
hard cock waving above her face.  I put the head against her lips and
smeared my pre cum all over them and her cheeks.

"Open your mouth now baby.  Take it for me."  I said.  She opened her
mouth wide and I pressed into her.  I couldn't believe how hot her
little mouth was.  I felt her teeth scrape against the head of my cock.
She was definitely inexperienced, but the sharp edge of her teeth on
my sensitive dick only served to bring me closer to cumming.  I pushed
into her face until she started to gag, then backed off so she could pay
more attention to the head.  She was doing a wonderful job considering
the difficulty she was having breathing because of my cock stuck in her
mouth and the action in her crotch.

John was eating he little cunt with relish as his nieces worked
his dick.  From the movement of his hips, I could tell he was close to
the edge.  So was I, and it looked as if Steph was going to get off too.
Watching the two of them go at it, and listening to the twins giggling
and talking about seeing John's 'thingy' squirting was too much for me.
I began blasting into Steph's mouth.  Load after load of my cum shot into
her tiny mouth.  At first she choked, but after the first shot or two,
she started to swallow it all.  Just about that time, her hips went into
overtime as she climaxed against the 14 year old boy's face.

John valiantly rode her out until she finally relaxed against the carpet.
He then rose up on his knees as his two little nieces jerked on his cock.
He clenched his teeth and reared back as he began to shoot his cum all
over Stephanie.  The first shot almost went over her head, landing on her
forehead and right cheek.  The second landed directly on her left tit.
The remainder of his cum went on her tight stomach and bald little cunt.

The twins, being the only ones in the room that hadn't gotten off, started
rubbing the cum around on Steph's stomach.  Then Jane, being a little
bolder than her sister, reached down and rubbed some of the sperm directly
into Stephanie's virgin pussy.  Steph's legs first jerked up, then out
as the pleasurable feeling spread throughout her crotch and stomach.

--
