Archive-name: 3plus/showtim.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: True Story, A


   Earlier this month, a girlfriend and I were sitting around looking for a
good movie to go see.  It seemed that most of the good movies were playing in
theaters that charged high prices, and we were looking over the ads when Kay
began to laugh.
   "Oh boy! How about 'Hot Nights' and 'Fiona on fire'?" Kay said.
   Kay and I had been friends for a long time, even sharing a guy in bed once,
and I laughed too, knowing that she was kidding.  We kept looking over the ads
but nothing was playing close to home that we wanted to go see, yet we both
wanted to get out of the house for a while.
   "Why not?" Kay asked later. "I've never been to one before."
   It took me a second to realize that she was seriously suggesting that we go
to an adult movie, in a theater.  We'd both seen pornos on tape, with our own
boyfriends, but never together, and never with each other.
   "No, I'm not wild about those things." I said.  Too many of the movies are
made for men, and women get treated a sex objects.  Sometimes, if the mood is
right, that's okay, but not generally.
   "Well, I want to do SOMETHING tonight." Kay said.
   We were still debating driving several miles out of town to see a movie when
Sam called.  Sam is a good friend of mine, good looking, and fun to be with.
He'd called to ask me if I were going to a club meeting that weekend and Kay,
knowing who was on the phone, decided to joke around with Sam.
   "Wanna take a couple of girls to a porno movie?" Kay yelled so Sam would
hear her.
   "Sure, sounds like fun." was Sam's calm reply.
   "Debbi, are you okay?" Kay asked me when I looked at her. I'm sure my face
showed shock at Sam's quick reply.
   "Umm, Kay was teasing Sam." I said, giving Kay a stern look. Kay laughed,
realizing that Sam had agreed.
   "No I wasn't, get your ass over here and let's go!" Kay laughingly yelled.
   Sam chuckled. "If you want to go, I know a new movie that's playing here in
town.  And Hustler said it was pretty good."
   "Riiight!" I said back. "Hustler said it was pretty good. That makes all the
difference in the world!"
   After some more bickering, Sam finally decided to come over, since he only
lived around the corner.  When I hung up the phone, I gave Kay a stern look and
chewed on her royally for getting Sam all keyed up.
   Five minutes later, Sam knocked on the door and came in. After a few kisses
and hugs, he sat down and pulled out a copy of the Hustler men's magazine and
showed us the review.  After reading about how the plot was decent and the
acting was decent, Kay was all set to go.  Of course, that's Kay, anything to
do with sex gets her motor going.
   Sam knows I like women as well as men (sometimes better), but Kay didn't,
and he pointed to a paragraph and let me read it. It said that the movie had
one of the hottest bi-girl scenes in years, with a suprise twist at the end.
I wasn't completely convinced.  Kay took the magazine and read the review over
while Sam said that he should have brought over some tapes.
   "Oooooo!" Kay exclaimed. "There's a scene were a girl takes on three guys
and a girl!"
   We looked at Kay, Sam probably because she's always so enthusiastic about
sex, and me because I was wondering if Kay was also bi, or just all around
eager.  At long last, we finally decided to go, with me being the reluctant
one.  Sam drove, and during the ride, Sam told us what to expect once we got
to the theater, and that we might see some guy jacking off in the audience.

   We got to the theater and inside, finding some seats near the back five or
six rows.  The movie had just started, with the credits rolling along. Kay and
I sat next to each other, with Sam sitting next to Kay.  The movie started and
I watched as the actors went through their scenes.  Like most movies, they got
into sex pretty fast, and as a gal took her "husband" anally, I looked around
the theater.  Sure enough, there was a guy one row back with his hand moving up
and down in his lap.  A strange feeling came over me, and I found myself get-
ting just a little bit aroused.  The movie continued and I half watched it, and
half watched the audience. They were mostly men, with a few couples here and
there.  Several rows in front and over was a couple, and it was obvious that
her hand was working in his lap as I could see her shoulder moving in a steady
rhythm.
   I'd been half watching the movie, and a guy had just finished with a woman
who was supposedly married.  The old "quick! My husband!" routine followed and
he left via the window.  It wasn't her husband, but another woman. They both
got hot and heavy, with the new girl licking the guy's sperm from her stomach,
then they got into dildos.  The scene was really hot, and I felt myself watching
intently. I could almost feel their thrusts and my panties were getting really
wet.  They used a pair of huge double-headed dildos, one in their pussies and
the other in their asses, and really began rocking each other.  I was getting
very hot watching this scene, and I glanced over at Kay, and noticed she was
staring at the screen, her chest rising with short breaths.  Maybe she was bi,
I thought.
   After the girls finished, the phone rang and the "wife" answered it. She was
arguing with her husband, and her friend got up, and went to the kitchen. She
took one of the big dildos with her and went out to the front room, pleasing
herself with it on the sofa. Now the twist came up. The "daughter" and her
boyfriend enter the backyard.  The daughter comes into the house, looking for
her mother.  She sees mom's friend and watches, then is seen by the older
woman.  They end up on the floor, naked and using the dildo on each other (not
bloody likely in real life). The older woman is fucking the younger girl with
the dildo, and the boyfriend comes in, looking for his girlfriend.  He takes
a left turn and walks down the hallway, and finds the missus of the house in
her bed, doing herself with the other dildo.  They engage in sex too.  Now we
have a bi-girl scene going on and a straight scene and they flip back and forth
to show how hot everyone is.  Enter another one of the "wife's" lovers, and he
joins in with the daughter in the living room with the other woman.  As this
was going on, I was getting really excited, as the bi-girl scenes were making
me wish that Kay really was bi.  The young stud fucking the "mom" comes like
a flood, and spurts all over her big breasts.  In the living room, both girls
have taken turns humping the guy, and now he shoots a gallon of come all over
the daughter's face while she rides the other woman's face.  Just then, the
husband/father comes home, parking in the driveway and honking the horn as he
tries to get a new TV out of the back seat.  Everyone flies around the house,
looking for clothes.  Mom, lover, bi-girl, daughter and boyfriend all meet in
the hallway, and see each other just after hot, wet sex.  All ends well with
"dad" coming into a house that seems normal, but with a bit of company.

   The house lights didn't come on, but we didn't stay for a second show. Sam
waited for us at the asile, and I could see a large bulge in his pants. Kay
gently patted it as she passed by, and I smiled, thinking that Kay would likely
find a way to get us all into bed.  On the drive home, Kay turned to me and
asked point blank what I thought of the lesbian scene with the daughter.
   "That was pretty hot." I said non-committally.
   "Hot!? Shit, I soaked my panties!" Kay said. Sam "hmmm'd" softly, smiling.
   Kay leaned over to me and whispered into my ear.
   "Deb, are you straight?" Her warm breath sent shivers down my spine.
   I looked at her in the darkness, and shook my head.  Kay didn't say anything
but she squeezed my hand and smiled.
   "Well?" Sam asked. "Was that movie hot or what?"
   "Hmmm, lukewarm." I said, getting a look from both of them. "Compared to
my normal love-life."  Laughter and another squeeze from Kay, this time on my
thigh.
   "How about you Sam?" Kay asked. "Stir anything up?" Kay ran her hand down
the inside of his right thigh. I saw Sam stiffen in his seat.
   We got home, and Kay turned around and kissed Sam as he closed the door. He
kissed her back.  I watched them, wondering about the contrasts of their bodies.
Kay is a very fair redhead, with an ample figure. She's 35C-21-33, and only
five foot four.  Sam is dark haired, with a nice natural tan, and good sized.
Sam is six one, about 180, and much to our joy, ten inches long!  I've brown
hair and eyes, and 36C-22-34. Sam would later say he was smothered in tits!
   Kay released Sam, and he looked at me.  I kissed him too, feeling very hot,
and very ready.  Most of all, I was ready to take Kay into my bed, but with
Sam there, I figured we'd have to wait.  In short order, we made our way into
the bedroom and undressed each other.  Kay helped Sam undress me, and then I
helped Sam  undress Kay, then we both undressed Sam.  Kay went crazy when she
saw the size of Sam's 10 inch cock.  I liked it too, but I wanted to feel Kay's
tounge in certain places even more.
   We crawled into bed, and Kay and I sucked on Sam's cock. I liked his silky
smooth head, and his balls were big too. I tounged his balls while Kay sucked
as much of his monster as she could.  Sam laid back and enjoyed.  He enjoyed a
bit too much. Kay was working on the head of his cock and I was tounging his
heavy balls when he moaned softly several times.  Kay moaned and pumped his
cock with her hands, then Sam came.  Kay kept it in her mouth, and I sucked on
one of his balls gently, feeling the sensations of his shooting sperm deep down
in his balls.  Kay sat back, and I licked a small drop of cum from the head of
Sam's cock.  Tasty I thought, not very bitter.  I looked at Kay and she pulled
me to her and kissed me.  I wasn't sure at first, then her tounge entered my
mouth, followed by Sam's thick cum.  Kissing Kay, and getting my mouth filled
with sperm at the same time drove me a little crazy.  Kay and I were kissing
each other for a long time, tasting his cum and chasing each other's tounges
around our mouths.
   Sam's hands on our breasts brought us apart, and he said he didn't want to
disturb us, just keep going.  We did.  Kay and I kissed like lovers reunited
after a long absence, and Sam played with our tits.  Sam was hard again and his
cock pressed against my breasts.  Kay climbed up on top of him and slowly sank
down on his huge cock.  Sam pulled me onto his mouth and began to suck my now
dripping pussy.  Good as he was, I knew that Kay would be better. As Kay rode
his meaty prick, we kissed some more, until Kay began sucking my nipples. Her
tounge traced around the areola, and her lips tugged on the hard, budding nipple
as she let Sam's cock slide in her pussy.
   We changed positions, and Sam's cock was so big, I thought I'd never get it
all inside me. When I finally did, I felt completely filled with cock, almost
unable to breath. I moved up and down slowly.
   "Doesn't his cock feel soooo good?" Kay asked.
   I leaned forward to kiss her, but Kay leaned down and began to lick at the
top of my bush, teasing her way down to my clit.  I leaned back to give her
access, and I could hear Sam making slurping noises at her cunt.  Kay only
teased my clit, lifting me higher into passion, before she sat up.
   "Just think how his cock'd feel up your ass." Kay hissed in my ear.
   I didn't want to think of something that big in my ass, but the way she had
said it made me shudder.  Then I felt her fingers on my clit, mouth on my left
nipple.  Sam's cock filled me again, and each stroke was bringing me closer to
a tremendous orgasm.  I began to move faster on his cock, wanting to come and
have him come with me.  The faster I moved, the faster Kay's fingers danced on
my clit. I was going to come!
   Waves of pleasure and orgasm hit me and Sam's cock kept moving, filling me
then leaving, the wall of my cunt contracting, grasping to keep him in me. I
moaned loudly, and slammed down onto his thick cock, feeling him hit bottom.
The pain mixed with pleasure, and it felt like he was getting bigger and bigger
with each stroke.  I was still coming, Kay sucking my tits and moaning too.
   Kay sat up straight, clenching her tits in her hands hard. She moaned and
closed her eyes, her hips bucking against Sam's face.  I could hear wet noises
coming from her cunt as she fucked his tounge.  Kay's hips swayed and shuddered
and I could hear Sam moaning, lapping up her creamy juices. Those creamy juices
that I wanted to taste, to rub on my face.
   Kay got off of Sam's face, and his face glistened with her juices. His hands
grabbed my hips and he began to fuck me hard and fast.  Kay kept pinching my
nipples as my tits bounced all around. Sam's cock was driving me crazy, and I
was going to come again, very quickly.
   Sam slammed into me, bottoming out again, his cock huge and filling my cunt
completely.  He groaned and I felt his cum flooding my insides, warming me and
spurting over and over.  Kay leaned down and licked at my clit, sending small
electric shocks through me.  As Sam relaxed, Kay pulled me off his cock and she
began to suck my pussy.  Kay put her whole mouth over my pussy and began licking
greedily.  She sucked me like she was starved, and her tounge knew all the right
places to send me over the edge.  I came again, locking my legs around Kay,
grinding my cunt into her mouth. I could feel Sam's sperm and my juices running
down my ass which Kay had in her hands. Her face was slick against my thighs,
and her tounge was still probing inside me, licking me and making me spasm in
delight.
   I collapsed in a heap and dreamily dozed.  Kay and Sam kept going, and I let
them have some room.  I was floating somewhere soft and warm when I heard Kay
moan loudly, panting and rocking the bed.  I rolled over and looked.
   Kay was on her knees, with Sam behind her. I realized that little Kay was
taking Sam's huge 10 inch cock in her ass.  I played with my pussy as I watched
her slowly take his thick cock all the way, then begin to move it in and out.
I was getting very hot watching this, and Kay looked over at me.
   "Come suck my clit, baby. Oh, suck my clit!" Kay moaned.
   I moved over and slid underneath her into a classic 69 position. Kay's clit
was hard and sensitive already, and her pussy was literally dripping into my
face.  I reached up and spread her ass wide, and flicked over her clit with my
tounge. She jumped, and then jumped again at the second flick. I ran my tounge
down, parting her lips and tasting her delicious, thick cream.  Sam was moving
faster now, and each stroke made her  pussy contract.  I slid two fingers into
her sopping cunt and began to fuck her with them.  Kay began moaning and rock-
ing her hips back and forth against us.
   Kay slid her fingers into my pussy too, and began sucking my clit. It felt
so good, and her tounge told me I wasn't the first girl she'd ever eaten. Sam
moved faster and faster, driving Kay into a frenzy which she took out on my
clit, and I took out on hers.  We kept sucking and fingering and fucking our
way towards a three-way orgasm, moaning louder and louder as we went.
   "Cum in my ass." Kay moaned against my cunt. I don't know if Sam heard her
over his own groans, but he was pumping his cock in her asshole faster.  Kay's
juice was running down my cheeks and onto my neck.  Sweat covered us both, and
Sam's balls brushing my forehead were tempting my tounge. I leaned back and
licked them, feeling their heavy softness as they swung to and fro.  Kay had
three fingers in me, and then four.  My cunt was wide open, and her hand was
fucking me as hard as Sam fucked her ass.  Just as Kay slid her whole hand,
thumb and all into my stretched open pussy, Sam surged hard and deep into her
ass.
   "I'm -- gonna -- cum!" Sam panted.  Two more strokes and he did.
   My hips were pitching up and down, fucking Kay's hand, and my mouth was on
her clit, sucking hard.  Sam pumped his cum into her ass, then pulled out,
making Kay gasp and moan.  Her pussy spasmed against my face, and then I felt
a warm gush against her cunt and on my face.  Sam pointed his cock against her
cunt and spurted cum, and more cum, and more!  Kay was rocking her sperm soaked
cunt againt my face, and I licked and sucked her slippery clit until she finally
came, her juice flowing out of her and soaking me even more.  A second later,
I came, Kay's hand still buried in my pussy.  I'd never been fist-fucked before
and now I came long and hard, rubbing my face against the cunt of this woman
who was making cry out for more.  Kay finally slid her hand slowly out of me,
giving me several mini-orgasms.  We all lay there, panting and sweating for a
few long minutes.
   Kay came up and began kissing me and wiping the cum off my face, licking her
fingers and my face as she did so.  Sam lay beside us, caressing us both and
smiling.  I kissed Kay back, tasting my own juices on her lips, and then we
kissed deeply, not caring that Sam was being left out.
   We dozed for a while, and Sam left about two a.m.  That left Kay and I to
explore each other, and for me to feel her suck my pussy without distractions.
We made each other cum several times, and then, we curled up and slept until
late the next morning.
   One thing for sure.  We're making up for lost time!

--
