Archive-name: Family/showoff2.txt
Archive-author: Sexy Brunette
Archive-title: Showoff - 2


Stephanie was becoming more and more of a showoff all the time.  It had
all started about a month before, when I happened to catch her standing
in front of my second story bedroom window naked after having changed
out of her bathing suit.  I had explained to her that the world did not
think it appropriate for a nine year old girl to be displaying herself
in such a manner.  She pooh poohed that and I eventually went downstairs
to make sure no one was around while she stood at the window.  She had
insisted she wanted to show someone, and I had readily volunteered.
At first it was just with me, but lately, she had started dressing in
the most revealing outfits she could find.

It was Saturday and her mother brought her by the house at about 12:30.
Steph was going to spend the night with me and we were going to go to
Disneyland the next day.  When she arrived, she was wearing jeans and
a tee shirt and carrying a small suitcase she used when spending the
night away from home.  After her mother left, she said she was going
to go change clothes and go out to play.  I thought it odd that she was
changing out of her jeans to go play, but just assumed she had decided
to wear them to Disneyland and didn't want to get them dirty.

When she came out of the room, I couldn't believe my eyes.  She was
wearing a little dress that I remembered her wearing at least a year
before.  It looked like it was a year old too.  It was so small, you
could see all of her lovely legs and could almost see the bottom of
her panties.  "Steph!"  I exclaimed.  "What are you trying to prove.
That dress is too small for you.  I can almost see your panties."

"Do you like it?" she asked, as she held her arms out from her body
and turned around.  Now I could clearly see the crotch of her white
cotton panties, and they too were too small.  The crotch was tightly
stretched across her fat little pussy mound and didn't reach either leg.
I could see the edge of her hairless cunt on both sides of the panties.
As she turned, the white cheeks of her bubble butt came into view and my
cock started to rise.  I still couldn't figure out why she had changed
into such a short dress to go out and play though.  "My mom says it's
too small too.  She wanted me to give it to the Goodwill, but I hid it
so I could bring it here.  Can I leave it here with my other bathing
suit....PLEASE?"

"I guess so, but why do you have it on now?  I thought you were going
out to play."

"I am," she said, "I want to wear it outside when I play.  I like it
when I get looked at.  I won't be naked.  You only said I couldn't let
other people see me naked."

"OK," I agreed, "let's go."  After getting a novel to read, I went
to the storage room and got a lawn chair to sit in and headed for
the playground area.  There were several children playing, both boys
and girls.  One boy, about thirteen, was sitting on a blanket watching
two little girls of about 4 or 5 playing.  Setting up my chair a little
behind him and to one side, I asked him how he was doing and if he lived
in the apartment complex, I hadn't seen him around before.

"Fine," he said.  "No I don't live here.  My big sister lives in
apartment 240.  I'm just here today to baby-sit my nieces.  It sure is
boring just watching them play!"

"Yeah, I know what you mean.  That is Stephanie over there, she's
my niece.  And, like you, I am baby-sitting her today.  I don't mind
watching her though.  I kind of enjoy being outside and reading a
good book."  I then opened my book and started to read.  The mixture of
the heat and the fact that the book wasn't all that great almost put me
to sleep.  I looked up and around the area trying to get the kinks out
of my neck and wake back up.  As I looked at Steph, I noticed that she
had moved to the other side of the sand box and was sitting up on the
edge with her legs splayed wide apart while she dug around in the sand.
She looked very hot.  Little legs wide apart, and she was close enough
that I could see the outline of her plump cunt lips through her panties.
I promised myself right then that her and I would have a great time
later when we were alone in the apartment.

Tearing my eyes away from that sexy sight, I glanced at the young boy
sitting on his blanket in front of me.  The little bastard was staring
right at Stephanie's crotch!!  Just then, he started to turn around
to see what I was doing and I quickly lowered my head and pretended
to be reading the book.  I had very dark sunglasses on, so he couldn't
see where my eyes were looking.  While my head was down, my eyes were
directed at him to see what he would do next.

Satisfied that I wasn't watching him look up under Steph's dress, he
turned back to her and lowered his hand to the bulge in his own crotch.
He was obviously hard and was trying to reposition his cock so he would
be a little more comfortable.  He moved it so it stretched down his right
leg.  I was amazed, this kid's dick must have been 7" long.  And fairly
thick from the looks of it.  He was just wearing a pair of short cutoffs
and the head of his cock almost reached to be bottom of them.  As he
watched Steph play in the sand, he began to pinch on the head of his cock
through his pants.  I could see a wet spot beginning to form at the tip
where his precum was starting to soak through.  Steph was looking up at
him every once in a while and giving him her sweetest little girl smile.

I saw her start to open and close her legs, trying to tease the boy, I'm
sure.  Then, after looking around the area to be sure no one was looking,
she opened them as wide as she could and cupped her little cunt with her
right hand.  Very quickly, she brought her hand up and pressed between
the lips of her pussy with her middle finger.  Her mouth had gone slack
and I knew she was about to cum.  I looked back at the boy and saw that
he had begun to rub the palm of his hand around on the head of his cock
in a circular motion.  I sneaked a look around the playground, hoping
there was no one watching these two kids who were obviously oblivious
to anything but each other and happily saw the place was deserted.

I could hear the kid's breathing getting faster and faster all the time.
I knew he was close.

"OH, OH SHIT" he whispered harshly under his breath.  I looked down in
his lap and saw the wet spot spread as he came in his pants.  At the same
time, Steph bent over sharply at the waist and rubbed her virgin little
cunt for all she was worth.  These two youngsters, who had never met,
were having a long distance, simultaneous orgasm while watching each
other masturbate!!!

The boy finally calmed down enough to realize what had just happened
and turned around to see if I had noticed anything.  By that time,
I had removed my sun glasses and was looking him straight in the eye.
"She's cute, isn't she?" I asked him.

"I'm sorry mister, it's just that I.....well, I saw her...."

The kid was scared shitless.  "It's OK," I said, "I think she looks hot
with her panties showing like that.  Hell, my dick is hard as a rock
right now.  If we weren't outside, I'd jerk off too."

"You mean....you mean you like to look at little girls too?"

"Sure I do, doesn't everyone?  It looks like you got off real good there.
Shot your cum right in your pants."

"Gosh, mister.  I thought I was the only one.  Sometimes I play with
my nieces.  They aren't as pretty as your niece though.  I don't know
what I'm gonna do about my pants.  If my sister sees it, I think she
will know what happened."

"Why don't you come up to my place.  I can wash your shorts out real
quick and dry them in the dryer."

"Would you do that for me?" he asked.  "That would be great!"

By this time, Stephanie had regrouped and walked over to us.  She was
standing in front of us looking down at the wet spot on the front of
the kid's pants.  The boy, meanwhile, was again looking up the front of
her dress.  She had a wicked smile on her face.  "What happened to your
pants?" she asked, giggling.  "Did you spill something?"

"Be nice Steph!" I said.  "What happened to his pants is your fault.
And you are going to have to clean them for him.  By the way, son,
what is your name.  We haven't been introduced yet.  My name is Mark,
and this nasty little girl is Stephanie."  Steph squatted down in front
of him, spreading her legs so he had an unimpeded view of her crotch,
extended her hand to him and said "hi."  "Hi," he said, "my name is John."

"Hi, Steph," he said, taking her hand, but staring at the outline of
her little pussy through her panties.

"Well, come on you two, let's get going.  John, get your nieces.
Let's go wash your pants."

As we headed off to my apartment, I took the hands of John's two little
nieces while he and Steph walked in front of us.  John turned around at
me and smiled as he slipped his hand up under the back of Steph's short
little dress and squeezed the cheek of her butt.  I just smiled back and
looked from one to the other of his little nieces.  Gawd, they were cute.
And didn't he say that he "played with them sometimes?"

--
