		       The Stories of Hormonia Township
			   Chapter 3: A Heavy Load


				  Introduction

	This series of stories contains sexual language and content that is 
not suitable for kids under the age of 18.  The stories, characters, and 
settings are make believe, but I wish I was there!  This series is of the 
many exciting things that go on in Hormonia Township, New Jersey.  We hope 
you like this story and will be willing to read the others that come along in 
the future.  You can find these stories in your newsgroups our on the 
Internet at:
	        http://nj5.injersey.com/~bwarren/index.html
For those of you who are familiar with the series "A Teen's Sex Adventures", 
well I am sorry to say this but it has been discontinued, but the good news 
is that this series will have all those stories in it, plus many more of 
different characters with more sexual detail to drive your hormones wild!  
Enjoy!


				     Story

	I had just gotten finished with the best time of my life.  I had 
recently asked Mrs. Dairy, my next door neighbor, to have sex with me and 
she agreed.  The shocking part is that I am sixteen and she is twenty-nine!  
Anyway we both fucked and I lost my virginity, but it seems she had a nice 
time and enjoyed it.  See a little kid can do a lot more then an adult!  I 
was now in Mrs. Dairy's bed naked with Mrs. Dairy on top of me, naked also!
	Mrs. Dairy looked up at me and said that I did good for my first time,
I really didn't do much work, just put my cock up her pussy, she did the 
rest.  Mrs. Dairy then got up and sat on the edge of the bed.  I could see 
the top crack of her beautiful ass.  I wanted to touch that so badly!  I 
watched her as she picked up the phone beside her bed and dialed a number.  
I wonder who she was calling, but I listened in on the call.
	Mrs. Dairy said, "Hello Mary Cummings." "You will not believe what 
fun I just had!" "No, I didn't fuck that punk again, this time I did Michael 
Stevens!" "I know that he is only sixteen, but he was the one who came to 
me!" "I didn't want to pass the chance up so I said yes!" "We did it in my 
bedroom and I must say that this boy has a very hard one and a load the size 
of the Atlantic!" "I don't know, possible" "Why not tonight if you are so 
anxious?" "Oh, well I guess tomorrow is good for him" "All right, I'll tell 
him, bye!"
	Mrs. Dairy hung up and I could tell by the conversation that she was 
going to tell me something from Mrs. Cummings.  Mrs. Cummings lives down the 
street from me at 5 Hardcore Road.  She has two young kids and is also 
married.  She has black hair and green eyes, but she is fat.  She is not too 
fat, but is still a heavy load, but the good thing is that her tits are big, 
like her body!  I saw Mrs. Dairy turn towards me and say that she had been 
talking to Mrs. Cummings.  She then said that Mrs. Cummings was wondering if 
I would be able to help her carrying stuff for her at her house.  I wasn't 
doing anything tomorrow so I said that I would love to and Mrs. Dairy smiled.
	The next few hours we both sat around and watched TV while eating, 
did I say we were still naked?  I think Mrs. Dairy had the best body I ever 
saw, but it is only the first live nude body I did see!  Anyway when it 
turned ten p.m. that day, Mrs. Dairy asked me if I would like to try 
something different this time.  I was ready for anything so I said yes.  Mrs. 
Dairy said that she wanted to try a sixty-nine with me and I knew what that 
was from the Internet.  I agreed and watched as Mrs. Dairy got up.  Her tits 
bounced around as she moved over to me.
	Mrs. Dairy turned her body upside down and put one leg over my head 
as she lowered her pussy to my face.  I first felt her lips touched the top 
of my cock.  Her lips went further down as I put my hands on her soft ass.  I 
squeezed it as hard as possible as I pulled her vagina closer to my face.  I 
then stuck my tongue out and inserted it into her pussy.  The inside was so 
warm and wet.  I could also feel her sucking my penis rapidly and hard.  I 
dug my tongue in deeper and started to lick all around the sides.  I then 
pulled my tongue out and swallowed the wetness.  I didn't hesitate and put it 
right back in afterwards!  I pushed in deeper as I moved my finger into her 
asshole!  I plugged my finger in her ass and heard her moan.  I started 
pulling the finger out and in, but soon added another finger.  She kept 
moaning as I continued to do this.  I soon felt a rush of cum from her pussy. 
I quickly took my tongue out and the cum dripped all over my face.  I removed 
my fingers from her ass and used my hands to wipe the cum off.  I then 
licked each and every drop off my fingers.
	Mrs. Dairy was still working on my cock but this time she started to 
bite it.  It hurt a little, but I let her continue as she kept going faster.  
I looked in her pussy and then put one of my fingers up it.  I then put two 
and soon three, before you knew it my whole hand was up there.  She removed 
her mouth from my penis and moaned loudly.  I pushed my whole hand up it and 
she started to scream.  I asked her if she wanted me to stop, but she 
insisted that I went deeper.  I pushed my hand in farther till half of it 
was in.  I loved the warm feeling inside there and pulled my hand down a 
little and then pushed in back up.  I kept doing this till she released 
another hot load of cum, this time all over my hand.  I removed my hand and 
saw Mrs. Dairy turn her self around and climb up to me.  She licked my hand 
in front of me.  Her tongue and lips looked so sexy as they both slurped up 
the cum.  I was disappointed though, she released two loads and I didn't even 
release one yet.
	I watched her turn away from me and face the other way as she lowered 
her butt onto my dick.  She pushed my dick up her very tight butthole.  It 
was twice the pressure as her pussy, but it was better.  It wasn't wet, but 
was very warm.  I pushed in even deeper and pulled out as I continued this 
rapidly for awhile till I released a heavy load of cum into her ass.  It 
felt good to feel the wetness all around my cock again.  Mrs. Dairy lifted 
her butt off my cock and then dropped on top of me.  She kissed me again and 
said thanks for the job well done.  She then put her arms around me as we 
both laid there catching our breath!
	Mrs. Dairy turned the lights off at eleven p.m. as we both cuddled 
up under the sheets.  She wrapped her arms around me as my cock entered her 
pussy again.  I didn't bother to pump it, but just let it sit there inside 
while we both dozed off.
	I woke up the next morning alone.  I looked around for Mrs. Dairy, 
but couldn't see her.  I then screamed her name, but heard no reply.  I got 
up off the bed and saw a note on the dresser in her room.  I picked it up and 
read it:

Dear Michael,

	I went to do some shopping, won't be back till noon.  I had the best 
time in my life with you last night, even better then with my husband, but 
don't tell him that.  Hope to do it with you again.

							Love,
							Lucy

P.S. Mrs. Cummings wants you over at ten a.m.

	I looked at the clock and saw that it was already nine-fifty a.m.  I 
got my clothes off the ground and quickly hoped into them as I ran down the 
stairs.  I opened the door in a hurry and closed it behind me.  I darted 
down the driveway and ran a few houses down the block till I came to 5 
Hardcore Road.  I walked up to the front door and rang the doorbell.  I 
looked around at the other houses as I waited for someone to answer. I heard 
footsteps coming closer, then the door opened and I saw Mrs. Cummings in 
these sexy black tights that really exposed her big butt and her huge pussy.  
She also had on a black, shiny, tight shirt with a zipper down the front.  
She looked ready to satisfy anybody!
	I noticed that she checked me out before letting me in.  I didn't 
mind and walked right in.  She closed the door behind me and I looked around 
the house.  I didn't see many boxes or crates, it looked all clean.  Where 
was the work?  I turned around and asked Mrs. Cummings this and she 
passionately walked towards me and grabbed my shoulders as she push me back 
onto the couch in her family room.  I fell back and then felt a ton of 
weight topple onto me.  I gasped for air, but she soon gave me some space 
for me to breath.
	I asked here what she think she was doing and she told me to be quiet.  
She started to unzip her shirt and I got the point of what she wanted.  My 
cock grew bigger as she unzipped further till it was completely unzipped.  
My cock was so big that it hit her pussy through the clothing.  She giggled 
when she felt it and opened her shirt so I got a look at her huge tits!  
Those things must have been in the double D's!  Her nipples were also huge 
as she removed the shirt completely.
	Mrs. Cummings lifted my shirt enough to grab the zipper of my pants.  
She unzipped them and pulled my pants down enough to show my underwear.  She 
grabbed my underwear and pulled it down till my pants and my cock popped out 
eight inches in the air.  She smiled as she saw this and didn't wait.  She 
put her hands on her tights and slipped them down enough to expose her big 
pussy.  It had a lot of black hair around it, but was big as she grabbed my 
cock and stuck it in her vagina.  There was no pressure at all as my cock 
went all the way up!  She started to bounce up and down on me.  It started 
to hurt with all of her weight so I didn't hold my cum in and released it as 
soon as possible!  The cum drenched her pussy and also came out onto me.  I 
suddenly felt her cum rush out.  It kept cuming and cuming till my legs were 
dripping wet and my whole cock area was soaked.  She had a lot stored in her, 
but I was glad that it was done.  I pushed her off and sat on the couch 
soaked!
	I watched Mrs. Cummings bend down in front of me and lick every drip 
of cum off of me.  I also noticed her breasts hang down a foot or so with 
the nipples pointing out.  She must have been proud of those things.  I 
watched Mrs. Cummings finish the last of it.  She got up and asked me if I 
wanted anything to eat.  I was surprised that she was a very fast person, I 
was expecting some slow sex so you enjoy it, but all she wanted was a cock 
to put in!  I said that I would like some eggs and toast and she said O.K. 
as she went into the kitchen naked.  Her butt was three times the size of 
Mrs. Dairy's, but it was probably better.  I would find out later on that 
day...

	     Look for Chapter 4 in a newsgroup or on the Internet at:
		  http://nj5.injersey.com/~bwarren/index.html
	

