Archive-name: Family/sibpa05.txt
Archive-author: Michael Kalen Smith
Archive-title: Siblings - Patty - 5


[NOTE: From Chap 5 of the "Siblings" novel; set 1971; he's 16, she's 15. 
Some minor correcting and rewriting for continuity has been done since
this section was first posted....]

                                PATTY

    One comfortably warm afternoon in October, I was taking a nap in my
room, having exhausted myself with several hours of freestyle practice. 
There was no one else in the house, so the sound of the front door
opening and closing, followed by girlish giggles on the stair, half woke
me.  Then some part of my brain registered that the giggling was a
conversation between two different voices and I came fully awake, though
some instinct kept me from moving.
   I recognized the other voice as belonging to Patty Jensen, who was
also on the swim team and was one of Alex's best girl friends.  Patty
was a cute little blonde with large, blue, innocent eyes, a snub nose,
and a wide, sensuous mouth filled with very white teeth.  Her pale, wavy
hair swung against the nape of her neck in a ponytail and she tanned
nicely.  She was shorter than Alex by a couple of inches but somewhat
meatier (my unconsidered opinion before than afternoon); she had been
one of the first girls in Alex's class to buy a bra because she actually
needed it.
    Yet she was both a popular date and well-liked by the other girls in
her group -- no small achievement.  She seemed to be smitten with the
idea of love and sex but was still uneasy about the reality.  She also
exuded pheromones uncontrollably and the reaction and attention of the
boys who wandered within range often bewildered her.
    Alex ushered Patty into her room across the hall and gave her door a
halfhearted shove; it stood open a foot, but privacy was not something
we had ever taken seriously Upstairs.  I lay on my bed in my cutoffs,
casually eavesdropping, until I picked up the words "bikini" and "sexy." 
What in the world was going on?
    I rose quietly, silently opened my own door, and slipped into the
hall.  In ordinary circumstances, I wasn't the Peeping Tom type.  I
never joined in when my gym class found new ways to intrude in the
girls' locker room.  Why should I?  I could see all the skin I wanted at
home.  But this was a different situation and a different girl, and in
most ways I was still no different from any other fifteen-year-old boy.
    I peered through Alex's doorjamb to see where the two were.  I could
watch Alex openly at any time and she wouldn't mind, but Patty was
definitely an "outsider," even though she had been invited Upstairs. 
They were sitting crosslegged, side by side on Alex's brass bed, dumping
out the contents of two small shopping bags labeled MALIBU BIKINI SHOP.
    I knew that place; even the limbless manikins in the window were
exciting!  In each bag was a small bundle wrapped in tissue, and each
bundled was unwrapped to reveal two remarkably tiny strips of brightly
colored cloth.
    Patty was smoothing out her new neon-red bikini on the bedspread in
front of her.  "My dad would kill me if he saw me wearing this at the
beach!"
    She giggled and lifted the cups of the halter top so they looked
like two miniature tents.  Without realizing it, she tugged a little at
the tips of her bra and compared the result.
    Alex's suit was just as brilliant a shade of cerulean blue, which I
knew would contrast electrically with her hair and eyes.
    "Well?  Let's try 'em on!" said Alex, scrambling off the bed.
    "Here?"  Patty looked dubious.
    "Of course, 'here'," Alex laughed.  "You're going to wear that
Do-It-Now suit at the beach in front of thousands of ravenous boys,
aren't you?  Don't you want to know what it really looks like on you
first?  Especially since they wouldn't let us try them on at the store?" 
She was already unzipping her jeans.
    "I have a full-length mirror in my room at home," Patty pointed out.
    "Uh-huh.  And what was it you just said about your father?  Besides,
we need to help each other adjust the fit, for maximum effect!"  Her
voice was muffled by the knit top she was pulling off over her head, and
then she was standing there in bra and panties, a hand on one hip,
waiting for her friend to catch up.
    Patty looked up a bit shyly and surveyed the sleekness of Alex's
body.  I made a bet with myself that she admired my sister's trimness --
but that she also thought her own breasts would even up the score.  If
she could work up the nerve to strip.
    "Well,..."  Patty stood up slowly but then began rapidly shucking
off her jeans and sweatshirt before she lost her nerve.  Both girls were
facing generally in my direction and I was careful to stand back from
the door crack a few inches.  Patty seemed momentarily shocked when Alex
dropped and stepped out of her panties.  I was merely surprised; when
had that happened?
    My sister's curly red-brown pubic thatch had been trimmed and
regimented.  Her crotch was now shaved bare at the sides and she was
completely naked between her legs, obviously so she would only show at
the beach what she intended to show.  The effect was to make her appear
even slimmer than she was, and a bit more vulnerable as well.  I liked
the effect.  Alex stood calmly naked, waiting for Patty to finish
undressing -- she was giving her encouragement by example, I thought.
    Patty dropped her bra and bent over to push down her panties.  Her
breasts swung out invitingly and I stored the image away as a mental
polaroid for the next time I needed a fantasy.  She stood up and took a
breath.
    Little Patty actually had a much nicer body than I had given her
credit for.  She had some extra flesh but it was smooth and lightly
tanned; she was becoming voluptuous, not fat or flabby.  I should have
realized that anyone who could make the swim team in the first place
would be in top physical condition.
    The wider flair of her hips made her look like an Earth-mother-
in-training and her stomach was flat and muscular.  Her legs were
proportioned to her lesser height.  She wasn't a natural blonde, though. 
Her pubic hair was a rich brown mat that entirely concealed her crotch
and much of her groin.  Her shoulders were broader than Alex's, and
while her breasts were much fuller than my sister's, her small pink
nipples stood up right where they should.  She might be a little
overbalanced, but there was no sag.  I immediately revised my opinion of
her looks.
    Alex gave her friend's breasts a grin and a nod of approval.  "You
have really nice tits, Patty.  Not like these...."  She cupped and
lifted her own pair as Patty blushed at the intimate compliment and then
lifted her own breasts.  They filled both hands.  I knew quite well that
my sister was perfectly happy with the shape of her own body; she was
just putting Patty at ease.
    I also noticed that Patty seemed to follow Alex's lead in many of
her physical movements.  I began to suspect that she regarded my sister
as a model of gracefulness and poise.  (I certainly did.)
    Then both girls turned back to the bed and began sorting out their
new beach assault weapons.  Patty had a rather larger ass than Alex, but
it fit right in with the rest of her equipment.  Alex got her suit on
first.
    The bottom part was cut as low in front as she could get away with;
if she hadn't trimmed her pubic hair it would have curled over the
front.  The top of the suit was a simple elastic bandeau that went on
over her head.  She didn't need straps for support -- but Patty
certainly did.
    Patty's suit had a halter top with one shoelace-sized string around
the back and another behind her neck.  The bottom part had string ties
at the sides that could gather the suit in from a conservative
three-inch-wide band to a very narrow connecting strip.  And the
narrower the strip, I saw, the lower the suit would ride on her hips.
    They each examined themselves in the long mirror and then stepped
back and studied each other critically, measuring psychological effect
and searching for the smallest flaws.  I had to admit it: They were
different types, but both girls were sexy and beautiful.  I had personal
preferences, but I could also think of a dozen guys just in my home room
who would go to serious lengths for a chance to cuddle up with Patty at
the beach.
    Patty put her hands out to her sides and shrugged helplessly.  "What
can I say, Alex?  You look terrific!"  Alex blushed at her friend's
honest compliment but also managed to look pleased with herself.
    "Hey, I just thought of something," Alex said, and reached up to the
top shelf of her closet to pull down a shoebox.  When she stretched on
tiptoe like that, the bottom of her bikini seemed about to slither down
to her ankles.  She was going to have to be careful in volleyball games,
I thought.
    After a moment she dug out the pair of deep green satin shoes I had
bought her to go with her country club dress.  "I got these as a gift
last summer to go with a party dress.  I think you were on vacation with
your folks."
    She slipped on the shoes and became instantly sexier.  High heels
are undoubtedly bad for a woman's feet, but they can sure do wonders for
the long curves of her legs.
    Alex put her hands on her hips and thrust out her chest.  She began
strutting across the room, swinging her ass and pointing her toes with
each step.  Patty was laughing in delight and clapping.
    "That's great, Alex, really!  You ought to enter a beauty contest
sometime -- you got the moves down perfect!"
    I was smiling, too.  Alex could clown around but she was truly
gorgeous -- and she knew I thought so, and that made both of us feel
good.  But her parade across the room had brought her close to her
bedroom door before I realized where she was headed.  I made the mistake
of stepping back from the doorjamb too late and Alex's quick eye caught
the movement.
    In the second or two before she turned, her face showed surprise,
then amusement, then thoughtfulness -- and then mischievous delight as
she suddenly had an inspiration.  Two steps back toward the bed, humming
"The Stripper," Alex paused and rotated in a slow, exaggerated bump and
grind while Patty crowed with laughter.  And as she turned, she gave me
a broad wink.  She had an audience now and she intended to take
advantage of it.
    I had no idea what her plan might entail, but I was sure it would
involve Patty.  She wouldn't hurt Patty, I knew; she liked the other
girl too much as a friend.  And if Patty was lucky, she would never know
she had been the victim of a prank.  My sister and I had many, many
private jokes that the rest of the world was never let in on.
    Alex was back at her friend's side, now.  She smiled and kicked the
shoes under the bed, and then stepped back to look more closely at
Patty.  She parked one open hand on a canted hip -- a calculated pose if
I ever saw one -- while Patty twisted her pearl pinky ring and waited a
little nervously for Alex's verdict.
    "Patty, you look really nice in that suit -- in fact, you look
great!  That kind of red means 'Stop, Look, and Listen,' and the boys
are gonna do just that."  The little blonde beamed radiantly.
    "But--" (Alex pointed a finger dramatically at the other girl's
navel) "--you're wearing that suit much too conservatively!"
    "What?!" Patty squeaked.  "I feel almost naked already!"  She looked
down at the narrow red strips.  "How can this possibly be
'conservative'?"
    Alex knelt on one knee in front of her and said in a mock stern
tone, "They put these ties here for a reason, but you still have them
let all the way out.  Haven't you seen those teeny little bikinis in
action at the beach?"  She began cinching up the string on one side.
    "But those girls are in college, or at least high school juniors and
seniors!  I won't be fifteen for another month!"
    "So, you're never too young to be sexy!  Besides, think of the
fifteen-year-old boys.  They watch the college girls with the grown-up
bodies, sure, but they know they'll never get within ten yards of any of
them.  And then they'll turn around, and there you'll be, a dazzling
blonde their own age in a red bikini, and their eyes will fall out on
the sand.  They'll stumble all over themselves, and get tongue-tied
trying to talk to you, and you'll have to hold them off with a beach
umbrella!  Now that's POWER!"
    She had cinched up the strings on both sides of Patty's suit while
Patty's expression said she was imagining the scene at the beach -- and
enjoying it.  Now Alex pulled the front of the red suit two inches lower
so it marked a straight line across Patty's lower abdomen.  Then she
turned her around quickly, before she could react, and tugged the back
of her suit lower as well, almost exposing the cleft between her cheeks. 
Patty was spun to the front again.
    "Have to make the most of those tits, too," Alex said as she stood
up.  She held the lower string of Patty's halter top with one hand and
began experimentally sliding the cups farther apart, exposing a much
more generous cleavage.  Patty stood helplessly, caught up in Alex's
radicalization of what she obviously thought was already a very daring
bikini.
    "Untie the bottom string."  Patty did as she was told but clutched
the strings at her sides.
    "We move the string farther up under your boobs to make 'em stand
out,... okay, tie it again."  Patty's breasts looked larger now and more
nearly spherical.  Alex stepped behind her.
    "Now we cheat gravity a little..."  She untied the halter string
behind Patty's neck.  "Lift your boobs, Patty; c'mon, use your hands!"
    Alex retied the neck string and stepped back.  "Now, go take a look
in the mirror, kid -- every boy you meet is going to have an instant
hard-on.  You're going to have to wear a name tag: 'Hi, my name is
Patty, and please don't come in your trunks'!"
    Patty's face suggested she had just survived a whirlwind, but when
she saw her quarter-profile in the long mirror her mouth fell open and
she stared.
    Her bust looked to be a full cup size larger than it already was,
and the skinny little sides of the bottom of her suit emphasized the
earthy flair of her hips and made her legs look longer.  In a word, she
was luscious.  She unconsciously arched her back a little more and
cocked one hip.  She looked speechlessly at Alex, who grinned and made
an 'O' with thumb and forefinger.
    "What did I tell you?  You believe me now?"  She moved up close to
Patty.
    "Now -- if you'll trust me with a sewing machine, I think we ought
to take in the sides of each of these about a half-inch...."  She tucked
under the edges of each halter cup with her fingers and managed to
stroke the surfaces of Patty's breasts as she did so.
    "I'm going to take in my top some, I think, and remove the lining so
my nipples will show through."  She looked down at her bandeau as she
pulled down its top edge as far as her brown areolae.
    "I do have great nipples, don't I?"  Patty watched, somehow unaware
that right now their breasts, bellies, crotches, and thighs all were
less than two inches apart.
    Alex moved her hands slightly and then she was casually, gently,
lifting the weight of Patty's breasts.  The other girl seemed
hypnotized; I knew the feeling.  Alex sighed.
    "Gee, I wish I had boobs like these."  No, she didn't, but I was
beginning to understand where Alex's game was going.  At fourteen, my
sister was already an artist at seduction.  She had a talent for it when
she chose to use it, and I was the proof; when she wanted something from
me she nearly always got it.
    Alex withdrew her hands before her friend could think of anything to
say and casually removed her own suit.  "If you'll leave that outfit
with me for a day or two, I'll brew you up some magic, okay?"
    Patty was pulling off her suit, too -- mostly because Alex had done
so, but she didn't realize that.  She nibbled at her lower lip for a
second.
    "Alex?  I'm glad I have someone like you for a friend."  She was
sweet and sincere, and still astonished by her transformation in the
mirror.  "Why are you so much smarter about boys than I am?"
    Alex gave her a surprised glance and then a genuinely warm smile. 
"I'm glad we're friends, too, Patty.  You're one of the very nicest
people I know.  And I'm *not* smarter; maybe I just work at it harder." 
I'll bet you've also had more practice, I thought, and smiled.
    Patty really was a nice girl, besides being sexier than I would have
expected.  Then Alex put her arms around her in an affectionate
girl-girl hug and Patty responded in kind.  It would have seemed the
most innocent embrace in the world, had they not both been naked.
    Again, Alex quit first.  She looked around the room for a moment
while one hand absently stroked her tiny tuft of pubic hair.  Then she
looked at her crotch in apparent surprise.
    "I almost forgot!  There's something else you need to do before you
can wear that bikini."
    "What?"
    "This!"  My sister spread her thighs slightly, bent her knees, and
pushed her crotch forward to display her cropped pubic patch.
    "If you don't trim it back, your hair will stick out the sides of
your suit.  Remember Mary Elizabeth's first dive in the tank suit she
borrowed from her older sister?  It looked like her pussy was drowning
and trying to escape!"  Both girls burst into peals of laughter.  I
wished I had been present at *that* practice.
    Patty fluffed her large bush thoughtfully.  Without being aware of
it, she was becoming used to being naked around Alex, who always walked
and behaved exactly the same way whether she was dressed or not. 
Especially when she knew she was safe at home, my sister had totally
lost what other people might regard as modesty, and her unconcerned
attitude toward bare skin sometimes rubbed off on other people.
    "You really think I have too much hair down there?"
    "Well, you don't have it shave it completely ... although that
*would* attract attention."
    Patty looked momentarily alarmed before she realized that Alex was
teasing her, and then she smiled prettily.  "Well, I can trim it down at
home."
    "I thought you bought a Lady Something-or-Other electric because you
kept nicking your legs?  And I don't think your dad would appreciate
finding pussy hairs in his shaving cream.  Besides, an electric leaves a
stubble; it really itches."
    Patty looked baffled.  "Embroidery scissors?"
    "It's not just the length," Alex explained.  "It's the width.  You
need a strip of bare skin on each side and underneath.  Also, with that
much hair, when it gets wet, it soaks up water like a sponge and it
expands.  Like in the shower?"  She stroked her index fingers down her
own newly-mown crotch.  Patty watched in fascination and continued to
pluck at her own bush.
    Alex looked her solemnly in the eye.  "I'd be happy to do it for you
if you'd trust me to, Patty.  I'll be very careful not to nick you.  And
if we do it here, your father won't ever know about it, right?"  I held
my breath.  This was the crucial point in what I suspected Alex was
planning.
    "Uh, nobody's ever touched me there, except my doctor."  She was
talking mostly to herself.
    "Patty, your gynecologist is a man and he practically shoves his
whole fist up in you, doesn't he?  Most of 'em do."  Patty looked a bit
dazed, but nodded.
    "I'm a girl and I'm your friend, aren't I?  Friends help each other
out, especially with things you can't really go to your folks about. 
And I'll be very careful, I promise."  Alex was speaking softly and
soothingly, now, and I could tell Patty was allowing herself to be
talked into this adventure.
    "Well,.. I guess you're right.  I guess I do have too much hair for
a bikini.  Besides," she added with a self-deprecating twinkle, "I don't
think I could see what I was doing!"  She spread her breasts apart with
both hands and peered down between them.  Her subconscious had come up
with the perfect way of asserting her physical superiority to Alex in
the one department she was absolutely sure of.  She had even turned it
into a sexy joke.  Patty had definitely loosened up in the past hour.
    "Okay, why don't you empty off that chair while I get the stuff?" 
Alex was all business now.  The chair she waved at was an old wooden
kitchen piece, straight-backed and armless, repainted bright yellow.  It
served as a seat, stepping stool, clothes rack, and especially as a
gathering place for junk.  Alex was keeping her friend occupied while
she went next door to the bathroom.
    I stepped back against the wall as Alex came out of her bedroom. 
Thirty seconds later she was back with her safety razor and a new blade,
her needlework scissors and a small comb, and two bath towels -- and my
shaving mug and brush (I had ambitions).  I pointed at the brush and
smiled and nodded in approval.  Alex pointed to her eye, which meant
"Watch and see."
    Patty was standing a bit nervously by the now-empty chair, fingering
her pubic hair protectively.  Her body language always spoke volumes and
yet she remained unaware of it.  Remaining naked herself, as another
kind of supportive body language, Alex folded a towel and draped it
neatly over the chair seat, and then adjusted the chair's angle so my
view would be unimpeded.
    "Would milady care to park it?"  She made a theatrical flourish and
Patty sat down with her knees and feet together and her hands in her
lap.  Alex knelt before her.
    "Umm.  Patty, dear -- I have to be able to get to the work site,"
Alex explained gently and laid one hand lightly on the other girl's
knee.
    With Alex's quiet prompting, Patty finally got settled.  She found
herself scooted far forward on her coccyx with her pussy cantilevered
over the front of the chair.  Her knees were spread as wide as for any
gynecologist and her heels were hooked over the rungs on the sides of
the chair.  To keep herself from sliding off, she had a grip on the
chair's back slats over her shoulders, which also had the effect of
lifting and pressing her breasts together.
    I had wondered why Alex didn't simply have her lie on a towel on the
bed.  Now I knew why.  The little blonde was vulnerable and wide open to
the world; she looked like a pose from HUSTLER.
    Working slowly and carefully, Alex untangled Patty's pubic hair with
the comb and trimmed it down to shaving level.  Then she quickly whipped
up a mug full of suds and twirled the brush in it as she had seen me do. 
She slowly stropped the brush up and down between Patty's legs -- not
only on the sides of her crotch but vertically across her clit and
downward below her cunt, almost to her asshole.  There was quite a bit
of hair in front of Patty's puckered little opening.  Patty's eyes
flickered closed and her lips began to twitch; she was feeling something
but she wasn't going to admit it, not even to herself.
    I watched in fascination as my sister slowly and carefully cleared a
bare area on each side of Patty's half-open cunt; I suspected she could
work a lot more rapidly if she cared to.  She seemed to completely
ignore the protruding clit that emerged from its sheath of its own
volition.
    Alex did very neat work, squaring the thick tangle into a neat,
brush-like vertical hedge and shortening its length overall.  She also
managed to lean her forearms frequently on Patty's splayed knees and to
drag her own nipples across the inner surfaces of Patty's thighs. 
Several times she moved her head in close -- just being careful, you
know -- and opened her mouth wide, breathing warm air directly onto
Patty's clit.  She continued, meticulously shaving clean the entire area
toward the back of Patty's crotch.
    Finally, she wiped off the soap with the other towel, being sure the
coarse material traveled the whole length of her friend's gaping cunt. 
She handed Patty a large hand mirror so she could view the result.
    "Now we don't want you to get razor burn -- happens a lot the first
time you shave."  She picked up a bottle of moisturizing cream from
behind the chair, uncapped it, and dribbled a stream of the pale cream
down both sides of Patty's crotch, and then down the sheath of her clit.
    Patty gasped and her toes curled at the touch of the cool, thick
liquid.  Alex slowly spread the cream up and down the creases of her
crotch and her exposed lips.  She spread it evenly over the clitoral
sheath.  The covering hand moved back and Patty's clit, pinkish red and
twitching involuntarily, emerged and grew.
    Alex's forefinger lightly smoothed the cream down the center of the
cunt before her, touching but not penetrating the opening, and continued
to the satiny area between the bottom of her wide-open pussy and the
darker, ridged opening below.  Patty was holding her breath, and so was
I, but Alex's finger stopped just short and lifted away.
    The brush, Alex's careful but persistent manipulation of her labia,
the friction of the towel, and finally the soothing cream had all done
their work.  Patty's breath was coming in erratic puffs as she gazed in
amazement through half-closed eyes at her newly revealed crotch.
    She passed her own hand over the smooth, soft surfaces and curves,
even drawing one finger dazedly across the tip of her clit.  It abruptly
struck me that Patty's general shyness, the apparent attitudes of her
parents, and the thick, rapid growth of her pubic thatch probably had
prevented her from ever getting a close look at her own genitals.  ALL
of this was a new experience for her.
    Alex apparently had drawn the same conclusion and added it to her
plan.  Still kneeling on the floor between Patty's knees, she spread her
own legs and leaned back on her heels, her nipples visibly elongating. 
Her middle finger glided down into her own slit and disappeared, and she
sighed lightly.  "You know, trimming your pussy also makes it easier to
get yourself off," she said quietly.
    Patty shook her head vigorously.  "No, I don't do that!  My dad
caught me ... uh, playing with myself when I was twelve and he beat the
crap out of me!  Besides, it isn't good for you."  What do you think has
just been happening? I wondered.
    Alex continued stroking herself, mostly for Patty's visual benefit,
but she gave her friend a sympathetic look.  "What do you do when you
get horny, then?  And *don't* tell me you never get horny!"
    It hadn't occurred to Patty that she could put her legs down; they
were still spread wide and her clit was twitching more frequently.  One
hand held the mirror and the other began absently to stroke the neat pad
of hair that remained as she studied its reflection.
    "I just get frustrated, I guess," she said softly.  "Sometimes,
though, when I'm alone, I squeeze my legs together and I feel a sort of
tingle."  She didn't notice that she had contradicted her earlier
denial.
    "Patty, it's called 'masturbation,' not 'playing with yourself,' and
it's a natural part of sex -- and sex is a natural part of life.  *Not*
masturbating is what's abnormal!  I'm still a virgin -- yes, I am -- and
I had my first orgasm a year ago by masturbating myself.  And it felt
wonderful!"  Alex's fingers were beginning to move up and down like
slender pistons.
    "You can't just go on being horny and frustrated!  Doing yourself
takes the edge off.  You can keep control of yourself with a boy when he
gets you hot because you know you can always finish it later. 
Otherwise, some guy is going to get you so worked up you'll let him fuck
you just to get it over with, to release the pressure -- and it might
not be the right guy or the right time and place.  Boys jerk off all the
time, you know that, and it's a lot harder for them to hide it!  And if
it's natural for them to do it, why shouldn't girls do it, too?  Look at
your body, Patty!  It's ready for you to get pregnant and have a baby. 
But you can tell it to be patient and still have all the fun part of
sex."
    Alex's fingers were acting independently of her mouth, caressing and
tugging at her clit and pressing its sheath back to expose more of it. 
The tiny red shaft glistened moistly.  Patty couldn't take her eyes off
that busy hand.  She tried half-heartedly to conceal her own cunt by
cupping her hand over it, but her legs were still splayed out.
    "I don't think I know how," she said in a small voice with a sudden
low sob at the end.
    My sister wasn't close to orgasm yet, I could tell that, but her
fingers slowed and stopped.  She could save herself up, remaining at a
high sexual pitch but picking her own moment for a climax.  I had seen
her do that before, too, and it always astonished me.  *I* certainly
didn't have that kind of control.
    Alex stood and bent over Patty, her hands on the other girl's
shoulders.  Her breasts moved in a shallow curve a few inches before
Patty's face.  Her nipples were as erect and rigid as pencil erasers.
    "Patty, I've never been a teacher before, and I'm sure no sex
expert, but my pussy is something I know real well.  I admit it --
virgin or not, I enjoy sex.  And when I do pick out the guy I want to
pop my cherry, I'm going to be ready.  No fumbling around, no confusion. 
I'm going to know what I'm doing."  She put a hand behind each of
Patty's thighs, lifted her legs from the chair rungs, and set her feet
together on the floor.  Then she pulled her to her feet.
    Patty clutched Alex's upper arms and put her forehead against her
shoulder.  She canted one hip, which pressed what remained of her pubic
hair against Alex's thigh; my sister's crotch was in a similar
situation.  Alex glided both her hands up and down the small of Patty's
back and murmured soothingly in her ear as the soft sobbing continued.
    Patty made a strange picture, standing there: naked and sexy, but
shy, breasts trembling against Alex's as she tried to control her tears,
moisture reflecting from her eyelashes as she kept her head down in
embarrassment -- not because she was naked and nipple-to-nipple in
another girl's embrace, but because her clit was throbbing wetly and she
didn't know what to do about it.  She was desirable and she knew it, but
the very lushness of her own body frightened her.  It sounded like her
father wasn't being much help, either.  Watching through the doorjamb, I
felt a surprising wave of sympathy for little Patty.
    Alex had played her prank, exposing the most intimate parts of
Patty's body to me in great detail -- which had hurt no one but would
provide us with hours of conversation later -- and arousing her friend's
untried sensuality into the bargain.
    But Alex truly liked Patty and now she obviously intended to try to
help her friend become less sexually helpless.  The fact that she knew I
was still watching was irrelevant.
    Alex sat both of them down on the side of the bed, thighs again
pressed side-to-side, and put her arm comfortingly around her friend's
shoulder.
    "Patty, sex is supposed to be fun," she began, "and I promise you it
is, if you know what you're doing.  It's not something you should be
afraid of.  I know -- there are guys you have to be careful of because
they get carried away, even if they're sorry afterwards.  And some guys
are just selfish, unfeeling sons-of-bitches."  Patty nodded in
agreement; I had a feeling she had run into a few of those.
    "But Patty, that isn't your fault and it doesn't make sex bad.  And
most guys are okay.  You're a beautiful girl and they're more likely to
be afraid of *you*.  That's why they get tongue-tied and act silly
sometimes.  They just don't know what else to do."
    Alex glanced for a moment at the crack in the door where I stood. 
"Let me give you an example.  The boy I know best is the one I live
with, okay?  My brother, Michael.  He and I get along -- in fact we're
pretty good friends.  Now, let me ask you: Do you think he's
good-looking?"
    Patty looked up at her in surprise, as if it were a silly question. 
"Sure, I think he's very good looking."
    "Okay," Alex went on.  "Is he sexy?"  I wondered how many games she
was playing?  Or had the identity of the contestant simply changed?
    Patty hesitated.  "Yeah, I guess he is.  I mean, I've never gone out
with him, of course, but he smiles at me in school.  But maybe that's
because he knows you and I are friends," she concluded doubtfully.
    "That's negative thinking, Patty!"  Alex smiled.  "Anyway, I've seen
a lot more of him than you have, and *I* sure think he's sexy!  If he
weren't my brother, he might even be the one I'd pick to give my
virginity to."
    That got my attention.  Patty looked a little startled but
interested.  Alex was stroking the inside of her friend's thigh, but
Patty seemed not to notice.
    "I've seen him naked a few times, like in the bathroom.  He has
swimmer-muscles, too, remember.  And a nice ass.  And a very interesting
looking cock."  She lowered her voice conspiratorially.
    "Once, I watched him jerking off in the shower, because the shower
door wasn't fogged up too badly.  His cock looked huge, and when he shot
off it really made me hot!  So I came back in here and fantasized about
it and got myself off.  You see what I'm saying?  He came in the shower,
by himself, and I came in my bed, by myself, and we both enjoyed it."
    "But I don't know how to-- to get myself off.  I've tried just
rubbing it -- I mean, I..."  She was admitting to more than she had
intended but Alex laughed and squeezed her shoulder encouragingly.
    "Well, I can take care of that!  Scoot up here, Patty..."  Alex
pushed herself backwards, against the brass headboard and put her legs
straight out in front of her.  "Over here, next to me."  She put her
hand flat on the bed beside her.
    Patty hesitated again for a long second, then turned and crawled
over next to Alex -- who moved over an inch so the entire length of
their flanks were pressed warmly together.  Alex brushed the instep of
her right foot against the sole of Patty's left.  Patty's toes curled
over.
    "Now, follow me...."  My sister arched her back slightly and cupped
her breasts in her hands, massaging and tugging at her nipples.  She
took a deep breath of enjoyment.  "Think of someone whose hands you want
to imagine on your body."
    Patty followed her example, almost over-balancing when she arched
her back.  Her nipples were pink little buttons, much smaller than
Alex's, but they also rose under the friction of her fingertips.
    "I've done this before, too," Patty sighed, "but it feels different
this time.  It must be because we're doing it together."  They continued
stroking themselves almost in unison for several minutes, and their
breathing grew heavier.
    "Alex,... this doesn't mean we're, uh, lesbians, does it?"
    My sister threw her head back and laughed.  "No, of course not! 
You're a dear, sweet girl, Patty -- but you're not the person I'm
daydreaming about right now, I guarantee!"  I wondered who *was* in her
daydream.
    "Now, move your hands where you want your dream-lover to put his
hands.  Remember, they aren't *your* hands right now -- they're his."
    She moved her own hands smoothly down her sides, down her upper
legs, then back up the insides of her thighs.  Her skin was beginning to
flush lightly wherever her hands passed.  Patty copied her movements and
her eyelids fluttered as her imagination replaced the touch of her palms
with someone else's.
    "Patty, you wouldn't believe whose hands I'm feeling on me right
now..."  Alex shifted her gaze directly at me and smiled provocatively.
    She spread her legs wide apart, sliding the left one under Patty's. 
Patty bent her knees and took a similar position.  Both girl's pussies
were open to me, though only one of them knew it, and the sight of two
such lovely bodies being systematically aroused was almost more than I
could stand.
    My cock had grown thick and erect, but I couldn't jerk off or even
unzip my cutoffs, for fear Patty would hear the sound.  I had to be
content with hiking up one leg of my shorts enough to expose the head of
my cock, which I squeezed and massaged as quietly as I could.
    At Alex's lead, the girls had both hands in their crotches now,
stroking their labia between their fingers and reaching far back to
tease their assholes with an occasional light touch.
    Alex nudged Patty to get her attention.  "Getting juicy?" she
breathed.
    "Oh, yes...!"  Patty's head was leaning partly on Alex's shoulder.
    Alex thrust two fingers up into her vagina and brought them out
dripping with aromatic wetness.  She began to slide her shining fingers
slowly up and down her clit, which already resembled a tiny red cock.
    Patty took more time with her fingers, moving them in and out of her
cunt, experiencing probably for the first time the internal friction. 
Then she also moved her attention to her clit.  Her breath began to
rasp, as her fingers moved faster.
    "No, Patty!  Take your time -- stop for a moment if you have to! 
Make it last and last...  You've heard about boys who are virgins, who
just stick it in and come immediately?  They don't know how to take it
slow and it's over too quickly."
    Patty obediently slowed her pace and even turned her head on Alex's
shoulder to watch my sister's technique.  Alex was doing slow rings and
figure-eights with two fingertips around her clit, returning to her cunt
at intervals for additional lubricant.  She had done this many times and
knew exactly how to pace herself.
    Patty returned to her own rising passion, but using more control
this time.  A few minutes later, Alex began making low animal sounds in
her throat and bent her head back.  Her fingertips were racing around
the tip and shaft of her clit, now.  Then she caught her breath, jerked
slightly several times, and then relaxed with a sigh.  She stretched her
legs out without removing her hand and simply sat quietly for a few
moments in the afterglow of her climax.
    My own legs were trembling so badly I had to go carefully down on
one knee to keep from falling.
    But Patty had stopped her finger-work, engrossed in her friend's
orgasm.  Alex looked down at her with a smile.  She withdrew her hand
from between her legs; her fingers were wet and shiny.  She raised her
hand casually and traced the moisture from her fingers across Patty's
upper lip.
    "You want to know what it's really all about, Patty?  Inhale deeply. 
That smell will drive a guy completely out of his mind."
    Hell, I could identify that particular pungent aroma all the way out
in the hall.  I had brought several girls to a climax by masturbating
them, and they all smelled different.
    Then Alex became aware that Patty had stalled out.  She was flushed
with sexual arousal but she'd lost her way and her fingers were moving
almost mechanically.  Her lips were compressed in frustration; she'd
climbed almost to the top of the ladder but she couldn't quite make the
last step.
    Alex put one arm around her shoulders and pulled her down flat on
her back on the bed and propped herself on an elbow.  "I'll help you,
Patty, you're almost there, you just need a boost to climb over the
top...."
    Alex covered Patty's motionless hand and her whole pubic mound with
her own hand and began moving the two in a pattern together.  After a
minute, as Patty's respiration rate began to increase again, Alex slid
her hand under Patty's and took control of the blonde's pussy.  Patty's
eyes were closed tightly; she may have thought it was her own fingers
that were back in action.  Alex dipped her fingers into Patty's cunt for
more lubrication and went to work at the base of her shaft, gradually
moving toward the tip.
    I don't believe she planned what happened next.  It was just the
appropriate sexual thing to do, I think.  My sister looked down at
Patty's head lying on her arm and smiled, and kissed her full on the
lips.
    Patty's mouth reached up eagerly and returned the kiss, and she made
little sounds of excitement.  She was so far out of it, I think she
believed it was her daydream she was kissing.  Her eyes never opened. 
Alex raised her head as her friend's pelvis and legs jerked
uncontrollably several times.  Then a brief spasm shook her whole body
as she gasped and opened her mouth and curled her tongue.  A final
extended moan escaped her lips and then all her muscles seemed to relax
at once and she lay loosely.
    Alex combed Patty's hair back out of her eyes with her fingers.  The
other girl had beads of sweat over her breasts and belly and she was
still panting.  "God, I didn't know ... it could feel ... like that...."
    She turned over on her side to face Alex, who was propped on her
elbow again.  I knew my sister wasn't going to mention the kiss.  Let
Patty think it was her imagination.  I felt the wetness oozing down my
leg; I had climaxed uncontrollably during that kiss.
    There were teardrops on Patty's lashes again, but this time for a
very different reason.  Her first orgasm had opened up a whole new world
for her, a new self-image and new possibilities.  And she realized it,
too, because she slid both arms around Alex, her face pressed between my
sister's breasts, and hugged her tightly.
    Alex held her closely and stroked her back, then put one leg gently
over her hip.  Patty's reaction was automatic.  She slipped her thigh
between Alex's and pressed it snugly up against her crotch.  They lay
together like that for perhaps five minutes, each floating back down to
earth.
    They finally unfolded themselves and sat up crosslegged on the bed,
laughing quietly.  Patty's face seemed fundamentally changed, somehow,
and it took a moment to see that she looked truly happy for the first
time since I had known her.  She was relaxed and excited at the same
time, filled with new confidence, eager to try out her new red bikini on
the male public.  I was happy for her, too.
    I turned and crawled back across the hall, being as quiet as
possible.  I felt as drained as though I had been responsible for
Patty's climax myself, and I didn't even *attempt* to stand.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Copyright 1993 by Michael K. Smith. Copies may be made and posted
elsewhere for personal enjoyment, but all commercial rights are reserved.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
