Archive-name: Family/sibsh06.txt
Archive-author: Michael Kalen Smith
Archive-title: Siblings - Showers - 6


[NOTE: From Chap 6 of the "Siblings" novel; set 1972; he's 17, she's 16.  Some
minor correcting and rewriting for continuity has been done since this section
was first posted....]


                               SHOWERS



     In July following my junior year in high school, my sister and I
reached a new plateau in our physical relationship.  I bought or
borrowed porno magazines on occasion, from curiosity or for jacking off
to, and I knew Alex studied them too.  Not that she made a secret of it
-- we had no secrets -- but sometimes I saw her stare at a photo more
intensely than usual and then turn the page hurriedly.  When she wasn't
around, I'd leaf through the magazine and try to identify the picture
that had startled even her.  I knew about "regular" sex by now, so I
usually bought magazines that featured the most perverse or perverted
acts I could imagine.  And I soon discovered that the most graphically
explicit photos were the ones that mesmerized Alex.
     That summer, I was on a secondhand anal sex binge.  Those photos
seemed to arouse me even more than the pictures of oral sex in which I
had submerged myself the year before.  What I found definitely
unappealing, however -- in addition to the often bored expressions of
the professional models -- was the fact that their presumed long
experience with anal sex left them with gaping assholes that rivaled
their cunts.  Not very sexy, I thought.
     One afternoon, when Dad had driven Mother over to her sister's
house -- and we had the place to ourselves -- Alex came in from playing
tennis.  I was sitting on the edge of my bed, studying again one of the
ass-fucking magazines.  The humidity was high and she was running with
sweat.  Her knit shirt was stuck to her back and even her white socks
looked soggy.  She clumped into my room, sat down heavily in my desk
chair, and blew out her cheeks.  Her coppery hair was tied back in a
damp ponytail and her freckled face was red from exertion.  A definite
locker room aroma surrounded her but I found it somehow erotic.
     I studied her over the top of my magazine.  "Just a guess, sis, but
I think you need a shower.  A *long* one."
     "Boy, do I ever!"  She pushed off her shoes without untying the
laces and wrinkled her nose.  "I smell like the animal tent at the
circus."  She stood and pulled the shirt over her head; there were also
sweat marks on her bra and rivulets running down between her breasts. 
As she pushed her shorts down and stepped out of them, she saw what I
had been reading and grinned.
     "Interesting pictures, aren't they?  Have you ever done that? 
Screwed a girl in the ass?"  She knew perfectly well I hadn't.  For that
matter, except for each other, we were both still virgins.
     "I wonder what it really feels like...."  She unhooked her bra and
dropped it with her shorts and socks on the floor.  We were so casual
now about undressing in front of each other, I was aware of her
increasing nudity only peripherally.
     "Wanna join me?"  I looked up as she pushed down her panties,
managing to wiggle twice as much as necessary to get out of them.  At
sixteen, she was already becoming wise in the ways of seducing a man. 
But she'd had more practice with a more appreciative audience than most
of her girlfriends.  Why not? I thought.  We were sharing showers pretty
regularly, now; it was nice to have someone scrub your back for you and
to do it for them.  And wet, slippery bodies were fun for other reasons.
     "Yeah, okay."  I stood and shucked off the jams I usually wore
around the house in hot weather.  Alex was already headed out the door
and I noticed that the sweat coursing down her back was now continuing
over the swell of her ass.
     When I arrived in the bathroom a few seconds later she was already
filling it up with steam.  Alex loved very hot showers -- she claimed it
opened up her pores so she could scrub off the dirt easier.  She swung
open the door and looked over her shoulder expectantly.  I was right
behind her and I stood back out of the spray while she rotated under the
shower head, arms upstretched, the water ricocheting off her head.
     It was a big shower stall, completely tiled in white; it had been
installed by the previous owner for reasons we didn't know.  It was
almost the size of an elevator car and could probably hold six or eight
adults if they knew each other real well.  Who knows, maybe it had.  But
it was certainly large enough for two people and for most activities
they might invent, as we had long since discovered.  The shower head was
set high up on one wall and was the kind that provided a variety of
pulsations and fineness of spray.  That could be fun, too.
     Alex backed up to me and flipped her wet hair back over her head. 
She always did that, but I knew enough to close my eyes in time so I no
longer got whipped across the eyeballs.
     "Do me?"  This was the comfortable routine we had settled into.  I
soaped her back (and often her front) and then she soaped mine (and
ditto).  Often, that was all that occurred -- just a companionable
shower together.  Since we were nearly always available to each other,
the sexual pressure had become controllable.  But it was always there,
waiting, when we wanted it to emerge.
     I squirted the bottle of her favorite decadent bath soap across the
top of her shoulder blades and began rubbing my hands briskly over her
smooth, muscular back.  Up over her shoulders, a pause to massage her
neck muscles (she purred when I did that), up and down her sides as she
raised her arms.  I liked the feel of her rib cage under my soapy
fingers.  Up under the angle of her shaved armpits, back down her arms,
which she now held out behind her.  She stretched and arched her back a
little and sighed with pleasure.  This was often almost as good as sex
to her.
     Another squirt of soap across her lower back, then my hands were
spread out over her ass, squeezing a little (she expected it), then
moving around the sides of her hips to run my fingers over her pelvic
bones.  Then she turned around and I saw the glow in her eyes that meant
she didn't want this to be a quick shower, just to get clean.
     More soap across her collarbone while she stood with her head
tilted back, neck arched, breasts out-thrust.  Her nipples were erect. 
My hands moved across her shoulders again.  Her eyes were shut against
the soap but she smiled as I took her by the throat and slid my hand up
and down beneath her chin.  An old joke: I had once pretended to
strangle her in the shower while making sound effects from PSYCHO.  I
ran my hands across her flat, tight diaphragm and stomach and then down
her sides again to her hips.  My cock was half-erect as I pulled her
closer to me.
     She clasped her hands behind my neck and we kissed quietly for a
few seconds before she disengaged.
     "Not yet," she whispered.
     Now it was my turn.  She turned me around and rubbed soap across my
shoulders and my back, down my sides, and across my ass -- which she
also squeezed (because I also expected it).  Then she did something
different.  Running her finger slowly down the crack between my cheeks,
which by itself made me shiver, she pressed her middle finger against my
anus.
     It startled me for a moment but my cock instantly sprang to full
attention.  Her nails were forever breaking off and at the moment that
particular fingernail was trimmed back short.  She pressed her body
against my back and pushed her finger about one joint deep into my ass,
and wiggled it back and forth.  The sensation was incredibly sexy.  I
knew I had no homosexual urges, but I wondered if this was what it felt
like to be fucked.
     "Like it?" she whispered over my shoulder.
     "Umm-hmmm!  When you do it," I qualified.
     "You know those magazines?  The ass-fucking?  I want to try that!" 
She wiggled her finger again and then eased it out.
     "Are you sure?"  I wasn't sure I wanted to do this, not to my
sister.  I certainly didn't want to hurt her and anal sex looked like it
could be pretty painful, especially the first time.  I told her that in
a hesitant tone.
     "If it hurts too much, we'll stop.  Besides, I know you wouldn't
hurt me on purpose."  One of her hands had wrapped itself around my cock
and was squeezing a little and stroking a little.  Her other hand
clutched her own crotch and I could see one finger busily stroking her
clit.  She was determined to push us both into this.
     "C'mon, please?  Haven't you wondered what it would feel like to
fuck a girl up the ass?  Especially me?  Don't you want to fuck your
sister in the ass?"  Well, she was right about that.  And when such
blunt language came out of that sweet little face it usually had the
effect she desired.  I turned her around to face the wall that had a
porcelain rod in it and lifted her hands toward it.
     Alex bent forward, breathing a little heavily in anticipation, and
gripped the rod with both hands.  I knew my sister.  She had really
gotten herself worked up thinking about this.  She bent her back even
more as she spread her feet a little apart on the slick tile and cocked
her ass upward.
     "Put it ... in!  I want to feel it going up my ass -- I really do! 
I can imagine it, but I want to *feel* it!  Please -- put it in!"  Her
head was swinging from side to side and her wet, cascading hair swished.
     I reached up to the shelf above the shower head and grabbed a jar
of skin-moisturizer.  I had used it occasionally to masturbate with, for
extra lubrication.  Scooping out a handful of the cream, I slathered it
up and down my cock, which twitched in anticipation.  Then I pushed my
slippery middle finger up into her rectum as far as I could reach --
three inches or more.  It was snug, tight, but I could fit.  Alex gasped
once and sucked in through her teeth.  Her ass trembled and her
sphincter tightened around my finger, trying to pull it out of joint. 
My god, what was this going to be like?!
     I slid my finger out and maneuvered the head of my cock into
position, pressing against her puckered anus.  Slowly, carefully, I
began pushing into her.  She gasped louder and her knuckles on the wall
rod tightened.  I paused; I didn't want to hurt her, no matter how much
we both wanted to do this.
     "No--  It's all right!  Go on, go on!"  She shivered in the steamy
shower and I could feel the motion in my cock.  I held her hips and
pushed forward harder.  My cock slid upward, inward without stopping. 
In another moment it was completely buried.  My pubic hair seemed to
sprout from between her cheeks and my balls were pressed against the
space between her cunt and her asshole.
     I moved my cock in and out a fraction of an inch, just to see if I
could.  So tight!  It felt like I was being swallowed by a suction pump. 
Alex was breathing rapidly and moaning.
     "Does it hurt?" I asked anxiously.
     "A little -- no -- it feels so good -- oh -- shit -- oh -- it feels
huge!  Bigger than it ever did the other way!  Oh, God--  Fuck me, fuck
me!"
     As I began pulling it out halfway and pushing it back up into her,
I felt myself come just a little.  No, not yet!  I want all of this
first!  But the small amount of cum just increased the lubrication in
the depths of her ass and made it easier for me to pump back and forth.
     Alex was gasping and breathing loudly in rhythm with my pumping,
just as she did when my cock was ramming in and out of her cunt.  Her
pussy was always nice and tight, but her ass was fantastic!  The inner
surface of her was smooth and soft but those shit-pushing muscles were
strong.  When I pushed into her, she, without thinking about it, pushed
back; when I pulled back for the next stroke, her muscles tried to grasp
my cock even more tightly.  It was the most erotic sensation I had ever
felt.
     I couldn't see them, but I knew her breasts were swinging back and
forth.  I wanted badly to reach around and squeeze them, but if I gave
up my pelvic clutch we'd land on the hard tile floor.  I interrupted my
pace, pulling out almost all the way and then cramming my cock back into
her as hard as I could.  My balls slapped against her ass.  She gave a
louder cry and arched her head backward.
     "Oh -- ah -- I love your cock up in me -- it's so big I feel like
I'm popping!  Oh -- it's good, it's good -- oh, shit -- keep -- fucking
me -- don't -- stop!"
     Sweat was running off my forehead and my hair, the soap was getting
in my eyes, and I didn't care.  I could feel the pressure building and
there was no way now I could stop, even if either of us wanted to.  I
squeezed my sister's hips to signal her that my climax was on its way.
     "Yes -- me, too -- I'm there! -- oh, shit -- that's -- so good!"
     I increased speed, gasping as loudly as she did.  And then I came,
in great, shuddering, shocking contractions.  I tried unconsciously to
push into her even farther as I ejected millions of sperm into her lower
intestine.  I almost laughed at that unbidden thought, but I was
lightheaded and gasping for breath.  Now her sphincter was rapidly
dilating and tightening, and that helped the ejaculations to go on and
on, longer than ever before.  From the hoarse, throaty sounds Alex was
making I knew she was climaxing with me.  God, was there ever a feeling
like this?
     Alex's grip on the wall rod was loosening.  She was so out of it
from her own multiple climaxes, I was afraid she might smash her face on
the tile wall.  I got my arms around her hips as she began to slide
downward, and I slid with her, both of us panting loudly.  Her ass was
pressed against my groin and she was still impaled on my cock.  We
somehow landed on the bottom of the shower stall without hurting
ourselves.  She was face-down with her cheek cushioned on her wrist,
gulping the hot, steamy air.  I was lying on top of her, also struggling
to get my heart rate down, supporting most of my weight on my shaking
arms.  If my elbows unlocked, we'd both crash.  My cock was still buried
to its root in her rectum.  The passage was still so snug it had no room
to contract.  And I was content to leave it there awhile longer.
     What finally brought us around, rousing us out of our half-swoon,
was the water.  It was getting colder and the steam was disappearing.  I
had no idea how long we had fucked or how long we had lain on the floor,
but it was long enough to use up all the hot water.  I had sunk down on
my elbows -- my arms could never have lasted that long -- and slowly
withdrew from Alex's fantastic asshole.
     "Ohhhhh...."  She moaned softly, perhaps feeling the loss.  I
leaned over and kissed her lingeringly at the base of her spine.  So
beautiful, my sister, so filled with me for however long it had been. 
It's your decision, but I think we'll do it again.
     I sat back on my heels so the now icy water splashed off her back. 
My reaction to the change had been gradual; her's was electric.  She
gasped at the shock, her green eyes snapped open, and she struggled to
get to her knees and then to her feet.  I stood up, still a bit shaky
myself, and helped her.  It took a minute, but then she deliberately
stepped back under the water and rinsed the sweat out of her hair.  She
turned slowly in position, combing her fingers through the dark red
strands, while I stood and watched.  God, I loved her.
     She saw my expression and her peculiar sense of humor got the
better of her.  She smiled and stepped back to me, hooking one arm
around my neck.  With her other hand, she took my hand and slipped it,
palm up, between her slightly parted thighs.  She can't possibly want to
screw again, I thought.
     She brought my mouth down to hers and kissed me.  I stroked my
hand back between her legs, delighting still in the smooth, wet flesh
and the curly hair brushing my wrist.  And then she tapped the tip of
her little red tongue against my front teeth, pressed her thighs closer
together, and pissed in my hand!
     That's how well we understood each other -- that she could do
something that crude at such an emotional moment and know that I would
be amused.  The cold shower splashed off my shoulders while my cupped
hand filled with her warm urine, and I cackled at the joke.  Here, now,
under these circumstances, it was funny!
     I extricated my hand, trying to hold on to some of the pale yellow
liquid, while she grinned mischievously.  I squeezed her cheeks -- not
roughly -- to force her mouth open while she squealed and tried to bat
my hand away.
     "I ought to dribble this down your throat, you know.  But I'm a
nice guy so I won't."  Instead, I trickled it across her breasts.  "You
can have it back," I added.  "You might run out!"

                            *  *  *  *  *

     I had to stay late at school one day in September of that year,
working on a project for journalism, so I was in a hurry to get home.  I
didn't stop at the restroom before I left, and by the time I reached the
house, I had to take a piss so badly I was walking knock-kneed.  I got
halfway down the downstairs hall and saw that the bathroom door was
closed  -- Mother must be in there -- made a U-turn and hurried
upstairs.  I dropped my books in the hall and charged into the upstairs
bathroom, already struggling with my zipper.
     Alex looked up startled from the toilet seat, her jeans around her
ankles and her shirt rucked up around her waist.  I moaned.  "What's
your problem?" she wanted to know.
     "I can't wait!"  I was fishing out my cock.  "I'll have to use the
shower stall!"
     "Hey, wait!  There's room here...."  She spread her legs wider and
slid back a little on the toilet seat.  "Just aim between my legs, for
chrissake."
     I didn't hesitate.  I stepped in front of her, trying not to get my
feet tangled in her pants, pointed my cock at the front slope of the
bowl, and let go.  In my effort to control the high-pressure yellow
stream, I aimed too far forward and managed to splash both myself and my
sister's legs.
     She threw up her hands in surprise.  "Watch it, Michael!  Here,
gimme that...."  She reached forward and took my cock in her hand like
she was milking a cow, and pulled me forward.  I had to let go of it and
quickly support myself on her shoulders to keep from falling on her. 
She used both hands to pull me to within a few inches of her pussy and
grinned up at me.  My cock was engorged with internal pressure and
completely filled both her hands.  "You can lead a horse to water," she
laughed.
     The golden stream just went on and on.  She watched speculatively
and then aimed closer to her crotch.  The spray was now wetting the
outer part of her bush.
     "What are you doing, Alex?  Do you *want* me to piss on you?"
     "I dunno, I've never tried it.  Might be fun as an experiment,
though...."  Alex would try almost anything at least once, and, these
days, the more unusual the better.  She hadn't bitten off some guy's
penis or fucked a Great Dane (as far as I knew), but otherwise I
suspected her taboo list was pretty short.  I finally finished draining
the tank and took my cock back so I could make sure it got the customary
final shake, and tucked in back in my slacks.  Alex looked pleased at
the strange look I gave her as I left the bathroom.
     What I didn't know was that one of Alex's girl friends had a
brother in college who belonged to a fraternity that claimed to own the
largest lending library of pornographic books and magazines in the
state.
     The brother was presently interested in fringe erotica, having
apparently become bored with standard fuck-and-suck scenes, and Alex and
her friend had been spending some time in his absence evaluating photos
of bestiality, bondage, spanking, enemas, ass-fucking, and erotic
urination -- "golden showers."  Why my sister was turned on by this
particular sexual variation I had no idea.  Her interest soon waned --
rather, it found new outlets, some of them equally bizarre -- but it
sure led us to some interesting experiences.
     I should probably add that I had no theoretical objection to any of
this.  I was as fascinated by some types of sexual experimentation as
Alex was.  I drew the line at anything involving shit, however. 
Happily, she agreed with me.  But some of our water games during that
few weeks had very erotic overtones.
     Perhaps some of this started because, as I've said, Alex and I
enjoyed sharing a hot shower.  Hot water, steam, soap, shampoo, and two
slippery bodies in a relatively confined space can be a very big
turn-on, as we had discovered at an early age.
     Occasionally, the sight of running water would have its effect on
me when I closed the shower door, and instead of getting out again, wet,
to use the toilet, I would simply piss down the shower drain.  Alex
began to do the same thing, squatting over the drain.  Then she learned
to do it standing up -- bending her knees, jutting out her crotch, and
holding her labia open while raising her aim by pushing upward at the
base of her clit.
     On another evening, she came into the bathroom in her tee shirt and
panties while I was on the toilet preparing to take a shit.  She quickly
dropped her pants, pushed my knees apart, and sat on my lap facing me, a
leg on each side.  Then she leaned backward, pulled me forward, wrapped
her arms around my neck, and stuck her long tongue in my mouth while her
urine hissed between my thighs into the bowl below.  She had decided it
wasn't the act of urination she found sexy, but performing in front of
someone else.  It was crude, and that was erotic sometimes.
     Boys and men are used to lining up at urinals in public rest rooms
and exposing their genitals, even though social custom prohibits eye
contact, much less staring.  But women's rest rooms come equipped with
private stalls.  The same is generally true of most school locker rooms
and showers.  I had even witnessed a jerk-off "duel" between two well-
endowed jocks.
     On Alex's report, the girls in the locker room  at school were
usually pretty modest -- or nervous, or embarrassed -- about their
bodies.  They didn't often stroll around naked ... with a few
outstanding exceptions who flaunted their assets (puns intended).
     From the beginning of puberty, Alex was unusually casual about
nudity, at least in my presence.  She knew I found her extremely
desirable -- I made no secret of it -- and she never even considered the
possibility that she could be raped by her brother.  In that she was
fortunate, because I never considered it either.  I could and would
seduce her, but I could never force her beyond her current limit. 
Physically, I probably could have, though my sister was no weakling --
but psychologically, it was never a possibility.
     When it came to water sports,... well, I doubt I would ever have
suggested it myself, but as it turned out, I was willing to play along. 
The fact that she seduced me in this case made the experience more
erotic for both of us.  And she knew what she wanted.
     About a week after our second encounter at the toilet, she came in
hot and sweaty from mowing the lawn.  I had spent the afternoon laboring
over a term paper (and I've always loathed yard work).  I was drinking
glass after glass of iced tea, and my bladder was filling up rapidly,
but I kept putting off a needed break to go to the bathroom.  The
thoughts and the words were flowing, I was on a creative roll, and I
didn't want to break my train of thought for even the two or three
minutes a bathroom break would require.  Alex puffed into the room just
as I finished a page and paused to drain another glass of tea.
     My sister has always had a special talent for sizing up a person, a
problem, or a situation almost instantly.  She knew where I was headed
the moment I finally stood up from the typewriter.  I turned toward the
door but Alex, shoes and socks already off, was on me in an instant --
literally.  She clasped her fingers behind my head and kissed me, hard. 
I tasted the salt sweat on her lips and I felt her soaked shirt pressing
her sweat through my own tee shirt.  She stuck her tongue in my ear --
always a guaranteed turn-on for me -- and whispered, "No, don't go to
the bathroom!  I need a shower, and I need you full of piss!"
     She quickly unsnapped my cutoffs and pushed them to the floor
before I registered what she was saying.  She gripped my still limp cock
like a pump handle and squeezed it hard enough to make me aware of it. 
I trusted my sister not to injure me, but I had no idea what was
happening.  With her other hand she almost frantically pushed her
running shorts and panties to the floor, stepped out of them, and then
moved even closer to me.
     My cock was beginning to throb again as she stood on tiptoe and
thrust it between her legs -- not into her cunt, but across it, clasped
between her steaming thighs so that the tip of my penis poked out
behind, below her ass.  Her thigh muscles flexed and the sensation
turned my cock into a pulsating, quivering column of lust.  She put her
arms around my waist, pressing her groin more tightly against mine, and
leaned back a little so she could look directly into my eyes.
     She was aroused, as well, and her voice came out husky and
demanding.  "Come with me, you goddam, beautiful, sister-fucker!  I want
you!  Now!"
     She stepped up on the tops of my feet and tried to grip the front
of my ankles with her toes, like thong sandals.  I reached down over her
hips and her extra elevation allowed me to grip her ass cheeks in both
hands without bending over.  I could barely reach the tip of my penis
with one hand, behind her, but I took hold of the glans and pulled it up
more snugly against her hot, damp cunt.
     Then we carefully made our way out the bedroom door and down the
hall the few yards to the bathroom in that peculiar but exciting
position, both of us naked below the waist, clamped together by her
thigh grip on my penis.
     When we arrived, we pulled off each other's shirts and Alex ripped
off her sports bra.  She opened her thighs then, but immediately grasped
my cock tightly in her strong, slender hand and tugged me toward the
shower, eyes dilated with open lust.  Being led around by your cock by a
beautiful, sexually aroused teenage girl is one of those experiences
that burns into your memory for life.
     But there was another internal pressure competing with my gonads. 
I had drunk a lot of iced tea and when Alex turned on the shower it
reminded me immediately that I really had to take a piss.  I was
beginning to develop a cramp in my groin, but when I protested to Alex
she said "Not yet!" and squeezed a little harder, drawing me closer and
rubbing the tip of my cock against her flat stomach.
     In a few seconds, when the water had gotten hot and the steam was
raising new sweat on both of us, she angled the shower head away and
knelt in front of me.  She sat back on her heels, spread her thighs, and
arched her back -- her most provocative pose, and she knew I loved it.
     "Michael, I want you to pee on me.  Piss all over me, head to foot! 
I want to feel it running down my tits, I want you to splash it on my
back and my ass!  Go slow, don't just squirt it all at once.  I'm
getting even hornier just talking about it!"
     I had read enough by know to suspect that water sports were a kind
of erotic punishment game, like bondage.  Well, this wasn't going to
hurt anyone and if Alex was going through a weird stage -- weird even
for us -- I could accommodate her.  "Better close your eyes," I
suggested.
     She squeezed her eyes shut, closed her lips tightly, and tilted her
head far back.  I let go with a bright yellow stream that hit the center
of her breast bone; it splashed all over her torso, running down her
breasts and trickling off her rigid nipples.  She gasped at the first
warm shock and then began rubbing the urine over her body, under her
arms, down her thighs.  I controlled the stream as best I could, to make
the experience last as long as possible.  She inhaled the acrid aroma
and whimpered huskily in her throat.  She was obviously enjoying this. 
God help me, I was enjoying it, too -- and what did that say about my
own psychological state?
     I circled slowly around her, holding my penis squeezed shut to
regulate the flow.  I drew a piss line down her spine, neck to ass, and
she shivered as it flowed down between her cheeks.  "In my hair,... my 
face...," she murmured.
     My bladder was finally running low, so -- still playing the
punishment game -- I took two fistfuls of her wet, tangled hair and
tugged her head further back.  Not enough to hurt her, of course, but
enough to create the illusion of threat and control.  Her throaty
whimper had a strong sensual edge and she didn't resist.  As the last of
my urine flowed through her dark red hair she shampooed it in, piling
her hair up and wrapping it around my cock.  A Freudian image if I ever
saw one.  The golden liquid ran in a sheet across her forehead and
trickled off her tightly shut eyelids and the end of her nose and the
tip of her chin.
     When my supply ran out and I stepped back, she stood shakily, still
rubbing my body fluids into her smooth skin.  She picked up a washcloth
and wiped only the area around her eyes and nose; from her lips down,
she still glistened aromatically.
     She pressed her body close to mine and rubbed herself against me. 
She pulled my mouth down and fastened hers to it in a long, slow
lip-sucking kiss.  The smell of my own fresh urine filled my nostrils;
it was surprisingly erotic, at least under these circumstances.  I found
myself being pushed firmly to my knees and I slid my hands down her
back, over the swell of her ass, and down the backs of her thighs.
     When my head reached the level of her waist, she suddenly moved
her hands to her pussy and spread and lifted its lips -- and before I
realized what she intended, a strong stream of her warm, fragrant piss
splashed against my chest, ran down my body, and dribbled off my cock
and my balls.
     I sat back on my heels and looked up at my sister's grinning face
... and began to laugh.  We loved each other more than anything else in
the world, and here we were, urinating on each other.  Erotic it might
be, but it was also pretty silly.
     Alex began to laugh, too, and quickly ended on the floor of the
shower, engulfed in a fit of uncontrollable giggles.  The more we
thought about what we were doing, the funnier it became, and the more we
laughed.  It took us a few minutes to run down, and then we were both
under the hot shower, soaping and shampooing each other -- but a glance
at each other's faces and we were again whooping helplessly with
laughter.
     Soaping each other's bodies in the shower always made us feel
close, physically and mentally, even when neither of us was really in
need of a fuck.  Many times, we simply held each other, took turns
massaging shoulder and neck muscles, and cuddled.  And that's how it
turned out this afternoon.  Neither of us was embarrassed by our earlier
activities.  Amused, yes, but we had long ago accepted each other in all
things.  So we kissed affectionately, and Alex nuzzled my throat with
her nose, and I nibbled her earlobe.
     Finally, I was leaning against the tile, my sister's arms linked
loosely around my waist, her head resting on my collarbone.  She sighed
contentedly as I untangled her wet hair by combing my fingers through
it.  My cock was almost completely limp -- that's how relaxed and happy
and unhurried I felt.  She looked up at me with a glowing smile.
     "You put with a lot from me, don't you?"
     I looked back into her green eyes and thought about how lucky I
was.  I combed her hair back behind her ears.
     "Sometimes..."  I hugged her again.  "And I intend to continue
putting up with you for many, many years.  I wouldn't be worth a bucket
of piss without you, Alex...."  I had to work hard to keep my voice
level as I said it.
     Alex instantly cracked up with laughter and slapped the flat of
her hand not too gently against my chest.  Then she reached up and
kissed me again, still laughing behind her lips.
     "Michael -- I love you so much!  What would I have done if I were
an only child?  Life would be so lonely and boring,... especially in the
shower!" she added.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Copyright 1993 by Michael K. Smith. Copies may be made and posted
elsewhere for personal enjoyment, but all commercial rights are reserved.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
