Sight
by deirdre

"Oh, yes!  He's *definitely* sexy!"  Marlene was talking about my 
husband, Craig!  I really don't know Marlene that well even though 
we're next-door neighbors in the same apartment tower.  I had seen 
her around enough to say "hi", but we'd never had more that a few 
short conversations in the corridor.

I hate to say I don't really think of my husband as being sexy, but I 
think you know what I mean.  We love each other and our sex is good, 
but, well, I usually associate the word "sexy" with someone like 
Patrick Swayze.  I mulled over the concept of Craig being sexy and 
then realized Marlene was watching me curiously.  She seemed to 
want a verbal response.

"Craig?"  I'm not one of those people adept with the come-back, 
especially when I'm a little embarrassed.

"Oh yes!  I bet you two have a *great* time in *bed*!"  This was 
definitely a little more intimate than I was ready for.  I felt my 
heart beating in... panic.  At least a little panic.  I stared at Marlene 
and wondered if she had designs on Craig.  Marlene certainly was 
attractive.  Her most noticeable feature was her long, rich red hair, 
which didn't reach her waist, but was close.  She had light skin, with 
a few tiny freckles, and had great features.  Her body was slender, 
but her breasts were definitely noticeable.  She tended to dress a 
little like a sixties hippie--colorful tops, jeans, casual and almost 
rumpled.  Did she have plans for Craig?  Or did they have something 
going?  If so, she wouldn't be telling me like this.  But, then again, 
Marlene seemed a little strange.  I wasn't sure.

"I'm sure you must find your own husband quite adequate."  It just 
came out: I didn't want to sound jealous.  Sometimes I'm quiet when I 
want to be talking, but still blurt out the *worst* things.

She giggled.  "You mean my *boyfriend*" she corrected.  I really 
hadn't been certain if they were married or not.  "Oh, he's quite fine 
as you say," she said, still smiling.  "I just was imagining your Craig 
driving *you* wild, is all.  Must be something to see."  She was 
grinning at me!  Then her face settled into this sly smile, her eyes 
still locked on mine.  I couldn't hold her gaze and glanced down.  I 
mumbled something about having to go and she walked me to her 
door.  She stood in the doorway as I walked away and I couldn't help 
thinking she was watching me.

I was so confused.  Was she going to try and trap Craig?  Would he go 
for it?  I know some guys have a weakness for red hair.  Craig's 
never said anything about that, but I wasn't certain.  Were they 
already seeing each other?  Marlene seemed to have few inhibitions-
-what would she be like?  What would they be like?

I had to get a grip on myself.  I was letting my imagination get the 
best of me.  I sat in a chair in our living room, feeling weak as a 
baby.

That afternoon I heard giggling outside.  The balconies of our 
apartment and Marlene's are adjacent and hers is easily visible from 
ours.  I looked out the window.  She was on her balcony with her 
boyfriend!  Her boyfriend was laying on his back, his head towards 
me and Marlene was straddling him!  She was looking down at him 
and giggling.  He was dressed, but she had her jeans off--just 
panties and her top!  She leaned down and kissed him.  His arms went 
around her neck.

Then she slipped out and started unbuttoning his shirt.  Soon she had 
it open.  Then she ripped his teeshirt, leaving his chest exposed!  She 
went on, undressing him while he lay there.  He helped by lifting his 
body a bit once in a while.  I watched, entranced.  Yes, she got his 
underpants off, revealing his cock!  Soon she had him completely 
naked and she was straddling him again.  She rubbed his chest and 
fingered his nipples.  And she bent down and kissed him again.

Then she went back up to straddling him upright and started 
unbuttoning her own shirt!  She wasn't wearing a bra.  Her breasts 
were absolutely *perfect* looking--not too large, but well shaped 
and not sagging a bit.  Then she slipped out of her panties and they 
were both completely nude.  His hands went to her breasts and 
fingered her nipples.  She smiled down at him and pushed his hands 
back down.  She reached behind her own body, without looking--I was 
sure she had grabbed his cock.  She just kept smiling at him.

Then she raised her body up off him and I saw his cock standing 
straight up.  She positioned herself over it, and descended slowly, 
guiding it with her hand.  I think the guy wasn't looking at her 
anymore, he was staring straight up into space.  She raised herself 
slowly until she was all the way off his cock, and then slid down on 
it again!  She did that a few more times.  Then she started slowly 
moving up and down, but not enough to pull all the way off--a slow 
rhythm.

She was looking right in my direction!  I was sure she couldn't see 
me for the glare on the glass.  She smiled.  She slowly increased the 
speed of her rhythm, but continued to look right at me.  I watched 
her lithe body slide up and down, up and down.  She arched her back a 
little and put her hands behind her neck, thrusting her chest out 
more.

I was wet.  I loosened my pants and slipped my fingers in.  Her eyes 
looked straight up and then she shut them, still moving up and down 
at a moderate pace.  Her eyes slowly opened, her lids still half shut, 
looking my way again.  She had that sly smile of hers again.  I 
couldn't help myself.  I pushed fingers inside myself, and drew them 
out, then manipulated my clitoris in a frenzy.  She giggled again, and 
then laughed out loud, still speeding up.  I came and came.
