			Silken Panties


	I was nervous.  That is all there was to it.  I had never tried
anything like this before, so I was a little nervous.

	I drove out to the local mall at lunch.  Victoria's Secret was my 
destination.  I was nervous going in there by myself but the thought I what I 
was going to buy and what I was going to do with what I bought gave me the 
courage to go on.

	Walking amongst the display racks and beautiful employees had my cock
hard enough that I questioned whether anyone noticed the bulge in my pants.  Who
was I kidding?  Every man that ever goes into that store is stiff as a board.
Why should I be any different?

"Are you finding what you are looking for?" came a voice that was smooth as
the silk panties that I had my eyes on.

"Actually, I was looking for a nice pair of black, silk, lace panties, but I
don't see any on this display," I said.

"Let me check in the back for you.  I am sure that we have something along
the lines that you are looking for."

"Thank you."

	As she turned to go towards the back of the store, I got to get a
good look at her shapely figure.  Is it me, or are all the employees at
Victoria's Secret some of the most beautiful women the world has to offer?
I'll bet that they have the most incredible selection of underwear in their
dressers at home.  This particular employee was wearing a nice grey skirt
with an attractive slit up the side.  I was sure that she was wearing a
nice pair of stockings on her gorgeous legs and tried to get a peak at them
while I was watching her walk away from me.  No luck.

	I looked around some more but I was there to buy only the black
silk panties that my fantasy centered upon.  Walking around I saw the
tantalizing bustiers, the pretty flannel night gowns, erotic teddies and
the other things that the store is famous for.  I would have loved to buy
out the store, but that would be for another time.  I had plans for tonight.

	When the woman came back, she informed me that they did have a few
different varieties of silk panties in the back and she showed them to me.
It was getting very hard to focus on my task at hand.  Here I was standing
next to a very attractive woman and rubbing my hands across underwear
that I would have gladly had her display for me.  I also had a better
opportunity to view her from the front.  She was wearing a nice grey jacket
that complimented her skirt.  Her blouse appeared to be white silk, which
covered her chest in a fashion that made it hard not to stare.  Her outfit
was completed with a nice gold pin attached to her lapel, which also brought
ones eyes toward her nice tits.

"Do you like any of these," she asked.

"Excuse me?" I said as blood rushed to my cheeks.  I was embarrassed that she 
had caught me admiring her figure.

"Are any of these what you were looking for?" she asked, knowing what I was
looking at and she was enjoying my uneasiness.

"Yes," I said, "these will be fine."  I had picked out a pair that were
nicely cut, trimmed with lace, and black as the night.  Perfect.  At that
point I started to really wonder what my lovely clerk would look like wearing
nothing but what I had picked out.  I guess that is why I didn't hear her
tell me that the store was having a sale; buy two get two free.  That is the
standard Victoria's Secret sale.  You are already buying one, why not two?
And since you have picked out two, why not pick out two more for free?  It
is a good marketing strategy (one that I have utilized before) but my 
intention was to leave the store only with what I had come for, black lace
panties.  "I am sorry.  What did you ask?"

"Would you care to pick out another pair?  We are having a silk sale.  If
you buy another pair you can pick out another two pair for free."

"No thank you," was my response.  "I have plans for what I have bought and
won't be needing more."  I said with a smile.  Her response was a _very_
sexy smile and a wink that almost made my still erect penis blast cum all
over my jeans.  Where do they get these women?  I swear, if what I intend
to do works, I'll be back for this one!

	I drove home.  Seeing as I am from Chicago, I got there in a very modest
amount of time.  Say what you will, Chicagoans drive fast, but we know how
to do it safely.  Unlike other states whose residents drive like teenagers
having sex for the first time, erratic and without direction. 
Anyway...

	When I got home, I wrote out the little note that was to accompany the
panties in the small box that I had bought the day before.  This wasn't
any ordinary note, however.  This note was going to convey my mental commands
to the lovely little office worker that keeps to herself in her lovely
little corner office at work.  Her name is Barbara.

	I had found that I had this strange little ability to somehow alter
a person's thoughts to reflect my own.  It was a sudden realization that I
had chanced upon in a small discussion I was having with a friend.  We were
discussing both sides of an issue and I found that the more conviction I had
for something, the more she seemed swayed to my point of view even though it
was in direct conflict with the point of view that she had had not moments 
before.  I had tested my discovery on several people and was pleased with 
the results.  Now was the time to put my talent to the test.  Earlier that 
morning, I had implanted a command in Barbara's subconcious to obey everything
that she reads from me.  Needless to say I made her forget that she even saw 
me before lunch.

	I drove back to work with about ten minutes left on my lunch break
and was pleased with myself for being so efficient.  With package in hand,
I walked to the stairway that would take me to Barbara's out of the way office.
I figured that I could catch Barbara in her office where she would be eating
lunch.  It was during her lunch time as well but I knew that she seldom went
out.  She has this thing for sending email.  Don't we all?

	I knocked on her closed door, noting that the light was on, which meant
that she was definitely inside.  I heard her shuffle around inside and
waited for her to answer her door.

"Oh, hi," she said, "I was just writing a message on the Email."

"Hi, Barbara.  Do you have a minute?"

	I tried to make small talk with her for the remainder of her
lunch hour, hoping that she didn't notice my little "gift".  If she
noticed, I would have just "persuaded" her to forget about it, but that
didn't seem like it was necessary.  I was nervous as hell, and knowing that
my hard on surely bulging in my crotch didn't make this easier.  I mean,
was this going to work, or was I in for the largest sexual harassment suit this
company has ever seen?  It was easy enough to "persuade" someone in person
but this time I was doing it in a letter.  "Shit.  I hope this works," I
told myself.

	When I got up to leave, I left my little package on the small table
she has next to her desk.  It was a simple little box with the name Barbara
written nicely on the top.  She thanked me for stopping by and said that
she would write to me sometime this afternoon.  "That isn't the only thing
you are going to do for me, Barbara," a little voice in my head had said.

	Barbara closed her door behind me.  She was known for working in her
office for hours on end without the distraction of office noise by making
sure that her door was closed good and tight.  She returned to her desk but
noticed there was something special sitting on her end table.  "How did this
get here?" she wondered.  Taking it to her semi comfortable office chair
she sat down and opened it.

	Inside her little gift she discovered a nice pair of sexy black
panties.  A pair that was in drastic contradiction to the plain white ones
she knew she was wearing at the time.  Also inside was a little note.  Thinking
the whole situation odd, but having noone to ask about it, she read the letter.

	Barbara,
	The message you are about to read is very specific.  I want you
	to follow everything in it to the letter.  I want you to make sure
	that your door is shut and make sure that noone can see you through
	your window.

"Easy enough," she thought.  "But what the hell is this all about?"  She
found herself drawn back to reading the letter.

	I want you to remove the panties that you are wearing and put on
	the ones that you have just received.

"What?  Yeah, right," she said in a muffled voice as she kicked her shoes off
and stood up.  Barbara was wearing a dress suit that made her look business-like
but very appealing none the less.  She unfastened the skirt at the waist and 
gingerly stepped out of the material.  Next came her all too familiar slip.  Who
still wears them these days?  I don't mind.  I have always been attracted to 
what women wear under their clothes, so this nice little extra was no bother.
Finally, it was time to remove her pantyhose.  They came off in that all too 
awkwardness that is removing pantyhose.  They sure don't have anything on good
old fashioned stockings, but I can see their utility.  

There she stood.  Half naked and questioning what she was doing, she returned
to the letter.

	If you are wearing stockings, I want you to leave them on.  If you
	are wearing any other kind of hosiery I want you to fold them up
	an put them in your desk.

That cleared things up.  Although, she thought it a bit odd, being half
naked in the middle of her office, she continued to follow the commands
to the letter.  Folding up her nylons, she placed them in her desk drawer
then proceeded to pull her white cotton panties down to her ankles.  Stepping
out of them, she replaced them with the pretty black silk ones.  "Nice,"
she admired.  When the waistband reached her hips (and the silken material
touched her smoothly shaven pussy lips) she let out a sigh and began to notice
the dampness she was feeling between her legs.

	Dress yourself in the rest of your clothing now and sit in your
	chair.  I want you to make these panties as damp as you can with
	your cunt.  I want you to finger yourself until the material is
	soaked with the wetness between your legs.  Right now you are
	getting hotter than you have ever been before.  Your hot, little 
	pussy is getting wetter and wetter.

The letter was right!  Barbara did find herself more aroused than she could
ever remember.  But she was at work!  What if she got caught?  She found
herself trying to resist hiking up her skirt and running her fingers over
her swollen pussy lips.  But the lust within her was growing stronger and
stronger and she found that she couldn't stop no matter how hard she tried.

This was driving her crazy!  She put her hand inside the panties and began
to run her finger over the pouty lips that surrounded her vagina.  Quickly
she pulled her hand away, remembering that the note said that she had to
make the panties as wet as possible.  She began fingering herself through
the silken material.  The feeling was better than anything she ever
remembered feeling before.

	Continue on with the rest of the day, but you are not to remove
	these panties until 5:00.  You are to remain aroused but not let
	on that you are.  Remember, I want these panties returned to me
	soaking wet with your excitement. You will be aware of what you
	are doing but there is nothing that you will be able to do about
	it.

	Calvin

"Calvin!  So that's who was up to this!  I should have known."  Angry, she
put the note down and fixed her skirt.  She got up to confront her would-
be "master" and started towards the door.  Before she reached it, however,
she noticed that as she walked the silky smoothness of her new underwear
caressed her excited sex and made her tingle.  "What is going on here?"
she questioned.  "Why am I so hot?"  Barbara couldn't answer herself.  All
she knew is that her steamy pussy was begging for her to give it the
attention that it was demanding.

	She returned to her chair (intent on making sure that I got what was
coming to me) and lifted her skirt to where it was before, bunched up at
her waist.  Starting slowly at first, but then moving faster, she stroked
her pussy in her familiar way of bringing herself to climax.  Fingering
herself was never a replacement for having a man do what she
wanted, but it did allow her to fantasize about the things that she could
never seem to get her lovers to do for her.

	Barbara's sexual tension was building as she thought about tongues
rolling over where her fingers where rubbing.  Thoughts of oral sex switched to
thoughts of other sex.  Barbara had always dreamed about what it would be like
to take a man's cock in her ass, but none of her previous lovers ever wanted
to try.  She arched her back and brought her ass forward on her chair, making
it easier for her to rub her tight, secret rosebud that she'd fantasized
about men exploring.  "Fuck him!  I am going to waste some of this wetness
and make this worthwhile."  Probing her drenched pussy for some lubrication,
Barbara pulled out two fingers that were completely coated with her excitement.

	Making small circles over her tight, puckered, sweet little asshole, she
made it possible for one of her slick fingers to penetrate her willing
backdoor.  She let out a moan at the same time her ass let her finger in.
The feeling was more than she could stand.  Being so close to cumming in the
first place, having her ass filled with her finger drove her over the edge
to ecstasy.  Letting out a moan that was only stifled by her closed office
door, Barbara came and she came hard.  Running her finger in an out of her
ass while her hips bucked in the swivel chair made her mind reel.  Her thumb
made sure that her clit was getting it fair share of attention.
This was fantastic!  Her climax continuing, Barbara managed her second finger
inside before her pussy contractions subsided.  Pushing in an out even after
she felt the minor orgasmic tremors cease, Barbara got the most out of this
little playtime with herself.

	She pulled her fingers delicately from her secret love hole and removed
her hands from inside the panties.  "Mustn't forget," she reminded herself
(or was is the subtle prompting of the implanted suggestion?), she rubbed
the crotch of her panties deep inside the folds of her pussy, making sure
that they were getting good and damp.

	Barbara straightened herself out and decided that it was best that she
go to the washroom and clean herself up.  Nothing unusual about going to the
washroom after lunch, is there?  She fixed her skirt to where nothing seamed
out of the ordinary and continued on her way.

	I couldn't wait until 5:00.  I was so distracted that I couldn't 
accomplish anything at my desk for most of the afternoon.  It was slowing 
creeping towards 4:00 when I received an Email message from Barbara.

	To:  Cal
	From:  Barbara
	Subject:  Fuck yourself!

	Cal,

	I don't know how you are doing this to me but I swear that
	when this is over, you are _really_ in for it!

	Go to Hell!

	Barbara.

	Well, that was unexpected, to say the least.  I guess in my excitement, 
I forgot that this might be a little upsetting for her.  Seeing as I was
being successful in my written commands, why not let the email take over
for a while?

	To:  Barbara
	From:  Cal
	Subject:  No.  You are going to fuck yourself.

	Barbara,

	I am sorry.  I thought you were enjoying yourself.  In fact,
	you are enjoying yourself.  Remember?  You love the feel of
	that soft silk gently rolling over your pussy.

	Now, just because of your little defiance, I am going to tell
	you just how you are going to return my gift to me.

	At the end of the day, you are going to come to my office,
	close the door behind you, come over to my desk, and bend over
	it.  You will then pull up your dress and show me how wet you
	were able to make your panties.

	Do you understand?  I want you to wave that tight little ass
	in my face and show me what you have been up to.

	Finally, you are going to beg me to fuck you in any way that
	you want.  It is up to you to decide which hole is going to
	be filled by my cock.

	Don't forget, I want those panties drenched.  Maybe it would
	be a good idea for you to finger yourself one last time before
	you get here.

	See you at 5.  :)

	Cal

	The last hour was murder for me.  Everything was working perfectly.  So
much so, that going back to Victoria's Secret to talk things over with
the beautiful employee was definitely in the near future.  But I couldn't
concern myself with thoughts of her.  I had to keep my mind on the sexy
little vixen that was going to be here at 5.

	At last, five o'clock rolled around.  My cock was pounding in my pants,
begging for attention.  I couldn't believe the control I was showing in not
getting myself off before Barbara got here.  That really took all the effort
I had.  On most days, it is all I can do from not stroking my cock at the
thought of her.  Today has shown me new heights in self control, to say
the least.

	A few minutes after five Barbara came into my office.  As she closed the
door I said, "You're late."

"I am sorry," she said softly, "I was held up at the last minute.  Someone
stopped by.  I was almost caught...  You know... "

"You know this means that I am going to have to change some things now,
don't you?  That is no excuse for being late."  I told her in a stern voice.
"But, first things first, show me what you have got for me."

	She walked over behind my desk and in from of me.  She bent seductively
over the top of the desk and grabbed the sides of her skirt and slip with both
hands.  Slowly she lifted the hem until it was just below exposing what
I sought.

"How are you going to change things?" she asked.

"That is none of your concern right now.  C'mon let me see what I have
been waiting to see all afternoon."

	She pulled the skirt the rest of the way up exposing those delicate
black panties that I so desperately wanted.  She had definitely done what I
had commanded her to.  What I saw before me was her smooth ass covered by
that lacy silk with a very large damp spot centered right at her snatch.
It was an erotic sight, to say the very least.

	I told her to remove them and then bend completely over my desk.  She
complied and I had sitting before me Barbara's beautiful pussy that was
gleaming with her excitement.  (I didn't expect to see that Barbara's pussy was
shaved, but it was definitely a sight worth seeing!) It was too much for me 
to bare.  I grabbed her sex drenched panties, undid my pants, took out my 
cock, and began stroking it within the folds of the silken undergarment.  It 
felt fantastic!  My eyes closed, focusing my attention on the sensations that
were centered at my crotch.  I brought myself almost to the point of orgasm
but then realized that I couldn't waste the opportunity of having the
woman of my fantasies on a self absorbed masturbation.

	I opened my eyes and noticed that Barbara had turned her head so that
she could watch me fondle my cock.  It must have turned her on because I noticed
that she was slowly rubbing her pussy with her eyes fixed on my hard on.
I stopped jerking myself off and moved forward on my chair so I could more
closely examine the fine ass that was before me.

	Taking her butt in my hands, I parted her cheeks to expose the well
shaved pussy that Barbara had been hiding under her clothes all this time that
I had known her.  It looked so good, I needed to have a taste.  My tongue
started between her pretty little asshole and her vagina.  I circled it
once around her backdoor to tease it and then continued down to part her
lips.  In her present position I was finding it hard to probe my tongue
where I wanted to so I told her to turn around and sit on my desk.

	Now that I had all the access I needed, I was ready to lick her for all
I was worth.  There is nothing more that I like than eating a woman out
(well there is something more but I am getting to that).  I moved my tongue
over the smooth pussy lips.  Teasing her clit with gentle flicks but
never giving it too much attention.  Every time I came close to it, she
would try to move her hips so that I would give it the attention that she
desperately wanted me to give.  I would have nothing of it.  This lovely
little girl was going to come only when I said it was time.  I mean who is
in control here, her or me?

	I reached up and started to caress her breast from outside of her
blouse.  I have always been attracted to women with smaller chests.  Barbara's
was just the size I liked.  I could feel her nipples were quite erect.  She
gasped as I pinched he nipple a little harder than I meant to.  She didn't
seem to mind.  This excited me more, if that was possible.

	At this point my hard on was on the verge of taking charge of the
situation.  It couldn't stand to just sit back and watch the show.  It wanted 
to join into the fun.  I stood up and without saying a word, leaned Barbara back
on the desk. In the position we were in, the length of my cock was resting
on her very hot, and very sweet pussy.  It almost burned with how hot
she was.  I pulled the head back so that it was centered just right for
entry.  Just then Barbara spoke.

"No!"  She hissed, "I want you in my ASS!"

	She moved her hand to her snatch and began spreading her wetness all 
over her ass.  I had no intention of neglecting her tight little asshole, but
seeing as she was quite eager for my cock in her ass, who was I to refuse.
After all, she had done this much for me (all under my control, of course,
but...)  She grabbed hold of my raging hard on (her touch almost throwing
me over the edge) and placed the head right on top of her little pink
rosebud.  I wasn't sure how easy this was going to be, but it turns out
that she had been loosening herself up while she had been complying with
my instructions to dampen her panties.

	With her pushing back on my probing member, her backdoor opened and
I was in.  Just the tip, but that is the most difficult part, right?
We both let out moans that couldn't begin to express our arousal.  I had
always wanted a woman this way but previous girlfriends thought it wasn't
right.  To bad I didn't discover the power back then.

	She wrapped her arms around my shoulders and literally pulled me the 
rest of the way into her ass.  My cock moved slowly,  gently inside of her.  
I wasn't sure how far inside of her it would fit.  To my amazement, she took 
it all of the way in.  My pubic hair was resting on her ass cheeks.  A 
sensation for me that I knew I would want to feel again and again and again.

"Let me get used to this, ok?" she asked.  Who was I to refuse.  I was going
to make sure this was something we never forgot, either of us.

"Alright.  Take it slow."

	I began pulling out of her tight (unbelievably tight) sphincter.  It 
pulled out quick and my erection almost came out.  I stopped just before the 
head left and changed direction on the motion.  I was able to go the whole 
length again and I repeated what I was doing for a couple of strokes.

"A little faster," she whispered in my ear.

	Obligingly, I began to increase the frequency of my thrusts into her
oh so tight little hole.  It was amazing.  How could I have gone so long
in my life without ever having done this before?  After a few minutes 
I didn't need her to tell me when to pick up the pace.  I was going for 
all I was worth.

	"Oh, yes!  Oh, God!  This is incredible!  Oh, yes! OH, yes! OH, YES!"
she moaned.  She brought her hand down to make sure that her clit didn't
go unattended to.  She was screaming and fingering herself like crazy.
I was pumping in and out of her ass like there was no tomorrow.  It
was the combination of how good it felt and her moans of passion that
finally threw me past the point of no return.  I grunted my release as
the first of many hot blasts of cum went from my shaft into her hot, hot
asshole.  My eyes closed tight and I thrust in one final time to the hilt.
The feeling was like nothing I had ever known.

	After more spurts than I can remember, I felt my orgasm subsiding as
Barbara eased her pent up sexual tension.  I could feel her sphincter
tightening around my cock with each contraction of her vaginal muscles.
It was a feeling that words can't give due credit.  I don't know how many
times she had cum today but if they were decreasing in severity every time,
she must have climaxed unbelievably hard while she was alone!  The look on
her face was of a woman having the best cum of her life.  It made me feel
great to think that I could do that to a woman.

	We just sat there holding each other for some time.  My cock was 
getting softer in her ass but was still pretty firm.  I began to pull out but 
she grabbed my ass, looked me straight in the eyes, and said, "You are not 
going anywhere!"  She pulled me to her and demanded more.  I didn't know how 
long she could keep this up but after having just cum like I did, I knew I was
going to be good for quite some time before I had my next big burst.

	The look on her face and the contractions of her anus on my cock made
the waning erection do and about face.  This gorgeous little blonde was
making me so hot that rather than going limp after my first orgasm my cock
grew back to full size.  This was all while I was still planted firmly
between her amazing cheeks.

	So there we were.  Barbara with a look on her face that I am sure would
make straight women think of switching.  Me with an erection that even I
couldn't believe that I could get.  And my cock, nestled deeply inside of
Barbara's rectum.  This was more than I had ever hoped to accomplish with
my newly found talent for mind control.

	Seeing as I hadn't used a condom, I figured I had better make this one
be just as good as the first.  We weren't going to have vaginal sex after
this, we both knew the rules of cleanliness and health.  Now that my cock was 
(astonishingly) back to its full size, I slowly started to pump in and out of 
this  incredibly hot beauty's backdoor.

"Cal.  I love this," she breathed deeply into my ear.

	By now, I was thinking that it would be best if we moved her to a more
comfortable and receptive position.  I pulled out of a place that I
never wished to leave.

"Let's see if we can't make you a little bit more comfortable," I said with
adoration for my Barbara.  "I am not finished with you yet, but I want you to
enjoy this as much as I am."  Making sure that the control was still there
I offered her a little suggestion.  "Would you like to show me your firm
tits?"  "Not if it is going to keep you from filling my ass with your
manhood."  Hmmm.  Seems like that email command telling her to enjoy things was
still working well enough.  I am going to have to reward her when this is over
for being so receptive to my controlling influences.  Not to mention being 
the best fuck I think I have ever had.

	Noting my office wasn't designed for this type of workout, it was up 
to me to improvise the most comfortable position for Barbara to be for me to 
have sex with her anally.  Not having much to work with, I cleared off my own
small office table and had her bend forward.  Placing her beautiful, but as 
of yet unexposed chest close to the table's surface, resting on her 
forearms, she waved those silky buns at me as she had with her dripping panties
still enveloping her sexy little ass.  I moved in behind her and now had the
best position to glide my cock in and out of her wondrous little hole. 
Pressing the bulbous tip gently over her puckered asshole, I prepared to
continue our already incredible after work lovemaking session.

	With hands on her hips and my cock ready to dive deep inside her,
I pulled her gently backwards.  A slow sultry moan passed her lips.  My
cum in her ass mixed with her own pussy juices kept her passage lubed well
enough for us to continue our fun.  As she reached the full length of my
shaft I reached up and grabbed her shoulders.  Moving my lips up close to
her ear I gave her a little extra mental prod.  "Talk dirty to me."
Seeing her reluctance, I prodded a little harder.  "I want you to tell me
to fuck you."  What happened to the woman that almost demanded for me
to fuck her in the ass?  I guess saying it once was fine but me asking her
to say more was a little more than she was willing to offer.

"F-f-fuck me," came a low, almost inaudible sound.

"More," I said.

"Fuck my ass."

"More."

"I want you to fuck me.  Fuck my tight little asshole."

"Ask nicely."

"Would you please fuck my tight little asshole?"

	I began at a slow pace, but then, as before, started to quicken the
pace.  I would move the entire length of my shaft deep within her rectum.
Then I would draw it back to the point where the muscles of her sphincter
would be just touching the crown of my cock.  It felt wonderful.  It felt
nasty.  It felt mind blowing.  I am not kidding, it felt _good_!

	Finding myself getting to that point again (and suprised, recalling
how violently I came the last time) I slowed the thrusting.  Bending
slightly at the waist, I fit my hands around Barbara's waist and tugged her
blouse out of the waistband of the dress.  It was almost out anyway from
all the writhing that she had been doing at the desk and on the table.
I worked my way up to those well shaped, slightly smallish tits.  God,
they felt firm.  That is one of the things I like about a woman with
smaller breasts.  They are usually quite firm and responsive to the touch.
My Barbara didn't let me down one bit in this department either.

	I found the clasp on her racer back bra in the middle of her
cleavage and freed those fantastic little titties.  I noted her nipples
were rock solid when I felt them through her B cups so I knew that a pinch
or two would elicit the proper response.  I tightened my grip on her firm
little nipples and she bucked her ass back up against my cock.  It was
almost as if I had told her what I wanted.  I plunged deep into her ass and
took this opportunity to give her all I was worth.  In and out I pushed and
pulled.  This was the best fucking I had ever had (and if I could do it
once, I could do it again and again and...).  I moved my right hand from 
her breast and found her hardened clit waiting for me to give it some
attention.  Barbara was so wet from all the excitement that her pussy was
dripping moisture all down both her legs.  

"Your pussy is so wet, Barbara.  And you aren't getting any of it on your new 
panties.  What am I going to do with you?  Should I fuck a little faster?
Should I fuck a little harder?"

"Yes.  Oh Yes!  Oh God!  Oh yeah.  Fuck me, Cal!  Fuck my ass.  I have
wanted this for so long and you are so good."

This was it.  With her cries of lust, Barbara had pushed me over that edge
for a second time.  Cupping her tit in my hand and fingering her swollen
clit with the other, I pulled our bodies close and came.  I came hard.
Harder, I think, than the first time.  Was that possible?  Damn right it
was!  Here I was ass fucking the most incredible, most wonderful, most
sensual beauty that I think that I have ever met.  Why wouldn't she take me
to new sexual heights?  (The fact that I was in total mental control
of her sexual passions notwithstanding.)

	As if on cue, those familiar muscular ripples of pleasure
began clenching my pulsing cock.  Barbara was cumming so much that more of
her flowing sweetness was running down her legs than I had ever thought 
possible.  If only I could have caught it in the crotch of her silken
underwear...  Her breathing was gaspish and erratic.  Her heavy sighing came
in-between stunted intakes of air.  Wanting to make sure that she was
satisfied, I wheeled the desk chair over and had her sit.  Before she knew
what was happening, my tongue was racing over the folds of her fully
engorged labia.  She tasted so sweet.  I love the taste of a woman.  If I
could get paid to do it the rest of my life, I'd quit my present job
in a heartbeat!

"Don't fuck around with me, Cal!  Lick my clit!"

	With that kind of encouragement, I did as I was told.  (Remember,
I didn't prompt her to tell me this one.)  Moving the tip of my tongue
quickly and surely over her steaming pussy I found my way to where she'd
needed me to be.  Her hands now holding my head firmly in position, she
made sure that she was feeling everything that she had wanted to feel.
Having just cum so much from our anal play, she was close to cumming
again.  I wasn't going to allow her to ease one bit of her sexual tension.
I licked her with a passion.  I tongued her with lust.  I was hoping that
she could handle the stimulation.  She did and more.  Wave after wave of
pleasure hit her.  Barbara clasped her thighs over the sides of my head.
Cries of ecstasy escaped her lips.  I think she was getting the most out
of our little encounter.  The grip of her thighs began to loosen around
my head.  That is when I went after her clit again.  

"Let's see how far we can take this," I thought.

"Oh my God!  Oh my God!  No!  No!! Not agggggggggghhhhhhhhnnnnnn!!!!!"
She grunted.  

	Her hips bucked and bucked as I gave her clit the consideration I 
thought it deserved.  I would have slipped a finger into her ass to add
to the sensations but in light of all the anal play we just had, I thought
better of it.  I eased back the caressing of her now overly sensitive
pleasure center.  I slowed with light kisses all around her well excited
pussy.  My face was covered in her moisture.  I noticed Barbara was near the
point of exhaustion (and so was I for that matter) but she still had the
strength to pull me up into a warm and loving hug.  After a couple of
minutes of gently rubbing each others backs while in our embrace, I thought
it was time to get dressed.

	Putting on our clothes (or should I say straightening out the
clothes we were wearing) we finally made ourselves presentable to the
world.  This was definitely the episode to which I was going to compare
all of my future sexual encounters to.  This was by far the best sex I 
had ever had.  I had to thank my Barbara for it.  By thanking her I meant
allowing her to forget all of this that happened to her against her will.

"I can make it so you don't remember any of this, Barbara."  I said.

"Thank you, Cal.  But I don't think that will be quite necessary."  She replied.

"Are you sure about that?" I asked.  Thinking that for sure she would want
to forget all about what I had coerced her into doing.

"I am sure.  I just need you to promise me that this won't happen again.
I don't think I could handle many more sessions like the one we just had.
I can't say that I didn't enjoy it.  To tell you the truth, I _loved_ it.
But, I don't think that it should happen this way again."

"Alright, Barbara.  I promise."  I said as I leaned over and kisses her
lightly on the cheek.  "You're free to go."

Returning my affectionate kiss, she whispered in my ear, "The next time
this happens, don't be so sure it is you who are in control."

================================================================================

I wrote Barbara the story, gave it to her to read, and then two days later
I suprised her by acting out the fantasy.  This is something she wrote that
I felt that needed to be included to complete the story--Cal.

Hi!  I'm Barbara.  Cal wrote this story as a gift for me.  I thought 
it was one of the best stories I'd ever read (I don't have access to the
use-net) and a very exciting fantasy for me since I was in it.  I got
off the very first time I read it, in the office he described.  I also
looked around.  The story was so real, I half expected to see a little
box sitting on my work table.  There wasn't, of course.  This place has
high security and there's no way someone could've got in my office.

Two days after he gave the story to me, Cal stopped by for a work related
visit.  He was here for about a half hour.  About 20 or 25 minutes into his
visit, I noticed a small white box sitting in the open on my table.  I 
couldn't believe it!  I knew instantly what it _had_ to be but still 
couldn't believe it.  My heart started pounding and I stuttered a bit.  I 
felt my face turning red so I turned away from Cal so he wouldn't know I
noticed.  (I still don't know how he slipped it there without my noticing.  
The box wasn't _that_ small.)

After he left, I closed the door behind him and, with trembling hands,
picked up the box.  I opened it.  The letter was nearly identical to
the one in the story.  (One of the few changes was to meet at his house
at 5:00 instead of his office.)  I was so hot (and wet) at this point.  
Was I going to go through with this?  Did I have a choice?  

I enjoyed the first pair of silk panties to touch my bare pussy.  What
an experience! 

Instead of rewriting Cal's whole story, I'd just like to say the real 
fantasy wasn't identical to the story but was very, very similar.  
I can honestly say it was the most erotic experience I've ever had in 
my life!  

I highly recommend, to any of you out there, writing an exciting fantasy 
for your SO and then acting it out...without telling your SO that is
your intention.  This experience really was like a dream come true.  I
still can't believe it happened.

Barbara

P.S.  I heard there's been a lot of talk about anal sex over time in 
various boards on use-net.  Things like:  do women really enjoy it, does
it hurt, etc.  I can tell you women LOVE it and NO it doesn't have to hurt.
It feels _so_ good!
