           THE SILVER TRAY


 I couldn't help notice as I seated myself on the plane that the woman seated
next to me was quite attractive, striking in fact, even dressed as she was in
a pair of jeans and a sweater.  We had been on the plane for about an hour
when she seemed to notice the article that I was reading, a piece in
 Newsweek about on-line computer services.  I noted that she was looking over
my shoulder a bit as I plowed through the pages.  It wasn't til a bit later,
as we were looking in disdain at the food that we had been served, that she
spoke up.
 "I noticed that you were reading about computer services.  do you know much
about that sort of thing?"
 "Actually I do spend some amount of time online.  Do you?"
 "Well, I have ...a friend that joined one of those services and we've played
around a bit.  Pretty interesting."
 "I enjoy it.  I communicate with people from all around the country and take
advantages of lots of the other services"
 "I've heard that things can get kinda..racy sometimes?"
 "Mmm, yea it can"
 "Have you ever had....what do they call it...."cybersex" or "virtual sex"?
 "Mmmmm, I guess you could say so," I candidly replied.
 The conversation continued through lunch, exploring computer meetings,
online services, but she continued to steer the conversation toward sex.  I
learned that her name was Julie and that she was headed home after a business
trip to San Francisco.  The flight attendant finally picked up our trays, and
we continued our discussion.
 "Have you ever gotten into any of the B & D conversations on the computer,"
Julie asked, catching me quite off guard?
 With peaked interest I answered that in fact I had.  Instead of continuing
that line of questions, she simply gave me a knowing smile and simply said,
"Interesting".
 I thought that the conversation was going to get, real interesting, but it
turned to more mundane subjects as we continued through the clouds.  It was
during the final descent that Julie turned to me and asked if I had dinner
plans that night.  As I was looking at a boring night in my hotel room, I was
more than interested in a chance of dinner with an beautiful woman.  
 "I have no plans, at all.  I'd love to have dinner with you."
 I told her where I would be staying and Julie agreed to pick me up at seven
o'clock in front of the hotel.  I had been standing in front of the hotel for
about two minutes when I heard a beep and turned to see Julie sitting in a
late model sports car.  She was even more alluring now than earlier, on the
plane.  Dressed for the warm evening, she wore a short tight red skirt  and
sheer white blouse, and a pearl choker, quite a change from her earlier
wardrobe.  As I climbed into the car I noticed her well shaped, slender
thighs, sans stockings.  She had selected a small restaurant which had been
built in an old house.  Each room had only two or three tables had a warm
intimate feeling.  We were soon seated at a small table lit by a single
candle.  In the dim candlelight, the lean curves of her face and lean angles
of her shoulders were accentuated and I grew even more interested in this
mystery woman.  As romantic an evening as Julie seemed to have planned, our
conversation held a pretty businesslike tone, politics, travel, sports.  Not
what the environment might have suggested , but who knew what Julie's
intentions might have been.  As dinner was slowly coming to an end and we
were finishing up our last sips of wine, Julie dropped an unexpected line.
 "So, you frequent these B & D rooms online, do you ?  "
 "Yea, I've been known to hang out there at times."
 As before, she completed the exchange with a simple, "Interesting."
 She quickly turned the conversation to questions about my trip and what my
business here would entail.  I really couldn't figure out how to read the
mixed signals that I had been receiving from Julie, but I decided not to
worry about it and just enjoy the evening.  It was about ten by the time we
left the restaurant.  
 "I live quite close to here," She volunteered, "would you like to stop by
for a drink?"
 Well, what man could resist an offer like that?
 "Sure, I'd love to," I answered, still not raising my expectations.
 Five minutes later we pulled into Julie's driveway.  The house was a
traditional midwestern style, probably built in the twenties...two levels,
probably with a full basement and attic.
 "C'mon in.  Make yourself comfortable."
 "Thanks, Julie.  It's a real treat to be in a real house and away from the
hotel.  I get so tired of hotels."
 "I'm gonna open a bottle of wine,  would you like red or white?"
 "Red would be  great, Julie, thanks."
 "Ahh, a man after my own heart!"
 Julie disappeared into the back of the house and returned a couple minutes
later with a bottle of cabernet, a corkscrew, and two glasses.  As Julie
poured, I decided to turn the corner and initiate a new line of questions.
 "So, why are you interested in my B & D exploits on the computer service?"
 "Oh, just kinda interested.  My friend told me about that stuff.  She's
always talking about it."
 "Your friend told you?"
 "Yes, my friend, who has the computer."
 During this short exchange, Julie's answers were anything but believable,
and I doubted the existance of a "friend" with the computer.  It was clear
that Julie would reveal her hand only when she was ready.  We made a quick
toast for good luck and sipped the wine.  She had just topped off the wine in
my glass, when Julie excused herself and went to the back of the house.  
 It had about five minutes, and I was looking at a magazine when I saw Julie
returning, holding a silver tray in her hands.  Initially I didn't quite
realize what was on the tray, but as Julie walked closer and stood in front
of me the contents of the tray became quite obvious.  Julie, now barefooted,
was presenting me with a set of leather wrist and ankle cuffs, a collar,  a
set of small locks, and a couple length of silver chain.
 "I thought you might make use of these,...Sir," said Julie as she bowed her
head.
 The day's conversations and questions about B & D suddenly all made sense.
 Although somewhat shocked, it took me little time to consider the situation
and what I would do.  I took the smaller pair of cuffs from the tray and then
asked Julie to place the tray on the table.  
 "Give me your wrist"
 Julie reached her right hand out to me and I soon had placed the softly
lined leather cuff on her wrist.
 "The other."
 Her left hand came forward and was in like manner bound within the cuff.
 Taking another cuff from the tray I then asked Julie to place her right
ankle up on the chair, between my legs, so that I could place a cuff on it.
 Obediently she complied.  I secured the buckle on her slender ankle and
requested that she place her other foot within my reach.  Hardly three
minutes had elapsed since she had arrived with the tray, and Julie's limbs
now wore the cuffs that she had offered.
 "Julie, stand in the center of the room and place your hands behind your
head,"  I gently commanded.
 Julie took a few steps backward and did as I requested.  I rose slowly from
the chair and approached my new slave.  Clearly I had noticed her beauty
earlier, but the opportunity of taking her as my slave was rapidly running
away with my imagination.  I walked around her, closely surveying her body,
then looking deeply into her gray blue eyes.  A soft touch to the soft curls
of her brown hair, a gentle stroke of her neck,  a tender caress down her
back, each evoking a short sigh from Julie.  My hand dropped to her rear and
cupped her ass, feeling her firm body.  Julie pushed herself into my hand,
affirming her approval of my method, and prompting me to explore more of her
body.  I reached for one of the locks laid out on the tray, and moving her
arms behind her, locked them in place.  I unbuttoned the top buttons of her
blouse revealing only a lacy silk camisole covering Julie's breasts, I boldly
reached my hand inside her clothing and placed my hand over her modest
breasts.  Julie took a deep sigh and closed her eyes as I softly cupped her
firm breast in my hand.  My fingers searched, through the soft silk of the
camisole, for her nipple, and soon finding it, pinched it deftly, til it
became erect.  Julie, her eyes still closed and breathed deeply, as my
fingers assaulted her other nipple.
 With some restraint, I unfastened the remaining buttons of her blouse and
slid it off her shoulders, revealing the sculpted form of her shoulders, the
pearl choker she still wore setting off her features.  My hands again gently
caressed her breasts through the silk,  and finally pulled the delicate
straps of the camisole from her shoulders and slid the scant garment to her
waist.  Man hands finally caressed the soft skin of her bare breasts, her
shoulders and then stroking the velvet skin of her back.  The scent of her
perfume coupled with the sight of her beautiful body were awakening a very
nice sensation between my legs.   I reached for the button holding Julie's
skirt, unfastened it, slid down the zipper and a moment later her skirt
dropped to the floor.  Julie, without prompting stepped out of the skirt, the
entire time her empassioned breathing keeping me apprised of her arousal.  
 "Sir, you might like to take me to the basement, I think you'll find many
interesting "implements" there," suggested Julie in a quite tone.
 Quickly grasping the meaning of "implements" I decided to do as my little
slave had suggested.  I unfastened the lock securing her wrists for just long
enough to slide Julie's blouse from her arms, taking the opportunity to place
a soft path kisses up her back.  I led her thru the kitchen to the door which
led downstairs to the basement, and down the dark staircase.  Julie pointed
out another doorway thru which I led her.  I switched on the lighting to
reveal a well outfitted playroom, or dungeon, one might say.  The space was
lit with several tiny spotlights each seeming to highlight some piece of
apparatus.  There were a couple of pulleys for overhead suspension,  a huge
wheel with several places to affix a rope, a pair of parallel wooden poles
rising from the floor which was fitted with a number of rings, a set of
stocks, a padded sawhorse with rings to which someone could be tied, a
beautiful wooden bondage table, a rack with several whips, many more cuffs,
rope, and seemingly everything one could imagine with which to secure a
slave.  All this, and Julie inviting me to use any part of it on her.
  Julie now stood, clad only in her panties, her camisole hanging at her
waist, in the glow of one of the spotlights  Her ivory skin seemed to glow
with a light of it's own as she stood nearly bare on the soft carpet.  
 "Sir, please, please don't use the cat to whip me," pleaded my slave with a
knowing look in her eyes and a smile on her lips.
 It seemed clear that this was her way of suggesting that she would like to
be whipped.  I may have been the dominant, but it seemed that my sub wished
to have some part in directing her fate.  I again released the lock holding
her wrists and walked her to the space between the parallel poles.  I linked
her wrists to rings, one to each pole, spread above her head.   I couldn't
resist the opportunity to take her nipples in my lips and bring them to the
erect state they had been in earlier.  With Julie immobilized, I went to the
rack to select the whip that Julie had suggested.  It was large, made of
heavy black leather and had probably ten or twelve strands.  
 Julie winked as she again pleaded, "Please, please don't whip me with the
cat, sir."
 I returned briefly to the cabinet and selected a ball gag which I placed in
my subject's mouth and buckled in place.  Now, standing behind her, I began
her lashing, with a light but stinging stroke to her back.  Julie pulled at
her bonds with every stroke and groaned with pleasure with each stroke of the
leather thongs.  After a few lashes I walked around in front of Julie, making
it clear that her breasts were next.  She moaned and nodded here head in
agreement as the first stroke met her body.  I applied several more lashes to
her lean torso before ceasing.  It was time for Julie to be stripped of her
remaining clothing.  I ran my hand up her thigh and placed it on her firm
ass, teasing my subject, building the anticipation.  Stepping behind her I
now slid my fingers under her panties and down over her soft pubic hair,
delicately pressing against her cunt.  Then, quickly, in one motion I slid
the discarded camisole and her panties over her hips, letting them drop to
the floor at her feet.  I kicked dainty  bits of clothing aside and set about
securing Julie's ankles to the base of the poles.  The cuffs were soon linked
to the rings on the pole, spreading her legs wide apart, exposing every part
of her to me.
 I began to trace the soft curves of Julie's body with my fingers, from her
hips, across her supple belly to her breasts, and on to her sculpted
shoulders.  Again and again I traveled this soft trail as she became more and
more sensitized to my touch, nearly imperceptible moans from behind the gag
divulging her feelings.  Clearly Julie was enjoying herself too much.
 Without warning my palm met the tender skin of Julie's firm ass, evoking
quite a reaction from my subject.  The spanking was alternated with soft
rubbing of Julie's ass, my fingers exploring between her legs as I rubbed.  I
continued the spanking in this manner til Julie's rear was a lovely shade of
pink, and her cunt was begging for attention, but I resisted the temptation
to slide my fingers futher into her moist slit.
 Finally I ceased my attack on Julie's rear, removed the ball gag, and walked
around in front of her.
 "How are you, little Slave?"
 "Oh, sir, thank god you didn't decide to torture my nipples!"
 "Your nipples, what a nice idea," I said, knowing that Julie was simply
dropping a hint.
 I walked to the cabinet and selected two simple clothespins and then
returned to Julie.  I gently teased her nipples til the again stiffened, just
hard enough to affix the clothespins.  
 "No, no Sir, not clothespins!"
 Julie clinched her teeth as, one at a time I slid the wooden clamps onto to
her delicate tits.  Her arms again strained against the cuffs that held her.
 I flicked the clothespins with my fingers, before moving to her thighs.  I
began to stroke up her thighs to her pussy, again and again, diverting her
attention from her nipples to her pussy.  Then a quick flick to the
clothespins then back to her thighs.  Julie was soon in sensory overload.
 Finally I decided to give her a bit of relief and gently, so gently, I
removed the first clothespin.  She again clenched her teeth as the blood
again began to circulate.  I took her aching tit in my lips and tenderly
soothed it with my tongue.  A minute later I removed and soothed the other,
much to Julie's pleasure.  
 I released her right wrist from the ring which had held it, and check her
other hand to see that she had not lost circulation.  I slid my hand down
between her legs and softly touched her mound.
 "Julie...masturbate for me"
 Her eyes grew wide, then she slowly moved her free had down and placed it
between her legs, the whole time her eyes glued to mine.  Slowly she began to
finger her now wet slit, probing for her clit.  Rhythmically, she began to
rub herself.  Deeper now, her finger worked, engaging her tender clit.  
 "Spank me, sir.  spank me."
 I walked around behind Julie and soon my palm met her firm ass with a
resounding smack.  Again and again I smacked her silky skin as she feverishly
massaged her clit.  Her teeth clenched, eyes closed and her limbs straining
against the cuffs that held her, Julie approached orgasm.   "My tits, suck my
tits, pinch 'em, please," begged Julie!
 Not wanting to disappoint my sub , I moved around to the front and egerly
took her nipple in my lips as my fingers massaged her other nipple and
pinched it intensely as her fingers continued at in intense pace. 
 "Oh yes, yes," Breathed Julie. 
 Satisfying her nipples, I switched and took the other in my lips and
caressed it with my tongue til I could feel it come erect.  
 Abandoning her nipples and now leaning close to Julie, I began to nibble on
her ear.  As I tenderly bit her earlobe, she nearly lost her breath.  This
may have been the single most stimulating thing that I had done so far.  Her
delicate scent went straight to my head as I softly caressed her with my
beard. I had found a most sensitive area and continued my assault around her
delicate neck and ear as her fingers continued on their mission.  Finally,
her body covered in perspiration, muscles in spasms of pleasure, straining
against the bonds that held her, Julie reached the orgasm for which she had
labored so.  
 The moans of pleasure having subsided, I released the limp girl from the
rigging that had held her.  With a short bit of chain, using the cuffs that
she wore, I secured her wrists behind her back and connected them to her
ankles.  My slave, now spent and still bound,  knelt on the floor before me.
 I walked across the room and moved a well finished sawhorse to where Julie
knelt.  The crossmember was well padded, and the legs had several rings to
which a slave might be secured.  I selected a slender leather paddle from the
cabinet and returned to Julie.  Her eyes widened as she saw the scenario that
was being prepared.
 "Ah...sir...?"
 "Quiet!"
 I released the chain that held Julie in the kneeling position and helped her
to her feet.  Moments later I leaned her over the horse placing her face down
on the padded top.  The cuffs on the ankles and wrists were soon attached to
the rings on the legs of the horse, Julie's ass quite accessible to the
paddle.
 "Sir...can we talk about this?"
 I stood in front of Julie and tenderly stroked her soft curls.
 "No," I softly replied
 "But."
 "No!"
 I raised my arm and with a flick of the wrist the paddle met Julie's already
tender skin with a smack.  I softly stroked her ass and slid my finger close
to her slit.  As she moved to meet my hand she met only another smack from
the paddle.  Again and again it teased her rear only to shock her with
another swat of the paddle.  Her ass was soon a lovely color of pink and ooo
so tender and her already wet pussy was pleading for attention.  Leaving
Julie alone for a minute I went upstairs to the kitchen, returning with a
couple cubes of ice. I almost expected to see steam coming from her ass as,
my subject strained at the cuffs, as I applied the cool ice to her hot rear.
 
 "Maybe we should cool that hot cunt with this ice cube?"
 "Ah.....Sir......I don't think so.....please...."
 Although I really wouldn't have done such a thing (or would I ) I continued
to discuss the subject with Julie, keeping the idea fresh in her mind.  Just
the thought already had her squirming.  I then gently began to tease her
nipples with the ice cube, alternating the cold ice with tender caresses.
 "Sir, I can think of something that I'd much rather have to soothe my
pussy."
 I had to admit that the past couple hours or so with Julie had me thinking
about a rather nice way of soothing her, not to mention myself, but I kept to
the task at hand.  I began to subtly slide my finger around her damp slit
evoking spasms of pleasure from her hips.  More and more I stroked her her
clit, ceaselessly massaging her most private areas.  Julie could barely stay
on her feet.
 "Hmmmm.  I'm bored with this.  I'll be right back....I need to refill my
wine glass."
 I walked away from my well restrained subject and went upstairs in search of
a glass of wine.
 "Sir!  Heh Heh Heh....Sir.  Ah....don't forget what you were doing...Sir,"
came the response from Julie as I departed!  "Sir!"  "Oh. Sir!"
 Being quite aware of the state in which I had left her, I soon returned to
Julie.  After a sweet kiss on her quite exposed ass I released her from the
horse and secured her wrists to which hung from two cables.   and tightened
them, pulling her arms above her head.  Once in place, I began to softly
tracing the curves of her breasts with my finger, moving subtly down her
torso to her hips, then tracing the soft line between her hips and her legs
and a quick bursh of her soft pubic hair.  My lips engaged her nipples and my
tongue soon had then erect.  Numerous paths were traced over Julie's most
sensitive areas, beginning with on her arms or legs, but moving deliberately
to her pubic triangle, teasing, stroking, keeping her wondering.  Standing
behind her, I seductively stroked the gentle curves of her back as I nibbled
at her earlobes.  My resistance having shrunken, I finally pressed my lips to
hers.  Julie's anxious tongue darted inside my lips, meeting mine in a
passionate embrace.  My hands cupping her ass, we continued to kiss
feverishly.
 "Now, Julie...If I were to release you, you wouldn't try to 'take advantage
of me' now would you.  I wouldn't want you to be trying to seduce me or
anything like that."
 "Oh, sir, clearly I wouldn't even think of that!" whispered Julie, giving me
an angelic but knowing look.
 My fingers had barely finished releasing Julie's wrists from the metal links
that had restrained them than her fingers were at the buttons of my shirt.
 In moments she was removing my shirt, her breasts soon pressed against my
bare skin, her arms wrapped around me.  We were soon on the floor
passionately fondling each other.  Julie's hands moved to my waist and soon
my belt was loosened and her hands were inside my pants, searching for my
cock.  I moaned in pleasure as her hands deftly found my member, stroking it
to attention.  Suddenly breaking away, Julie rose to her knees and quickly
went to work removing the remainder of my clothes, soon allowing us our first
nude embrace.   As our bodies intertwined, her skin against mine brought me
to another level of arousal.  
 Her caresses began gliding down toward my waist and soon her lips were
teasing my thighs as her fingers tickled my cock.  I thought I would dissolve
with pleasure as she finally took me inside her lips and her tongue traced
soft patterns on the tip of my eager member.  I was ready to plead for mercy
as Julie's slender body moved upwards.  Soon her lips were again pressed to
mine as she covered me with her tender body.  I could feel the soft fur of
her cunt against my penis as we pressed our bodies together.  As if with one
mind, we moved apart for only long enough for me to guide my cock into
Julie's waiting slit.  As I slid deep inside her we held each other in an
intense embrace.  I could feel the gentle spasms of her vagina as my hips
began to to move my cock within her.  Our bodies, soon moving in unison,
pressing passionately together, worked toward a common goal.  Finally, even
thoughts of baseball statistics could no longer hold me from exploding, in
pleasure, within her body.  With my hands clutching her firm ass, Julie's
hips worked for a few more moments and with a deep moan her body gave her the
orgasm that she sought.  Ultimately we fell limp on the floor, our limbs
intertwined, my lips against hers.
 "Sir, there are more comfortable places in the house," volunteered Julie as
she rose, taking me by the hand.
 The next morning I was suffering a bit from the lack of sleep, but somehow
managed to get to my meeting.  Thoughts of the previous evening filled my
head.  The good news, was that I had been invited back that evening.  what
next?



THE SILVER TRAY
Chapter 2


 It had been a wonderful night with Julie, but early in the morning I had to
leave her for my business appointments.  We agreed to meet again that evening
and off I went.  Julie gave me a key to her house telling me that I would
probably arrive back before her.  It was a trying day of meeting clients and
planning a large project.  The good part being, that I would be back here
quite a bit in the next few months.  The toughest task of the day was simply
keeping Julie out of my mind and concentrating on my work.  Finally the end
of the day was in sight.  I picked up a bottle of champagne on my way and a
few minutes later the cab dropped me off in front of Julie's house.
 I rang the bell, and when there was no answer, I slipped the key into the
lock and gave it a turn.  I stepped in and called to Julie, but there was no
answer.  Chilling the champagne came to mind and I walked directly to the
kitchen to put it on ice.  On the kitchen table was an open bottle of wine
and a glass.  Under the glass was a note that simply said, "Have a glass of
wine and meet me in the den."   It was a curious note, as I had called to her
when I came in and there had been no answer.  I poured myself a glass of
wine, took a sip, and walked toward the den.
 My eyes illuminated up as I entered the room.  On the carpet before me was
Julie, nude, ball gag in place, and shackled.  She had interlinked the chain
links of a pair of handcuffs and leg shackles behind her back, leaving
herself completely immobile.  The keys to the bindings hung, out of her
reach, from a string about four feet above her head.  I slowly walked around
Julie, surveying my slave.  The unyielding shining chrome of the cuffs made a
striking contrast against her slender limbs.  I settled easily into a large
chair and took a sip of my wine.  Julie looked up at me waiting for some
indication of what I was going to do.  I simply sat and sipped.
 I disappeared to the "playroom" and gathered a few items, returning to Julie
a few minutes later.  My first selection was a blindfold that I carefully
fitted over Julie's eyes.  Then, softly, sensually, I began to massage her
back and shoulders, eventually moving over her shoulders and down to her
breasts.  I continued to softly massage her breasts, eventually bringing a
visible response from her nipples.  As they hardened, I gently pinched her
nipples with my fingertips, bringing them to a full erect state.  Julie had
just begun to softly moan in pleasure when her first surprise came.  While
firmly holding her breast I placed a small clamp on her right nipple, soon
followed by another on her left side.  Julie groaned and gruted behind the
blindfold,but as the small clamps assaulted Julie's nipples I continued to
gently caress her breasts with my fingertips, heightening her sensations.
 Julie strained against the steel cuffs, which she had placed on herself, but
to no avail.  
 I tenderly nibbled on Julie's neck and earlobe bringing goosebumps to her
soft skin.  Finally, taking pity on Julie, I squeezed the first nipple clamp,
releasing her from the torment.  Julie tensed at the first sensation, but
immediately I took her nipple it in my lips and softly caressed it with my
tongue, easing the pain.  As she relaxed I did likewise to the other nipple,
as my fingers softly teased her inner thigh.  I stood for a moment and
recovered the keys to the cuffs that bound Julie and soon had unlocked the
cuff that surrounded her ankle.  Separating it from the handcuffs, I again
secured it about her slender ankle, her wrists still bound behind her back.
 Now free to stand I lifted Julie to her feet, and led her out of the room.
 Julie rear soon felt the cold caress of the tile rim surrounding her bathtub
and subtle sound of scissors snipping was the next thing that she heard, as I
began to trim away at the soft patch between her legs.  She tensed, but dare
not move as the sharp steel shafts continued on their mission.  Three minutes
later Julie's pubic patch was nearly gone.  Reaching for soap and warm water
I lathered Julie's crotch, bringing quite a response as my slippery fingers
moved across her slit.  Julie froze as she felt the razor's first touch.
 Slowly, carefully, I began to trim away the last remnants of the dark curls
that had covered Julie's most private areas.  The whole process took barely
ten minutes, Julie's cunt was completely exposed.
 I couldn't resist stroking the tender boundaries of Julie's slit, bringing
an immediate response from her.  Aware of her pleasure, I continued to gently
stroke her, eventually siding my finger into her now moist slit as Julie
strained against the steel chains with which she had secured herself.  Deeper
and deeper I probed as Julie pressed herself against my hand, my finger now
rythmicaly massaging her clit.  It seemed that Julie was about to come.  I
pulled my hand away.
 "Not yet, little slave."
 Even with the gag still in place, Julie's groan of displeasure was not
difficult to discern.  As her groans faded I was already leading her away,
down the stairs to the playroom.  I had soon exchanged the steel shackles for
softer leather cuffs and attached Julie to the cross, her legs spread wide
apart, exposing her now denuded cunt.  I returned few minutes later, supplies
in hand, to my frustrated subject and began to tease her slit, immediately
prompting her to press herself toward me.  It was then that I switched my
hands with an ice cube much to Julie's surprise.  It was there for only a
moment, but caused her to pull sharply against the bindings that held her
wrists and ankles.  Her nipples were next to meet the cold block, immediately
hardening them and sending goose bumps over Julie's breasts.  For several
minutes I moved the ice from one spot to another keeping Julie completely off
guard. Finally having pity on her I removed her gag, and switched to a soft
feather duster and calmed her, if you could call it that.
 It was about time for Julie's firm ass to get some attention.  Releasing her
from the cross I lowered her to the floor and placed her in a kneeling
position then linked her wrists and ankles by means of a short length of
chain forcing  her to lean forward, her ass pointing to the sky.  I took a
cushion and sat on the floor next to Julie.  I couldn't help placing a quick
kiss on her tight rear before beginning to gently stroke her ass and upper
thighs.  She was understandably a bit nervous after the ice, but finally
calmed as I stroked her soft skin, but she did need a spanking!  My palm
smartly met her tender butt.
 "Ouch!"
 "Count," I responded.
 Smack!
 "Owwww!"
 "Count," I repeated!
 Smack!
 "One, Sir," Julie responded.
 Smack, Smack, I continued!
 "Fifteen, Sir."
 Then another kiss to here sweet rear...
 "Mmmmm, thank you, sir."
 I boldly slid my hand between her thighs and deftly found here moist slit,
my finger teasing the boundaries of her most sensitive areas.  I released the
chain securing her wrists and ankles then connected a spreader bar between
Julie's legs and connected it to the overhead pulley.   After quickly locking
her wrists together and out of the way, I began to pull her upwards by means
of the spreader.  Soon her feet were about three feet off the ground, her
cunt boldly exposed.  Setting beside her I began to softly tease Julie's
thighs, occasional just touching her cunt.  With each touch Julie issued
forth a quick sigh.  A quick kiss to her thigh, then my tongue traced a
delicate path to her waiting sex.  Julie's muscles tightened as my tongued
pressed within her slit.  Deeper and deeper I probed finally discovering her
anxiously waiting clit.  As my hands cupped her ass my tongue continued the
attack on her moist tunnel until Julie was again at the brink of orgasm, but
it was not time.
 I lowered my frustrated slave to the floor and released her ankles from the
spreader and finally removed her blindfold.   As she struggled to her knees
as I issued one simple command, "Undress me, Julie."
 "Sir, my hands are bound behind me," replied Julie, questioning my command.
 "Undress me, slave."
 Julie crawled toward where I stood.  Bending over, she took my shoelaces in
her teeth and pulled, loosening one and then the other.  I slipped my shoes
off and Julie soon began work on my stockings.  I could feel myself harden as
I watched my naked slave working below me.  My feet finally bare, Julie stood
and began work on my shirt, struggling to undo buttons with her teeth.  After
successfully undoing three buttons, Julie began to softly kiss my chest,
bringing my erection up yet another notch.  It had taken some effort, but my
shirt finally dropped to the floor.  Julie was soon at work on my belt.  I
was amazed at her success when moments later my trousers fell away.  
 Julie looked up at me with an impish grin as she moved to take the elastic
band of my shorts in her teeth.  Rubbing her soft cheeks against my bulging
crotch she gave a short tug, then rubbed her soft curls against my thighs.
 Taking another bite on my shorts she again pulled, lowering my shorts
another couple inches.  Clearly she was toying with me, but how could I blame
her after what I had put her through in the past hours.  Finally with a good
bite she slid my shorts to the floor, taking car to slide her soft face
against my legs as she went.  Her task completed, Julie bent low and kissed
my feet and gave me a naughty grin, knowing that by now I was in her control.
 
 I looked down and simply said, "OK."
 Julie kissed my feet a few more times, then slowly moved up my legs stopping
as her hair began to brush my cock.
Finally she tilted her head and gently kissed my erect member.  Her tongue
traced a fine line from the tip to the hilt of my penis.  Again and again her
tongue caressed me.  Ultimately, after quickly catching my eye, she took me
silently into her warm lips.  Julie began to massage the tip of my cock with
her tongue, sending me to another level.  The assault of pleasure continued
upon me til I could take no more.  Only moments before I would have come, I
pulled away from her embrace.  
 Unclasping her wrists, I pulled Julie to the floor, our arms locking about
each other.  Bodies entwined, my tongue moved within her soft lips, the aroma
of her natural perfume arousing more,  still more than I could have imagined.
 It seemed that we could not touch in enough places at once as we stroked
each other in a frenzy of passion.  My small slave beneath me, I guided my
cock into her warm moist tunnel, immediately feeling her vagina contract
about my cock as I pressed deeper and deeper within her.  We held completely
still for a moment just feeling the presence of each other, then stroking in
unison we began toward the climax that we had denied for so long.  Moving
with total abandon, we approached our goal, my warm load ultimately exploding
within Julie's body as orgasm overtook her.  Collapsing in each other's arms
we continued to tenderly kiss each other for some time before even
considering leaving our position.
 Still cuffed, I led Julie upstairs to the bedroom and soon had her secured,
spread eagled to the bed where I began to coax her second orgasm.  Beginning
at her feet I gently kissed her lean limbs, moving slowly, sensually, upward
to her thighs.  After a quick kiss to her sweet cunt I moved on past her soft
belly to her sweet nipples. Taking her nipple in my lips I gently sucked it
til it was quite firm, continuing by delicately teasing it with my teeth.  My
hand was by now beginning to, once again, explore her slit, probing for her
clit.  It wasn't long before Julie was once more on the edge.
 "Fuck me...fuck me please," Came Julie's plea.
 Being quite stimulated myself, I slid my cock into Julie's waiting cunt.
 Without releasing her from her bonds, I began to thrust, meeting the
advances of her hips.  We worked feverishly toward our second climax soon
succeeding in sighs of pleasure.  I released Julie and exhausted we fell
asleep in each others arms.
