                                 Singapore Girl
                               ==================



   They say a gentleman doesn't kiss and tell.  But I can't claim to be a
gentleman.  Besides, all bets are off when the woman --

   But that comes later.

   And -- oh, yes -- this is a true story.  Really happened.  Only her
name has been changed.  Not to protect her -- she did not need protection -
- but to keep my ass out of court.

   I met June (not her real name) in a Laundromat in the Village.  I had
seen her there a few times and couldn't help noticing.  For one thing, she
was female and most of the clientele was male and, well, lets say not
interest in women.

   June was decidedly female.  She was only about five feet tall, with
jet black hair in a pageboy cut framing a rounded, pretty face.  Her black
eyes, behind her eyeglasses, were wide for an oriental and if there was a
fault to her face, it was that her lips were a bit too generous and lush.
Some fault, huh?

   Anyway, about a five minute chat, June asked me for help with one of
the dryers.  I've got a knack for mechanical things and I was glad to have
a way to get closer to her.

   She was wearing a light windbreaker, half-unzipped, over a loose
white blouse and a pair of spray-on jeans.  Her boots were a half-heel
style that wasn't flat and wasn't high-spiked.  She had a cute ass, but the
way she carried herself, for all her perkiness and cuteness, wasn't
inviting; businesslike.

   June was, I would learn, very forthright in almost every way.  "I've
had trouble with these machines before." She slapped the dryer and
laughed.  She had a great laugh.

   She laughed again.  As I said -- a great laugh.

   In the course of conversing, between the two of us, we found some
excuse for me to come back to her place for drinks.  I arrived at ten p.m.,
hoping -- for she had a gorgeous ass.

   June occupied the entire third and fourth floors of a brownstone on
Greenwich Avenue, not far from Tenth Street.  In the sitting room on the
fourth floor, over white wine on wall-lining sectionals, listening to some
soft rock, she explained that she was the New York office of a
Scandinavian import-export firm.  About half of the third floor was offices
-- she had her Teletype and phones and files there -- and the rest of the
third floor was a formal dining/conference room, a half-bath and a
kitchen.  The fourth floor, in addition to the living room, had a
television room, a bedroom and a full bathroom.

   We got more at ease with each other.  I learned she was ethnic
Chinese, from Singapore, and had lived in Connecticut when she first came
to the United States.  Before that, she'd lived in Scandinavia for a few
years, trying to improve her position with the ex-im firm she'd joined in
Singapore.  I learned a little bit about how tough it was to be new to
America and alone, even with the advantages of a legitimate working visa
and deep-pocketed financial backing.

   Soon we were snuggled together under a blanket on the sectional -- as
with all Village apartments, the heat was inadequate; I think it's a law
in New York -- and then we were cuddling and then we were kissing.  Her
lips were as warm and moist as I'd imagined, and her kisses were just the
right combination of passion and sweetness.  Soon, she was straddling my
thigh as we clinched and I could feel her moisture through her jeans and
mine.  I unbuttoned her blouse and mouthed her breasts through her bra.
She was decidedly Chinese in that her tits were shallow and firm, with
nipples that responded slowly -- but when they did, they were outstanding!
I raised the bra to get at her bared breasts and she ran her hands through
my hair as I licked and sucked at her tits.

   "Let's go to bed", she said.  "Here, since I have to send a Telex at
four-thirty this morning."

   Forthright and businesslike, op.  cit.

   I agreed -- of course! -- but little did I suspect what would come
next:  June proceeded to prepare for bed as if she'd known me fore years.
You probably know the routine:  Remove the make-up, take a shower (in her
case, a shallow bath), etc.

   I was somewhat at a loss for what to do, so I hung around and watched
it.  All of it.  (Well, almost all; even June didn't want to be watched
doing Some Things.) As the make-up came off, so did the determined
businesswoman face.  She looked younger than her twenty-eight years; maybe
twenty or twenty-one.

   But believe me, when she came to bed, it was worth the wait.  She
came into the bedroom wearing a robe and a flannel nightgown.  (Remember:
No heat.)

   "Why are you dressed?" she asked, and quickly removed the robe -- and
only the robe -- and slipped into the bed.  She threw back the coverlet,
comforter and sheet to expose half of the (queen-size) bed and patted the
pillow.  "Come on -- or did you change your mind?"

   I knelt on the bed, straddling her thighs, and laid myself upon her
from above the covers as lightly as possible and began kissing her again.
In moments, she was stripping off my turtleneck sweater and undershirt and
fumbling with my belt.  Every now and then, she'd caress my balls and my
cock through my jeans and she'd squirm.


   I slid to the end of the bed, stood and stripped -- and then I wormed
my way under the covers, licking and kissing and nibbling as I went.  I
didn't bother removing her nightgown; I simply pushed it up to her waist.
I grabbed her hips and pulled her firm ass to the edge of the mattress.

   Kneeling on the wide-planked pine floor I began to eat her.  She
shivered when I licked the insides of her thighs, and I could smell the
sweet, healthy, lusty aroma of her cunt juices long before I reached it.  I
slid my hands under her ass, cupping her hard cheeks and lifting her
towards my mouth.  I dove in.

   Through the muffling of the blanket, I could hear her shrieks match
her writhing as she came.  And came.  And CAME! Her juices weren't merely
sufficient or ample; they were copious! She flowed and flowed and flowed.

   (Note:  Some people will tell you that all oriental women are bald
Down There.  Not true.  A few are, completely.  Some have only sparse hair.
But all have this in common -- in my experience -- What hair there is, is
straight, fine and soft.)

   When I finally came up for air, the sheets were soaked, her cunt hair
was soaked and my beard was soaked.

   June lay there and panted -- massaging her tits and rubbing her
nipples.

   "Nobody ever did that before!"

   "No one ever ate that gorgeous cunt of yours?" I couldn't believe
that.

   "Oh, sure", she said, "like it was a favor -- but you seem to enjoy
it!"

   "I love to eat you!" I said.  "It turns me on -- a lot!"

   She paused, gripping her nipples.  "I -- I want to suck you..."

   I heard the hesitation in her voice and took a guess.  "It's not your
favorite thing, is it?"

   She hesitated; that answered me.

   "Don't worry about it", I said, pulling the covers back the rest of
the way.  Her nightgown was gone, removed and discarded at some point when
my attention was concentrated far south.  "What I want to do right now is
fuck you."

   She lay there, fingers clenching her nipples, and seemed to tense all
over -- and then she shivered, unmistakably cumming.


   "Ooooooo -- I like it when you talk dirty to me.  What are you going
to do?"

   I reached down and lifted her legs till they were on my shoulders.  I
was standing bare on the floor beside the bed.  Remember:  Her sweet, hot
ass was at the edge of the bed.

   I leaned forward, watching for any sign of discomfort.  I needn't have
worried; she was very flexible.  My posture forced her legs back and her
cunt higher.  When my face was next to hers, I locked my gaze on hers.  Her
lovely eyes were heavy-lidded with lust.  I reached down, took one of her
hands in mine and lead it to my cock.  My dick is about six inches long
(this is, after all, a true story) and on the thick side.  My cock was
harder than it had ever been, even with that seventeen-year-old Homecoming
Queen from Ohio.  She grabbed and pulled on it, short strokes that told me
of her hunger.

   I bent farther and kissed her lips, then her breasts.

   "What am I going to do?" I nipped her nipple lightly between my
teeth.  She shivered again.  "I'm going to fuck you!"

   She was bent almost double, her thighs pressing her nipples, when I
introduced the head of my cock into her cunt.  She shrieked when I was
halfway in; I slammed the rest of the way and ground our pubic bones
together and she came again.

   "Say dirty things to me!" She gasped desperately.

   I obliged as I fucked her.  I don't pretend to be a great lover; she
was ready and eager to cum a great deal and she did, over and over again.
When I finally relaxed and let myself cum, she was nearly inert -- except
for her cunt -- and in a state of constant orgasm.  When I collapsed beside
her, I knew I had found someone special.

   Little did I know that so far, June had been as conventional as she
ever got to be.

   Over the course of the next couple of weeks, June and I became
intimately acquainted, not simply acquainted intimately.  She was very
serious about her job and her work and as much as that apartment on
Greenwich must have been costing her company -- I have to figure about
twenty-two hundred a month in 1978 dollars -- along with the equipment and
her salary, they got their money's worth.

   The setup was ideal for us, as well.  My apartment was literally a
block away and, as I worked at home, we got to spend a good deal of time
together.  We spent a lot of it fucking and sucking and we spent a lot of
it talking or simply being together.  A true friendship developed along
with the sheer physical passion.

   There was a lot of passion.

   She called me in the middle of the day, a Tuesday, and suggested I
come over for lunch.  It would be my first taste of her cooking -- chicken
and (of course) rice with stir-fried vegetables.  As she cooked, she told
me of her home life in Singapore, of the poverty and answered all of my
questions.  We ate at the conference room table and after we cleaned up, I
slipped my arms around her from behind as we looked out the window at the
backyard of the brownstone.  Spring was just beginning, and one of the
neighbors had a well-kept little garden.  Its focus was an ancient oak and
the birds were relearning the branches, hopping and flitting among the
little green leave buds.

   I kissed the side of her neck and lightly rubbed her swelling buds.
She pressed her ass back and up against me, rubbing against the swelling.
"Oooooo -- I am so itchy!" she hummed.

   I slid one hand down to cup her cunt and squeeze it through her
jeans, then began to undo her belt.  The window sill was high off the
floor, so no one outside could see when I had her jeans opened and had my
hand inside her pants and one finger wiggling inside her very wet pussy.

   We couldn't wait long enough to get upstairs to the bedroom, but
there was this terrific desk...  I pushed the lower half of the shutters
closed and led June to the desk.  On her typing chair was a thick cushion
she used to boost her high enough to type comfortably and I put it on the
edge of the desk.  Then I put June's tight hips on the cushion, bent her
forward as I freed my hard cock and pounded into her -- deep and in one
stroke.  I slammed at her hard, telling her how hot her cunt was and how
wet and it wasn't long before I was pouring my juice into her.  She only
came three or four times, so I wasn't surprised when she told me she was
still "itchy."

   Neither of us got any more work done that afternoon and I came back
over that night; June wanted to watch a scary movie on television and she
didn't want to watch it alone.  The movie -- Phantasm -- ended at 11:30.
June asked me to move something down from the top shelf of the closet in
the TV room.  In the process I found some magazines -- some very explicit
girly magazines -- which I took down.

   Now, June had told me that her first break with the ex-im company had
come through the intercession of the owner, a Scandinavian, with whom
she'd been having an affair.  She'd explained that they understood each
other's needs and that they weren't going to be monogamous or anything
like that, since they only saw each other for about a week at a time three
or four times a year.  That was fine with me, since it was fine with her
and evidently fine with him.  The girly magazines were his, she said.

   I teased her, telling her I thought they were really hers.

   She knew I was kidding and replied with mock anger that since she had
such small breasts, her boyfriend-boss had to look at these pictures when
he was visiting; helped him remember the girls at home, or some such.

   At that point I opened June's robe and nightgown and sucked her
nipples and told her that her breasts were in perfect proportion to the
rest of her, that anything more than a mouthful was wasted, and that any
guy who thought she was less desirable than the bimbos in the pictures was
a goddam fool.  Then I got on my knees and ate her pussy till she was
screaming and cumming again.  Later, I got her to tell me a little bit
about her boyfriend.  She didn't tell much -- just enough to give me an
idea of what kind of person he was -- and made me laugh with the tale of
her family's reaction when she brought him home to meet them.  Since he was
about six-five and June was so short, her sister teased that it looked
like a skyscraper with a two-story garage.

   Still later, after we fucked yet again, I suggested to June that we
spend Saturday night at my place.  For one thing, my dog was forgetting
what I looked like.  For another, her bed was lumpy and noisy and her home
was cold; my waterbed was quiet and comfy and my apartment was warm.

   She agreed, allowing as how she'd never slept in a waterbed.  And she
confided that she was going to buy a new bedroom set, one with a canopy,
possibly.  What did I think?

   I told her I really disliked canopied beds.  She explained that the
canopy wasn't essential, but the four posts were ...  and confided that she
had a fantasy involving being tied and fucked...  Bondage had never turned
me on.  In fact, I was a bit uneasy with the ideas.  But if that was what
she fantasized -- and since I knew I wasn't about to abuse her -- I
thought, What the hell?  Maybe one of these days, I told myself ...

   Saturday night was everything I had hoped -- and more.  We went out to
eat at the Waverly Inn, then went back to my place and opened a bottle of
white wine, a Riesling.  We pretty much killed the bottle, sitting in my
living room and talking.  We got pretty relaxed and June confided some
other fantasies she had, mostly involving famous people or deserted
beaches.  She also confessed a fantasy of having a couple of men at once,
as she had seen in a porno film.  She asked me my fantasies.

   I told her the truth:  I had managed to experience just about every
fantasy I'd ever had, except the one involving the midget, the fat lady,
the mule and the VW Microbus.  She laughed and opened another bottle of
wine.  She liked scotch, I knew, but my entire liquor cabinet had been
wiped out just before I met June.  I'd been temporarily putting up a
sometimes lover, a sleek little blonde, who was visiting from West
Germany, and found out she was an alcoholic when she left and I discovered
every bottle in the liquor closet was empty.  Though I hadn't known she was
sucking booze almost constantly, I had known she liked a drink and
frequently would get herself buzzed and then wanted to be roughly fucked.
She'd even had me buy her a couple of dildos and a vibrator.  One night,
when she was a bit more than somewhat blotto, she put on a show.  I had
explained to June about the booze.  Now I told her that just a few weeks
before I'd met her, one of my fantasies -- to see a slim, sexy woman
fucking herself to orgasm with a big dildo -- had been realized.  I didn't
have many left unrealized.

   "Do you still have them?"

   "Sure.  repetition is fine when it comes to fantasies -- "

   "No, no", she said.  I noticed that her face was flushed and she was
squirming a bit in the low-slung chair.  "The dildos."

   It took me a moment -- I'd had about four glasses of wine at that
point -- to understand the question.  I thought about it.  "I don't think
so", I said.  "I cleaned out one of the closets after she left and pitched
almost everything and that's where I usually let her keep a lot of her
stuff."

   "How big was it?" She had slid lower in the chair and was rubbing her
thighs together.

   "Oh, you know -- the size of a closet.  About ceiling high -- "

   She threw a magazine at me.  "Not the closet!"

   "Oh." I held my hands out, about a foot apart.  "Twelve inches long
and about two inches thick, maybe a little more."

   She was rubbing her cunt through the taut, dampened fabric of her
jeans.  "It's making me itchy to think about it ...  "

   It wasn't exactly sedating me to watch her at the moment, either.

   "Drink your wine, June", I said, standing.  "Because I want to fuck
your hot cunt."

   She shuddered and reached for her glass.  She drained it in a gulp and
when she put it down, she toppled the bottle.  It was almost empty, but
some of it got on the carpet.

   "Look what I did!" she said.  "I'm sorry ...  I want to make it up to
you." She sat up.  I was standing next to her.  She unzipped my pants and
managed to work my rigid cock through the opening and began sucking it
furiously, hungrily, as if she enjoyed sucking cock.  The sensation was
maddening -- and all the more so when I locked down and saw this lovely,
aroused oriental girl's soft, thick lips wrapped around my cock.

   "Rub your cunt", I groaned.  "I have always wanted to be sucked off by
a woman while she masturbates!"

   She groaned, the vibrations stimulating me even more, as she opened
her tight jeans and worked her hand inside.  I saw the bulge of her fingers
moving between her legs and watched her hips beginning to buck on the
chair.

   I reached down and pulled her head back.  I looked down into her face.
She was deeply flushed and her eyes were closed.  Her hand was still moving
inside her jeans.  Her soft, luscious lips were parted and her nostrils
were flaring.

   "Go into my bedroom, take off your clothes and lay down -- and keep
playing with yourself", I told her.  "I have another fantasy -- and I think
you're going to like it."

   She staggered slightly as she stood.  I think it was more from arousal
and having her movements restricted by the hand still thrust into her
jeans than any effect of the wine.  She headed for the bedroom and I
stepped into the foyer where I kept miscellaneous stuff, like Christmas
decorations, boots and the like.  I had remembered something.

   It was indeed there.  I paused in the bathroom for a little hygiene
exercise, then stepped into the bedroom with the Lufthansa flightbag.

   June lay sprawled on the bed.  She was naked and had both hands
between her legs.  She had dug the index finger of each hand into her cunt
and was working the fingers in and out and pulling her cunt open and then
letting it close again.  Her eyes were closed and her mouth was open and
her nipples, always lovely, looked to be even longer and harder and more
clearly defined than usual.

   I stripped and knelt beside her on the bed.  The waterbed rippled and
she looked up at me -- right at my stiff dick.

   "Your cock is so hard and beautiful."

   "You want to fulfill a fantasy for me?"

   She shivered with an orgasm and then nodded, still frigging away.  Her
eyes were alternately wide and heavy-lidded.
   I upended the bag.  Three dildos and a vibrator fell onto the waterbed
besides the tube of K-Y I'd grabbed in the bathroom.

   I took the smallest of the dildos and spread some of the jelly on the
tip.  The rubber dick was black and about the same length as my cock but
only about an inch and a half in diameter.

   "Stick this in your cunt", I told her.  "And suck my cock while you
fuck yourself."

   She shook again and groaned, then took the dildo and slipped it all
the way into her twat.  She moaned again and began rapidly fucking herself.
I could hear her breath timed to the movements of the latex dong in her
pussy.  I lowered myself over her in pushup position -- no mean feat on a
waterbed -- and she parted her lips to take the head of my cock.

   This was good and hot and pleasurable, but the awkward position was
doing little for me.  I wanted to watch her do herself while she sucked me
and I told her so.  Also, I noticed that she was literally burying the
dildo in her cunt -- to the point where she'd stick two fingers in behind
it to push it deeper, then fish it out.  Could that lovely Chinese cunt
take more?

   I raised myself and lay beside her in a sideways '69' position.  She
turned to match me and as she engulfed my cock again, I reached over to
the collection of toys and took the next dildo.  This was flesh colored,
about eight inches long and just a shade thicker than my cock.  I lubed it
with the K-Y, then ducked my head forward.  I displaced her fingers and
licked her clit.  She opened her legs wide, raising one as if she were
doing a Workout.  I reached around from behind with my free hand and fished
the smallest dildo out of her cunt, all the while licking and sucking
her clit and labia.  She shuddered and hunched her hips forward, ramming
her pubis -- with its now-soaked mat of fine, straight hair -- into my
chin.  She came and came and sucked all the harder on me for her cumming.  I
tossed the small dildo aside on the big waterbed, then put the bigger one
in her hand.

   She raised her leg still wider and quickly lined the dildo up with
her cunt and slid it in until barely a fingerhold remained.  To this day, I
can close my eyes and see her maroon-painted fingernails as she gripped
the dildo almost daintily and worked it rapidly -- and deeper than I'd
expected -- in and out of that molten cunt.

   She fucked herself hard and even faster with the bigger dildo, When I
leaned my head forward to lick her again, she stopped sucking me for a
moment, just long enough to say, "No -- lay back and allow me to pleasure
you!"

   I didn't think it would be polite to argue.  I rolled onto my back.
She rolled her hips flat on the bed and then propped her torso up on one
elbow.  The waterbed was very accommodating; it gave enough that her face
was almost perfectly level with my upstanding hard-on, a happy coincidence
she took complete and immediate -- and enthusiastic -- advantage of.  And
this was the girl who didn't particularly like to suck cock!

   In the meantime, I was getting a helluva show.  Not two feet from my
face, this lusty Singaporean lovely was furiously fucking her fine cunt
with a dildo I'd thought would be too much for her to handle comfortably.
In fact, she was increasing the tempo and again, completely burying the
dong in her soaking snatch.  And all the time, she was rather expertly
bringing me repeatedly to the brink of orgasm and then relenting just
enough to hold me in check.

   I flailed one hand about till it lighted on the K-Y, then found the
last dildo.  I greased it thoroughly and dubiously -- for this one was
about a foot long and more than two inches thick.  It was, in fact, as
nearly as thick as her forearm and perhaps the same length! Feeling its
massiveness under my fingers as I lubed it, I was again doubtful ....  but
then I watched her drive the medium-size dildo up her cunt and push it
still deeper with her fingers and decided, What the hell?  If it appeared
she was uncomfortable, I would simply abandon the idea.

   "Take that dildo out of your cunt", I gasped and she used her tongue
on the underside of my dick -- all the while, sucking me furiously.

   She complied, her hands shaking, and I hefted the big rubber dong
into place.  I reached over with one hand and spread her cunt lips while
with the other as I placed the dildo's rather realistic head at the
entrance.

   "If this hurts, you must tell me", said.  "Understand?"

   "Mmmmmm-hmmmm", she hummed and I damn near lost the beans right then
and there, what with the combination of what she was doing with her tongue
and lips and the vibrations.

   I began pushing the dildo.  She revolved her hips a bit, working them
around in small circles as if searching for the right angle.  I could feel
her tense -- and then the huge head of the dildo was in her hot cunt.  She
flexed her hips down, stretching her labia and bringing her clitoris,
swollen and pink, almost into contact with the slippery latex.  I pushed
more, steadily and carefully, watching for any sign that her limit was
nearing.

   I might as well have watched for a UFO.  Inch after thick inch of that
rubber cock slid into her hungry snatch and I finally stopped when no more
than two inches remained outside.  She had more than ten inches of thick
rubber dildo jammed into her cunt.  She not only didn't seem
uncomfortable; she seemed positively delighted.

   I worked it slowly in and out of her cunt a few times, watching her
pussy lips stretch and grip the sides as it withdrew, then part, like her
legs, as it slid back in.

   She lay back, surrendering my cock for the moment, and simply allowed
her cunt to be fucked by the big artificial dick.  Her hips bucked wildly,
eagerly and she came powerfully.

   "Damn, I never thought anything that big could fuck your cunt", I
said softly.

   "Fuck me", she gasped.  "Fuck me with that rubber cock!"

   As if impatient with her own instructions, she reached down with one
hand and began plumbing her own opening with far more energy than I had
dared; I was restrained by fear of hurting her.

   She again propped herself on one elbow and bent over to suck my cock.
I lay partially turned toward her, watching her fuck herself with this
enormous artificial prick.  She pumped her cunt wildly as she dropped her
open mouth onto my cock and sucked powerfully.  There was no finesse to
this fellatio; she was sucking and pumping my prick powerfully with her
hot mouth, doing a genuine Hoover number, as she probed her pussy with the
prodigious prick-substitute.

   I watched her abdomen tense and relent as she fucked herself.  I lay
my hand on her lower belly and I could literally feel the movements of the
latex glans with her.  I pressed down, carefully and experimentally and she
immediately came again.  She flopped back and gasped and I pressed a little
harder, then shifted so I could compress her abdomen, just above her
pubis, with one hand.  My other hand I put over hers on the end of the
dildo, simply going along for the ride.

   She came again and again and then she was cumming almost nonstop.  The
only time the dildo stopped moving was when she was in the depths of her
orgasm and on those occasions, I simply took over for her.  I was damn near
ready to pop just watching her!

   And then inspiration struck.

   I reversed myself so we were head to head.  I licked her nipples and
gave them a light nip with my teeth.  (She came again, each time; I was not
surprised.) I rolled her onto her side, facing away from me and decided to
give it a shot.  I took the K-Y and lubed my cock.

   "What do you do?"

   "I am going to fuck your ass", I told her.

   This was the crucial point.  On occasions when I had begun to finger
her ass, she'd expressed great unease -- not pain or discomfort -- at
having me play with her asshole.  But the way things were going...

   I pulled the dildo from her cunt.  She tensed, as if reluctant to
surrender it, and then I guided the head of my raging cock to her asshole.
Again she tensed.  "I am going to fuck your hot little ass", I said and she
shuddered slightly.  "And I am going to shoot my hot cum up into your
bowels."

   This time her shiver was unmistakably arousal -- but with a tinge of
uncertainty to it.

   I pressed my hips forward and she rolled away slightly, slowly, until
I was almost on top of her.  I drove my cock head down into her ass.  She
relaxed some at first, but once my glans was in her, she tightened up.  The
sensation was exquisite.  Beads of sweat broke out on her perfectly
proportioned back, but I pushed slowly, steadily down into the heat of her
tight ass till her buttocks, so firm and shapely, were pressed against my
abdomen.  I reached around with one hand and lightly handled her clitoris.
With each brush of my fingers across her hot-spot, her sphincter
constricted around the base of my cock, as if to milk me.  After her
passionate cocksucking and the fabulous show, this made self-control a
real accomplishment.  The alcohol in the wine may have been the only thing
that saved me at that point -- because I did not want to cum yet.  There
was one more thing I wanted first.

   When I started to pull back, I felt her tense, but not with pleasure.
Having my cock rammed up her ass wasn't painful to her, but moving it much
would hurt her or be sufficiently uncomfortable that it would not be fun
for her.  But that was okay, since my cock wasn't going to be moving much
for what I had planned.

   With the hand that was under her, I gripped her pubis and using my
forearm, levered her back with me as I rolled on my side.

   "What are you going to -- to do?" she asked.  (The stutter was the
result of my rubbing her hard little clitoris again.)

   "You are going to put this back inside your cunt", I said, placing
the giant dildo in her hand.  I guided the head of it back to the entrance
of her cunt.

   "I don't know -- "

   "Try it in your pussy", I growled.  "Push it up that hot cunt."

   She pushed.  Her asshole compressed about me as the thick rubber glans
slid into her.  She panted and I leaned forward to watch her nipples.  Her
breasts heaved and her nipples looked taut, as if their distention was so
great that they might shatter -- or burst.  I licked my palm and rubbed it
across first one, then the other.

   Her ass convulsed and her hips jerked.  "Don't do that!" she shrieked,
as if cumming again were too much for her.  Since she was continuing to
push the dildo into her, I went along with her request.

   "Unnnnnnnnnn....." she groaned and I echoed her as I felt the latex
dick sliding into her velvety cunt.  Felt it, I say, because its progress
was clearly expressed by the progressive compression of my cock in the
adjoining channel.

   "I think it's too much -- too much for the system", she half-sobbed
....  and then rammed the dildo almost entirely up her cunt.

   "AHHHH! Ohh --YES!" she screamed and began madly pumping her twat
with the foot-long dildo.  Her asshole, tight to begin with and even
tighter with the pressure of the wrist-thick dildo in her cunt, just on
the other side of the thin wall of flesh separating the two sheaths,
tightened still further as she sobbed and came, sobbed and came.  Her
orgasms were almost frighteningly intense and I slid my hand down to her
pubis and took her swollen, arching clitoris between my thumb and
forefinger and carefully played with it, brushing the tip of my index
fingers across it as lightly as I could manage with her bucking.

   She screamed and reached up with her free hand to find and pinch and
pull one nipple.  Her sphincter was pinching my cock tremendously; I knew
that I was going to cum powerfully and enormously pleasurably the moment
it relaxed in the slightest.

   "Is this what you've always wanted?" she gasped.  "To fuck a nice,
tight Chinese girl in the ass?"

   And all the time, she was cumming.

   Instead of saying anything, I slid one finger down and wedged it into
her cunt next to the pistoning dildo.

   "Ha--aaa!" she cried.  She pushed her cunt forward, taking the finger
to the second knuckle as she plunged all but a fingertip's worth of the
dildo into her snatch.  She clenched, cumming, for a long time, then eased
off slightly.

   I started to cum.

   "Now I'm going to fill your hot little June-ass with my hot cream", I
whispered -- groaned, actually,

   As soon as I said it, she began pumping her cunt with the big dildo,
as if she were a tunneller trying to break through to the next level.

   "YES!" she screamed.

   "Fuck your ass, fuck your hot fucking ass", I said over and over and
over again.  I thought I'd never stop cumming.  The convulsive squeezing of
the taut ring of her sphincter, along with the varying compression of her
anal tube on my cock as a result of the huge, moving dildo in the
adjoining channel, were restricting the flow of my semen through my cock.
My orgasm was being stretched and enhanced and I thought I was going to
pass out with the sheer, unending pleasure of it.

   "I will milk you", she whispered -- and her sphincter began
contracting rapid fire, open-close, open-close.  This time I was the one
who screamed.  My balls were shivering in my scrotum as I came.  It felt
like pints of cum were pouring into her and when I began to roll, drained
and exhausted onto my back, she straddled me, keeping my cock gripped
inside her ass as long as possible, all the time moving that big rubber
dick in her cunt, getting the last possible drop of my semen.

   In the end, of course, even her tight-made-tighter ass had to
surrender my dwindling, drained dick.  She rolled quickly onto her belly
and emitted a long, loud ...  fart, for crying out loud! She giggled into
the pillow -- and only then did she remove the huge dildo from her cunt.

   I had the strength to pull her onto me, to feel her breasts crushed
against my chest.  I had the strength to turn my head and kiss her eyes and
the side of her nose.  But I didn't have the strength to do more.  I pulled
a blanket over us on the juice-soaked sheets and fell asleep with her
sleeping against my shoulder and in my arms.  I was spent, she was spent
and we were together.  I knew we would repeat this only infrequently and
that it would never be as shatteringly good as the first, spontaneous,
impulsive time, but that didn't matter.  There was an enormously powerful
bond of passion holding us as close as we could be.

   Sated, she slept.  Content, I slept.  Entwined, we slept.

   It so happened that we didn't fuck for about three days after that.
On the average, we fucked about every eight hours, so this was quite a
long time.  And it was just as well, in a way:

   "My asshole is sore."

   "I -- I'm not surprised", I said.  "I wish it wasn't -- but I liked
the way it got sore." I thought about my next words.  "And so did you."

   Her eyes blazed at me.  I saw the anger beginning in her face - - and
then it collapsed.  "I know -- but that's what the gay boys do, isn't it?
Do you wish I was a boy?"

   I started to laugh -- and then realized she was only half-joking.

   "June, I like licking your cunt", I said quietly.  "And so do you.
Does that mean you wish I was a woman -- since cuntlicking is what
lesbians do?"

   Her eyes half closed and she shivered.  "I know!" She seemed amazed.
"It makes me itchy when you say that -- but you know I don't like
lesbians."

   I licked my lips and stepped toward her.  She put her small hand
against my chest, keeping me away.

   I didn't press it.  Even if I'd been the kind of moronic asshole who
tries to force himself on someone else, there was something else to
consider:  June had been an auxiliary cop in Singapore, with the attendant
martial arts training.  We'd sparred playfully a few times.  She was just as
fast as I and a helluvalot more deceptive in her movements.  I knew I could
absorb enormous damage, and use my superior strength to prevail, but I had
no desire to do so -- and I didn't know if there were subconscious
resentments in this hard-bodied young woman that could make a playful blow
slip and do serious damage.  This was just another equality that made her
attractive to me:  June could not be forced to do anything.  Whatever she
did, it was by choice.

   "But!" She laughed and dropped her hand.  She knew my respect for her
prowess -- and, more importantly, simply for her.  "But!"

   I nodded ruefully.  "I know."

   Indeed I did.  She was working with the Jaycees (yes, they exist and
even flourish in the Big Apple) on the Special Olympics, a sports
competition for "special" children.  Special meant retarded, for the most
part, and frequently, physically disabled.  In addition to her routine 60-
hour-plus-4 a.m.-Telex weeks, June donated her enormous energies and
ingenuity to things like the Special Olympics.  The timing of the sore
asshole, in a way, couldn't have been better.  The program was going to
greatly limit the time we had together for the next week -- and it was one
of the many reasons I was becoming more and more taken with her.

   Which was also one of the things that really bothered Annie.

   Who?

   Yes, ahem, well ...

   At the time I met June, I had already known -- in every sense --
Annie for more than two years.  I, like she in those pre-AIDS days, had
other lovers.  Annie knew about June, and June knew about Annie.  Annie was
a lot more at ease with the idea of June than vice-versa.  When I said
June and I fucked about every eight hours on the average, I meant
"average." Annie and I spent two nights a week together, usually.  Annie,
like June, was a couple of years younger than me.  We'd met when I was
working a part-time job selling coffees and teas, during a publishing
drought.  What first got my attention was, oddly enough, her mind.  I had a
game I sometimes played with customers.  Since the various coffees we sold
had different per-pound prices, blends called for some arithmetic.
After all, a couple of ounces of Kenya Double-A at $4 per pound and a
quarter pound of French Roast Columbian at $3.65 a pound and two ounces of
Yemen Mocha at $5.10 a pound, etc., gets one into the realm of challenging
numbers.  I made a game of it.

   My game was to run it up in my head.  (Not that tough, dividing by
sixteen and keeping a running total, once you practice it; try it and
see.) That scared customers who weren't accustomed to using those mental
muscles.  They only trusted calculators and adding machine tapes.  So I had
this deal:  If they wanted, I would run it up on the adding machine.  If I
was wrong, they got the coffee free -- I would pay for it out of my own
pocket.  If I was right, they'd pay a fifty percent premium ...  to me.

   Few took me up on it.  Those that did, lost -- always.

   Annie came in on a crowded Sunday and ordered two ounces of this and
three ounces of that and so forth.  Ended up with six different beans in
the pound.  When I turned to tell her the price, she said, "Wait a minute -
- five seventy....three?  Yes.  Yes.  Five seventy- three, if you round up
for a half-cent."

   That's what got my attention.  Then her face.  I asked her if she was
half-Chinese and half-Irish.  She had reddish-brown hair and a fine boned
faced.  Her cheekbones were high and her eyes were slanted.  She explained
that she was part Magyar -- the result of Mongolians overrunning eastern
Europe Way Back When.  Her face was fascinating and her mind was terrific.

   Her body was outrageous.  Imagine a woman who's just over five-foot-
one and weighs about ninety pounds.  Sounds scrawny, right?  No way.  She was
very small-boned.  Annie had absolutely beautiful, perfectly formed, firm
and sumptuous breasts.  Her waist was slender and her hips were narrow.  She
had a delectable little ass and the tastiest cunt...

   She was also completely uninhibited.  Annie would do anything that
felt good and anything she didn't like, she wouldn't do.  She could suck
cock expertly, loved to be licked, enjoyed cock in her cunt from any angle
and enjoyed ass fucking.  She was multi-orgasmic in the extreme and very
vocal about it.  She liked men, she liked women, she liked threesomes, she
had even enjoyed orgies.

   When I was fifteen and jerking off, I would construct the perfect
sexual partner in my imagination.  That image was Annie.  I had to wait till
I was in my late twenties to meet her and discover that reality could
exceed imagination.  Not only was she lovely, incredibly sexy and sweet,
she was smart and perceptive.

   Of course, if this was fiction, Annie and June would have drooled
over each other at first sight and we all would have fucked off together
into the sunset.  The fact was, though, that June hated the idea of doing
anything with another woman and Annie didn't find June attractive (Annie
liked -- and likes -- women with larger breasts and voluptuous hips and
has a special weakness for long nipples.) In a way, that was no problem
for me, since -- oddly enough -- being in bed with more than one woman at
once has never been one of my major fantasies.

   In another way, it was a good thing.  Considering how passionate and
sexual both women were, a man caught between them in bed would have gone
up in a puff of smoke.  No cremation necessary; by dawn, there'd have been
nothing left of the poor bastard but ashes.

   I should have been in pig heaven.  Here were two women whom I found
tremendously attractive and felt the same way about me.  For one reason or
another, neither was willing to assert a claim of exclusivity on me.  One
was willing to get weird at the drop of a dildo, while the other simply
Liked Doing Things.  And one of them was going to be busy -- and had a sore
ass! -- for a few days while the other was more than eager to make up a
little lost time.

   But things were not perfect.  For one thing, their periods coincided.
No big deal, I thought, since it didn't bother me, either for fucking or
sucking.  But June was uncomfortable and Annie got cranky.  And that was the
least of it.

   See, while June was about to be tied up with her Jaycees project,
Annie was about to spend two weeks visiting friends in France.  She was
doubly annoyed at the timing.

   I, on the other hand, had gotten used to fucking two or three times
each day, sometimes with more than one woman -- and now I was looking
forward (if that's the right term) to about ten days of Doing Without.

   True, the day before she headed for JFK and her trans-Atlantic
flight, Annie and I lolled about in bed for about eighteen hours of sexual
bliss.  True, June stopped by the very next day, flipped up her skirt to
reveal her pantyless cunt, grabbed her ankles and winked at me upside down
between her knees.  But that was going to be it.

   Ah well, I figured.  I needed to spend more time at the Selectric.
And in a pinch, there were always the Palm Sisters and Fond Memories.
Hell, what was ten days?  I told myself.

   It could be a very long time, I told myself.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          The Singapore Girl - Part II
                          ============================


   To my amazement, on the Thursday night that Annie left for France and
June left for Albany, I got a phone call from Philly:  Barbie Shelton was
coming to town.

   I had known Barb for about four years, at that point.  She'd lived
with Bertha, also an NYU student, in the same building as me during the
Great Blackout of '77 and had come down to keep me company.  Bertha knew I
had just had a very bad breakup and was going -- quite literally -- crazy.
Barbie saved my life.  No shit -- I was seriously contemplating suicide
when she decided to take me under her wing.

   I had seen her around the building from time to time.  She had a sweet
face and a placid demeanor and seemed like a nice, plump girl.  I had no
idea what kind of figure she had, since she always wore big, loose muumuu
dresses.  At about 2:30 a.m.  on the second night of the blackout, after we
had killed about two-thirds of a bottle of cheap red wine that she'd
brought, she announced she really would prefer to stay with me rather than
risk waking her roommate (whom I'd always found more attractive) by coming
home late.  Between the emotional shock of the breakup a few weeks before
and my weariness (an hour of sleep at a time was rare) and the wine, I
thought it sounded reasonable -- and no more than that.

   But in the darkness of my bedroom, I felt something against my face,
then something else.  I stood and lit a candle and discovered Barbie had
absolutely enormous breasts.  "Where did THOSE come from?" I'd demanded.
She'd laughed -- gently, as with everything else -- and beckoned me back
to bed.  I was rather unprepared for the body so carefully hidden under the
loose, oversize dresses.  Imagine a woman who's five foot tall, has 32-
inch hips, a twenty-five inch waist and a bra labeled 32-D ...  and who
overflows the brassiere's cups.

   But what was wonderful about her was her sweetness and compassion.
She loved my delight in licking her cunt and found it simply amazing that
I wasn't fixated on her tits.  (I'd gotten over my big-tit cravings when I
was 17.  See, I had this cousin, the same age -- But that, as Conan's
biographer would say, is another tale.)

   So Barbie was coming to stay with me for a few days while she visited
friends in the city.  I filled her in (in more ways than one.  Heh.) on what
I'd been up to and we made love a lot.  She reveled in waking me one
morning with her mouth locked on the tip of my cock and sucked me off,
drinking me moaning dry and then sprawling on me and kissing my lips with
my own cum on hers.  We slept again, till nearly one in the afternoon, and
then made love, with her on her face and a pillow under her hips, and then
drowsed till dark.  I can still feel the wonderful weight of her breasts
pressed against me and the firmness of her ass under my fingers and the
wet heat of her cunt against my hip and the slightly salty -- from
perspiration -- taste of her ear when I kissed her awake that night.  I
went out and bought the fixings and prepared an odd dinner of broiled
filet of sole, mashed potatoes and steamed asparagus.  Then we went back
to bed and made love again.  Barb, wherever you are, you are precious.  If
you are not happy, call me and talk to me.  You saved my life and my heart
and I want to do for you.

   A week passed and June came back earlier than planned -- because, she
said, she'd missed me and was itchy for me.

   Barbie had left for home two days before and I was randy as hell.

   I got over to June's apartment at six.  I had just sold a piece and
was feeling jubilant.  As soon as the door was closed, she got a liplock on
me and the only thing that kept my cock out of her was the aroma of
broiling steak.  She fended me off and we had a delicious meal.  I didn't do
it justice; I kept thinking of desert.

   When we got upstairs, June wanted to tell me of the Special Olympics
regionals and I was more than willing to listen.  But after forty minutes,
as we were closing doors and shutting windows (heat, remember?), she
suddenly turned to me and said, "Oooooh -- I am so itchy thinking of a big
rubber dick."

   "I was surprised you could take that big dildo in your little cunt",
I admitted.

   "I told you my boyfriend-boss was very big", she said.

   "I thought you meant simply tall."

   "I don't want to think about him", she said.  "I want to be with you.
We can always use that big rubber cock."

   I smiled sadly.  "I didn't think to bring it with me", I confessed.  I
was standing behind her and slid my hands under her blue sweater to hold
her nipples.  She pushed her ass against me and shifted impatiently from
one foot to the other, her breath hissing.  "But -- we can improvise."

   She reached back and rubbed my cock through my pants.  "This cock is
so nice and hard -- " I bent and licked the back of her neck.  She shivered
and said, "And this tongue is so nice and wet --"

   "I want to fuck you -- now!" I breathed into her ear.

   That's when I began to discover just how kinky this lovely little
Singaporean girl really was.

   We wouldn't have been hard to find, even if we'd been quiet.  A trail
of clothes led directly to the bed.  And we were not being quiet.  June
wasn't, anyhow.  I wasn't making too much noise, since my mouth was full.

   I lay with my head on a doubled up pillow.  June was sitting on my
face and she was cumming a lot.  She was facing the head of the bed, so I
could look up and see her face and her lovely breasts -- which, at the
moment, I was playing with.  She went through a particularly intense string
of orgasms, rapid-fire, bang-bang-bang, and started lifting her cunt off
my mouth.

   "I want to fuck!" she said sharply.

   "And I want to lick more!" I answered.  I slid my hands around to grip
her hard little ass and pulled her back down against my mouth.  Her clit
was hugely swollen and I was sure was oversensitized at the moment -- but
I locked my lips around it and sucked, all the while trilling my tongue
lightly back and forth across the top of it.  Her powerful thighs clamped
down over my ears and I could barely hear her screams -- but there was no
mistaking the convulsing of her buttocks and the surges rocking her hips.
She swayed above me and began to topple to one side.  It was so unexpected
that I barely steadied her.  I guided her back and to one side and she
collapsed on the bed, face down, sprawled partly on top of me.  I slithered
out and stood beside the bed.

   She was all but unconscious, yet her hips still moved in pleasure.
What a sight she made -- her smooth, pale flesh, her beautifully
proportioned back and graceful neck, her slender waist and her lovely
hips.  Her ass cheeks were clenching and unclenching and her legs were
slightly parted, one drawn partway up.  The insides of her thighs were
shiny with her juices, picking up the light from under the door to the
bathroom.

   "Dammit, woman -- I want to fuck you in the worst way", I said.  Her
hips jerked at the words.  With her face still pressed into the disheveled
blankets, she arched her ass up at me and pulled her knees underneath her.
Veterinarians call it "presenting."

   The height of the bed wasn't quite right for this, though.  I grabbed
the pillows, stacked them, then grabbed her hips and stacked her on top of
the pillows at the edge of the bed.  She still lay limply, with her face
down on the bed and her arms outstretched, as if forgotten.  I could smell
her rich juices, the aroma bypassing thought and triggering cockthrobs.

   I stepped up to edge of the bed, flexed my knees slightly and pushed
my cock against her opening.  She was so wet! I slid in and groaned, "Baby,
your cunt is so hot -- it's like an oven!" Her twat tightened.  There was
no finesse to what came next.  I simply flailed away at her, battering her
cunt with my dick while I pulled her hips back and up toward me.  "I love
fucking you, baby!" I told her, struggling for the breath to speak.  I
couldn't even slow myself; I needed to ram her cunt -- and I told her so.
She loved it as much as I did.

   My violent fucking was pushing her forward, farther onto the bed.  I
propped one knee on the edge of the mattress to stay with her, ten reached
under with one hand to rub her clit and squeeze her cunt lips.  She
screamed, "Oh, David, I am cumming and cumming I cannot stop -- " Her
voice rose in pitch, higher and higher until the words may have been
English and they may have been Chinese; it didn't matter, because they
were unintelligible.  Her cunt spasms accelerated -- and then her entire
pelvis seemed to go rigid and I felt an incredible warm wetness around my
cock.

   Then her inner cunt seemed to open; I couldn't feel it against my
cockhead.  Even the entrance seemed wider and harder.  I reached under a bit
farther and explored her cunt lips with one finger.  This reaction was new
to me -- and oddly exciting.  She was definitely still enjoying herself,
yet her cunt seemed simply to have grown wider.

   I slid the finger in alongside my cock, to increase the stricture a
bit.  She groaned and rolled her hips and I took that as approval and added
a second finger alongside my cock.  "You like having your cunt packed like
that, eh?" I said and as if in answer, she began to cum again.

   I pulled my fingers out, straightened and yanked the pillows from
beneath her.  I pulled her up on her knees and pumped wildly at her cunt
for a minute or so.  Then I reached down between us with one hand and slid
two fingers into her cunt, above my cock.  Again, she seemed to welcome it
and there was a bit of give, yet -- so I added a third finger.  When eating
her on previous occasions, I had sometimes slipped fingers into her, but
two fingers seemed quite adequate and usually it was difficult to get a
third inside.  She had three fingers in her twat along with my cock and
she seemed to love it.

   I pulled my cock and fingers out of her and dropped to my knees
beside the bed.  I pressed my face into her sopping snatch and sucked
powerfully on her clitoris for a moment.  She screamed and shook all over.
I reached under her with one hand and pinched her nipples, then I leaned
back and brought my hand up to her cunt.

   How much could she handle?

   Three fingers went in with ease and only when my pinky was in her
cunt, too, did she seem be getting full.  I wiggled the four fingers
inside.  The walls of her cunt were rigid.  I could feel the texture of them
-- kind of nubby -- and when I pushed my fingers in farther, till the base
of my thumb was against her cunt, I discovered that my earlier perception
had been correct:  About three inches inside, her cunt suddenly opened much
more.  I knew a woman had no nerve endings that far inside, yet when I
wiggled the ends of my four fingers in that roomier place, she gasped and
began rocking her torso in long, tense, sensuous waves.  She made a deep,
guttural sound from somewhere in her throat and I knew that nerve-endings
or not, she was aware of the movement in there and she was enjoying it.

   "You like that when I stuff your cunt, don't you?" I said.  "You like
being full and stretched, doing things you think are dirty." She wailed
softly and her hands thrashed the tangled sheets.

   "And you want more, don't you?"

   She seemed to be sobbing -- and cumming.

   I bent my thumb under and carefully insinuated it into her cunt lips.
Her labia were stretched tight.  I used my other hand to work her pussy
lips clear, to avoid pinching the sensitive flesh.  I wished I had some K-
Y, but she was so wet and slippery that it didn't seem necessary.

   With all five fingers folded into her cunt, I began gently turning my
wrist, loosening her hole and spreading her copious lubricants.  Then,
carefully, I began working my hand forward.  This was one of those
occasions when I did not mind having hands that were a tad small for my
size -- and I almost wished the years of carpentry and karate hadn't made
them so thick.

   Still, when my knuckles reached the entrance there was no room.  She
was grinding her hips back and forth against my hand and babbling
incoherently, hungrily, but I didn't want to force it.  She was a small
girl and it was amazing that she had taken -- and seemed to be enjoying! -
- as much as she did, but everything has its limit, I figured.  As it was,
I was delighted to have discovered yet another way to provide yet another
kind of intense and satisfying orgasm for this woman.  I experimented with
moving my hand in different ways and at different speeds and her reactions
were so fucking exciting to see that I almost shot my wad.  As it was, my
cock was so hard it was beginning to ache.

   Then, without warning, with her face and shoulders and tits flat on
the blanket, she reached back with both hands and pulled her asscheeks
apart.  Her cunt lips eked back a fraction of an inch or so from my hand.
She began rolling her hips around and back, around and back.  She pressed
against my hand and it required a good deal of strength to hold my arm in
place.  But I did.

   Slowly, bit by bit, the wider part of my hand was being engulfed by
her cunt.  Only the souvenirs of a misspent adolescence in a bad
neighborhood -- i.e., knuckles that had been broken more than once --
enabled my hand to accept the compression of her cunt.  My fingers were
being squeezed awkwardly and it was beginning to hurt, but I didn't care.
She was determined and I was going to go along with it as long as I could
-- because it was one helluva turn-on.

   And all the time, I was talking dirty to her about what she was doing
and what was going on -- just the way she liked.  "Oh, you like that, don't
you, impaling yourself on something so big, too big for that hot little
Chinese cunt, stuffing your pussy with something big and fat and warm,
filling up your wet twat -- " Et cetera.

   My fingers were getting numb inside her and we seemed at last to have
reached the limit.  The thick, muscular base of my thumb was pressed
against her cunt lips and she simply could not seem to get that widest
part of my hand into her.  She jerked and bucked against my hand, but it
wasn't going any farther.

   She took her hands away from her ass cheeks and braced them on the
bed.  Her head came up.  I could see the shine of sweat coating her entire
body.

   She turned her head partially toward me and said, voice quaver:  "Fuck
me with your hand!"

   "It's too big -- "

   "Fuck me with your hand -- all of it -- spread me -- fuck me!"

   "It'll hurt you -- "

   "Do it! Hurt me! Fuck me!"

   I ducked my head forward and licked the base of my thumb, then
wrapped my free hand around her thighs.  "Alright, you weird, perverted
little cunt -- you're going to get what you've been asking for!"

   "Yesssss...." she wailed.

   I twisted and turned my hand, forcing my fingers into rough alignment
within her pussy -- and pushed.  She gasped and I knew it had to be
hurting her, but:

   "Yes-- fuck -- fuck -- fuck -- " She grunted it rhythmically, almost a
chant and slowly, the fattest part of my hand slid into her cunt.  I could
feel the ring of her pubic bones through her tortured flesh, but she was
pressing back against me as hard as she could, so hard that her legs and
arms shook with the effort.

   Bit by bit, my hand slid into her cunt, until it was almost to the
wrist.  My fingers were well into that wider, open part of her inner cunt
and her labia were closing on the narrower base of my hand.

   "Oooohhh yes, fuck me with it, fuck me with it!" she was wailing.

   I didn't know how I was going to get my hand back out, but now that
it was all the way in, I figured we should make the most of it.  I worked
my hand back and forth in her cunt, no more than a quarter of an inch in
either direction -- but her pussy was so thoroughly packed that the slight
motion was having a powerful effect.  She screamed and came and then began
rocking back and forth, trying to widen and deepen the movement.  She took
still more of my hand into her, got it right to the bones of my wrist and
only then did it seem I had touched bottom.  With my free hand I caressed
her abdomen (from the outside -- for variety).  It was as hard as steel and
as I moved my hand within her, her belly rippled and flexed and she
screamed and came again.

   I flexed the hand within her and she came even more powerfully.
Carefully, I folded my fingers under, then my thumb and slowly made and
clenched my fist.  I felt the walls of that more open place suddenly close
about my fist and then she went absolutely apeshit.  To this day, only once
have I ever seen anything to rival the way June came with my fist inside
her.

   She was totally out of control, quite berserk.  Her lithe, firm young
body gyrated and bucked wildly, her hips pumping as if it were a nice,
reasonable cock in her honey hole -- and not a fat, hard, thick fist.  She
pulled forward till my entire fist was spreading even the narrowest part
of her cunt -- and then rammed herself back and impaled herself to the
limit on it.  She did it again and again, all the time screaming and
babbling mad, lusty gibberish.  I reached under to caress her clitoris and
when my finger found the rudely stretched little nubbin, June completely
lost it.  Her movements resembled nothing so much as grand mal, a severe
seizure.  One leg straightened spastically, and she was on one knee on the
bed, her torso flat to the covers and her hips cocked and her ass in the
air.  Her well-stuffed cunt was the only part of her that wasn't moving;
she shook everywhere else.

   And then, abruptly, that condition reversed.  She went almost
catatonic, rigid and unmoving -- except for her hips.  They ratcheted
rapidly, in short, mechanical strokes, her cunt fucking my hand to the
wrist in a way it had never moved on my cock.  And while this continued,
she began to roll over, first onto her back, then onto her side.

   I was astonished at the quantity and quality and thickness of her
lubrication, to accomplish this movement.  Her juices were literally
dripping down my arm.  I eased my free hand under her ass to move her so
her legs were on the bed.  Her face was drawn and gaunt, thinner, her mouth
open and lips parted and endless soft babbling and moans were coming out
of them.  Her nipples were inflated; that's the only word for it.  Usually
her nipples made nifty hard little spikes, but even her aureoles seemed to
be swollen and raised.  I brushed my fingers over them, wonderingly, and
she groaned like a sleeping dreamer protesting the alarm clock.

   And all the time, her legs widespread and now bent slightly at the
knees, her hips were moving - back-forth, back-forth.

   Her eyes opened.  They were glassy.  She looked almost drugged.
Slowly, she focused on my face.

   "Nothing ...  has ever ...  been so ...  good ...  " she breathed.  "I
can't stop cumming ....  "
   My balls were beginning to throb with the prolonged arousal.  She
reached for my cock in slow motion.  Her hand rested lightly on it, fell
back to the bed, then again reached for it.  She grabbed it and pulled.

   My hand still trapped in her cunt made it awkward, but the
differences in our size made it possible.  I knelt on the bed, bent over so
my face was near her knees as she drew my cock toward her mouth.

   "I want to drink you, " she whispered, "and as you fuck my mouth,
take your fist out."

   I began slowly, carefully straightening my fingers inside her.

   "No!" she barked sharply.  "Your fist."

   What June lacked in style for cocksucking, she made up for by sheer,
brute sucking.  She took half my cock in her mouth and immediately began
sucking for oil.  Her body was writhing almost normally and my balls
lurched and I started to cum.  I pulled my clenched fist back, but it
simply wasn't going to work.

Then the full rush of my ejaculation was on me.  I came as if I was
hemorrhaging jism into her sucking mouth.  My hand in her cunt unclenched
and I began pulling it out.  Her twat was fearsomely tight, but I pulled
anyhow and as June drained the last of what felt like an endless stream of
cum from my cock, my hand slowly began re-emerging form her cunt.

   I rolled away from her slightly, and made a fist of the cunt filling
hand -- right there, in the narrowest part of her pussy.

   She arched and stiffened, as if electrified, and when I yanked my
clenched fist out of her cunt, she let out a scream that literally hurt my
ears.  She screamed a word, clearly and precisely, but at a volume and
pitch that was painful:  "DARLING!"

   She remained arched like that for what seemed a long time, thought I
knew even then it was less than ten seconds.  But she was so rigid that I
was afraid to touch her; she might shatter.  Every muscle and ligament in
her lovely body was taut and clearly outlined.

   Then she sucked in a long breath, with a sound like tearing wool.  Her
hips jerked violently, then her thighs trembled and she collapsed back on
the bed, shuddering uncontrollably.  Her belly was rippling wildly and from
between the lips of her cunt -- which, astonishingly, looked almost as if
nothing had happened -- thick juice drooled, soaking the sheets, the
blankets and the mattress.

   Her eyes closed, she gasped -- no:  She panted -- and shivered.  I
grabbed some of the blankets from the floor and threw them across us, then
rolled her into my arms.  I lay on my back, holding her against me, on top
of me.  She was still shivering and her hips still flexed and I could feel
that juice still dribbling onto my thighs.  I kissed her lovely eyes and
her forehead and her nose and her lips, then I licked her lips, still
sticky with my cum.  I had one hand -- the hand -- resting on her ass under
the covers, lightly caressing.  And to my utter and complete astonishment,
despite the fact that I had just cum in her mouth with gut-wrenching
intensity, I found I had another hard-on.  My stiff dick was pressing
against her constantly shifting thighs.

   June seemed barely conscious, but she parted her legs and wriggled
her hips and her cunt slid onto my cock.  If the fact of my hard-on was
surprising, the renewed tightness of her cunt was downright astonishing.

   Prone atop me, her hips barely moving, June pumped my cock slowly
with her cunt.  Her eyes opened slightly and she pressed her lips to my
nipple, then raised her head slightly and smiled -- at my expression of
amazement, I guess.

   "How can you be so tight again?" I whispered.

   Her smile broadened -- and then her cunt suddenly closed around my
cock.  She squeezed, relaxed, squeezed, relaxed -- it almost felt like her
cunt was sucking me.

   "Do you think you can cum again, my sweet darling?"

   "I -- I doubt it."

   "I don't.  I am going to make you cum."

   I'm not sure exactly how she did it or even what she did, but
suddenly my cock was pulsating and then I was spurting into her again.  She
pressed her pubis down against mine, grinding her clitoris against me.  Her
mouth went slack and she gave a soft little cry of pleasure -- and then
she collapsed upon me, as limp as my cock.

   "Now we rest", she said, her mouth wet against my shoulder.

   I let myself drift -- as if I could have stopped it -- and I
remember, quite clearly, that as I fell asleep with this lovely, amazing,
sweet, depraved woman sprawled atop me, I couldn't imagine anything
weirder ...  or more oddly pleasurable.

   Of course, that was about ten years ago, before I learned to let my
imagination run amok.

   Things went along quite nicely for the next few weeks -- and quite a
bit more conventionally.  As the weather turned warmer with the onset of
spring, we settled into a very comfortable rhythm.  June had communicated
her desire to keep the big dildo and a vibrator handy and both got used
pretty regularly as part of our foreplay.  On one occasion, June decided
to make use of a cucumber, but the damn thing kept slipping.

   She started inviting me to various Jaycee get-togethers.  I fit in
really well -- bearded, casual (usually jeans) and absolutely zero
tolerance for bullshit.  I was reminded of all the reasons I'd dropped out
of advertising five years before.  Still -- they were not only networking;
they were actually doing things for the community ...  and that was more
than I could say.  All were civil, some were polite, a few were friendly
and a couple were downright charming.  I in turn invited her to the annual
awards banquet held by my writer's organization, which shall rename
nameless.  (Hint:  If you've read The Hugo Winners, you could have met most
of the authors there.) Bless her heart, June understood the importance of
the event -- hell, I even got a haircut and wore a tie -- and decided to
do me up proud.

   When I called for her, she was wearing different makeup than usual.
It made her seem a bit older and far more polished.  She was wearing high
heels, something she normally avoided.  And she wore a cheong-sam, the
traditional sheath-like dress with the slit up the side.  It was jet black,
clingy, and tied about her neck, leaving her back and shoulders bare.  With
her pale flesh and flawless complexion, her slinky dress and a flash of
long, shapely leg right up to mid-thigh with each graceful step, she
looked utterly scrumptious.

   Our arrival at the pre-banquet cocktail party sent a ripple of
silence from the doorway through the large room in the Waldorf.  Heads
turned and eyes widened.  I was noticed only because I was with her.  She
brought all of her Jaycee and ex-im skills to bear and by the time we were
seated for the actual awards banquet, about a half-dozen editors were
introducing themselves to me and asking if I had any novel-length material
(I had already published some short stories).

   When we got back to her place, she was quite tired and we slept,
snuggling close.  I went out the next morning and did something I had never
before done:  I bought a ring for the woman.  Not only was she bright,
sweet, dedicated, beautiful and unbelievably sexy, she was willing to back
up -- all the way -- her man.  I put the ring in my dresser and began
thinking the whole matter through and trying to determine the right time.
And that time wouldn't be too long:  Her visa was expiring and she would
have to leave America ...  unless she qualified for accelerated
naturalization, say, as a relative of a citizen.  And I knew she wanted to
stay.  But I had to be careful.  It mustn't seem like gratitude or a payoff
for this proud, tough woman who'd worked and thought her way out of the
slums of Singapore.

   A couple of days later, as I was leaving her place after a
deliciously languorous night of intermittent fucking and dozing, June
stopped me at the door:

   "About tonight -- "

   "Yes?"

   "I have a fantasy..."

   Oh, goody! I thought.

   "I want you to tie me up."

   I paused, regaining composure and then delivered my brilliant
repiposte:  "Huh?"

   "Well -- " Abruptly, she seemed almost shy.  "You told me once you
always wanted to make a woman cum so hard she would pass out.  And
sometimes when it becomes very intense for me I make you stop what you're
doing until I calm down."

   "And what would you like me to be doing to you while you're tied up?"

   "Whatever you want to do that will make me cum like that.  I have
wanted to try this for a long time, but you are the first person I ever
would trust."

   "It's not something I'm exactly keen to do, you know."

   "That is one reason I trust you to do it."

   "You're not afraid I would hurt you?"

   She smiled and slithered into my arms.  "You would never hurt anyone,
least of all me." She fumbled at my belt.  "I want you to do whatever you
want with me and tell me what you are doing and what you are thinking and
imagining -- " She opened my pants and was fumbling around inside.  "It
makes me itchy just to think of it."

   I disengaged her hand -- carefully, I might add -- and repaired my
attire.  (That sounds so damned proper, doesn't it?  "Repaired my attire."
Faded jeans and a sweatshirt.)

   "So you're leaving it up to me, eh?"

   "No one knows how to make me cum better -- not even me."

   I nodded.  "Alright, June -- I'll be here at nine."

   "What would you like for dinner?"

   "I'll have eaten.  You will, too -- no later than seven-thirty.  I
want you to be showered and dried off and warm.  I want you to wear that
old blue nightdress, the one that's worn through near the shoulder.  I will
call you at eight-thirty.  Take my call on the phone by the bed.  Have the
answering machine hooked up for the office phones."

   She looked at me strangely.  "What have you got in mind?"

   I stepped to the other side of the vestibule door.  She was wearing
jeans and a cableknit blue v-neck sweater.  She'd pulled them on only to
see me to the door and there was nothing underneath except June.  But even
through the thick strands of the sweater, I could see that her nipples
were hugely swollen and her chest and neck were brightly flushed.

   "June, this is your idea.  Go along with it", I said, "and you will
cum as you have never imagined you could cum."

   Halfway down the block to my house I was wondering if I'd let my
mouth run away with itself.  That was a tall order I'd promised to fill for
this short woman.

   But by the time I'd reached my place, I was already analyzing the
situation and the outlines of what would do the trick were forming in my
head.

   The first thing I did was stop at Rudy's.  I had a good working
arrangement with Rudy, the semi-competent superintendent for my apartment
building.  When I needed the use of his workshop, I'd spot him ten bucks.
He'd long since learned that I took good care of the tools -- better than
he did, in fact.  He even let me store some of my stuff there.  I checked
through the pile of scrap lumber and found some pieces of three-quarter
inch plywood that were workable and enough odds and ends of one-by and
two-by to serve.

   I took the BMT to 23rd Street and bought some thick, industrial grade
gray carpet remnants at ABC -- another five bucks -- and then walked home.
Along the way, I stopped at Paterson Silks at University and Fourteenth.
To my knowledge, Paterson has never sold silk bolts.  Their specialty is
good, serviceable fabrics for the thousands of working poor and welfare
recipients who try to make a few bucks stretch farther by doing their own
sewing.  If you want to meet some young, stunningly beautiful and
irrepressibly vital Puerto Rican single mothers, Paterson Silks is a good
place to go.  But be forewarned -- they can steal your heart away.

   I bought what I needed in Paterson, walked the rest of the way home,
dropped the hardgoods in the shop, stored the rest in my place, then
headed for the Pink Pussy Cat over on West Fourth near Jones Street.  It
was almost ten-thirty and they would be opening.

   The Pink Pussy Cat is an adult toystore.  There are others, to be sure
-- but the PPC staff makes it special.  They seems to have this basic
attitude problem:  When people work up the courage to walk down the five
steps to the entrance of the well (but not garishly) lit emporium, the
staff for some reason assumes these are people who think sex should be fun
and have a sense of joy and humor.  When I had entered the PPC to buy a
vibrator for Annie, they'd asked me what kind.  I'd said, "Hell, what've
you got?" To which the pimply young woman had said, "We've got these."

   She'd proceeded to take one of each and every vibrator in the store
and set it on the counter.  Those that could stand up on their bases were
so arranged.  Then she activated every one of them.  The standing ones moved
around in little circles, the pumping ones spun and pumped, the squirming
ones writhed and wriggled, etc.  One of the other clerks switched the radio
from Light Rock to a disco station and the staff that weren't busy stood
around and voted on which vibrator won the Dance Fever contest and someone
hug a tinsel garland around it as an award.  We are not talking
pretentious, superior, overbearing fools here.

   Indeed, they had just opened and the on-duty clerk asked what I
wanted.

   "I want a dildo -- big."

   "Long or thick?" he asked, a tad on the fey side, and every bit as
professional as any of them were.

   "Both.  This is for someone who wants that stuffed feeling."

   "Woman or -- " He grins broadly and infectiously.  "-- man?"

   "Woman.  Good definition of woman, in fact."

   "Vaginal, then -- or -- ?"

   "Vaginal."

   "Color?"

   "Her color's got nothing to do -- " His expression stopped me.
"Sorry.  Flesh, black, latex -- whatever."

   He located a half dozen, ranging in size from the biggest that I
already owned to something he called "Big Fred", which was about fifteen
inches long and had to be six inches in diameter.

   "I just got an inferiority complex."

   "I know the feeling", he said.

   "Do people use this for a coat rack or do they really use this for,
uh --"

   "Mostly gay men into fist fucking and pain, I think." He made a face.
"A great deal of pain." He shrugged.  "Also, we have a catalog and you can
special order -- "

   "No.  I found just the ticket."

   And I had.  It was called, I think, "California Reaming." It was about
eighteen inches long.  It made no attempt at being lifelike.  It was as if
someone had put pieces of fruit of increasing size -- smallest first --
into a latex tube.  The result was a knob of latex about an inch and a half
thick, followed by a slight depression, then another knob, a bit thicker,
and so forth.  The knob at the base had to be five inches thick.  The base
was flattened and there was a hollow opening about a half inch thick.

   The salesman opened a drawer and took out a length of slim metal rod
that was terminated with a three quarter inch pipethread.  He carefully
inserted the stiffener's blunted end -- "For safety", he said -- into the
latex tube.  "We also sell a pedestal -- "

   I shook my head.  "How much for this?"

   It was close to a hundred bucks -- Yikes! -- but I figured, What the
hell?  I took my purchase home -- along with the salesman's wise (if
unnecessary) cautions to use PLENTY of lubricant.

   Next, I headed for Canal Street.  The border between Chinatown and
Little Italy is lined with hardware and electronics stores.  Most of them
have merchandise overflowing onto boxes and makeshift shelves on the
sidewalk and many also offer used "as is" miscellany.  I found an "as is"
Skil orbital sander that lacked the lockdown clamps that hold the
sandpaper and was missing most of the handle.  No problem -- five bucks.
At an open-air electrical and electronics parts supply store I found a
perfectly serviceable rheostat for another fiver.  At the plumbing supply
outlet I bought an coupling that would adapt the base of the dildo's
stiffener to the plate screw on the sander.  I picked up a couple of
hinges and headed for the workshop.  It was a bit past noon when my
shopping was done.

   June was right about me, of course:  I did know what made her cum
most.  I knew that massive head gave her screaming orgasms too excruciating
for her to bear for very long -- and made her always juicy and hungry cunt
downright voracious for stuffing.

   I used the plywood to build a cube about on each side.  I drilled
appropriate holes and mounted the sander inside, then mounted the rheostat
so the lead to the control dial poked through the opposite side of the
box.  I hooked up the wiring, plugged it in, turned it on.  With the sander
set to its slowest setting and the rheostat thumbed to the lowest gauge,
it made for a wonderfully variable vibration.  I installed the adapter
couplings, then covered the whole thing with the carpet remnants.  Then I
slid the dildo onto the stiffener, screwed the stiffener onto the sander
coupling and -- presto! -- the world's biggest and most luxurious
vibrating dildo.

   Of course, the whole thing weighed about forty pounds.  The weight of
the sander, box and rheostat seemed to be enough to counter the extended
weight of the latex.

   I had to make one more shopping trip for two extensions -- one to
lead to the rheostat from the outlet and one so I could be as much as ten
feet from the box and still control it -- batteries and plenty of K-Y
lubricant.  I also bought two bottles of wine.

   I threw a tarp over the whole affair and stopped by Rudy's apartment
to tell him I'd be picking up my creation at a quarter to nine.  I gave him
another five for the extra trouble.  I went up to my place and fixed a big
plate of linguini with clam sauce and purposely overate.  As I expected, I
felt drowsy.  I set the alarm and lay down to nap for a while.

   I woke at eight and showered and trimmed my beard.  I thought
carefully about what I would say and at eight-thirty I picked up the phone
and prepared to begin June's night of fantasy fulfilled.

   I dialed the number.  She answered on the second ring.

   "What are you wearing?"

   "What are you going to -- "

   "Listen."

   She hesitated.

   "Do you like it when I suck your clitoris?  When I stick that big
rubber cock in you?  When I jam my hand up your cunt and move it around?"

   I could hear her breathing, short, shallow pants.

   "Tell me!"

   "Ooooo, I am so itchy -- "

   "What are you wearing?"

   "I'm wearing -- "

   "Take it off, all of it, then pick up the phone."

   When she picked up the phone, she giggled, nervously.  "Now I want you
to touch your clit."

   "But -- "

   "Do it."
   I heard her little gasp; that was all the confirmation I needed.

   "Keep doing it -- go on -- that's it -- rub and press and rub ...  and
now stick one finger in your cunt..."

   She gasped again.  Then:  "Oooo, I am so wet and horny -- "

   "Now go downstairs and unlock the door to your place, then come back
up.  Light one candle and turn out all the lights.  Then lay down on the bed
and masturbate and keep masturbating until I arrive -- "

   She groaned.

   "I will be there exactly at nine o'clock."

   "But I am naked!"

   "Yes.  That's your problem.  Maybe someone will get a glimpse of your
sweet tits or your lovely cunt or your tight Chinese ass -- "

   She groaned again.

   "You wanted to put yourself completely in my fucking control.  Do it
-- and if you don't do what I say, this night is over and someone else
will enjoy the treats I have planned for your hot, wet cunt."

   I hung up and checked the clock.  Eight-thirty-eight.  I fed the dog,
took my supplies and a clean pillowcase, then locked up the place and
left.  I went to the workshop and dismantled my contraption, then put the
parts into the pillow case and threw it into a canvas carpenter's bag.

   I got to her door at five to nine.  My cock was like a bar of iron in
my pants.  One of the waitresses from the espresso house occupying the
second floor of her building -- the first floor was a retail space -- saw
me standing there with the bag and smiled.

   "What's in the bag?"

   "Tool."

   She looked directly at my bulging crotch and grinned.  "Uh-huh", she
said, and shimmied through the entrance to the cafe.

   At two minutes to nine I entered June's vestibule and locked the door
behind me.  I climbed the long, carpeted stairway to the first floor --
where her offices were -- and glanced inside.  The Telex was on STORE and
the answering machine was turned on.

   So was I.

   I climbed the second long flight of stairs to her living quarters.
All the lights were out.

   "David?"

   Her voice echoed through the silent -- but for the distant sound of
music from the cafe -- apartment.

   "Are you doing what I told you -- "

   "I -- "

   "Do it!"

   I heard the bed creak and as I listened to her pant faster and more
urgently and the bed begin creaking, I ducked into the bathroom.  In the
linen closet were bath sheets -- enormous towels.  I took two of them.  I
stepped into the bedroom and reached into my bag of tricks.  I withdrew the
vibrator, opened it, loaded it with two D-Cells and tossed it onto the
bed.

   "Use it on your clit", I ordered and stepped out of the room.  I went
through the darkened hallway to her living room.  There I got two of the
bolsters from her sectional.  I rolled them the long way and wrapped them
in the towel, then tied the whole thing with two of the lengths of silk
ribbon I'd bought at Paterson.  I carried the makeshift cushion and my bag
into her bedroom.

   She was writhing wildly on top of the bedcovers, plunging the
vibrator in and out of her cunt and --

   "Stop!" I snapped.

   She almost stopped.

   "I said use it on your clit, not in your cunt!"

   "But I am so itchy -- "

   "That's the idea."

   She complied, but only after a loud, almost pitiful, groan.

   I put my bag on the floor and next to it, the tightly rolled
cushions.

   My cock was trying to rip my jeans.

   I screwed the base thread of the dildo stiffener into its slot and
carried the whole thing to the bed.

   Even in the darkness, I could see her eyes widen.  "What -- "

   I didn't answer yet.  I opened the K-Y and smeared it all over the end
of the dildo.  I used most of one tube.  Then I took the lead cord and
plugged it in to the outlet.  Next, I put the bound billows on the bed and
retrieved my other silk ribbons from the bag.  June kept pumping her clit
and arching her hips as I bound her wrists.  Then I tied a ribbon around
each slender ankle.  I put the rolled-up bolsters lengthwise on her belly
and breasts and then tied her with the ribbons from her wrists together
around it -- strapping her to the bolsters.  Then I did the same with the
ankle ribbons.  Next, I rolled her onto all fours -- the "fours" being
tied around the bolster.  And all the time, she never stopped working the
vibrator around her cunt.

   Finally, I took two long ribbons and fed them around and under the
mattress -- between the lumpy mattress and the boxsprings, to be precise.
When I was done, she was on all fours, bound to the rolled-up bolsters and
immobilized by the ties to the bed.

   At some point, the vibrator had slipped from her fingers -- but no
matter.  I had begun muttering random, vague dirty words to her and her
juices had already dampened the pillowcase containing the bolsters.

   "What are you going to do to me???" she cried softly.

   "Whatever the fuck I want", I answered.  I stripped quickly and then
paused, taking stock.

   Before me was a gorgeous Chinese girl from Singapore who, at her
request, I had tied up and rendered utterly helpless.  She had begged me to
do with her as I wished and make her cum till she literally was
unconscious with pleasure.

   I stepped to the side of the bed and look down at her.  Her legs were
forced apart by her position and beautiful little cunt was exposed -- but
her position also tautened and emphasized the perfection of her sweet,
tight little ass; the narrowness of her hips; the superb proportions of
her back, and the perfect line of her legs.

   She had begged me to do with her as I wished -- and as I looked at
her naked form, as I inhaled the heady aroma of her copious juice and her
unmistakable arousal, I anticipated doing just that -- fucking her and
making her cum till she -- and I -- had reached another plane of reality.

