Archive-name: Affairs/singapr4.txt
Archive-author: Friar Dave
Archive-title: Singapore Girl - 4


     We wouldn't have been hard to find, even if we'd been quiet. A 
trail of clothes led directly to the bed. And we were not being 
quiet. June wasn't, anyhow. I wasn't making too much noise, since 
my mouth was full. 
     I lay with my head on a doubled up pillow. June was sitting 
on my face and she was cumming a lot. She was facing the head of 
the bed, so I could look up and see her face and her lovely breasts 
-- which, at the moment, I was playing with. She went through a 
particularly intense string of orgasms, rapid-fire, bang-bang-bang, 
and started lifting her cunt off my mouth. 
     "I want to fuck!" she said sharply.
     "And I want to suck more!" I answered. I slid my hands around 
to grip her hard little ass and pulled her back down against my 
mouth. Her clit was hugely swollen and I was sure was 
oversensitized at the moment -- but I locked my lips around it and 
sucked, all the while trilling my tongue lightly back and forth 
across the top of it. Her powerful thighs clamped down over my ears 
and I could barely hear her screams -- but there was no mistaking 
the convulsing of her buttocks and the surges rocking her hips. She 
swayed above me and began to topple to one side. It was so 
unexpected that I barely steadied her. I guided her back and to one 
side and she collapsed on the bed, face down, sprawled partly on 
top of me. I slithered out and stood beside the bed. 
     She was all but unconscious, yet her hips still moved in 
pleasure. What a sight she made -- her smooth, pale flesh, her 
beautifully proportioned back and graceful neck, her slender waist 
and her lovely hips. Her ass cheeks were clenching and unclenching 
and her legs were slightly parted, one drawn partway up. The 
insides of her thighs were shiny with her juices, picking up the 
light from under the door to the bathroom.
     "Dammit, woman -- I want to fuck you in the worst way," I 
said. Her hips jerked at the words. With her face still pressed 
into the disheveled blankets, she arched her ass up at me and 
pulled her knees underneath her. Veterinarians call it 
"presenting."
     The height of the bed wasn't quite right for this, though. I 
grabbed the pillows, stacked them, then grabbed her hips and 
stacked her on top of the pillows at the edge of the bed. She still 
lay limply, with her face down on the bed and her arms 
outstretched, as if forgotten. I could smell her rich juices, the 
aroma bypassing thought and triggering cockthrobs. 
     I stepped up to edge of the bed, flexed my knees slightly and 
pushed my cock against her opening. She was so wet! I slid in and 
groaned, "Baby, your cunt is so hot -- it's like an oven!" Her twat 
tightened. There was no finesse to what came next. I simply flailed 
away at her, battering her cunt with my dick while I pulled her 
hips back and up toward me. "I love fucking you, baby!" I told her, 
struggling for the breath to speak. I couldn't even slow myself; I 
needed to ram her cunt -- and I told her so. She loved it as much 
as I did. 
     My violent fucking was pushing her forward, farther onto the 
bed. I propped one knee on the edge of the mattress to stay with 
her, ten reached under with one hand to rub her clit and squeeze 
her cunt lips. She screamed, "Oh, David, I am cumming and cumming I 
cannot stop -- " Her voice rose in pitch, higher and higher until 
the words may have been English and they may have been Chinese; it 
didn't matter, because they were unintelligible. Her cunt spasms 
accelerated -- and then her entire pelvis seemed to go rigid and 
I felt an incredible warm wetness around my cock. 
     Then her inner cunt seemed to open; I couldn't feel it against 
my cockhead. Even the entrance seemed wider and harder. I reached 
under a bit farther and explored her cunt lips with one finger. 
This reaction was new to me -- and oddly exciting. She was 
definitely still enjoying herself, yet her cunt seemed simply to 
have grown wider.
     I slid the finger in alongside my cock, to increase the 
stricture a bit. She groaned and rolled her hips and I took that as 
approval and added a second finger alongside my cock. "You like 
having your cunt packed like that, eh?" I said and as if in answer, 
she began to cum again.
     I pulled my fingers out, straightened and yanked the pillows 
from beneath her. I pulled her up on her knees and pumped 
wildly at her cunt for a minute or so. Then I reached down between 
us with one hand and slid two fingers into her cunt, above my cock. 
Again, she seemed to welcome it and there was a bit of give, yet -- 
so I added a third finger. When eating her on previous occasions, I 
had sometimes slipped fingers into her, but two fingers seemed 
quite adequate and usually it was difficult to get a third inside. 
She had three fingers in her twat along with my cock and she seemed 
to love it. 
     I pulled my cock and fingers out of her and dropped to my 
knees beside the bed. I pressed my face into her sopping snatch and 
sucked powerfully on her clitoris for a moment. She screamed and 
shook all over. I reached under her with one hand and pinched her 
nipples, then I leaned back and brought my hand up to her cunt.
     How much could she handle?
     Three fingers went in with ease and only when my pinky was in 
her cunt, too, did she seem be getting full. I waggled the four 
fingers inside. The walls of her cunt were rigid. I could feel the 
texture of them -- kind of nubby -- and when I pushed my fingers in 
farther, till the base of my thumb was against her cunt, I 
discovered that my earlier perception had been correct: About three 
inches inside, her cunt suddenly opened much more. I knew a woman 
had no nerve endings that far inside, yet when I waggled the ends 
of my four fingers in that roomier place, she gasped and began 
rocking her torso in long, tense, sensuous waves. She made a deep, 
guttural sound from somewhere in her throat and I knew that nerve-
endings or not, she was aware of the movement in there and she was 
enjoying it.
     "You like that when I stuff your cunt, don't you?" I said. 
"You like being full and stretched, doing things you think are 
dirty." She wailed softly and her hands thrashed the tangled 
sheets.
     "And you want more, don't you?"
     She seemed to be sobbing -- and cumming.
     I bent my thumb under and carefully insinuated it into her 
cunt lips. Her labia were stretched tight. I used my other hand to 
work her pussy lips clear, to avoid pinching the sensitive flesh. I 
wished I had some K-Y, but she was so wet and slippery that it didn't 
seem necessary.
     With all five fingers folded into her cunt, I began gently 
turning my wrist, loosening her hole and spreading her copious 
lubricants. Then, carefully, I began working my hand forward. This 
was one of those occasions when I did not mind having hands that 
were a tad small for my size -- and I almost wished the years of 
carpentry and karate hadn't made them so thick.
     Still, when my knuckles reached the entrance there was no 
room. She was grinding her hips back and forth against my hand and 
babbling incoherently, hungrily, but I didn't want to force it. She 
was a small girl and it was amazing that she had taken -- and 
seemed to be enjoying! -- as much as she did, but everything has 
its limit, I figured. As it was, I was delighted to have discovered 
yet another way to provide yet another kind of intense and 
satisfying orgasm for this woman. I experimented with moving my 
hand in different ways and at different speeds and her reactions 
were so fucking exciting to see that I almost shot my wad. As it 
was, my cock was so hard it was beginning to ache.
     Then, without warning, with her face and shoulders and tits 
flat on the blanket, she reached back with both hands and pulled 
her asscheeks apart. Her cunt lips eked back a fraction of an inch 
or so from my hand. She began rolling her hips around and 
back, around and back. She pressed against my hand and it required 
a good deal of strength to hold my arm in place. But I did.
     Slowly, bit by bit, the wider part of my hand was being 
engulfed by her cunt. Only the souvenirs of a misspent adolescence 
in a bad neighborhood -- i.e., knuckles that had been broken more 
than once -- enabled my hand to accept the compression of her cunt. 
My fingers were being squeezed awkwardly and it was beginning to 
hurt, but I didn't care. She was determined and I was going to go 
along with it as long as I could -- because it was one helluva 
turn-on. 
     And all the time, I was talking dirty to her about what she 
was doing and what was going on -- just the way she liked. "Oh, you 
like that, don't you, impaling yourself on something so big, too 
big for that hot little Chinese cunt, stuffing your pussy with 
something big and fat and warm, filling up your wet twat -- "
     Et cetera.
     My fingers were getting numb inside her and we seemed at last 
to have reached the limit. The thick, muscular base of my thumb was 
pressed against her cunt lips and she simply could not seem to get 
that widest part of my hand into her. She jerked and bucked against 
my hand, but it wasn't going any farther.
     She took her hands away from her ass cheeks and braced them on 
the bed. Her head came up. I could see the shine of sweat coating 
her entire body. 
     She turned her head partially toward me and said, voice 
quaver: "Fuck me with your hand!"
     "It's too big -- "
     "Fuck me with your hand -- all of it -- spread me -- fuck me!"
     "It'll hurt you -- "
     "Do it! Hurt me! Fuck me!"
     I ducked my head forward and licked the base of my thumb, then 
wrapped my free hand around her thighs. "Alright, you weird, 
perverted little cunt -- you're going to get what you've been 
asking for!"
     "Yesssss...." she wailed.
     I twisted and turned my hand, forcing my fingers into rough 
alignment within her pussy -- and pushed. She gasped and I knew it 
had to be hurting her, but:
     "Yes-- fuck -- fuck -- fuck -- " She grunted it rhythmically, 
almost a chant and slowly, the fattest part of my hand slid into 
her cunt. I could feel the ring of her pubic bones through her 
tortured flesh, but she was pressing back against me as hard as she 
could, so hard that her legs and arms shook with the effort.
     Bit by bit, my hand slid into her cunt, until it was almost to 
the wrist. My fingers were well into that wider, open part of her 
inner cunt and her labia were closing on the narrower base of my 
hand.
     "Oooohhh yes, fuck me with it, fuck me with it!" she was 
wailing. 
     I didn't know how I was going to get my hand back out, but now 
that it was all the way in, I figured we should make the most of 
it. I worked my hand back and forth in her cunt, no more than a 
quarter of an inch in either direction -- but her pussy was so 
thoroughly packed that the slight motion was having a powerful 
effect. She screamed and came and then began rocking back and 
forth, trying to widen and deepen the movement. She took still more 
of my hand into her, got it right to the bones of my wrist and only 
then did it seem I had touched bottom. With my free hand I caressed 
her abdomen (from the outside -- for variety). It was as hard as 
steel and as I moved my hand within her, her belly rippled and 
flexed and she screamed and came again.
     I flexed the hand within her and she came even more 
powerfully. Carefully, I folded my fingers under, then my thumb and 
slowly made and clenched my fist. I felt the walls of that more 
open place suddenly close about my fist and then she went 
absolutely apeshit. To this day, only once have I ever seen 
anything to rival the way June came with my fist inside her. 
     She was totally out of control, quite berserk. Her lithe, 
firm young body gyrated and bucked wildly, her hips pumping as if 
it were a nice, reasonable cock in her honey hole -- and not a fat, 
hard, thick fist. She pulled forward till my entire fist was 
spreading even the narrowest part of her cunt -- and then rammed 
herself back and impaled herself to the limit on it. She did it 
again and again, all the time screaming and babbling mad, lusty 
gibberish. I reached under to caress her clitoris and when my 
finger found the rudely stretched little nubbin, June completely 
lost it. Her movements resembled nothing so much as grand mal, a 
severe seizure. One leg straightened spastically, and she was on 
one knee on the bed, her torso flat to the covers and her hips 
cocked and her ass in the air. Her well-stuffed cunt was the only 
part of her that wasn't moving; she shook everywhere else.
     And then, abruptly, that condition reversed. She went almost 
catatonic, rigid and unmoving -- except for her hips. They ratcheted 
rapidly, in short, mechanical strokes, her cunt fucking my hand to 
the wrist in a way it had never moved on my cock. And while this 
continued, she began to roll over, first onto her back, then onto 
her side.
     I was astonished at the quantity and quality and thickness 
of her lubrication, to accomplish this movement. Her juices were 
literally dripping down my arm. I eased my free hand under her ass 
to move her so her legs were on the bed. Her face was drawn and 
gaunt, thinner, her mouth open and lips parted and endless soft 
babbling and moans were coming out of them. Her nipples were 
inflated; that's the only word for it. Usually her nipples made 
nifty hard little spikes, but even her aureoles seemed to be 
swollen and raised. I brushed my fingers over them, wonderingly, and 
she groaned like a sleeping dreamer protesting the alarm clock. 
     And all the time, her legs widespread and now bent slightly at 
the knees, her hips were moving - back-forth, back-forth.
     Her eyes opened. They were glassy. She looked almost drugged. 
Slowly, she focused on my face.
     "Nothing ... has ever ... been so ... good ... " she breathed. 
"I can't stop cumming .... "
     My balls were beginning to throb with the prolonged arousal. 
She reached for my cock in slow motion. Her hand rested lightly on 
it, fell back to the bed, then again reached for it. She grabbed it 
and pulled.
     My hand still trapped in her cunt made it awkward, but the 
differences in our size made it possible. I knelt on the bed, bent 
over so my face was near her knees as she drew my cock toward her 
mouth. 
     "I want to drink you, " she whispered, "and as you fuck my 
mouth, take your fist out."
     I began slowly, carefully straightening my fingers inside her.
     "No!" she barked sharply. "Your fist."
     What June lacked in style for cocksucking, she made up for by 
sheer, brute sucking. She took half my cock in her mouth and 
immediately began sucking for oil. Her body was writhing almost 
normally and my balls lurched and I started to cum. I pulled my 
clenched fist back, but it simply wasn't going to work.
     Then the full rush of my ejaculation was on me. I came as if I 
was hemorrhaging jism into her sucking mouth. My hand in her cunt 
unclenched and I began pulling it out. Her twat was fearsomely 
tight, but I pulled anyhow and as June drained the last of what 
felt like an endless stream of cum from my cock, my hand slowly 
began re-emerging form her cunt.
     I rolled away from her slightly, and made a fist of the cunt 
filling hand -- right there, in the narrowest part of her pussy.
     She arched and stiffened, as if electrified, and when I yanked 
my clenched fist out of her cunt, she let out a scream that 
literally hurt my ears. She screamed a word, clearly and precisely, 
but at a volume and pitch that was painful: "DARLING!"
     She remained arched like that for what seemed a long time, 
thought I knew even then it was less than ten seconds. But she was 
so rigid that I was afraid to touch her; she might shatter. Every 
muscle and ligament in her lovely body was taut and clearly 
outlined. 
     Then she sucked in a long breath, with a sound like tearing 
wool. Her hips jerked violently, then her thighs trembled and she 
collapsed back on the bed, shuddering uncontrollably. Her belly was 
rippling wildly and from between the lips of her cunt -- which, 
astonishingly, looked almost as if nothing had happened -- thick 
juice drooled, soaking the sheets, the blankets and the mattress.
     Her eyes closed, she gasped -- no: She panted -- and shivered. 
I grabbed some of the blankets from the floor and threw them across 
us, then rolled her into my arms. I lay on my back, holding her 
against me, on top of me. She was still shivering and her hips 
still flexed and I could feel that juice still dribbling onto my 
thighs. I kissed her lovely eyes and her forehead and her nose and 
her lips, then I licked her lips, still sticky with my cum. I had 
one hand -- the hand -- resting on her ass under the covers, 
lightly caressing. And to my utter and complete astonishment, 
despite the fact that I had just cum in her mouth with gut-
wrenching intensity, I found I had another hard-on. My stiff dick 
was pressing against her constantly shifting thighs.
     June seemed barely conscious, but she parted her legs and 
wriggled her hips and her cunt slid onto my cock. If the fact of my 
hard-on was surprising, the renewed tightness of her cunt was 
downright astonishing.
     Prone atop me, her hips barely moving, June pumped my cock 
slowly with her cunt. Her eyes opened slightly and she pressed her 
lips to my nipple, then raised her head slightly and smiled -- at 
my expression of amazement, I guess.
     "How can you be so tight again?" I whispered.
     Her smile broadened -- and then her cunt suddenly closed 
around my cock. She squeezed, relaxed, squeezed, relaxed -- it 
almost felt like her cunt was sucking me.
     "Do you think you can cum again, my sweet darling?"
     "I -- I doubt it."
     "I don't. I am going to make you cum." 
     I'm not sure exactly how she did it or even what she did, but 
suddenly my cock was pulsating and then I was spurting into her 
again. She pressed her pubis down against mine, grinding her 
clitoris against me. Her mouth went slack and she gave a soft 
little cry of pleasure -- and then she collapsed upon me, as limp 
as my cock.
     "Now we rest," she said, her mouth wet against my shoulder.
     I let myself drift -- as if I could have stopped it -- and I 
remember, quite clearly, that as I fell asleep with this lovely, 
amazing, sweet, depraved woman sprawled atop me, I couldn't imagine 
anything weirder ... or more oddly pleasurable.
     Of course, that was about ten years ago, before I learned to 
let my imagination run amok.
--
