Archive-name: Affairs/singapr2.txt
Archive-author: Friar Dave
Archive-title: Singapore Girl - 2


     Over the course of the next couple of weeks, June and I 
became intimately acquainted, not simply acquainted intimately. She 
was very serious about her job and her work and as much as that 
apartment on Greenwich must have been costing her company -- I have 
to figure about twenty-two hundred a month in 1978 dollars -- along 
with the equipment and her salary, they got their money's worth.
     The setup was ideal for us, as well. My apartment was 
literally a block away and, as I worked at home, we got to spend a 
good deal of time together. We spent a lot of it fucking and 
sucking and we spent a lot of it talking or simply being together. 
A true friendship developed along with the sheer physical passion.
     There was a lot of passion. 
     She called me in the middle of the day, a Tuesday, and 
suggested I come over for lunch. It would be my first taste of her 
cooking -- chicken and (of course) rice with stir-fried vegetables. 
As she cooked, she told me of her home life in Singapore, of the 
poverty and answered all of my questions. We ate at the conference 
room table and after we cleaned up, I slipped my arms around her 
from behind as we looked out the window at the backyard of the 
brownstone. Spring was just beginning, and one of the neighbors had 
a well-kept little garden. Its focus was an ancient oak and the 
birds were relearning the branches, hopping and flitting among the 
little green leave buds.
     I kissed the side of her neck and lightly rubbed her swelling 
buds. She pressed her ass back and up against me, rubbing against 
the swelling. "Oooooo -- I am so itchy!" she hummed.
     I slid one hand down to cup her cunt and squeeze it through 
her jeans, then began to undo her belt. The window sill was high 
off the floor, so no one outside could see when I had her jeans 
opened and had my hand inside her pants and one finger wiggling 
inside her very wet pussy.
     We couldn't wait long enough to get upstairs to the bedroom, 
but there was this terrific desk... I pushed the lower half of the 
shutters closed and led June to the desk. On her typing chair was a 
thick cushion she used to boost her high enough to type comfortably 
and I put it on the edge of the desk. Then I put June's tight hips 
on the cushion, bent her forward as I freed my hard cock and 
pounded into her -- deep and in one stroke. I slammed at her hard, 
telling her how hot her cunt was and how wet and it wasn't long 
before I was pouring my juice into her. She only came three or four 
times, so I wasn't surprised when she told me she was still 
"itchy."
     Neither of us got any more work done that afternoon and I came 
back over that night; June wanted to watch a scary movie on 
television and she didn't want to watch it alone. The movie -- 
Phantasm -- ended at 11:30. June asked me to move something down 
from the top shelf of the closet in the TV room. In the process I 
found some magazines -- some very explicit girly magazines -- which 
I took down.
     Now, June had told me that her first break with the ex-im 
company had come through the intercession of the owner, a 
Scandinavian, with whom she'd been having an affair. She'd 
explained that they understood each other's needs and that they 
weren't going to be monogamous or anything like that, since they 
only saw each other for about a week at a time three or four times 
a year. That was fine with me, since it was fine with her and 
evidently fine with him. The girly magazines were hers, she said. 
     I teased her, telling her I thought they were really hers and 
she was secretly harboring lesbian fantasies for blondes and 
redheads with huge tits. (One, I recall quite distinctly, was 
listed as measuring 48-22-33 -- and the photos of the young redhead 
backed up the numbers.)
     She knew I was kidding and replied with mock anger that since 
she had such small breasts, her boyfriend-boss had to look at these 
pictures when he was visiting; helped him remember the girls at 
home, or some such. 
     At that point I opened June's robe and nightgown and sucked 
her nipples and told her that her breasts were in perfect 
proportion to the rest of her, that anything more than a mouthful 
was wasted, and that any guy who thought she was less desirable 
than the bimbos in the pictures was a goddam fool. Then I got on my 
knees and ate her pussy till she was screaming and cumming again. 
Later, I got her to tell me a little bit about her boyfriend. She 
didn't tell much -- just enough to give me an idea of what kind of 
person he was -- and made me laugh with the tale of her family's 
reaction when she brought him home to meet them. Since he was about 
six-five and June was so short, her sister teased that it looked 
like a skyscraper with a two-story garage.
     Still later, after we fucked yet again, I suggested to June 
that we spend Saturday night at my place. For one thing, my cat was 
forgetting what I looked like. For another, her bed was lumpy and 
noisy and her home was cold; my waterbed was quiet and comfy and my 
apartment was warm.
     She agreed, allowing as how she'd never slept in a waterbed. 
And she confided that she was going to buy a new bedroom set, one 
with a canopy, possibly. What did I think?
     I told her I really disliked canopied beds. She explained that 
the canopy wasn't essential, but the four posts were ... and 
confided that she had a fantasy involving being tied and fucked...
     Bondage had never turned me on. In fact, I was a bit uneasy 
with the idas. But if that was what she fantasized -- and since I 
knew I wasn't about to abuse her -- I thought, What the hell? Maybe 
one of these days, I told myself ... 
    Saturday night was everything I had hoped -- and more. We went 
out to eat at the Waverly Inn, then went back to my place and 
opened a bottle of white wine, a Riesling. We pretty much killed 
the bottle, sitting in my living room and talking. We got pretty 
relaxed and June confided some other fantasies she had, mostly 
involving famous people or deserted beaches. She also confessed a 
fantasy of having a couple of men at once, as she had seen in a 
porno film. She asked me my fantasies.
     I told her the truth: I had managed to experience just about 
every fantasy I'd ever had, except the one involving the midget, 
the fat lady, the mule and the VW Microbus. She laughed and opened 
another bottle of wine. She liked scotch, I knew, but my entire 
liquor cabinet had been wiped out just before I met June. I'd been 
temporarily putting up a sometimes lover, a sleek little blonde, 
who was visiting from West Germany, and found out she was an 
alcoholic when she left and I discovered every bottle in the liquor 
closet was empty. Though I hadn't known she was sucking booze 
almost constantly, I had known she liked a drink and frequently 
would get herself buzzed and then wanted to be roughly fucked. 
She'd even had me buy her a couple of dildos and a vibrator. One 
night, when she was a bit more than somewhat blotto, she put on a 
show. I had explained to June about the booze. Now I told her that 
just a few weeks before I'd met her, one of my fantasies -- to see 
a slim, sexy woman fucking herself to orgasm with a big dildo -- 
had been realized. I didn't have many left unrealized.
     "Do you still have them?"
     "Sure. repetition is fine when it comes to fantasies -- "
     "No, no," she said. I noticed that her face was flushed and 
she was squirming a bit in the low-slung chair. "The dildos."
     It took me a moment -- I'd had about four glasses of wine at 
that point -- to understand the question. I thought about it. "I 
don't think so," I said. "I cleaned out one of the closets after 
she left and pitched almost everything and that's where I usually 
let her keep a lot of her stuff."
     "How big was it?" She had slid lower in the chair and was 
rubbing her thighs together.
     "Oh, you know -- the size of a closet. About ceiling high -- "
     She threw a magazine at me. "Not the closet!"
     "Oh." I held my hands out, about a foot apart. "Twelve inches 
long and about two inches thick, maybe a little more."
     She was rubbing her cunt through the taut, dampened fabric of 
her jeans. "It's making me itchy to think about it ... "
     It wasn't exactly sedating me to watch her at the moment, 
either.
     "Drink your wine, June," I said, standing. "Because I want to 
fuck your hot cunt."
     She shuddered and reached for her glass. She drained it in a 
gulp and when she put it down, she toppled the bottle. It was 
almost empty, but some of it got on the carpet. 
     "Look what I did!" she said. "I'm sorry ... I want to make it 
up to you." She sat up. I was standing next to her. She unzipped my 
pants and managed to work my rigid cock through the opening and 
began sucking it furiously, hungrily, as if she enjoyed sucking 
cock. The sensation was maddening -- and all the more so when I 
locked down and saw this lovely, aroused oriental girl's soft, 
thick lips wrapped around my cock. 
     "Rub your cunt," I groaned. "I have always wanted to be sucked 
off by a woman while she masturbates!"
     She groaned, the vibrations stimulating me even more, as she 
opened her tight jeans and worked her hand inside. I saw the bulge 
of her fingers moving between her legs and watched her hips 
beginning to buck on the chair.
     I reached down and pulled her head back. I looked down into 
her face. She was deeply flushed and her eyes were closed. Her 
hand was still moving inside her jeans. Her soft, luscious lips 
were parted and her nostrils were flaring.
     "Go into my bedroom, take off your clothes and lay down -- and 
keep playing with yourself," I told her. "I have another fantasy -- 
and I think you're going to like it."
     She staggered slightly as she stood. I think it was more from 
arousal and having her movements restricted by the hand still 
thrust into her jeans than any effect of the wine. She headed for 
the bedroom and I stepped into the foyer where I kept miscellaneous 
stuff, like Christmas decorations, boots and the like. I had 
remembered something.
     It was indeed there. I paused in the bathroom for a little 
hygiene exercise, then stepped into the bedroom with the Lufthansa 
flightbag.
     June lay sprawled on the bed. She was naked and had both 
hands between her legs. She had dug the index finger of each hand 
into her cunt and was working the fingers in and out and pulling her 
cunt open and then letting it close again. Her eyes were closed and 
her mouth was open and her nipples, always lovely, looked to be 
even longer and harder and more clearly defined than usual. 
     I stripped and knelt beside her on the bed. The waterbed 
rippled and she looked up at me -- right at my stiff dick. 
     "Your cock is so hard and beautiful."
     "You want to fulfill a fantasy for me?"
     She shivered with an orgasm and then nodded, still frigging 
away. Her eyes were alternately wide and heavy-lidded.
     I upended the bag. Three dildos and a vibrator fell onto the 
waterbed besides the tube of K-Y I'd grabbed in the bathroom. 
     I took the smallest of the dildos and spread some of the jelly 
on the tip. The rubber dick was black and about the same length as my 
cock but only about an inch and a half in diameter.
     "Stick this in your cunt," I told her. "And suck my cock while 
you fuck yourself."
     She shook again and groaned, then took the dildo and slipped 
it all the way into her twat. She moaned again and began rapidly 
fucking herself. I could hear her breath timed to the movements of 
the latex dong in her pussy. I lowered myself over her in pushup 
position -- no mean feat on a waterbed -- and she parted her lips 
to take the head of my cock. 
     This was good and hot and pleasurable, but the awkward 
position was doing little for me. I wanted to watch her do herself 
while she sucked me and I told her so. Also, I noticed that she was 
literally burying the dildo in her cunt -- to the point where she'd 
stick two fingers in behind it to push it deeper, then fish it out. 
Could that lovely Chinese cunt take more?
     I raised myself and lay beside her in a sideways '69' 
position. She turned to match me and as she engulfed my cock again, 
I reached over to the collection of toys and took the next dildo. 
This was flesh colored, about eight inches long and just a shade 
thicker than my cock. I lubed it with the K-Y, then ducked my head 
forward. I displaced her fingers and licked her clit. She opened 
her legs wide, raising one as if she were doing a Workout. I 
reached around from behind with my free hand and fished the 
smallest dildo out of her cunt, all the while licking and sucking 
her clit and labia. She shuddered and hunched her hips forward, 
ramming her pubis -- with its now-soaked mat of fine, straight hair 
-- into my chin. She came and came and sucked all the harder on me 
for her cumming. I tossed the small dildo aside on the big 
waterbed, then put the bigger one in her hand.
     She raised her leg still wider and quickly lined the dildo up 
with her cunt and slid it in until barely a fingerhold remained. To 
this day, I can close my eyes and see her maroon-painted 
fingernails as she gripped the dildo almost daintily and worked it 
rapidly -- and deeper than I'd expected -- in and out of that 
molten cunt.
     She fucked herself hard and even faster with the bigger dildo, 
When I leaned my head forward to lick her again, she stopped 
sucking me for a moment, just long enough to say, "No -- lay back 
and allow me to pleasure you!"
     I didn't think it would be polite to argue. I rolled onto my 
back. She rolled her hips flat on the bed and then propped her 
torso up on one elbow. The waterbed was very accommodating; it gave 
enough that her face was almost perfectly level with my upstanding 
hard-on, a happy coincidence she took complete and immediate -- and 
enthusiastic -- advantage of. And this was the girl who didn't 
particularly like to suck cock!
     In the meantime, I was getting a helluva show. Not two feet 
from my face, this lusty Singaporean lovely was furiously fucking 
her fine cunt with a dildo I'd thought would be too much for her 
to handle comfortably. In fact, she was increasing the tempo and 
again, completely burying the dong in her soaking snatch. And all 
the time, she was rather expertly bringing me repeatedly to the 
brink of orgasm and then relenting just enough to hold me in check.
     I flailed one hand about till it lighted on the K-Y, then 
found the last dildo. I greased it thoroughly and dubiously -- for 
this one was about a foot long and more than two inches thick. It 
was, in fact, as nearly as thick as her forearm and perhaps the 
same length! Feeling its massiveness under my fingers as I lubed 
it, I was again doubtful .... but then I watched her drive the 
medium-size dildo up her cunt and push it still deeper with her 
fingers and decided, What the hell? If it appeared she was 
uncomfortable, I would simply abandon the idea.
     "Take that dildo out of your cunt," I gasped and she used her 
tongue on the underside of my dick -- all the while, sucking me 
furiously.
     She complied, her hands shaking, and I hefted the big rubber 
dong into place. I reached over with one hand and spread her cunt 
lips while with the other as I placed the dildo's rather realistic 
head at the entrance.
     "If this hurts, you must tell me," said. "Understand?"
     "Mmmmmm-hmmmm," she hummed and I damn near lost the beans 
right then and there, what with the combination of what she was 
doing with her tongue and lips and the vibrations.
     I began pushing the dildo. She revolved her hips a bit, 
working them around in small circles as if searching for the right 
angle. I could feel her tense -- and then the huge head of the 
dildo was in her hot cunt. She flexed her hips down, stretching her 
labia and bringing her clitoris, swollen and pink, almost into 
contact with the slippery latex. I pushed more, steadily and 
carefully, watching for any sign that her limit was nearing.
     I might as well have watched for a UFO. Inch after thick inch 
of that rubber cock slid into her hungry snatch and I finally 
stopped when no more than two inches remained outside.  She had 
more than ten inches of thick rubber dildo jammed into her cunt. 
She not only didn't seem uncomfortable; she seemed positively 
delighted.
     I worked it slowly in and out of her cunt a few times, 
watching her pussy lips stretch and grip the sides as it withdrew, 
then part, like her legs, as it slid back in. 
     She lay back, surrendering my cock for the moment, and simply 
allowed her cunt to be fucked by the big artificial dick. Her hips 
bucked wildly, eagerly and she came powerfully. 
     "Damn, I never thought anything that big could fuck your 
cunt," I said softly.
     "Fuck me," she gasped. "Fuck me with that rubber cock!" 
     As if impatient with her own instructions, she reached down 
with one hand and began plumbing her own opening with far more 
energy than I had dared; I was restrained by fear of hurting her.
     She again propped herself on one elbow and bent over to suck 
my cock. I lay partially turned toward her, watching her fuck 
herself with this enormous artificial prick. She pumped her cunt 
wildly as she dropped her open mouth onto my cock and sucked 
powerfully. There was no finesse to this fellatio; she was sucking 
and pumping my prick powerfully with her hot mouth, doing a 
genuine hoover number, as she probed her pussy with the prodigious 
prick-substitute.
     I watched her abdomen tense and relent as she fucked herself. 
I lay my hand on her lower belly and I could literally feel the 
movements of the latex glans with her. I pressed down, carefully 
and experimentally and she immediately came again. She flopped back 
and gasped and I pressed a little harder, then shifted so I could 
compress her abdomen, just above her pubis, with one hand. My other 
hand I put over hers on the end of the dildo, simply going along 
for the ride.
     She came again and again and then she was cumming almost 
nonstop. The only time the dildo stopped moving was when she was in 
the depths of her orgasm and on those occasions, I simply took over 
for her. I was damn near ready to pop just watching her!
     And then inspiration struck.
     I reversed myself so we were head to head. I licked her 
nipples and gave them a light nip with my teeth. (She came again, 
each time; I was not surprised.) I rolled her onto her side, facing 
away from me and decided to give it a shot. I took the K-Y and 
lubed my cock.
     "What do you do?"
     "I am going to fuck your ass," I told her.
     This was the crucial point. On occasions when I had begun to 
finger her ass, she'd expressed great unease -- not pain or 
discomfort -- at having me play with her asshole. But the way 
things were going...
     I pulled the dildo from her cunt. She tensed, as if reluctant 
to surrender it, and then I guided the head of my raging cock to 
her asshole. Again she tensed. "I am going to fuck your hot little 
ass," I said and she shuddered slightly. "And I am going to shoot 
my hot cum up into your bowels."
     This time her shiver was unmistakably arousal -- but with a 
tinge of uncertainty to it. 
     I pressed my hips forward and she rolled away slightly, 
slowly, until I was almost on top of her. I drove my cock head down 
into her ass. She relaxed some at first, but once my glans was in 
her, she tightened up. The sensation was exquisite. Beads of sweat 
broke out on her perfectly proportioned back, but I pushed slowly, 
steadily down into the heat of her tight ass till her buttocks, so 
firm and shapely, were pressed against my abdomen. I reached around 
with one hand and lightly dandled her clitoris. With each brush of 
my fingers across her hot-spot, her sphincter constricted around 
the base of my cock, as if to milk me. After her passionate 
cocksucking and the fabulous show, this made self-control a real 
accomplishment. The alcohol in the wine may have been the only 
thing that saved me at that point -- because I did not want to cum 
yet. There was one more thing I wanted first.
     When I started to pull back, I felt her tense, but not with 
pleasure. Having my cock rammed up her ass wasn't painful to her, 
but moving it much would hurt her or be sufficiently uncomfortable 
that it would not be fun for her. But that was okay, since my cock 
wasn't going to be moving much for what I had planned.
     With the hand that was under her, I gripped her pubis and 
using my forearm, levered her back with me as I rolled on my side. 
     "What are you going to -- to do?" she asked. (The stutter was 
the result of my rubbing her hard little clitoris again.)
     "You are going to put this back inside your cunt," I said, 
placing the giant dildo in her hand. I guided the head of it back 
to the entrance of her cunt.
     "I don't know -- "
     "Try it in your pussy," I growled. "Push it up that hot cunt."
     She pushed. Her asshole compressed about me as the thick 
rubber glans slid into her. She panted and I leaned forward to 
watch her nipples. Her breasts heaved and her nipples looked taut, 
as if their distention was so great that they might shatter -- or 
burst. I licked my palm and rubbed it across first one, then the 
other.
     Her ass convulsed and her hips jerked. "Don't do that!" she 
shrieked, as if cumming again were too much for her. Since she was 
continuing to push the dildo into her, I went along with her 
request. 
     "Unnnnnnnnnn....." she groaned and I echoed her as I felt the 
latex dick sliding into her velvety cunt. Felt it, I say, because 
its progress was clearly expressed by the progressive compression 
of my cock in the adjoining channel.
     "I think it's too much -- too much for the system," she half-
sobbed ... and then rammed the dildo almost entirely up her cunt.
     "AHHHH! Ohh --YES!" she screamed and began madly pumping her 
twat with the foot-long dildo. Her asshole, tight to begin with and 
even tighter with the pressure of the wrist-thick dildo in her 
cunt, just on the other side of the thin wall of flesh separating 
the two sheaths, tightened still further as she sobbed and came, 
sobbed and came. Her orgasms were almost frighteningly intense and 
I slid my hand down to her pubis and took her swollen, arching 
clitoris between my thumb and forefinger and carefully played with 
it, brushing the tip of my index fingers across it as lightly as I 
could manage with her bucking.
     She screamed and reached up with her free hand to find and 
pinch and pull one nipple. Her sphincter was pinching my cock 
tremendously; I knew that I was going to cum powerfully and 
enormously pleasurably the moment it relaxed in the slightest.
     "Is this what you've always wanted?" she gasped. "To fuck a 
nice, tight Chinese girl in the ass?"
     And all the time, she was cumming.
     Instead of saying anything, I slid one finger down and wedged 
it into her cunt next to the pistoning dildo.
     "Ha--aaa!" she cried. She pushed her cunt forward, taking the 
finger to the second knuckle as she plunged all but a fingertip's 
worth of the dildo into her snatch. She clenched, cumming, for a 
long time, then eased off slightly.
     I started to cum.
     "Now I'm going to fill your hot little June-ass with my hot 
cream," I whispered -- groaned, actually,
     As soon as I said it, she began pumping her cunt with the big 
dildo, as if she were a tunneler trying to break through to the 
next level.
     "YES!" she screamed.
     "Fuck your ass, fuck your hot fucking ass," I said over and 
over and over again. I thought I'd never stop cumming. The 
convulsive squeezing of the taut ring of her sphincter, along with 
the varying compression of her anal tube on my cock as a result of 
the huge, moving dildo in the adjoining channel, were restricting 
the flow of my semen through my cock. My orgasm was being stretched 
and enhanced and I thought I was going to pass out with the sheer, 
unending pleasure of it.
     "I will milk you," she whispered -- and her sphincter began 
contracting rapid fire, open-close, open-close. This time I was the 
one who screamed. My balls were shivering in my scrotum as I came. 
It felt like pints of cum were pouring into her and when I began to 
roll, drained and exhausted onto my back, she straddled me, keeping 
my cock gripped inside her ass as long as possible, all the time 
moving that big rubber dick in her cunt, getting the last possible 
drop of my semen.
     In the end, of course, even her tight-made-tighter ass had to 
surrender my dwindling, drained dick. She rolled quickly onto her 
belly and emitted a long, loud ... fart, for crying out loud! She 
giggled into the pillow -- and only then did she remove the huge 
dildo from her cunt.
     I had the strength to pull her onto me, to feel her breasts 
crushed against my chest. I had the strength to turn my head and 
kiss her eyes and the side of her nose. But I didn't have the 
strength to do more. I pulled a blanket over us on the juice-soaked 
sheets and fell asleep with her sleeping against my shoulder and in 
my arms. I was spent, she was spent and we were together. I knew we 
would repeat this only infrequently and that it would never be as 
shatteringly good as the first, spontaneous, impulsive time, but 
that didn't matter. There was an enormously powerful bond of 
passion holding us as close as we could be. 
     Sated, she slept. Content, I slept. Entwined, we slept.
     [more]
--
