                               SINGLES VACATION

   This winter I took  my first singles vacation  and if they all  turn out
   this way I will never vacation with my wife again.  I went to a  Jamaica
   all inclusive club known for its uninhibited atmosphere and all out fun.
   As I was traveling alone I tried  to make friends early and struck up  a
   conversation  with  a  cute  brunette  Vera  while  we waited in line at
   immigration.   I  found  out  that  Vera  was traveling with her younger
   cousin Alice and they were staying at the same resort I was.  Vera was a
   Canadian Post  Lady and  while not  stunning in  beauty she  had a tight
   young body with nice firm tits and a slim figure with a hard flat  belly
   and long legs.  Vera had a relaxed, seductive air about her.  Her cousin
   three years her junior  was a college freshman  and while a bit  shorter
   than Vera's 5' 8" and a bit fuller figured.  She had firm full tits  and
   was very seductive.  I  was working on both  of them while we  rode from
   the airport to the club a not so short 2 hour ride over rough roads in a
   small bus.  I learned  quite a lot about  their home life in  Canada and
   arranged to  have dinner  with them.   We arrived  about noon  and after
   getting into our rooms, I was assigned a male room mate, Doug who I  got
   to know quite well during my stay.

   Since there was a lot of time  before the sun went down I decided  to go
   to the beach and see what was going on.  This club has a huge nude beach
   and I was planning on spending all  my time on it.  I stopped by  Vera's
   room to see  if she and  Alice wanted to  join me on  the nude beach,  I
   knocked on  their door  and was  greeted by  Alice.  To  my pleasure and
   amazement Alice was naked and did nothing to cover her full firm breasts
   and lush pussy.  I smiled at her and excused myself for catching her  at
   a bad time and asked her if she  and Vera wanted to join me on the  nude
   beach.  Rubbing her bushy  pussy Alice said sure  and asked me in  for a
   moment.  As I closed the door and watched Alice turn showing me her firm
   full  ass  cheeks  Vera  emerged  from  the  bathroom as naked as Alice.
   Without so much as a surprised look Vera said hi and came to me and  put
   her arms around me and pulled  to her and kissed me slipping  her tongue
   into my mouth.  By now I had a raging hardon and wild thoughts about how
   I was going  to enjoy these  ladies.  Vera asked  me if I  would like to
   relax with them  before we headed  to the beach  and I told  her I would
   like nothing better.  Vera lead me  into the room where Alice had  layed
   back on the bed  with her legs spread  and her knees pulled  up exposing
   her hot cunt as she played with her tits pulling her erect pink  nipples
   and squeezed and fondled the firm flesh of her tit.  Vera explained  the
   she and Alice were lovers and they were about to get it on together when
   I had interrupted them.  I told them I would love to help out and  Alice
   moved to us and started to pull down my swim trunks as Vera pulled up my
   t-shirt.  Before I could move to the bed Alice had my cock in her  hands
   and was tugging gently  on my balls as  she slid my prick  deep into her
   throat.  I began humping her mouth as I pulled and twisted Vera's  stiff
   nipples and moved my hand down her flat belly until my fingers found her
   hot cunt  wet with  her slick  juices.  As  I probed  her sweet slit and
   rubbed her hard clit Alice sucked my cock deep into her mouth until  she
   had my entire 10" down her throat.  Vera watched as her cousin rammed my
   stiff meat into  her mouth and  remarked how nice  it was to  have a big
   cock down her throat.  I told her  we should get on the bed and  explore
   the other  positions and  gently started  for the  bed.  Vera  and Alice
   followed quickly  forcing me  onto my  back on  the bed.   Vera took  up
   Alice's previous job ramming my dick deep into her throat until her nose
   was buried in my pubic hair.  I watched as Alice moved behind her cousin
   and spread  her legs  licking and  sucking Vera's  cunt and  ass as  she
   probed Vera's cunt with her fingers.

   In a short while I begged Vera to climb up and fuck me and she moved  to
   a  position  straddling  my  stiff  throbbing  cock.   Alice  was  still
   fingering Vera's cunt and she spread  her cousins cunt lips and held  my
   prick ready for the onslaught.   Vera slowly lowered herself on  my cock
   slowly pushing my dick deep up her hot wet hole until she had buried  my
   cock balls deep in her pulsing snatch.  Alice pressed her cunt slickened
   fingers up Vera's anus  and began a slow  pumping action up her  cousins
   asshole  as  Vera  began  pumping  my  throbbing dick into her pussy.  I
   called out to Alice to join in the fun and told her I wanted to eat  out
   her cunt.  Alice came around and  kissed me then swung her hips  over my
   face giving me a delicious view of her young tight slit.  I grabbed  her
   hips and pulled her down until  her sweet slit was firmly planted  on my
   mouth and  my tongue  was pressed  up her  quivering pink snatch.  Alice
   ground her cunt into my face and I licked and sucked her stiff pink clit
   causing her to  repeatedly climax.  Vera  was playing with  Alice's tits
   and Alice was sucking on Vera's.  I saw that Alice's asshole was wet and
   waiting so  after giving  it a  few licks  and a  quick probing  with my
   tongue I reached back  and forced two fingers  up her pulsing anus.   My
   fingers in her rectum  brought Alice off in  a gut wrenching orgasm  and
   she filled my mouth with her juices.  Vera began to climax and her  cunt
   clamped around my cock squeezing it tight and bringing on my orgasm.   I
   rammed my dick deeper as I spewed my load into her convulsing cunt.

   We ground our way back to reality and Vera finally pulled herself off my
   cock and layed back my sperm leaking out of her well fucked twat.  Alice
   sucked my cock for a bit  and then moved between Vera's spread  legs and
   began to suck and lick her  sperm soaked pussy licking my load  from her
   cousins creamy twat.   Alice's young firm  slit was still  dripping with
   the juices from  her climax and  my tongue work  on her sweet  clit.  It
   looked so inviting  that I started  to get hard  again as I  watched her
   devour her cousins cunt lapping up my sperm as she finger fucked  Vera's
   cunt and asshole.  I got up and began to lick and finger her cunt  while
   I played with  her pink ass  pucker and rubbed  her clit.  I  could tell
   Alice was warming up to my intention of fucking her young pussy and  her
   quivering cunt told me she was ready.  I moved in behind her and  slowly
   pushed my cock into her wet tight  cunt as I slipped my finger into  her
   asshole.  Soon I had my cock jammed in her hot cunt and my finger buried
   deep in her  asshole.  I began  to fuck her  sweet holes with  long slow
   strokes alternating the thrusts of my  fat stiff prick up her cunt  with
   the probing of  my finger up  her twitching rectum.   Vera was thrashing
   about as her orgasm peaked and  Alice was now licking Vera's clit  while
   she probed Vera's cunt and anus with her strong fingers.  Alice was  hot
   and I could feel  her young cunt tighten  around my straining cock  with
   each deep thrust I  pounded up her slit.   Alice began her orgasm  and I
   could tell it was going to be  a big one because her whole pubic  region
   tightened and  quivered as  the waves  of orgasm  rippled thru her young
   body.  Her pussy got hotter and tighter as she spent herself on my stiff
   cock  and  I  to  began  to  climax  filling her tight young cunt with a
   massive load of sperm.  I pounded her cunt until my cock went soft and I
   had to pull out.  Vera quickly  pushed Alice on her back and  spread her
   legs diving  on her  sperm ladened  pussy and  licking my  load from her
   cousin's  still  twitching  pussy.   While  Vera  licked up our orgasmic
   juices  I  played  with  her  pussy  fingering her sweet slit and gently
   licking her  asshole until  both her  and Alice  were spent and relaxed.
   Alice thanked me  for cumming to  see them and  said she hoped  we could
   spend  all  our  time  together.   I  looked  at Vera and she smiled her
   approval and I nodded my head telling them both I would be very grateful
   to spend  my vacation  with them  and looked  forward to  many more  hot
   couplings.

   We dressed and  headed off to  the beach picking  up drinks on  the way.
   Once on the beach  we stripped down and  relaxed in the sun  letting the
   warm rays ease the tension of the trip relax us.  There were quite a few
   people on the beach and we met a couple from Ohio who were very friendly
   and quite uninhibited.  There names were  Tom and Jill.  Tom was a  tall
   slim guy with a fairly large cock and handsome features.  His wife  Jill
   was a short petite blond with  nice firm tits and a neatly  shaved pussy
   which  clearly  showed  off  her  pink  full pussy lips.  Jill was quite
   forward  and  layed  back  enticing  me  with  her  body  as she sunned,
   spreading her legs wide showing me the inner lips of her cunt.  I  could
   tell Jill was aroused because her  pussy was always wet even in  the hot
   sun which bore down on her  exposed cunt.  Vera and Alice were  watching
   both Jill and Tom with obvious interest  and I felt we could all get  it
   on if the conditions were right.  We all took a swim and after a lot  of
   splashing and fooling around complete with some discrete private touches
   we returned to the beach to dry off and sun some more.  Alice asked Vera
   and I  to rub  some sun-block  on her  as she  felt she was beginning to
   burn.  Vera took the top half and I worked on her bottom making sure  to
   work the slippery lotion into her ass and between her cheeks making sure
   to rub it well into her puckered asshole.  Once we had finished her back
   Alice turned over and  we proceeded on her  front.  I worked the  lotion
   into her firm thighs and across her taught belly making sure to coat her
   furry pussy.  Vera  worked the sun  block into Alice's  firm tits making
   her nipples  swell and  stand up  erect as  our new  friends watched.  I
   couldn't resist spreading her cunt  lips and rubbing a good  amount into
   her cunt and in the process  fingering her now very erect pink  clit.  I
   could tell  Alice was  very aroused  but she  played her  part well  and
   relaxed as we worked her hot young body to a frenzy.

   After she was well coated Alice and I repeated the procedure on Vera and
   I could swear we brought her to  an inch of climax in the process.   The
   girls next  worked me  over and  I felt  Vera spread  my ass  cheeks and
   slowly  slide  her  lotion  slick  finger  up  my  asshole to the second
   knuckle.  When  I turned  over on  my back  I had  a full fledged hardon
   sticking up and Alice switched with  Vera and worked my stiff cock  over
   good stopping just before  I was about to  climax.  We all settled  back
   and watched as Tom did Jill making sure we could see him probe her  cunt
   and asshole in  the process.  Jill  almost went too  far with Tom  and I
   could see gobs of pre-cum mixing with the lotion as she worked his stiff
   meat.  Vera whispered in my ear that she and Alice would like me to  try
   to set up a fucking and sucking session with Tom and Jill.  I told her I
   would like  nothing better  and after  a few  minutes I  asked if anyone
   wanted another round of drinks.  All the ladies said yes so I asked  Tom
   to go with me  to the bar.  Wrapping  towels around us we  headed up the
   beach to get the drinks  and on the way Tom  and I talked about how  hot
   the girls had gotten  us and themselves.  I  suggested that he and  Jill
   join us for dinner  and we all spend  the night together if  he and Jill
   didn't object.  Tom  thought it was  a great idea  and told me  Jill had
   already confided her desire for my  cock to him.  I told Tom  that Alice
   and Vera were bi and would be all over Jill in a flash.  Tom laughed and
   told me Jill had always liked the ladies and had more than once  coupled
   with more than one girl during some of their swing party escapades.

   Tom and  I returned  with the  drinks and  found the  ladies in intimate
   conversation  as  we  approached  Jill  pointed  at  us and laughed then
   reached  out  and  grabbed  Vera's  tit  and  pulled gently on her erect
   nipple.  I could tell Tom and I were in for a workout and I was  looking
   forward to it.  We  had our drinks and  I suggested that the  five of us
   get together for dinner as the sun was setting and the air was getting a
   bit cool.  As the  beach had become deserted  and I wanted to  insure we
   all felt the same way about the evenings plans I moved over to Jill  and
   sat behind her pulling her back against my chest and began to fondle her
   tits.  Jill's  nipples were  hard and  erect and  her body quivered with
   passion as I  cupped her breasts  and pulled on  her hard nipples.   Tom
   seeing my intention layed  back on his lounge  chair and Vera and  Alice
   began to stroke his cock until it was fully erect.  I spread Jill's legs
   and  moved  my  hand  to  her  pussy  spreading her shaved cunt lips and
   forcing two  fingers up  her hot  pulsing cunt.   By this  time Vera had
   Tom's dick in  her mouth and  Alice had moved  in between Jill's  spread
   thighs and was eating  Jill's pussy.  In no  time Vera was sucking  down
   Tom's copious  load licking  it off  his dick  and swallowing the sticky
   sperm.  Jill had climaxed and only I, Alice and Vera had not gotten off.
   I moved Alice around  to a doggy style  position on the lounge  and Jill
   helped me ram  my cock deep  into Alice's waiting  overheated snatch.  I
   watched as I probed her sweet young snatch with long hard strokes.   Tom
   sat Vera between his legs with her back to him and began to massage  her
   tits and stiff nipples while  watching me fuck Alice doggy  style.  Jill
   moved to  Vera and  her husband  and got  down between  Vera's legs  and
   started to lick and  suck her pussy.  Watching  them go at it  got Alice
   and I very hot and her cunt  began to squeeze my cock hard as  she began
   to climax.  Her  hot tight cunt  was too much  to resist for  long and I
   soon began to squirt my load  up her sweet snatch filling her  cute hole
   with my cum.  Vera climaxed pulling Jill's head against her hot slit and
   arching her  hips as  she ground  her cunt  into Jill's  face completely
   wetting Jill's face with her pungent cunt juices.

   We rested for a minute and dressed to go back to the rooms arranging  to
   meet in  the lobby  for dinner.   I accompanied  Vera and  Alice back to
   their room  and went  in for  a minute  at their  request.  They quickly
   stripped down and were strutting their stuff for me when Vera asked if I
   liked the way Jill had her pussy shaved.  I told her yes and asked Alice
   how she had liked Jill's pussy when she was eating her out.  Alice  said
   it was great because of the  slick feeling and the open availability  of
   Jill's clit.  Vera said  she would like to  shave her pussy so  that her
   lips  would  be  totally  exposed  while  she  was on the nude beach.  I
   offered to shave her if she wanted and both she and Alice said yes right
   away.  I asked them if they had a razor and shaving cream and they  told
   me they had hoped I could provide those items.  I told them to grab some
   cloths for dinner and follow me.  We  went to my room and found that  my
   roommate was out so  I quickly got the  girls into the bathroom.   Alice
   wanted to go  first so I  got a pair  of scissors and  trimmed her dense
   bush back then applied the shave  cream and began shaving her cunt.   By
   the time I had finished shaving Alice, Vera who was sitting on the edged
   of the tub  watching was fingering  her own slit  at a furious  pace.  I
   washed off Alice's cunt and grabbed the hand mirror so she could  admire
   her clean shaven  cunt.  Running her  hand over her  pussy Alice said  I
   looked great and felt  better than it looked.   I had left a  nice thick
   triangle of hair on  her mound but her  cunt lips and clit  were clearly
   visible and totally devoid  of hair.  Vera took  up her position on  the
   toilet resting one leg on the rim of the tub and the other on the vanity
   as I bent  to my task.   After trimming her  soft curls from  her cunt I
   lathered her up and shaved her pussy lips clean leaving a small strip of
   hair about 2 inches  in width from just  above the start of  her slit up
   about 3 inches.

   When Vera felt and admired her cunt I could tell I had made a life  long
   convert of her.  Just as we were finishing we heard the door of the room
   close and I knew Doug had returned.  I told Vera and Alice to shower and
   I would try to get rid of  him.  Vera asked me if Doug was  good looking
   and open  to new  experiences.  I  told her  he was  good looking  but I
   didn't know about the  rest.  Vera told me  to get naked and  invite him
   into the bathroom.  I stripped down and  went out to find I was not  the
   only lucky guy and  found Doug lying between  the legs of this  pert red
   head eating her snatch like there was no tomorrow.  Her small firm  tits
   were capped with hard pink nipples  and she stiffened when she saw  me I
   put my finger to my  lips trying to keep her  from crying out and I  saw
   her gaze drop to my fully erect  cock.  I could tell she liked what  she
   saw and I lowered my hand to stroke  it as a smile came to her lips.   I
   knew then that we would be late  for dinner.  I indicated to Cathy as  I
   would come to find out her name later that I would be right back.   Doug
   was totally oblivious to all of this as he still had his head buried  in
   her thighs working her cunt into a frenzy.  I turned back and went  back
   to the  bathroom and  explained the  situation to  Vera and Alice asking
   them if they wanted  to try to turn  this into a group  grope.  As usual
   the girls were  ready and willing  and they followed  me into the  room.
   The site of  Vera and Alice  standing next to  me fingering their  newly
   shaven slits was  too much for  Cathy and her  reaction brought Doug  up
   from his work  on her red  haired snatch.  From  the look on  his face I
   could tell he was  surprised but not upset.   I introduced the girls  to
   Doug and once he had gotten his wits back he did the same for Cathy.

   Vera went to  Cathy and began  to rub her  stiff nipples and  small firm
   tits as Doug pulled  up her legs and  rammed his hot cock  up her pretty
   red haired slit.   Soon Cathy was  lost in lust  and Alice had  moved in
   behind Vera licking her cunt and  clit while probing her pussy with  two
   fingers.  Cathy was  cumming repeatedly and  soon her hot  snatch milked
   Doug to orgasm and he shot his load deep in her clutching cunt.  As Doug
   moved away  Alice jumped  in between  Cathy's splayed  legs and began to
   lick and suck Doug's sperm from Cathy's sopping pussy.  I need to get my
   stiff meat into a hot twat so I began to press myself up Vera's  exposed
   pussy while Doug came around and offered his now limp cum coated cock to
   Cathy's mouth.  Cathy devoured his cock sucking the limp member into her
   mouth and swirling her tongue  around the head.  Once Doug  had regained
   his erection  he moved  in on  Alice's cunt  and rammed  his cock up her
   young tight  hole fucking  her doggy  style with  deep pounding  strokes
   while she continued to eat  out Cathy's pussy.  Vera moved  over Cathy's
   face and I  followed her and  watched Vera lower  her cunt onto  Cathy's
   mouth as Cathy clawed  at her hips pulling  Vera's slick shaven cunt  to
   her tongue.  Once Cathy had Vera firmly mounted on her face I moved back
   in and rammed my cock up  Vera's hot vagina again.  Cathy turned  out to
   be a real pro at cunt sucking  and had Vera cumming in no time  flat.  I
   climaxed in  Vera's hot  hole and  Cathy licked  up my overflowing sperm
   from Vera's tight cunt.  By now Doug had cum again this time in  Alice's
   hot hole  and was  sitting back  relaxing.  Vera  who seems  never to be
   satisfied pushed Alice on her back and they began to lick and suck  each
   other's pussies.  Cathy had recovered a bit and she went down on my cock
   and had me hard in  no time.  I got her  up into a doggy style  pose and
   slowly pushed my entire 10 inches up her hot tight slit while she sucked
   Doug's cock in  a vain attempt  to make it  rise again.  Vera  and Alice
   came to Cathy and began to play  with her small firm tits as they  shook
   from the impact of my plunges  up her pussy.  Pretty soon the  tightness
   of Cathy's hot little cunt had me over the top and as her last spasm  of
   orgasm clamped my cock in a vise like grip I poured my cum into her  hot
   hole filling her slit until it dripped out and streamed down her legs.

   We were  spent but  happy and  Cathy asked  me later  to shave her pussy
   because she had liked the feeling of Vera's cunt when she was eating her
   out.  After I had  cleaned off the excess  red hair from her  cunt Cathy
   promised she would  join us on  the nude beach  the next day  to show it
   off.  Cathy and Doug were late for their dinner arrangements as were  we
   so we all took a quick shower and dressed for dinner.  As we left  Cathy
   said she wanted to see me later that night and gave me her room number.

   As we left for dinner I knew it was going to be a long hot night.  Alice
   had on a short silk skirt which was slit nearly to her waist and she had
   neglected to wear any  panties so you could  reach right in and  rub her
   pussy.  She also wore a shear  white silk blouse which clearly show  off
   the fact that she  wasn't wearing a bra  letting her stiff nipples  poke
   out invitingly.  Vera chose  to wear a low  cut tank top which  held her
   firm tits out for  all to get aroused  by showing her stiff  nipples off
   and bouncing  seductively as  she moved.   She had  chosen a short tight
   black skirt which rode up  so high it was hard  for her not to show  off
   her naked pussy whenever she sat or bent over.  I chose a pair of  white
   pants and  a casual  shirt since  the girls  would not  let me  wear any
   underwear my cock was clearly  visible under my pants and  the resulting
   bulge was evident to  all but the blind.   The girls and I  went down to
   the lobby and found Tom and Jill, Tom was dressed like me and Jill was a
   knockout.   Jill  wore  a  tight  fitting  silk top which showed off her
   excited state as her erect nipples stuck out about a half an inch.   She
   had on a short skirt and no nylons and from her perch on the bar stool I
   could tell she was not wearing any panties either as her blond bush just
   showed as she spread her legs to get off the stool.  After a bit of idle
   conversation we went into the dining room and sat down to dinner.   Jill
   asked why we were  so late and Vera  and Alice could not  resist telling
   Tom and Jill the story of our mini orgy with Cathy and Doug.  Jill asked
   if we thought Doug and Cathy  would be ready for another couple  to join
   them with  us and  I said  I thought  there would  be no problem as both
   struck me as horny and open minded.   I told Jill we would know if  they
   joined us tomorrow on  the nude beach.  After  dinner we all went  for a
   walk  in  the  cool  night  air  and  began  to  fondle the ladies as we
   strolled.  Jill  slid her  hand into  Alice's skirt  and found her newly
   shaved  cunt  and  remarked  that  it  felt wonderful and told Alice she
   couldn't wait to eat her pussy.

   Feeling that the time was ripe for  an orgy I suggested we go to  one of
   the rooms and get it on.  Tom suggested we use their room as they had  a
   king size bed and there would be  more room to play.  We all agreed  and
   went to their room.  No sooner had we gotten inside than the ladies took
   over.  Vera told Tom and I that  they were going to strip Tom and  I and
   fuck us until we passed out.   While I doubted her ability to  carry out
   the threat I didn't doubt her desire to try.  Vera told Tom to stand  at
   the end of the bed and went  directly to him and unzipped his pants  and
   pulled out his now  very stiff prick.  Calling  the other girls over  to
   help her she went down on Tom sucking his stiff pole deep into her mouth
   and ramming his  prick down her  throat.  Alice unbuckled  Toms belt and
   slid his pants  down and pulled  them off.  Jill  Tom's wife pulled  his
   shirt over his head and began to lick his chest as Alice spread his  ass
   cheeks and probed his anus with  her long hot tongue.  Jill pulled  Toms
   hands to her cunt and  ass and soon Tom had  a finger stuck up both  her
   cunt and asshole  while Jill continued  to lick his  chest and bite  his
   nipples.   The  combined  assault  on  his  senses brought Tom to climax
   quickly and he filled Vera's mouth and throat with his sperm.  The girls
   continued to  suck and  lick him  until his  passion subsided.  Tom fell
   back  on  the  bed  exhausted  from  the  intense  session  he  had just
   experienced and  the girls  beckoned me  from the  bed for  my turn.   I
   scarcely had reached the end of  the bed when Jill grabbed my  cock thru
   my pants.  Jill pulled my zipper down and reached in grabbed my now very
   stiff cock and forced the entire 10 inches down her silky throat pumping
   my dick  into her  tight throat  until I  thought she  would gag  on it.
   Alice  in  the  meanwhile  had  pulled  my  shirt off and was licking my
   nipples while Vera loosened my pants and pulled them down and off.  Vera
   traced her way up the back of  my leg with her tongue and spread  my ass
   cheeks licking her  way between my  cheeks until her  probing tongue was
   planted up my asshole.  I had wormed  my hands down until I was able  to
   fit my fingers up Alice's cunt and anus and I was pumping her holes with
   all my might.  All too soon the slippery tightness of Jill's throat  and
   Vera's probing tongue brought me  off and I filled Jill's  waiting mouth
   with my creamy load.  Jill drank  my whole load down not missing  a drop
   of my sticky sperm.  Tom  was beside himself watching his  ravenous wife
   suck my cock and drink my sperm.

   I told the girls it was now time to get them naked and Tom and I  pulled
   Jill to the center of the room  as Vera and Alice layed back on  the bed
   to watch.  I knew the girls were dripping with desire and Vera and Alice
   were playing with each others pussies as they watched Tom and I work  on
   his wife.  I  reached under Jill's  skirt and rammed  my fingers up  her
   cunt while Tom unzipped  the skirt and took  it off.  Jill was  dripping
   with anticipation and Tom  undid her blouse and  started to work on  her
   tits as  I licked  her cunt  lashing her  stiff clit  with my tongue.  I
   pulled  my  finger  out  of  her  hot  slit dripping with her juices and
   quickly eased it up her pulsing anus as I filled her cunt with my  other
   finger.  Jill began to climax and she wet my face with her juices as she
   twisted in pleasure.  Tom  and I helped his  wife to the bed  where Vera
   pounced on Jill sucking her tits and probing her pussy with two  fingers
   as she rubbed Jill's  clit with her thumb.   I grabbed Alice and  pulled
   her to the  center of the  room and pulled  down her skirt  exposing her
   newly shaved cunt.  Tom  got down on Alice  and began to lick  her slick
   twat while he  fingered her and  worked a finger  up her tight  anus.  I
   pulled off her top  and sucked one tit  while I pulled on  the nipple of
   her other tit.   I felt her  climax start and  watched as Alice  flooded
   Tom's face  with her  thick fragrant  cunt juice  and ground  her way to
   orgasm on Tom's tongue.  Tom and I moved Alice to the bed and Jill  went
   to work on her overheated pussy with her tongue and fingers making  sure
   to lick and suck Alice's copious juices from her young tight slit.

   I grabbed Vera  and pulled her  to the end  of the bed  and unzipped her
   skirt letting it fall to her ankles.  Her pussy was dripping with  juice
   and I dropped down and began to  lick her pink swollen lips as I  reamed
   her dripping snatch with two fingers.  Tom joined us and pulled off  her
   top exposing her full  firm tits which he  promptly began to play  with.
   Tom fastened his mouth to her left breast sucking her stiff nipple while
   he pulled and twisted on her right nipple.  By now Vera was begging  for
   more so I pulled one  finger out of her cunt  and slowly slid it up  her
   hot throbbing anus.  Vera began her climatic climb of passion and  ended
   by wetting  my face  and hand  with her  thick creamy  love juice  which
   flowed out  her hot  quivering cunt  as she  moaned out  her passion  in
   convulsive  spasms.   Vera's  cunt  and  asshole  clamped  so hard on my
   fingers I could hardly pull them out.

   Looking over on  the bed I  could tell our  little show with  Vera had a
   great effect on  Jill and Alice.   Jill had her  head buried in  Alice's
   pussy and was fingering her cunt and ass as she licked and sucked Jill's
   swollen  pink  pussy  lips.   Alice  not  being  a  slouch  had her face
   plastered on Jill's  hot twat and  was nibbling on  Jill's swollen erect
   clit while she plunged two  fingers up Jill's sopping pussy  and another
   two up her pink stretched anus.  Just  as we moved Vera to the bed  both
   Jill and Alice began their climaxes pumping and sucking each others  wet
   slick exposed cunts arching their pussies into each others faces as they
   twisted in their pleasure.  Vera watched then grabbed Jill's and Alice's
   tits and pulled their nipples heightening their pleasure and making them
   cry out in their lust.  Tom and I wanted to begin the fucking session we
   had been waiting for all evening so I pulled Jill off Alice and got  her
   up in a doggy  style position and after  giving her pussy a  few licks I
   moved in behind  her and stroked  my prick deep  into her open  inviting
   slit.  Jill began to moan and push back against my invading cock ramming
   me deeper into her tight hot  cunt with each thrust.  Meanwhile Tom  had
   gotten Alice  in a  similar position  and was  ramming his stiff swollen
   meat up Alice's tight young slit with long pounding strokes which caused
   her tits to  sway and jerk  each time he  buried his cock  up her pussy.
   Vera not one to  be left out of  any group endeavor crawled  under Alice
   and Jill and started to lick Alice's clit while she played with  Alice's
   and Jills hanging tits, pulling on their erect nipples while she kneaded
   their firm  full breasts.   Vera's cunt  was just  under Jill's face and
   Vera  spread  her  legs  making  her  sopping slit available to Jill who
   quickly drove her tongue up Vera's pussy and began to finger fuck Vera's
   cunt and asshole with her  fingers.  Jill and Alice were  quivering with
   sexual  heat  and  I  could  tell  Jill  was about to climax as her cunt
   tightened around my  pounding cock.  Suddenly  Alice let out  a loud cry
   and I knew the combined intensity of Tom's cock up her sweet young  slit
   and Vera's tongue on her clit had pushed her over the edge.  Jill  began
   to moan out  her orgasm as  her pussy milked  my cock with  new strength
   bring me to orgasm  and causing me to  fill her hot twat  with my sticky
   sperm.  As I  was pumping my  last few spurts  of gism up  her hot pussy
   Vera began to  climax and her  copious juices wet  Jill's face giving  a
   slippery sheen to her nose and mouth.

   Vera wanted to be fucked  so I layed down and  told her to climb on  and
   Jill helped her  to mount my  still hard cock.   Jill held Vera's  pussy
   open as my cock  sank deep into Vera's  hot tight cunt forcing  her cunt
   lips apart and ramming my swollen cock head deep into her pulsing  twat.
   Jill  straddled  my  face  and  sat  her  just  fucked pussy on my mouth
   spreading her hot slippery cunt lips  as I began to tongue fuck  her hot
   cunt and tease her throbbingly erect clit.  Alice led Tom by his cock to
   Vera's anus and spread her ass  cheeks placing the end of Tom's  swollen
   stiff prick into Vera's ass pucker.   Tom wasted no time in pushing  his
   long cock deep into Vera's packed asshole as she stroked her cunt on  my
   stiff prick.  Vera's normally tight  cunt pulsed even tighter around  my
   cock as Tom  and I invaded  her hot holes  with our thick  stiff pricks.
   Alice came around and pressed  her cum stained cunt into  Jill's waiting
   mouth spreading her cunt lips giving  Jill full access to her soft  cunt
   and erect clit.  Jill  lapped and sucked her  cunt and clit sucking  her
   husband Tom's cum from Alice's wet hot slit.  I had grabbed Jill's  firm
   tits  and  was  pulling  her  stiff  pink  nipples as she rode my tongue
   getting very close to  her climax.  Tom had  a firm grip on  Vera's tits
   and was kneading her firm tits and pinching her hot stiff nipples as  he
   stroked in  and out  of her  hot pulsing  anus.  I  could tell  Vera was
   nearly there and in seconds she  began her climax her hot cunt  and anus
   clamping down  on our  invading cocks  until the  tightness overcame our
   control and  Tom and  I poured  our sperm  into her  wanton holes.  Jill
   sensed Vera's climax and joined  her in orgasmic bliss flooding  my face
   with her  sweet pussy  juice.  Alice  came shortly  after wetting Jill's
   face with her sweet thick cunt juices.

   We all  lay back  in a  heap of  heaving flesh  as our  senses began  to
   return.  Vera  was laying  on her  side panting  from the  force of  her
   climax and Jill crawled over to her and spread her ass cheeks and  began
   to lick her husbands cum  from Vera's dilated anus.  Seeing  Vera twitch
   with pleasure Alice joined in spreading Vera's cunt and sucking my sperm
   from her well fucked  twat.  The site of  the girls going at  it finally
   roused my  cock and  soon my  erection was  again at  full staff.  Alice
   seeing my condition motioned  me to her ass  and got back up  in a doggy
   style position ready for me to mount her.  I pulled her cunt lips  apart
   and slowly pushed my dick into her slippery cum stained cunt.  I watched
   as Tom moved behind  Jill and stroked his  cock to hardness then  rammed
   his thick shaft up his wife Jill's cum soaked cunt.  I could feel  Alice
   begin to climax and rammed my cock deeper into her cunt banging my balls
   into her slippery pink cunt lips as she climaxed.  Having been fucked so
   much I wasn't ready to cum yet and Alice enjoyed a good hard ride as she
   rammed her cunt back on my cock and licked and sucked her cousins pussy.
   As Alice's  climax passed  I decided  she needed  a good  ass fuck  so I
   pulled out and pressed my stiff  cock into the pink puckered opening  of
   her butt.  I felt her press back and held my position until Alice had my
   entire ten incher  imbedded in her  pulsing rectum.  Jill  was climaxing
   now and she called out for Tom to butt fuck her.  As I watched with lust
   Tom pulled his cock from his wife's cunt and slowly probed her wet  pink
   anal cavity with firm hard strokes.   I began to ram my cock  into Alice
   as we pounded the girls to their anal induced climax and finally  filled
   their tight hot assholes with our cream.

   Vera had recovered and demanded our cocks so Tom probed her pussy  while
   I filled  her mouth  and throat  pounding her  until she  climaxed and I
   filled her hot mouth and throat with my sperm.  Alice got under Vera and
   licked her hot  slit sucking her  clit while Tom  probed Vera's slippery
   slit they kept it up until Vera shook with excitement.  Jill was licking
   and sucking my balls and finger fucking my ass after I shot my load into
   Vera's silky mouth Jill kissed Vera and licked my cock and balls  clean.
   The combined action of their mouths on my prick kept me hard as a  rock.
   Tom  had  pumped  his  load  deep  into  Vera's cunt and he and I traded
   places, Vera quickly  popped his now  sagging cock into  her mouth while
   Alice began to suck Tom' balls  and finger fuck his ass.  I  pulled Jill
   down to Vera's sloppy cunt and  Jill immediately began to suck and  lick
   Vera's cum laden slit.  I rubbed Vera's puckered anus and pressed the my
   cock slowly up her tight twitching anus.  Even after all the sex  Vera's
   ass was  still tight  and hot.   I rammed  my cock  deep into her bowels
   until she climaxed and I filled  her asshole with the last of  my sperm.
   As I pulled out  Jill fastened her mouth  on Vera's anus and  licked the
   sperm out of her open asshole.  Tom let loose in Vera's mouth and  Alice
   and Vera sucked and swallowed his load until Tom was totally spent.

   We were total  fucked out for  a while and  I suggested we  all get some
   sleep and get it on again tomorrow at the beach.  Jill looked a bit  sad
   but Tom was relieved as he needed the rest.  Alice, Vera and I left  and
   began to walk back  to our rooms.  On  the way back Alice  and Vera were
   trying to convince me  to spend the rest  of the night with  them when I
   remembered Cathy's request that I  come by her room earlier.   I decided
   to try to  satisfy both requests  and told Vera  and Alice I  would come
   back to their room for a while but that I had to get some rest if I  was
   to keep  up with  their insatiable  appetites for  sex.  Alice  and Vera
   seemed satisfied and  we returned to  their room for  some slow sensuous
   sex.  After a quick shower I fucked Alice doggy style while Vera ate her
   cunt and Alice climaxed multiple times although she was unable to get me
   off and  then I  switched to  Vera and  rammed her  hot cunt while Alice
   played with her firm tits and licked her clit bringing Vera off a number
   of times.  I was  still stiff after our  mini session and both  Vera and
   Alice worked  my cock  with their  mouths and  finger fucked  my asshole
   until I came  and they licked  up my sperm.   I was wasted  now and told
   them I was returning to my room to sleep until morning and told them  to
   meet me for breakfast.

   As I left Vera and Alice were curled up in a sixty nine position licking
   and sucking their well fucked twats and assholes.  Leaving their room  I
   walked back to Cathy's  room where I saw  that a light was  still on and
   just the thought of her petite red haired bush and firm tits had me hard
   even thought I had been fucking and sucking all evening.  I went to  her
   door and knocked lightly.  The door  opened and I was greeted by  a cute
   redhead but not Cathy.  I began to excuse myself and the girl grabbed my
   arm and pulled me into the room.  As I passed her I noticed that she was
   naked and  looked like  she had  been engaged  in some  hot fucking  and
   sucking action herself.  Just then I spied Cathy on the bed on her  back
   naked as the day she was born  and ramming a big vibrator in and  out of
   her cunt.  Cathy sat up leaving the vibrator in her pussy and introduced
   me to  her naked  sister Lisa.   I reached  out and  drew Lisa to me and
   kissed her  tasting Cathy's  juices on  her lips.   I told  Lisa she was
   pretty and began to fondle her tits and sopping cunt as she pulled at my
   pants opening my fly and retrieving  my cock.  Lisa pulled back to  look
   at my cock telling me  that Cathy had said I  had a good ten incher  and
   she wanted to look at it.  I told Lisa I wanted her to do more than look
   at my cock and pressed down on her shoulders forcing her to her knees in
   front of me.  As soon as Lisa's face reached my prick she grabbed my now
   swollen cock and  began to lick  the swollen head  remarking that I  had
   been fucking someone tonight because she could taste pussy on my  prick.
   I told Lisa that  she was right and  I hoped she would  be aggressive in
   her efforts because I was a bit fucked out.  Lisa smiled and forced  the
   entire length of my cock down her  throat as Cathy moved over to us  and
   stripped off my shirt and then pulled my pants off never once taking  my
   cock from her sister Lisa's mouth.  By the time I was naked I was  ready
   to fuck and  suck them both  until dawn.  Lisa  backed off my  throbbing
   cock as I  stood kissing and  fondling Cathy with  a finger deep  in her
   cunt and anus.  Looking  up she told Cathy  she was right and  wanted my
   big cock up her cunt and ass first.  Cathy remarked something about  not
   being a liar and promised her sister first crack at my cock.

   I moved slowly to the bed and brought Cathy and her sister who was still
   sucking my cock deep into her throat with me.  I pushed Lisa on her back
   and moved down to eat her pussy telling her that one good lick  deserves
   another.   Cathy  in  the  meantime  had  straddled  Lisa's face and was
   getting a great tongue lashing from her sister as she played with Lisa's
   tits and pulled on her erect pink nipples.  I slowly probed Lisa's  cunt
   and anus with my finger as I licked her to climax multiple times all the
   while watching Lisa pleasure Cathy's  cunt with her tongue and  fingers.
   I wanted to fuck Lisa and I  moved up pulling her legs back and  opening
   her hot pink hole and slowly forced my long stiff prick into her pulsing
   wet  slit  while  Cathy  rubbed  her  tits  and mashed her cunt into her
   sisters face.  I pounded my stiff  prick into Lisa's hot wet cunt  until
   she began to climax and  her pussy tightened around my  throbbing prick.
   I shot my load into her  pulsing twat as she squirmed in  orgasmic bliss
   and Cathy let out a long low moan signifying she had reached her  climax
   too.  Cathy wanted to suck my  sperm from her sisters cummy snatch  so I
   got Lisa  up into  a doggy  style position  and Cathy  got under her and
   licked and sucked my sperm from  her sisters pussy as Lisa continued  to
   pleasure Cathy's cunt and asshole.  I worked on Lisa's pink rimmed  anus
   licking and  fingering her  tight anus  until I  worked two fingers deep
   into her now dilated butt hole.  Lisa was nearing another orgasm when  I
   knelt behind her  and rubbed the  head of my  cock against her  pink ass
   pucker.  Cathy urged me on by grabbing my balls and pulling them  toward
   her mouth making me  press my stiff dick  up Lisa's pulsing anus.   Lisa
   moaned and begged me to ream her hot asshole as Cathy sucked and  licked
   her sisters cum  stained pussy.  I  rammed my cock  up Lisa's hot  tight
   anus with  long hard  strokes ramming  my thick  cock deep  into her ass
   making her tits jump each time  my balls slapped her sopping cunt  lips.
   Lisa was licking and sucking Cathy while I fucked her anus and Cathy was
   cumming from her expert oral assault.  Finally Lisa began to climax  and
   her asshole clamped down on my  invading cock milking my sperm into  her
   hot butt.  I pulled out and Cathy grabbed my cock and sucked it down her
   throat as her own climax subsided.

   Lisa thanked Cathy and  I and after a  short rest we repeated  the whole
   scene with  Cathy in  the staring  roll taking  my cock  up her cunt and
   asshole until I had filled both her hot holes with my cock and deposited
   my cum up her cunt and asshole.  I was exhausted and told the sisters  I
   needed to rest and left them  curled up in each others arms.   Returning
   to my room I found that Doug had found his own pleasure and was sleeping
   with a tall  naked blond.  Not  wanting to start  something I could  not
   finish I stripped down and layed on the bed naked and fell asleep almost
   at once.  I woke up late and I was dreaming about getting sucked off  by
   Jill, it  felt so  real that  the dream  must have  awakened me.  When I
   started to come around I realized  the dream was more reality and  found
   the tall blond girl between my legs gently sucking the head of my  stiff
   pole.  Reaching down I grabbed her head and pushed her head down forcing
   my stiff cock deeper  into her throat.  Sensing  I was awake she  pulled
   off my cock and came up to kiss me after a minute of mutual frenching  I
   started to fondle her firm tits and pull and twist her stiff nipples.  I
   pulled back keeping my hands on her breasts and introduced myself.   The
   blond said her name was Donna and that she had come home with Doug  last
   night.  I told her I had seen her sleeping in Doug's arms last night but
   because I was so tired I just couldn't go somewhere so I just layed down
   and fell asleep.  Donna explained that she normally didn't just suck off
   sleeping men but that I had gotten a raging hardon laying on my back and
   she just  couldn't let  my big  stiff cock  go to  waste.  I told her no
   problem and then I heard the  shower stop and asked her where  Doug was.
   Donna said  he was  in the  shower and  she began  to play with my stiff
   prick telling me she wanted to fuck me and suck me until I came.  I told
   her to go right ahead and she got up and straddled my face exposing  her
   nicely trimmed  pussy to  my mouth  while she  returned her  mouth to my
   stiff cock taking  me deep in  her mouth and  throat.  As I  had my face
   buried in Donna's hot cunt I didn't see Doug but I heard him complain  a
   bit to  Donna saying  he had  hoped she  would be  doing that to him.  I
   pulled back a bit and told Donna that we should get Doug involved as  he
   was  the  guy  that  brought  her.   Donna  got up and turned around and
   grabbed my cock putting the head into her hot slit and slowly forced  my
   entire length  into her  quivering snatch.   Her hot  tight vagina  felt
   great and she  pulled Doug to  her face and  sucked his stiff  cock deep
   into her mouth giving him some  great head as she pulled his  ass cheeks
   apart  and  played  with  his  asshole  and  massaged  his balls.  I was
   thrusting my cock into her cunt  and she began to climax in  her passion
   Donna rammed  Doug's cock  deep into  her throat  and his  hips began to
   thrust and I knew he was  squirting his load into her mouth  and throat.
   Donna's pussy convulsed around my cock and I pumped a big load of  sperm
   up her  hot wet  cunt ramming  my dick  up her  cunt until my balls were
   firmly pressed against her wet hot  cunt lips.  Donna was spent and  she
   layed back on the bed freeing our pricks from her mouth and pussy.  Doug
   and I let Donna rest a moment  then we began to play with her  full firm
   tits and cum stained pussy.  Donna was getting hot again and she got  on
   top of Doug and guided his now stiff prick up her soddened twat  ramming
   herself down  on his  prick until  it was  fully buried  in her  pulsing
   pussy.  I moved to  her head and she  took my cock deep  into her throat
   sucking my rod until I was fully hard.  I moved back and got behind  her
   licking her hot anal pucker until she was well lubed, I slowly pushed my
   finger into her tight butt while  I watched Doug's cock ramming her  hot
   slit.  Sensing she was ready I moved  in and rubbed the head of my  cock
   into her anal pucker.  Donna looked back and told me to go easy as  this
   would be her  first anal experience.   I pressed slowly  and steadily at
   her pink anal ring and slowly imbedded my cock in her asshole.  Once the
   head of my prick passed her tight sphincter I slowly slid in the rest of
   my ten inches until my cock was fully buried in her hot ass.  With  both
   me and Doug in her Donna was tight as hell and I relaxed a moment to let
   her get used to the feeling.   I could feel Doug's prick sliding  in and
   out of her cunt and soon she started to move pumping my cock in and  out
   of her asshole with  short slow strokes.  Doug  was sucking her tit  and
   pulling on her  nipples making her  moan with delight.   Sensing she was
   read I  began to  stroke my  fat dick  up her  ass making her ass cheeks
   quiver with  each thrust.   Donna went  into a  series of  orgasms which
   caused her cunt and asshole to tighten like a vise around our pricks and
   made both Doug and  I cum filling her  hot holes with our  spunk.  Donna
   finally passed  out from  the pleasure  and Doug  and I  pulled our  now
   flaccid cocks from her  cum filled holes and  gently rolled her over  on
   her side.  I got up and went  for a shower while Doug continued to  play
   with Donna's cunt and asshole while sucking her tits.

   By the time I  had showered and shaved  Doug was working on  Donna again
   and he had his cock up her  asshole while he fingered her cunt.  I  came
   over and said goodby telling her  I appreciated the morning wake up  and
   looked forward to seeing her again  on the nude beach.  Donna pulled  my
   swim trunks down  and grabbed my  cock sucking the  head and ramming  it
   deep into her throat then released me  and told me she wanted me up  her
   cunt and ass again  soon.  I sensed her  climax wasn't far off  and told
   her I would see her again soon.   I pulled up my swim trunks and  headed
   out to try for breakfast hoping to  get there before it was over.  As  I
   stood in line to get my breakfast I located Vera and Alice sitting  with
   Cathy and Lisa and they looked happy and satisfied.  I went directly  to
   their table and noticed that there  was a extra plate of food  for which
   there was no owner  present.  I gave each  of them a quick  kiss and sat
   down asking how  they were and  what was planned  for today.  Vera  said
   that they  had been  discussing activities  and had  a great  plan which
   would allow us  all to get  it on together  all day and  still enjoy the
   sun.  Just then a tall black man with handsome features and a hard  trim
   body came  up to  the table.   I recognized  him as  on of the staff and
   wondered how he fit  into this plan.  Vera  introduced him to me  as Sam
   and explained that Sam had the day off and offered to take us to a small
   island twenty  minuets up  the coast.   The island  was deserted  and we
   could  all  enjoy  each  other  all  day  without  fear of offending the
   sensibilities of any  of the more  conventional guests.  I  told them it
   sounded great and asked  if we could invite  Tom and Jill on  our jaunt.
   Vera and Alice thought that it would be great if they would come too  so
   we finished up breakfast and set out to locate Jill and Tom.

   I finally found them about twenty  minutes later in their room and  when
   they finally responded to my  knock on their door Jill  appeared looking
   flushed and I could tell she  had just been fucked because her  cunt and
   thighs were wet  with her juices  and sticky sperm.   I reached out  and
   rubbed her sopping slit  pressing my fingers into  her twat as I  backed
   her into the room.  Tom was on the bed and watched as I probed his wifes
   cunt and rubbed her still erect nipples.  I wanted to fuck her  slippery
   twat but resisted  and instead told  them about our  planned trip.  Jill
   and Tom thought it  was a fantastic idea  and while Jill got  cleaned up
   Tom packed some things  for the trip.  We  joined Sam and the  ladies at
   the boat dock and set sail for our island adventure.  As soon as we were
   out about 5 minutes  the bathing suits came  off and I saw  that Sam was
   well hung himself and all the  ladies were watching his cock with  great
   anticipation.  It was a short trip to the island and it was every  thing
   Sam had promised.  We docked the boat and settled down under a few palms
   to begin the festivities.  Vera and Alice  were on Sam in a flash and  I
   could tell the other ladies wanted to have his thick black tool invading
   their cunts too.  Vera  had pushed Sam on  his back and was  forcing her
   hot slit down over his stiff 9 inches while Alice was already straddling
   his face making him eat her tight young cunt.  I layed down beside  them
   and  Jill  mounted  my  hot  cock  while  Lisa sat on my face.  Jill was
   ramming her slick snatch on my meat with hard pounding strokes and  Lisa
   was mashing her hot cunt into  my mouth and tongue.  Tom moved  to Alice
   and rammed his stiff  cock up her anus  as Sam lashed her  cunt and clit
   with his tongue.  Cathy moved in between Lisa and Jill and they began to
   tongue and  finger her  cunt and  asshole.  I  kept up  a steady pace in
   Jill's cunt and she  soon began her climax  clamping down on my  cock as
   she stroked it up her hot tight vagina.  I rammed my cock deep into  her
   and soon was squirting my hot sperm up her sweet slit.  Lisa climaxed on
   my face and covered me with her hot cunt juice as I heard Cathy call out
   her orgasm as Jill probed her  hot cunt and licked her stiff  clit while
   Lisa was reaming her anal pucker  with two fingers and licking her  pink
   rimmed anus.  I watched as Sam thrust his cock deep into Vera's hot slit
   and pumped  her full  of his  cum as  she ground  out her  orgasm on his
   straining hot  pole.  Alice  began her  climax as  Tom pumped  a load of
   sperm into  her hot  young asshole  and Sam  sucked her  clit and tongue
   fucked her hot slit.  As soon as Vera had pulled herself off Sam's  cock
   Alice grabbed his prick and sucked  it deep into her throat milking  his
   balls and sucking down the sweet mixture of her cousin's pussy juice and
   Sam's creamy load.  Vera grabbed Tom's cock and sucked it deep into  her
   mouth rewarding him for  his efforts and the  pleasure he had given  her
   cousin Alice.  Jill  pulled herself off  my cock and  Lisa went down  on
   Jill's cunt sucking  my sperm from  her open pussy  while reaming Jill's
   asshole with two fingers.  Cathy  moved under her sister Lisa  and began
   to finger her cunt  and lick her clit.   Watching Lisa suck my  cum from
   Jill's pussy  had me  hard in  a minute  and I  pushed my  stiff meat up
   Lisa's cunt while Cathy continued  to suck and lick her  sisters snatch.
   I rammed my cock  deep in Lisa's pussy  as I watched the  scene with Sam
   and  Alice  evolve.   As  soon  as  Sam  had regained his erection Alice
   climbed on his cock  facing his feet and  began reaming her tight  young
   slit with Sam's big black cock.  Vera left Tom with a new hard  erection
   and straddled  Sam's face  planting his  tongue deep  in her cum stained
   pussy.  Alice bent over and while  ramming Sam's big cock into her  cunt
   sucked Tom's straining cock pressing  it deep into her throat  until she
   had Tom's entire shaft  covered and her lips  pursed around the root  of
   his thick hard meat.  Vera was by now sucking and fingering Alice's anus
   and making Alice quiver with lust.

   Jill  was  in  almost  a  continual  state  of  climax as she moaned and
   thrashed about under Lisa's unrelenting tongue and fingers her pussy wet
   with my cum and her hot juice.  Tom came over and forced his thick  tool
   up Cathy's open wet  pussy ramming himself deep  into her hot wet  cunt.
   Lisa began to climax and I rammed my prick deep into her red haired  box
   wile probing her  asshole with my  finger.  Lisa's hot  wet slit clamped
   down hard on my invading prick and milked my cum from my balls making me
   moan out my pleasure while I filled Lisa's cunt with my sperm.  As  soon
   as I  pulled out  Cathy plastered  her mouth  on her  sister Lisa's cunt
   sucking my sperm from her swollen cunt lips.  I knelt by Jill's head and
   let her  suck my  cum coated  cock making  my prick  harden as I watched
   Alice climax on Sam's stiff prick as he lashed Vera's cunt and clit  and
   she mashed her cunt into his face riding her climax to its peak.   Alice
   climbed  off Sam's  now  flaccid  cock  and cupped her pussy keeping his
   juices in her  hot pussy.  Jill  pulled her mouth  off my cock  and left
   Lisa's mouth licking air  and rolled over to  Sam.  In a flash  Jill had
   Sam's cock in her  mouth and was sucking  him to erection again.   Cathy
   fell back and began to scream as  Tom pumped his load up her tight  pink
   pussy filling her sweet slit with  his creamy sperm.  Being left out  at
   the moment I called Alice over and pushed her head between Cathy's cream
   filled pussy lips as Tom backed off his cock still twitching and covered
   with cum.   Tom moved  in on  Lisa as  I moved  in on Alice.  Tom spread
   Lisa's cunt lips and shoved his half hard cock into her well  lubricated
   cunt and began to bang away  in her hot twat.  Rubbing the  cum dripping
   from Alice's pussy into her hot ass I filled her tight butt with my cock
   Ramming it deep into her bowels  while I watched Jill pound Sam's  thick
   black cock up her slippery slit.  Jill was crying out each time she  hit
   bottom and I knew she was  enjoying the ride.  Vera switched with  Cathy
   and I watched as Cathy settled her slim body on Sam's face urging him on
   as he tonged her sopping slit and finger fucked her asshole.

   Vera slipped under her cousin Alice and sucked the remnants of Sam's cum
   from her pussy.  She then switched positions and began to lick and  suck
   Lisa's clit as Tom pounded his cock up Lisa's cunt.  Alice pulled Vera's
   legs apart and  tongue fucked Vera's  cunt while I  reamed her anus.   I
   couldn't hold out long watching this scene and I filled Alice's  asshole
   with my load just as she tightened her young asshole during her  orgasm.
   I heard Lisa cry out her passion as Tom grunted and filled her twat with
   his thick sperm.  Both Tom and I looked up as we heard Jill moan out her
   climax and watched as Sam thrust his hips up to force his stiff cock  up
   Jill's cunt  as she  rammed his  thick black  tool into  her bond  cunt.
   Cathy climaxed on Sam's face and Vera shook with pleasure as her  cousin
   Alice brought her  off with her  tongue and fingers  up Vera's cunt  and
   anus.  Tom entranced watching his wife Jill take all of Sam's hard shaft
   up her sopping cunt as he whipped his cum to a froth in Lisa's tight hot
   slit.

   We all rested a  minute and I watched  and fingered Vera's hot  cunt and
   anus.  I wanted  to fuck Vera  and moved in  between her hot  thighs and
   rammed my cock deep up her sopping hot cunt.  Cathy and Jill had  gotten
   Sam hard again  and Jill helped  Cathy mount Sam  forcing his big  stiff
   cock up her pink  shaved pussy lips.  Cathy  took his cock fully  up her
   twitching slit with one stroke and  began to ream her hot cunt  with his
   thick black tool.  Jill left them  and came over to her husband  Tom and
   sucked his cock to erection then  had him mount her doggy style  reaming
   her cunt with his throbbing cock as  she called out to Alice to cum  and
   sit on Sam's face and lick  her clit.  Alice moved over and  planted her
   well fucked twat  on Sam's face  as Sam probed  her cunt and  licked her
   clit while forcing two fingers  up Alice's tight butt.  Lisa  positioned
   herself under Vera and  began to lick and  suck her clit while  I reamed
   Vera's cunt at a  frantic pace.  It was  only a short time  until I felt
   Vera's pussy  clamp my  cock and  Jill had  started to  lick Lisa's  cum
   filled  cunt  licking  her  husband  Tom's last load from her overheated
   pussy.  As I pumped my sperm into Vera's vise like vagina I heard  Cathy
   scream out her climax as Sam pumped his load up her sopping slit.  Alice
   climaxed on Sam's face almost at the same time and her cries of  passion
   set off Tom  and I heard  him grunt as  he filled his  wife Jill's pussy
   with his creamy  sperm.  Lisa came  hard as Jill  forced her fingers  up
   Lisa's cunt and bit her clit thrusting her hips up and mashing her  cunt
   against Jill's cum slicked mouth.  I was still hard even after unloading
   in Vera's cunt and I got up and moved to Cathy forcing my cock into  her
   mouth as she ground her cunt on Sam's cock.  I pulled her off Sam's cock
   and layed her down  spreading her legs as  I prepared to fuck  her sweet
   little cunny.  Tom pulled Vera up  and told Jill to help Vera  mount his
   cock and as I forced my cock  into Cathy's cunt I watched as Tom's  cock
   slipped deeply  into Vera's  cummy cunt.   Jill came  over and straddled
   Cathy's face forcing her cunt into Cathy's mouth as she grabbed  Cathy's
   tits and pulled  and twisted Cathy's  stiff pink nipples.   I pounded my
   cock into Cathy making her tits jump with each thrust and bring moans of
   pleasure  to  her  smothered  lips.   Sam  got  Lisa up in a doggy style
   position and pressed  his hard cock  into her slippery  cunt going balls
   deep with his first thrust.  Lisa cried out urging Sam to fuck her  with
   his big black cock  and I could tell  Lisa was living out  a deep hidden
   fantasy.  Alice  straddled Tom's  face and  pressed her  cum filled cunt
   into his mount as she bent to suck and lick her cousin Vera's clit.  The
   fucking and sucking went on until we had all cum filling the girls cunts
   with our sperm and they had climaxed on our cocks and Jill and Alice had
   ground out their orgasms on Tom and Cathy's faces.

   The fucking and sucking went on the  entire day and by the time we  left
   the Island for dinner  each of us guys  had fucked every hole  the girls
   had.  The rest of my vacation was spent with these and other ladies  and
   couples fucking and sucking ourselves into exhaustion.  And the benefits
   were long lasting as now I have a whole new set of friends to visit  and
   enjoy as I travel.
