                The Night Sis Sucked Me Off
    
    I'm no stud.  But, by the time I was 20, I was no stranger to sex.  I
had sex in parked cars, motel rooms, and even the house of the girl's
parents.  But it was always climb-on, stick it in, wham-bam sex. I tried to
lick one pussy but the girl stopped me.  Said it was nasty. If girls
thought that was nasty, I knew that they would never do what I wanted.
More than anything else in the world, I wanted a blow job.  I wanted a girl
to drink my come. My sister, Judy, was home from college for the summer.
She is two years older than me.  I've watched her make out with her
boyfriends since I turned 14 and discovered sex. It had been awhile since I
had watched her.  But a couple of months ago, I came home from a date
really frustrated.  My balls ached.  My date had let me undress her.  Suck
her  beautiful tits.  Finger her juicy snatch.  But called a halt when I
tried to stick it in.  She wouldn't even jack me off. I was in my room with
my favorite magazine.  Open to a picture of a guy  being sucked off.  I was
going to beat my meat. Suddenly, I heard my sister giggling in the living
room.  The folks were gone for the weekend.  So I knew she would let her
date go pretty far.  I decided to watch. I crawled down the hall and
positioned myself just outside the living room door.  I had a perfect view
of them sitting on the couch.  He had his arm around her shoulder.  His
hand was already down her blouse.  Playing with her ample tits.  She was
playing hard to get.  But not too hard. She made him work for it.  But
before long, he managed to get her blouse off.  Her hard nipples pushed
against the material of the thin bra. Judy is a real tease.  She kept
pulling one side of the bra off of a tit.  Letting him nibble.  Then
covering it back up. Only to feed him the other delicious melon. The boy
had a lump in his pants bigger than my fist.  Judy would squeeze it once on
a while, but she wouldn't set it free. She was driving the boy crazy. My
hand was wrapped around my pole as I watched.  I kept up a slow steady
stroke.  I wanted it to last.  Didn't want to come too soon. It took him
another half hour to get her dress off.  She is really sexy in only panties
and bra.  The crotch of her panties was set.  The silken material clung to
the swollen lips of her pussy. She let the boy get his hands between her
sweet legs a few times.  Just long enough to stroke her hot lips.  But,
before he could get his hand under the leg band, she'd push him away.. She
wanted it as bad as he did.  I knew that.  But he didn't.  "Take off my
panties, Ray."  She whispered. She didn't have to ask twice.  He was on his
knees pulling the silken sheath from her hairy treasure in an instant.
Judy even lifted her hips off the couch to help him.  The lips of her wet
pussy peeked out from her bush.  They wanted to be kissed.  I wanted to
kiss them.  Even if it was nasty. She pulled Ray's head toward her mawling
snatch.  He  didn't resist.  This was new.  I'd never seen Judy let a boy
lick her pussy.  Guess she was older and wiser, now. Ray went to work on
her wet lips and swollen clit like he knew what he was doing.  He soon had
Judy squirming and wiggling all over the couch.  She held his head against
her pussy and humped as she groaned and came for the first time. Finally,
she released the boy's head.  He pulled away, smiling and licking the juice
from his lips.  His face was slick and shiny with her cunt juice. I was
ready to come in my pants.  But I held on.  I knew that there would be
more.  I didn't know how right I was.  I couldn't believe my eyes.  Judy
reached out and took Ray's prick from his pants and kissed the purple
swollen head. She even stuck her tongue in the tip and licked the drop of
pre-come that clung there.  She licked her lips and smiled.  She liked it.
Next, Ray held her head and slipped his prick in and out of her mouth, like
a cunt.  She seemed to love it.  Judy moaned, groaned and sucked. I was on
the verge of coming.  I wanted to time it so that I shot my load when he
filled my sister's sweet mouth.  But that was not to be. Ray pushed her
head away and climbed between her legs.  Inch by inch, I watched his pole
slide into her ready snatch.  Fucking was good.  But sucking is what I
wanted to see. Ray  jumped Judy's hot box with long slow strokes.  Her legs
were around his hips and she would pull her ass up to meet his downward
thrusts.   Faster and faster.  Until, suddenly, he stiffened his back,
snorted like a bull, and filled her quivering snatch with his hot jism. I
filled my fist with hot come, but still, I wasn't satisfied.  Her mouth.
All that I could think about was her mouth.  I had to get my prick into a
female mouth. I tiptoed back to my room.  Ray left a few minutes later.  I
heard Judy coming down the hall.  I pretended to be sleeping. Her hand on
my shoulder surprised me. "How did you like the show, baby brother!" She
wasn't really mad.  She loved to be watched.  I figured that out a long
time ago.  But I played along.  "What do you mean, Sis?"  I replied. "Don't
be a smart ass."  She spat.  "I saw you snaking around in the hall.  You
little pervert."  She pulled the blanket off.  I was naked.  She probably
thought that I was still dressed. It was the first time that I'd seen my
big sister at a loss for words.  She just stood and stared at my nude body.
My prick began to swell before her eyes.  She blushed, but kept staring.
"I'm sorry, Sis."  I confessed.  "I know it was wrong to spy on you, but
Sandy left me hanging tonight.  I was in a bad way." "Baby brother has
lover's nuts."  She teased.  "Did you jerk off while you watched us?"
"Yes," I admitted.  "But it wasn't enough.  It isn't what I need." "If you
think that I'm going to let you stick your prick in me, baby brother, you
are very wrong." "I don't want to screw you, Sis." I stammered.  "I want
you to suck it." Her eyes lit up.  She smiled.  "You mean you like a girl
to suck you off?"  she asked.  "Ray thinks that is a waste.  He will only
come inside me." "You mean you've never done it?" I asked. "No," she
confessed, "but I've always wanted to.  I want to know what come tastes
like." "Well, I want to feel my come shoot into a girl's mouth.  So let's
do it.  What do you say?" Her answer was to lean over and kiss the tip of
my erect prick.  Her lips were warm and wet.  A sensation that I'd never
felt.  It was wonderful.  Better than I'd dreamed. Next, she took just the
head into her hot mouth.  Her tongue swirled around the head.  It sent
shivers up and down my spine. Her words, mouthed as she sucked, only added
to the fire between my legs.  I put my hand down her blouse and rubbed her
tit while she sucked.  The nipple hardened under my hand.  I wanted to suck
my sister's tits- but that was impossible while she had my prick in her
mouth. With each stroke, she took me deeper and deeper into her magic
mouth.  She loved it.  So did I.  My hips had a mind of their own as they
pumped her sucking mouth like a cunt.  I couldn't believe it.  I was
getting a blow job.  Finally. I wanted it to last, but could feel the come
boiling in my balls, screaming for release.  "OH! I'm gonna come," I
shouted. "Give it to me," she mumbled.  "Give me your hot cream. I'll drink
it all.  Suck you dry."  Her head bobbed up and down even faster as the
first spurt of hot jism flooded her sucking mouth.  She swallowed glob
after glob.  And kept sucking. It was the best come that I've ever had.  I
lay there on my back, hips pumping my sister's mouth, as I dumped my come
into her steaming mouth. She didn't stop licking my cock until it was
completely shriveled and clean as a whistle.  When there was no more come
to be had, she sat up and licked her lips like a satisfied kitten. She
sucked my off again before we went to bed that night. And twice a day for
the rest of the weekend.  But Sunday evening, when the folks returned, we
has a problem.  Our new game was habit forming.  But difficult to get away
with with our parents in the house. I was afraid that we would get caught.
But when her mouth touched my dick, I lost all common sense.  The folks had
been home less than an hour when Judy caught me in the bathroom.  She came
in while I was peeing.  She took my prick in her hand while I finished;
then knelt and took it in her mouth. I came in two minutes flat.  Guess we
both knew that we had to hurry or get caught.  She couldn't get enough....
neither could I. We still can't.
