Archive-name: Family/sisclit.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Her Sister's Clit   


     I smiled and looked down, just in time to see Karyn smile and wipe
some of my cum from her chin.  The little blonde kissed the head of my cock
and gave it a flick with her tongue. 
     "Hmmm, good." She said, smacking her lips loudly.
     On the sofa next to me, sat her older sister Alicia.  Alicia had been
fingering her pussy while she watched her sister suck me off. Alicia's
nakedness and mine was all the more exciting since Karyn was still fully
dressed.  
     "I want to watch you fuck him." Karyn said. "But it might be a few
minutes." She added, running her hand over my softening cock. 
     Alicia chuckled, and reached over, caressing my balls with her right
hand, fingering her pussy with her left. "Let's see if we can shorten his
recovery time." She said with a laugh. 
     I asked Karyn to open her blouse and let me see her tits. Alicia had
nice full breasts that had a slight sag, just enough to undulate nicely
when we fucked hard.  Karyn's chest was smaller, but I'd often seen dark
circles through her t-shirts and blouses. She slipped off her blouse and
underwire bra revealing her dark, full nipples on top of firm, round tits. 
     "Nice," I said. "Nice and lickable."
     Karyn almost wiggled at that, and then slid up in my lap to let me
suck her tits. Her jeans felt rough against my legs and crotch, but sensual
too. I felt my erection returning, pressing upwards against her belly.  
     "Maybe you'd like to fuck Karyn too." Alicia said.
     "Hmmm." I moaned with a mouthfull of Karyn's nipple. My cock was
returning to full strength quickly.  Karyn's nipples were large, dark
circles with firm nubs in their middle. Her tits were small, round, firm
mounds that begged to be sucked, licked, squeezed, and covered with cum. By
contrast, Alicia's tits were larger, fuller, and had average sized light
pink nipples. She liked me to fuck her tits every once in a while, and she
loved to have them sucked. 
     "I think he's ready again." Karyn said.
     Alica's hand was pulling my cock, and now we shifted around, with
Alicia sitting astride my lap. Karyn positioned my cock at her sister's
entrance, and Alicia lowered herself onto me.  We both moaned together with
the pleasure of it. 
     I spread my legs wide and grabbed Alicia's hips, letting her lean
forward so I could suck her nipples. We rocked slowly back and forth,
working my cock around in her tight, wet cunt. Karyn sat on the floor,
between my legs, watching Alicia's ass move up and down on my shaft. 
     "You guys are really sexy." I heard Karyn say.
     I soon felt Karyn's hands on my balls, and even rubbing Alicia's cream
on them. Our hips began to sway and rock faster, and I whispered into
Alicia's ear. 
     "You want to watch me cum in her pussy too?"
     Alicia moaned, and began rocking her hips faster. I grabbed her hips
and began pumping her with hard strokes, making her perfect, round ass
ripple.  
     "Oh, yeah, fuck her." Karyn said. "Fuck her nice and hard."
     Alicia went a little wild, and I slipped out of her steaming cunt. She
rose up, and I felt Karyn's hand wrap around my cock.  A warm wetness
enveloped me once again and I arched my hips. To my surprise, I heard Karyn
gag, and realized it was her mouth I was in, not her sister's pussy. She
sucked a bit more, then pushed me into her sister's opening.  
     Alicia slammed down on me, and we began to fuck hard and fast. She'd
heard Karyn suck me, and to both of us the idea that her sister would suck
my cock, fresh from Alicia's sopped cunt, was very erotic. 
     "Fuck her hard." Karyn said, "She likes that."
     I knew that well. We heard Karyn unzipping her jeans and I pictured
her sitting there fingering her little blonde pussy while we fucked, her
nipples hard, and her sister's taste still in her mouth. 
     Alicia was close to coming, with me still trying to catch up with her.
I leaned back and let go of her.  
     "Fuck it baby." I said. "Fuck that nice, hard, cock. Fuck your stud."
     Alicia moaned and began rocking and pumping my cock, her tits bouncing
and her head back, eyes closed. 
     "That's it." I said when her movements became long, rocking motions,
"Let Karyn see you milk my sperm into your hot cunt. Let her see you
fucking that nice hard cock." 
     Alicia moaned and her body shook. She rotated her hips and began
rubbing her clit at the base of my cock. She leaned over me, hands on the
back of the sofa, grinding her clit against me, moaning and shaking all
over. 
     "Cum baby, cum all over my cock." I whispered to her.
     Alicia now did what she does best. Come. She almost jumped up and down
on my cock several times, then sat upright, squeezing her tits. I could
feel her cunt squeezing, milking me, sucking my cock into her depths. I let
her use me as a dildo, letting her have all the fun.  
     "Cum in me." Alicia groaned. "Give me your cum!"
     Her hips took off in a frenzy of rocking motions, working up and down
my cock hard and fast.  Every few moments, she'd stop and arch herself
straight up, and come again.  She was the first, truly multi-orgasmic woman
I'd ever had, and I enjoyed making her come over and over.  
     "Fuck me. Cum in me. Fill me." Alicia panted. Her body began to gleam
with a fine sheen of sweat. I did too, and her slippery thighs brought my
orgasm closer.  
     I grabbed her hips, and held her in place while I pumped in and out of
her furiously. Her ass rippled and her tits bounced with the impacts of my
hips to hers.  She moaned a low, sensual moan, and I could feel the growing
surge rising in me.  
     "Cum in her." Karyn said. "Fill her with your jism."
     I slammed Alicia's cunt hard. Once, twice, three times, and a huge
surge ran through me, contracting my body into one last, massive, primal,
thrust to shoot my sperm deep inside her steaming twat.  Just as I started
to let go, Karyn's tongue licked my balls, and I threw my head back and
arched up, lifting off the sofa and cumming hard inside Alicia. 
     Alicia yelped at the huge thrust, and then shuddered. "Cum! Cum in me!
Yes! Cum!" 
     Over and over I spurted, sending thick, hot streams splashing up
inside her tight tunnel. The warmth of my sperm washed back over the head
of my cock, and I spurted again. Karyn's tongue washed my balls, warming
them and sending me into orbit. I held Alicia tight to me, my face buried
in her neck. Her spasming pussy milked me dry, and we were both panting
hard. I kissed her neck gently and squeezed her in my arms.  
     "Oh God!" Karyn said, "That was great!" We both chuckled.
     I felt Karyn's hand caressing my balls, and Alicia moaned gently.
Karyn's hand slid over her big sister's ass, and down to my cock again.  
     "I actually felt him cumming in you." Karyn said. "That was so hot!
And you were so fucking wet too Ali!" 
     Alicia and I began to laugh a little, with my softening cock sliding
out of her pussy. The more it slid, the harder we laughed about it going
"zonk-schlurp" and ending our bond. 
     "Uh-oh!" Alicia said, feeling the head slipping past her tight ring.
     "Look out below." I laughed.
     Instead, Karyn pushed Alicia up and I fell out with a wet slap onto my
stomach. Alicia gasped and then jerked. I looked down and felt Karyn's hair
against my crotch and saw her licking her sister's cream filled pussy. 
     "Oh! Kari, No...Oh! Oh! Ohhhhhh!" Alicia moaned. I grabbed her ass and
spread her cheeks, pulling Alicia against me.  Karyn made wet, licking
noises and Alicia's hips began rocking urgently. "No, don't stop! Don't
stop!" She cried. 
     Karyn kept licking, and suddenly Alicia pulled my head to her tits and
groaned, shaking and shuddering. Then she relaxed and collapsed on top of
me, wrapping herself tightly around me and moaning softly.  
     I looked over her shoulder and saw Karyn sit up, her face glistening
with the mixture of our juices. She used a finger to wipe her face and then
licked it off, smiling up at me.  
     "I couldn't help it." Karyn said. "That was sooo hot!"
     After a few moments, Alicia slipped off of me and sat next to me
again. She looked like a woman who'd been thoroughly fucked.  Karyn was
naked now, sitting close to the sofa, between my legs. She began licking my
cock, and the cum that still clung to it.  
     "Have you done that before?" Alicia asked?
     "Um-ummm." Karyn said around my cock, shaking her head. "That's the
first time I've ever tasted another girl." She said, then licked a drop of
cream from my thigh. "But not my last." 
     With that, Karyn leaned over and licked Alicia's clit making her jump.
Alicia gently pushed her away. "No, hon, I'm too sensitive now." Karyn
simply returned to sucking my limp prick, pushing her tits against my balls
whenever she licked around my navel playfully.  Karyn really enjoyed my
cock, even rubbing it all over her tits.  
     This had all started out playfully, and now, I was afraid that I
wouldn't live up to my own expectations, however unrealistic they might
have been. I needed a break.  
     "Why don't you sit here and let me eat your pussy?" I asked Karyn. Her
brown eyes sparkled, and she glanced over at her sister, then back to me. 
     "Really? OKAY!" Karyn stood up and both Alicia and I stopped and
looked at her. Karyn's pussy was completely shaved bare.  She had luscious
thighs, like most petite 19 year olds, with a space below her cunt that you
could slide two or three fingers into. That, however, isn't what we were
staring at. Karyn's clit protruded from under it's hood. Not a glistening,
pink pearl, but a long, glistening, bullet shaped pink clit, sticking out
from under it's hood by at least an inch, maybe more.  
     "You like my clit?" Karyn said, pulling her lips apart to expose more
of it.  
     "Oh Kari!" Alicia gushed. "It's so big!"
     "And sensitive I'll bet." I said.
     I pulled her down to the sofa, and quickly slid between her thighs.
Alicia leaned over and watched me suck Karyn's clit between my lips. Karyn
moaned and lifted her hips up. I could feel her clit throbbing in my mouth,
like a miniature cock. Face it fellas, your cock is attached to the same
place her clit is, you all of you have long clits with rearranged plumbing. 
     Karyn's clit was sensitive. And she was incredibly wet too. Her thighs
were already slick with her copious juices, and I rolled my tongue around
her clit, flicking it back and forth in my mouth.  
     "Ohhhhh, yeah! Like that! Just like thaaat!" Karyn moaned.
     I varied what I did. It was like being a kid in a candy store, not
knowing what to try next. I let go and circled it rapidly with my tongue. 
Alicia's mouth moved closer, and she reached out, tentatively, and flicked
her tongue over her sister's long clit. Karyn moaned softly.  
     I moved back and watched Alicia, and she began sucking it like a very
short cock. I licked the thick, white cream that flowed from Karyn's cunt,
and kept my eyes on Alicia's mouth. Alicia lifted her head, and a string of
her saliva ran from her lips to Karyn's clit. Alicia practically drooled
onto the girl's large bud, then licked down the length of it.  
     Karyn was moving her hips slowly with each lick. I said "butterfly" to
Alicia, and she began flicking her tongue across the stiff little shaft.
Karyn moaned and rocked her hips harder.  Butterfly, suck, circle and
repeat, and Karyn was rocking her hips and moaning softly. An idea came to
me, and I told Alicia to stop.  
     I straddled Karyn, pushing her legs together, with her clit peeking
out from between her legs. I was still semi-hard, and I positioned myself
over her mons. She looked at me curious about what I was going to do.  I
began jacking off, my balls hanging down low, swayed and bounced as my hand
worked my shaft. I lowered down, letting my balls begin slapping against
her bare mons and long clit. 
     "Ohh!" Karyn gasped. Then after a few seconds of the sensation, she
began rocking her hips up to meet my balls. 
     "I bet you'd like me to fuck your sweet, creamy cunt and cum all over
your long clit, wouldn't you?" I said lustily. Karyn moaned softly, pulling
on her taut nipples. "I'm going to fuck you hard and fast, then shoot my
hot, creamy sperm all over your clit; make it hot and wet with my thick cum
and watch you cum." 
     Karyn's hips were bucking up and down and she was breathing raggedly.
Alicia fingered herself, and then leaned over to suck one of Karyn's
nipples. Karyn grabbed her sister's head and pulled her down and shoved her
tit into her mouth.
     "Suck it. Suck it hard. Fuck me. Fuck me now!" Karyn pleaded.
     I got off and spread her legs wide, and slid my cock into her very
tight pussy. She was so wet that I went in easily, and I leaned forward to
press my crotch against her clit.  
     "Ohhh yesss!" Karyn cried. "Fuck me! Fuck me!"
     I began pounding her bare little cunt hard and fast, making her moan.
Her muscles contracted around me over and over. She moaned and began
shaking frantically. Somewhere along here, Karyn began biting her nipples
gently and pulling her own nipples hard.  Her pussy made wet slurping
noises, as though it were trying to suck the cum out of my balls.  
     "Fuck her." Alicia hissed. "Cum all over her."
     I couldn't stand it anymore, and I felt the familiar surge deep in my
belly. I slammed her cunt with long hard strokes, and Karyn cried out with
small, high pitched cries. The first burst of cum spewed into her creamy
little cunt, and I gritted my teeth as I pulled out. The second spurt sent
a thick stream of cum over her belly to land between her tits, one drop
hitting her just below her lower lip. I held my cock to her clit and milked
it in my fist, spurting thick, white cream all over her throbbing clit. It
ran down her cuntlips as more spurted against her sensitive button. 
     Karyn's body arched and she moaned, her face contorted in rapture. Her
spasming cunt made a wet noise, and her cunt cream splattered against my
balls. She shook uncontrollably, her legs squeezing around my waist
tightly.  The last drop of sperm dribbled onto her soaked clit and her ass
was clenching, shaking her up and down.  
     Alicia bent down and began licking my sperm from her sister's clit,
and Karyn's legs flung open wide. 
     "Suck me! Suck my clit! Suck it!" she screamed.
     Alicia licked and lapped her sister's sperm-covered cunt, and the
little blonde came again. Then again. Each time, her pulsing, spasming cunt
made wet noises and her juices sprayed against my balls. I remained hard
enough, so I pushed my cock back inside her, and felt her spasming cunt
wrap around me. She came again.  
     When Alicia finally stopped, and I pulled out gently, Karyn curled
into a ball, smiling and moaning softly. All three of us were exhausted,
yet still aroused. Just touching Karyn made her shudder, and we curled up
around her, protectively.  
     Some time later, near midnight, I carried Karyn to our bed, where
Alicia insisted that we put her in the middle. We curled around her, warm
and snug, and kissed our tired little blonde good-night.  I kissed Alicia,
then stroked her long brown hair.  Her blue eyes sparked over Karyn's
breasts at me.   
     "Better get some sleep." She whispered. "You're going to need it."
     And, she was right!
--
