
From ddaily@digiforest.com Sat Dec 14 20:20:25 1996
Path: azea.digiforest.com!cam-news-feed1.bbnplanet.com!news.bbnplanet.com!cam-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.idt.net!cdc2.cdc.net!newsfeed.concentric.net!news-master!news
From: linda jean <lindaj@cris.com>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Sister Mary Jean Chp 9
Date: Thu, 12 Dec 1996 23:37:39 -0800
Organization: Concentric Internet Services
Lines: 361
Message-ID: <32B107C3.248@cris.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: cnc105049.concentric.net
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Mailer: Mozilla 2.02E-WFB  (Win95; U)

Sister Mary Jeans Struggle (F,F,TOYS,DOG,MMMM)
Chapter 9
 


it did not take long before I felt the cock in my ass explode. It felt 
like it would never stop as it pulsed. He pulled out and harry got 
behind me. he slid in and just as he was all the way in he pulsated. He 
climaxed before he could even take one stroke. I felt sorry for him, I 
closed my eyes and ground my ass back hard against him. Harry said 
"fuck, I knew it, she is just to fucking hot, god I love her, that’s it 
Oh yea, that feels good" I herd my self say "Oh Fuck, Oh shit, it feels 
so fucking good, give it to me" I opened my eyes and saw John ready for 
my mouth. I went after it like a wild sex hungry slut would go after a 
cock that she wanted to fuck her.   

This went on and on, each taking their turns and with me getting them 
ready. I have to tell you, I don’t know which I enjoyed the most the 
anal intercourse or the vagina intercourse. I can tell you, I just loved 
 sucking them and getting them ready each time. I lost track of time and 
I am thankful Harry didn’t. He made an announcement While I had Jim’s 
cock in my mouth working it nice and hard  "OK Jim, your the last one, 
Sister has to get going before she is missed" I was lost in my lust, I 
had forgotten all about the world, all about who I was,  all I could 
think of was getting another climax and wanting it to last longer than 
the last one. I know some would think I was all dry and sore, however 
you have to realize I had sperm oozing out of both holes, lubrication 
was at no means any kind of a problem. I also heard Harry tell 
them we better lock up the tapes in the office so we can copy tomorrow

Jim got behind me and entered, it took him some time to climax again, 
but it felt just as good that last time as it did the first time. Harry 
kept on everyone to hurry and get out of there. Ann helped me up, I 
untied my rope and let the habit hem fall. Ann stood in front of me and 
said "Sister, you are hot, you are the hottest girl we ever had fuck the 
boys, just remember, in your class every one gets A’s, No wait a min. I 
want you to Give every boy A’s Myself and June. Let the rest of the 
girls work for it" She reached down lifted the front of my habit and ran 
her fingers up to my swollen open vagina. "My God Sister, you should 
feel the cum coming out of you, you are so slippery, so soft." She 
pulled her hand away and dropped my hem.

Harry walked up to me and said as he handed my veil cap that came off 
"Sister, you have cum stains on your collar and all over your veil cap, 
 you may have a hard time explaining this if anyone sees it"
I saw the stains as he gave me my cap and veil I was shocked back into 
reality. Oh No, What do I do? how can I get to my room with out being 
seen? I knew I was embarrassed, and frightened all at the same time. I  
started to tremble and started to pray at the same time. I asked god to 
get me safely to my room with out anyone seeing me. I made it out of the 
school to the convent side door,  So far so good, I was going up the 
stairs when I saw Sister Mary Margaret coming down the stairs. She 
looked at me stopped and said "We have got to get you to your room, 
before Mother sees you, take off your cap and veil and give them to me." 
She grabbed my arm and lead the way saying "If anyone ask, You feel sick 
and I  am taking you to the infirmary" 

We made it to my room we went inside and Sister leaned against the door. 
I went to my bed sat down on the edge and started crying. I was crying 
for many reason’s. The biggest reason was my disgust with myself. I 
hated myself for not being able to control my own body. I was 
embarrassed that someone else saw me in the state I was in, I was so 
ashamed of what I did, of what I was and that I not only let myself get 
into this mess, but that I was so lost in the lust with those disgusting 
men and boys and that Ann,  She was as bad as they were if not worse. 
Sister put down my veil and sat next to me, holding me, she said  "Come 
on dear, tell me all about it, nothing is all that bad" I heard those 
words and cried even harder. Sister said We have got to get you out of 
this and wash them off and get you into a shower, you smell of men’s 
spunk, and by the cum on your collar and cap I can only guess what has 
happen" I could not stop crying, Sister undressed me and  got me in the 
shower. She said "it looks as if you took them in both holes, you better 
douche both of them" I had stopped drying by now and after I got out of 
the shower, Sister dried me off.

Sister helped dry me off and said "while you were in the shower, Mother 
came by and asked for you, I told her you were very sick and I was 
helping you, she said she would have the Sister’s at Vespers pray for 
you and If you did not feel up to Mass in the morning to stay in bed. 
She would get Sister Ruth to substitute for you class" Sister lead me to 
my bed, I got under the covers and she sat there waiting. She rubbed my 
head and said "OK, now, I want you to tell me everything, I will help 
you, what ever it is, you can trust me to be here for you"  I turned my 
face away from her and started. I told her all about following Ann down 
stairs under the stage where she went to the dressing room. I told her 
every thing. I did not leave out one thing. 

I wanted to tell somebody, I knew I could not keep this sick mess all to 
myself. all the time Sister did not say a word, she just sat there 
stroking my forehead. When I was finished, she took my chin and turned 
my face to her and said "My dear, dear girl, you are a human, God made 
our bodies with very strong desires, you and I took a vow to be 
celibate, yet we make mistakes. You and I have shared things we should 
never have, It does not change you love for God, and it does not change 
mine. You choose to be a Nun, so did I, we are a sister hood and 
together we can do wonders. I am going to help you get those Video’s, 
and pictures. together we will stop this from going on. It will be our 
secret,  during Vespers we will go over to the school and search for 
them, I think we should start with Mr. Harris Office and then the 
janitors room. If we don’t find them there, we will search Mr. Johnson’s 
room.

I got up, we hugged and I got dressed, and we planned everything out 
what we would do when we got our hands on the video’s and pictures. We 
waited for Vespers to start and we went over to the school, Sister Mary 
knew where the fire keys were locked up, so she got the keys to get into 
all the rooms. Since Mr. Harris’s Office was outside down the hill, on 
the back side of the school We felt his office should be first. As we 
walked out side I noticed the huge wall and asked, "what is that, 
Sister?" Pointing to the wall, Sister said "Oh it’s the auditorium," as 
we walked down the steps, I then asked ‘Is Mr. Harris’s office down here 
behind the auditorium?" She looked at me and said "are you thinking what 
I am thinking?" I said I think so, I bet his office is on the other side 
of the dressing rooms and girls rooms" Sister said "Hurry"

She unlocked the door, I found the light switch and turned on the 
lights. Mr. Harris had a rather large office space.  We looked around 
and found a home made dark room, 8 video machines, and 40-50 video 
tapes. I went looking for the wall where they pulled out the panel. I 
found it and showed it to Sister. We also found 4 different televisions 
 It did not take long to locate the two video tapes they shot of me 
today, and I took every negative with my picture in it. they were very 
easy to find with the white collar and head cap. I wanted to set the 
place on fire, but Sister pointed out that would never stop them from 
doing this again. We had to do something different, something we could 
use to not only stop them but to make sure they never did anything like 
this again. 

I agreed and we went to work. Our plan was not elaborate, in fact it was 
very simple. While I made up new labels of my afternoon I put them on 
two blank tapes and put them right back where the were. I took the 
negatives and pictures, cut them up, and flushed them down the drain. 
Sister set up every thing else. We made it back to the convent and to 
our rooms with out anyone knowing anything. Sister said "now, get some 
sleep, and remember, what to tell Ann in the morning" she kissed me 
gently and went to her room. I fell asleep, and woke up with a purpose. 
I went to breakfast, Mass and off to my classroom. I thought Ann would 
show up early. I could not wait to tell her, to get the plan in motion.

Sure enough, Ann walked in the door with a very smug look on her face, 
she walked up to me, sat on the edge of my desk just like before. Her 
short skirt rising high on her thigh. She sat there with her legs 
slightly open and said" how’s your holes feeling?  Bet you can’t wait 
till after school today can you sister?" I smiled, I knew the words she 
was going to say, for 17, she is a real controlling person. I knew what 
I was going to say next would set her back,  Sister and I decided in 
order for our plan to work, they all had to believe that I was lost to 
my own lust, that I would do absolutely anything to have guys fuck me, 
and the nastier the more believing.  I reach up with my hand and started 
to run it on the inside of her open thigh, slowly bringing it up to her 
crotch. Finding her gash uncovered and wet, I slid one finger then 
another into her. 

Ann closed her eyes and said "that’s nice, I wanted you to do that"  I 
then said "Ann, the other day when I was in the girls bathroom and I did 
all the guys through the hole in the wall when they took out that panel, 
I hate to admit it, but it really turned me on hotter than anything I 
ever did. Do you think you could talk to Harry and let him know I would 
really love to do it again today.?" Ann’s eyes lit up, she smiled and 
said "Sister, I know Harry will do it, that’s Mr. Harris’s and his 
biggest kicks, just plan on it, come down there after school, How long 
can you stay before you have to get to the convent?" Now at this point I 
was to tell her I was pressed for time, but I have to tell you, sitting 
there and fingering this little she devil really got my own sick lust 
going, I mean really going strong, I was rubbing her clit with my thumb. 
And I could feel my own pussy starting to throb. I wanted to touch my 
own gash, or better yet have this little cunt touch it.  Sister and I 
felt it would be good to ask Mr. Harris, Mr. Collier, Mr. Johnson and 
Harry to be the ones to fuck me through the hole.

Ann said "your so fucking hot Sister, I bet you could fuck the football 
team."  I said "as hot as I am, I bet I could also." Ann said "so, 
sister, how many guys do you want to take on?" I looked at her, my cunt 
is throbbing, I feel it wet as can be I then say "You work that out, I 
can stay for two hours, can you join me in the stall?" Ann’s body 
started to stiffen and her leg started to twitch, she was breathing very 
hard and I knew it would be just seconds before she would climax. She 
said " Yes, Oh GOD, yes, Oh fuck harder" I heard talking coming to the 
door and quickly pulled my hand out, Ann moved off the desk, I felt like 
I was on cloud nine, I made the little bitch suffer, I could see it all 
over her face, she was so fucking close, one more second and she would 
have climaxed. She stood there glaring at me her eyes said it all. I 
smiled and said "Ann dear, you may want to take your seat we can finish 
this talk later"

Ann smiled a forced smile and sat right in front of my desk. I loved 
looking at her that first hour and watched as she would once and a while 
bring a hand down between her legs to  touch her self I would wait a few 
min until I felt it was getting real good for her, then I would quickly 
ask the class a question and call on her for the answer. It should be a 
sin to feel the way I felt every time I caught her right at the edge. 
God forgive me, I do love it so.

At lunch Sister Mary Margaret stopped by and said every thing was set 
up. To make sure I did not look at any camera. And not to say one word 
in my own voice. Knowing me the way she does she did say I could moan if 
I had to but if I said anything to use falsetto, if I did say one word 
in my own voice, I would make the plan back fire. I went through the 
rest of the day waiting, and I hate to say this wanting. I did want the 
day to end so I could get down to the girls bathroom. The thing that 
makes it so bad is, I wanted to get down there not because of our plan 
but because I wanted to feel for the last time and I knew this would be 
the last time cock, yes cock, lots of hard cock, since I knew this was 
going to be it, I decided I wanted as much as I could get.

After the last bell, I did not wait for the school to clear before I 
went down the auditorium stage stairs, I got there as fast as I could. I 
went in to the girls room, making sure not to get in front of the 
mirror, I  took off my habit and my veil, I placed them in a paper sack 
which O had brought, I wrapped a scarf around my face  and a rain coat 
Sister got for me from lost and found. I walked to the last stall  I sat 
down on the toilet seat opened my legs and started to finger my self to 
a long wanted hard climax, I could see the camera pointed at my crotch, 
I put on a show for it. I looked at the two that shot my face and saw 
them covered with thick grease, Sister was true to her word. I saw the 
mike next to me and remembered I had to make sure I disguised my voice. 
I felt very wicked, very nasty. I heard the panel being removed and I 
saw a hard thick cock poke through it right at my face.

I said "Oh, no, do I have to? Do I have to suck this thing?" I heard a 
familiar voice it was Mr. Harris. "yes bitch, suck that cock if you know 
what’s best for you, stick it in your mouth a make me cum" I was glad it 
was him. I could not wait to spring this on him and to see his face . I 
sucked it I stroked it and did it fast, I wanted it over with for this 
bustard, yes he is a bustard, a fucking asshole bustard. I felt him 
start to cum and I pulled my face away, I was not about to let him cum 
in my mouth. I could hear him bitch and moan and complain as he shot his 
sperm all over the front of my open rain coat. He was bitching as he 
pulled away. I also heard him say "you fucking bitch, your going to pay 
for this, you are going to pay big, do you hear me cunt, you are going 
to pay, you will do what your told or I’ll blackmail your ass the rest 
of your life" I saw a big black cock poke through and I knew where I 
wanted it, I stood up, and backed up to the big open panel, I aimed his 
huge cock into my wanting wet open hungry cunt. It slid in and as it did 
I moaned out loud, I said in my fake voice, "Oh God, I need this, I need 
this after that small puny dick  Give it to me, fuck me."  I felt his 
cock going in and out, I loved every stroke, I felt a climax starting 
and I knew I was going to climax the second I felt his spill his sperm 
into my hot wanting hole. I felt it and putting my hands on the opposite 
wall I shoved back hard and wanted every inch he could give me.

He pulled out and I felt another big cock fill me. I loved it, moaning I 
let him know to fuck me hard and fast. He climaxed and I felt my own 
cunt spasm and I made it flex to give him the most pleasure I could. 
This went on and on until I could not stand any longer,  After one of 
the guys climaxed I had to sit down and rest, as I turned and sat down 
another cock came through the wall, I took it in my mouth and went after 
his cum. I hate to say this but all of a sudden I wished we had not 
planned to stop this perversion, I wanted it, I wanted to be used and 
used by whoever wanted to empty there sperm into me. I almost started to 
fix it so our plan would not work. I tried to reach down and wipe off 
the thick grease on the one camera that would get my face from the 
front. I just could not reach it. I wanted to use my own voice to blow 
the plan, but the cock in my mouth and my own lust would not let me let 
go of his dick to say anything.

I felt his cock pulsate and I climaxed with him as I swallowed his 
sperm. He pulled out and I came back to my senses . I was glad I did not 
uncover the tiny camera and could not use my voice. I sucked three more 
guys and wanted one of these hard cock in my cunt some more.  I switched 
and shoved my ass against the open panel. I felt fingers and heard the 
guys talking I really loved it when I heard Mr. Harris announce to who 
ever was there. "come on guys, step right up, this cunt will drain your 
pipes dry, she has no choice, it only cost you $1.00 for one of the 
hottest cunt we ever hooked." I knew every time he opened his mouth, 
just made our plan better. 

I could just picture him on the other side of the wall collecting dollar 
bills from whoever was there wanting to fuck me. I heard one guy ask 
"can I fuck her ass?" Harris said, Son you fuck her asshole if you want, 
she likes it in her asshole, don’t you cunt?" I knew I had to answer 
him, so I just said "do I have to?" I could hear him mad as hell, "Yes, 
bitch, you will fuck who ever I say and however I say, do you 
understand?" I moaned and said "Only If I have to" I felt fingers work 
roughly in my asshole and probe inside. Again I hate to admit it, but it 
felt so wonderful, I almost could not wait for the guy to fuck me there. 
Once he started almost all the rest wanted my asshole. I had to rest 
again from standing bent over and sat down again. I stated to suck this 
guy when I heard a very loud commotion from the other side of the wall.

"Freeze, every one stand still, don’t move, this is the police"  I let 
go of the dick I was sucking and froze. The cock pulled back and I saw a 
face from the other side. The man said. Stay right there, don’t move,  
there is another Officer on the way over there." My mind was racing, I 
knew I had to get out of there, I could not let the police catch me 
there, I knew this was going to ruin my whole life. I got up,  grabbed 
my sack and started out the door. As I opened the door, Sister Mary 
Margaret was standing there, she said "slow down Sister, it’s all right, 
just put your habit back on and lets get out of here. My brother is 
going to take care of them.

I was stunned, Sister did not tell me about this part. We were going to 
get the tape she set up and use it to make them stop. I dressed and we 
walked to Supper, sitting together Sister said "from now on Sister, they 
will never do this again. Clark has all the evidence he needs to stop 
them.  We will meet him after Vespers,  You will never have to worry 
about them again. I sat there, still stunned and oozing from both holes, 
I just knew I had stained my habit in the back. Because I did not have 
time to wipe myself.

After Vespers,  We met Clark in our parlor, he started with "Sister, I 
am so sorry they tricked you into doing what they did, Jane, I mean 
Sister Mary Margaret set up the camera that caught it all on tape, we 
have Mr. Harris collecting money  and telling you had no choice but to 
do what he said. He have all 23 boys that paid to have sex with you 
through the wall. We have Ann in custody and we collected enough master 
tapes to prosecute the men that made all those girls have sex. I have to 
tell you that you did a great job disguising your self. And the last 
thing you can thank god for, you will not have to make any statement of 
go to court. As far as the men working for me, you just got away. Oh 
Harris tried to tell them that it was a nun he made do this, but 
thankfully all my men are good hard Catholics and they all know a nun 
would never get put in a position like that. 

My sister told me you needed help and she did not tell me what they had 
on you to make you do those things, you don’t have to tell me, but I am 
curious" Sister Mary spoke up and said "Clark, I told you, not to ask, 
trust me she had no choice" Clark said "OK, OK I won’t ask. Just be 
careful Sister and make sure you don’t get put in that type of situation 
again" I looked at him as he spoke, I was sitting there and on one hand 
I was so relieved, yet on the other hand I was feeling like I lost 
something.

I stood up, shook Clarks hand and said "thank you Officer, trust me, it 
won’t" Sister and I left and went up to our rooms. Sister came into my 
room and said "put this behind you and from now on, call me when you get 
horny and your toys are not enough" she gently kissed me and said as she 
walked to her room, "Clark can be trusted, so don’t worry about a thing, 
nothing will be leaked out about this" Only those sick men and boys will 
pay for this

Over the next weeks Sister kept me informed, and it turned out that 
Harris had previous convictions for sex crimes and rape. The other men 
all sentenced to 6-9 years for the raping of 5 girls and blackmail. True 
to his word, nothing hit the papers or news. Every thing happened behind 
closed doors.  Ann was convicted as an adult and sent to prison for 5 
years.  Everything seemed to settle down. I wish I could say I had a 
very easy time of it, the truth is, I would lay in bed at night and 
relive every nasty thing I did. I was torn between my own pleasure and 
my vows. I knew I choose a life that was by far the hardest life anyone 
could choose. I had tasted the fruit and I desired more. The struggle 
with in me is almost more than I can stand. 
  
I read that nasty sex book so much, I memorized the story. I would lay 
in bed and fantasize, sit at my desk during class and fantasize of some 
of the most perverse sex possible. Once while sitting at my desk I 
glanced outside and saw a good looking German Shepherd male dog. I 
immediately remembered Buster and what I did when I was so young. I knew 
if I ever had the opportunity I would try it again. hmm the thought 
became very appealing as I think about it.

*********************************************************
   Look for Chapter 10, it and I will be coming soon, very , very soon 
**********************************************************
 Looking for feedback, since I’m making this up, as I go along I have a 
general direction I am taking the story. I am trying to tell the story 
and have it make some sort of sense and be very erotic. If you see where 
I am confusing things up, or have any suggestions to give feel free. By 
the way I hope I do not offend any person connected to the Catholic 
faith, I at one time did consider to become a Nun, if I had, this story 
could have been true.                      Lindaj@cris.com

