Archive-name: Family/siskar04.txt
Archive-author: Black Knight
Archive-title: My Sister, My Slave


                   IV.  PARTY DOLL SPY

     It was the phone that woke us.  Mom telling us what the
plans were for Sunday, that they'd be home sometime after six. 
Yes, Mom, everything is fine, I'll be fine, the party will be
find.  It's just four girls, Mom, I can handle it.  How's
Grandma?  Good.  Yes, I'd like to.  Hi, Grandma, feeling better? 
Glad to hear it.  Yeah, next month.  Business school.  No, not
just secratarial school, accounting, bookeeping, that sort of
stuff.  Office management.  How's Aunt Ethel?  Good.  She keeping
you company?  That's nice.  Karen?  Still asleep, I think.  I'll
tell her you called.  We'll call tomorrow.  You get well.  Mom? 
Yes, Karen's asleep.  I don't know, maybe she was up later than I
thought.  Say hi to Joey.  See you tomorrow.
     Karen stirred.  She shook her hands, noticing that they were
no longer tied.  "Sleep well?" I asked her, and she nodded,
wearily.  
     "Can I take these off?" She held her hands up, pointing to
the wristbands with their trailing thongs.
     "Of course.  Some night, huh?"
     Karen lay back and stretched her arms.  "You bet, you nasty
bitch!"
     I raised my hand in a mock slap.  "How dare you talk to me
like that!"  I said, but we both knew I was just kidding.
     Karen grasped my hand, pulled herself up to me.  We had a
long, drawn-out, gentle, loving, good morning kiss.  Then Karen
jumped up out of bed, and began undoing the wristbands and
harness.  "You can tie me up like this anytime, Sis."
     "I will," I said.  "Breakfast?" I asked, with the intention
of preparing it.
     "I'll get it.  You stay here.  The usual?"
     I nodded.  She tossed the thong into the bathroom, and
without putting on a stitch of clothing, she bounced out of the
room into the kitchen.
     I lay back and rested.  In my entire life, (which had only
been eighteen years, remember,) I had never had so much sex in so
little time.  I felt wonderfully alive, but I also felt a bit
drained.  And I was definitely and without reservation in love
with my sister.
     The smell of eggs, bacon, and coffee wafted in from the
kitchen.  Presently, Karen came in, looking ridiculously lovely
in Mom's "I LIVE FOR FOOD" apron.  She put the bed tray down on
my lap, and joined me in bed.  "Now eat.  After last night, you
need your strength, Sis."
     I laughed.  I reached over and tousled her hair, and she
shook my hand off her head, took it and held it softly against
her face.  If I hadn't been so tired and so hungry, I would've
seduced her right then and there.  I settled for letting her feed
me a strip of bacon, whereupon I took her hand and lovingly
licked the bacon grease off her fingers.

     After showering together in the opulent tub, Karen dis-
appeared into her room to prepare for the party.  I spent the
morning clearing up and cleaning Mom's bedroom and bathroom.  I
put on jeans and a t-shirt, and went downstairs to rearrange the
den and living room.  As I came down the stairs, I heard the
unmistakable whir of the vacuum cleaner.  That Karen was
vacuuming was surprising enough.  I was doubly surprised, then,
to see that the only things she was wearing was the black choker
and the leather harness.  I knew she had had the choker, but I
hadn't noticed the missing thong when I'd gathered up my
equipment.
     "You are going to catch a cold."
     "Oh, poo, colds don't travel that way.  I'll be fine.  I
wanted to be naked for you."
     "Karen ... " I was about to be stern but changed my tune.
"Karen, I adore you for wanting to please me so much, but I'd
feel better if you got dressed.  Besides, if you stay like that,
we'll never get anything done."
     "And what's wrong with that?" she said, as she bounced over
to me, hugged me, gave me a peck on the cheek, and then departed
up the stairs.
     I picked up the vacuuming where she had left off.  She
returned in white shorts and a short-sleeved, high-necked black
leotard.  She was still wearing the choker.  "Where'd you leave
the thong?" I asked.
     "Right here!" she said, smiling, pointing to the line it
made under the leotard.  (She hadn't put a bra on, either.) Ask a
silly question ...

     We lived in the outskirts of a small town which had once
been a farming community.  The city was about an hour away, a
nice distance for visiting it and for avoiding it. Our house had
been a farmhouse, but the farm was long gone. We first moved in
when I was four years old and Karen was just learning to walk. 
The farm had just been sold to a developer, but the owners had
left a very large, wooded plot around their house.  It was that
property Dad had bought.  It was set back from the main road by a
fairly long yard and driveway, and was surrounded by sparse woods
on the three other sides.  
     The developers went right to work.  Since the land had been
farmed, there were only occasional trees here and there on the
rest of the property, which made it easy for the developers to
put in the sort of prefab communities which popped up in the
fifties, sixties, and seventies.  The center of town was about a
mile from our house, and our nearest neighbor had been half a
mile away before the building began.  And by the time I was ten,
we had dozens of neighbors, yet thanks to the foresight of the
farmers, our house still seemed isolated. 
     However, by the time I was ten, we were no longer set back
quite as far from the road.  By the time Dad had finished, the
front of the house was a good thirty feet thicker than it had
been.  The old living room became a den, the old "kid's bedroom
became Mom's bathroom, and the porch had been scrapped and
replaced by a guest bedroom, a living room, and a bathroom.  The
old farmhouse had had no upper level, so Dad had one added, and
it was big enough that each of us kids had our own bedroom.  In
the process, a basement was added which was an extension of the
farmhouse's rather cramped storm cellar.  The storm cellar was
dug out and lined in cement, and turned into a utility room.  The
new basement he finished as a family room.  It was a big, mostly
empty room, with a stairway leading up to the kitchen.   And
behind the house was a new enclosed porch, facing the woods.     
 All of this I mention here because it came up while Karen and I
were eating lunch.  Up until now, our major concern was having
the party in our house.  Now the problem was how to get me where
I could see them but they couldn't see me.  
     "I know I can see in from the utility room, cause the door
has slats, and that corner of the room is always dark.  I just
can't see how I can get down there.  I mean, I'm supposed to be
up in the house, not in the utility room all night.  And if they
thought I was there, it'd put a real damper on things."
     "And," I added, "If I go down early, then what if the phone
rings?  How am I going to get up there?" 
     "Simple," Karen said.  "Use the cordless phone and keep it
on the porch."
     "How does that make it any easier?"
     "You don't know?"  Karen looked incredulous at her older
sister's sudden lapse in intelligence.
     "No, I don't," I responded, and I was a bit pissed.
     "Come're."  She jumped up and led me out onto the porch. 
She pointed to what looked like floorboards.
     "So?"
     "So look there.  See the hinge?"
     And there it was.  When dad had built the porch deck, he
hadn't taken out the old storm door stairs, he had just covered
them up and hinged the floorboards for access.  In eight years,
I'd never noticed.  "How'd you know about this?" I asked as I
pulled the hatch open.
     As we descended the stairs, Karen said, "I'm not sure I
should tell you this, but ..." and she faltered.  We had come to
another door, one I had assumed was boarded or nailed shut.  It
wasn't.  It locked from the inside, ordinarily, but Karen had
taken care of that earlier this morning.  She turned the knob and
the door swung open freely, albeit noisily.  "Needs oil," Karen
said as she skipped into the utility room.
     "Hey, not so fast.  How'd you know?"
     Karen blushed.  I almost wished she'd been naked ... I
wondered if she blushed all over?  "Well, back when I was twelve
or thirteen, you had a party.  Remember the big Christmas party? 
For your friends only."  I nodded. Karen continued, "Well, I
wanted to see what went on, but Mom and Dad had sent me off to
bed.  Well, see, I snuck out of the house and had gone around to
the porch.  And I heard music.  It was dark, but I noticed the
hinge when I stepped on it.  I couldn't get through that night,
cause the door was locked.  But I knew it could be done."
     "And when, young woman," I asked, staring her down, "Did you
get through?"  I had a sneaking suspicion I knew of a very
particular time.  Karen wouldn't say, and she tried to evade the
issue by ducking past my arm and out into the finished room.     
But I grabbed her by her shorts, and got a firm grip on the
harness underneath her leotard.  "Ow!" she cried, and she tried
to wrest herself away.  I pulled her over to the couch, set her
down, and let a hard smack fall on her rear.  I knew it wouldn't
hurt her, and I wasn't really mad, it just seemed to be the right
thing to do.
     "Okay, I'll tell you! Just promise me one thing?"
     "What's that?" I asked, thinking it'd be that I wouldn't be
mad at her, which, of course, at this point, I wouldn't be,
anyway.
     "If I tell you, you have to spank me again!"  I rolled my
eyes to the ceiling.

     We went back upstairs to finish our lunch, and Karen told me
about the very afternoon I'd been thinking about.  Mom and Dad
were out shopping with Joey, and Karen had been playing in the
backyard with Leslie.  I was sixteen, and my current boyfriend
was over and we were cleaning up the porch.  He started making
physical passes towards me and I was willing to encourage him,
and eventually, when we were finished cleaning up, we had gone
inside and down into the basement.  We even locked the basement
door so that Karen and Leslie couldn't see what we were up to.
Bobby and I started making out on the couch, and from there,
Karen saw it all.
     "Well, Leslie said she had to go home, so I went back in and
I couldn't get into the basement.  I heard you and Bobby down
there, and I decided that if you were going to hog the basement,
I was going to find out why.  I guess Dad would have a fit if he
knew, but I had left the door unlocked the last time I'd been
thru it.  I used to use it to get to the porch when Mom and Dad
weren't looking."
     "So it was open, and I got down there, being real quiet.  I
even left my shoes on the porch, and lowered the hatch so noone
would know if they came by.  And I could see you on the couch."  
   It was the first time Karen had seen anything of the sort
going on between older teenagers that couldn't be seen on the
streets and in the parks.  Cause Bobby had my blouse open, and my
bra was pushed up over my tits, and he was kissing and sucking on
them until I thought I was going to die.  
     "And when I saw you start to suck his cock, geez, Sis, I was
going crazy.  My legs were getting so weak, I had to kneel down
or I'd of fallen down.  And he was so big, too."
     I was smiling.  I remembered how big Bobby was.  Like nine
inches long and two across.  He was a football player on the
high school team, and he was built solid.  It didn't last long,
our relationship, but it was fun while it lasted.  He wasn't the
first boy I'd fucked, and he wasn't the best, either, but he was
in the top two.  And that afternoon had been our first
opportunity ever.  
     "I was, what, thirteen?  I didn't think you could get
anything that big in.  I thought he would hurt you, and I almost
wanted to run thru the door and stop him.  And you looked like
you were in pain, too."
     Pain?  Well, it hurt for a moment, then it was just
pleasure, pleasure, pleasure.  With a cock like that, he had had
to learn to be gentle if he wanted a second shot with a girl. 
Too bad he hadn't learned to be as gentle with feelings as he was
with bodies.  
     "So you were watching all that, huh?  I had a feeling you
were, but I chalked it up to thinking Bobby and I were taking a
big risk."
     Karen smirked, "You certainly were, Sis.  You could've
gotten pregnant."
     I replied, "That was not the risk I was referring to,
although you are quite right.  It was not particularly smart, I
admit.  I sweated that one out for two very scary weeks." 
Playfully, I poked her nose gently.  "And let that be a lesson to
you, young lady."  Karen wrinkled her nose at me.  "Now, let's go
downstairs and set things up right."

     We dragged mattresses down to the basement, set them around
the room, and made up the beds.  Karen went into the utility room
and I moved around the room for her so that she could see which
areas were visible from the utility room.  I went upstairs to
prepare dinner, and Karen went to her room to put together her
bad for the night.  
     At one point, she came downstairs, and she was once again
buck naked, save for the choker and the harness.  "Hey, showoff,"
I yelled, "Put on some clothes or the whole neighborhood'll be
playing Peeping Tom!"  For I had opened the window shades in the
living room and kitchen to get some light.  Karen rocketed up the
stairs, although we both knew that noone from the street could
have seen her.  But it was getting close to arrival time for her
friends, and I wasn't supposed to know how intimate they were
with each other.  And besides, she'd have to explain the harness
... and I'd rather she didn't have to.
     She came back down in a heavy robe.  "Sorry, Sis.  Didn't
know the shades were up.  I was wondering if we could use some of
your stuff tonight."
     "Like what?  From what you tell me, you have ways of tying
people up already."
     "Yeah, but we don't have stuff like the vibrator.  Could we
borrow that?  And the paddle?"
     "Let me think about that."
     "OKE!" she said, and then she was gone.
     I came over to the stairs, and yelled up, "And take off that
harness!  NOW!"

     In the end, I let her borrow the vibrator on the condition
that it not be inserted into any human receptacles. I did not
want to be the one to explain to an angry parent just how their
precious darling got scratched INSIDE her vagina.  But I said no
absolutely to the paddle.  If someone got hurt, I'd be run out
of town.
     The girls started arriving about three, and I sent them one
by one up to Karen's room.  I did some half-hearted studying for
finals.  At six, I called them all down to the dinner table.  I
noticed that although the harness was gone, Karen still wore her
choker.  I also noticed that all the girls were dressed rather
strangely for a slumber party.  Each girl had a lot more
clothing on than you'd expect under the circumstances.  For
instance, Karen had a black leotard and tights on, and she was
wearing a bra now, too.  I had no doubt that she had panties on,
too.  Over the tights were her white shorts, and she had a white
tube top pulled over the leotard.
     Jane was dressed almost identically, except that she wore a
skirt instead of shorts, and a tank top instead of a tube top. 
And her tights and leotard were bright red.  Mary, as usual, had
dressed very conservatively, but overly so.  She not only wore a
skirt and blouse, but had a vest and a cotton cardigan besides. 
Leslie was the only one who seemed to have dressed normally,
wearing jeans and a T-shirt.  
     They wolfed down the spaghetti and salad, and then they
gathered their stuff and went downstairs.  I pulled Karen aside
and warned her once more about the vibrator.  Then I let her go.
     I went into Mom and Dad's room and turned on the TV.  But I
retired to my room to prepare myself for the evening.  I stripped
off my clothes, took a quick shower to wash off any scent of my
cologne, and dressed in a loose pair of black shorts and a dark
blue t-shirt.  I tossed a dark robe over my arm and went
downstairs.  I remained in Mom's room for a while, and
presently, as we had arranged, Karen came up to find me.  "I
don't think we'll get going till about seven thirty or eight. 
They're still yakking away about school and boys and everything
else."
     "And you are not, I suppose?" I asked.
     Karen smiled and said, "Well, of course I am.  I just wanted
you to know."
     "Thanks.  I'll go down around 7:30.  Come up for snacks just
before you think you'll start."
     We conspirators exchanged a brief hug, and then she was gone
again.

     Karen didn't come up by 7:30, so I put on the dark robe,
went out the back door, and slowly, quietly descended the stairs
into the dark.  I must admit, I was scared, dreadfully scared,
until I saw the little cracks of light around the basement door. 
I slowly opened it, glad that we had oiled the joints, and closed
and locked it behind me.  With any luck, there'd be no calls
tonight.
     I came close to the door.  And thanked Karen again.  Because
just to the right of the door was a chair, one I didn't remember
seeing earlier.  Karen knew it was going to be a long night.     
  I slowly moved the chair into position, straddling it backward
so that I could rest my shoulders on the chairback as I peered
thru the slats.  The girls were still sitting around munching on
popcorn and pretzels, talking about clothes, talking about
school, talking a lot about boys.  They sat on the
mattresses, sharing stories of their latest escapades, some tame,
some wild, but all of interest to me.  For these were Karen's
contemporaries, and though only three years separated my sister
and me, our lifestyles had been quite different.  These girls
were much more attuned to the social norms than I was, and they
were much more experienced at dating than I had been at fifteen. 
I listened with rapt attention as Jane described how far she had
"let" her boyfriend go on their last date, and as Leslie
described her boyfriend's and her fascination with their
partner's private parts.
     At one point, Karen loped up the stairs, and then came right
back down.  I thought I saw her look my way as she sat down, but
I was probably mistaken.  Within five minutes, Karen held up a
deck of cards and said, "Are we ready, girls?"
     Apparantly they were.  They sat on their mattresses facing
each other.  Karen had taken great pains to set the mattresses up
so that when they played, I'd have a fairly good view of all the
participants.  As it was, Karen I could only see in a three-
quarter's view from behind.  As it turned out, it didn't matter. 
I had a good enough view of all the goings-on.
     The quartet spent about ten minutes reviewing the rules, and
I didn't catch them all, but what I did hear pretty much matched
what Karen had described.  One big argument was over how to tell
who lost a hand.  I had never thought about that before. When I
looked up the rules later, I realized why they had so much
trouble.  The rulebooks only defined who won, not who lost. 
There was no "official" way to determine who had the lowest
scoring hand.  While waiting for them to resolve this problem, I
got up and stretched.  When I heard the cards being shuffled, I
sat back down and watched.  
     Mary was dealing the first hand, and everyone giggled as
they considered their cards, discarded a few, and recieved
replacements.  It was all very straightforward, since there was
no betting involved, and therefore no reason to bluff.  So there
wasn't much to be interested in except who won the chance to
remove someone else's clothes.
     Jane was the first winner, and Karen lost her tube top. 
The girls had a real ritual going here.  Jane and Karen stood,
and while Karen simply stood rather limply, Jane reached from
behind her and grasped the tube top at the waist and pulled it
over Karen's head.  Then Jane simply let the top drop on the
floor at Karen's feet.  And they sat down to play another hand.  
   So it took a while for anything really interesting to happen. 
Mary removed Leslie's socks, and then Mary lost her vest and
skirt to Karen and Jane.  Then, in three straight hands, Jane
lost her socks, tank top and skirt, which left looking like a
svelte dancer in her flame red leotard and tights.  
     Leslie supplied the first surprise of the night, because
underneath her plain blue t-shirt was a sexy, lacy pink teddy. 
The others oohed and ahhed, partly at how pretty the teddy
looked, but mostly at Leslie's joke at hiding it under such a
plain looking outfit.  Two hands later, her jeans gone, everyone
got to admire just how pretty the teddy was, and how attractive
it looked on Leslie.  But it didn't last long, for on the very
next hand, my sister got to remove it.  Karen took her time doing
it, too, slowly lowering the straps over Leslie's shoulders. Then
she took it down very slowly, inch by inch, making Leslie turn a
full revolution while the teddy inched down over to reveal a
filmy, lacy black bra and a matching pair of panties.  Leslie was
tall, almost as tall as Karen (who at fifteen was already five-
foot-six,) and just a little bit thinner in the waist, which made
her hips and bosom seem larger, even though the girls were
actually pretty much the same size in those areas.  She was as
attractive as my sister, (even objectively,) but where Karen had
a sort of wall-to-wall smile and a long straight nose, Leslie had
a cute upturned nose sitting over a wide-lipped, sensuous mouth.
And as Leslie turned dutifully around, the teddy being lowered as
she turned, Karen made note of all her features, including the
cute dimples surrounding Leslie's belly button.  Leslie was
blushing when she finally got to sit down.
     Well, Leslie didn't get to rest for long. Right after Karen
undid Mary's big bow-tie, Leslie lost again.  All eyes (including
mine,) were on Leslie and Mary standing among the growing pile of
discarded clothing.  Mary stood behind Leslie, only to find that
the lacy bra hooked in the front.  Rather than come around front,
Mary reached around Leslie's chest to undo the garment.  Slowly
(these girls seemed to have made an artform out of slowly
disrobing their friends,) Mary slipped the bra straps down
Leslie's arms, and revealed Leslie's high, rose-tipped breasts. 
     But the disrobing wasn't the prime attraction here.  The
girls' rules made losing one's bra an interesting (shall I say,
tittilating?) experience.  For after Leslie slowly turned in
place two or three times (with Mary giving a running commentary
on the merits and charms of Leslie's body,) she had to stand in
place for two full minutes, during which time Mary could do
anything she wished with Leslie's bosom.  Mary chose to cup the
tits from behind (which, fortunately, meant they both were facing
my hidden vantage point.)  She played lovingly with Leslie's
small, rosy nipples, caressing them, pinching them lightly,
rolling them between her fingers.  Leslie was not unaffected. She
moaned and groaned all thru this escapade, and I could see her
hips begin to grind as the two minutes came to a close.  When
Mary let go, Leslie's nipples were hard and stood out in stark
relief from the areoles.
     And don't think I was unaffected.  This party took place
years ago, and it's easy to write dispassionately about it now. 
But when it happened, I was sitting there in the dark wishing
that someone was doing interesting things to my tits.  And my
pussy was already doing some interesting things for itself.  Like
getting quite wet.
     So it was with rapt attention and great expectations that I
watched as Karen lost her black leotard, leaving her and Jane
both in only tights and bras.  Mary, meanwhile was practically
fully dressed, which made Leslie's near-nudity even more
apparant.  My heart jumped when Leslie lost the next hand, and I
felt that familiar tingling feeling as Karen got up to remove the
loser's panties.  I didn't doubt for a minute that a loser's
pussy would get the same treatment as her tits.
     Well, Leslie was just full of surprises.  Underneath the
black lace panties was a lacy black g-string, scarcely big enough
to cover Leslie's pubic patch.  Her brown pubic hair poked out
around the triangle of fabric.  As Karen sat down, obviously
disappointed, Jane asked "Where did you get that?"
     The answer wasn't terribly exotic.  "At Frederick's, at the
mall."  Leslie admitted, when pressed, that she had almost died
of embarassment buying the g-string.  Well, I was glad she had,
because now my imagination was working overtime (as if it needed
any furthur stimulation!)  I almost wanted to chew the thing off
of her myself.   
     But I caught my breath and settled in to watch the results
of the next hand.  Jane lost her tights.  I had to suppress a
giggle watching Leslie try to keep her G-string from falling off
while she pulled the tights down and off Jane's shapely legs. 
Now Jane was in just her bra and panties, and her magnificent
form was pretty much on display.  And I mean magnificent.  If you
took the best parts of all the other girls, you'd have Jane. 
Thru her filmy white bra, I could see her high, proud, yet heavy
breasts topped off with large, dark nipples.  Even when she'd
been wearing the tights, I had noticed her slim, well-
proportioned legs, and her flat belly and her attractively
rounded, (but not too rounded,) derriere.  And of course, her
long blond hair which flowed in beautiful waves down past her
shoulders.  Jane was the oldest of the group, almost sixteen, but
where the other three still looked like kids, Jane looked like an
adult.  She was only five-foot-five, but she had great carraige. 

     If this sounds like I was incredibly attracted to Jane, you
have got it right.   Just one look at her butt, more wide than
round, had me fantasizing about caressing it, stroking it,
spanking it.  Now that I had reconciled myself to my lesbian
tendencies, I was beginning to enjoy it.  And one day, I promised
myself, I would have Jane.  I didn't know how, but I would.     
Well, Mary lost her blouse on the next round, and Karen made a
great show of removing it.  Still, Mary was quite well covered
up, till sporting a halfslip and a camisole.  But without the
blouse, it was evident that Mary was bigger in certain dimensions
than I would have guessed, and I looked forward to having those
hidden dimensions exposed.
     Jane lost the next hand, and I was transfixed as Mary undid
Jane's bra from behind.  Mary did me a great favor and had Jane
do the same rotations as Leslie had performed, and with the same
carnival spiel about the wonders of Jane's chest.  And when Mary
again reached around from behind to play with Jane's nipples, I
simply could not keep my hand from my pussy.  By the time Jane's
two minutes were up, I was so worked up, I almost fell off the
chair.  Jane seemed shaky as she sat down to play another hand of
cards ... I was trembling, too.
     Mary lost her halfslip, and now her pantyhose-clad legs were
exposed.  Mary was the shortest of the girls, only five-foot-
three, with curly blond hair and a round, almost plain face. What
saved her from being terminally cute or terribly plain were high
cheek bones and her marvelous blue eyes.  They were set perfectly
astride a very lovely nose, and they were so big and so blue that
I could see them clearly even from twenty feet away.  She had
come dressed in a matronly fashion, rather stogy for a fifteen
year old, but somehow it fit her to look like that.  That she had
dressed in so much clothing made me think that she didn't care to
be naked among her peers ... yet she showed no reticence when she
removed her friend's clothing, even less so when she got to
fondle their private parts.  
     But if Mary had been looking forward to being the first to
completely disrobe someone tonight, she didn't have the luck to
pull it off.  For Jane had three aces, and Leslie didn't even
have a single pair, so Jane got to do the final honors.  Leslie
had been sitting in just her g-string for almost ten minutes now,
and she sensed what an anti-climax losing her panties would be,
so when Jane slipped the flimsy thing over her butt, Leslie
struck a stripper's pose, her butt way to the right, her
shoulders way to the left, her arms out to the sides.  Everyone
laughed.
     Jane pulled up a chair.  I had expected her to order Leslie
to bend over the chair, but instead, Jane sat down with her legs
tight together.  Leslie was ordred to sit on Jane's lap, her legs
straddling Jane's thighs, and her hands beneath her rump.  Then
Jane reached around and began playing with Leslie's breasts and
pussy.  With one hand, she caressed, stroked and pinched Leslie's
left nipple, occasionally reaching far enough around to do the
right breast as well.  With her other hand, Jane dug softly into
Leslie's cunt, meanwhile forcing Leslie's legs wider open by
opening her own legs.  
     Leslie was quite appreciative, and so was I.  Hers wasn't
the only pussy being worked on.  My hand was deep into my
shorts, my fingers playing with my own clit, bouncing it back and
forth.  As Leslie groaned and moved her head from side to side, I
felt the deep warmth begin to flow thru me.  When Jane's fingers
delved into the vaginal canal, and Leslie began to shudder and
cry out, I almost came, too.  But I caught myself, quieted myself
with deep breaths.  I didn't want to come too much, too soon.    
 My resolve didn't last long.  Jane lost the next hand to
Leslie.  Off came the bikini panties, and now the two were on the
chair, their positions reversed.  When Leslie reached around to
cup Jane's big, heavy tits, I thought I was going to die. It was
almost as if Leslie's hands were my own, as if I was getting the
chance to feel those tits, to feel the warmth of Jane's pussy, to
experience the jelly-like heat and yielding of her sweet insides.
As Leslie opened her legs, streching Jane's wide open, giving me
(and Mary and Karen, too,) a glimpse of both girls' moist, juicy
clefts, I felt my hand almost involuntarily reach down into my
shorts.  When Jane closed her eyes, it was all I could do to keep
mine open, for I felt I was feeling what she was feeling.  The
same excitement and exhilaration, the same crazy spinning feeling
as hot blood rushed thru my head and my pussy and my whole body.
My hand was Leslie and my pussy was Jane.  With my other arm,
still grasping the chair tightly, I pinched my own nipple thru my
t-shirt.
     I was gripping the chair and my pussy and my tit with
viselike intensity when Jane cried out loudly and began to climax
in earnest.  Her hips bucked against Leslie, her legs clamped
down to pull Leslie's shut, and she had pulled her hands free to
grab the chair behind her for support.  She spasmed back and
forth, her tits jiggling with jellylike rhythms, and the whole
sight and sound and experience sent me over the edge.  I clenched
my teeth and held my breath as the shock wave broke over me, and
I shivered so hard that I feared I would fall off the chair if I
didn't hold on tight as I could.
     When it was over, there were tears in my eyes from the
intensity of the orgasm.  It had been one of the most intense of
my life, mainly because I had to fight so hard to keep from being
discovered.  I was grateful for the release, grateful to my
sister for allowing me this opportunity.  But I was also in pain
from hanging on so tight.  
     When I finally looked up, Mary was removing Karen's black
tights.  On the next hand, Karen lost again, and Mary again won
the right to relieve the loser of her bra.  Karen was subjected
to the same routine of displaying herself while Mary game an
extended exposition of her bosomy charms.  And then Karen was
subjected to Mary's probings of her tits.  As Mary began to weigh
Karen's tits in her hands. Karen winked.  I think the others
thought it was for them, but I knew ...
     When the next hand was played, Leslie relieved Mary of her
pantyhose.  Another hand, and Karen lost her final garment to
Mary.  Mary took her time lowering Karen's panties, and she made
Leslie do the turning round-and-round routine.  There was no
spiel this time, instead Mary saved it for the moment when my
sister was perched on Mary's ample thighs.  As she made Karen's
legs spread wide and wider still, Mary pointed out Karen's
vaginal assets, the pouty inner lips, the distened clit, the lush
pinkness of Karen's innards.   
     This excited Karen, I could tell, for she fed on the
"humiliation" of the moment, of being put on exhibition.  I could
smell her excitedness from my hiding place.  Karen was "hot to
trot."  When Mary finally began fingering Karen, Karen was almost
instantly orgasmic.  And I sensed that Mary was getting off on
this as well, and as Karen began to build towards a second, more
intense climax, it became evident that Mary was losing her
composure, too.   Karen began to writhe hard against Mary's
chest.  In response, Mary arched forward to heighten the effect. 
Her big blue eyes closed tightly, and her breathing became as
ragged as Karen's.  Then they both cried out, Karen first, Mary
following a few seconds later.  And sat gasping for breath as
they both came down from their high.
     Nor was any of this lost on Leslie or Jane.  They were both
sitting naked, and while I could not see clearly where their
hands were, I suspected that they had been playing with
themselves thru this particular display.  Had I not just had such
a wrenching climax, I might have done the same.  As it was, I was
simply filled with adoration for the marvelous non-virgin who sat
with her legs still spread wide apart around her friend's legs,
and who, even as she gasped harshly for breath, looked up and
smiled at me.
     Resolutely, the girls continued the card game.  The cards
worked in favor of speeding up the game, for Mary lost three
times in a row.  Leslie got to remove the halfslip, and she did
not hesitate to make Mary's bra-clad tits bounce in the process.
Jane removed Mary's bra, and now Mary got tit for tat (so to
speak.)  Jane had Mary stand there with her arms out to the
sides, which brought Mary's big white tits to attention.  Though
Mary's big, rosy nipples weren't as dark as any of the others,
they stood out in stark contrast to her bone white skin.  When
her arms were down, her nipples pointed outward and slightly to
the sides;  with her arms up, they pointed upward but still
outwards.  
     When Jane got behind Mary, she reached under Mary's arms to
cup Mary's tits.  Mary's tits may have been big, but they were
still firm.  They held their shape while Jane played with them,
and Jane seemed to take delight in bobbling them in her hands. 
This Mary found more painful than pleasurable, and she looked
relieved when Jane moved on to play with the nipples.  The
centers got hard fast, and even from the distance I sat I could
see the centers actually distend and harden between Jane's
fingers.  I noted that Jane seemed less enthused about dallying
with Mary's tits than she had about fingering Leslie's cunt. And
Mary, for her part, seemed less than enthused about being
fondled.
     So I was prepared to be somewhat bored on the next hand,
when Karen won the right to relieve Mary of her final piece of
clothing.  Mary stood in the center of the pile of clothing, and
seemed nervous as Karen pulled down her waist-high panties.  Mary
was not fat, she was chunky, I noted, simply built wide and
round.  She did, indeed, narrow at the waist, and her belly was
almost, but not quite, flat.  But she was built round, with
melonlike breasts and matching rump.  When she sat down on
Karen's lap, legs astride Karen's, she looked positively massive. 
     Karen wasted no time in spreading both Mary's legs and
labia.  Mary's pubic hair was so sparse that her cunt looked
almost childlike, making me think of chubby round babies.  Karen
began with slow strokes along the insides of Mary's thighs, which
seemed more to Mary's tastes than having her tits fondled.  Soon
Karen was teasing Mary's clit, but Mary was still not responding
as the other girls had.  Mary allowed Karen to do anything she
wished, but apparantly Mary wasn't going to let herself go.     
I saw Karen's face spark, and she motioned to Jane to pick up her
nightcase.  Jane opened it up and held up some items one by one
and Karen shook her head at each one until the vibrator was
brought out.  (Among the items in there were some of the leather
thongs.  I wondered what else Karen had spirited out of my
closet.)  Mary had her eyes closed, didn't see the ten-inch,
penis shaped intrument.  It was as if she was trying to block out
the fact that others were watching.  
     Jane handed the vibrator to Karen.  Karen switched it on and
placed the instrument on Mary's nipple.  Mary's eyes opened wide,
aghast at the feel of the supple plastic against her breast. 
Then Karen began drawing it down to Mary's pubes, running it
along her thighs, along the sides of the vagina, then parting the
lips slightly with it.  Mary had again closed her eyes, and this
time her tounge was licking her lips.  Karen had found the right
instrument to take Mary over the edge.  I hoped she hadn't
forgotten my prohibition against insertion as I watched her move
the tickler up and down along Mary's wide open cleft.  
     And suddenly Mary seemed to catch fire.  As Karen brought
the vibrator to bear on Mary's clit, Mary started to writhe, to
moan, to shake.  Her big tits jiggled with a life of their own.
There were satisfied smiles on Jane's and Leslie's faces as Mary
began to respond wildly to the effects of the vibrator.  She
cried out when the climax hit her, her big blue eyes opening,
then closing again as she shook and thrusted and shook again. A
sudden spasm took her, and then she was relaxed again, save for
a slight quake as she caught her breath.  It was only then that I
noticed my sister kissing Mary's neck and ears, whispering things
to Mary which I could not quite hear.  And Mary was smiling. Not
a lot, but a definite smile.
     There was sudden applause from Jane and Leslie, who stood up
and came forward to embrace Mary.  I did not realize until later
that I had witnessed an auspicious occasion: Mary's first orgasm. 
Not just her first at a party, her first ever, anywhere, anytime. 
When Jane and Leslie lifted her off Karen, Karen had as dumb a
smile on her face as I'd ever seen.  Sort of like the cat who had
eaten the canary.  
     Jane and Leslie gently lowered Mary onto a mattress, and
gently began kissing her neck and ears.  (There seemed to be some
sort of prohibition against kissing on the lips, especially open
mouthed kissing.  Karen later said that some of the girls felt
that was just too close to being a lesbian.  When she told me
that, I simply looked skyward and laughed.)  Apparantly the
occasion warranted some celebration, and Mary's attitude seemed
to have taken a complete turnabout.  When Karen climbed between
her legs and began applying fingers and vibrator in liberal
dollaps to Mary's cunt, Mary responded avidly.  When Jane and
Leslie began fondling her tits, Mary pulled their heads to her
chest as if to welcome them.
     I suppose it sounds as if I wouldn't have been surprised by
anything that happenned that night, but I wasn't that jaded yet. 
I was a bit surprised, for example, when Jane began licking and
kissing and sucking on Mary's tits, even more so when Leslie
offered her chest to Mary's mouth and Mary accepted it.  But
Karen didn't go so far with Mary's cunt.  She settled for the
insertion of two of her fingers, which Mary handled with no
complaint.  Karen set up a slow rhythm of penetration and
withdrawal, remaining at a steady pace until Mary's hips began to
move in tandem.  It was hard to see any of Mary, but I could
certainly see the general effects, and I was getting rather hot
myself.  Watching Mary's great hips as their thrusts increased in
intensity and tempo, I found my own hips grining into the chair,
my legs splayed so that the rim of the chair was rubbing against
my clit.  I was aware of Karen's fingers disappearing into Mary's
cunt not so much by the vision as by the tremendous view of
Mary's hips rising from the mattress to meet my sister's digits.
   Suddenly, (orgasm always happens suddenly,) Mary was crying
out, and Leslie was kissing Mary's neck and stroking her hair. 
Jane continued to suck on Mary's nipples, and Karen continued
applying the vibrator to Mary's welcoming clit.  Then Mary was
actually screaming, her hands hard against Jane's head and
Leslie's hands.  And then the spasms hit, and she lurched
forward, lurched back, and I found myself joining her, again
expending the enourmous energy it took to hold in my cries of
release.  For twenty or thirty seconds, I felt my body go thru
spasm after spasm, and I hung on tight to the chair lest I fall.
     When I opened my eyes again, Jane and Leslie were drawn full
length against Mary's sides. Karen was still sitting between
Mary's legs, and she was stroking them fondly with one hand. 
With an incredible pixieish leer on her face, she licked her
fingers wantonly, drinking deep of the taste of Mary's hot
vaginal juices.  

     The call of nature hit me then, and I quietly left thru the
storm door.  When I returned, the girls were again playing cards,
now for the very biggest stakes of the night.  Each winner won
the right to be dressed by the loser, and the loser had to be one
of the naked girls.  The last girl left naked was then the "big
loser," and was at the mercy of the others for the rest of the
night.  At least, that was what Karen had told me.
     Well, it was that and more.  The pile of clothes had been
pushed aside and four nightgowns sat in a pile in the center of
the ring of mattresses.  The game went on for a while, for now
the rules for winning and losing were different.  The winner had
to have at least three of a kind, the loser had to have not even
one pair, and the other two girls had to have at least one pair. 
So they got to sit around naked for quite a while.  It was ten
minutes before Mary won with three Queens (appropriatte, I
thought,) and Karen lost.
     The ritual I had expected was still many minutes away.  The
rules had changed quite a bit, I found.  For Mary ordered Karen
onto her knees, and Mary sat on a chair, with her legs spread
wide.  Karen was told to put her hands behind her back and clasp
her hands, and walk on her knees over to where Mary sat.  These
directions, mind you, came not from Mary, but from Jane and
Leslie.  That was what made this part of their game so different
from its beginnings.  Neither the winner or the loser knew what
they would be ordered to do.
     When Karen reached Mary, Leslie said, "Now kiss Mary's
thighs."  Karen began doing this, and Jane said, "Mary, play with
your breasts."  Mary and Karen enthusiastically followed their
orders, and I think Mary might have climaxed had she not been so
thoroughly satisfied already.  When about three or four minutes
had passed, Karen was ordered to turn around, spread her knees
and bend over.  Mary was handed the vibrator and ordered to
apply it to Karen's cunt, which sent Karen almost instantly into
orgasm.  
     When Jane and Leslie had decided that Karen had had enough,
my sister was ordered to retrieve Mary's nightgown.  Mary was
asked to stand up, and Karen was handed a powder puff.  After
applying the puff to almost every inch of Mary's body from the
neck down,  Karen was allowed to dress Mary in the nightgown.    
   The three naked girls sat down to play the next round of
cards.  Mary sat watching, rather near Karen, I noticed.  They
had to play five hands before the cards fell acceptably.  Leslie
came up the "winner," and my sister was again the "loser."     
Mary and Jane conferred, which looked rather ridiculous, Jane
being naked and Mary covered to her toes by her nightgown.  Jane
retrieved her nightcase, which was one of those soft, long nylon
bags, and brought out something I had only seen in
magazines.  I stared in wonderment as Jane held up a two foot
long double dildo.
     Karen asked "Where did you get that?"  A question that was
on my mind, too, I might add.  Jane said she found it while
rummaging around in her attic.  When pressed, she admitted to
using it for solo excitement.  But I felt her explanation rather
lame, and thought that perhaps there were secrets Jane had been
keeping from her friends.  Secrets which made her all the more
desireable to me. 
     Jane's orders to Karen and Leslie were simple and direct. 
She coated the dildo with jelly (medicinal variety, thank you,)
and handed it to Leslie saying, "As the saying goes, girls, go
fuck yourselves!"  Leslie and Karen both rolled their eyes at
Jane's coyness, but in seconds, they were down on the mattress
caressing each other's tits and cunts, preparing each other for
the insertion.
     When they both felt ready, they went through a clumsy bit of
positioning, for the dildo was not terribly flexible.  After a
few minutes of frustration and bemusement, Karen grabbed the
middle of the dildo and slowly forced it into her moist and
willing cunt.   Bending forward slightly, Karen held the other
end pointing upwards so that Leslie could lower herself onto the
instrument.  Leslie was very tentative about the penetration,
uncomfortable with the squatting position it was leaving her in. 
But when her rump hit the mattress, she found she could stretch
her legs, and she lay them over Karen's. Karen began playing with
her own clit, and Leslie took the cue.  
     Soon their hips were moving, writhing, thrusting.  Karen was
very into it, it seemed, more so than Leslie, and I could see her
belly muscles flexing, aiding her vaginal muscles in working the
dildo into the familiar in-and-out motion.  Leslie picked up the
rhythm and soon the girls were moaning and groaning.  Leslie,
particullarly, was particullarly vocal, saying "Oh, it feels so
good, Karen," and "Harder, Harder, harder!"  Karen was more into
the feel of the event, but Leslie's utterances only hieghtened
her excitement.  Jane sat there watching with an adoring smile on
her face;  Mary simply looked on in stunned wonderment.
     Then Karen grabbed at the mattress beneath her and began to
shudder hard and fast, her cries coming in short, shrill gasps. 
Her vaginal muscles clenching and releasing caused the dildo to
move in rapid piston motion.  The sudden change in tempo and
intensity had its effect on Leslie's body, and suddenly she, too,
was grasping at the mattress and rocking in noisy orgassm.  When
it was over, they lay panting, and they reached out to hold each
other's hands.  But neither made a move to remove themselves from
the impaling device.
     After a minute went by, Jane suggested that they get on with
the game.  Leslie didn't want to get up, so Karen let Leslie lay
on the mattress while she powdered and gowned her.
     Now the final hand.  Karen and Jane, sitting crosslegged at
the ends of one mattress, faced each other as they dealt the
cards.  Mary and Leslie watched avidly from the sidelines. 
Karen, as the previous loser, dealt the cards, and she took her
time.  Jane threw two cards, Karen three, and Karen ended up with
three deuces to Jane's two kings.  Jane was the night's "big"
loser.
     For the moment, however, Mary and Leslie were calling the
shots.  Having been invaded by the two-headed monster already,
Leslie was not averse to suggesting it for the next escapade. 
This time, however, the naked girls were called upon to do a
sixty-nine until Leslie judged that they were good and ready.
She ordered Jane to bend over on hands and knees on one mattress,
and ordered Karen to do the same.  "And spread your legs, girls!"
Leslie added.  Then she directed Mary to turn Karen's mattress
until Karen's upturned rump and wide spread asscheeks faced
Jane's equally exposed derriere.  Leslie pushed Jane's mattress
so that it abutted the wall, then had Mary move to the far end of
Karen's mattress.  Leslie spread jelly on the dildo's ends, and
stood between the two naked rumps.  
     On signal, Mary began to push Karen's mattress slowly
towards Jane, until the tips of the dildo just brushed against
each girls's love tunnel.  Slowly, Leslie worked the dildo into
Jane's cunt, until two inches of it had dissappeared.  Then Mary
pushed Karen closer, and Leslie worked the ramrod an inch or so
into my sister's cleft.  Mary kept pushing slowly.  When the two
mattresses met, Leslie had placed at least six inches of each end
into Jane and Leslie's bodies.  The effect of this was not lost
on either girl, and Leslie heightened the sensations by grabbing
the phallus and rotating it side to side.  Soon Karen was again
thrusting her hips back and forth, and I could see her belly
quivering.  And the sight of both girls' ample breasts swinging
back and forth beneath them in eccentric rhythm.  Most exciting,
though, was the total obeisance of their poses.  It ignited real
fire in me, and concrete plans as well.  I wondered whether Jane
would enjoy being Karen's sister in slavery.
     Once the two girls got going, Leslie and Mary sat back to
watch, with the additional order that Karen and Jane each do
whatever they needed to do to reach a climax.  Karen reached back
with one hand and massaged her clit, occasionally reaching to
grab at the dildo and work it further in and out.  This gave
additional stimulation to both girls, and it was all Jane needed
to send her quickly over the edge.  When orgasm hit, Jane cried
out, arching her back and raising her arms off the ground.  Her
tits swung crazily back and forth as she bucked against both the
driving rod and her own body's convulsions.  Karen took only a
minute longer to hit climax, and the two young women fell to
their mattresses with a shudder and a sigh. Despite the fall,
they remained connected by the long, thick, double-headed
invader.
     And I came, too.  The sight of Karen, who I loved, and Jane,
who I coveted, sent me over the edge.  I was rubbing my clit hard
against my palm, and drove two fingers deep into my own canal. 
Again, for the third time, I had to hold my breath and still my
cries for fear of being heard.  When I regained some semblance of
control, my face was wet with the tears and sweat of my strain.  
   When I finally looked out, Karen was in her nightgown.  Like
Leslie's, it was rather flimsy but not transparent, and it
reached just far enough down not to be indecent ... in most
circumstances.  Jane was sitting curled up on her mattress, still
naked, her legs drawn up to her chest, a sweet smile of satiation
on her face.  The three others were determining what Jane would
have to do as the "big" loser.  After the three had conferred a
while, Karen was sent to get her bag, and she drew from it the
leather thongs I had seen Jane hold up earlier.  Karen was
learning her lessons, all right.  I knew exactly what she had in
mind.
     Karen had Jane stand up, and made her spread her legs.  As I
had done the night before, Karen tied a thin strand of leather
around Jane's waist, then tied the thicker strand to the
waistband at Jane's back, and drew the thong thru Jane's legs. 
Then she looped it around Jane's neck, and tied a knot so that it
made a long, unthreatening loop around Jane's neck.  "Let me show
you how this works," Karen announced to the other two girls.  She
grabbed at the thong where it passed between Jane's breasts, and
moved it side to side, pulling it taut so that it moved Jane's
clit and outer lips side to side.  This motion made Jane twitch
at first, but soon it began to excite her, especially when Mary
and Leslie were invited to come up and play with Jane's tits. 
Karen moved behind Jane to give the other girls some room, and
soon Jane was coming once again.  They had her raise her arms
over Karen's and Leslie's necks so they could support her when
her legs gave out.  When her orgasm was fully over, they sat her
in the chair and read her the rules of her servitude.
     It was Mary who delivered the decree.  "You will remain
naked all night, save for the harness we have placed you in.  You
will serve us all as we decide, no matter what we ask you to do. 
If we send you upstairs you may wear a robe, but you may not tie
it shut.  If Karen's sister sees you, you may hold it shut.  You
must do anything we ask, but you retain a right of appeal. If you
refuse to perform some task, and if the one who asks is willing
to perform that task, you must then perform it too.  If she
refuses, you are relieved of that task.  If she was the object of
that task, and you appeal, that task will be performed on you. 
You may not refuse anyone from touching you in any manner they
choose."
     Jane nodded in acquiesence.  None of this was new to her,
(and after her fling with the double dildo, I figured there was
nothing to be done that night which she would object to.)  She
was invited back down onto the mattresses, where they allowed her
to draw a sheet over her shoulders.  And then they went back to
talking about boys and schools and girls and makeup and clothes
and movies.  After a while, they put a film (some horror thing,)
into the VCR and pretended to watch it while they continued
talking.  Jane was just as animated and involved in the
conversation as were the others, which was understandable among
these four.  It was more an honor than a curse to be the "big"
loser in this crowd.  Occasionally, one of the girls would reach
out and cushion Jane's breast with her hand, or pat her on the
rump, or pull lightly on the harness.  
     Ten minutes into the movie, I decided I needed a rest.  My
back and neck were tired simply from watching the proceedings, so
I got up, streched, and ambled up thru the storm door and back up
to my parents' bedroom.

     For almost two hours, I could still hear the raucous sounds
of the girls talking and laughing.  Shortly after eleven thirty,
though, there was a period of silence.  I pulled my robe on and
made my way back to the porch.  Quietly letting myself into the
utility room, I moved to my chair.  The lights were still on.    
   Jane was seated on a mattress, her hands tied behind her with
a leather thong.  Her arms had thongs tied about them just below
the shoulders, and those thongs were tied to the legs of the
chair.  The chair also straddled her legs so that she was
effectively pinned to the ground and the chair.
     One by one, the other girls took turns sitting in the chair,
draping their legs over Jane's back and presenting their wide
open pussies for servicing.  Jane gave each one a thourough
tounging, and even Mary, (who didn't climax this time,) seemed to
have enjoyed the experience.  Karen, as you might imagine, went
simply wild with ecstacy.  
     When each girl had taken a turn, they untied Jane's arms and
made her bend so that her chest lay flat on the chair seat. They
made her reach around the chair legs with her arms and tied her
hands to the legs of the chair.   They made Jane straddle the
chair with her legs as best she could, and then bound her legs to
the chair with the ties from Jane's own robe.  Karen, as you
might imagine, was the director of this caper, having learned her
lessons by being on the other end of the rope, so to speak.  I
was filled with admiration for my sister, and delighted in the
sight of Jane, whom I also lusted after, so helplessly bound up.
     Karen handed Mary the vibrator, and Leslie greased up the
dildo.  Mary lay on the floor looking up at Jane's raised and
vulnerable butt, and began applying the vibrator to Jane's pussy. 
Then Leslie kneeled to one side of the chair, and began to slowly
inch the dildo into Jane's moist, inviting cleft.  And Karen
stood to the other side, simply watching the goings on.  I
wondered if she was content simply to observe and direct.  I
couldn't quite picture her that way.
     As it turned out, she was simply waiting for the proper
moment.  When Jane began to respond with animated rapture, Karen
raised her palm slightly and gave Jane's but a good, solid swat.
     Jane screamed, raising her head to cry out.  Mary and Leslie
continued their activities as if nothing had happened, (although
Leslie quickly changed her position to get out of Karen's
swatting range.)  Karen reached down and caressed both of Jane's
spread, flattened cheeks.
     Then she delivered another swat, then another, alternating
from right to left rump, until ten swats had been delivered. 
Jane's response was incredible.  She seemed to stiffen against
Karen's blows, and fought at her bonds.  But when Karen stopped,
Jane went wild, bucking her hips against the instrument being
ramrodded in and out of her now dripping cunt.  Both Mary and
Leslie held to their tasks, while Karen moved to Jane's side and
began kissing and caressing Jane's neck, shoulders, and back.    
 Jane came with a wrenching cry, a shuddering spasm.  The chair
shook beneath her, and Leslie felt the dildo being pulled from
her hand by the force of Jane's vaginal muscles.  Then Jane
shuddered again, and with a reverse thrust, the dildo went flying
from her body.  But Mary held the vibrator to Jane's clit, and
Jane found her orgasm extended into a long, drawnout series of
body wrenching, enervating climaxes.  When Mary finally removed
the vibrator, Jane simply collapsed in exhaustion.  
     Then they untied poor Jane and let her lay on her mattress
to rest.

     Needless to say, I was getting pretty close to exhaustion
myself.  I was too tired to climax while watching this scene, but
it was not for lack of trying.  Even after Jane was untied, I was
standing there in the dark corners, thinking about what I had
seen and trying desperately to bring myself off.  The strain of
having to be quiet while doing this made it almost impossible to
succeed.  After about ten minutes or so, I gave up.
     I straggled to my feet and stretched my tired muscles.  I
ached to be alone (or with Karen,) and be able to come as
exposively as I wished, so I left the utility room and locked the
storm door behind me.  I came off the porch into the kitchen,
where, earlier in the evening, I had drawn the shades.  I was
stripping off the robe as I crossed the kitchen. Without
thinking, by the time I reached the hallway, I had pulled my t-
shirt off as well.  I was out of my shorts by the time I reached
the stairs, and I went straight to the bathroom to answer
nature's call.  
     I was on my way to my room when I decided I wanted something
to drink.  Without thinking, I tossed the robe over my shoulders
and ran downstairs.  I approached the door to the kitchen, the
robe covering nothing as it blew back behind me.  
 