Archive-name: Family/siskar02.txt
Archive-author: Black Knight
Archive-title: My Sister, My Slave


                 II:  KAREN AND HER FRIENDS 

     Thus began my lifelong affair with bondage and discipline,
and, as well, my longterm affair with my sister.  For as it
turned out, we found we were both in love with each other.  Not
just because of our complementary tastes in sexual roles, either. 
Karen liked the music I liked, she liked a lot of the things I
liked to do (like art museums and volleyball.)  I helped her with
her homework, she helped me study for my exams.  If it hadn't
been for her friends and the boys who were courting her, we would
have been inseperable.  Still, we both found time for our
friends, even for dating, (Karen more than me, as usual,) and, as
you will see, later, we even incorporated some of those
experiences into our games.
     As to those "games", though Karen's role was that of a
willing submissive, she was also an enthusiastically active
participant in other ways. I think she knew just how hard it was
to set up a scene and play it thru, for I frequently found random
notes and pictures torn from magazines stuck in my diary or
schoolbooks.  They could be there for no other reason than to
suggest that I try them on her.    
     After that first bondage session, Karen never again made her 
old brand of trouble around the house.  And I found that I no
longer had to be stern with her.  It must have seemed strange to
our parents, who had come to expect our bickering as a tenet of
existence, to see us laughing and giggling, sitting together
watching TV, tossing popcorn at each other.  I now had an outlet
for my sterness which did not have to be punishment, and Karen no
longer had to provoke me to end up being spanked.

     For the next three months or so, our sessions were pretty
much like the our first.  When we wished to instigate a session,
Karen would "do something bad."  I would announce that she
needed a talking-to, and would order Joey, if he were around,
down into the basement to watch TV.  Then Karen would be marched
up to my room where I would have her strip for me, put on the
black choker, and assume some sort of position which made her
buttocks humiliatingly accessible. I would then stroke her with
hand and paddle until she was begging me to let her eat my pussy,
or make her come.  Karen's seemingly insatiable libido was a
constant source of surprise to me.  I had never been as wild as
she, and if any of my friends were, well, I didn't know about it.
     Also quite surprising was how her libido affected me.  In
the course of spanking her, I was getting as hot as a bitch in
heat.  As much as I enjoyed sex with boyfriends, (and I did enjoy
it, quite orgiastically, make no mistake,) nothing had prepared
me for how hot I could become for my kid sister.  Sometimes, when
I would step back and look at her naked and bound, I felt mixed
emotions about how defenseless and vulnerable she looked.  Mixed
because my love for her touched my heart while at the same time
my lust for her fed my evil instincts to cause her pain.
     In those three months, I became rather inventive in devising
ways to bind Karen up.  One time, she was bound on the bed, but
facing the mirror not the headboard, with her head propped up so
that she could see herself spreadeagled and tied down.  I would
also prop her buttocks up with two pillows, so that she could see
the slaps fall.  That time was interesting, too, for I made her
come without touching her at all, simply by arranging the pillows
so that they pressed tightly on her clit.  Then, after pointing
out just how helpless she was, I ordered her to come by her own
devices.  I will never forget the sight of her writhing against
the leather thongs, forcing her cunt against the pillows as hard
as she was able, her shapely round rear bouncing up and down
against the pillows, her head writhing back and forth, her tits
quivering beneath her.  
     Another time, I had her tied with her ankles and wrists
bound together, her wrists bound to the headboard, her ankles to
the end of the bed.  She was utterly at my mercy, and I would
roll her over on her stomach, give her twenty swats with my palm,
then turn her over to let her lay on her abraded rear. 
Meanwhile, I would play with her tits, her cunt, occasionally
delivering a swat to her flanks or thighs.  Then it would be onto
her stomach again, and another twenty swats, to be followed by a
relaxing backrub which ended in another ten swats to her rump.  I
know it must be hard to beleive that Karen enjoyed this, and it
took me a several months to become accustomed to it.  But enjoy
it she did.  That was a wonderful evening in other ways, for Joey
was away with a friend, and we had the house all to ourselves for
the entire evening.  I made her tounge me to orgasm three times
("I distinctly said noo teeth, Karen, and I mean it!") that
night, straddling her chest; twice facing her, once facing her
cunt, so that my anus was in her face.  Though her ankles were
bound, her knees were not, and she managed to open her legs wide
enough for me to taste her pussy-juice.  
     In the afterglow which followed our lovemaking (whether it
involved the full bondage treatment or not,) we would exchange
stories of all the things we had never shared.  I would tell
Karen of my experiences with boys, and Karen, who had only been
dating boys for a year (after all, she was fifteen, for heaven's
sake,) would tell me of the slumber parties and other situations
in which she had garnered some degree of lesbian schooling.
     I keep using the word amazed, but that is exactly what I
felt as Karen talked of strip poker slumber parties, losers being
made to masturbate in full view of the others, ("Do you have any
idea how hard that can be?  It took Jane almost ten minutes one
time ...") and at one such debauchery, the loser had to manually
masturbate the winner ("Heck, I wanted to do it to all of them!) 
At one point, Karen even said, "Gee, you seem surprised, sis!" 
Surprised?  I was astonished.  I had never had such experiences
with my friends.  We had done each other's hair, played around
with clothes, talked about boyfriends, what I thought of as the
usual "teen girl stuff."  We had seen one another naked, but
never attached any significance to it.  I wondered who among
Karen's friends had instigated such goings-on.
     So I asked her.  "Who started all this?"  It did seem that
Karen's experiences were limited to three particular friends,
Mary, Leslie, and Jane.  I would've put my money on Jane who, it
seemed to me, was a type who would try anything, anytime.  But
Jane also seemed the least likely to come up with an original
thought, but then you never know.  Mary and Leslie would probably
go along with what others in the group suggested, but they would
have to be coaxed.  Then I asked myself, who had engineered all
the events which had led to our special relationship?  Why Karen,
of course, who now sat blushing in response to my question.

     It didn't take much to get Karen to tell me all about the
slumber parties.  While she said she didn't want to talk about
them, I could see in her eyes that it was just a fient.  All I
had to do was threaten never to spank her again.  to Karen, that
was the more dreadful possibility.
     The seminal night for Karen's group took place when she and
her friends were thirteen and they were having a slumber party at
Jane's house.  They were still in their day clothes, watching
movies on the VCR.  When the first one finished, the girls looked
thru the pile of tapes Jane had brought down from the living
room.  These were movies taped from cable so they had to rely on
her parents' scratchy handwriting.  They picked one which said
"COMEDY" on it, and popped it in.
     Well, it may have been funny, Karen reported, but it wasn't
meant to be just a comedy.  There weren't any credits and the
quality wasn't very good, it was probably dubbed from a another
copy.  But you didn't need crisp images to figure out what was
going on.  There were two women and two men, sitting on the
floor, playing cards.  And every time someone lost, the loser
took off a piece of clothing.  The participants weren't wearing
much, so it wasn't long before most of the quartet were naked or
nearly so.
     "Shut it off," Mary said, but Karen, (I should have known,)
said no, and Leslie and Jane seconded that motion.  Mary remained
uncomfortable as they watched the tape play out a rather standard
porno scenario.  The girls were naked first, of course, Karen
reporting that they were attractive, but not of movie star
caliber.  The guys coaxed the two girls into making out with each
other, which made Mary cringe.  Leslie and Jane giggled, but
Karen said she was getting hot, and not just under the collar. 
The girls in the movie did a 69, and then the guys returned and
got sucked off, and the finale had the guys balling the girls
doggie style while the girls traded kisses.  By this time, Leslie
and Jane were no longer giggling; they were strangely silent. 
Mary was still acting as if she wasn't interested, but Karen was
sure she saw Mary's hand disappearing beneath her skirt.  
     "Well," Karen said, "There may have been more on the tape,
but I think Mary would have died if we had watched the rest of it
then.  So Jane turned it off.  Everyone was real quiet, until I
asked Jane if she had a deck of cards around."
     "I suggested that we get ready for bed by playing strip
poker.  Jane liked the idea, Leslie went along with it, too.  So
we all turned our eyes on Mary."
     "Mary said she'd play on one condition, and that was that
there'd be no touching each other.  Leslie said 'Sure, what did
you think we meant?" which may have been true for Jane and her,
but it wasn't entirely true for me."
     "So we sat on the floor.  As it turned out, noone really
knew how to play poker, so we decided to play a four-handed game
of war, with the lowest card shown being the loser.  For our
purposes, this was great, because it wouldn't take so long.  At
Mary's urging, Jane locked the basement door.  It didn't turn out
to be necessary, but it wasn't a bad idea at that."
     "We dealed the first hand, and Leslie lost.  She wanted to
take off just one shoe, but we all decided that in the interest
of time, shoes and socks counted in pairs only.  Before we went
on, we decided we'd better have some rules.  It took us just a
few minutes to decide the shoes and socks rule, and that jewelry
and watches and berets and hairclips didn't count."
     "'So what happens when you're already naked?  What then?'
Jane asked.  We decided that you had to remain naked until
everyone else was, and that once that happened, if you won, you
got to put on your nightie.  'And the last one to be naked?'
Leslie said, 'there oughta be something she should do for
losing.'"
     Mary didn't agree that this was true, Karen reported, but
Karen and Jane and Leslie sort of ganged up and persuaded her. 
They settled on each girl writing down something the loser should
do, and they put the pieces in a basket.  When the cards had been
played out, the loser would choose from the basket.
     So they began to play, and soon there were socks and shoes
and skirts and t-shirts all over the place.  Mary, who had been
reluctant to play, found that the cards ran her way all thru the
game.  By the time Leslie and Jane and Karen were down to panties
and bras and little else, Mary had only lost her T-shirt.  
     "Even though we had seen each other naked only a few months
ago," Karen said, "There was something about the game and the
film which made it sort of dangerous and exciting.  So when
Leslie took off her bra, I felt myself start to get wet ... And I
was next, and I was sure the others must have seen that my
panties were wet.  After Mary lost her jeans, Leslie lost her
panties, and she blushed as they came off.  Since we had said
that only the lowest card had to remove clothing, it took a while
for the rest of us to get naked.  Leslie lost twice before Jane
and I each lost a hand, and there we were, the three of us naked
with Mary still having to lose two hands to join us.  It took
almost five minutes before Mary lost her bra, and with the three
of us already naked, she seemed less embarassed than I had
expected.  Fortunately, (because I was getting cold sitting
around bare assed,) Mary lost right away, and now we were all
naked."
     "We got out our nighties, and began to play to get dressed. 
I won the first hand, and the second.  Then Mary won, and that
left Jane and Leslie sitting there naked.  Well, the cards ran my
way and Mary's way, and you could see the tension running high in
Jane and Leslie.  Leslie was sort of gnawing at her nails, and
Jane just looked sort of spacey as hand after hand Mary and I
drew high cards."
     "Finally, Leslie drew a king, and none of us could match it,
so Leslie got to put her nightgown on, which she did very
rapidly.  Which left poor Jane sitting there buck naked, and very
nervous.  But Jane'll try anything, and she was willing to go the
distance.  We gave her the basket and let her choose."
     "Jane pulled out a piece of paper and opened it.  She
seemed a bit putoff by the choice, which stipulated that she must
remain naked all night, and had to serve each of the other girls
soda and snacks when asked.  'Do I have to?' she asked, and we
said, yes, she had to.  And we said she could hide under covers
and make like she was changing if her parents had to look in."
     "Then Leslie was curious about what else was on the tape, so
she turned it back on.  I guess it was a feature film, because
there were scenes where fully dressed people were simply talking.
It had something to do with gambling, since there were scenes in
casinos, and there were even some cops and robber chases.  But
none of those scenes lasted very long, and inbetween there were a
lot of five and ten minute sequences where someone was doing
something sexy.  Like there was one where a blond lady was
masturbating, and sticking things into her cunt.  And one where
two guys were getting it on with one girl, like taking it from
behind while she sucked the other guy's cock."
     "Mary seemed much less upset now than before, seemed just as
interested as Jane and Leslie and I.  I think the sex stuff made
Jane even more concious of being naked, cause her nipples got
hard.  She was cute, too, and I found myself staring at her tits
a lot.  Especially when the film showed two more women getting it
on, with a lot of kissing and a lot of breast kissing and a lot
of cunt kissing.  Geez, I was getting hot watching that."
     "During the other scenes, we talked about things we had
seen, what we knew from our older brothers and other friends. 
Leslie had been to a camp last summer, and she told us about
panty raids and making out.  We cajoled her into telling us about
her own make-out experiences, which included a lot of petting
with a boyfreind.  'Did you let him touch you there?' Jane asked,
pointing to her own chest, and Leslie blushed, so we knew she
had.  When pressed, all Leslie could say was that it had felt
good."
     "Leslie told us a couple of stories about camp, one about a
trip to a nearby lake, where the girls' dressing rooms had a
peephole into the boys' showers.  And how one night she and some
campmates had spied on two counselors making out in the woods. 
Jane asked if Leslie had ever seen two girls doing what we'd seen
in the video.  She said she hadn't."
     "Well, we talked until it was getting really late.  Jane's
parents said goodnight, but didn't come down at all.  It was an
hour before we were asleep.  But I wasn't sleeping, I was
thinking of Jane naked, and what the women had done in the video. 
I pulled my nightshirt up to my neck, and I played with my tits
and pussy, hoping the other girls wouldn't notice."
     "And suddenly, there was Jane, under the covers with me,
and she put her hand over my mouth and whispered 'May I?'  I
didn't know what she meant, but I didn't care, either.  So we
masturbated together, and she lay on her side, pressing her chest
against mine, and I could feel the hardness of her nipple against
my tits.  And she was breathing heavily into my ear.  At one
point, she reached for my hand, and held it to my pussy and
whispered 'touch me.'  And I did, and she did it to me, and it
didn't take too long to hit orgasm.  I gasped, and Jane gasped
just a little bit later."
     "And then the lights went on!  Leslie was at the switch, and
Mary was just staring from her mattress.  I was so scared, I
thought for sure that they'd never talk to Jane or me again.  But
Leslie just pulled off her nightgown, and sat down next to us,
and SHE began playing with herself.  For a moment, I thought Mary
would start screaming.  She grimaced, as if she couldn't or
wouldn't believe what was going on.  And then she shrugged her
shoulders, smiled, and quit fighting it.  She pulled off her
gown, lay there with her legs spread, and masturbated with the
rest of us.  Then we finally went to sleep."
     
     And that was how it started.  Karen's clique continued to
have their slumber parties, every two months or so.  The strip
game became a standard, and they all learned poker to accomodate
it, but some of the rules changed as time went on.  The girls
became more adventurous, and the tenor of the game reflected
that.  For instance, the losing hand not only had to remove a
piece of clothing, but had to let the winning hand remove it. 
When the bra came off, the winner got to play with the newly
revealed tits.  When panties were lost, the loser was not only
naked, but had to perform two minutes of whatever activity the
winner directed.  And the last girl to lose her panties became
the "big loser" of the game, and had to do whatever the other
three said.
     I didn't realize how strong my lesbian tendencies were until
Karen began describing some of the more recent parties.  I knew
all Karen's friends, and hearing about all this clandestine sex-
uality made me one horny bitch.  It was several evenings before I
got the full story.  I could only stand to hear about an hour of
Karen's narrative before I had to have Karen's sweet pussy and
have her have me.   I could scarcely believe that all this was
going on practically under my nose.   All four girls were still
dating boys, and I wondered how much of their game was just
adolescent experimentation and if any would carry on into
adulthood.  Of course, I was only eighteen, and I could argue
that my relationship with Karen was also simply an adolescent
experiment.  But it didn''t feel that way.
     Anyway, from Karen's reports of recent parties, it was clear
that there wasn't any sexual activity between women these girls
hadn't tried.  For instance, the last time Karen had been the
loser, she had been ordered to tounge each of the others to
orgasm.  Then she was ordered to fuck herself with her fingers,
and then with a cucumber covered with a condom.  For the rest of
the evening, she remained naked, and had to allow herself to be
touched wherever and wherever and by whoever wanted to.  It
sounded humiliating ... and Karen had loved it.  
     Another time, Mary lost, and they blindfolded her and tied
her hands together out over her head while she lay on her
stomach.  Then each of the girls had taken a turn sitting on
Mary's hands.  Mary's job, of course, was to masturbate them
each to orgasm.  Simple enough, except that while Karen was being
fingered, Leslie would sit on Mary's back and massage her back
and sides and even her tits.  And Jane would sit between Mary's
legs and play with her pussy.  
     I decided that I wanted to see one of these parties in
action.  Karen had never hosted one, and for no particullarly
good reason.  Unless it was that my parents preferred having
Karen out on weekends than hosting a party.  Karen was excited by
the idea of hostessing, but she worried that her friends would
feel threatened by my presence.  While I would have loved to
participate, I respected Karen's view.  Besides, I thought it
might be fun just to watch.  That alleviated Karen's fears, and
we made plans to allow me to do just that.
--
