
From ddaily@digiforest.com Wed Jun 18 23:46:52 1997
Path: news.jb.com!news-out.internetmci.com!pull-feed.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!howland.erols.net!feed1.news.erols.com!news1.netusa.net!qz!news.accessus.net!not-for-mail
From: "Mr. Bungle" <cwilson9@ix.netcom.com>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories.moderated,alt.sex.stories
Subject: RP Story - Sound Sleeper (m/f, nc, teen)
Followup-To: alt.sex.stories.d
Date: 22 May 1997 01:13:11 GMT
Organization: The Committee To Thwart Spam
Lines: 138
Approved: <usenet-approval@qz.little-neck.ny.us>
Message-ID: <851eli$9705212111@qz.little-neck.ny.us>
NNTP-Posting-Host: alpha.netusa.net
X-Archived-At: <URL:http://www.netusa.net/~eli/erotica/assm/Year97/851>
X-Path-Preload: news.accessus.net preloaded to thwart rogue canceller there
X-Moderator-Contact: Eli the Bearded <story-admin@qz.little-neck.ny.us>
X-Story-Submission: <story-submit@qz.little-neck.ny.us>
Xref: news.jb.com alt.sex.stories.moderated:319 alt.sex.stories:204190


SOUND SLEEPER (m/f, nc, inc)

     by CW


     Kevin honestly hadn’t planned for it to happen. It just happened. And
all because his sister fell asleep in front of the TV with no panties on.
     He had just gotten home from seeing a late movie with some of his
high-school buddies. It was around one, and as he walked through the living
room he noticed his younger sister Katie sitting zonked out their father’s
recliner. It looked like she had fallen asleep while watching some old movie.
     She was wearing an oversized T-shirt that she liked to lounge around in,
and as Kevin went to turn off the television, he noticed to his surprise that
she didn’t appear to be wearing anything else. Her shirt had risen up and her
legs were slightly apart, and he could only see a mysterious patch of
darkness where he had expected to see the white flash of her cotton panties.
     He became rather curious, and after turning off the TV, he decided to get
a better look. Katie was a notoriously deep sleeper, and only the loudest of
noises or the strongest of shakes could wake her up. So, Kevin had little fear
of her awakening as he knelt down at her feet and brought his face to within
a foot of his sister’s crotch. It was still too dark for him to see much of
anything, so he reached out and carefully lifted the hem of her shirt, slowly
exposing her neat blonde bush to his disbelieving eyes.
     He had never seen a girl’s pussy up close before, and he lowered his
gaze down to the thin fleshy split of her cunt lips, thoroughly entranced by
the view. He felt guilty that he was getting so turned-on by looking at his
sister’s twat, but the sight of Katie’s delicate little pussy in front of his
face was irresistible, and Kevin suddenly had to know if she tasted as sweet
as she looked.
     His head began to swim as he inched his head slowly forward until his
lips brushed her tender slit. He froze as he felt Katie suddenly shift in her
chair. She tried to move her legs closer together but his head was in the way,
and her soft thighs squeezed his head for a moment before she gave up and
continued to sleep soundly.
     Kevin waited for a few moments before he extended his tongue and ran
it up the length of her moist pussy lips, gently unfolding and opening them
with his slick tongue. Katie didn’t move, so he began licking her with more
boldness, slurping at his sister’s young slit with growing excitement.  He
knew that he shouldn’t be doing this, but it felt so natural that he couldn’t
have stopped even if he tried. His cock was throbbing and straining at the
front of his jeans, and he felt a drop of slippery pre-cum ooze out, coating
the head of his dick.
     Katie’s pussy was beginning to respond to his eager licking and sucking.
He felt her lips swelling and growing hotter as her twat became more and
more excited, her sweet juices starting to flow onto his probing tongue. He
had no idea what he would say if she suddenly woke up, but he was getting
too horny to care.
     He spread her legs open a bit further, giving him better access to her
juicy box. He pushed his tongue deep inside her, his hands holding her hips
steady in case she moved again.  Kevin’s nose brushed something hard, and
he explored upward with his open mouth, discovering his sister’s exposed
and throbbing clit. He gently flicked it with his tongue, causing Katie to
moan softly. After a few more licks, he sucked it into his mouth like it was a
little nipple, and she suddenly arched her back and groaned urgently, her
body shuddering as her pussy quivered against his mouth. He felt a flood of
hot wetness on his chin, and realized that his sister had just climaxed, her
tight little hole actually squirting her come onto his face.
     Turned on beyond belief, he gave his jerking cock a few tugs, greedily
lapping up Katie’s sweet cum as he blew a massive wad into his jeans. He
continued sucking her until her slender body finally stopped trembling, then
he shakily got up and pulled her shirt back down over her lap. 
     Katie slept on, a peaceful and contented look on her face. Kevin went up
to bed, his head still swimming and his cock still half-hard. He ended up
having to jerk off again before he could go to sleep. As he drifted off, he
hoped that his sister would be staying up late again soon.

     The next morning Kevin was awakened by a painfully raging hard-on.
The memory of sucking off his sister was still fresh in his mind.  He knew it
was a sin, but he wasn’t sorry he had done it, and he would gladly do it
again if he could. He and Katie had always been close, and though he had
occasionally had a few dirty’ thoughts about her, it seemed that now he
couldn’t seem to get her out of his mind.
     He slid out of bed and pulled on a pair of running shorts, then headed
quietly toward his sister’s room, wondering if she was awake yet. It was a
Saturday morning, and everyone usually slept in late. Her door was slightly
open, and he could see part of her bed through the crack. Katie was sleeping
peacefully on her back with her knees drawn up, still wearing her T-shirt. He
couldn’t tell whether or not she was still naked from the doorway, as the
bed faced away from him.
     Unable to resist his curiosity, he quietly opened the door and tiptoed
into her room, closing the door behind him. He didn’t want to take a chance
on one of his parents seeing him in case they got up early.
     Kevin slowly crept around the bed until he could see his sister’s naked
butt. She hadn’t put any panties on, and he drooled at the sight of her bare,
delectable snatch, and the round, firm cheeks of her sexy fifteen-year-old
ass. Almost instinctively he crawled onto her bed and planted his face right
in her crotch, lifting her slender legs up and draping them over his shoulders.
He rubbed his nose through the sweet-smelling patch of short blonde hair
on her mound, and then began kissing her smooth slit lovingly as he ran his
hands over her curvy hips and flat stomach. 
     He slurped eagerly at her swollen labia for a minute, then placed his
index finger at her opening and pushed gently, her slick hole almost sucking
it inside. Her pussy felt very tight, but it was also unbelievably hot and wet.
Kevin wondered what it would feel like around his throbbing cock, and he
decided that was something he just had to find out.
     He knelt back, Katie’s legs falling off his shoulders and onto the bed as
he squirmed out of his shorts, leaving him completely naked. His dick
wasn’t huge, but it was a respectable six inches or so, and it was jerking
excitedly at the prospect of being buried in his sister’s tight young pussy.
     Kevin moved forward and spread her legs further apart. He touched the
head of his cock to her pussy, gasping as it slid deliciously over her tender
cunt lips. He barely had to push and the head disappeared, lodging neatly in
her hot slippery tunnel. Katie moaned underneath him, and he pushed again,
feeling more and more of his dick being swallowed by her wet and pulsating
flesh. Finally, with a grunt of pure ecstasy, his balls came to rest snugly
against the soft cheeks of her ass.
     He held himself there for a moment, savoring the incredible sensation of
her tight pussy totally engulfing his cock. He looked down at his sister’s
innocent face and slowly began to move his hips, pulling the full length of
his cock in and out of her. After only a few strokes, he heard her cry out,
and for an instant Kevin froze, fearing that he had hurt her somehow.
Then her vagina convulsed around his cock, and he realized that she was
already cumming!
     Kevin kept his prick balls-deep inside her as her pussy squeezed and
milked him. He felt his nuts begin to tighten, and though he desperately
wanted to come inside of her, his better judgment prevailed and he quickly
pulled out. A split-second later, his cock jerked and squirted a huge wad of
cum which landed on the front of his sister’s shirt. It jerked again, and 
fired a second, even bigger gob when landed square on Katie’s mouth.
His prick continued to twitch and spurt until his balls were drained, the
final spurts landing on her blonde bush and dribbling over her swollen
cunt lips.
     He swayed over her for a moment, recovering from his orgasm. There
was something incredibly sexy about the way his pearly-white goo looked
on his sister’s chin and lips. He moved up and smeared it around a little on
her face with his finger as she continued to sleep, apparently oblivious to
what had just happened. Kevin quickly ran to the bathroom to get a towel,
and cleaned her up thoroughly, even licking the last traces of both of their
cum off of her pussy. Before he left, he kissed her tenderly on the mouth,
her soft lips still sticky from his sperm. Then he went back to his room and
dozed off, a contented smile on his face.

-- 
+--------------' Story submission `-+-' Moderator contact `------------+
| story-submit@qz.little-neck.ny.us | story-admin@qz.little-neck.ny.us |
| Archive site +--------------------+------------------+ Newsgroup FAQ |
\ <URL:http://www.netusa.net/~eli/erotica/assm/>    .../assm/faq.html> /

