
From ddail@efn.org Tue Oct 17 23:55:21 1995
From: redragon@interserv.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: THE FANTASY SHOW WITH SISNLAW
Date: 14 Oct 1995 14:17:11 GMT
Message-ID: <45ogp7$gkd@data.interserv.net>

It was late in the summer, a Saturday and I was at home  watching 
a  ball game.  My wives brother and his wife had driven down  for 
the weekend.  Later that night we were planning on going out  and 
hitting  a few bars.  My wife and her brother were  out  visiting 
some  more of the in-laws, and his wife had gone to the mall  for 
some  shopping.  I was at home watching the Braves loose  another 
one,  (before they turned the team around) when my  sister-in-law 
returned.  She told me she had bought some new clothes and  asked 
if I wanted to see them.  I said sure, and went back watching the 
game.   She  then  went upstairs and began  changing.   When  she 
returned,  she was wearing this black mini dress, and  some  long 
heels.   As  she walked across the room modeling  the  outfit,  I 
could  tell she had visited the lingere shop, the bottom  of  her 
dress  would  swing  up exposing her  creamy  white  thighs,  and 
decided she must have also bought stocking to go with the outfit.  
As  thoughts  of how to get my wife in an outfit  like  that  ran 
through my mind, she bent over and removed her shoe.

All  interest  in  the  game were now gone, as  I  gazed  up  her 
extended  legs, and could just see the bottom of her  panties  as 
she  adjusted her shoe.  When suddenly I noticed she was  looking 
my  way.  I quickly diverted my gaze, and asked her if  this  was 
what she was planning on wearing tonight.  She replied she wasn't 
sure,  but  how did I like it.  I said great, and  she  said  she 
wanted to try on another outfit.

When she returned, she was wearing this black bustier, with  aqua 
trim  around  the neckline.  The fabric was very sheer,  and  you 
could see the outline of her nipples through the material.  I was 
shocked,  to say the least.  She proceeded to stroll  across  the 
living  room, moving quite gracefully in those tall  heels.   She 
then  wanted  to know what I thought about this outfit.   I  said 
great.   As she was returning up the stairs, I thought  I  better 
get  out of this situation before it get out of hand.  So I  told 
her I was going to shower and get ready.

At  a time like this a cold shower was what I needed, but when  I 
got  to  the bathroom, I changed my mind, and decided on  a  warm 
bath.  We had our own private bathroom off of the master bedroom, 
so  I  filled the tub and got in.  The water was warm, and  as  I 
laid  there, I began to daydream.  I then took my large  erection 
in  hand,  and  began to slowly stroke it.  I  figured  a  little 
fantasy  wouldn't hurt, and began lathering up my hand  with  the 
soap.  As I laid there, visions of my sister-in-law danced in  my 
head.   

Before I could finish with the job in hand,  in walks my  sister-
in-law.  I quickly submerged myself under the water and drew  the 
washcloth over my private part.  This sort of looked like a  flag 
on  a  flagpole I guess.  She then explained she just  wanted  to 
know if her outfit obtained the desired effect.  In my stupor,  I 
began trying to play stupid.  She further explained she had  been 
outside the door watching through the louvered panels for several 
minutes,  and  knew what was going on.  By now, my  erection  was 
completely gone, as my mind raced for something to respond  with.  
Before  I  could come up with anything,  she  remarked,  she  was 
going to join me.  

She then disappeared, and I began trying to figure out just  what 
to do.  Before I could come up with something, she returned,  and 
moved towards the tub.  Surprising enough, she was still  dressed 
to in lace outfit.  When she reached the tub she sat down on  the 
toilet,  and produced one of those black vibrators with the  gold 
tops.   She  then propped one leg up on the tub as to give  me  a 
better view, and began to make use of her toy.

As I sat and gawked, my hard on quickly returned.  The low hum of 
the  vibrator was now straining under the increased pressure  she 
was  putting upon it.  She then reached down, and unfastened  the 
snaps  holding  the fabric across her crotch, thus  exposing  her 
beautiful  auburn hair.  

She would carefully run the instrument down and barely insert it.  
With  it  moistened,  she returned back to  the  top.   This  was 
driving me crazy, and I decided not to waste a good thing.  While 
she  enjoyed herself,  I would indulge myself.   After  lathering 
up,   I returned to stoking myself again.  The sounds of the  low 
buzz  only heightened the excitement. It didn't take long for  my 
delightment to finally come forward, and leave its residue across 
my  chest.  With that, my sister-in-law remarked how  she  hadn't 
meant to spoil my fun, but couldn't stand not seeing better  what 
was  going on, and how she truly enjoyed it.  She  then  remarked 
that this would be our little secret.





























