

                   Contains: mf,pedo,bd,rape,incest,s&m,snuff

            ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
                     Another Exciting Adult Text File From:
            ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
            ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛ   ÛÛ ÛÛ   ÛÛ ÜÛÛÛÛÛÜ ÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ
              ŞÛİ   ÛÛÜÜÜÛÛ ÛÛ   ÛÛ ÛÛ   ÛÛ ÛÛ   ÛÛ ÛÛÜÜÜÜ  ÛÛ   ÛÛ
              ŞÛİ   ÛÛßßßÛÛ ÛÛ   ÛÛ ÛÛ   ÛÛ ÛÛ   ÛÛ ÛÛßßßß  ÛÛÛÛÛÛ
              ŞÛİ   ÛÛ   ÛÛ ßÛÛÛÛÛß ÛÛ   ÛÛ ÛÛÛÛÛÛß ßÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛ  ßÛÛ
            ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
                     They said lightning only strikes once.

                                They were wrong.

                   Where there's THUNDER...there's LIGHTNING!
            ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ

             WARNING: This text file contains material of an adult,
             explicit, possibly VIOLENT sexual nature. If you are
             uncomfortable reading material of this kind, please
             delete this file immediately. Under no circumstances is
             this file to be read or poessessed by persons under 21
             years of age.

           ---------------------------------------------------------
                             BBS Filename: Sisrape2
                            Lewdness Level: Extreme
                       Classifiction: Youngstuff/violent
           ---------------------------------------------------------

                                  SISTER RAPE

                                   By Thunder

                                   Chapter 2

Shannon had spent much of the last three days reflecting on her feelings during
the rape. Being raped by her brother had been one thing.  She knew and trusted
and loved her brother and deep down, knew that though he was hurting her, he
still loved her and he would somehow make it all better. By that, she meant, he
would bring her to orgasm.  And afterward, no matter how brutal the assault, he
would treat her well.

Strangers were different, and it was in that that Shannon found the true
excitement of the rape.  You never knew what a stranger would do, and that
scared her.  She liked that fear.  On top of that was the knowledge that this
person was a total stranger -- and he was free to use her as he wished, to view
and touch and fondle her most private parts, while she was powerless to stop
him.

Being helpless, being roughly handled -- these turned her on in ways she would
never imagine.  There was also the suddeness of the attack -- it might come
anytime, anywhere, by almost anyone.  You never knew just how many would do it,
or how often it would happen. Shannon fantasized about being raped in her own
bed, or being pulled into a car, or even being raped in school, spread eagled
on a desk while every teacher and male student had his way with her.

And then, there was the pain.  Shannon found it exciting. Pain increased her
orgasms and made her weak. When the bikers had punched her cunt during the
rape, she had come instantly.  Being choked into unconsciousness had been a
wild, powerful climax for her.

All of this, the fear, the pain, the unknowing and the helplessness, the
strangeness -- all of it drew her to be raped again and again.

Shannon also wanted to see how it was for other little girls.  She wanted to
see them get raped.  She'd begged Mark to take her along when he went out to
rape other little girls.  He promised he would, after she helped him get her
best friend, Julie Roberts.  Shannon was eager to see Julie get raped, and she
knew Julie would like it as much as she did.  If she didn't, Shannon didn't
care.  Her own needs and desires had displaced anything else, a fantasy so
strong nothing mattered but having it fulfilled.

For now, she was stuck at home.  Most of the bruises she'd sustained during the
gang rape had healed, but Mark wanted her to stay home for at least another
day.  He was acting like her big brother again, treating her with kid gloves,
instead of using and abusing her body as he had only a few days ago.

Shannon gave in, submissive as usual, and did as Mark told her.  She had to
confine herself to masturbating to her fantasies or the numerous sex tapes Mark
had.  Mark didn't provide her any relief.  In fact, he was acting like he felt
guilty for what he'd done to her.

Mark was always home, either cleaning the house or watching the tapes with her.
When he was with her, he watched her intently, his eyes gleaming as he followed
her fingers, moving in and out of her cunt.

Eventually she got to the tape of the Brownie scout, Missy. Mark had let her
see the rest a few nights ago -- or so she thought.  She'd been too busy
questioning him about what happened to Missy to watch the rest.

This time, she decided to watch.

As it got to the last part she'd seen, little Missy, only seven, lay bound and
gagged and sobbing on the bed. Her uniform was ripped to shreds and blood from
her torn hymen coated her abdomen and inner thighs.  Mark and the men were
standing around her, stark naked and panting.  Shannon masturbated slowly,
imagining herself in young Missy's place.  She figured the film was over, since
Mark had told her that they'd given Missy to some other guys who'd raped,
tortured and killed her.

Suddenly, one of the men leaned forward and slapped the little girl hard,
across the face.  Missy screamed and was slapped again.  Another man punched
her cunt, making her double up.  Mark and the others straightened her out,
while the last man produced a pair of C-clamps, which he attached to the girl's
nipples.

Shannon bit her lip.  She knew that had to hurt, and wanted to feel it at the
same time.  She began to masturbate faster, her fingers working in and out of
her furiously, her orgasm nearing it's climax.

And then the totally unexpected happened.  Mark got on the bed, forcing his
cock into the little girl.  Clutched in his right hand was a knife.  Mark began
raping the little girl, while his left hand moved up under her chin, forcing
her head back, exposing her soft, white throat.

Shannon stared, half in disbelief and half in total excitement, as Mark reached
up with the knife and slit the little girl's throat from ear to ear.

Without warning Shannon suddenly climaxed, the most powerful orgasm she'd ever
felt.  She let out a shrieking moan and nearly fell off the couch, her insides
clutching together as the full force of the orgasm passed through her.  Her
eyes lit briefly on the screen, where Mark was continuing to rape the dying
girl, whose blood was pouring out of her throat, all over the bed...

Slowly, shaking violently with the power of her climax, Shannon got to her
feet.  The tape had faded to black now, the last sight Mark screaming with
delight as he came in the girl.  With what seemed like all the effort she could
muster, Shannon hit the rewind button.

She let it go a few seconds, then hit PLAY.  The scene started over with the
man punching the girl's cunt.  Shannon hit PAUSE and sat down, taking deep
breaths to calm herself. She could hardly believe what she'd seen -- or how it
had felt to see it!

She'd masturbated to a few dark fantasies with her own death in them, but
actually seeing a young girl die -- a girl not much younger than she was -- was
powerfully erotic.  She shoved her fingers into her cunt and began to
masturbate furiously, hitting the PAUSE button again before sitting back,
pinching at her nipples as well, putting herself once more in Missy's place.

She could imagine it now, the pain, the horror, watching as Mark entered the
girl, imagining not Mark, but some stranger, entering her, raping her, hurting
her, and then the knife, the sharp knife against her slender throat, the pain
of it biting in, the man still raping her --

This time she did fall off the couch, the orgasm so strong she doubled over,
moaning in orgasmic pleasure.  Mark came running in and stopped, gaping at the
TV.  "Shit!", he yelled, and hit the STOP button.

"No!", Shannon protested, her body shaking furiously as the orgasm continued
its assault on her.  Her slender thighs quivered around her fingers, still
buried deep between her bare labia lips, the tips brushing at her clitoris,
stimulating her more and more.  "No, Mark!  Again!  Play it again!"

Mark stared at her for a moment, a look of curious confusion and absolute glee
on his face, then rewound the tape and played it again.  Over and over they did
it, Shannon's orgasms crashing into her with force, sending her mind and body
to new heights of pleasure.  Six, seven, eight times, and finally, she was too
weak to go on.

Mark lifted her up, gently, and laid her on the couch. "You really liked
that?", he asked, sounding surprised.

"Oh Mark, yes!", she cried.  "Yes!  It was so nasty! And you -- "  She stared
at her brother, suddenly frightened. She was alone, with not only a rapist, but
a murderer.  The fright suddenly heightened her sense of pleasure, giving her a
giddy thrill.  She was truly enjoying walking the dangerous edge.  "You cut her
throat!"

"Yeah", Mark answered gleefully.  "Shit, sis, if you liked it that much, I'll
fuck you a lot more!  I've just been nice to you because I thought you'd
suffered so bad, and I guess I felt pretty bad about that, because I wasn't
there to stop it, but -- "  He didn't finish.  Instead, he slapped her across
the face, a stinging slap, and threw himself onto her...

                                      xxx

Shannon awoke to bright morning sunshine streaming in her window and the soft
snoring of her brother next to her. She was a little surprised at being able to
move; Mark must have raped her a dozen times last night, driving her right to
the point of exhaustion.

He was like an animal.  Brutal, his cock not just slamming, but RAMMING into
her, like a pile driver.  It had been so painful, so brutal, she was in tears,
but not even that had stopped Mark.  He just kept going, calling her a "slut"
and a "whore" and a "dirty cocksucking fuckbitch" and a whole slew of other
foul names.

She'd liked it anyway.  The more brutal he got, the more powerful her orgasms
became.  Right up to the point where he'd started choking her, squeezing her
throat until she finally blacked out.  That, had been absolutely the best.

She slid out of bed, standing uneasily on shaky legs.  She was still pretty
sore.  She looked over to Mark.  It was hard to believe her brother was a
killer.  He didn't look like one.  Shannon had always believed killers were
greasy men who didn't shave and wore long black jackets and sunglasses -- like
the Terminator.  Of course, she'd thought the same thing about rapists, too.

She padded quietly into the bathroom and showered, then laid out on the sundeck
to get her daily tan.  She was just coming in when Mark stepped in her way, a
maniacal grin on is face.

"Oh, sis..."

Shannon tried to bolt, but he grabbed her arms and threw her down on the bed,
pinning her with his body.  Shannon squirmed, but it was useless.  In less than
a few seconds Mark had his cock in her and was pumping away, forcing her to
orgasm.

"That was fantastic", Mark moaned, pulling out of her. "Now go take a shower.
And wash your cunt out real good." He turned and left the room.

Shannon showered again, expecting Mark to show up at any moment.  She loved
never knowing when he was going to attack her again.

Mark was waiting when she got back to her room.  He was fully dressed and
showed little interest in her, even those his eyes kept roving her tiny, naked
body.  "Get dressed, slut", he told her.  "We're going out."

Shannon was acutely aware of him watching her as she dressed.  She put on a
pair of pink cotton panties first -- normal ones -- and then a pair of snug,
short white denim shorts that neatly encupped her ass cheeks and stretched
tight across her cunt.  She pulled on a short sleeve white blouse and tied it
above her midriff, then finished the outfit with a pair of white tennis
sneakers and a thin black belt.

"Not bad, slut", Mark snapped.  "Now get over here."

Shannon made her way meekly over to him.  He motioned for her to sit next to
him.  He made no move to touch her.

"We're going up to the lake today", he told her.  "I want you to call Julie."

Shannon got up quickly.  She was shaking, both from fear and excitement.
"Julie?"

"That's who I said, didn't I?", Mark asked.

Shannon nodded.  She hurried to the phone and dialed her best friends number.
She dearly wanted sweet Julie to join her.

Halfway through dialing, she hung up.  "Mark, are you going to rape her?",
Shannon asked, almost eagerly, yet with a touch of guilt and fear.

"Yeah", Mark laughed.

"Can I help?"

Mark thought it over.  "I guess, yeah.  But you can't tell her what we've been
doing.  You'd ruin it.  I want her to like it as much as you do."

Shannon nodded.  She wanted Julie to share in this.  She wanted to watch Mark
rape Julie and teach her to enjoy what Shannon now enjoyed.  And then, to let
others use Julie.

Shannon eagerly dialed the phone now, fighting to contain her excitement. After
a few minutes of meaningless chatter, she invited Julie to go up to the lake
with her and Mark. Julie immediately accepted.  It had been two weeks since
she'd seen Shannon, having been told Shannon was "sick in bed."

As soon as she hung up, she turned to find Mark waiting, stark naked.  He
grabbed her and flung her onto her bed, holding a hand over her mouth while he
climbed onto her. Shannon struggled and whimpered, turning him on even more,
and then he was raping her...

                                      xxx

Julie Roberts hung up the phone and squealed with glee. Shannon was all better,
which meant an end to the boring two weeks she'd spent with nothing better to
do that watch TV or join the other friends they had.  Julie was especially
close to Shannon, who was her best friend, even though Shannon was a year
older, at 11.

Julie was pretty for ten.  A small girl -- four foot five -- she was slender,
her figure slightly curvacious, her legs long and trim.  She was a natural
redhead, her thick, wavy hair framing her young face and spilling over her
shoulders and down her back, nearly to her waist.  She had small, freckled
cheeks and jade green eyes, which complimented her soft white skin.

Julie was also a little wiser than young Shannon in some ways.  Her parents had
divorced two years ago and the little girl had been forced to mature faster
than most kids.  It didn't detract from her innocence, however.

Julie liked to play with dolls and do other little girl things, but she also
understood sex.  She knew what a penis and a vagina were and how babies were
made, and she knew good touch and bad touch.  She knew what rape was, as well,
and how painful and humiliating it could be.  What she didn't know was how soon
she'd find out, first hand.

Julie had been lounging in bed until Shannon called. She got up now, took a
fast shower, and got dressed, putting on a short sleeve blouse and short white
shorts with white sneakers.  Under that she wore a white, two piece bathing
suit, which she really didn't need.  Julie's breasts had not yet developed to
any great degree and the bikini top was more of a belt than a top.  But it was
still sexy.

She still had an hour left, so she packed up a towel and some things in a small
bag to take with her, and made herself some breakfast.  When she was done, she
hurried over to Shannon's.

                                      xxx

Mark stood by the window of his bedroom, watching for Julie. Shannon was in her
own room, getting dressed again after he'd raped her.

Mark was getting tired of raping his sister.  It had been his greatest fantasy
since he was thirteen -- a fantasy denied him until now -- and at first, it had
been great.  But now Shannon enjoyed it too much.  He knew that when she
resisted, it was more of an act than anything real.  He was getting less and
less satisfaction from it.  Even brutally attacking her as he had last night
didn't do it.  Much of Shannon's innocence -- the thing that had made her so
appealing in the first place -- was now fake.

He decided to give it some time before he raped her again. Maybe a few months,
maybe a year -- get her to believe he wasn't going to do it again, so when he
did, it would be a shock.  That, he figured, would be satisfying.  In the
meantime, he'd step back and watch others hurt his sister, maybe kill her.  The
idea was appealing.

For today, at least, he would rape Shannon a few more times, in front of Julie.
It was part of a sick little plan he'd cooked up, knowing that Julie, in some
ways, was more mature than Shannon, and would be harder to break down.

He might even have to kill her.  The idea stirred up his loins.  Mark had no
compunction about killing; he'd murdered at least a dozen little girls since he
was fourteen.  He did, however, prefer not to.  Killing them was risky,
sometimes messy.  And if you didn't kill them, there were always there to be
used again.  You simply had to scare them enough that they wouldn't tell, or
get them to like it.

Mark knew he could even kill his sister.  Last night, when he'd been choking
her, he almost couldn't stop.  The delight in watching her squirm had been too
much.  Only the realization that he'd never be able to hide it from his parents
had stopped him.

He guessed he'd see.  Today, he wanted Julie.  She was fresh and innocent; her
fear and pain would be real.  Just like it had been with Shannon.  He wanted to
get Julie under his thumb, eventually.  It didn't matter if she liked it or
not, and would be better if she didn't.  And after that, he wanted her twin
sisters.

Shannon stepped quietly into the room and moved up to stand beside him.  She
was very quiet, but the eager gleam in her eyes as she stared out the window
was enough to tell him what she was thinking.

Mark looked down at Shannon's outfit.  It was the one one she'd put on earlier.
Mark had bought her a whole new wardrobe with his parents credit card.  Each
outfit was sexy or cute, and from now on, that was all that Shannon would wear.
Mark had long ago been told that clothes, especially shorts and short skirts,
followed by a girl's legs, then her face and body, was what most often drew
rapists.  So everything that Shannon wore would look right on her, normal, but
would also draw attention to her.

He heard the front door open downstairs.  He smiled at Shannon.  "Remember,
just like we planned it.  Don't let her know."

"I won't", Shannon promised with a giggle.

                                      xxx

The lake was a secluded spot near a private lake that Mark's father partly
owned.  As such, they had it all to themselves, which made it perfect for the
plan.

Julie sat in the back seat, smiling a sunny smile, as they drove up.  Shannon
sat in the front seat next to her brother, ready to burst with excitement.
Everytime she looked back at Julie, she could imagine the fear and pain on her
friend's face, how good it would look.  How good it would feel for Julie when
Mark's violating cock brought her to orgasm.

They drove down the small dirt road that led to the spot and got out.  Mark had
packed a lunch, but it would be a while before they ate.  He wanted to get down
to business first.

                                      xxx

Julie loved coming to the lake, and was eager to escape the heat and get into
the water.  But Mark said no.  "I found a nest of baby squirrels up here", he
told her.  "Why don't we go see?"

"I'll set up for lunch", Shannon offered.

Julie really wanted to spend the day with her friend, but she guessed a quick
trip into the woods wouldn't be too much to ask.  Besides, Julie loved animals.

Mark put his arm around her shoulders and led her deep into the trees, to a
grassy clearing several hundred yards from the campsite.  "Boy, Julie, you're
really growing up", he told her.  "I can't believe how pretty and sexy you're
getting."

Julie blushed.  "Thanks."

"Yeah, you really turn me on."

Julie started to feel uncomfortable.  Turn him on?  She knew that had something
to do with sex.  She tried to step away from Mark, but his arm tightened.

"Yeah, I think we should get it on."  Mark spun her around, holding her by the
arm.  She saw his other hand fumbling with the zipper of his jeans.  Julie
screamed.

Mark pushed her to the ground and jumped on her, the full weight of his body
knocking the wind out of her.  She gasped as Mark's lips pressed against hers,
forcing kisses from her mouth she didn't want to give.  Mark had pinned her
hands down, and she was only able to thrash and squirm, but it was no good.
Mark was too big.

Then she saw Shannon come running up.  She was carrying a blanket, it looked
like.  Maybe she'd heard the screams and come running.  Julie tried to kick
away, but Mark had her too well.  He hauled the frightened 10 year old to her
feet, twisting her arms together behind her back and clamping his hand tightly
over her mouth.

Julie saw Shannon spread the blanket out, smiling.  Was this a joke?  Her
terrified mind knew it wasn't.  She could feel the press of Mark's cock against
her back, stiff under his jeans.

Realizing now that her best friend had betrayed her, all the fight went out of
Julie.  Mark pushed her face down onto the blanket and tied her hands behind
her with rope Shannon handed to him.

"You'll like this", Shannon told her.  "Really!"

Mark yanked a strip of cloth between Julie's teeth and tied it behind her head.
He rolled her onto her back and quickly pulled her shorts off.  She felt
Shannon press down on her shoulders, and then Mark tore the bikini bottoms
away.

"Hurt her, Mark, hurt her!", Shannon was yelling. Julie watched Mark pull down
his pants, his huge, swelling cock bursting free.  Panicked anew, Julie held
her legs together, but Mark easily forced them apart.

"You'll love this", Mark laughed, and went down on her.

Julie's body was exquisite.  Soft, creamy skin and delicate pink, almost white,
nipples, a small, flat slit like Shannon's.  Julie looked down across it as
Mark's huge shaft penetrated the outer folds and pushed against her maidenhead.

There was a brief sensation of something good, then horrible pain as Mark's
hips thrust forward.  She felt something inside of her stretching, the pain
worse with each second. It was as if she were being split in half and was
helpless to stop it.

Shannon leaned over her.  "Doesn't it hurt wonderfully?", she asked.

Suddenly, whatever was stretching broke.  Julie could feel it, magnifying the
pain a hundred times.  Her back arched, lifting her almost clear of the blanket
as Mark's cock plunged further into her.  She screamed in pain, feeling Mark
pull out and plunge in again, forcing the tight, unused muscles of her sex
canal to admit his huge cock.

"It's all the way in!", Shannon squealed with delight. "Fuck her, Mark!  Fuck
her!"

"Watch your language!", Mark snapped.  "Man, she's fucking tight!  Come on
Julie, loosen up!  You know you like this!"

"Yeah, you have to like, Julie!  You're a dirty slut! Don't you just love
Mark's cock being buried all the way in you? Isn't it great?"

Julie shook her head.  She didn't like this and she wanted him to stop.  She
could never like this.  It was horrible and it hurt and it made her feel dirty.

"Make her suck your cock, Mark.  Fu -- put it in her behind! I want to see your
hurt her, Mark!", Shannon squealed.  She had her hand shoved down her shorts,
fingering herself madly.  "Go on!"

Julie could believe none of this.  Her own best friend had lured her into and
let her be, raped.  A boy -- a man -- she'd known and trusted all her life had
bound and gagged her, then violated her, taking her virginity.  And now Shannon
was encouraging him to do more.

Julie felt like dirt.  She felt like the lowest form of life on earth.  She was
a little girl who liked dolls and animals, and who took good care of her two
little sisters.

Julie started.  Would Mark go after them, next?  Her sisters were twins, only
five.  Was that too young for Mark?

She looked at him.  He looked crazy.  His whole body was shuddering.  He was
gasping between clenched teeth, grunting like he was in pain.  Julie knew he'd
have no trouble doing this to her sisters.

And then the pain stole her thoughts away.  Mark thrust forward, hard, his
entire body shaking.  Julie felt his cock swelling inside of her, felt it
pulse, something warm filling her uterus.  And then Mark collapsed on top of
her again, gasping.

"Damn!", he muttered, pushing himself up, still buried inside of her.  She
watched him withdraw his cock, the shaft covered with her blood, and the sight
of it almost made her faint.

She didn't have long to look, anyway, because Mark suddenly lifted her legs
high, pushing them over her head. Through the V formed by her thighs she saw
him coming in again, felt the tip of his cock brush her tight rectal hole.
Immediately she tensed, but it only made things worse. Mark was pushing in,
slowly but surely.

"You'd better fucking relax or this'll really hurt!", he told her, shoving more
and more of his hard cock deep into her anus, into her bowels.

Out of the corner of her eye she could see Shannon, her hand out of her shorts
now, staring wide eyed and horrified at Mark.  "Mark, no!  Please, I did what
you told me to do but I can't stand it!  Leave her alone!"

"Then get out of here, you little whore!  Go back to the car!  And you better
be there when I get back or I'll blow her fucking head off!", Mark shouted,
sending Shannon scrambling.

Blow my head off?, Julie thought, and began screaming, because that was all she
knew now.  At the same time, she also knew, or understood, what was happening.
Mark had been doing this to Shannon -- probably the whole time she'd been
"sick". He'd probably promised to stop if Shannon would lure her out here.  And
now, she would be raped and killed.

                                      xxx

The girl's ass was gloriously tight, even though she had relaxed some.  Mark
saw blood, but it was hard to say if he'd torn her ass or if that was her hymen
blood from before.  Either way, she was lucky.  He was long but not terribly
thick.

Mark climaxed inside the little girl and pulled out. He was spent, at least for
the minute, and Julie seemed exhausted; her screams had become loud, wracking
sobs, barely muffled by the gag.  Mark tied her ankles and told her he'd be
back, then stalked off toward the lake.

Shannon was waiting for him at the car.  The look of horror on her face quickly
became and ear to ear grin. "Think she bought it?", she asked.

Mark shrugged, heading for the lake shore.  "Maybe." He wanted to wash up and
get back to Julie.  He stripped off his clothes and dove in, rubbing his hands
all over his body to get clean.

After his quick bath, he took a bucket from the car and filled it with water
and a bar of soap, then carried that and a washcloth back with him, Shannon
tagging along.  He'd already decided to forgo his earlier plan of letting Julie
believe Shannonw as all for her.  Instead, he had another idea.

Julie was where he'd left her, still sobbing.  He told Shannon to clean her up
while he knelt down beside the little girl's head, his cock dangling in her
face.  Julie turned her head away and he jerked it back.

"You hate me, huh?", he asked.  Julie nodded.  "Bet you're scared of me too,
huh?"  Julie nodded again.  She shuddered a little as Shannon wiped the
washcloth around her bloody slit.

"Bet that feels good, doesn't it?", Shannon asked. Julie nodded.  Julie
continued shuddering as Shannon cleaned her up.

"Now listen to me, Julie", Mark told the girl.  "I've got a deal for you.
You're not going to tell anybody about this. And I mean anybody.  Furthermore,
from now on, you belong to me.  You'll do what I say, no matter what.  Is that
clear?"

Julie just stared.  "Okay, you forced me.  If you don't do what I say and want,
your mom is going to suffer for it. The first time, she'll just get a good
scare.  After that, she'll get this.  One guy.  Then there were will more guys.
Maybe she'll even be killed."

Julie shrieked and began to sob.  "Shut up!", Mark snapped, slapping her
lightly on the cheek.  "It's up to you, Julie. I've had guys watching your mom
for weeks now."  That was a lie.  But he could have somebody there with a
single phone call.  He knew people like that VERY well. "And don't think I
won't.  Understand?"

Julie nodded, still sobbing.  "That's right.  So from now on, you're mine. I'll
rape you when and where I want. And so will others.  In fact, you'll go out and
try to make it happen.  You're trash, Julie, and your body is for other
people's use.  You might even get to like it.  Shannon will tell you all about
orgasms and I'll show you.  And you and Shannon will be good friends.  And if
you're really good, I'll stop hurting you very soon.  Will you do it?"

Julie nodded.  Mark smiled.  "That's a girl.  Oh, and Julie, you don't have to
like it.  In fact, I'd rather you didn't." Still grinning, he got up and walked
over to Shannon.

                                      xxx

"She isn't hurt", Mark noted, shoving his finger into the girl's cunt, then her
ass, drawing it out clean.  There were no outer tears, which meant she'd
stretched pretty well under the onslaught.

"Just like me", Shannon said, getting all hot just looking at Julie's bare
middle.  "You're going to love it, Julie. Really.  Look at me!  I'm happy,
letting strangers use me, letting Mark fuck me silly.  We both deserve it.
We're just dirty whores.  Sure it hurts, but that's half the fun!  It really
makes orgasms great!"  She grinned at Mark. "Can I show her?"

"Not right away.  I'm not done yet.  Go back to the car and get me a beer out
of the cooler."  He turned his attention back to Julie as Shannon scampered
off.  The little girl's eyes grew wide.  She knew.  And she didn't like it.

Mark flipped her over, pushing her legs under her and spreading them so her ass
stuck almost straight up.  He grabbed ahold of Julie's shaking hips and slid
foward, his cock sliding against, then into, her little fuck hole.

Julie groaned in pain as she slid in, burying only about a third of himself in
her, enough to hurt her and enough to make him feel good.  He hadn't done many
little girls dogstyle, but with Julie, it had always been a fantasy.

"Oh, yeah, Julie, yeah!", he moaned, using short, quick thrusts that jabbed at
her, hurting her, making her scream. Her cunt was already responding,
tightening and slickening with her cunt juices, and slowly but surely, her body
began to shudder, her moans turn to screams as her first orgasm came upon her.

For a moment he couldn't understand why she'd have one so soon, whereas it had
seemed to take Shannon forever -- then he realized it must be the position.  He
must be hitting her G-spot.  He'd had to remember that, because he didn't want
Julie to always have orgasms.  Her pain was much more fun.

Mark brought her to orgasm first, her little body quivering with sensation, her
breath coming in short gasps and moans as it hit her, followed by sobs.  She
probably felt worse for having it, and Mark enjoyed that.  He blew his load in
the little girl and flipped her onto her back, raping her again.

                                      xxx

By nightfall, he'd raped Julie at least a dozen times, and his cock and body
were aching.  He untied the girl and let her dress, then the three of them
headed home.  Julie stayed the night, at his "insistence", and Mark continued
to use and abuse her, even teaching her the finer points of oral sex, which she
picked up quickly.

Every day for the rest of the week he attacked her, sometimes only once,
sometimes repeatedly.  Shannon often helped, eating Julie out while he raped
the girl's mouth or ass.  Julie quickly learned to submit, but all the while
the fear and hatred she felt for him was quite apparent.  Only fear for her
mother's life kept her in line.

By the end of that week, Julie was firmly under his thumb, just like Shannon.
Not as accepting, of course, but stuck. She knew she couldn't get away and had
to live with what he wanted.  Even if she didn't like it.

Mark was quite pleased with himself, and yet, he felt empty. He had subjugated
his sister and her best friend to his sexual will, but it was somehow...not
right.  He was a rapist, after all, not a slave master or pimp.  After the
initial attack was over, much of the thrill was gone.

Of course, Julie's twin sisters, Brandi and Brianna, still remained to be
taken.  And he would, soon.  In the meantime, he had other needs.  He still had
two months left before his parents came home, and that was two full months he
could spend having fun.  Not just with his chosen few, but with any he might
like.

And he would.  He most surely would...

                               <TO BE CONTINUED>

