The following is a story by Frank Mccoy <mccoyf@millcomm.com>

BIGSIS.TXT (mf, teen, pedo, incest, cons)




                      Big Sister's Lessons
                         An Erotic Story

     I'll never forget the time my big sister Karen, caught me 
and Danny playing with ourselves.  Danny's my friend, who lived 
next door.  The two of us were always together, getting into, and 
out of trouble together, all the time.  We played baseball 
together, stole cookies together, and learned about life 
together.  At least, until that time my sister caught us.
     This time started out not much different than many of our 
other escapades.  We were in my room, sorting baseball cards, 
when Danny told me of his latest caper.  Both of us were 13, and 
had been trying to find out as much about sex, as we could 
without being caught.  My parents had seen to it, that their kids 
knew most of the basics, such as that boys had penises, and girls 
had vaginas, and that babies were made, when a man put his penis 
inside a girl, and squirted something inside her.  Danny told me, 
that his mother never told him anything.  If it hadn't been for 
me, he said he would probably think that babies were brought by 
the stork, or were found in the cabbage-patch or something.  By 
the time I am talking about, his mother seemed to figure that he 
already knew about boys and girls, by osmosis or something.
     At the time I am speaking of, Danny and I were both eager to 
find out what really went on between older men and women.  We 
knew there was more to it than "Man puts penis inside girl, and 
BOOM, there's a baby!"  The trouble is, we didn't know what the 
"more" consisted of; so we tried to find out by spying, and 
listening in on my older sister and other teenagers; as they 
tried to "make out."  This "Making out" business, we weren't sure 
what it was, but it sure sounded like fun, as all the older boys 
were trying to do it, and even the girls, though they mostly 
seemed to hold off better than the boys.
     Besides this, both of us were desperately eager to find out 
what girls really looked like, underneath their clothes.  With 
three sisters in the house, and my mother, you'd think that I had 
a better chance of sneaking a peek, and getting a look at what 
one of the opposite sex really looked like, but that wasn't the 
case.  Or at least it wasn't, until that afternoon.  Living with 
just his little sister Chrissy, and his mother, had made things 
rather casual over at Danny's house.  He occasionally got 
glimpses of both his sister, and mother, when they got up during 
the night, and went to the bathroom.  Since his room was the one 
right next to the bathroom, he left his door open, and pretended 
to be asleep, whenever he heard one of them get up during the 
night.  He never got more than a glimpse though, of his little 
sister's body, or his mother's mature vagina as they whipped in 
and out, hoping they weren't observed.  Me, the best I ever saw, 
was when we went to the beach, and my sisters wore bikini's.  But 
everyone saw that, so no big deal.








                                1


     The only time I ever saw any more, was the time, I had 
inadvertently walked in on my big sister, when she was getting 
dressed for a date.  Mother had asked me to give Karen her 
blouse, as it had just gotten dry, and she needed it to get 
ready.  I was completely unprepared for the sight I got, as I 
walked into my big sister's bedroom.  Karen was sitting on the 
bed, not naked, but in bikini panties, and bra, combing her hair.  
She took the blouse from me, thanked me, and continued combing.  
The blouse had slipped from my fingers, and frankly I was 
staring.  My sister was beautiful!  She had pert little tits, 
that filled out the red brassiere so nicely, with a mound of skin 
filling up the top.  Her matching red panties were filled by a 
plump little ass that I just ached to reach out and touch.  But 
these didn't get much more than a passing glance from me.  The 
thing that drew my eyes like a magnet, was the bare skin that 
showed, all the way from the top of her panties, to the bottom of 
her bra.  Karen had such smooth creamy skin, a slightly rounded 
little belly, and her bellybutton was the perfect center to all 
this feminine pulchritude.  I couldn't take my eyes off her.  I 
think now, that my sister knew that I was staring at her, and was 
enjoying it.  Finally, Karen turned to me, and said, "Got your 
eyeballs back in yet Mike?"  I felt as if I was going to die from 
embarrassment, as my sister got up, and walked unconcernedly past 
me, to the closet.  As she passed me, I got a whiff of her scent.  
Karen wasn't wearing any perfume; she just smelled of pretty girl 
fresh from the shower.  Even now, years later, the thought of 
that smell alone, is enough to give me a hard-on.  At the time, 
it was devastating.  My little pecker was so hard in my pants, 
that it's a wonder that I didn't have an accident.  In my 
embarrassment, and shame, I didn't look where I was going, and 
tripped over my sister's dress, on the way out of the door, 
increasing my embarrassment a hundredfold.  I though I was going 
to die, but my big sister just giggled, and told me, "It's OK 
Mike, I don't mind," as I took off for my room, nursing a sore 
elbow.  That little episode gave Danny and me, conversation 
material for several weeks.
     The afternoon in question, Danny had been telling me about 
what had happened the previous night.  His mother had gone out 
for the evening, and had left him to watch over the house, and 
his little sister.  Previously, they had both had a babysitter, 
but Danny's mother figured that Danny was old enough now, to look 
after himself, and his little sister too.  Danny had been so 
proud, he was almost ready to burst, but this wasn't what had 
excited him the most.  It seems, that when it came time to go to 
bed, his little sister had been taking a bath, and had forgotten 
the soap.  When he went in and handed it to her, Chrissy had been 
standing naked, beside the tub, while she waited for her brother 
to find some.  Danny had gotten a really good look at his little 
sister's pouting young slit, before the little girl took the 
soap, and climbed into the tub.







                                2


     Seeing his little sister naked, in the bathroom, had gotten 
Danny so excited, he couldn't sleep that night.  He kept thinking 
about his little sister, lying there naked, in the next room, 
under her sheets.  (It seems, that nobody at Danny's house ever 
wore pajamas, or nightclothes of any kind to bed.)  Finally, the 
thoughts got to be too much, and Danny padded down to his little 
sister's room, and opened the door.  His little sister was 
sleeping, and didn't wake up, when he called her name.
     After calling, "Chrissy,"  softly, and then louder, Danny 
got up enough courage to walk over to his sister's bed, and look 
down on her.  Telling himself, that it was his duty, to see that 
the little girl was OK, he noticed that his sister had somehow 
gotten the blankets all twisted up, and was just sleeping 
underneath the bedspread.  Danny decided that he'd better tuck 
the little girl in, like his mother used to.  Pulling off the 
bedspread, he almost fainted at the sight of his little sister 
lying there naked, sprawled out on the bed.  Danny decided that 
he'd never get a better chance to see what little girl's looked 
like, so he examined his little sister, from the tips of her flat 
little breasts, down the tiny little hole that made a split in 
the mound between the little girl's legs.  Danny couldn't stop 
himself from reaching out and touching it.  It was warm as 
smooth, and as his finger ran across the opening, slippery.  
Danny pulled his hand away like a shot, as the shock ran up his 
arm.  He knew, that if he didn't stop right then, he'd be 
sticking his finger up inside his little sister's hole, just to 
see what it felt like, and how'd he explain that, if Chrissy woke 
up?
     Danny had just started to pull the sheets up over the little 
girl, when he saw his sister looking straight at him.  "What'cha 
doin' Danny?" she asked.
     "Just tucking you in," Danny said, as he hurriedly pulled 
the sheets straight, and then the blankets.  He was sweating, as 
he thought about how close that had been.
     "You were looking at me, wernt'cha?"  The little girl's soft 
voice made Danny's hair stand on end.  How much had the little 
girl been aware of?
     Danny was about to deny it, as he finished straightening out 
the bedspread, and the little girl snuggled down to sleep, but 
his sister's next words left him speechless.  "I d'mind," said 
Chrissy, sleepily.  "You c'n look, if you wanna'."
     Danny told me that he had felt like pulling the covers off 
his little sister, and really taking a good look, but Chrissy 
seemed to be actually falling asleep, and he was worried about 
when his mother would be home.
     By the time Danny had finished his story, both of us were so 
excited, we felt we had to stop, and play with ourselves.  The 
two of us had been playing with ourselves for over a year, ever 
since we found out how good it felt.  We weren't really "jacking 
off" as neither of us had yet cum, but we pulled on our pricks 
for what seemed like hours, sometimes.  Once, Danny had kissed 
the head of my prick, and I had kissed his (at his insistence.  
He said it was only fair.)  We didn't do that again, as it didn't 
feel as good, as when our fingers pulled on the whole thing.



                                3


     "Tell me again, what her vagina looked like," I panted, 
knowing only the clinical term, as I hadn't yet learned the words 
cunt, pussy, or snatch, and certainly wouldn't have associated 
them with what little girl's had.
     "Well," said Danny, pointing to his own little penis, 
sticking out like a fat pencil, from between his legs, "she 
didn't have a penis, like this, or even any balls underneath.  It 
was just kinda' smooth, y'know, and where your penis is, there 
was this little hole.  Only it wasn't round, y'know, it went up 
and down, and looked somewhat like one of those fuzzy fruits you 
eat. . . Wha'dya call 'em?  Neck. . . something or other."
     "Peaches?" I supplied, as that was the only fuzzy fruit I 
could think of.
     "Yeah, like that.  Like a peach, only not fuzzy, but 
smooth."  He paused, then blurted, "Nectarines!  that's what I 
was thinking about.  Only, I think peaches are better."
     "Tell me more," I panted, excited as much as he was.

     It was at this moment, that the roof fell in.  Or at least, 
so it seemed at the moment.  "I think he's told you enough," came 
the firm voice of my older sister.  "Don't you Danny?"
     Standing in the doorway, was my older sister, leaning 
against the frame, as she gave us both a look, that chilled us to 
the bone.  "Caught!" we both thought, as we scrambled for our 
clothes.
     "You might as well leave them off," said Karen to me, as 
Danny continued struggling to get his pants on.  "Danny, you'd 
better get home."
     I was really scared now.  I was going to get paddled.  
Probably by Daddy, and on my bare butt.  By the time Danny 
finished dressing, and was on his way out the door, we were both 
crying.  My sister stopped Danny on his way out, and whispered 
something in his ear that must have made him feel better, because 
by the time I saw him cross the yard, he was looking more like 
his cheerful self, than scared of being punished.  I figured that 
this meant that I was going to get the brunt of the punishment 
instead.

     "So, my little brother wants to know what girls look like," 
said Karen.  "Well, We'll just have to see what we can do about 
that.  Now you," she continued, glaring at me, "finish getting 
undressed."  When I looked at her, she amplified, "Yes, 
everything.  Shoes, socks, shirt, the works!"
     Our parents were gone for the weekend, and had left Karen in 
charge.  They had made it clear, before they left, that what she 
said, went.  I figured that whatever punishment Karen was going 
to meet out, would be better than what Daddy would do when he got 
home, or even Mother.  Besides, I knew that Karen was fair.  If 
she punished me now, she wouldn't tell our parents on me later.  
I resolved to take my punishment without flinching.







                                4


     Karen's next move surprised me.  "Diane!" she yelled.  
"Suzy!  Get your butts in here!   NOW!"  There was a scramble of 
motion from the other room, and within a few seconds my two 
little sisters were in my room staring at me.  I wanted to climb 
in bed, and cover myself with the blankets, but Karen wouldn't 
let me.
     "Your big brother here," she said sarcastically, "wants to 
see what girls look like naked.  I think we should teach him what 
it's like to be looked at, don't you?  How'd you like to see what 
a boy looks like naked?"  When both my sisters nodded, she 
continued, "Well, go ahead and look.  He won't stop you."  With 
this, she gave me a look, that told me that I'd better not, if I 
knew what was good for me.
     Diane was the first one to get up enough nerve.  Shyly, she 
came over, and knelt down in front of me, to where her face was 
almost in front of my crotch.  "Wow!" she breathed.  "It looks so 
soft!"  I could feel her breath on my penis, as she whispered.
     By this time, Suzy was trying to push her older sister 
aside.  "Let me look too!" she complained.  Shortly, both of my 
two younger sisters were looking me over, as if I were a piece of 
meat, in the butcher shop.  Diane started to reach out and touch 
my prick, then stopped.  "Can I touch it?" she asked, looking 
first at me, then up at our big sister.
     "If he doesn't mind," said Karen, as if it made no 
difference to her.  "But, isn't this a little unfair.  You get to 
see him, and he doesn't get to see you.  If you're going to be 
feeling him up, don't you think you should get undressed yourself 
first?"
     "If I didn't mind!"  I was so far from minding, that I would 
have given three weeks' allowance, to have my little sister touch 
my cock.  Then Karen's other words sunk in, and I felt as though 
I had been snatched from purgatory, straight into heaven.  She 
wasn't only not going to punish me, she was actually arranging it 
so that I could get the look at a girl I had been wanting!  I was 
so busy marveling at this revelation, that I was barely aware of 
both my little sisters getting undressed, until Karen spoke up.
     "Well," said Karen, "if everybody else is going to strip, I 
guess I'd better too."  Frankly, I stared, along with Diane and 
Suzy, as our big sister shrugged out of her sweater, and started 
taking off her mini-skirt.
     "Well," she said again, "what are you two standing there 
for?"  With this, she gave a glare at our two little sisters, who 
had paused in their own undressing to watch their big sister 
undress.  Diane and Suzy hurriedly finished stripping, and stood 
watching Karen, as she took off her shoes and reached for her 
bra.
     "What's the matter?" she asked, suddenly conscious of the 
three pairs of eyes on her bosom, as she started to remove the 
lacy brassiere.  "Haven't you ever seen a grown woman's breasts 
before?"
     All three of us shook our heads.






                                5


     "Well," suddenly giggled Karen, "there's a first time for 
everything, isn't there?  I think that tonight, there's going to 
be a lot of firsts!"  With this, she reached behind her back, and 
gave a funny kind of shrug, and the bra came loose.  For a 
minute, Karen kind of posed, with the bra in one hand, as her 
breasts came free.  To this day, when I think of the perfect 
breast, my sister's comes to mind, just as she looked that day.  
Her breasts were high and firm, with no hint of sag, or over-
fullness, smooth rounded bumps on her chest, that had rosy pink 
nipples, surrounded by a pink ring, that just made you want to 
suckle on them.  Even afterwards, after all that we've done 
together, I still envy her children, who got to suck on them as 
much as they wanted, when they were babies.  Of course, that was 
much later.  At the time, I just wanted to reach out and feel 
them; to see if they were real.  I'd never seen anyone with bumps 
on their chest before, and didn't know what they were.  Most of 
the women I knew (like my mother) wore such baggy dresses, that 
you almost weren't sure they had breasts, let alone ones like 
these.  Of course, I was aware that older girls were different up 
top, but I had never really seen how different, until then.
     My sister saw my reaching hand, and stopped me.  "Later," 
she told me.  I was in ecstasy.  She hadn't said, "No!"  I felt 
like I was willing to wait forever, if she was going to let me.  
It was about this time, when my sister started to pull down her 
pants that she really blew my mind.  Karen was standing there 
naked, except for her lacy red panties (the same ones she had 
worn on that night, several months ago.), and was about to pull 
them off, when an idea occurred to her.  "You do it," she said.
     "Huh?"  I gaped at her.
     "You wanted to see what a girl looks like naked.  You take 
them off."
     I couldn't believe my ears, but that didn't stop me.  
Shivering with excitement, I reached for my sister's waist, and 
started pulling on the thin red elastic.  The feel of my big 
sister's skin against my fingertips sent a shock up my arm.  Her 
skin was so soft, and warm.  I jerked my hand away, as the feel 
of her creamy smooth skin almost burned my fingers.  Karen 
reached out, grabbed my hand, and placed it firmly back on her 
waist, where the top edge of her panties was.  I felt as if I was 
in heaven, as I hooked my thumbs in the elastic of her panties, 
and started pulling them down.  The thought burned in my mind: I 
was actually going to see my first naked pussy, not only of a 
girl, but of the most beautiful woman I have ever known.  (I 
know, I know.  My other two sisters were already standing naked 
next to me, with their naked pussies right out there where I 
could look at them; but at the moment, I wasn't even aware of 
their presence.)










                                6


     As I started pulling my sister's panties down, my nose 
suddenly notified me that my sister was a woman!  The warm musky 
smell that arose from my sister's crack, wasn't at all the same 
showered clean little-girl smell that I had noticed before.  If I 
had the experience then, that I have now, that smell would have 
had me knowing that I was going to get laid that night, because 
no woman I have ever known could get that excited, and still 
refuse me.  Still, at the moment, all I knew was that the smell 
excited me, and stimulated me beyond belief.  As I pulled my 
sister's panties down, the smell intensified, until I was almost 
ready to cum, even though I never had before.  My prick was so 
hard, I felt like I could drive nails with it.  Finally, I 
managed to get the panties down far enough that my sister could 
step out of them, and I stepped back, to look (really LOOK), at 
what I had uncovered.
     Did I mention before, that my sister Karen was gorgeous? I 
did?  Well, she was.  At 14, Karen looked like a goddess.  Even 
now, years later, at 24 she has a figure that most women would 
kill for, and Michelangelo would have given an arm, if he could 
have had her for a model.  At the time, to a 13 year old boy, a 
wet-dream doesn't do justice to the way she made me feel.  I 
stared at her, trying to memorize her body, from her perfect 
tits, down to the "vee" of her fuzzy little cunt, now slightly 
wet with excitement.  Her legs were perfectly shaped, and had 
just enough rounding to match the smooth roundedness of her plump 
little ass.  Up above, her face was set off by the most beautiful 
cascades of brown hair you could imagine, that reached almost to 
her waist.  Of course, I had always known that Karen had a 
beautiful face, and hair, so these didn't attract my attention, 
so much at that moment.  At that moment, my eyes were glued to 
the spot between her thighs, where the fuzz ended, and the puffy 
lips of her vagina could just be seen.  I didn't know, at the 
time, that the puffiness was caused by her excitement, at being 
seen naked by her own little brother.
     My reverie was broken by my little sister's excited words.  
"Can I touch it now?"  Diane was staring as raptly at my 
throbbing penis, as I had been staring at Karen.
     "Could she touch it?!"  It was almost as if a bomb exploded 
in my head.  There was nothing in the world I wanted more, than 
to have my little sister touch my cock.  Except, maybe having my 
big sister do it.  I barely managed to croak, "Unhuh," and 
incline my head, as I was speechless.
     Diane reached out, and stroked the head with her cool little 
fingers.  It was the last straw for me.  I was as surprised as 
she was, when my little peter began squirting a white liquid all 
over her hand, her naked little breasts, and flat little tummy.  
I had never cum before in my life, so at first I was worried that 
something bad was happening, until Karen spoke up and said, "Do 
it Mike.  That's it!  Cum on your little sister.  Squirt it all 
over her."  With this, Karen reached down, and milked the last 
drops of sperm onto my little sister, joining a trickle that was 
running down towards the little girl's slit.  Then Karen did 
something, that still gives me a thrill, when I think of it 
today.



                                7


     Karen reached down, and scooped up a big glob of sperm that 
was trickling down Diane's belly with her finger, and pushed the 
sperm-covered finger right up inside the little girl's slit.  
"This'll make you slipperier inside, and ready," she said.  Ready 
for what, she didn't say.  She added as almost an afterthought, 
"It's really all supposed to go up inside you.  I hate to see it 
go to waste."
     Taking Karen's comment as an instruction, Diane began 
scooping up the remaining gobs of white from her belly and 
breasts, and trying to put them inside herself.  After a few 
minutes of this, Diane had stopped trying to get more stuff 
inside her hole, and was just sliding her finger in and out, as 
she got more and more excited.  I recognized the symptoms of her 
excitement, as the same ones I got when I played with myself, so 
I started getting excited again too.
     "You do it for her," breathed Karen in my ear.  She was so 
excited herself, that she could barely breathe.  "Diane, you do 
Mike, while he does you."
     Diane had been lying back on the bed, working her finger in 
and out of her little slit, when Karen interrupted.  She turned 
out to be quite willing, however.  As I reached for my little 
sister, Diane reached for me, at almost the same moment.  Soon, I 
was sliding my big finger in and out of my little sister's slit, 
as she massaged my cock with her slippery little hand.  It wasn't 
long, before we were both gasping from excitement, as my little 
sister's vagina clutched my finger like a calf sucking on its 
mother's teat.
     Diane wasn't very far from her orgasm, and I was almost 
ready to squirt a second load of sperm all over my little 
sister's belly, when Karen stopped us.
     "Wait," she said, "let's do this right.  I'll help.  Diane, 
you lie back on the bed, and spread your legs.  Mike, you get 
between Diane's legs, and I'll show you what to do."
     Following my big sister's directions, I climbed on the bed, 
as Diane spread her legs, allowing me to climb between them.  I 
approached my little sister, with my prick bobbing, dribbling a 
clear liquid all over my little sister's leg.  Karen reached 
down, grabbed my swollen penis, and directed it into my little 
sister's hole.  "Now push!" she commanded, and I did.
     There was a slight snapping sensation, and Diane said, "Ow!" 
as my penis slid into her belly with a rush.  After that, neither 
of us was capable of saying a word, as we were suddenly grunting 
and groaning from our impeding climaxes.  I didn't really fuck my 
little sister.  That is, I didn't slide it in and out, as you 
might expect.  I was too excited for that, and so was Diane.  I 
just kept pushing my cock as hard as I could up inside the little 
11 year old girl, while she pushed back at me, just as hard.  
Diane had unconsciously wrapped her legs around me, and was 
working as hard as she could to force another inch of my cock up 
inside her.  All of a sudden it was too much.  The feeling of my 
little sister's smooth belly rubbing against mine, her panting in 
my ear, her legs around my waist, but most of all her tight 
little snatch squeezing and sucking on my prick like a milking 
machine gone out of control.  It was all too much.



                                8


     Suddenly, I was squirting thick sticky white stuff out of my 
penis again.  Only this time, I was squirting it where it 
belonged, right up inside the welcoming belly of my own 11 year 
old little sister.  Spasm after spasm shook me, as I emptied 
myself inside the little girl.  Diane was right with me.  As I 
reached my second climax of my life, my little sister reached 
what was probably her first.  Gasping and grunting, her little 
cunt spasmed around my squirting cock, milking every last drop up 
inside her tight little belly, and trying for more.  It was only 
when my penis had shrunk so that it couldn't remain inside her 
any more, that she finally slowed down.
     "Oh boy!" she panted in my ear.  "That was good!"
     I had to agree.  It was only afterwards, that we became 
aware of the two other interested parties watching us.
     "That," said Karen, "is called fucking.  Now you two know 
why everyone wants to do it!"
     "Oh," I said numbly.  "So that's what it is."
     Diane was too exhausted to do more, than just pant happily 
in my ear, as we lay there, with a bubble of white just starting 
to ooze up out of her tiny little slit.  "I don't care what they 
call it," she finally panted.  "I like it."  She gave me a hug.
     "I do too," I panted back in her ear, as I returned the hug.
     Suzy spoke up, for the first time, since entering the room.  
"That was awesome," said the 9 year old little girl.  "When can I 
do it?"
     "Are you sure you want to?" asked Karen.  "You're a little 
small."
     "I don't think I can, anyway," I said.  "I'm beat."
     "That's not fair!" said Suzy.  "I'm telling Mommy, that 
Diane got to fuck Mike, and I didn't!"
     Fear coursed through my veins.  Somehow, I knew that our 
parents wouldn't be too pleased to hear Suzy say that.  Karen 
must have been even more frightened.  "You can fuck too," she 
reassured the little girl.  "If you really want to.  But you've 
got to promise you won't tell anybody!"
     "Not anybody?" asked the little girl.  "Not even Mommy?"
     "Especially not Mom, or Dad either," said Karen.  "If you 
tell either of them, they'll probably make us stop.  Is that what 
you want?"  Everybody in the room, held their breath, until Suzy 
made up her mind.
     "No," said Suzy.  "OK.  I won't tell.  But Mike's got to 
fuck me, just like he did Diane.  It's only fair."
     "If you really want to," I said, secretly thrilled by the 
idea, but trying to act bored, as if I got to fuck 9 year old 
girls every day.  "But you'll have to wait, until I get hard 
again."  After cumming once on, and another time, in, one little 
sister, my once erect penis now looked like a wet-noodle.
     "That can be fixed," giggled Karen.  "Come here, little 
sister.  If you want to fuck, you'll have to learn how to get it 
up," she continued, as Suzy came over, and looked at my limp 
member.  "Now first, get ahold of it.   Easy!" she added, as Suzy 
grabbed my cock with a grip that threatened to tear it off.  "Now 
lick it, and suck it," she said.




                                9


     "But it's all gooey, and it's been inside Diane's. . ."  
Suzy's voice trailed off.
     "That just makes it taste good," said Karen, almost blowing 
my mind again.  "Here, let me show you, what I mean."  With this, 
my older sister reached out, took my penis in her hand, leaned 
over me, so that her hair was brushing my stomach, and. . . 
and. . . and she swallowed my cock!  At first, I was scared that 
she was going to bite it off, or something, but then the feeling 
of her warm mouth, and lively little tongue on my little peter 
hit me like a sledgehammer.
     "Oooh!" I moaned.  "Gee that feels good."  Karen was right 
alongside me now, and I couldn't resist reaching out, and feeling 
my big sister's gorgeous ass, that was now only a foot away.  
Karen didn't pull away, as I started feeling her up, she just 
kept bobbing her head up and down on my penis, until it started 
to expand again.
     "See.  Like that," she told Suzy, as she reluctantly pulled 
her mouth off my swelling cock.  "Now, let's see you do it."
     Obediently, Suzy leaned over, and started sucking, as Karen 
straightened up.  My hand slipped down over her ass, and between 
her thighs, feeling a drool of wetness coming from the hair 
between my big sister's legs.  "Ow!" I said, as Suzy's teeth 
rubbed against the tip of my cock.  "Don't bite it.  Just suck 
it, like Karen did."
     "Sorry," mumbled Suzy around my cock.  This time, the little 
girl did better.  Soon, my little sister was sucking up and down, 
as if she'd been doing it for years.  The stimulation of Suzy's 
blow-job, and feeling up my big sister (not to mention smelling 
her!), soon had me to the point I was about to erupt again.
     "Unh," I warned, "Suzy, I'm gonna'. . ."  I didn't know how 
to say it, but I was about to cum in my horny little sister's 9 
year old mouth.
     Karen did know how to say it.  "Suzy!  Stop!" she commanded.  
"If you keep that up, he's going to squirt his cum in your 
mouth."
     Suzy paused, and replied, "I don't mind.  You were right,  
It tastes good.  He can squirt in my mouth, if he wants to."
     Karen interrupted again, as Suzy's mouth started to descend 
again to my throbbing prick.  "I thought you wanted to fuck," she 
said.  "If you suck him off, You won't get fucked."
     "Oh," said Suzy.  "What do I do now, then?"
     "Well," said Karen, "you can either climb on top of him, and 
put it in yourself, or you can have him do it, like he did to 
Diane."
     Suzy looked at my erect member, and gulped.  "I think I'll 
do it like Diane did," she squeaked.  "I don't think I could do 
it on top."  With this, the little girl lay back on the bed, 
alongside me, and said, "OK Mike, Do it to me.  Fuck me, just 
like you did Diane."








                                10


     I looked over at my big sister. Karen was rubbing herself 
between the legs, obviously just as excited as we were.  "Do it 
Mike," she said.  "Fuck your little sister.  Let me see you 
impregnate your own sister.  Squirt your cum in her Mike."  Karen 
was obviously in some kind of fantasy of her own.  Not really 
understanding what my big sister was babbling about, except that 
she wanted to see me fuck our little sister, I approached Suzy, 
and put the tip of my stiff cock up against the little girl's 
tiny little hole.
     I pushed.  Nothing happened, except that my cock bent under 
the strain.  I pushed in harder.  Still nothing.
     "Dammit!" said Suzy.  "Why won't it go in?"
     "You're just too small," I said.  "It won't fit."
     Karen spoke up again.  "Get her slippery, with your cum, 
then push."
     Following my big sister's directions, I took a glob of cum 
that was leaking out of the tip of my penis, and rubbed it around 
the little girl's hole.  Then, placing the tip up against the 
slit, I started pushing again.  Slowly, my cock started to slide 
into my little sister.
     "Ow!" said Suzy, as the head of my cock suddenly slipped 
inside her.
     "Do you want me to stop?" I asked, anxiously.  The feeling 
of the little girl's vagina squeezing on the tip of my cock was 
exquisite.  It was so tight, and so lively.  I could feel my 
sister's involuntary spasms; as her tight little cunt milked the 
head of my cock.
     "No.  Just go easy huh?" gasped Suzy.
     I couldn't go too easy, or it wouldn't go in; my little 
sister was so tight.  Still, I did my best.  Working the tip in 
and out, each time, until it wouldn't go in any farther.  I still 
had over half of my cock outside the little girl.  "That's as far 
as it'll go," I said, somewhat disappointed.
     Suzy was almost crying in disappointment also.  "That's it?" 
she asked.  "Diane took a lot more than that!"
     Karen said something to the effect:  "You've got to bust her 
cherry."
     "Huh?" said Suzy and I together, not understanding.
     Karen mumbled something to herself, that sounded like, 
"Idiot Kids!"  Then she reached some kind of decision.  The next 
thing I knew, my big sister had walloped me on the behind with 
her bare hand.  I don't know where she got the strength, but if 
felt like it was going to raise a blister, she hit me so hard.
     My yowl of pain, was echoed by a screech from my little 
sister.  In pulling away from the swat Karen had delivered; I had 
forced my cock all the way up inside Suzy, tearing something 
inside her.
     "What'dya' do that for?" I asked.  "I think I tore Suzy 
inside.  Are you OK Suzy?" I asked my little sister.
     "It hurts!" said Suzy, sending a black look at our older 
sister.
     "O God!" I said.  "She's bleeding!  We'd better get her to 
the hospital!  What are you waiting for Karen?  Suzy's hurt!"




                                11


     My big sister seemed to be in some kind of fit.  Then I 
realized!  Karen was laughing!  "I can see it now," she chortled.  
"Nurses running all over the place, and when they ask what 
happened, we tell them, 'Oh nothing, Suzy just got her cherry 
popped by her big brother!'"  Karen started laughing harder than 
ever.
     By this time, I had figured that it couldn't be too serious, 
if Karen was taking it so lightly.  "What do you mean, cherry 
popped?" I asked.  "It felt like I tore something inside Suzy."
     "It hurts," repeated Suzy.
     Karen finally composed herself enough to answer, "It's 
supposed to hurt."  She continued to me, "And you did tear 
something inside her.  Her 'cherry,' or maidenhead, you dummy.  
You just took your little sister's virginity."
     All of a sudden a light began to dawn.  I vaguely remembered 
something about a piece of tissue that women had inside their 
vagina's from our parent's lessons.
     "You mean I'm not a virgin any more?" sniffled Suzy.
     "Technically no," giggled Karen, then continued, "Some 
people don't think it counts, until a guy cums inside you though.  
You are going to cum inside her, aren't you?" she asked me.
     I looked at my little sister questioningly.  If she said no, 
I'd make do somehow.
     Suzy gulped, then asked, "Will it hurt?"
     Karen nodded.  "Just a little, this time.  Next time, not so 
much.  Probably not at all, after that.  When I first got fucked, 
it felt so good when the guy squirted his cum inside me, I forgot 
all about the pain."
     Suzy gulped again, but said bravely, "Do it big brother.  
Fuck me, and cum in me, like Karen says."
     My prick had gone soft, when I thought Suzy was hurt, but 
had risen again when the two girls started talking about 
squirting cum inside them.  Once more, I approached my little 
sister, and pushed the head of my cock up against her tight 
little hole.  This time, my penis slid all the way up inside the 
little girl when I pushed.
     "Ooof!" said Suzy.  Then, "It's OK Mike.  It doesn't hurt 
too much."
     I looked down at where my cock was buried in my little 
sister's belly.  Suzy's legs were spread, and her little slit was 
obscenely stretched around the base of my swollen penis.  I could 
feel the involuntary flutters of the child's vagina squeezing on 
my cock with a tightness that was almost unbelievable.  The 
little girl was almost milking me off, and I wasn't even moving.  
I flexed my prick, and saw Suzy's belly bulge.  I felt like I 
could reach down and grab my prick through the skin of my little 
sister's belly, and jack myself off inside her.
     "Ooh!  That feels good Mike.  Do that again!" said Suzy.
     Once again, I flexed my prick inside my little sister, 
drawing a groan from her.  "More!" she gasped.







                                12


     I pulled about an inch of my cock out of my sister, then 
pushed it back in again.  "Unnggh!" said Suzy.  I did it again; 
only this time, Suzy pushed back.  The last half-inch of my cock 
slid inside the little girl.  The tightness was unbelievable.  I 
pulled out, then slid it home again, and watched in amazement, as 
ripples ran down my little sister's belly, while her vagina went 
into spasms around my cock.  Squeeze, squeeeeze, SQUEEZE.  The 
little girl was gasping incoherently now.  "Ungh  Ungh  
Uuuunnngghh!"
     It was too much for me.  Once again my cock squirted the 
thick milky stuff that Karen called cum inside my sister.  Only 
this was my little 9 year old sister, Suzy.
     "That's it," groaned Karen in my ear, as she watched me 
mating with our little sister.  "Cum in her Mike.  Let me see you 
knock the kid up."  Karen was back in her fantasy again.
     "Huh?" I gasped, not understanding.  Besides, the feeling of 
my little sister's vagina milking the sperm out of my cock was 
too intense for me to hold a very intelligible conversation.
     "Squirt your sperm inside your little sister," amplified 
Karen.  "I wantta' watch you make a baby in Suzy."
     All of a sudden, my big sister's words made sense.  A man 
squirted something inside a girl to make a baby.  I was squirting 
something inside Suzy.  I was making a baby inside my own little 
sister!  It was way too late to pull out, and besides my big 
sister's fantasy was catching.  "Ooooh.   OooooH!" I groaned.  
"Take it Suzy.  Take my cum.  Let me make a baby inside you."  
All this, while sending squirt after big thick sticky squirt of 
incestuous sperm right up inside my little 9 year old sister's 
unprotected young womb.
     By now, Suzy had caught Karen's meaning, and was just as 
excited by the idea as I was.  "Do it," she gasped, working even 
harder, if possible.  "Make a baby in me Mike.  Let me feel you 
squirt the stuff that makes babies inside me."
     I pushed up one last time, and let the last of my sperm 
trickle into the little girl's vagina, then collapsed on top of 
my little sister.  "Ooooh!" I gasped.  "Thanks Little Sister."
     "Thank You!" gasped Suzy in return.  The little girl's 
breathing in my ear slowly subsided.
     "Wow!" said Diane, as she watched us slowly recovering. "So 
that's how people make babies."  Suddenly, she turned to our big 
sister.  "Does that mean I'm pregnant?" she asked.  "I'm not sure 
I'm ready to have a baby yet."
     Karen reassured her, telling us that both she and Suzy were 
too young yet to have babies, but would know they were old 
enough, when they started bleeding each month from their vagina.  
"In the meantime," she said, "you can fuck all you want, without 
having to worry, like I do.  It was just kind of fun to pretend 
that Mike was actually making a baby in you."
     I was just starting to breathe easier, when Diane said, 
"Bleeding from your vagina?  I did that last week.  Mommy showed 
me how to wear pads, to keep it from making a mess."






                                13


     "O Shit!" said Karen, turning white.  Then, "Well, we'll 
just have to see.  You probably won't get pregnant.  It's your 
first time, and you just started having periods.  Hopefully you 
won't catch.  In the meantime, I'd better get some rubbers, if 
you're going to be fucking Mike.  I know that once I started, I 
couldn't stop, so I imagine it'll be the same with you two."
     Diane then turned to me, and said something that I still 
treasure to this day.  "I don't mind, if you get me pregnant, 
Mike.  You can make a baby in me, if you want to."
     At this, Karen started shuddering.  At first, I thought she 
was scared.  Then I realized what was happening.  My big sister 
was cumming.  The thought of me getting Diane pregnant, along 
with me feeling her up (by this time, my fingers had made their 
way up to Karen's damp pussy, and I had unconsciously been 
sliding my finger in and out between the lips of her slippery 
vagina), had caused Karen to climax also.  Shortly, Karen 
collapsed on the bed alongside me, pulling my finger out of her 
as she fell.  It almost felt as though she was breaking my arm, 
as she crumpled on the bed, on top of my arm.  "Oh Fuck, fuck, 
FUCK"  My big sister's words got louder, as she desperately 
grabbed her crotch.  "I need a FUCK" she exclaimed.
     "Fuck her," said Diane.
     "But," I started.
     "Yeah.  Fuck her," breathed Suzy in my ear.  "She looks like 
she needs it bad."
     I looked at my big sister again.  She did look in need of 
something.  She was rubbing herself between the legs, straining 
for something that didn't seem to come, and getting more and more 
desperate about it.  I could see tears running out of the corners 
of her eyes, as she strained.
     "But what if?" I started again.
     "You heard her, she's already been fucking.  Go ahead, 
before she loses it," reassured Diane.
     I looked again at Karen.  She kept straining so hard, and 
didn't seem to be making it.  "OK," I said, "here goes."
     With this, I climbed over my sister's leg, and started 
forcing her legs apart, as I got ready to push my newly erect 
penis up in my big sister's vagina. A dribble of sperm still 
leaked from the head, so I knew there would be enough 
lubrication.
     Karen suddenly realized what I was doing.  "Oh Mike.  What 
are you? . . . Oh.  You mustn't. . .  Oh that feels good."  Her 
words were disorganized, and her body obviously wasn't listening, 
because she was pushing her hips up to meet mine, all the while 
trying to say something about how we shouldn't be doing this.  
"Oh Mike.  You shouldn't be doing this to your sister," she said, 
ignoring the fact that I had already been doing this to both of 
my other two sisters, with her encouragement.  While she said 
this, her squirming had taken half my cock up inside her vagina.








                                14


     "Oh God Mike, that feels good!" she said, hunching back at 
me.  "But I could get pregnant.  You've got to pull out!"  All 
the while squirming her belly against mine, and forcing more and 
more of my swollen penis up inside herself.  "Oh god Mike," she 
repeated.  "I could have a baby.  Just the sperm on your cock 
right now, could get me pregnant," she said, looking down between 
our bodies where the light fuzz around the base of my cock had 
met her pubic hair.  "You don't want to make a baby in me do you 
Mike?"
     I couldn't say a word.  The inside of my big sister's vagina 
was unbelievably hot.  My other two sisters had been tighter, but 
Karen's vagina was pulling and squeezing on my swollen cock in a 
manner that showed me that my other two sisters had a long way to 
go.
     "Do you Mike?" repeated Karen, wrapping her legs around me, 
so I couldn't have gotten away, if I wanted to.  "Do you want to 
make a baby in me? . . . Make a baby in me? . . . Make a baby in 
me. . . Oh Mike!" she breathed, panting heavily in my ear.  "Do 
it!  Make a baby in me.  Knock me up, Mike.  Get me pregnant with 
your cum.  Squirt the stuff that makes babies in your big 
sister's womb, and make a baby in her."
     My sister's actions were finally too much for me.  Her 
vagina was squeezing on my cock, like a milking machine.  Her 
words were almost as stimulating.  I couldn't help myself.  I 
knew I was going to ejaculate my sperm one more time that 
afternoon, and I didn't have any choice, of where it would go.  
Even if I had wanted to withdraw from inside my big sister, I 
couldn't have.  Her legs were wrapped around me, as the urge to 
reproduce had overtaken her, and she strove mightily to mate with 
her own brother.  I felt the first trickle of cum spurt up inside 
my big sister.
     Karen must have felt it or something, because her actions 
grew wilder, if possible.  "Oh God!" she exclaimed, as her vagina 
suddenly went into spasms around my cock.  "You're doing it.  
You're cumming in me! . . . My handsome little brother is cumming 
in me. . . . Do it little brother.  Cum in your big sister, and 
get her pregnant.  I want to feel my little brother making a baby 
in my belly."
     That was the last straw.  This time, the feeling of my 
sister's vagina squeezing my prick sent me over the edge, and I 
began squirting my cum inside her.  Spasm after spasm shook me, 
as I tried to empty myself in my big sister's womb.  I didn't 
know if I was really going to impregnate my big sister, but I 
sure tried!  At first I had been scared at the thought of 
accidentally getting Karen pregnant, but her fantasy had been too 
exciting, and now the thought that I might be planting a baby 
inside my big sister's womb was so thrilling it was unbelievable.  
Hearing Karen beg me to impregnate her, was doubly thrilling.
     After all that I had been through, I didn't have as much cum 
left as I would have liked, but still, I must have left at least 
three good squirts of sperm inside my sister.  Karen's vagina 
clamped down like a vise on my cock, stripping the last of my cum 
up inside her belly, as she finished her climax at the same time.
     "Oh God," she breathed in my ear.  "That was good."



                                15


     I had to agree.  I would have been happy to spend the rest 
of my life, laying on top of my big sister, with her warm vagina 
holding my relaxing penis, giving it an occasional friendly 
squeeze, as she milked the last of my sperm up into her womb, but 
all of a sudden, Karen suddenly seemed to realize what she had 
just done.  I felt my big sister suddenly stiffen beneath me, as 
her vagina tightened around my cock, stripping the last of my 
sperm into her vagina, as she pulled away.
     "Oh God!" she repeated, only this time it was almost 
frightened.  "You came in me!"  She looked at me accusingly, as 
she pushed me off her body.
     I was too confused, and tired to disagree, or argue.  I 
nodded.  Wasn't that what she had been asking me to do?
     Karen didn't even seem to notice.  "Oh God," she said again.  
"My own brother came in me!  My own brother!  Oh God!  I'm 
pregnant by my own brother.  What'll Mom say.  Oh God!  What'll 
DADDY say?  What'll I do?"  Suddenly Karen jerked upright on the 
bed.  "Maybe it's not too late.  Most people don't get pregnant 
the first time.  Oh God.  I hope I'm not pregnant!"  With this, 
Karen jumped off the bed, and dashed out of the room.
     Worriedly, the rest of us followed her.  We found our big 
sister sitting on the toilet, where little dribbles of white were 
slowly dripping out of her swollen vagina.
     "Why don't you douche, if you don't want to get pregnant?" 
asked Diane.
     Karen looked over at our worried faces.  I felt like I was 
going to cry.  I loved my big sister too much to want her to get 
into trouble.  Karen must have known what I was feeling because 
her first words were to reassure me.  "It's OK Mike," she said.  
"It's my fault.  I should have stopped you.  You didn't know.  
Even now, it's kind of thrilling to think of carrying your baby, 
but Mom and Dad would have fits, if I got pregnant.  Especially 
by my own brother."  Karen then turned to Diane, and answered 
her.  "If you douche. you just wash it up inside you.  I'm just 
going to sit here for about 20 minutes, and let it drain out.  
Then I'll wipe it with tissue, and try to soak up what's left.  
After that, I just guess I'll have to hope."  She turned a smile 
on me to show that she wasn't mad.  "Mike, could you get me that 
book from my dresser, so I don't get bored while I sit here?"
     Reassured, Diane and Suzy went back to my room to dress, 
while I fetched the book for my big sister.  On my return, Karen 
smiled at me, and whispered confidentially, "It's OK Mike.  I did 
like it.  I almost wish I did have the nerve to let you do it to 
me.  Fuck me, and knock me up, and make a baby in me, and 
everything.  It's just that I'm scared. Of what Mom would say, 
and Daddy, and the kids at school too.  Maybe them, most of all."
     "I'd never tell," I said.  "Neither would Diane or Suzy."
     "I know," she said.  "Now you'd better go get dressed also, 
before someone comes over, like Danny, or Marilyn."  This last, 
was in reference to Suzy's friend, who almost spent as much time 
with Suzy, as Danny did with me.
     Happily now, I hurried to my room to comply.  This morning, 
I hadn't known what girls even looked like naked.  Now. . . All I 
could think of was: "WOW!"



                                16


     That night, as I was getting ready for bed, Diane quietly 
slipped into my room.  I started to ask her what she wanted, when 
she made it obvious by holding her finger to her lips, while she 
slipped out of the soft cotton panties that was all that she was 
wearing.
     "Mike," she whispered, "can we do it again?"
     "Huh?" I replied, not very intelligently.
     "Can we fuck?" she begged.  "I really liked it this 
afternoon, and I couldn't stop thinking about it all day.  Just 
thinking about when you put your penis up inside my vagina, and 
squirted your. . . your cum inside me has me so excited, I don't 
think I can sleep.  If we could do it again, maybe I'd be able to 
get it off my mind enough to relax a little.  Please?"
     "We'd have to be careful," I said, thinking it over.  "If 
Mom or Daddy heard us. . ."  Our parents had returned that 
evening, otherwise I might have been more eager.
     "They're watching TV, and think me and Suzy are asleep," 
reassured Diane.  "Suzy said she'd keep an eye out for me.  Now 
can we?  Please?"
     "Gee Sis, I dunno," I waffled.  It wasn't that I didn't want 
to fuck my little sister.  Far from it.  I was so excited by the 
idea; I could hardly talk.  Still, after Karen had said that 
afternoon. . . "Karen hasn't gotten us any rubbers yet, and I 
might accidentally get you pregnant."
     Diane suddenly grinned, brightening up the whole room.  
"Thanks, big brother, for caring.  But if I get pregnant tonight, 
it won't be an 'accident'."
     "Huh?"
     "Mike," said my little sister.  "Remember this afternoon, 
when Karen told us that I might get pregnant, since I had already 
started having periods?"
     I nodded cautiously.
     "Remember that Karen went to the bathroom to drain your. . . 
your sperm out of her vagina, so she wouldn't get pregnant?"
     Again I nodded.
     "Well I didn't," said Diane.
     I gaped at my little sister.
     Diane nodded.  "That's right," she said.  "Karen drained 
your sperm out of her vagina, so she wouldn't get pregnant.  
After we finished, I went into my bedroom, and lay down on the 
bed, and let your sperm soak in, hoping that I might get 
pregnant.  All afternoon, I've been lying on my bed, thinking 
about carrying your baby inside my womb, and getting more and 
more excited at the idea.  Finally, I couldn't stand it any more, 
and that's why I came in here.  This time, I want you to fuck me, 
and squirt your sperm inside me, and 
try
 to make a baby in me.  
Karen told me that most girls my age don't get pregnant, even if 
they do fuck, so it's pretty safe.  I just want to feel you 
'doing it for real,' at least once.  Tomorrow Karen's going to 
get those rubbers, so we'll be safe.  Besides," she finished, 
"I've still got your cum inside me from this afternoon.  If I 
could get pregnant today, I probably already am.  There'll 
probably be no safer time, than right now.  Well Mike?"




                                17


     I couldn't argue with my little sister's logic.  Besides, I 
didn't want to.  "OK Little Sister," I replied, with a grin that 
felt like it was going to crack my face in two.  "You want it, 
You've got it.  But we'll have to be quiet.  If Mom or Dad heard 
us. . ."
     Diane nodded, suddenly serious.  "I'll be quiet," she said.
     Suddenly, it seemed as though I was all thumbs, as I hurried 
to remove the last vestiges of my clothes, and get as naked as my 
little sister.  Diane hurriedly stifled a giggle, as she watched 
me struggle to get my pants and socks off at the same time.  "How 
do you want to do it?" I asked.
     "Just like this afternoon," said Diane.  "Only. . . We'd 
better do it on the floor.  If Mom or Dad heard the bed squeak
ing. . . "
     I shivered at the thought.  Hurriedly, I grabbed the 
bedspread, and made a soft-spot on the floor.  Diane lay down on 
her back, with her legs spread, and waited.
     "Are you sure you want this?" I asked, as I approached my 
little sister with my swollen prick leaking a clear fluid, while 
threatening to explode sticky stuff all over my sister's belly, 
instead of inside it, where it belonged.
     Diane nodded.
     That was enough for me.  This time, I when I pushed my cock 
up against my little sister's hole, we both knew what to expect.  
There was a moment's straining sensation, then I felt a tight 
ring slide down my prick, as I watched it vanish inside my little 
sister's slit.
     "Aaaghh.  That's good!" groaned Diane, as she pushed back at 
me, until we both felt the light fuzz around the base of my cock 
come to rest against her bare pussy lips.  "Now fuck me, Big 
Brother, and cum in me.  Your little sister wants to feel her big 
brother squirting the thick sticky white stuff that makes babies 
up inside her womb.  Do it Mike.  Get me pregnant with your cum.  
Make a baby in my belly.  Please?  I've wanted to have a baby, 
ever since I saw Marcia's belly so big last year, when she got 
pregnant."  (Marcia was our 16-year-old cousin who had gotten 
pregnant for the second time at the ripe old age of 15.  She had 
her first baby when she was only 13, but we didn't know that 
then.)  "Come on big brother," repeated Diane, "make my belly get 
big, with your baby inside me."
     My little sister's words were too exciting.  Hearing the 
little girl begging me to get her pregnant, was too much.  I had 
barely gotten my prick completely up inside Suzy's vagina, and 
started to stroke in and out, when her words penetrated, throwing 
me over the edge.  I had wanted to enjoy the feeling of the 
little girl's tight little vagina squeezing on my cock,  but I 
couldn't help myself.  Hearing my own little 11 year old sister 
begging me to get her pregnant was too much.  I gave my sister 
what she wanted.  I began squirting thick sticky gobs of 
incestuous sperm inside my little sister's tight little hole.  
Spasm after spasm shook me, as squirt after thick sticky squirt 
of baby-juice forced its way our of the head of my penis, and 
into the welcoming belly of my horny little sister.




                                18


     Feeling me ejaculating my potent sperm into her fertile 
young womb, was enough to make Diane reach her climax also.  The 
little girl began flopping uncontrollably on the bedspread, as 
her climax overtook her.
     "Auugh!" she said, starting to scream, as her orgasm ripped 
through her little body.
     I had to put my hand over my little sister's mouth, before 
our parents were attracted by the sound.
     Diane's eyes went wide, as she realized how close she had 
come to screaming.  She grabbed a corner of the bedspread, and  
forced it into her mouth, to keep from yelling, as she continued 
to jerk underneath me.  Several times, my cock almost came out of 
her, but Diane somehow managed to keep my cock inside her vagina 
as she flopped and jerked throughout her orgasm.  All the while, 
the little girl's vagina was squeezing and milking on my cock, 
extracting every last drop of my sperm up inside her belly, until 
I could go no further.  Thankfully, Diane was coming down from 
her orgasm, as my cock would no longer stay hard, having left 
every drop of cum I possessed up inside my little sisters 11 year 
old womb.
     Afterwards, we cuddled together on the bedspread, as my limp 
cock slipped out of my little sister's cum filled vagina.
     "Thanks Big Brother," said Diane.  "I needed that."
     "So did I, Little Sister," I replied.  "I hope you don't get 
pregnant."
     "I do," replied Diane, nearly blowing my mind.  "Or at 
least, I don't mind if I do.  Like I said earlier, you can get me 
pregnant, if you want to.  I wouldn't mind."
     The thought was thrilling, but scary too.  "Dad'd kill me, 
if he found out that I got you pregnant," I said.
     "I'll never tell on you.  If Daddy, or anyone else asks, 
I'll just say that some older man got me pregnant, and I don't 
want them to get in trouble.  If I don't tell on you, they'll 
never even think it was you.  The only ones who would know, are 
Suzy and Karen, and they'd never tell.  They don't dare, because 
they've been doing the same thing themselves.  Do you want to 
make a baby in me?"
     I didn't know, and I told Diane so, that I wasn't sure.
     Pulling on her panties, Diane told me that she was going to 
sleep that night, with her big brother's sperm soaking in her 
belly.  "Tomorrow," she said, as she prepared to leave, "we'll 
use those rubbers of Karen's.  At least, until you decide you 
want to make a baby with me.  I can wait."
     My head was spinning.  I knew I was a little young, to think 
of the responsibilities of having a baby.  And Diane was younger 
than I was!  Though at the moment, it had seemed as though she 
was 10 years older than me.  I decided that we'd better wait to 
have a baby, at least for a couple of years.  That is, unless she 
was already pregnant.  I shivered at the thought, of my little 
sister's belly swelling with my baby growing inside.  It was 
scary, but thrilling also.  I turned out the light and climbed 
into bed.





                                19


     About an hour later, I was awakened by the feeling of 
someone climbing into bed with me.  I turned over, and felt the 
naked skin of a little girl next to me.  "Oh God Diane, didn't 
you get enough earlier?" I asked.  My suddenly erect cock put the 
lie to my protestations though.
     "It's me, Suzy," giggled my little sister.  "Diane's asleep.  
That 'injection' you gave her, put her right to sleep.  I 
couldn't sleep, thinking of what you two did, and what we did 
earlier, so I thought you might help me out too."
     "But what if," I began to object.
     "Oh don't be silly.  Diane told me about your fears, and 
what she said.  Mom and Daddy are asleep now, and I'm the one 
woman (well girl) in the house that doesn't have to worry about 
getting pregnant.  We can fuck as much as we want, and not have 
to worry about me having a baby.  At least, not yet.  Maybe when 
I get older, we can do it for real.  Right now, we can practice 
making a baby, as much as we want to, without having to worry.  
Now come here big brother, and fuck me."
     With this, the little 9 year old girl backed up to me, and 
placed the head of my cock against the entrance to her slippery 
little hole.  "Now push it up inside me," she said.
     I knew I wasn't going to get any sleep that night, if I kept 
on arguing, (and maybe even if I didn't) so I pushed the head of 
my cock into my little sister's slippery little slit.
     "Unh!" said Suzy, as the head of my cock slipped into her 
tight little hole.  Then, "Ow!" as it slipped past the remnants 
of her virginity.  "Go easy for a bit," she squeaked.  "Let me 
get used to it first."
     Having cum in Diane, not too long ago, I wasn't so horny 
this time, so I was able to do as my little sister asked, and 
just rest with my penis tucked up inside the little girl's body, 
enjoying the feeling of her vagina squeezing on my prick, while 
it leaked pre-cum inside her.  The next thing I knew, I was 
asleep.
     It must have been about two hours later, when I started to 
turn over in my sleep, and the pulling on my penis woke me up.  
As I started to turn over, the little girl's vagina clamped down 
on my cock, as the lubrication that had been there earlier had 
dried up, and my penis was now stuck inside her.  I knew I 
could
 
pull out, but I didn't really want to.  Besides, it would wake 
Suzy up, and she seemed to be sleeping so peacefully, with my 
cock stuck up inside her vagina.
     I wrapped my arm around my little sister, cupping her 
budding breast in my hand.  Suzy snuggled back to me, in her 
sleep, obviously enjoying my hand on her breast, and my penis in 
her vagina.  As she snuggled back to me, my cock slid all the way 
home in the little girl's vagina.  Wow, did that feel good.  I 
stopped thinking about pulling out, and concentrated on enjoying 
the feeling of my little sister's body against mine, and her 
tight little hole massaging my prick.







                                20


     I pulled out a little.  Boy that felt good.
     Next I pushed in, until the little girl's bare pussy was 
rubbing against the base of my cock.  That felt good also.
     Back out again.  This time a little easier, as pre-cum 
leaked from the head of my cock, making it slipperier inside the 
little girl.
     Back in again.  I was actually fucking my 9 year old little 
sister in her sleep.
     Out again, then in again.  I knew I wasn't going to last 
much longer.  After about three more strokes, I felt a pulsing 
start in the head of my penis, and I knew I was ejaculating my 
seed right up inside my own little sister's 9 year old womb.  It 
felt so good to feel my sperm flow into the belly of the sleeping 
little girl while she snuggled back against me, and my arm 
stroked the child's belly and developing little titties.  After a 
bit, I fell asleep again, with my cock still dripping cum in the 
little girl's womb.
     Later on that night, it happened again.  I started to turn 
over, only my little sister's arms were wrapped around the one I 
had been feeling her titties with, and she wouldn't let me go. 
She obviously was enjoying having my arm around her, and didn't 
want me to move away.  My cock had shrunk inside the little girl, 
but feeling her bare skin against mine, and her (now slippery) 
vagina massaging my cock, soon had me fully erect, and sliding my 
cock in and out of my little sister again.  This time, I enjoyed 
a nice long screw.  It must have been at least a half an hour, 
that I lay there sliding my engorged penis in and out of the 
child's vagina before I lost control and sent another helping of 
potent sperm squirting high up inside the sleeping little girl's 
developing young womb.  This time, I did pull away from my 
sister's clasping arms, and squeezing little vagina, as my cock 
was no longer stiff enough to remain inside the little girl.
     The next thing I knew, it was almost morning, and I was 
awakened by someone thumping on my back.  Suzy was beating on me 
with her little fists;  not really hard, but hard enough to wake 
me up, and to want her to stop.  "What's the matter?" I managed 
to groan.
     "You bastard," said Suzy.
     "Huh?" I replied.
     "You dirty bastard," repeated Suzy.  "You fucked me last 
night, didn't you."
     "I thought you wanted it."  I was confused.
     "That's right.  I wanted it.  And you, you bastard, you 
fucked me, and didn't even wake me up, so that I could enjoy it.  
Damn you!"
     "Oh!"  It seemed to be the most intelligent thing I could 
say.  "Well, If that's all, we could do it now, if you want to."
     Suddenly Suzy smiled.  "You mean it?" she asked.  "I thought 
you wouldn't be able to do it again, that's why I got so mad.  
Can we do it now?"  The little girl's enthusiasm was catching.
     I looked over at the clock.  Two hours before time to get 
up.  We still had time.  I nodded my head, as I turned over, and 
lay on my back.  I was too sleepy to get on top, so I motioned to 
Suzy to do so.



                                21


       The little girl's eyes brightened.  "You mean I get on top 
this time?" she asked.  At my nod, the little girl spread her 
legs, and climbed over my body, pushing the sheets out of the 
way.  I watched as my little sister reached down and placed the 
tip of my cock against her tight little slit, and then started 
working my engorged member up into her body.  The little girl's 
body looked unbelievably small, but my sister kept working 
herself downward, until her bare little pussy was splayed out 
around the base of my cock, and the head was once again leaking 
pre-cum in the little girl's womb.  Now I have mentioned that my 
older sister Karen, is the sort of woman I dream about.  While 
little girls are fun, women like my big sister, are what I really 
dream about.  Well, that morning, my little sister Suzy almost 
had me switching to little girls for my wet-dreams.  Right then, 
it was like a wet-dream, as the child worked herself off on my 
cock.  Suzy started rising and falling on my cock, getting 
slipperier and slipperier, as she approached her orgasm.  Having 
cum three times that night, I was in no hurry myself to cum.  
Still, watching my little sister working for her orgasm, and 
hearing her encouraging me to squirt my sperm inside her, all the 
while watching the perfect little-girl body sliding up and down 
on my cock while the tight ring of the little girl's cunt 
repeatedly squeezed my penis, as she tried to milk the cum out of 
my cock, and into her vagina would have been enough to get a 
statue to cum, let alone a boy as horny as I was.  After about 10 
minutes, I let my little 9 year old sister have it.  I poured 
what seemed like gallons of incestuous sperm into the little 
girl's belly.  Over and over again, my cock squirted, until 
finally I knew my sister had all I was going to be able to give.
     Suzy seemed to be content.  Together we snuggled up and went 
back to sleep, still facing each other, and my cock still 
snuggled up in the child's tight little slit.
     I woke up about an hour later feeling cold.  Suzy was no 
longer there.  She had returned to her room with her sister, and 
had left the covers half off the bed.
     Groggily, I hurried down the hallway to the bathroom, where 
it seemed like I pissed 5 gallons of pee, that I must have been 
holding in all night.  I staggered back to my room, hoping to get 
in another hour's sleep, before I had to get up.  It was not to 
be.  I had barely gotten in my bed, when the door opened, and my 
big sister, Karen sneaked into the room, wearing a lacy thing 
that barely covered her bosom (I learned later, that it was 
called a negligee), and a lacy pair of panties, that I could see 
right through.  A slight stain darkened the front of the panties.
     "Oh Mike!" breathed Karen.  "I'm so glad you're awake.  
You've got to help me!"
     "What's the matter?" I yawned.
     "I haven't been able to sleep all night," said Karen.  "'You 
remember yesterday, when you came in me, and I said that you 
might have gotten me pregnant?"
     I was suddenly wide awake as chills ran down my back.  
Ignoring my suddenly erect prick; I gasped worriedly, "You mean, 
you're? . . ."  I couldn't bring myself to say the word, 
"pregnant."



                                22


     Karen must have been following my line of thought, because 
she suddenly giggled.  "No, Silly!  I'm not pregnant, or at least 
I don't think so.  I won't know, until my next period, or about 
two weeks.  It's just that I keep thinking about how I 
might
 be 
pregnant, and I 
might
 be carrying your baby, and how good it 
felt, when you fucked me, and how I felt, when you came in me, 
and I thought you might have made a baby inside me, and even 
before that, when you came in Diane, and Suzy, and I pretended 
that you were getting them pregnant.  It's been running around 
and around in my head, the feeling of your sperm trickling out of 
my vagina, as I sat there on the toilet, wishing I didn't have 
to.  I keep thinking about this, and thinking about this, and how 
I wished I hadn't drained it out, and that I had taken a chance 
instead, until I finally couldn't stand it.  I had to come down 
here, and talk to you."
     "So, you're talking," I said, trying to hide my growing 
erection.  "So what's the point?"
     "The point is," said Karen, "I'm horny as hell, and I want 
you to fuck me."
     "You mean?" I asked.
     "Yes.  I want you to fuck me.  And cum in me, and not pull 
out.  I want to carry your sperm inside me, and take my chance 
with getting pregnant, like I didn't do earlier.  I want to lie 
down, and feel my handsome little brother's sperm wriggling its 
way up inside my womb, in search of my egg, trying to fertilize 
it, and make his baby grow inside me.  Dammit!  I want you to try 
and knock me up.  Just this once.  Please Mike?"
     Well, what's a brother to do?  Especially after already 
fucking my two other sisters, and giving into Diane's request, 
how could I refuse my big sister, whom I loved so much?  Besides, 
I think I would have died of frustration, as my cock was as hard 
as a steel bar, if I had refused.  I decided then, to hell with 
it.  If my big sister Karen, or Diane, or even my little sister 
Suzy, wanted me to get her pregnant, I would do it.
     "C'mere Big Sister," I growled.  "Baby Brother's going to 
give his big sister just what horny girls like her need:  A 
little baby in her belly.  I'm going to knock you up higher than 
a kite!  Old Mikey's going to squirt his thick sticky baby-juice 
right up inside his big sister's belly, and get her pregnant."
     Karen Shuddered.  "Oh God Mike.  Will you?"
     I nodded.  "Uhuh!  Now take those panties off, and let me 
see you naked, if you want me."
     Karen shivered again, but hurried to comply.  "Do it Mike.  
Now, Please?" she said, as she lay back on the bed, and spread 
her legs.  "Fuck me.  Please?"
     I slowly approached my big sister.  Karen had been sitting 
on the edge of my bed.  Now she was lying back on the bed, with 
her legs spread, hanging over the bed, and her feet just barely 
touching the floor.  Holding my swollen penis in my hand, I 
walked up to my big sister, and rubbed the head against her 
slippery slit.  With only a little pressure, the head slipped 
inside my sister's hole.





                                23


     "Ooh!" said Karen, then: "Oh that feels good."  As more of 
my engorged cock slid up inside her.  "Do it Mike," she 
encouraged.  "Fuck me, and cum in me.  Let me feel you cumming in 
me."
     I was enjoying the fantasy too.  "Look," I said.  "Look 
down.  You've got your own brother's cock sliding up inside you, 
and your little brother's going to squirt the stuff that makes 
babies right up inside his own big sister's womb, and get her 
pregnant.  C'mon Karen, tell me what you want.  Tell your little 
brother to make a baby in that sexy little belly of yours."
     Karen's vagina suddenly began clamping and squeezing on my 
cock in a rhythmic manner that threatened to have me squirting 
baby-juice up inside my big sister's womb, before I had even 
gotten my cock fully inside her.  "Do it," she repeated, scarcely 
breathing.  "Make a baby in me.  Squirt your baby-juice in your 
big sister's belly, and knock her up."
     Gritting my teeth, I was able to hold out for all of about 
10 seconds, while I managed to get in at least two full strokes 
before I lost it.  My big sister was just too sexy.  I couldn't 
help myself.  I grabbed a rounded breast in each hand, as I 
suddenly began spouting great gobs of thick sticky sperm into my 
own beautiful sister's fertile young womb.  "Oh God Karen," I 
said, "I'm doing it.  I'm cumming inside you.  I can't help it.  
Take it Karen.  Let me make a baby in you.  Ooooohhh!"
     In spite of the shortness of the sex, my sister was right 
with me.  Thinking all night, about fucking me, and getting 
pregnant, must have put her on a hair-trigger also.  "Oh God," 
she gasped.  "Do it Mike.  Cum in me.  Knock me up.  Make a baby 
in me."  Suddenly, Karen wrapped her arms and legs around me in a 
clasp that threatened to squeeze the life out of me.  "Unngh,  
Uunnnhhh!   UUUUUUUUNNNNHHHH!" she grunted, while her vagina 
squeezed and milked each last little sticky drop of incestuous 
sperm up inside her unprotected womb.
     "Oooh!" I groaned.  My big sister had drained me.  I felt as 
though I'd never be able to fuck again, my sexy big sister had 
pulled so much cum out of my penis, I thought my insides had been 
pulled out as well.  My tiredness, lack of sleep, and the 
relaxation from my orgasm hit me like a sledgehammer.  The next 
thing I knew, my mother was trying to wake me up.  Except for 
her, my bedroom was empty, and I was tucked underneath my covers.  
Karen must have tucked me in on her way out.
     My mother took one look at me, when I staggered out of bed, 
and promptly sent me back to bed.  I must have looked terrible, 
because she called the school, and told them that I wasn't coming 
in that day.  The last time that had happened, was when I had the 
measles, and had been sick for a week.  I was too tired to argue.  
Besides, what kid of 12, really 
wants
 to go to school, when he 
has an excuse not to.  (Of course, I couldn't tell my mother the 

real
 reason I was so haggard.  That I'd spent the whole night 
fucking each of my sisters, one after the other.  Somehow, I 
didn't think she would have approved.)






                                24


     After I had slept for several hours, Mom came in and brought 
me breakfast in bed, while she looked me over.  I was feeling 
slightly better by then, so I looked my mother over as well, with 
my new-found insight into the female figure.  I suddenly 
realized, that my mother was beautiful.  I thought to myself, "So 
that's where Karen gets her looks from!"  The thin housecoat did 
little to hide her shape from my newly female-aware eyes.  All of 
a sudden, to my horror, I was getting a hard-on for my own 
mother.  And worse-yet, she was noticing it!
     "Well," said my mother, "I can see you're getting better."  
"What's the matter Mike?  Don't you have any girlfriends to use 
that thing on?" she asked teasingly.  "You're not supposed to get 
an erection for your own mother!"
     I blushed.  How could I tell my mother that I did have 3 
girlfriends that I was "using" my cock on, but that those 
"girlfriends" were my sisters!
     My mother decided that she had teased me enough.  "I'll 
leave you alone, Mike," she said.  "Now you go back to sleep, and 
get better," she added with a twinkle, as she pointedly shut the 
door.  "Or jack off, if that's what you need instead."
     I was almost tempted, but the last thing I really needed was 
more sex, at the moment.  What I really needed, was more sleep, 
and that's what I did.  I slept, until 3:00 in the afternoon, 
when I finally woke up feeling refreshed, and wonderful.  After 
the wonderful sex of the previous day, and a good night's (day's) 
sleep, I felt wonderful.  I wondered if my big sister had gotten 
her wish.






























                                25

If necessary, I can be contacted at
wendigo69@hotmail.com

-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
Comment: Requires PGP version 2.6 or later.

mQCNAzO05VcAAAEEAJ9vwdPyl0n7R5FSI9R9crsyJeXugwb2hZ/jIe0ThJJHfZoy
1wEIeofZP9wcVsmA2J0BabH41+qpImyDg7SoDxhEARXHhMleHEcKuwqU/oCTwf9t
XP/tnWZmONTNMsgwethodcFlrpTaakrjRrIbAxjyGUm8zOGSIZYgRu2eYLnJAAUR
tB9UaGUgQXNzYXNzaW4gPHNsYXllckBkZWF0aC5jb20+
=5FLE
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

