Allie - My little sister. A NEW STORY (Mf,ped,inc)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

From           eskilton@aol.com (ESkilton)
Organization   America Online, Inc. (1-800-827-6364)
Date           3 Jun 1996 00:44:02 -0400
Newsgroups     alt.sex.stories
Message-ID     <4otqii$eue@newsbf02.news.aol.com>

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

WARNING ! ! ! !
All the usual stuff about if you're not old enough to read this, stick it
on your hard drive until you are.

Brotherly Love  Part 1

The night it happened I was baby sitting or at least I was home with
Alice, my ten year old sister, and our mother was out. I'd got a hot new
video from a friend and was looking forward to watching it in peace. Allie
was upstairs doing whatever it was she did when I wasn't allowed in her
room.
I took the video player up to my room and hooked it up to the TV. Then I
settled down to an hour of private pleasure. The video left nothing to the
imagination. A pretty young girl, about the same age as Allie with a man
old enough to be her father who was trying to persuade her to take off her
panties. She appeared reluctant, shaking her head and retreating away from
his reaching hands. Then he grabbed her and she was left with no choice as
he tore her flimsy panties from her slim body and pushed her to the floor.
She shook her head as he forced her slim legs apart and positioned his
erect cock between her thighs.
My own prick was rigid with excitement and I was stroking it through the
material of my jeans. I'd just reached for my zip when I heard a faint
sound behind me. I turned quickly to see my little sister, my innocent
baby sister staring entranced at the action on the screen. I grabbed for
the remote and stopped the tape but it was too late.
"Wow! Where did you get that from," she said without a trace of
embarrassment.
"Mind your own business. It's not for little girls," I said trying to hide
my embarrassment at nearly getting caught with my cock in my hand.
"I'm as old as she is," she pouted, pointing at the screen. "If she can be
in the video, why can't I watch it?"
"Because she isn't my little sister - anyway I didn't invite you. You're
supposed to knock, remember?"
"I did knock. You were just too excited by your dirty video to hear me."
"I was not excited," I said blushing hotly. "You must have knocked very
quietly and I didn't say you could come in anyway."
"You looked excited, the way you were stroking yourself."
I looked at her in embarrassed astonishment but she didn't look the least
bit concerned.
 "What do you want?" I asked resignedly.
"I want to see the rest of it," she complained. "Let me stay and watch it
with you."
"Not a chance - you're too young," I told her firmly.
"I bet mum doesn't know you're watching stuff like this. Or that you play
with yourself." she added virtuously.
I stared at her innocent face and wide open eyes, trying to decide if she
was threatening me.
"Dont worry - I won't tell her," she said softly. "But please let me watch
it with you. I don't mind if you want to play with yourself."
The thought of my little sister watching a sex video with me was quite
exciting. She was only ten but she was pretty and petite, a cute kid with
enormous eyes that captivated everyone. I was still horny as hell and I
couldn't stop my eyes wandering down to the outline of her baby tits
pushing against the thin cotton of her T-shirt. They were still only the
size of apples but they looked bigger because she was so tiny - the top of
her head only came up to my chest. Although she still pretty much looked
like a little girl, she suddenly looked very sexy. Her little nipples
thrust against the material and I could tell she wasn't wearing a bra.
She was more attractive than the girl in the video. I had never thought of
my sister in a sexual way before, but I suddenly realised that she was
almost a woman now that her body was starting to take shape and the idea
of jerking off while she was in the same room suddenly excited me. I knew
that I had to convince her that it was me doing her a favour or she'd have
something to hold over me for life.
Finally, I said, "Okay you can watch it with me but you have to do what I
tell you to do."
"Okay. What do I have to do?"
"Go and get ready for bed in case Mum gets in early, then you can scoot to
your own room quickly."
"Will you rewind it to the beginning while I'm gone?" she said eagerly.
"If you're quick. I don't want to hang about all night."
"I won't be long," she said as she jumped on my lap and and kissed my
cheek.
She wriggled excitedly as she wrapped her slim arms round my neck. The
pressure of her firm little bottom on my still hard penis was immediate. I
was sure that she must be able to feel my rigid prick pressing into her
but she gave no sign of noticing. If anything she squirmed herself a
little deeper into my lap and my prick pushed harder against her.
I reluctantly pushed her off and told her to get a move on. She was back
in minutes. The nightie she was wearing wasn't much longer than her
T-shirt had been and it was obvious that she still wasn't wearing a bra.
I started the video and sat next to her. She had stretched herself out
face down on the bed. Her legs were slightly apart and bent up at the
knees. Lying on her stomach with her feet in the air, her nightie was
short enough that I could see the smooth white of her inner thighs. I
rested my hand casually on her slim leg, just below her knee. She glanced
round at me but she said nothing.
Her eyes were glued to the television screen though occasionally she
flicked her eyes to my face to see if I was watching. I was watching okay
but when she wasn't looking at me, I was watching her... and getting
hornier by the minute. I tried to remind myself that this was my little
sister and she was only ten years old but all I could think of was doing
to her what the guy was doing to the girl in the video. I knew she'd never
allow it but that didn't stop me from dreaming about sinking my throbbing
cock into my little sister's baby cunt and fucking the life out of her.
I moved my hand to rest lightly on the soft flesh above her knee but she
was too lost in the video to notice. When I slid my hand to the inside of
her thigh and gently squeezed, she didn't pull away or tell me to stop. My
hand trembled slightly as I began to slowly stroke the soft flesh of her
inner thigh, just above her dimpled knee. She was clearly excited by what
she was seeing on the video. Her innocent young eyes were open wide and
her breathing was shorter and faster. I moved my hand a little higher
until I was stroking the silky smooth skin halfway up the inside of her
thigh.
"Aren't you going to play with yourself?" she asked innocently.
"Not at the moment," I replied.
She shrugged. "I thought you wanted to."
"Don't you want to?" I said.
"What? Play with myself or with you?" she asked with a sweet smile. "I can
play with myself any time."
"What does that mean?" I asked, shaking with excitement. Was she saying
that she wanted to play with me?
She didn't answer, pretending she hadn't heard me. She paused the video to
study a scene that had an adult man with a girl that looked about her own
age. The man had his cock half inside her hairless cunt. The young girl
had her eyes closed and a look of ecstasy on her pretty face.
"Wow, he's so big. How does he get it in there without hurting her?" Allie
asked in amazement.
"Well, the girl's cunt stretches and lubricates when she gets excited." I
told her, staring at the shape of her cute, round bottom beneath her
nightie.
I looked down at Allie's blushing face to see her staring with fascination
at the throbbing bulge in my shorts.
"Is your thing as big as his?" she asked.
"I doubt it, he's a lot older than me," I admitted, "but it's big enough."
"Can I see your thing?" she asked. "It looks big."
"It's not a thing, it's a cock," I said bluntly. "You have to say cock."
"I can't say that," she blushed.
"You promised to do as you're told, so you can start by saying cock.
Haven't you ever seen one in the flesh?"
Allie blushed an even deeper scarlet. "Not really," she admitted. "A
couple of guys from the senior school tried to show me but I was
frightened and ran away."
Smiling shyly at me, she lowered her eyes for another glance at my lap.
"Is that why you want me to jerk off - so you can watch?"
She nodded eagerly. Her eyes were glued to my crotch. "I know you won't do
anything to hurt me, I'm sure that I'm safe with my big brother."
I felt guilty listening to her trusting voice - I wasn't sure at all that
my little sister was safe with me. Slowly and teasingly, I showed her
bulge of my hard dick pressed against the thin cotton of my pants. When I
looked up at Allie, I was surprised to see a thin film of sweat on her
upper lip. Her eyes were protruding as she stared at the quivering outline
of my member.
"So what do you say sis?"
She hesitated and caught her bottom liave to?"
"You have to do what ever I tell you - remember?"
She nodded, "I want to look at your hard cock, Rick."
Excited by my little sister's language, my prick was hard as a crowbar and
was feeling painfully constrained by my pants. Although I was really
tempted to get back to exploring between her legs, my cock was jumping at
my sister's suggestion.
"You have to uncover it, if you want to see it," I told her.
She lost no time, quickly using both hands to pull aside my pants to
release my pulsing ramrod..
She grinned excitedly and said, "Can I touch it? I want you to let me feel
it and make it squirt its stuff."
I nodded and said, "Okay, but I'm going to touch you too."

To be continued... if the response is favourable.
Email me on ESkilton@aol.com
Yes that's right. FAVOURABLE. I'm English so American readers, you'll have
to get your spell checkers out in case I slipped any others past you.
COLOUR
        HONOUR
                FAVOUR
                        HUMOUR
                                COLOUR
                                        COLOUR
                                                COLOUR
                                                        COLOUR
                                                                COLOUR

COLOUR.
I'm sure you'd get to like it once you've grown accustomed to the FLAVOUR
of it.
Love to you all - of what ever kind turns you on.
                                                The Englishman.
