Archive-name: 3plus/sistract.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sister Act


Well, here goes my first attempt at writing erotica!  Any comments are greatly
appreciated (both good and bad).

Part 1 of the following story starts out with some dialogue, then moves into 
some straight m/f sex.  
The rest of the standard disclaimer applies (i.e., reproduction & such)
Hope you enjoy.              


			Sister Act: Part 1

	Norma and I had been seeing each other for about 2 years before that
night.  We had become quite close both emotionally and physically.  However, in
the few months before this happened, we just weren't as sexually reckless as we
were when we first started dating.  I don't want to make excuses, but only want
to explain what the situation was between us.
	I called Norma after work, but to my disappointment I only got her
machine.  "After the tone please leave your name, blah, blah, blah."  I
hate those machines, especially when the message is so damn boring.  I muttered
something about what time it was and that I was on my way over.  I then took a 
quick shower and then headed for Norma's, hoping she would be home by the time 
I arrived at her place.
	I got to Norma's west-side condo about an hour after I had phoned, so I
fully expected her to be there.  There was a car in her driveway that I didn't
recognise.  It was a rental (I could tell by the plates and the bumper 
sticker), so I figured that Norma's car was in the shop.  I rang her doorbell 
and waited.  I tried the door, but it was locked so I went to a window and 
looked in.  I saw who I thought was Norma coming out of the bathroom so I rang 
the doorbell again and waited.  After what seemed like an eternity, the door 
opened.  To my surprise, it was not Norma at the door.  Instead I was greeted
by her younger sister, Allie.
	Allie is a great girl.  I call her a girl because she is only 19, six
years younger than myself and Norma, and seemingly much more innocent too.  
Since I'd been involved with Norma, I'd become like a big brother to Allie.  
But when she started college seven months before, we just kind of lost contact.
	"Hey there Bobby!  How are ya?  What's it been, two or three months
since we last saw each other," she said.
	"Allie, great to see ya," I replied.  "It has been a while, hasn't it? 
So, what are you up to?  I bet you're still going strong at college, breaking 
all those young guys hearts."
	"You're such a tease!" she said, leaning forward on the word tease and
poking me in the chest.  "Ya, I'm still at college, I'm just down for the week. 
It's reading week, so I thought that with the time off I would give Norma a
visit.  I just got here about 20 minutes ago, and was just taking a shower. 
That's why it took me so long to answer the door."
	"Ya, I noticed the towel and figured as much.  You know, you look great
in peach terry-cloth.  You should wear it more often," I joked, tugging gently 
at the towel she had wrapped around her.  "So where's Norma?" I said as I went 
past Allie into the living room.
	"Oh, she's still at the office.  She called me and told me that she was
going to be late.  She said something about the computer crashing at work, and 
that she was going to be there until at least 8:00.  She said she tried to call
you but couldn't get ahold of you.  You know, you really should get an 
answering machine," she said with a smile, knowing how much I hate the damn 
things.  She sat on the couch and dried off her hair with another towel.  She 
gave me a dead-pan stare and said, "I don't know how someone like you who's so 
into computers and stuff can be so afraid of a simple thing like an 
answering machine."
	"Must have been a bad experience as a kid.  You know, some sort of
weird Freudian link between answering machines and breast milk or something." 
Allie's straight face turned into a grin, and eventually a laugh replaced that.
"See, even you chemistry majors can laugh at joke about Freudian crap.  I
always knew that you had some talent for psychology," I said.
	"My laughing at your stupid link between breasts and telephones hardly
qualifies me to go into that psycho-babble stuff that you've got yourself
into," she replied.  I had recently completed my masters in psychology, and was
working as a family therapist.  "Besides, I just don't think I have a devious 
enough mind to always be thinking about sex like you do."
	"And just how devious do you think this mind is?  Besides, I bet you
that your not as innocent as you would have me believe," I said, almost
challenging her to a "sexploit" bragging match.
	Allie blushed a little and said, "Well maybe I'm not little miss
innocent, but I'm no Madonna either.  Besides, most of my boyfriends have been 
just that-- boys.  I've never really had a great lover before who was willing 
to try anything wild, or who was even all that interested in satisfying me," 
she said as she slid her towel slightly up her leg, giving me a great view of
her shapely thighs.
	In an attempt to shift the direction of what I thought was happening, 
I said in a professional voice "Well, you really should make an effort to find 
out about yourself, to fully experience your sexual self."  I realized after I
had said it that this was probably not the best way to defuse the situation.
	"Ya, you're right," Allie said.  "I think I should start that right
now."  With this she moved from the couch toward the chair where I was sitting. 
She stopped about two feet in front of me and dropped her towel.  I gazed at
her wonderous tits.  They were perfect.  Norma had great tits, but these were
beyond that. They were so perfectly round, and her nipples must have been
standing out two inches.  "So, what do ya say?  Do you want to help me find
myself?" she said.
	I must say that I was impressed.  Those breasts alone were enough to
sway me.  Then she turned slightly and showed me the curves of her ass.  By
then I must have looked like a little kid in a candy shop, the way I was
licking my lips and flexing my muscles (one muscle in particular).  I took a
second to think about what was happening and said "Now, Allie, do you really
think we should be doing this?  I mean, what would Norma do if she found out? 
And besides, what's this going to do to our friendship?"
	"Christ, you sound like an old fart.  I know it will be great for our
_friendship_, if you know what I mean.  And besides, Norma won't be home for
two hours.  That gives us plenty of time to fuck like bunnies," she said with a
smirk.
	I was still resistant, and Allie must have seen this.  Before I could 
say anything else she jumped on top of me, knees on both sides of my thighs and 
breasts in my face.  She then leaned back, lowered her head and kissed me.  Our
tongues met, and I knew that resistance I may have had was now gone.  I stroked
her back and ass with my hands, as she began to undo my jeans.  The first 
button she undid slowly and deliberately, and then the rest she simply ripped 
open with one jerk.  My cock was sticking out of my boxers, and the tip was 
covered in pre-cum.  With her finger she swirled around on the head of my cock 
and then brought her finger up to her mouth, licking it like a popsicle.
	Allie then got off me, and got me to stand up.  She got down on her
knees and pulled my jeans and boxers down to my ankles.  She then took the head
of my cock between her teeth and gently nibbled.  "Hey,"  I said, "take it easy
down there.  It's a pretty sensitive area you know."  She just giggled and 
proceeded to take my full length into her mouth and down her throat.  "Now 
there's a lady," I thought.  No build-up, just go for it!  She then began 
pumping on my dick, moving her head back and forth over my full 8 inches nearly
every time.  I looked down at her bobbing head and flying blonde mane and I was
in heaven.
	In no time at all I felt the pressure building in my balls, and when
Allie started massaging my nuts with her free hands, I shouted "Here it comes!" 
She didn't miss a beat and within seconds I was shooting my load into her
mouth.  She swallowed twice and then withdrew shooting the rest of my load on
her chin and chest.
	"How was that for devious?" she said, rubbing my spunk all over her
chest like it was moisturizer.
	"Not bad for an innocent girl," I said as I kicked off my jeans and the
undid my shirt.  "Now, it's my turn to do my part for you."  I gently pushed
Allie down to the carpet onto her back and spread her thighs.  I leaned forward
and kissed her breasts.  First one, then the other, I began to feast.  I spent 
a few minutes sucking and biting on those monster mams before I worked my way 
down to her thighs.  I licked along the length of each one, making her shudder 
with delight.  As I neared her sex with my tongue, Allie began to breathe 
heavily.  As I licked her outer labia, she shuddered and moaned.  I slowly 
licked along her lips a few times before spreading them apart and going for her
clit.  As my lips hit her clit, she began to buck her hips up and down, nearly 
giving me whiplash.  I maintained my sucking and licking of her clit despite her
movement, and then inserted my index finger into her hole.  It slipped easily
in, but was not so easy to move as she gripped it with her vaginal muscles.  
	After moving my finger in and out of her hole about ten times, she
began to squeal with delight.  "Oh God! Ooooo Bobby, fuck, ahhhhhhhh!" she
screamed as she came.  I slowly relented my attack on her pussy, as she began 
running her fingers through my hair.  "Come here," she said, motioning me up 
toward her head.  I obliged, and our lips met in a slow, deep kiss.
	"Wow!  I hope you found some of your sexual self," I said.  "Now that's
was something that would even make Freud hot under the collar."
	Allie giggled, and gave me wink.  I was just about to kiss her again
when I heard the door open.  Shit!  I knew even before I turned my head that
Norma would be standing there looking at me on top of her little sister.  What
the hell was I going to do now!

			Sister Act: Part 2
			Oh, Spanks Awfully

	I got up off of Allie and could feel my face turning red.  Being caught
like this with Norma's little sister was both humiliating and frightening. 
Allie scrambled on the floor to pick up her towel and cover herself.  I made no
such attempt, and instead sat down on the couch.
	"What the fuck do you two think you're doing?" Norma screamed.
	I then leaned forward and picked up my boxers, and slid them back on. 
I was fearing the worst, but decided that right now was not the time to face
the music.  I turned to Norma and said, "I'm sorry.  I'll just leave now."
	"Leave! Leave without even so much as an explanation!" Norma said.  "I 
don't think so.  You're not going anywhere until you tell me just what the fuck 
is going on here.  I'm talking to both of you.  So start explaining, and this 
better be good."
	"Well, what do you want me to say?" I asked.  "I came here expecting to
find you and found your sister instead.  She just got out of the shower and
before I knew it she was standing in front of me with a towel at her feet and
her breasts in my face.  I mean, I'm only human!  What did you expect I would
do Norma?"  After I said it, I realized how stupid it sounded.
	"Well, I would expect you would have a bit of restraint, and not go off
humping my sister like a fucking animal," Norma said.
	Allie then said timidly "Well we didn't exactly get that far.  You
weren't supposed to be home for another hour."
	It was then that I began to realize that despite the loud tones that
Norma was using, she was reacting to this quite well.  I would have expected
her to throw me out of her house without letting me get dressed let alone
asking for an explanation.  I thought that maybe she was in shock and that the
whole thing hadn't quite sunk in yet.  What happened next was something that I
thought wouldn't happen in a million years.
	Norma said very calmly, almost deviously, "Well now little sister, 
while I'm away at work this is what I can expect from you?  We really can't
have that now can we?  Go ahead and tell me exactly what happened and then I
will decide what to do about it."
	"Well, I just couldn't help myself," Allie began.  "I was in the
shower, and I was really getting horny from feeling myself up when Bobby showed
up.  We talked a little, and then I threw my towel off and jumped on top of
him."
	"Then what?" Norma asked.
	"Well, we kissed, then I took off his pants and, and I ..."
	"And you what, Allie?"
	"And I gave him a blow-job," Allie said, hanging her head in shame.
	"So how was she?" Norma asked me.
	"I, I guess she was good," I said sheepishly, not quite sure what was
going to happen next.
	"Well, at least he appeared to get something out of it," Norma said. 
By now, Norma was stating to take off her jacket.  She didn't stop there
however.  She proceeded to take off her skirt, revealing a black garter belt
and black lace panties that got me stirring again in an instant.  She then
removed her shirt, and much to my surprise she was wearing a very sexy black
bra that pushed up her breasts and revealed her ample cleavage.  "So what do
you think we should do about this Allie?" Norma asked.
	"I should be punished," Allie said.
	"And just how should you be punished?"
	"I need to be spanked, sister," Allie said.
	"Well, that's exactly what I was thinking," Norma said.  Seeing her
standing there in that push-up bra, panties and garter belt, and having her
talking about spanking her little sister had me hard as steel.  I just sat on
the couch and watched.  It was all I could do not to jack-off and shoot my load
right there while Norma and Allie watched.  I still couldn't believe this was
happening.  I have always been a fan of a good old-fashioned bare-bottomed
spanking.  But in our two years together, I hadn't been able to bring myself
beyond jokes about it to attempt to bring it into our relationship.  I always 
thought Norma would think it was just too weird.
	"Well, don't just sit there looking stupid," Norma said to me.  "Move
over and then we can get the spanking underway.  I moved to the opposite end of
the couch before Norma said, "Not too far.  After all, I want you to get a good
view of this so you are prepared when its your turn."
	I wasn't quite sure what Norma meant by this, but moved a little closer
to the middle of the couch.  Norma came over and sat down on the edge of the
couch beside me.  "Can you see O.K.?" she asked.  I nodded, moved a little
closer yet to Norma and then looked at Allie who was standing there, still 
wrapped in her towel, still staring at the ground like a kid who was caught 
with her hand in the cookie jar.
	"Now little sister," Norma began, "come over here and pull up that
towel.  No, better yet, just take the towel off."  Allie let the towel drop to
the floor, and I swear I saw her wink at me before she came toward Norma.  "Now
little sister, you know why I am doing this?" Norma asked.
	"Yes.  It's because I was a naughty girl, and naughty girls need to be
spanked on their bottoms."
	"That's right.  Now bend over my lap, and get ready for twenty strokes"
Norma said with a lilt in her voice.  Allie bent over Norma's lap, and her head
was only inches away from my thigh.  From their, she couldn't help but notice 
my stiff prick bobbing up and down.  "Little sister, for every five slaps I 
give you, you need to thank me," Norma said.  "If you don't, you will get ten 
more smacks.  Do you understand?"
	"Yes sister," Allie said.
	And then it began.  Norma placed her left hand on the small of Allie's
back, almost like she had done this before.  She then raised her right hand
and slapped Allie's buttocks, fairly lightly for the first five times.  Allie 
was so into the ritual of the spanking that she already forgot about thanking 
her sister.  Then again, maybe she just wanted ten more slaps!
	Norma paused and said "Allie, you forgot to thank me.  That's ten
more."  Norma then continued to spank her younger sister's ass.  
	<SMACK> Her hand came down much harder this time, causing her to cringe
this time at the apparent pain.  <SMACK> Again Norma's hand fell on Allie's 
ass, leaving a visible red hand-print on Allie's left cheek.  <SMACK> This time
Allie let out a little squeal as Norma's hand pummeled the rosy bottom on her
lap.  <SMACK> Now on the right cheek, Norma's hand left another red hand-print. 
<SMACK> She let out a louder squeal as her sister's hand struck Allie's ass
full-force.
	By now the pain was becoming more intense to Allie, as she immediately
said after the tenth blow "Thank you sister for the spanking."
	With this I couldn't help myself.  I reached down and began to stroke
my cock.  Norma looked over to me and got a devilish look in her eyes.  "Now
Allie, I think you should give Bobby another blow-job while I give you the rest
of your spanking, so you won't forget what you're getting it for."
	Allie shifted slightly and took my cock in her mouth and began to move
her head up and down as Norma continued the assault of Allies ass.  With each
smack, Allie would take my dick down to the hilt, muffling her groan of pain. 
Allie made sure that after each five slaps she stopped sucking my dick to thank
her big sister.  This kept me from coming too quickly, as I'm sure I would have
had Allie's pumping mouth on my dick not paused to do so.
	The last time Allie paused to thank her sister, she didn't realize
herself that it was over.  Instead she went back to sucking my cock.  Norma
then said "Now Allie, that's thirty.  I hope you've learned not to go sneaking 
around behind my back giving my boyfriend oral favours."
	"Mmffps," Allie said, her mouth still wrapped around my meat.
	"Alright, that's enough of that then," Norma said as I was about to
shoot my load for the second time in Allie's sweet mouth.  "I've got other
plans for you Bobby."  Norma then allowed Allie to stand up, rubbing her 
burning red ass.  "There's some cold cream in the bathroom cabinet if you want 
some Allie."
	Allie went to the bathroom for the cold cream while Norma literally
jumped on top of me.  Our lips met and our tongues entangled in a vigorous
exchange.  I undid Norma's bra, allowing her breasts to spill out.  I pinched
both of her nipples before moving my mouth to her tits.  I sucked vigorously on
her tits and clutched onto her panty-covered ass.
	Norma then stood up and pulled me with her to the floor.  As I lay on
top of her she reached down and literally ripped her panties off.  I reached
down and massaged her pussy lips briefly before spreading them and plunging
into her wetness.  I began pumping up and down, and barely noticed Allie coming
back into the room massaging cold cream into her rump.  I continued to fuck
Norma with abandon when Allie came over and kneeled beside us.  Norma looked at
Allie, and nodded to her.  
	And then I knew what Norma meant earlier when she said I needed to be 
prepared for my turn.  Allie began slapping my bottom, playfully at first, then
harder and harder, until I was sure she was leaving the same red marks on my
ass that her sister had left on hers.
	"Allie, wasn't th-the only one wh-wh-who needs a spanking for this,"
Norma said, gasping as I moved my prick in and out of her tight hole.  "Y-You
were a bad boy t-too, and m-must b-b-be punished."
	So there I was, fucking my girlfriend with reckless abandon while her
little sister smacked my ass.  It was one of the most erotic moments of my life
up to that point.  It's too bad it didn't last long.  I just couldn't hold out 
any longer and came explosively into Norma's pussy.  Allie continued smacking my
ass as I pumped my jism into Norma, only stopping when I stopped moving myself.
	We exchanged glances and began laughing.
	
Prologue:
It turns out that Allie and Norma had been planning this for weeks.  About a
month before this, Norma discovered a magazine devoted to spanking under my
bed.  She wanted just the right opportunity to bring this into our sex life,
and immediately thought about her sister.  Apparently, they used to take turns
spanking each other, playing the role of teacher and student as they were
growing up.
	This really opened up the door to sexual experimentation for Norma and
me.  Since then, there's been rarely a dull moment, and I found out things
about Norma and Allie that _could_ make Madonna blush.  
But, that's another story...

Fin
--
