Archive-name: Family/sister10.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Horny Peeping Sister - 10 -


- Chapter 10.

    For what seemed like an eternity, Becky and Tom stood in the darkness, 
waiting for a sign from their father that they should come into the house.  
Although he had assured them that everything would be all right, Becky 
couldn't help shivering with anticipation.  She knew only too well how mean 
her mother could sometimes be.
    "I hope she doesn't kill him," Tom whispered, trying to break the 
tension with a short laugh.
    Becky only managed a sick smile.  She shifted nervously from one foot to 
the other, her wet pussy now an annoyance as she tried to wait patiently for 
whatever was about to happen.
    Then, like heaven itself had opened to them, they were startled by a 
blast of light and looked up to see both of their parents naked, standing in 
the lighted bedroom window and waving at them, beckoning them into the house.
    "Well, here goes nothing," Tom said with mock braveness, striding off 
briskly.
    Becky was a little more hesitant.  She looked back at her parents.  She 
knew they couldn't see her, but they were smiling out into the blackness 
anyway.  She sure didn't understand it, but she decided to make the best of 
it and hope her mother wasn't luring them all into some kind of a trap.
    Slowly, Becky wandered through the house toward her parents' bedroom.  
When she got there, she found Tom taking his clothes off, and her parents 
reclining casually on the bed.
    "Hi, honey," Julia said, giving Becky a big grin.  "I bet you've really 
had your hands full with these two big cocks, huh?"
    Incredulous, Becky stared at her mother.  Was this the same bitchy person 
who had griped at her for an hour for not dusting her dresser top?
    "Becky was a real trooper," Jim said happily.  "She did everything she 
could to keep us happy.  Going out at night just wouldn't have been half as 
fun without her."
    "Don't forget it was my idea," Tom said, pulling off his socks.
    "And what a great one it is!" Julia exclaimed.  "As you know, I'd just 
about lost interest in sex, and I was doing everything I could to find 
something to make it more exciting again.  I'm a little embarrassed about 
what you saw tonight, but I just couldn't help myself."
    "Ahhh, don't worry, Mom," Tom said, boldly diving nude up next to his 
sexy mother.  "Now you have us."
    "Yes I do," she said, stroking his thigh, "and at night we can all go out 
together.  Ohhh, I can't wait!"
    Still in a state of disbelief, Becky stood and watched while her mother, 
father, and brother all laughed and rolled on top of each other, their hands 
touching and caressing, their bodies sliding together.  Tom took to the idea 
like he had been born to it, but Becky still couldn't believe it.
    Jim noticed her confusion and slipped away from his lusty wife and son, 
walking over naked to his daughter.  The familiar feel of his hard-on pounded 
against her as he took her into his arms.
    "Don't be shy, baby," he said, kissing her ear, "now we don't have to 
hide anymore."
    "Yeah, but mom - I just can't believe she's acting this way."
    Jim laughed.  "When I married her, your mother was just as hot to trot as 
you or me or anybody.  But it's like she said.  Things have just gotten a 
little boring between us these last couple of years, that's all.  She's 
really not so bad if you just give her a chance.  Now come on, let me help 
you get undressed."
    As if she were a child, Jim stripped Becky, pulling her shirt up over her 
naked tits and kneeling down to bring her jeans down her long, smooth legs.  
When she was naked, he stood back to admire his handiwork as if he had made 
her himself.
    "Come on," he said, giving her naked ass a little slap.
    He took her hands and together they bounded across the room, landing in 
the middle of the tangle of naked flesh on the bed.  At the sight of her 
pretty blonde daughter, Julia gave a little squeal.
    "Ohhh, hon-ey!  You're perfect!  Just let me look at you!"
    Julia did her looking with her hands and tongue as well as with her eyes.  
She caressed Becky's tits and kissed her face.  The girl was slow to respond 
but Julia did not give up.  She drove her tongue in between Becky's lips and 
the girl soon had no choice but to kiss her mother back.
    "Oh, you are just the most luscious thing," Julia panted.  "I haven't 
gotten it on with another woman since I was at a friend's house down the 
street a week ago!"
    The hand that Tom had been using to stroke his mother's titties stopped 
suddenly.  "A friend from around here?" he asked.
    "Well, she actually lives a few blocks over, but her name is Brenda, and 
she has the nicest, tastiest pussy you ever saw!"
    "We've seen it," Jim laughed.  "Brenda's house was one of our favorite 
places to spy."
    "Ohhh!" Julia squealed.  "What if you'd seen me there?  What a shock that 
would have been for everyone!"
    "Maybe it would have gotten us to this point even sooner," Jim said, 
looking at his wife tenderly.
    "Maybe," she replied.  "But let's not wonder about it too much.  Let's 
fuck!"
    For many minutes the four of them just touched and probed and tasted each 
other, getting used to the idea of a family-style orgy.  Even Becky lost her 
fears and probed her mother's open pussy with her fingers, finding the soft, 
moist cuntal interior a real turn-on.
    Jim slithered his tongue all over Becky's body and then across her and to 
his wife.  He couldn't tell and really didn't care where one woman stopped 
and the next one started.  He was just glad that they were both there, ready 
and able to share his sexual pleasure with him.
    Julia brought her mouth down over the flat belly of her son until her 
lips reached the hairy base of his young hard-on.  She nibbled on his cock-
hairs, hearing them crunch between her teeth.  Then she zig-zagged her 
tongue back up the thrusting cock-shaft until she came to the slitted head of 
his dripping prick.
    Gradually the daisy chain began to take shape.  Once she had ahold of her 
son's prick, Julia could not be forced to let it go so Becky and Jim plugged 
themselves in around their union.  Becky put her aching pussy above her 
brother's open mouth, crouching with one knee on either side of his head.  
And, while Julia mouthed his cock, her ass pointed up in the air, Jim put his 
cock where it belonged but had so seldom been lately, right between the open 
lips of his wife's cunt.
    They all sighed with satisfaction, each getting something he or she 
craved.  But Becky was especially relieved to at last have something inside 
her pussy.  The blow-job she had given her dad outside had left her full of 
unfulfilled fuck-lust.
    Tom lapped up and down her cunt-furrow, which was thick with the juices 
it had spilled earlier.  He slurped those up and went after the fresh cunt-
cream, fucking his tongue into Becky deeply and helping himself to her 
delicious nectar.
    From time to time Tom moaned into the cavern of his sister's pussy when 
his mother made an especially erotic move around the shaft of his prick.  Her 
mouth closed around his thick prick-meat and she slid her lips down, down, 
down, taking every inch Tom had and leaving him squirming with pleasure.  His 
cock was even harder now than it had been when they'd watched her from the 
alley, standing in awe as she fucked herself with the cucumber.
    Behind Julia's great cock-sucking was her husband's equally great cunt-
fucking.  Jim was on his knees, his cock pointing almost straight out as he 
fucked right into the hole of his wife's pussy.  Jim gouged his fingers into 
his wife's upturned ass and slammed his cock into her hard, forcing her mouth 
down around the base of Tom's cock with unexpected force.
    The four fuckers all worked at their own pace, their bodies slapping 
together and then pulling apart in a herky-jerky rhythm.  More than once 
Julia nearly strangled on her son's cock when her husband fucked her too hard 
from behind, and a couple of times Becky was afraid her brother might bite 
her little clit right off when Julia's mouth brought him just a tiny bit too 
much ecstasy.
    Slowly they got themselves into synch, moving together as one fucking 
being.  Their actions were less erratic, and each of them got more pleasure 
than ever before.
    Becky dropped her cunt down to Tom's mouth, letting him fuck her gently.  
Then she dropped her pussy even lower, smashing his face and making him jam 
her pussy with his tongue just to keep from smothering.  She moaned and 
rolled her hips, her slippery cunt sliding all around the boy's fucking, 
munching face.
    Tom loved the taste of his sister's cunt and it seemed to him that the 
more of her juices he took down, the harder his cock became in his mother's 
mouth.  As they had watched Bobby try to do the other night, Tom worked hard 
to move his tongue in and out between his sister's lips while he fucked his 
mother's face at the same time.  Sweat covered his thin body and his dark 
head rolled and jerked on the pillow beneath it, his mouth desperately 
struggling to bring his sister off.
    From his vantage point behind his wife's upturned ass, Jim could see 
everything the others were doing.  He looked around Julia to see how her 
mouth sucked up their son's prick.  Then his eyes traveled up the boy's 
squriming body and saw how Tom's head disappeared between Becky's thighs.  
Jim leaned forward and reached out, grasping a lock of Becky's hair between 
his fingers and giving it a playful jerk.
    "You okay, hon?" he panted, slamming his cock into Julia's cunt.
    Becky rolled her eyes and licked her lips, almost unable to reply because 
of the wonderful job Tom was doing on her clit.  "Um-hummm," she managed to 
sigh, her lusty expression telling Jim everything.
    Becky tipped her body forward, letting her brother take hold of her clit 
and give it a long squeeze.  As soon as he touched her ultra-sensitive clit 
she jolted, her body alive with the ecstasy his lips and tongue brought to 
her.  She bounced her clitty against his front teeth as he shoved his tongue 
back up into her cunt-gash and the girl whimpered and sputtered, both her 
hands in between her legs, her fingers digging into her inner thighs.
    The sight of his family enjoying themselves so much only added to the 
wonderful sensations Jim felt as he plowed his wife's cunt.  Fucking Becky 
was nice, but fucking a real, full grown woman was a very different kind of 
nice.  Julia's pussy felt very good to him after all the time he had gone 
without it.  She quaked her insides around his prick, jerking him off with 
her cuntal walls.
    Julia's skilled fingers gripped her son's shoulders as she braced herself 
for her husband's brutal fuck-thrusts.  Her mouth was totally filled with her 
son's cock-meat and Julia caved in her cheeks, drawing inward on his cock 
extra hard, urging Tom to fill her mouth with his cream just as soon as 
possible.
    Julia couldn't get over how stupid she'd been in her quest for sexual 
excitement.  She'd done just about everything she could think of and nothing 
had brought her the kind of sexual satisfaction she was getting right now in 
her own bed with her own family.
    Overcome with emotion, she pulled her mouth off of Tom's cock, and held 
the slimy piece in her fingers.  Then she looked back over her shoulder at 
her husband, tears brimming in her eyes.
    "I'm so sorry I've been so hard on you guys lately," she sobbed.  "I've 
been a real tyrant, I know.  But from now on things will be different, I 
promise.  You've helped me so much tonight, all of you, and it's the least I 
can do to say thank you."
    Jim leaned forward and kissed his wife's wet mouth.  His kiss was tender, 
with his cock still stirring around in her pussy while he delivered it.
    "Don't mention it," he said.  "Now let's see you suck this kid's cock 
right off!"
    They shared a grin and then Julia turned back around and went to work on 
Tom's cock with a lusty vengeance.  She locked her teeth around the helmeted 
head of his prick and dug them in slightly, her tongue flapping around the 
dripping knob of his prick.
    Tom screamed into Becky's pussy, visions of his mother biting off the tip 
of that cucumber fresh in his mind.  The vibrations of his urgent cries 
stimulated Becky wonderfully and the girl shuddered on her perch, teetering 
on the edge of orgasm.
    A few more well-placed tongue-thrusts were all it took to shove Becky 
over the edge.  She let out a powerful yowl and her body spasmed so violently 
on top of Tom's face that the boy reached back and took hold of her thighs, 
hoping to keep her from falling over on top of him.
    As if they were the finest wine, Tom drank down her juices as she came.  
They made his head spin and, when his sister finally did gently slide away 
from him, Tom gulped in some air then and set about really fucking his 
mother's mouth.
    Julia mumbled and took his renewed fucking with joy.  His cock rammed far 
into her, and she sucked in in just that much deeper.  It seemed that she 
could take anything the boy could dish out and the two of them again tested 
their abilities.
    Her tongue went round and round his cock, stirring up the cream in his 
balls.  The soft, slick insides of her cheeks caressed his prick as it slid 
back and forth between them, and Julia moaned and whined around his prick as 
Tom let out an occasional grunt of pain or satisfaction, his mouth freed at 
last.
    Basking in the glow of her recent orgasm, Becky moved down on the bed 
until her pretty face was right near where her father's cock plowed into her 
mother's pussy.  She'd never seen a prick fucking a pussy from so close up 
before, and the sight fascinated her.  So did the view of her mother's 
asshole, which flexed and winked just above Jim's fucking prick.
    "Mom!  Mom!" Tom crowed, his hips bucking up violently.  "Ahhh!  Here it 
commmes!"
    Bit by bit her cheeks puffed out with her son's load.  Instead of 
swallowing it, she just collected it all in her mouth, each creamy blast 
hitting against the back of her throat and flowing into the collecting pool 
in her mouth.
    Tom continued to fuck his shooting prick into her soupy mouth.  His cock 
was soon surrounded by his own spunk and the boy felt like he was fucking a 
bowl of melted ice cream.  Then, when his cock had given all it had to give, 
his eyes flashed to his mother's face and he saw her swallow his mighty load, 
gulping it down noisily and messily, tiny streams of white liquid escaping 
her lips and dribbling down her chin, dripping back into Tom's cock-bush.
    "Jesus!" the boy sighed.  "That was damn good!"
    Julia gave a sick laugh and lapped at the mess she had made at her boy's 
crotch.  Then she jolted up, her arms stiff and straight in front of her, 
holding her upper body aloft as Jim reminded her that he was not quite 
finished by prodding her pussy with his ever-rigid cock-shaft.
    Using her body like a battering ram, Julia slammed herself forward and 
backward, taking and releasing Jim's cock.  The man answered her lusty 
motions with his own fuck-thrusts.  Their fuck-parts slapped together and 
then parted with a sticky snick as they bucked and writhed and fucked 
themselves like crazy before the glowing eyes of their children.
    Julia's pussy worked it's own special magic around her husband's cock-
shaft, reminding the man of what he had been missing so much lately.  Jim's 
mind whirled with happiness and he thrust his cock into his wife one last 
time before letting loose with a huge load of cream.
    "Ahhh!" Jim cried, feeling his cock release.
    "Ohhh!" Julia exclaimed, her pussy exploding around the blast of jizz 
that filled her.
    Husband and wife rolled and bucked, their fuck-parts stuck together in 
mutual satisfaction.  And, not far away their children watched, each of them 
learning from what their parents were doing.
    When Jim and Julia rolled apart at last, they each took a child in their 
arms and the whole family snuggled together.
    "So when do we go looking in windows?" Julia asked.
    "Anytime you want, baby," Jim answered.
    "Right now?" she asked.
    But the rest of her family shouted her down, rolling on top of her and 
covering her with their love.
    "Oh well," she sighed, "maybe later..."

                             The End...?
--
