Archive-name: Family/sisters.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sisters on Vacation


As is our custom my wife Carol and I take vacation in the Caribbean each
fall in order to rest up and have some fun.  This year was no  exception
and we had invited ny wife's  sister Debbie and her husband Bob  to join
us.  Well the trip was the best I  have had in some time but I must  say
it took both my wife and I by surprise.  To start off her sister  showed
up the night before we were  to leave without her husband, Bob  couldn't
come because of pressing business or so she said.  Debbie was determined
to go without him so I figured she would be able to pair up with one  of
the other singles once we reached the club.

We arrived in Jamaica  to find out that  there were no rooms  left for a
single and would not be for the entire week.  After a little  discussion
we agreed that Debbie could share our room as it was one of the  special
deluxe rooms and had a king size bed.  I wondered to myself just how far
our sharing was going to go and had my hopes up all the way to our room.
This club has a fantastic nude  beach which we had all talked  about and
were all  set to  enjoy and  as I  had long  hoped to see Carol's sister
naked I had  a secrete lust  going for me  since we had  made the travel
arrangements.  It was a very hot day and the long trip from the  airport
had us all dripping with sweat.  Carol said she wanted to shower  before
we did anything else and went into the bathroom which had no bathtub but
rather a large  shower area with  two shower heads  which was completely
tiled.  With Carol in the shower her sister Debbie and I sat an talked a
bit complaining about  the heat and  discussing the nude  beach.  Debbie
complained that the room  was hot even thought  I had turned on  the air
conditioner as soon as we had entered.  I suggested to her that she  get
out of her cloths  and make herself as  cool as possible.  Debbie  was a
bit shy about stripping in front  of me and I started to  undress myself
all the while telling her that it really didn't matter as we would  soon
be on the nude beach together and I would have ample opportunity to  see
her in the buff.  By this time I was pulling my pants off and my by  now
hard cock sprang out.  I could tell Debbie was surprised by my thick  10
incher an she commented on my aroused state saying that Carol had  never
told her how big I was.  With that Debbie started to undress and I could
tell this was going to be an interesting trip.

Debbie was wearing a loose fitting  blouse and a short wrap skirt  which
tied in the back.  Once she had  her blouse undone she asked me to  help
her with her bra  which I gratefully did  and after unhooking her  bra I
moved my hands around to cup  her full firm tits pressing my  stiff cock
against her ass.  Debbie just stood there allowing me to fondle her full
firm tits as I began to gently pull on her erect pink nipples she  began
to move her ass against my stiff rod.  Sensing that the time was ripe  I
turned her around  and pulled her  tightly to me  rubbing her full  warm
globes into my chest while I undid her skirt.  Once her skirt was  loose
I moved down  and sucked her  tits as I  pushed her skirt  to the floor.
Debbie was committed by now and I caressed the firm flesh of her ass  as
I moved  down her  taught belly  kissing and  licking her  hot body.   I
slowly pulled her panties down exposing her full blond bush and  lightly
kissed her hot  mound as I  worked her panties  down her silky  legs and
threw  them  on  the  chair.   I  licked  my way back up her legs paying
special attention to her inner thighs  as I pulled her ass cheeks  apart
and moved my hand into the crack of her firm ass.  As my fingers  passed
over her hot ass pucker Debbie let out a low moan which was just  barely
audible.  I  pressed my  fingers against  her sensitive  anal ring  as I
pulled her moist cunt  lips apart exposing her  now erect clit and  pink
inner pussy lips.  Holding my fingers firmly against her asshole I  bent
my head and began to lick her rather large erect clit.

Debbie responded to my mouth and tongue by placing one hand at the  back
of my head and forcing me against her slick pussy while she continued to
play with her tits with the other hand.  Seeing her desire I pressed two
fingers into her now slippery cunt probing the depths of her pussy as  I
continued to lick and suck  her swollen clit.  Debbie was  moaning quite
loud now and as my finger slipped up her anus I could feel her  convulse
with orgasm.  I continued to lick her sweet clit while I probed her  hot
holes until she came down from her  orgasm and she wet my face with  her
slippery juices in the process.  Once Debbie had come back to earth  she
dropped down and took  my cock deep into  her throat as she  massaged my
balls and fingered my anus.  I told her I was going to cum in her  mouth
and she  pulled me  deeper into  her throat  so I  let go and filled her
mouth and throat with my sperm ramming my cock down her tight throat  as
I pumped squirt after squirt of  my hot seed into her mouth  and throat.
Once I had  stopped feeding her  my load Debbie  stood up and  kissed me
giving me  a taste  of my  sperm as  she continued  to slowly stroke her
fingers in and out of my ass.   My excitement was so great that I  never
lost my erection.  I told her we should go into the shower together  and
try to get  Carol to join  in so there  would be no  problem later as  I
wanted this relationship to continue throughout the vacation and  beyond
if possible.  Debbie agreed  and we decided not  to tell Carol what  had
already transpired  until we  were sure  of the  outcome.  I  knew Carol
would not be  suspicious if I  walked in with  a still hard  dick as she
would never suspect I had just drained my balls in her sisters mouth.

Debbie and I walked into the bathroom and surprised Carol who was almost
done with her shower she looked at both of us and had a slight frown  on
her face.  I moved to Carol and  pulled her to me making sure to  rub my
hot stiff cock into her belly.  I told her Debbie and I had gotten tired
of waiting for her to finish and since we all planned to go to the  nude
beach together I saw  no reason why we  shouldn't strip and shower  with
her.  Carol was still a bit  suspicious but the fact that my  stiff cock
was pressed up against her  taught belly convinced her that  nothing had
gone on.  Carol pulled back and asked me to soap her up again, I grabbed
the soap and rubbed it into her full tits noticing that her nipples  had
hardened even before I started to fondle her tits.  I turned her  around
to face her sister  Debbie who had turned  on the other shower  head and
was  wetting  herself  down.   Debbie  looked  on  with lust as I rubbed
Carol's tits with  the soap and  ground my hard  cock into her  firm ass
cheeks.  I rubbed  down her belly  and move in  between her legs  making
sure to spread them so her  sister would see Carol's nicely shaved  pink
lips.  I  could tell  Debbie was  getting excited  again as  her nipples
began to harden even under the hot water following over her smooth  firm
breasts.  I worked Carol's pussy until I sensed that she was very worked
up and then turned her around to  face me and kissed her while I  rubbed
her firm ass cheeks soaping them and spreading them open so Debbie could
get a good look at her sisters anus.  Carol was beginning to really  get
hot now and she reached down and pushed my cock between her legs forcing
my prick to saw back and forth between her slippery pussy lips.   Debbie
licked her lips and reaching  between her legs slipped two  fingers into
her own pussy and started  to masturbate.  Sensing that Carol  was ready
for a good fucking I turned her around and placed her hands on the  wall
as I pressed against  her slippery ass and  fondled her full firm  tits.
She looked over and saw her sister Debbie fingering herself and began to
wiggle  her  ass  letting  me  know  that  she wanted me to fuck her.  I
grabbed Carol's  hips and  pulled her  into position,  spreading her ass
cheeks I  forced my  stiff cock  into her  hot wet  pussy as  her sister
watched and finger fucked her own hot vagina.  I began to pump Carol  in
earnest now and her moans and  squeals filled the shower as her  passion
grew with each of my deep hard thrusts.

The water was running between Carol's  ass cheeks and her rear was  good
and wet so I pressed my thumb up her ass to further stimulate her  lust.
Carol never took her  eyes off her sister  even as she began  to climax.
As her first orgasm was finishing up I motioned to Debbie to join us and
Debbie came over  and rubbed her  crotch into my  leg as I  continued to
stroke in and out  of my wifes hot  pussy.  I grabbed Debbie's  hand and
placed it on Carol's tit and Carol moaned deeply then begged her  sister
to lick and suck  her tits.  While I  was a bit surprised  at her sudden
lust for her sister I was too  turned on to do much except fuck  Carol's
cunt harder.  Debbie quickly began to suck Carol's firm tits and reached
between Carol's legs to finger her  stiff clit as I continued to  ram my
throbbing meat into  Carol's slick pussy.   Debbie got on  her knees and
pressed her  face into  her sisters  cunt licking  Carol's clit  while I
probed her cunt  with my long  stiff cock.  This  combination made Carol
climax again  and her  pussy convulsed  around my  cock milking my sperm
into her hot twitching vagina.  Debbie licked up our overflow and got up
and kissed her sister sharing the  juices she had licked up as  I gently
ground my cock into my wife's  cunt and fondled her tits.  Carol  looked
at Debbie and I and thanked us for a fabulous fucking, and pushed Debbie
to me telling me she wanted to  see her sister get her share.  I  turned
Debbie to face my wife and put my arms around her grabbing her tits  and
pulling on  Debbie's stiff  nipples as  I pressed  my cock into Debbie's
firm ass cheeks.  My wife Carol watched as I rubbed her sisters tits and
spread her legs and began to rub her pussy opening her lips and  rubbing
her erect  clit.  As  I slipped  my fingers  into Debbie's  wet hot slit
Carol began to finger fuck her  own cum slickened cunt.  Debbie who  had
been silent up  to now began  to moan as  I probed her  hot wet slit and
rubbed her stiff clit.

I  motioned  for  my  wife  to  join  in  and she came and kissed Debbie
pressing her naked body  into her sisters as  she probed her mouth  with
her tongue.  Carol broke the kiss  and bent her head down began  to lick
and  suck  her  sisters  full  tits  and nipples.  Reaching around Carol
grabbed my hot stiff prick and rubbed the head up and down Debbie's  ass
crack pressing  the head  of my  cock against  her sisters pulsing anus,
finally pulling the head between  Debbie's slippery cunt lips until  the
head  of  my  cock  emerged  in  front.   Carol then went down on Debbie
licking her  clit and  tonguing the  head of  my cock  as I continued to
finger Debbie's hot cunt and squeeze her nipples.  Debbie was begging to
be fucked so I moved her to the wall and bent her over placing her hands
against the wall  while My wife  Carol got down  between Debbie's spread
legs and licked and  sucked her pussy while  pulling on her nipples.   I
spread Debbie's ass cheeks and  slowly inserted my fingers into  her hot
tight asshole as Carol  guided my cock up  her sisters wet tight  pussy.
Carol and I continued to pleasure Debbie and I felt her climax at  least
twice as I fucked  her hot cunt and  Carol licked her sweet  erect clit.
Carol finally reached  up between my  legs and pushed  her finger up  my
ass, this caused  me to pump  Debbie's cunt even  harder and I  felt her
climax again and heard her cry out  for me to cum in her cunt.   I could
not hold  out any  longer and  I pumped  a river  of sperm into Debbie's
clutching pussy.  As I slowed  my strokes I felt Carol's  tongue licking
up the sperm and cunt juice that overflowed Debbie's well worn cunt.  We
all got  together on  the shower  floor and  hugged each  other until we
regained our strength.   Finishing our shower  we chatted and  discussed
how we would be fucking and sucking each other all week.

Debbie played  with Carol's  pussy and  asked her  how she  shaved it so
clean complaining  that she  often cut  herself when  she tried  and had
given it up because  of her mishaps.  Carol  smiled and told her  sister
that I shaved her regularly and that  she loved the way if feels when  I
shave her and  then when I  eat her pussy.   Debbie asked me  if I would
shave her  right away  as she  wanted to  enjoy the  feeling of  a slick
shaved cunt and couldn't wait until  she could show off her cunt  on the
nude beach.  I  took Debbie into  the bathroom and  sat her down  on the
vanity and with Carol holding her legs up and open I lathered her up and
shaved her bushy cunt leaving a  small strip of hair on her  mound.  Her
pussy  looked  great  and  I  wanted  to  eat  her cunt as soon as I had
finished.  I told Debbie to turn  around and I had Carol spread  her ass
open and I shaved the few stray hairs between her cunt and ass.   Debbie
had gotten really  worked up during  the shaving and  had been fingering
Carol's pussy which was  now dripping with juice.   I told Debbie to  go
back and shower off any soap and meet Carol and I in the bedroom.

I got Carol on the bed and  had her mount my now stiff cock  when Debbie
joined us Carol was bouncing up and down driving my dick into her  pussy
with deep pounding thrusts.  Debbie stood  at the edge of the bed  for a
moment  and  watched  her  sister  fuck  her  cunt with my cock then she
climbed on the bed to join in  the fun.  I pulled Debbie toward my  head
and told her  to sit on  my face so  I could eat  her newly shaved cunt.
Debbie straddled  my face  facing Carol  who was  still pounding my long
thick meat in and  out of her pussy.   Debbie lowered her slippery  pink
cunt to my mouth and I began to tongue fuck her hot slit while I slipped
a finger into her pink puckered anus.  Debbie rode my face hard  begging
me to finger her cunt to and to lick her large erect clit.  I was  close
to climax from Carol's hot cunt and sucked Debbie's hard clit nipping it
lightly and  bringing her  to orgasm.   I felt  Carol's hot pulsing cunt
tighten around my cock  as I began to  spray my load into  her vise like
twat.  Carol and Debbie  had been playing with  each other tits as  they
rode my cock and mouth and after milking my sperm from my hot cock Carol
layed  back  spreading  her  legs  and  pulled Debbie's head to her cunt
begging her  sister to  lick my  cum from  her cunt.   Debbie needed  no
convincing and dove at her sisters sopping cunt pulling Carol's legs  up
opening her hot cum filled pussy.  Debbie rammed two fingers up  Carol's
twat lubricating her fingers with cum and pussy juice and forced them up
her sisters hot asshole as she  licked and sucked my sperm from  Carol's
pussy.  Debbie's cunt  and ass was  directly in front  of my face  and I
licked  her  sweet  slit  and  tight  puckered  anus  until  my erection
returned.  Moving in behind Debbie I positioned my cock in her cunt lips
and rammed deep  into her slippery  twat.  I reamed  her cunt with  long
deep thrusts as  she ate Carol  bringing my wife  to an orgasm  in short
order.  Carol reversed her position  and crawled under Debbie and  began
to lick her  sisters cunt as  I rammed my  cock into Debbie's  hot cunt.
Debbie climaxed and flooded  Carol's face with her  juice but I was  not
yet ready to cum.   I pulled out of  Debbie's cunt and Carol  grabbed my
cock and pressed the head of my dick into Debbie's anus.  Debbie let out
a low moan as I pressed the  entire length of my ten inch cock  into her
pulsing rear.  I  stroked her long  and deep and  Carol probed her  cunt
with three  fingers as  she licked  her sisters  clit.  Debbie started a
series of long slow orgasms  which tightened her asshole around  my cock
like a fist.   All to soon  I felt my  cum travel through  my cock and I
filled her ass with  my sperm pumping my  load deep into her  rectum.  I
pulled out of her  tight back door and  Carol sucked my cock  as milking
the last  drops of  cream from  my tired  cock.  I  watched as Carol and
Debbie licked and  sucked each other  as they laid  on their sides  in a
relaxed sixty nine  position.  Soon my  cock began to  revive and I  was
determined to  give Carol  one last  probing her  asshole looked wet and
inviting so I moved in behind her and rubbed my now stiff prick  against
her sopping  cunt lips  while her  sister Debbie  licked and  sucked her
clit.  Carol's asshole relaxed  as I eased my  finger into her anus  and
Debbie  began  to  suck  on  my  cock  making me hard as a rock.  Debbie
directed my cock up Carol's pussy  and I pumped her a while  getting her
ready for my  final plunge into  her asshole.  I  pulled out and  Debbie
spread Carol's  ass cheeks  opening her  asshole Debbie  guided my stiff
cock into Carol's ass and I  rammed myself into her tight anus  until my
balls were pressed  against Carol's slippery  labia.  I probed  her anus
with long deep strokes bringing  her to climax twice before  filling her
tight butt with the last of my cream.

After Debbie  had licked  my cum  from her  sisters asshole  we showered
again and headed out to the  nude beach.  When we got there  we arranged
ourselves  on  three  lounge  chairs  facing  into  the sun and directly
opposite another  couple.  I  stripped quickly  giving the  woman a good
look at my semihard cock at which she gazed at fondly.  Debbie and Carol
stripped and began to smear on some sun screen making sure the guy got a
good view of their nicely shorn pussies.  Debbie did Carol's ass  making
sure to spread a generous amount  in the crack of Carol's ass  and Carol
spread her legs giving the guy a great view of Debbie massaging the  sun
screen into her open asshole and down to her slick hairless cunt.  Carol
then reciprocated covering Debbie's  asshole and cunt with  the slippery
cream  and  gently  probing  her  sisters  cunt  and ass with her strong
fingers.  The guy was getting excited and his cock was nearly hard.  His
wife was looking on  with definite interest and  I smiled at her  as she
licked her lips and  spread her legs showing  me her pussy and  exposing
the wet inner lips of her  stimulated cunt.  I complained to the  ladies
that they  had not  helped me  out and  I rolled  over on my stomach and
spread my legs placing my now fully erect cock between my thighs.  Carol
and Debbie  spread the  lotion on  my ass  and Carol  worked her  finger
around my asshole as Debbie spread sun screen on my stiff cock and inner
thighs.  Once they had finished they layed down on each side of me and I
turned over  adjusting my  position until  my still  half hard  cock was
laying on my thigh.   Carol and Debbie had  layed back and pulled  their
legs up a bit  opening their cunts to  the sun and to  the couple across
from us.  The woman spoke  first and introduced herself and  her husband
as  Wendy  and  Alan  and  told  us  that they were her for vacation.  I
introduced myself Carol  and her sister  Debbie we exchanged  small talk
for a bit and then  the ladies sent Alan and  I to get some drinks  from
the cooler  kept on  the nude  beach.  Alan  commented on  my luck to be
sharing a  room with  two women  and I  told him  about our arrangement.
Alan asked if Carol Debbie and I were into swinging and I told him while
we had experimented a bit we were  not regulars in the life but I  would
like to get it on with his  wife Wendy and from the looks he  gave Carol
and Debbie I was  sure the feeling was  mutual.  Alan told me  that they
too had fooled around a bit and that he definitely wanted to try to  get
something started.

When we returned we found  the ladies had already gotten  aquatinted and
had decided to go in for a swim.  We followed them in and joined them in
a quiet section of the water which was about chest deep.  As Alan and  I
approached the girls I noticed  that their hands stayed below  the water
and  they  seemed  to  be  engaged  in intimate conversation.  As we got
closer  I  could  see  that  conversation  was  not  all that had become
intimate, Carol  the tallest  of the  three was  standing spread  legged
while Wendy and Debbie played with her tits and both fingered her  cunt.
Carol had her  hands on Wendy  and Debbie's pussies  and I knew  she was
fingering their hot cunts.   As Alan and I  reached the girls Carol  was
just beginning her orgasm and I  told Alan to get behind Debbie  while I
moved in  behind Wendy.   I watched  with lust  as Alan  began to fondle
Debbie's firm  tits and  pull at  her erect  nipples.  I  pressed my now
erect  cock  into  Wendy's  ass  cheeks  as  she continued to thrust her
fingers up my wifes twat.  I  raised Wendy's right leg and slid  my cock
up against her pussy lips.  Carol who was now coming out of her orgasmic
trance pulled her finger out of Wendy's cunt and held Wendy's pussy open
while I filled her slit with my  stiff prick.  Wendy let out a low  moan
and forced herself farther onto my stiff cock ramming it into her  tight
hot cunt until my balls were  forced against her cunt lips.  I  began to
stroke slowly in and  out of Wendy's cunt  while I rubbed her  firm tits
and  pulled  on  her  long  taught  nipples.   Carol cupped my balls and
Wendy's cunt and continued to rub Wendy's hard clit while I fucked  her.
Looking over Wendy's shoulder I could see that Alan had followed my lead
and had his cock firmly planted  in Debbie's cunt while he massaged  her
tits.  Carol had reached over as she had for Wendy and I and was cupping
Her sister's cunt  and Alan's balls  as she frigged  her sisters exposed
clit.  In short order both Debbie and Wendy moaned out their orgasms and
slid off our hard  cocks.  Not wanting Carol  to be left out  I moved in
behind  her  and  with  Wendy's  able  assistance  managed  to  stick my
throbbing cock into  my wifes anus.   Debbie lead Alan  to Carol and  we
sandwiched her between us and with  Debbie and Wendy urging him on  Alan
managed to ream  Carol's cunt while  I pounded in  and out of  her tight
asshole.  Carol came  quickly in response  to our double  assault and as
Alan and I thrust our way to  orgasm Debbie and Wendy got behind us  and
played with our  balls as the  fingered our assholes  until we shot  our
loads up my wifes  hot holes.  All of  us were satisfied for  the moment
and we swam about exchanging ideas and fondling each other until we  had
enough strength to leave the water.

Once we were on the beach Wendy asked me if I would shave her pussy like
I had for Carol and Debbie, I looked at my wife and her sister and  said
sure and told her and Alan to come over to our room about an hour before
dinner.  We all went to rinse  off the salt accumulation and spend  some
time in the Jacuzzi  before leaving the beach  to get ready for  dinner.
Just before we left the Jacuzzi we got in a little fun with our new  sex
partners when  Carol sat  up on  the edge  and Wendy  began to play with
Carol's cunt  which set  off a  mini fucking  sucking session.  With her
face buried in Carol's cunt Wendy's cunt and ass were exposed and  since
no one else was  around I spread Wendy's  cunt and fucked her  hot slit.
This got Alan and  Debbie all hot so  Debbie layed Carol's head  back on
the decking and sat on her  sisters face.  I watched with lust  as Carol
licked Debbie's pussy.  Alan seeing an opening that needed to be  filled
joined in  and rammed  his fat  8 incher  up Debbie's  cunt while  Carol
licked  her  clit.   With  Wendy's  ass  open and inviting I pressed two
fingers into her nether hole and after she had climaxed I pulled out and
pressed my cock up her tight sphincter giving her asshole a good reaming
and bringing her and I off together as Carol climaxed.  Debbie was still
going by now on her third orgasm and Carol begged for Alan's cum in  her
mouth so when  he began to  shoot he pulled  out and fed  his load to my
lust crazed wife.  Carol looked  great with Alan's white sticky  load on
her face and lips as Debbie kissed her and licked up Alan's overflow.

We all headed back to the  rooms and rested until Alan and  Wendy joined
us.  When a knock came at the door Carol and Debbie ran to answer it and
sure enough it was Wendy and Alan, Alan was dressed in pants and a shirt
and Wendy wore a short full skirt and a sweater.  Debbie and Carol  were
still naked and this caught Alan's eye as they welcomed our new  friends
with unabashed  lust.  Wendy  lifted her  skirt showing  me her  pantied
pussy and asked  if there was  a barber in  the house as  she pulled her
panties aside  showing me  her lush  full bush.   I said  sure and asked
Carol and Debbie to strip Wendy and Alan for the show.  Carol and Debbie
stripped Alan first making  sure to pull and  suck his cock to  hardness
before they started on Wendy.   They pulled off her sweater  and removed
her bra  telling her  she would  not need  it anymore  that evening.  As
Carol sucked  Wendy's tits  Debbie undid  her skirt  and pulled  off her
panties telling her that these would  not go back on until she  got home
as Debbie spread  back her fur  and licked Wendy's  stiff clit.  I  took
over and pulled Wendy into the bathroom and got her onto the vanity.   I
had spread out my shaving things in anticipation of this event so I  was
ready to go.  As I lathered up  Wendy's cunt and ass I had Alan  work on
his wife's tits as Carol and Debbie held her legs up and open giving  me
the necessary room to work.  By the time I had finished cleaning Wendy's
cunt of unnecessary hair  Debbie and Carol were  ready to fuck and  Alan
was complaining of  cum filled balls.   I told Wendy  to shower off  and
join us in the bedroom when she was done.  The rest of us retired to the
bed and  got into  position.  I  layed down  and Debbie  sat on  my cock
taking  my  shaft  deep  into  her  pussy  while Carol licked and sucked
Debbie's anus.  Alan  was probing Carol's  cunt with his  fat shaft when
Wendy emerged from the shower  her new naked pink pussy  lips glistening
with water and  her own cunt  juice.  I told  Wendy that the  barber got
first licks and  had her straddle  my face and  lower her slippery  cunt
onto my mouth.  I churned my tongue into her steaming pussy bringing her
quickly to orgasm as  Debbie climaxed on my  stiff prick.  I could  hear
Carol cry out in  orgasm as Alan filled  her hot box with  his sperm.  I
told everyone it was time to switch  and had Wendy climb on my cock  and
Debbie suck Wendy's tight asshole while  my wife climbed on my face  and
Alan fucked Debbie's hot cunt.  We  kept at it until Wendy's tight  cunt
had milked  my sperm  into her  vise like  pussy and  we changed  again.
Debbie took up her  spot on my tongue  and Carol mounted my  cock.  Alan
fucked his wife in the ass  as she sucked and licked Carol's  open anus.
Alan was too fucked out to continue so he watched as the girls and I got
in another round with Debbie taking my prick up her asshole as Wendy ate
her cunt and Carol sat on my face and licked Wendy's cunt and ass  while
frigging her clit.  After  I shot my load  in Debbie's tight butt  Wendy
and Carol licked my spunk from Debbie's asshole while Debbie played with
their pussies.

We all showered and  dressed for dinner and  left to satisfy our  hunger
pangs.  While at dinner Debbie sat to my right and Wendy to my left  and
Alan had a similar situation with  Debbie to his left and my  wife Carol
to his right.  As  the girls had worn  no underwear I took  advantage of
this and kept fingering their thighs  and pussies under the table as  we
ate.  By the time  we had finished desert  our thoughts had turned  from
food to each other and I was wondering just how we would end up sleeping
that night.  Once we  had finished we move  to the bar for  a few drinks
and found our way eventually to  the disco where we danced for  a while.
This was were the evening began to heat up.  After a while I could  tell
other people were tripping to what we  were up to.  Carol had on a  silk
top with no bra and a deeply slit skirt which opened up nicely to expose
her hot  cunt whenever  she stood  with one  leg in  front of the other.
Carol and Wendy were at the bar getting drinks and Carol had her leg  up
on the bar rail which exposed  her neatly trimmed pussy to four  or five
couples sitting nearby.   Wendy noticing their  open mouth gaze  quickly
reached her hand into the slit in Carol's skirt and ran her hand down to
Carol's pussy  and inserted  her finger  into my  wifes hot cunt.  Carol
just stood there and let Wendy  probe her cunt while the amazed  couples
looked on.  Shortly the drinks  were ready and Wendy pulled  her fingers
from Carol's  cunt and  helped bring  the drinks  back to  the table.  I
could tell Debbie and Alan were  getting horny too as Debbie had  pulled
her skirt up and was giving Alan  a nice show of her hot shaved  snatch.
I figured we had better leave before  we got thrown out so I got  up and
suggested that we go for a walk Carol, Wendy and Debbie were all for  it
and Alan couldn't  wait to get  the ladies naked  and ram his  dick into
their cunts,  asses and  mouths.  As  we were  leaving one  of the staff
directors approached me and  called me aside, I  figured I was going  to
get a warning about our behavior but to my surprise Dave asked me if  he
and one of  the female staff  members could join  us later.  Dave  was a
well built black  man in his  early thirties and  the lady he  wanted to
bring  with  him  was  a  foxy  black  girl  who  had ample charms and a
seductive look.  I told him they  would be more than welcome but  warned
him  that  our  plans  called  for  some heavy duty fucking and sucking.
Dianne the lady looked at me and  reached out her hand and placed it  on
my crotch and rubbed my rapidly hardening cock.  I pulled her to me  and
hugged her reaching  my hand into  her loose fitting  blouse and rubbing
her stiff nipples and firm breast.   Telling her I couldn't wait till  I
could suck  her tits  and eat  her cunt  while my  wife sat on her face.
Dianne told me she wanted me to shave her pussy and fuck her in all  her
holes especially her tight anus.  I told them to meet us in our room  in
about an hour and went back to my lusty troop to inform them of our  new
partners.  After  I revealed  the plan  I could  tell we  were going  to
thoroughly enjoy the  evening.  All three  ladies had stiff  nipples and
from the bulge in Alan's pants I wondered if he would last until we  got
started.  We stopped at the Pool bar and got some drinks and went to the
nude Jacuzzi  where we  found another  couple already  enjoying the  hot
water.  With a great amount of show we all stripped down and joined them
and introduced ourselves.  At first we just did the polite  conversation
routine and got  to know them.   The woman's name  was Jill and  she had
nice tits which  by now were  sporting very erect  nipples.  Her husband
Sam was neat and trim looking and by the way he was watching our  ladies
I knew what was on  his mind.  The Jacuzzi was  a bit crowded and I  was
wedged  between  Jill  and  Wendy  and  the pressure of their thighs and
Wendy's hand on my  dick soon had me  hard evidently my cock  wasn't the
only one getting a  workout I saw Sam  squirming next to Carol  and knew
that she was working on Sam's cock  too.  Wendy held my cock up and  the
head just cleared the  surface of the water  I knew Jill saw  it even in
the dark and when she made no move to leave I knew I could start on her.
I ran my hand up her leg until I reached her mound and gently probed her
pussy with my fingers.  Jill reached out and placed her hand on the head
of my cock and said to her husband I think we found some friends.  In no
time we had an all out fucking and sucking session going.  I moved up to
sit on the  rim of the  Jacuzzi and Jill  positioned herself facing  the
group and slowly  sank my stiff  cock up her  slick clean shaven  snatch
bouncing up and down ramming my cock deep into her hot wet pussy.   Alan
and  Sam  followed  my  lead  and  got  into position around the rim.  I
watched as Carol climbed up on Sam  and guided his long fat cock up  her
cunt ramming herself down  on his prick until  she was reaming her  cunt
with long hard strokes.  Debbie had jumped on Alan's stiff cock and  was
fucking his hard cock with mindless abandon.  Wendy moved from couple to
couple licking the girls exposed pussies as they were being reamed  with
hot throbbing cocks.  Finally one by one the girls started to cum and  I
sprayed a big  load of spunk  up Jill's tight  hot cunt as  she trembled
with orgasm.  Since Wendy  had been left out  we guys agreed she  should
have a special  treat and we  moved her onto  the deck in  a doggy style
position.  I  got under  her and  she rammed  her pussy  down on my cock
while she took Alan's cock deep into her mouth.  Debbie and Jill  spread
her ass cheeks and  had Sam ram his  cock deep into Wendy's  tight anus.
While we  plunged our  hard shafts  into Wendy  Debbie pressed her pussy
into Sam's face  urging him on  as he licked  her hot cum  stained cunt.
Jill moved to Alan and had him  eat her pussy while he fucked his  wifes
mouth.  Carol straddled  my face and  lowered her slippery  slit onto my
tongue.  I could feel Wendy climaxing over and over as we reamed her hot
holes and Carol came quickly drenching  my face with her hot juices.   I
was the last to spray Wendy's hot tight cunt with my sperm and our party
ended  with  Sam  and  Jill  leaving  to  meet  with  another couple but
promising to see us on the nude beach tomorrow.  Debbie and Carol rolled
Wendy over and cleaned up her pussy and ass with their tongues as we got
ready to return to our room for a round with Dave and Dianne.

We quickly dressed and walked back  to our room to find Dave  and Dianne
walking  toward  us  in  the  corridor.   Unlocking  the  door I invited
everyone in.  Dave had brought a  bottle of wine with him and  he opened
it and we all had  a drink as I introduced  Dave and Dianne to Alan  and
the ladies.   By the  time I  had finished  Debbie was already unzipping
Dave's  fly  and  I  had  all  I  could do to resist grabbing Dianne and
fucking her.  Dave was  naked in a flash  and he peeled Debbie's  cloths
off quickly and spread her legs fingering her hot cunt.  I told everyone
that I was taking a shower first and headed for the bathroom with  Wendy
Carol and  Dianne.  By  the time  we had  reached the  bathroom we  were
already naked and Dianne reminded me  of my promise to shave her  pussy.
I told Alan Dave and the girls to go ahead and pulled Dianne over to the
vanity and placed her  ass on the sink  spreading her legs exposing  the
light pink inner reaches of her cunt.  Dianne had a great body with long
legs and  great hips  a flat  tummy and  nice firm  tits.  I grabbed the
shaving cream and spread it on  her brown pussy lips and began  to shave
her cunt.  Soon I  had stripped her pussy  lips of the curly  black hair
leaving just a small strip on her mound.  I flipped her over and cleaned
off a few stray  hairs around her brown  puckered anus and after  wiping
her off slid my finger into her tight asshole while I fingered her  cunt
and rubbed her large erect clit.  I heard Carol moan and told Dianne  we
should get  into the  shower before  we missed  all the  fun.  We walked
around the wall  and into a  hot fucking and  sucking session Carol  was
against the wall her  hands propping her up  as Wendy ate her  pussy and
Dave fucked her with his thick black tool.  Dave was well hung and had a
cock as large  as mine and  I could tell  Carol was enjoying  herself as
that thick black shaft reamed her cunt with long hard strokes.  Alan was
on his back on the floor and Debbie was sitting on his stiff meat taking
his cock deeply up her asshole while she massaged Dave's ass and  balls.
I pulled Dianne under the flowing  water and soaped up her smooth  black
skin making sure to work on her cunt and ass removing the last traces of
shaving cream.  Dianne worked the soap over me making sure to pull on my
cock and finger my  asshole in the process.   I got her down  in a doggy
style  position  and  shoved  my  cock  into her hot tight pussy, Dianne
moaned loudly as I slowly probed her hot cunt and massaged her firm tits
pulling on her erect nipples and ramming my dick into her pussy until my
balls  slapped  her  slick  cunt  lips.   Wendy  left her position under
Carol's cunt after drinking down  Carol's juices and Dave's thick  sperm
as it  overflowed from  my wife's  well fucked  pussy.  Wendy slid under
Dianne and  began to  suck and  lick her  clit as  I rammed my cock into
Dianne's tight box.   Seeing our lust  Debbie who had  drained Alan into
her pulsing anus came  over and began to  eat Wendy's hot slit  pressing
her fingers into  Wendy's hot cunt  and asshole.  Dave  who had retained
much of his erection  after fucking my wife  Carol joined in and  rammed
his hot black  tool into Debbie's  cunt ramming his  dick into her  with
renewed vigor.  Carol came over and straddled Dianne's back offering her
cum stained  cunt to  my mouth  and I  began to  lick and suck her still
protruding clit as  I rammed two  fingers into her  cum filled cunt  and
another  two  into  her  hot  asshole.   Carol  slipped her fingers into
Dianne's hot ass and rammed them in  and out in time to my thrusting  up
Dianne's hot tight cunt.  Alan pulled on Carol's nipples and thrust  his
hard dick into Carol's anus as I began to shoot my sperm up Dianne's hot
quivering snatch.   This set  Dianne off  and she  climaxed hard sagging
under the weight of her orgasm and the pressure of Alan butt fucking  my
wife on her back.  Debbie came with a loud moan as Dave forced his sperm
up  her  tight  channel  and  Wendy  cried  out  in climax brought on by
Debbie's fingers and tongue in her hot cunt and asshole as she licked up
Dianne's and  my cum  from Dianne's  hot cunt  lips.  We  all sat  for a
moment while we regained our wits.

I suggested we retire to the  bedroom and remarked that Wendy had  again
been cheated and needed her holes  filled by each of us.  Dianne  wanted
more  fucking  and  sucking  too  and  I  wanted to ram my thick cock up
Dianne's anus before she left for  the evening.  When we got to  the bed
we had Wendy sit on Dave's  hard black cock ramming his stiff  cock into
her slippery twat while her husband Alan plunged his stiff meat into her
mouth and probed her  silky throat.  I move  in behind Wendy and  spread
her ass cheeks and planted my cock up her tight asshole ramming my  meat
into her  ass with  long hard  strokes.  Carol  and Debbie  got into the
action with Carol sitting on Dave's face and enjoying his tongue up  her
pussy and ass and the hard  flicking of his tongue on her  clit.  Dianne
was behind  me licking  my asshole  and balls  as I  rammed my dick into
Wendy's anus.  Debbie got down  under Dianne and tongue fucked  her cunt
and  ass  licking  my  previous  load  from  her  twitching vagina.  The
tightness of Wendy's packed cunt and ass brought Dave and I off  quickly
filling her holes with our sperm  as Alan shot his cream into  his wifes
mouth.  Wendy had climaxed  four times and passed  out as we pulled  out
and rubbed our cocks  over her sweat soaked  body.  Dianne jumped on  my
cock like a crazed woman sucking it clean as she probed my asshole  with
her fingers making my  cock stay as hard  as a rock.  Carol  was working
Dave's meat  and fingering  his asshole  to keep  him erect.  Debbie and
Wendy were working on Alan and his erection was coming on hard and fast.
Dianne pushed me on my back and straddled my cock rubbing the head  into
her slippery  twat I  tried to  jam my  meat into  her cunt  but she had
another hole in mind.  I watched as Dianne guided my straining shaft  to
her tight anal  ring and slowly  lowered herself onto  my blood engorged
cock forcing  me deep  into her  asshole.  Arching  back she  called for
Carol and Dave to join her.   Dave rose and straddled my belly  as Carol
guided  his  thick  black  cock  into  Dianne's hot cunt.  Once Dave was
firmly up her hot slit Carol settled herself on my mouth and commanded I
eat her cum  stained cunt.  I  licked and sucked  her twat while  Dianne
pounded my cock up her anus and  I could feel Dave's cock sawing in  and
out of Dianne's packed pussy.   Debbie and Wendy pulled Alan  to Carol's
ass and helped him ram his cock up Carol's asshole.  I got a great  view
of my wife's asshole being filled by Alan's thick cock as he plunged  it
in and out of her twitching  pink ass pucker.  Debbie got up  and forced
Dianne's mouth into her pussy  while standing over the group  of fucking
bodies.  Wendy  did the  same with  Dave and  soon was  cumming from his
expert tongue work in her slippery slit.  All to soon I began to  climax
filling Dianne's tight butt with my juice as Dave creamed her pussy  and
Alan filled Carol's ass with his load.  Debbie and Wendy came soon after
as they ground their cum filled cunts into their partners faces.  We all
collapsed and slept for a while  and I can still remember when  Dave and
Dianne left because Dianne sucked my  cock until I filled her mouth  and
throat with my sperm as Dave probed her hot cunt with long slow strokes.

The next day we got together with Jill and Sam and their friends and the
fucking and sucking went on for the whole week but that's just got to be
another story.
--
