Part One - Depression
----------

Linda felt very depressed. Her heart weighed like a ton, her hands
trembled, her whole body shook from time to time, involuntarily. She sat
beside Rick, squinting at a screen and moving colors and shadows that
had no meaning for her. The room was dark and people around her were
silent, minds sharp and ready and hungry for the next scene of an 
outrageous plot. They were in a movie theater. It had been her
boyfriend's idea to catch this movie with so much senseless violence.

'Sex mixed with violence and violence mixed with sex, it's what sells
these days,' she thought. If she ever got married to Rick she would
never allow her kids to see such trash. She swallowed... Her throat was
slightly sore... She felt like crying... Every time she heard a gun shot
she'd start in her seat and get tenser and tenser, her ears resonating
with that hideous sound... It was becoming impossible for her to stay
quiet and motionless, while she was hating the movie so much. She looked
at Rick but he was too absorbed in the action to notice how badly her
eyes implored him for them to leave and breathe in some fresh air and
watch the stars outside, shining, against the darkness... Maybe they
could see a shooting star and wish a wish...

Rick could be romantic sometimes... like when he brought her that
magnificent bunch of roses... But that would happen very very
sporadically... And that was not enough.

And then there was Nikki, her younger sister, and whether Linda wanted
or not Nikki had become her lover!!!??? She shut her eyes, and shook her
head, feeling so much pain inside... It hurt so MUCH...

Sometimes Linda wished Nikki weren't her sister... Linda knew a few
girls who didn't hide the fact they were lesbians... And she could be
one of them, she realized... if Nikki weren't her sister... She knew she
was strong enough to face anyone about her preference for girls -- she
was convinced by now that her... bisexuality?... lesbianism?... was a
matter of fact -- but she was sure she couldn't handle the horror-struck
faces of people if the facts about her incestuous relationship with
Nikki came out...

That simply *doesn't* happen... they'd say... and repeat. And that was
the sad part of it. She loved Nikki very very much... but they'd have
the world against them... Even the lesbians themselves would see them as
class-number-one freaks. Everybody would...

Going with the tide, Linda had accepted Rick's plan for the evening...
It was the right thing to do... she had thought... But that stupid movie
ruined everything. Her conciliatory mood was gone, now there was only
room for resentment... and guilt...

She was letting everybody down... Nikki, Rick, the twins, Mom and Dad...
She'd started the whole thing... She, the girl everybody admired and
loved, the future prom queen, had failed them all. She had betrayed
Mom's and Dad's and everyone's trust by sleeping with Nikki... by
"making" her sister fall in love with her... And the twins, as
impressionable as they were, had followed suit...

She had this urge to cry. Keeping tears from flowing was getting harder
and harder... She could not stand it anymore. She rose to her feet and
bolted to the exit of the theater.

The usherette looked bewildered as Linda rushed into the lobby,
hyperventilating and shaking...

"Are you all right, dear?" the middle-aged usherette asked, but Linda
couldn't say a word. Her lungs kept pumping air uncontrollably. "Let's
go outside... And Jimmy," the usherette added, calling a freckled,
nervous red-haired little boy, "get some water for me, will you?" The
usherette's kind, concerned eyes returned to Linda.

'This complete stranger could be my mother,' it occurred to her. For a
moment she wanted to believe that. At least, Nikki wouldn't be her
sister and things'd be a lot easier for both of them...

They stepped outside, the woman still bracing Linda with her plump,
strong arm, and they waited there. Linda looked up to the sky, and the
stars, so far away but so close to her soul... She resumed her
sobbing... She was ashamed she was unable to control her feelings
anymore... Everything seemed to hurt so much now... Why? WHY? 'Please,
God, tell me why? WHY?'

That scream was inside her... Her brains felt as though they were on
fire... But the water came, the innocent, scared eyes of the red-haired
little boy pointing to the glass he was holding out. Linda smiled. He
was so cute. She took the glass of water, expressing her thanks to the
little boy, who hid now behind the imposing body of the usherette.

"This's my son," the usherette explained, utter mother's pride glowing
in her dark eyes, her hand messing his hair up in a playful gesture.
"Hey, Jimmy, say hello to this young lady." Linda smiled again. She was
thankful to this complete stranger and her effort to put an end to her
unhappiness. They chatted for a while about her son, what he had been up
to lately... small talk that made her relax... and forget everything...
and the fact that Rick was still inside, watching the movie...

Rick joined her a quarter of an hour later. His eyes blinked, trying to
adapt to the strong, garish light of the lobby.

"What's up?" he asked, his hands buried in his pockets.

Linda could not believe this guy. Was that all he had to say? He had
seen her leave the theater as if she was escaping death itself and,
instead of coming after her and ask what was wrong, he had stayed inside
for a fucking quarter of an hour watching the most worthless movie she'd
ever seen.

"I wanna go home."

"Why?"

"If you don't know why, then there's nothing to talk about."

Rick began to shift his weight from one foot to the other, a tell-tale
sign of his nervousness. His eyes gazed around and then fell on the
omnipresent usherette.

"Sweetheart, calm down. I--"

"Don't you touch me, you hear me?" Linda yelled, driving his arm away
from her shoulders.

"Why???" he hollered back. "What did I do?"

"Let's not talk about it. It's no use."

Linda shuddered. Eventually he agreed the best thing they could do was
go home and skip the rest of the movie. He was horn-mad, but so was she.
Linda left the car without the usual kiss goodbye followed by a flurry
of light petting... She only heard the wheels screeching, and then the
brakes, and then again screeching... Rick's car had made the customary
U-turn, this time performed 10 times faster, fueled by too much gas and
blind rage.

Linda went upstairs... Nobody was in the living room. Mom and Dad were
not home as usual, but she knew Nikki was... Nikki, sweet Nikki... The
only real good thing that had ever happened to her... She hoped she
could control the pain she felt inside...

'This is a double-edged sword,' she figured. 'It's sweet but cuts like a
knife...'

A bedside lamp burned in their bedroom. Nikki had fallen asleep with a
psychology textbook on her lap. She had become very curious about
everything related to human behavior. Incest, particularly, which was
predictable, considering everything... There was almost no references to
cases similar to theirs, Nikki had told her. Most of the entries in the
libraries would be about father-daughter incest... and child abuse...
And both topics were quite depressing... if not scary altogether.

Nikki had searched databases and indexes and surveys on the subject
(read in a rather surreptitiously way) until she found a couple cases of
sister-sister incest, some of them consensual, some of them abusive.
Most of the consensual stuff would go underreported, though. Researchers
were not interested in cases where the risk for psychological damage was
low and the people directly involved would be too ashamed to talk freely
about such experiences, especially if there was no reason to. 

Linda sat on the edge of Nikki's bed and watched her younger sister
sleep. Nikki's denim shorts were unbuttoned, probably to give her hand
ready access to her pussy. Nikki must've masturbated while waiting for
her to return.

Although Nikki had never said a word about it, Linda was aware of
Nikki's jealousy. Sudden sadness in those big blue-gray eyes and
beautiful face of a sweet-sixteen would be the only visible sign of it.
Nikki knew the rules, however. They had to keep on dating or people
would start to talk. On the other hand... they'd never suspect that
she'd gladly give up all her dates for Nikki, or would they?

Suddenly Nikki's eyes went open. "Hey," she said, stretching herself and
letting a wide yawn out, "you're back. So, how'd it go?"

"Bad. Real bad. I think we broke up... for good."

"Why? Did you tell him about--"

"No, of course not. I'd never do that. He was a jerk, and that's all to
it."

Linda detailed what happened in the movie theater. Nikki hugged her
tight, Nikki's arms around her waist, giving her comfort. Feeling this
much sweetness from her unselfish sister, Linda's eyes filled up with
tears once again. She began to sob real hard this time.

Nikki held Linda through it. Linda still had feelings for Rick but none
were related to sex. It was the idea of settling down in a nice
neighborhood and have kids that kept her heart warm for him. Nikki and
Linda had talked about it after a feverish session of lovemaking. The
meaning of their new feelings for each other was another issue
discussed. Soon they came to the same depressing conclusion -- their
future together was doomed... A year from now Linda'd be in college and
away from home... Linda'd be hundreds of miles away while her younger
sister would have to stay behind and finish school. Big Sis'd promised
to come home as often as possible, but Nikki knew her sister'd
undoubtedly find new friends and tons of guys (and girls?) more than
willing to share their beds with her. 

Big Sis' crying began to subside. Linda wiped off her tears with her
slender hands, another feature Nikki loved in her sister. And those
green eyes glistened, still immensely sad.

"Come," Linda said, with a shaky voice. Linda grabbed Nikki's hand,
leading the way. Some years before Nikki would've protested -- she hated
when Linda made her do things without telling her why. Household chores
were the "uncoolest" thing Linda made her do. It was only good for her
character, Linda'd wisecrack. Everybody should do their share... Linda
did, and the twins did... There was no room for exceptions. But now, if
Linda said "jump" Nikki'd answer "how high". She was madly in love with
Linda. Linda's magnetic beauty, her sandy brows, her long flowing hair
full of curls and waves, her tantalizing eyes, her athletic, trim body,
full of nice, soft curves... Nikki was enthralled. Big Sis must be a
witch... Linda had cast a spell over her...

Linda guided her to the backyard, settling down on Dad's lawn chair.
Linda motioned Nikki to sit on her lap. As soon as Nikki let herself
spread out on Big Sis' body, Linda embraced her and a chill ran up and
down Nikki's spine.

They watched the starry sky, and every time Linda saw a shooting star,
she'd point it out to her younger sister, and then they'd kiss, slowly,
enjoying wet lips touching warm lips, tongues trading caresses.
Sometimes Linda'd cry, apparently for no reason... and that made Nikki
sad. Silence ensued, none of them wanted to break that spell, the beauty
of that evening... Still, Linda's heart weighed tons... The pain didn't
go away... It still hurt inside, BADLY...


Part Two - Hell on earth
-----------

Linda awoke with a start, sitting up in bed. Someone was screaming in
the hall. It was Mom... Nikki woke up too, still bewildered from sleep.
Nikki lay in bed next to Linda. Last night they hadn't made love, only
sweet cuddling, arms intertwined, feeling the warmth and softness of
each other's bodies.

"What the hell is happening?" Nikki asked, trying her best to snap out
of her groggy state.

"Dunno," Linda said, getting up and slipping her robe on. "I'm gonna see
what's coming down in this crazy house... Nikki, you'd better go to your
own bed... just in case."

Linda walked out the door, entering the hall. Mom and Dad were by the
door of the twins' bedroom. They were still arguing out loud. Her heart
began to speed up. 'God, did they catch the twins red-handed?' she
wondered.

"What happened, Mom?"

There was an immediate silence. Mom and Dad faced her, their brows
arching up. Mom's hands were shaking, her eyes were bloodshot as if
she'd been crying.

"Don't look at me, Fred," her mother crabbed. "I'm not gonna tell her.
*You* tell her."

"What?!" Linda asked, losing her patience. There was a major drama
happening here and they were were mincing matters... "Dad, what
happened? Is it something about Zoe and Jeannie? Are they hurt?"

"No, but your mother found out... they were doing... they were sleeping
in the same bed and..." He stopped, breathing heavily, as though his
years of pipe smoking were taking their toll.

"And?" Linda asked, swallowing, her legs beginning to tremble. She had
the vaguest feeling she was going to faint.

"Behaving like two whores," her mother added. "Two little whores..."

"What, Mom?" Anger was replacing Linda's fears now. Nobody called her
sisters whores, NOBODY. Not even her own parents. They didn't have the
right to. "What, Mom? Why are you calling them whores?"

"Because the minute we turn our heads, they behave like two whores...
They were having SEX with EACH OTHER, I saw them do it with my own
eyes... This morning... Oh Fred, how can they do such a thing to us?"

"The minute you turn your heads... Don't you think you exaggerating
now?"

"Now, what's that supposed to mean, Linda?"

"You don't care about us. You NEVER fucking did. How can you criticize
us? How dare you call your own kids whores? How dare you?"

"Linda," her dad intervened, his eyes warning her she was out of line.

"Don't Linda me, Dad. You don't care about us either. The only thing you
care about is your politics and your goddam company. How many times did
you go out with us, spend time with us, like a family we were supposed
to be, huh? How many times did I have to take care of the twins and
Nikki because you didn't have time for them, huh? So, don't you come
here yelling at me or anybody else for that matter, because you two
AIN'T worth it."

"Linda, I'm warning you."

"Please do, Dad, because if your wife is calling Zoe and Jeannie whores,
she's calling me whore too."

"What do you mean?"

"Because I, Linda Suzanne McDougall, started everything. I had SEX with
Nikki and Nikki had SEX with me. We're lovers. So, are you happy now?"

"That figures," her mother said. "That figures, my dear. They always do
what you want."

"Because they respect me. Because I give them love... something you're
incapable of. Go back to your fancy parties and wear your 10,000-dollar
gowns, but leave us alone."

Saying that, she turned her back to her speechless parents. The twins
and Nikki had gathered around them, keeping a safe distance. All her
sisters were amazed, her mouths gaping. They couldn't believe Linda's
strength and how she had defended them all, facing the fury of Mom and
Dad and apparently winning...

After that showdown their parents left the hall, heading for the living
room downstairs. Jeannie'd hear only whispers. Mom and Dad were planning
something... This was really hell on earth.

If their parents were conspiring against them, the four sisters decided
they should have their private meeting too.

"What's gonna happen to us?" Zoe asked, sniffing, as they settled down
on the few chairs and beds in Linda's and Nikki's room. "You were right,
Linda. I am sorry if I ever caused you pain... because I wanted to tell
Mom and Dad. At that time I didn't know better... I--"

"Doesn't matter now, Zoe. What really matters is what we're gonna do."

"What can we do?" Jeannie said. "We can't run away."

"Yes, we can. A lot of kids do."

"But Linda," Nikki objected, "that's not reasonable."

"If we don't, they're gonna lock us up and break us apart. I know them.
I know them very well. Don't forget Dad has a lot to lose... if the
newspapers get hold of this. Can you imagine the headlines? 'CEO's
incestuous daughters...' or 'Orgies at McDougall's'. No, they simply
won't risk it. We've gotta leave tonight. They ain't gonna do anything
until tomorrow."

They discussed the pros and cons of Linda's suggestion, but apparently
there was no other way if they wanted to stay together. They had to
leave that goddam house, and the sooner the better...


Part Three - Fugitives (in heaven?)
------------

The cops were looking for them all over the state. They were looking for
a dark blue Jeep Cherokee, Linda's... They had to move fast and keep
their profile low. They even considered cutting their hair short, but
none of them had the heart to really do it. Instead, they bought
baseball caps, tucking their golden tresses in. They drove all the way
to the mountains, where Linda used to go for summer camp. She knew a
place where they could hide. It was an old log cabin, which had belonged
to a lumberjack.

When they arrived there, the old cabin was in better shape than Linda
had imagined. There were tons of dust lying on the old furniture and the
wood had a musty smell to it. The interior was warm but moderately
humid... If they cleaned all that mess the rest of the afternoon, they
could look forward to a nice evening together. The cutlery had to be
thrown away... It was too rusty to be used.

A few hours later, everything looked much better. Jeannie looked at her
sisters. They looked tired but she was proud of them. They were building
a place of their own. And they were working together. It was a wonderful
feeling...

Linda had repaired the fireplace and Nikki had gathered a few logs to
start the fire. Jeannie produced a bottle of wine with a grin. It was
Dad's. "He ain't gonna miss it," she said, still with her wide grin on
her face. "We'll keep it for a special occasion."

They all laughed. They ate a few sandwiches they'd prepared in a
shopping mall. They had brought as much supplies as they could,
especially canned food. At least it wouldn't spoil.

"How are we going to find more food, Linda?" Nikki asked, gulping the
last crumb of her chicken sandwich. "This is not going to last for
long."

"I have money. I stole it from Dad's wallet. I know it was wrong... but
I had no other choice. And I'll teach you a few tricks to save food.
During summer camp we had a few classes about survival in the wild. It's
gonna be fun."

Nikki hugged Linda, kissing her on the lips for the first time they had
run away. Linda was surprised and smiled, laughing a bit, blushing at
the same time. She felt somewhat embarrassed. The twins were watching
them as observantly as they could.

They prepared themselves for the evening. It was cold inside that log
cabin if it weren't for the fireplace and their sleeping bags. Linda
slept between Nikki and Jeannie, Nikki claiming her right to hug Linda,
Jeannie turning her back to them when that happened.

Jeannie wanted to sleep... and forget...


                                       ------ ******** ------

The next morning they all went downhill, in the direction of the creek 
where they could wash themselves. The creek was more like a small river.
It had rained a lot during the last weeks. That day, however, the
weather was dry and warm. They could see the snow-capped mountains
looming up in the horizon, the trees all around them. They had come
across a few deer and other smaller animals.

"This is beautiful, Linda," exclaimed Nikki. "I'm in love with this
place."

They washed their faces with the cold running water of the creek.
Jeannie hesitated, though.

"What happened, Jeannie?" Linda asked. "You don't trust the water?"

"It's not that. I feel so dirty... without a shower. I'm probably gonna
take a bath. The problem is... the water is so cold."

"Ok. I'll help you. We're both going to. I also feel dirty." And without
waiting for Jeannie's answer, Linda took off all her clothes and dived
into the creek, showing off her superb swimming skills. "Come on, you
guys... The water is perfect."

Jeannie stared at Linda. She wanted so much to hold her big sister
tight, to smother her with kisses, licking her breasts, excite her, make
her moan, like Nikki had done. Jeannie melted when Linda glanced at her,
her beautiful tanned body coming out of the creek, her nipples hard from
the coldness of the water, her hair damp, flowing limp on her shoulder
blades. Linda was a river nymph coming to get her...

"Come on, Jeannie. Get rid of your clothes, or do you want to take your
bath with them on?"

Jeannie didn't react. She couldn't. Linda was in front of her, totally
naked, water streaming down her damp skin. Linda's overwhelming beauty
was there for everybody to see. Linda tugged Jeannie's sweater up, and
started to unbutton her sister's blouse. Jeannie didn't offer any
resistance. She'd do anything Linda asked her to. Linda removed all her
sister's pieces of clothing, one by one, until Jeannie was naked too,
trembling. Sometimes Linda's breasts would brush Jeannie's, causing a
little quake inside her younger sister's body. Jeannie's nipples got
harder, she felt her pussy respond. It was getting wet and warmer... If
alone she would've masturbated.

"Come," said Linda, pulling her by the arm, and Jeannie followed her,
willingly.

Jeannie forgot about the coldness, about everything that was around her,
even the fact they were being watched by Zoe and Nikki. Having Linda so
close to her, playing with her, brushing her naked body against hers...
made her forget everything. Linda... was all what Jeannie saw... and
felt... and heard...

                                       ------ ******** ------

It was evening again. The four sisters were huddled together by the
fireside, watching the flames lapping the logs they'd gathered in the
afternoon. Nikki and Zoe'd had a few stomach cramps. They had eaten too
many berries, the ones Linda said it was safe to eat.

"You think the cops are still looking for us?" Jeannie asked, rubbing
her cold feet. She slid closer to the fireplace and Big Sis.

"I guess," Linda replied, using an old tong to keep the fire alive.

Nikki began to brush her long hair. She'd taken a bath in the creek in
the afternoon. She felt better afterwards. She hated to feel the sweat
on her skin, and the smell of it. She bent over, letting her hair
cascade down her shoulders to form a perfect curtain of corn-colored
hair in front of her eyes. She used to brush her hair for hours. It was
one of the things that made her look like Big Sis. Nikki was vaguely
proud she was able to give her sister the same softness, the same
silkiness, something she truly relished. 'If only I had curls like
her...' she mused.

"Care for me to brush your hair?" Nikki offered.

"Please do," Linda replied, smiling. She shut her eyes and let Nikki
work on her hair. Little by little she felt her body come alive. It was
a strange crescendo of feelings and sensations, which were taking over
her being. Linda pressed her thighs together. Nikki was exciting her
again. The bath in the creek had been so sensual, despite the cold.
She'd enjoyed to see that Jeannie could relax a little bit. She wanted
to prevent any despair among her sisters. They were going to make it and
find a way out of their ordeal. She was sure of it.

Nikki kept brushing her hair, slowly, as though she was trying to get
her in the mood for making out. If that was the case, Nikki was really
succeeding. Linda's pussy was wet now. She pressed her thighs against
each other once again, keeping her pleasure from radiating out of her
body. She was getting weak. If Nikki went on with it, they'd end up
making love, twins or no twins around.

Then Nikki brushed Linda's hair aside and kissed her neck, a long
sensual kiss. Linda shuddered all over, her heart racing up, her
breathing coming in and out unevenly.

"Ooh Nikki..." Linda said softly, trying to hug her younger sister's
neck.

Hearing Linda's moaning Nikki couldn't control herself anymore. Three
days without making love to Linda was too long a time. Nikki kissed
Linda on the nape of her neck. Linda shook again, feeling the most
delicious thrill, until she could not stand it anymore. She dragged
Nikki upon her body, lying on the floor, and they began to kiss, and
kiss, and kiss, small kisses around Nikki's soft, sweet lips. She forgot
about the twins. Nikki's passion was too overwhelming. Linda could
barely breathe. All she cared was to kiss Nikki, feel her younger
sister's tongue with her own, to excite her, make her moan and moan and
MOAN.

"Oooh, Sis..." Nikki finally said, between kisses. "Sis... Sis, I love
you."

Nikki's mouth began to go down Linda's neck, her hands grabbing Linda's
tits over her blouse, while Big Sis fumbled for her sister's belt,
trying to open it. She couldn't. Instead, her hand caressed Nikki
between her legs against the roughness of her jeans.

"Ooohhh..." Nikki let out, opening her legs, and rubbing herself against
Linda's hand.

Despite her sister wearing panties and jeans, Linda was able to feel
some wetness. 'Nikki's pussy must be soaking wet,' she thought. It was
amazing she was still able to excite Nikki that much, despite of the
hatred they had felt from their parents. 'But let's forget about it,'
she said to herself. 'No parents... No nothing... Only Nikki is
important now.'

They kissed again, wildly, arms encircling each other's bodies. They
rolled on the floor and this time Linda wound up on top of her sister's
stomach. Linda slipped her blouse off, throwing it away to a corner of
the cabin. She smiled at her twin sisters, who didn't miss anything of
their lovemaking.

"Sorry, kids..." Linda said, still with her contagious smile in her
face. "There isn't much privacy in this cabin, I know. So you've got to
endure this... Maybe we can teach you a trick or two..." At this point
Linda was grinning, turning red by her own boldness. She let her bra
drop to the floor, her perky breasts bouncing free. Immediately Nikki's
hands cupped them, feeling them up... Linda's eyelids went shut until
she moaned. With those dreamy light green eyes of hers, Linda looked
again at the twins. She wanted to make sure they'd be all right. She
didn't want to hurt them... or making them uncomfortable. "Anyway," she
went on, "you wanted to spy on us... Now, it is your dream come true,
right?"

The twins nodded, because they were unable to do or say otherwise. They
saw Linda return to Nikki, sucking Nikki's saliva. Simultaneously, Nikki
kept playing with her sister's tits, up and down, and down and up, her
fingers teasing Linda's nipples, making them incredibly hard...

"Oooh baby, baby..." Linda said, her eyes clouding over. Nikki was
really a drug to her. Better than coke, LSD, and heroine together, she
surmised. She hadn't tried any of them but she was sure that was true...
Being far away from their parents had lessened Linda's guilt... Her
heart didn't hurt that much anymore... There must be a reason for all
this... All this sweetness, like honey, on her lips, on Nikki's lips...

Linda got rid of Nikki's CK blouse and her CK blue jeans. She wanted to
feel her sister's nakedness, her perfect trim body... She wanted that
closeness, feel her body's warmth... She wanted to feel those breasts,
those peaches, with perfect nipples, so sensitive to the touch, so
sensitive to her caresses... She eased off Nikki's panties, full of
Nikki's aroma, soaked with her love potion...

Linda kissed Nikki's body, made her shake from anticipation. Nikki's
head rolled from one side to the other, moaning softly, eyelids closed,
abandoning herself to Linda. Nikki felt her sister's mouth in her belly,
kissing her navel, tweaking her nipples, stimulating her with a finger
very close to her pussy but not quite. It was her own medicine being
used against her... Teasing, teasing, and teasing... That was the name
of the game.

Nikki pushed her sister's head down, fondling her hair, her beautiful
hair, which stroked her body, so sensual, so precious... so silky to the
touch.

"Ooohhh Linda... Sis... SIS... SIS... SIS... I love you... I love you...
Go on, please... Sis... SIS... Please... Kiss me there, don't tease me.
I can't take it... I can't... I really can't..."

Then there was a thrill, when Linda began to kiss Nikki's inner thighs,
her hand patting Nikki's feet, rubbing them, stimulating them, pinching
her sister's toes, one by one, slowly, until Nikki asked for more and
more. Nikki almost died when Linda began to lick around her pussy, her
hand stroking her sister's mound. Then the Time of Oblivion came, like a
gigantic wave, when Linda kissed her down there, resuming the licking,
her lissom, knowing fingers finding their way in... Teasing, and
teasing... And then stroking, her mouth licking, her tongue inside
her...

"OOOHHH LINDA... LINDA..." Nikki bawled, her body jerking up. Her juices
were flowing and flowing into Linda's mouth, which kept sucking her
until there was no drop left. And then again, the maddening tongue,
making her squirm and squirm, like a sweet torture, without end... It
was heaven on earth... Then she came, encircling her legs around Linda's
head, increasing the pressure inside her pussy, her soul, her love for
Linda. She loved her... She couldn't love anyone else... Nothing else
mattered. But Linda was not done with her. Linda kept licking her until
she came again and again and again and again... Nikki had to pull Linda
up or she'd die...


Part Four - Mountain hike
-----------

Linda sensed her sisters' boredom. Zoe was more volatile than usual,
Jeannie seemed a little bit in the dumps... and Nikki wanted to make
love all the time... It suited her fine to neck and pet with Nikki that
often but the twins were making her anxious. Maybe that sexual activity
between Nikki and herself was having a negative effect on their younger
sisters. Zoe and Jeannie'd had a catfight the afternoon before. Zoe'd
been so vicious, drawing blood from Jeannie's breasts and arms. She'd
had to hit Zoe, knocking her down.

Linda asked Zoe and Jeannie why they were fighting but the twins
wouldn't tell her. She had witnessed a lot of brawls between those two,
but their last catfight had been the most violent by far. Linda recalled
the horror she felt when she saw the wounds in Jeannie's breasts. It'd
made her feel so strange. It made her want to hit Zoe again, and that
scared her. She'd never believed in being physical. Her quick wit and
her imposing presence were normally sufficient to avoid the worst. But
those two... God...

"Let's go for a hike," Linda suggested. "I'll show the places where I've
been. We'll take water and some food. If we're lucky maybe we'll find
some edible mushrooms... I'll fix a nice soup when we're back. All
right?"

"I think it's a good idea, Linda," Nikki agreed. "Everything to get the
hell out of here."

Linda repressed some tears. She could feel Nikki's bottled-up
frustration. Last night Nikki wanted to make love but she had warded off
her sister's advances. Linda couldn't, knowing the twins were just a few
feet away and Jeannie was wounded.

They all climbed up the trail to the left. It was the trail with the
most spectacular, breathtaking views. The mountain tops, so far away,
blended with the blueness of the sky and the fuzzy white of the
scattered clouds. In spite of all that beauty, Linda couldn't let her
angst go. The twins did not utter a word, keeping a visible distance
between them. Jeannie, the most fragile of her sisters, was having her
worried. Jeannie's eyes seemed oblivious to everything. They stared
blankly at the horizon and glistened sometimes as if her sister was on
the verge of tears. Linda only hoped that hike would make Jeannie feel
better.

A few hours later they stopped and sat down on the many boulders that
mantled that side of the mountain. Silently Nikki handed out the food to
the twins and Linda. Nikki watched them, while their munched at their
portion of berries and dry seeds. She began to have her doubts about the
sanity of their... eloping? She loved Linda very dearly but sometimes
Big Sis could be so distant... Nikki's heart almost missed a beat
whenever the possibility that Linda didn't love her anymore crossed her
mind. She'd kill herself first... No, she wouldn't. She was no coward...
But it would hurt like hell...

Nikki stared at the twins. She felt sorry for them... Instead of finding
love in each other's arms it appeared they had found nothing but hate
and distrust. And that was surprising... After all the four of them had
run away because Mom had caught the twins in the act.

Nikki's gaze wandered to her beloved, older sister. Linda, so beautiful
but so sad... The violent behavior of the twins was ruining their
relationship. 'Maybe that's why people avoid incest,' she thought. 'It
can be a very beautiful thing, but if it goes wrong... it can really be
a living hell. You can ditch a lover, but a family member... is for
life. No matter what.'

Suddenly a pebble came rolling down the mountain side. They looked up. A
man toting a shotgun was coming their way.

"Quick," Linda said, jumping to her feet, " let's go."

They all ran to the trees, praying the man hadn't seen them. Maybe he
was looking for them. In no time they'd have the cops all over the
place.

"Linda," Nikki uttered, "he saw us. He's coming this way."

"Damn it," Linda cursed. "Damn it! Let's run. You, Nikki, go first. I'll
stay behind and cover the twins. Come on, Zoe... MOVE IT!" A rush of
incredible fear shot through Linda. "Come on... COME ON!"

As fast as they could the four sisters tore down the mountain side, but
running off the trail was no easy task. Sometimes Zoe or Jeannie would
slide in the dirt and fall. Nikki or Linda had to climb back up and
rescue them. And that was costing too many precious seconds. The man was
gaining ground. Out of nowhere the horrific sound of a gun shot jangled
their ears followed by an excruciating scream... Linda couldn't believe
her eyes. Jeannie had been shot... Blood was all over her...

"JEANNIE!" Linda screamed. "JEANNIE... Oh, God..." Tears streamed down
her face, her throat hurting... A tight knot prevented her from
screaming again. In a split second she was next to her unlucky sister.
Jeannie was lying on the dirt, crying, convulsively, from pain.

"Linda... Linda, help me... Please..."

"Stay quiet, baby. Don't move... I'm gonna help you, even if it is the
last thing I do."

To Linda's despair, Zoe and Nikki had joined them. They should've kept
running... They should've tried to find help. Linda was about to say it
out loud when the man leapt out of the undergrowth.

"So, you thought you're gonna escape, huh?" he said, showing his yellow
teeth. Linda flinched a bit... This mountain redneck was obviously
drunk. His checkered red flannel shirt reeked of cheap booze. His eyes
shone with wicked pleasure while his free hand scratched his red nose.
"But nobody, I mean... Nobody escapes from--"

"Are you fucking nuts?" Linda shouted, rising to her feet. "Why did you
shoot, goddam it? You hurt my sister, you fucking asshole."

"You calling me asshole, bitch?" he said, his smirk growing wider, his
hands aiming the shotgun at her. Seconds ticked away, the redneck still
threatening Linda with his gun. "Maybe you should suck my dick, bitch."

"When hell freezes over," Linda spat.

"Oh yeah? I'll kill your sister if you don't." The redneck moved the
barrel of his gun to Jeannie. Jeannie was losing too much blood, Linda
realized. Jeannie'd die if she didn't find a way to thwart whatever
plans this lunatic had for them.

"Ok, I'll do it," she said, swallowing.

"Aw right," he exclaimed. The moment he began to unbutton his baggy,
smudged pants, he hollered at the top of his lungs. "You fucking bitch."
He tumbled over to the ground, his hands holding his privates. Linda had
kicked him there, hard, as soon as he lowered his gun. "You FUCKING
bitch..."

Without hesitating Linda took hold of the gun, aiming at her writhing
opponent. But she didn't know what to do, now. She only knew she hated
guns. Suddenly, the redneck grabbed the barrel, trying to snatch the
shotgun back. Then, the shot happened... The redneck lay still, his
shirt turning redder and redder...

"Oh God," Linda cried, stepping back, her hands covering her face. "I
killed him." Something caught her feet. She stumbled and fell. And then
nothing... Only darkness... and voices, far away voices that called her
name... Linda... LINDA!!! Then nothing again...


Part Five - Love and hate
-----------

Nikki had to leave that waiting room... She stifled there, she couldn't
breathe. She wanted to forget everything, that unforgiving
desperation...

Her life before Linda was a blur now... So much had happened, so much
had changed inside her... And she was losing her... She was losing
Linda... and she couldn't bear the thought of it. 

Nikki stepped outside, treading on the grass and then on the pavement of
the parking lot. She put her arms around herself, a self-embrace full of
despair... 'Linda... Linda... please, don't leave me... PLEASE...' Nikki
closed her eyes, trying to put behind her the image of her fretful
parents waiting in that sickening hospital hall... At a corner, Zoe
crying silently, a kind nurse holding the tearful teenager in her
arms... Linda, her back to her parents, staring at the wall, ignoring
everybody, blaming herself...

"It is my fault, Nikki," Linda had said and repeated over and over
again. 

"Linda, that's not true. You didn't pull the trigger... That son of a
bitch did..."

"I killed him..."

"To protect us... To protect Jeannie. It was self-defense... He would've
killed us... and you know that... Linda..." Nikki'd tried to hold her
but Big Sis promptly removed her sister's hands from her waist. "Linda,
why are you like that? I'm trying to help you..."

"Don't", it'd been the answer. Then Big Sis walked away from her, going
to the opposite side of the waiting room. 

Outside, in the parking lot, Nikki stared at another incoming ambulance,
its flashing lights rotating above, the screaming siren dying down.
Swiftly the paramedics leaped out of the ambulance and scrambled another
out-of-luck victim of a car crash or driveby shooting into the
building... Jeannie'd been hauled in the same way, people shouting, Mom
and Dad trying to keep up with that chaotic convoy of people... The only
difference was the oppressive presence of the press... Dad had convinced
everybody the redneck was a kidnapper... His daughters hadn't run away,
after all. They had been kidnapped by a lustful beast...
Linda had killed him in self-defense, Dad had asserted, informing the
unruly mob of journalists and photographers. There'd be an
investigation, but Dad'd assured Linda no charges would be filed.

So typical of Dad...

                                       ------ ******** ------

Linda's eyes meandered around the empty seats of the waiting room. She
agonized over the fact that Jeannie was in coma, between life and death.
The doctors kept reiterating their reserved statements about her
sister's chances of surviving such a massive blood loss. Linda wanted to
be with her sister but they wouldn't let her. Hospital procedures...
God!

The presence of Mom and Dad was giving her the jitters... Mom wouldn't
look at her; Dad would... He'd tried to bridge the gap, but she didn't
trust him. He was using their misfortune for political gain, talking
about his deep shock and horror to the press, making a plea for tougher
measures against crime in general and kidnappers of children in
particular. There were rumors he was going to make a bid for the
congress... All that media circus'd surely give him the right amount of
exposure... It was disgusting!

Linda reached for her head. On and off she'd feel a headache. Her
fingers probed for the swelling on her head. The doctors said it was
only a minor contusion. Her head'd hit a stone when she fell and blacked
out.

Nikki had saved Jeannie's life, Linda recalled. After making sure her
eldest sister was all right, Nikki had scudded down the trail until she
found the road and the Jeep. One hour later she was back with help...
Linda loved and admired her for it.

Linda searched the waiting room for Nikki but her sister was gone. She
wanted to find where Nikki was, check if her sister was ok. All those
events were making a nervous wreck out of Linda. She didn't let anyone
touch her, not even Nikki. Linda could see the effect of her refusal on
her younger sister but Linda's guilt would become unbearable every time
Nikki, sweet Nikki, came for a hug.

Linda snapped out of her daydreaming when a doctor came in the waiting
room. He shook hands with Dad and then Mom.

"I think you'd better come in, Mrs. McDougall. Your daughter's fever is
increasing... She's out of coma now... but she's constantly calling your
name... I think your presence may help her..."

"My baby is calling my name?"

"Yes ma'am... You're Linda, isn't it?"

"No..." Mom said, sheer confusion in her eyes, turning to her astonished
daughter. "Linda is--"

"It's me," Linda butted in, scuttling closer. "I'm Linda. I'm her
sister."

"Oh," the doctor said, realizing his blunder. "I thought-- Well, you'd
better come with me, then... I'm sorry, Mrs. McDougall... I thought--"

"Let's go," Linda groaned, jerking the doctor's sleeve. "She's calling
my name. My sister needs me."

Linda left with the doctor, ignoring her mother's eyes. Hate... Her
mother hated her...Nothing new for Linda, though. She'd always suspected
that. Now she was sure of it.

Linda rushed down the hall, still yanking at the doctor's sleeve, urging
him to walk faster. In less than a few seconds she was by her sister's
side. The first thing Linda noticed was how pale Jeannie looked. Linda
looked across the bed and at the nurse who was trying to calm her sister
down... Jeannie was delirious, murmuring unintelligible gibberish...

"Linda!" she heard suddenly, startling her. "Linda, please... Linda
LINDA... Help me... Help me..." Jeannie's head trashed on the pillow,
her forehead thoroughly covered with perspiration. "Linda... help me...
please..."

"I'm here, baby," Linda said, holding her sister's hand. "I'm here." The
moment she said it, clasping Jeannie's hands, her sister's thrashing
ended. For a moment Linda, the doctor and the nurse held their breath as
though they were waiting for a miracle, but the miracle didn't happen.
Instead, Jeannie seemed to have drifted into a deeper sleep but away
from her feverish nightmare. Gradually Jeannie's breathing gained a less
heavier rhythm, but her eyelids remained shut, her face as pale as
before. Linda's eyes turned to the doctor. "Is she ok? Is this normal?"

"The worst's over now... Your sister is just sleeping..."

"Yes, and the fever's subsiding," the nurse added.

"Maybe you'd better leave," the doctor suggested, his turn to check
Jeannie's forehead with his huge, hairy hands, "and get some rest.
There's nothing you can do now..."

"Hell no, I'm not gonna leave her," Linda whispered, trying not to raise
her voice. "She needs me... She said it herself. The hell with the
procedures... If she didn't need me, you wouldn't have called me... Am I
wrong?"

The doctor heaved a sigh, casting a quick glance at the nurse. The nurse
shrugged back at him.

"All right, you may stay here... but only for tonight. I'll make the
necessary arrangements for an extra bed..." The doctor gestured to the
nurse they leave. The nurse gone, he waited by the door, gazing at
Linda, who kept on staring at her sister's pale features, fondling her
hair. "I admire you..."

Linda turned to look at the doctor. "What?"

"I admire your love for your sister... You don't see that often... I
mean, a girl caring so much about her own sister... I wish my own
daughters were like that... and not the usual nuisance to each other and
to us parents... Ok, I leave you two alone... I'll see to the extra
bed..."

Linda saw him shut the door as quietly as one could. She was perplexed,
confused. Had she been too obvious? Obvious about what? About her love
for Jeannie? Was that abnormal? Sisters were supposed to be the best of
friends, but they were so often the worst of enemies... There were
soap-operas and tv shows based on that kind of hate... But love... was
seldom shown... The executive producers wouldn't want to summon the
horrible specter of incest, would they? Show a hug and a loving gaze and
the whole nation would be shocked...

It's so easy to hate... It's so hard to love...


Part Six - Way to go
----------

Linda was at a loss when she entered the classroom and all her
classmates stood up one by one and began to clap their hands. They were
welcoming her like a heroine. A heroine of a bad movie, of a ridiculous
book... They were clapping because she'd killed someone... No, that's
nothing to be proud of, she thought. Even if that someone was a
scumbag...

"Way to go," the guys would say.

"I'm proud of you," Belinda, a friend of hers, would add.

Linda shook her head, wavering between walking in or running away. If
only they knew... Would they be proud of her still? Would they say "way
to go" and tap on her back? She didn't think so. Despite all those
cheering young faces, eager to catch a glimpse of the heroine of the
moment, Linda felt alone... Terribly alone... She wanted to scream and
escape from that unnerving crowd. She was too polite, though. She knew
she'd never do that. She'd bite the bullet and count the minutes, the
seconds, until she was allowed to go home and watch over Jeannie.

Five hours later, Linda waved goodbye and left, heaving a sigh of
relief. Nikki waited for her by the Jeep. Nikki smiled at her, Linda's
heart jumping in her chest. Their relationship was getting better, now
that they were back home and the twins had made up. Jeannie's health was
improving at an amazingly fast pace. Still, her youngest sister worried
her. Linda sensed some hidden sadness in those clear blue eyes...

"Hi, Baywatch Babe," Nikki said, faking a seductive pose, half-closing
her eyes.

Linda chuckled. "Baywatch Babe" had become Nikki's standard greeting
whenever they met after school. "Cut it out," Linda said, grinning and
pushing her sister out of the way. She unlocked the car and hopped in.

Nikki went around the car and without losing a second she took her place
next to Big Sis. She grabbed Linda's hand. She wanted her sister's hand
on her thigh, she wanted to be stroked there while Big Sis drove home.
That thought was enough to make Nikki's pussy fill with moisture... She
did her best to control her craving to hold Linda and kiss her,
passionately, right there in that parking lot.

Suddenly someone called, "Hi, Linda."

"Rick!" Linda cried out, withdrawing her hand from Nikki's thigh as fast
as she could. "God, you scared me. Don't you do that ever again!"

"Hey, what did I do now?... I just wanna talk to you. It won't take
long."

"I haven't got much time," she said, wondering if he'd seen anything.
"I've gotta go home. Jeannie's still recovering..."

"Yeah, I've heard it," Rick said, leaning on the car, his face drawing
closer to Linda's through the open window. "I'm glad you're ok and your
sister is better now. I'm proud of you... I would've killed the bastard
myself."

"Rick, what do you want?"

"Hey, relax. I just wanna talk to you."

"Don't."

"Why?"

Linda breathed in and looked straight ahead. Then she stared back at
him.

"Rick, it's over. Don't you understand that?"

"Why? I still can't figure out why you did what you did... at the movie
theater. I want to listen..."

"This's hardly the place, Rick... and there's nothing to talk about. If
you want to listen to me, just pay attention to what I am saying. IT IS
OVER. Nothing you can say is gonna change my mind."

"It's another guy... I can tell."

"No, you're wrong. It's YOU. The sooner you get it into your thick skull
the better."

"I don't believe you."

"Fine," Linda said, starting the car and closing the window.

"Linda," she heard him call, but she just kept turning the car in
reverse. "LINDA!... Bitch!!!!"

Bitch... the very word the redneck had called her... No Baywatch Babe
for them, just bitch... She shuddered, a chill of anger ran up her
spine... For a split second she wished she had that shotgun again... If
she had, she would've shot him.

Linda drove home. No words were exchanged. Nikki looked out the window,
watching the traffic passing by. Linda had seen some tears on Nikki's
cheeks but she couldn't bring herself to touch her, just to make sure
her sister was all right. There was too much hate now.

When Linda parked the car on the driveway, she asked, "You ok?" Her
anger had blown over. It was not fair to make Nikki pay for the failure
of her relationship with Rick.

"I guess... And you?"

Linda took Nikki's hands and said, "Better, much better... knowing
you're here with me." Nikki slid closer to Linda, her head leaning on
her sister's shoulder. Linda kissed her on her forehead. "But I'd feel
even better if you said it again..."

"What?" Nikki asked, sitting straight, her eyes widening. 

"What you use to call me now..."

"Baywatch Babe?"

"That's my girl..."

They laughed together, embracing, holding each other tight, reassuring
one another their love was still intact... despite everything. When they
left the car, they almost held hands... A noise coming from above made
them freeze... It was Mom... Mom was spying on them from the bay window
of her own room.

Anger returned... Linda's throat hurt again... And the words of the
cheering crowd kept thumping inside her head... Way to go, way to go,
way to go...

Right, way to go... Maybe she should kill her parents too... This way
they'd stop... Everybody'd stop...


Part Seven - Desire
-------------

The four sisters jumped into Linda's Jeep. Jeannie was helped by Zoe.
Her weakness was still apparent. Beach would do her good, Linda figured.
Jeannie'd feel pain in her shoulder and upper chest from time to time
but she was visibly better. Dad's surgeon had made a good job. Only a
small scar on Jeannie's left shoulder betrayed the fact that she'd ever
been hit by a shotgun bullet. Why that lunatic had run after them and
shot Jeannie, it had never become clear... The police and the outside
world had Dad's version, though. They'd been kidnapped...  There'd been
hardly an investigation about how the redneck had died. Linda didn't
know what strings Dad had pulled but the case had been closed... And no
questions asked...

During the 40-mile trip to the summer house, there was not much talking.
Linda was enjoying the wind in her hair. The sun was shining and the
temperature had risen up to a balmy seventy-nine. Balmy weather had
always made her feel sexy... and they'd have the house to themselves. No
more spying, no more of Mom's controlling...

Mom'd become so damn paranoid... and suspicious. Linda recalled the
quarrel between Mom and herself over the bedroom keys. Mom wanted to
prevent them from locking the doors. Fortunately Dad had settled the
matter. Drawing his wife aside he'd whispered a few words into her ear.

"But Fred..." Mom'd protested out loud.

There were more whispered words until Mom's face became paler than
usual. Obviously against her will, Mom held out the keys. Without
hesitating, Linda'd seized them back. She defied her mother with a
triumphant smile. Mom just left the hall, banging shut the door of her
own room.

"Be wise, Linda," Dad'd warned her. "I trust you. And please, stop that
*nonsense*... You don't need that..."

                                       ------ ******** ------

Linda looked at Nikki... There was some wind down at the beach... the
same secluded beach where she'd seen Nikki and Jeannie kiss. Her heart
began to melt... Nikki was so beautiful... Her blond hair flowing free,
the sea breeze caressing their bodies, the late afternoon sun stroking
their skin warm... Linda's eyes traced Nikki's breasts, this time
covered by her bikini top, then her flat, tanned tummy, then her legs...
Her gaze concentrated itself on her sister's bikini bottom, her
crotch... Linda wondered if her sister was as wet as she was... She
wanted to kiss her so badly. Desire was making her mouth dry, her heart
beating faster. Nikki was watching the twins playing on the beach...
Jeannie had settled down on the sand, tired... Zoe sat beside her. The
twins were thirty feet away... Linda could talk to Nikki now without
being overheard. 

Linda kept staring at Nikki, examining her voluptuous curves, her soft
body. Linda still craved for a kiss, but her sister was still oblivious
of her. Nikki watched the sunset... The sky fireball touching the
horizon, sending forth red rays, dyeing the quiet sea with red shades
that would come and go with the gentle undulation.

"Hey, Baywatch Babe," Linda called. She couldn't wait any longer.

Nikki looked at her, grinning. "Hey, that's not fair. You're the
Baywatch Babe... I made it up for you."

"So? We could be both Baywatch Babes..."

Nikki stared at her sister, her pulse accelerating, her breathing
getting heavier... She could see Linda's desire gleaming in her magnetic
green eyes. God, she'd never stop loving this heavenly creature, this
witch, this sister of hers... Nikki licked her dry lips and looked
around. This late afternoon the beach was not deserted. It was
weekend... A few couples lay on the sand dunes -- the perfect make-out
place, it seemed. They were kinda far away, she thought. Could she kiss
Linda without causing an uproar on the beach?

"Linda..." she said, facing her sister.

"Yes?"

"I want us to make love..."

"Me too."

"But..."

"I know, baby... I know. But I don't care if you don't."

And as soon as Linda said it, Nikki crawled nearer and kissed her
sister. Nikki began to melt and melt inside.

"Oh baby, baby," Linda whispered, embracing Nikki, making her sister lie
on top of her. Her pussies were contacting each other, creating an
exquisite pressure... warmth radiating from one pussy to the other,
generating an explosive combination of desire... DESIRE... crazy,
blinding desire... They forgot where they were and the danger of being
caught. They kissed and kissed, burning mouths biting each other's lips,
licking tongues yearning for a wet, willing partner... "Ooohhh, NIKKI...
Nikki, my love..."

Nikki, unfastening Linda's bikini top, kissed her sister once again,
causing Linda to sigh, a deep sigh... She kissed her neck, her hands
rummaging around Linda's boobs, feeling how soft they were, how hard her
sister's nipples had become.

"Oh, Gaawwwdddd..." Nikki whimpered when Big Sis felt her breasts. "Oh,
Gawd... I don't believe this..." But Big Sis made her believe it... Big
Sis was killing her with soft caresses, stroking her up and down her
body, reaching further and further down her tummy. "You drive me crazy,
Sis... You... drive me... crazy..."

"That's the intention," Linda cracked, in spite of her arousal. "That's
the whole point, baby."

Nikki stopped, gazing deeply into those green eyes, that sea of green
she loved to drown in. "I love you when you call me "baby"."

"I love to call you "baby", my little, crazy, passionate baby... My
Baywatch baby..."

Nikki chortled. Baywatch baby... This was getting mushier by the
minute... Some action was needed or desire might disappear... She
reached under Linda's bikini bottom, founding out how wet Big Sis was.

"You're dripping, my dear..."

"Yes, so are you," Linda replied, grabbing Nikki ass, kneading it up and
down, increasing the pressure of her sister's pussy on her own, Nikki's
hand in between, producing an incredible wave of pleasure in Linda's
body. Her bodies kept on rubbing and rubbing down there. They shook
together because they hungered for the same... Sweet release, hands on
breasts, fingers on nipples, caressing and caressing... "Oh Nikki,
Nikki... I love you."

And with that, sweet release came, simultaneously... Their eyes closed,
their hearts, pussies throbbed together, their mouths exhaling at the
same time, becoming one in a deep, deep kiss... Minutes went by, and the
kiss didn't end, until they came once again...


Part Eight - Desperation
------------

"Jeannie, wake up." Jeannie opened her eyes and saw Linda gazing down at
her. "How do you feel?"

Jeannie smiled at Linda. She yawned and said, "Better... My shoulder
still hurts but last night wasn't so bad... What's the time?"

"Noon."

"Noon? So late?"

"Yes. I let you sleep the whole morning. You needed that... Last night
you were really tired... Beach can wear you down if you're not used to
it."

"Where's Zoe? And Nikki?"

"They went surfing... They were just moping around the house, so I had
to more or less kick them out..."

"Surfing?... They went surfing alone?"

"No... Pete's here as well, for the weekend... He's just called and
asked them to join him." Linda smiled, discerning a tinge of jealousy in
her sister's eyes. "Hey, baby... Don't you worry... Pete's a nice guy,
most of the times... Especially if he's not around Mr. Cool... And
you've got to trust Zoe... as I trust Nikki, all right?"

"Why didn't you go with them?"

"Because I don't want to let you here alone... You're so weak...
still..."

Jeannie's eyes began to glisten... She was moved by Linda's love for
her... She didn't deserve it... She didn't deserve to have such a loving
sister...

"What's the matter, baby?" Linda asked. "Did I say something wrong?"

"No," Jeannie said, getting out of bed. "I've gotta pee."

"Do you wanna go to the mall with me?" Linda called out, making sure
Jeannie could hear her from the bathroom.

"Sounds nice..."

"Ok. It is settled then..." Linda said, standing up. She ambled up to
the bathroom door and added, "I'm going downstairs. I'm gonna fix you a
healthy brunch... and then we go."

Jeannie looked up and saw her sister staring at her. Without thinking
Jeannie drew her legs together, out of shame. Her pussy was becoming
wet... embarrassingly wet... Just the thought of being alone with Linda
made her breathless... She hoped Nikki and Zoe would stay long enough
down at the beach. She didn't dare think about it but maybe something
would happen...

"Ok, Linda... Give me a quarter of an hour and I'll be ready..."

Linda just smiled... and left. Jeannie lingered on the privy, unable to
move. Jeannie wondered what Linda's smile meant...

                                       ------ ******** ------

They walked down the mall arcade. Sheryl Crow was singing "Sweet
Rosalyn" from her newest album. The rhythm was catching, so they began
to move their bodies to the music, laughing at each other. As usual
people started to stare...

Jeannie was happy... Her shoulder and chest hurt because of the laughter
but being with Linda pain didn't matter much. All she wanted danced
beside her, as though that arcade of the shopping mall had become a
dance floor. Linda was so magical... She could turn the most
insignificant moment of their lives into a reason to go wild, and do
outrageous things like dancing in a shopping mall. Jeannie felt alive,
so fucking alive... She laughed to herself... Swearing was becoming a
turn-on... Zoe had taught her that... A shudder ran down her spine...

They stopped when a group of horny young males surrounded them, joining
the impromptu party.

"Let's go, Jeannie," Linda commanded, pulling at her sister's forearm,
ignoring the unsolicited attention. They hurried into a store, escaping
from the guys who kept tailing them. The two sisters shuffled through
bomber jackets and dresses and lingerie, killing time... The guys were
waiting for them outside. Linda joked about trying out a couple of bras,
some of them flagrantly bigger than her own size. Jeannie could not help
giggling, taking a quick glance at the store entrance. The guys hadn't
moved. One of them had lit up a cigarette, leaning against the cement of
a pillar. He was talking with one of his pals... Planning a strategy?

"Let's try them out," Linda said, this time with a more serious look on
her face. "They'll give up, sooner or later..."

Jeannie looked at her sister, stunned. Linda couldn't mean that, or
could she? Anticipation made Jeannie flush, a dazzling sensation raged
through her body. Her legs turned into rubber, moisture and a warm
tension built up in her pussy.

"Are you coming, Jeannie?"

"Y-- yes," she stammered. "But I need a few more... Those are too big
for me."

Linda laughed. "Give it a few more years and you'll see... Pick up a
couple of them and join me, ok?"

"Ok," Jeannie said, not believing her luck. Was Big Sis aware of what
her invitation was causing inside her? Jeannie wondered. Was she? Or was
she just teasing, like she did with her endless list of suitors?

Jeannie sifted through the heap of bras on sale and chose two sporty
items... They'd come in handy for cheerleading practice. She made haste
past a salesclerk, blushing against her will. It seemed to Jeannie that
the salesclerk hadn't missed a thing. Maybe that meddlesome woman had
guessed every thought, every feeling that capered inside her head.
Jeannie hesitated... She didn't know whether she should walk in Linda's
stall or look for another. She looked around but the second stall was
also occupied, leaving her with no choice.

"Linda, may I come in?"

"Of course," was the answer coming from the other side of the curtain.

With a quick motion Jeannie swayed in. Linda was looking at her own
reflection, pulling her breasts up, trying out a very daring push-up
bra. Jeannie's pussy became alive again... Warmth, sweet damp warmth
down there...

"So, what do you think?" Linda asked, still staring at the mirror. "You
like it?"

"Y-- yes..."

Linda looked at Jeannie... and how her youngest sister stared at her
breasts. How eagerly Jeannie had sucked them a few months ago flashed
through her mind, which caused her nipples to stiffen in no time.
Jeannie's face was flushed, her breathing was heavy...

"Jeannie, are you ok?" Linda asked, refusing to accept those signs of
blatant desire coming from her little sister.

"Yes..." Jeannie's voice sounded so anguished, as though she was
terrified with something...

"Come here," Linda said, her mouth becoming dry, her cunt throbbing...
Guilt, though, began to seep back. One thing was making love with
Nikki... Making love with Jeannie was-- Linda didn't know... Jeannie was
so young, so eager to please... And Linda didn't want to doublecross
anyone... But Jeannie's eyes looked so desperate, so hungry for love.

Despite of everything Linda held Jeannie close, feeling her sister's
heart thumping as fast as hers. Her hands brushed Jeannie's hair away
from her moist face. Jeannie was crying...
 
"Jeannie... why?"

"I don't know," Jeannie sobbed. "I really don't know. I'm sorry."

"For what?"

Jeannie sobbed again. It seemed that her head was going to explode, her
body was so warm as if it was on fire. Jeannie breathed in in stutters.
She inhaled Big Sis' fragrance, her hands touching Big Sis' right breast
by accident. Linda shuddered...

"Linda..."

"Yes?"

"Please..."

"What?"

"Let's go home..." Jeannie said, swallowing, removing herself from
Linda's embrace. " I've gotta go, Linda... I've gotta go... I'm
sorry..." And without looking back Jeannie tore off down the aisles of
the store and disappeared from view.

"Jeannie!" Linda screamed from the stall. The few clients in the store
and a handful of salesclerks stared at her, but Linda was beyond caring.
She changed bras and slipped her blouse back on at full speed and
scooted out the store. She'd heard a "hey"... Probably one salesclerk
thought this was a ploy to walk away with a couple of bras for free...
Idiots!

Linda ran after Jeannie but her sister was nowhere to be seen. She
scanned the arcades of the mall but to no avail.

"Oh, God..." she whispered to herself, pulling her long hair away from
her eyes, still searching for Jeannie. "Oh, God... Please, Jeannie...
Don't do this to me."

Finally Linda decided to look for Jeannie outside the mall but her
sister wasn't there either...

"Oh Jeannie, Jeannie... Where are you?... Where... are... you?..."


Part Nine - Revelations
-----------

Nikki and Zoe waved goodbye to Pete. Nikki found amazing how different
Pete could be if he was away from the rest of the gang. He was more
patient, and instead of behaving like an asshole trying to impress them
with smooth moves on the surfboard -- far too difficult for beginners --
he'd make sure they knew the basics before attempting something more
daring. They were discussing this when they got home. 

"Hi, Nikki," Linda greeted, meeting them at the door. "Hi, Zoe..."

"What's the matter, Linda?" Nikki asked. "You look so pale."

"Jeannie... I don't know where she is."

"What?" Zoe exclaimed.

"It's my fault..."

"Calm down, Linda," Nikki said, getting rid of her surfboard and urging
Linda back in. "What are you talking about?"

Linda was shaking. Their older sister, the one who was always in
control, appeared to have lost her composure. Linda was doubled up,
crying in the couch. Nikki sat next to her.

"Linda, listen to me... What happened? Please, tell me."

"It's my fault... All this is my fault."

"What, Linda? What?"

It took a few long minutes before Linda was able to explain what had
happened in the mall.

"If something happens to Jeannie... I'll never forgive myself... Oh,
Nikki... Nikki."

"She's down at the beach," Zoe suddenly said. Her sisters looked at her,
their eyes questioning her how she could be so sure. "Don't ask me why
but I just know she's down at the beach. Let's go."

And for the first time Zoe led the way. The three of them made a beeline
for the promenade and then for the beach. Soon they found Jeannie
sitting on the sand, her arms encircling her knees, staring at the
waves, her light hair flitting around her head.

"Jeannie!" Zoe called out, drawing near her twin sister.

Jeannie didn't look up. She just kept staring at the water.

"Jeannie, we were worried sick about you," Nikki added.

"Just leave me alone."

"We ain't gonna leave without you. It's late... and you know it's not
safe to stay here after dark." Nikki crouched down beside Jeannie.
"Jeannie, listen--"

"I'm not coming with you. Just leave me ALONE!!!"

And for the first time in all her life Nikki was afraid of Jeannie.
Jeannie had looked at her with so much hate... She looked so desperate.
Nikki turned to Linda for help, but Big Sis appeared as despaired and
helpless as Jeannie. If Linda was unable to do anything, there was
nothing she could do, Nikki concluded. And that powerlessness scared
Nikki more than anything. She'd always counted on Big Sis to solve this
kind of crises. And the unthinkable crossed her mind...

"I'm gonna call Dad."

"What?" Zoe cried out.

"Yes, look at Linda and Jeannie..." Nikki said with a lump in her
throat. "I've never seen them so messed up... I don't know what happened
in that fucking mall... But I do know we can't go on like this... This
is fucking our brains up, can't you see that?"

"Nikki, don't you understand?"

"What, Zoe?"

"Jeannie wants to sleep with Linda..."

"What?... Is this all about--"

"Yes. And Linda doesn't want to hurt you... Can you be that blind?"

Nikki gazed at Linda in total disbelief... Big Sis was crying copiously,
her hair flying with the breeze, her eyes so helpless, so dejected...

"Is this true, Linda?" Nikki asked.

Seconds, like minutes, hours, elapsed before Linda could nod.

"Why didn't you tell me, Linda? Why? I would've understood."

"You would?" Linda said, cleaning her face dry with her fingers.

"Of course... You think I want to see you this desperate? I don't want
to drive anyone crazy. Who am I to forbid you or Jeannie anything? I am
not Mom... or Dad."

"Oh Nikki," Linda whispered, hugging her sister. "I was feeling so
guilty."

"Don't. How many times do I have to say that to you? Nothing happened to
me or to the twins against our will. We made love because we BOTH wanted
that. I could've said no... But I didn't. I said yes and I will say yes
to you till I die."

"Oh Nikki..." Linda sighed, holding Nikki tighter and staring at
Jeannie. Her youngest sister appeared to be as bewildered as herself.
Zoe offered her hand to her twin sister and this time Jeannie accepted
it, rising to her feet. Linda freed Nikki from her embrace and drew
closer to the twins. "And you, Zoe," Linda asked, "what do you think
about it? You two were fighting over it when we ran away, weren't you?"

"Yes. We were... but not anymore... I kept thinking about it when
Jeannie was in the hospital. I promised to myself if she got better I'd
never hit her again... She's free to do what she pleases... All I want
is her happiness... I swear."

"Don't," Linda said. "There's no need to. I believe you. Let's go home.
I'll fix a nice dinner... and we'll talk about it."

The four sisters walked back home, ignoring the multitude of cars and
people who flocked together towards the beach and the promenade. A year
ago they would've joined the partying crowd without a worry in their
minds. Now life seemed far more complicated. Their hearts weighed heavy
and their eyes hurt from crying.

Nikki held Zoe closer and pushed Jeannie into Linda's arms. Linda smiled
her thank you to her unbelievably unselfish sister. The fist that
squeezed her heart began to relent... She looked down at Jeannie...
Jeannie's eyes were half-shut, leaning against her big sister's
shoulder. Jeannie was utterly worn out. No wonder... after such a
dreadful day... It was a day to forget... or maybe to remember... one
day...


Part Ten - Massage
----------

"Who was that?" Linda asked, slicing up the tomatoes for the salad.

"Pete," Nikki answered, stepping in the kitchen and abandoning the black
wireless phone on the table. "He's just asked me out."

"And?"

"Jealous?"

"Maybe."

"Don't," Nikki whispered into her ear, causing Linda to tremble with a
chilling thrill. Nikki's arms encompassed her sister's waist. "I said
no."

"You didn't have to."

"I know... Not in the mood..."

They heard the twins coming down the stairs. Linda's hands clutched
Nikki's arms, wriggling herself out of her sister's embrace. She sent an
apologetic look to Nikki... "Only tonight," Linda murmured. "Ok?"

"Don't worry..." Nikki said, shaking her head. "I'm not in a hurry."

After dinner and cleaning up the kitchen, the four sisters went to the
living room. Zoe turned on the tv and plumped herself down on the couch.
Jay Leno's face appeared on the screen. It wasn't the Tonight Show but
an interview with him. The interviewer referred to the usual jokes about
his chin, and whether or not that bothered him... Nikki hunkered down
next to Zoe.

"I think I'm gonna hit the sack," Jeannie said, rotating her shoulder,
feeling it with her hand, making a grimace.

"Still hurts?" Linda asked, still standing, just a couple of feet away
from Jeannie.

"Hmm mmm," Jeannie acquiesced.

"Maybe you should go with Jeannie," Nikki said, looking at Linda.
"Jeannie can sleep in my bed tonight... If she needs a massage you'll be
right next to her. I'll keep Zoe company... Right, Zoe?"

"Hmm mmm," Zoe's turn to agree.

"We'll be ok," Nikki assured her hesitating sisters. "Just go... Or do
we have to drag you two upstairs?"

Linda smiled... Nikki's words sounded so strange, though. Nikki was
literally pushing her into Jeannie's arms, Linda realized. Her
beautiful, large-hearted sister understood the burning desire Jeannie
felt for her, Linda, sister, lover...

Lover?... What a strange word to describe what they were to each
other...

Linda climbed the stairs behind Jeannie. Jeannie stopped by the room she
shared with Zoe.

"You don't wanna come?" Linda asked her.

"To your room?"

"Yes."

"Do you want that?..."

"Only if you want to."

"I do."

"Ok, I'll give you a massage to your shoulder..."

Jeannie nodded, her body turning into flames inside. Her legs were
failing her... Was this the moment she had waited for all her life? Was
tonight the night? She'd had so many letdowns... Life is hard... Life
isn't easy... She tried to convince herself this was just a promise of a
simple massage. Jeannie shook her head... She didn't want to think about
it... It'd be another letdown...

Self-consciously Jeannie changed into her pajamas after washing her face
in Linda's bathroom. It was the first time she did that in front of her
Big Sis. It felt like they were bride and groom on their first, awkward
night together. Maybe they were... Jeannie shook her head again, driving
away that crazy daydreaming. She was getting carried away... but close
quarters with Big Sis was such an intoxicating experience now.

"Ready?" Linda asked, smiling at her sister's reflection in the mirror.
She spread her night cream all over her face.

"What's this stuff?" Jeannie queried, examining the cream bowl.

"It hydrates your skin... Beach dries it up... Want some?"

"Does it tickle?"

"No," Linda chuckled, "but I do."

Jeannie let out a short-lived shriek of delight when Linda did tickle
her ribcage. Jeannie ran to Nikki's bed, giggling. Nikki's bed was hers
tonight... She was going to sleep next to Linda... 'This must be a
dream,' she decided. 'This can't be real...'

Linda walked toward her, the cream bowl in her hand. "Ok, just lie back
and close your eyes. I'll start with your face."

Jeannie obeyed, realizing how unusually warm her body was. She waited
for the contact... the supreme moment... Linda's hands touched her,
finally, producing an unending, delicious trembling... It was more than
a sexual feeling now... It seemed as though her body was floating on
air, leaving this earth, full of disappointments and misery... Only
Linda was able to do that... Linda was a goddess... the river nymph...
spreading a magical ointment that cooled down her flushed face and made
her relax. She wanted to kiss her... She wanted Linda to kiss her... But
the kiss never came. She opened her eyes.

"Feeling good?" Linda said, smiling down at her.

Jeannie nodded. She couldn't talk.

"Now, your shoulder... You've got to take your pajamas off, Jeannie. I
mean, only the top..."

"Ok," Jeannie said, straightening herself up on the bed. She looked
down, avoiding Linda's stare. Linda helped her out of the pajamas top.
Redfaced Jeannie faced her sister, hiding her own breasts behind her
arms.

"What?"

"They're so small."

"No, they aren't... They're beautiful... just like you."

"Yours are bigger..."

Linda laughed. "Hey, young lady... This ain't a contest for big boobs,
all right?" Jeannie laughed back, nervously. Then Linda added, "And by
the way that's nothing I haven't seen before. Just relax, girl. Lie
down... on your stomach."

Linda brushed Jeannie's long golden tresses away from her slender back.
She applied the massage oil Mom kept in her closet on Jeannie's arms and
shoulder blades. With care she spread it slowly, very slowly, all over
her sister's back, concentrating the massage more and more on the
injured shoulder. She smiled to herself, watching Jeannie's eyelids
close, her sister's body get less and less taut. Linda felt happy, in
spite of the ghastly events that had taken place that afternoon. She was
reassuring Jeannie, making her feel loved... sex aside... When she was
done with Jeannie, her sister didn't move... Linda realized Jeannie had
fallen asleep. Linda covered her with the sheets, making an all-out
effort to prevent any sudden movement that could wake her sister up.

She turned off the lights, sighing... 'Better this way...' she thought.
They didn't have to sleep together... Maybe that'd be a bad call... for
both of them...


Part Eleven - To die for
--------------

Jeannie's eyes flickered open. She turned over, her elbow supporting her
weight. She brushed her hair off her eyes and mouth. She felt so
terribly tired. Beach was wearing her down, as Linda had said. Jeannie
raised her eyes and stared at her sister, and sighed... Straining
herself to recover from her somnolence, she dragged herself out of bed.
It was 7 am and the first sun rays wrestled with the darkness in the
sky... The birds sang on the neighboring trees, enjoying the few hours
of freedom in the park below... No humans around to spoil their
happiness...

She went to the bathroom and stopped in front of the mirror, examining
her own tired-out features. With a movement of her head, she threw her
hair back and away from her face. She still looked pale... She scanned
her skin for pimples, a daily habit that drove her twin sister crazy.
Zoe couldn't understand her obsession with skin care, Jeannie
remembered. Zoe'd storm out of the bathroom every time she insisted her
twin ought to do the same.

Jeannie drank water from the faucet, and traipsed back to her bed.
Before she could sit down on it, she looked down at Linda... Big Sis was
still sleeping... Jeannie realized Linda wasn't wearing her T-shirt. The
whiteness of the sheets set off the golden tan of Linda's naked
shoulders and arms. Linda's long curls were spread out on the pillow,
gold against white all over... Jeannie followed her sister's curves
under the sheets... She could guess Linda's breasts, raising and
falling, yielding to the steady breathing of a beautiful body of a even
more beautiful person... Her sister... Her gorgeous, amazing Big Sis...

Jeannie kept staring at Linda. She couldn't look away... She just
couldn't. A knot began to materialize in her throat... And the need, the
crave for Linda came to the surface, making her shudder... Her breathing
was getting heavier again, and swallowing was almost impossible... Every
breath she took seemed like a sigh... Her mouth was as dry as a
desert... a desert without a soul, water...

"Oh God..." Jeannie muttered, this time looking away. A sudden urge to
cry came over her. In no time tears filled up her eyes and began to run
down her cheeks. That same crushing despair she had felt at the mall had
returned... She was unable to understand it... And that scared her...
Sometimes she had the impression she was going to flip out. "Oh Sis...
Linda..."

But Linda didn't wake up. Her chest maintained the same steady rhythm.
Jeannie stared at Linda's face, so peaceful, like an angel's, her
angel...

"Linda, please..." Jeannie begged in a whisper. "Please, Linda... wake
up. I need you... I need you so much... Please... Please..."

Jeannie's quivering became more apparent. And this time she could not
help it. She began to sob... Only then Linda woke up, sitting up on her
bed with a start.

"Jeannie... what happened?" Linda asked. With a spring she got up and
pulled Jeannie into her arms. "Jeannie... for chrissakes...what's the
matter?" But the sobbing wouldn't go away. Jeannie looked so
inconsolable. "Come here, then," Linda said, taking her little sister to
her bed. "Lie down with me. We'll stay here all day if you want to..."
And once in bed, Linda cradled Jeannie close, kissing her forehead, her
eyes, shushing her. Jeannie drew even closer, pressing herself to Linda,
her arms taking hold of Linda's waist. "Jeannie... Jeannie..."

Jeannie stared at Linda... at Linda's green eyes... They were like two
green magnets, emeralds...

"Linda," she sniffled.

"Yes?"

"Linda..." Jeannie repeated. "Linda..."

"Yes, baby... What?"

"Please..."

And with that please, Linda understood how deeply Jeannie had fallen in
love with her. And that was somewhat scary... Not even Nikki seemed to
be that intense...

"Please, Linda... Please... I beg you..." Taking matters into her own
hands, Jeannie kissed the corner of Linda's mouth, crushing her own body
against her sister's. But those green eyes hesitated still. "Please,
Linda... Please, or I'll die... Please... Kiss me... Kiss me... is all I
ask."

Slowly Linda's lips closed down on Jeannie's. Linda could not resist
Jeannie's mind-blowing intensity anymore. Then the kiss happened, very
slowly, as though they were kissing in slow motion. It was a feverish,
intense kiss... so intense they shook at the same time, out of breath.

Making love with Jeannie felt so different, Linda thought. With Nikki
she was able to laugh sometimes. With Jeannie, that wouldn't be
possible. The intensity of Jeannie's look demanded seriousness, and
knowing that someone could love her that much excited in a strange way.
Linda didn't understand how and why... She chose to stop thinking...
Jeannie was waiting.

Linda kissed Jeannie, this time passionately, and Jeannie melted in her
arms, closing her eyes, dying with little spasms, so intense the kiss
had become.

"Linda..." Jeannie breathed out, her eyelids shut still. "Linda...
Linda..." she kept repeating, her voice trailing off, while Linda kissed
her breasts over her pajamas top, then her stomach, uncovering it.
Linda's lips and tongue in her belly button, going up, forcing her
pajamas up, generating more sweet trembling...

Desire grew, Linda noticed... and that was good... Desire made Jeannie
come down to earth, soothed the pain, kept her away from that intense
despair... Because of it, Linda was impatient, her mouth going down to
Jeannie's pussy, licking her sister's panties, almost without any
foreplay. Linda worried about it... Ain't nice to rush things,
considering it was Jeannie's first time with her. But what Linda didn't
know was that that didn't matter to Jeannie. Nothing mattered... Only
being with her big sis mattered...

Linda made Jeannie get rid of her panties, and without delay Big Sis
began to lick her down there, so far away from Jeannie's arms. Linda bit
her sister's inner thighs, lightly... Jeannie blenched a bit, surprised,
but it felt nice... Her pussy was so wet... Jeannie could feel her own
wetness oozing out of her cunt... It was so sweet... and crazy at the
same time... And Linda kept her licking there, causing shivers, endless
shivers...

"Uuhhmmm... Linda... Linda... Love you... I love you..." Jeannie
whispered, playing with her sister's hair, brushing it with her fingers,
while desire kept growing... and growing... "Oh Linda!" she screamed,
her body arching up. Linda had bitten her once more, making her juices
flow and flow. She opened her eyes and saw how damp her sister's face
was... Linda's face was intent on giving her pleasure... There wasn't a
smile in that face...

'I'm dying,' Jeannie thought. 'I must be dying...' She pushed Linda's
face against her pussy. It was time to increase the pressure and the
rhythm. Jeannie rose her legs and pressed them together... and she
almost fainted when she felt Linda's tongue inside her... And further
inside it slid, touching her clit, lightly, with utmost care... Jeannie
lowered her legs... That position was too tiring... She was weak... Her
sister made her weaker and weaker...

Jeannie felt a small orgasm coming... Linda was coming nearer and nearer
Jeannie's clit with her tongue. Jeannie shut her eyes again, feeling one
wave and then other... Pleasure was coming...

"Oooohhh..." Jeannie moaned. "Gawd... Linda... No... Yes... Yes...
YEEEESSSS!!!!" It was a hiss, following the most incredible wave of
pleasure... The orgasm was about to happen but not yet... Linda kept
teasing Jeannie's clit, inserting her tongue up Jeannie's cunt, licking
the soaking walls of it. "Linda, I'm dying... I'm dying..."

Then the orgasm came, Jeannie's body shuddered from head to toe, and she
lay still, as though she had indeed died. But she was alive, very
alive... Her heart thundered in her chest, her body was on fire,
demanding for more. A second wave happened, and then another orgasm,
Linda's tongue inside her, keeping on licking her, Linda's lips sucking
her juices, kissing her down there, softly, tenderly.

Linda was her angel that made her float on air. It felt as though they
were floating and floating above the bed, the sky, the trees outside...
It was morning now... 

"It's enough, Linda," Jeannie's said, pulling her sister up and into her
arms.

They kissed for a very long time, Jeannie's hand slipping in between
their hot bodies, fumbling for Linda's sex. Jeannie wanted to make her
sister cum while kissing. Linda helped her, putting Jeannie's hand in
the right position. Another kiss, deep-felt kiss, and a hand touching
Linda's pussy, clit...

"Baby... Jeannie... That's right... That's it... Go on... Please...
Gawd... JEANNIE... YES... Yes...Uuuuhhhmmm... You're so good... to
me..."

And they kissed once more, Jeannie tasting her own juices in Linda's
mouth... It was delicious to see Linda like this, Jeannie concluded, so
close to the ecstatic moment, her moment... to feel her pussy pulsating
around slippery hands and invading fingers, covered with Linda's and her
own juices... It was to die for... 

Linda came finally, letting out a whispered groan of intense pleasure,
rolling her eyes and breathing out deeply. Seeing this, Jeannie's joy
had no end. She had succeeded in making Big Sis cum. Not even in her
wildest dreams she had imagined that. She loved her... Yes, it was
really to die for...

They made love all morning, caressing, feeling their breasts against
each other's bodies... Jeannie couldn't stop touching those mounds of
soft, round flesh... Linda's and her own... She sucked Linda's nipples,
one after the other and then back to the first, exciting her sister
closer and closer to yet another orgasm.

"I love you," Jeannie whispered.

"I love *you*," it was the answer spoken by a hoarse voice. Then only
silence, and a long moan... Linda's pleasure, produced by Jeannie's lips
on those nice breasts... It had happened again.


Part Twelve - Breakdown
--------------

Linda sneaked out the bed as silently as possible. Jeannie was sleeping
now, spent by their intense lovemaking. It felt odd to make love with
Jeannie... Her youngest sister's love was so absolutely breathtaking...
The intensity of her gaze and feelings were something that she, Linda,
had never experienced, not even with Nikki. It'd been like a religious
experience... It had been more than sex... There was a time it felt like
their souls were merging into one...

Linda slipped her T-shirt and her panties on. Linda breathed out deeply
as she reached the stairs, remembering something she'd heard about
out-of-body experiences... Maybe she was going crazy... Linda shook her
head, finding herself in the living room. She heard voices... Zoe and
Nikki and someone else were outside in the backyard. She hesitated about
joining her sisters without any pants on... Linda peeked out the window,
hiding behind the drawn drapes. A man was talking to her sisters. He was
middle-aged; white hair, and a large forehead with a receding hairline
dominated his pudgy features... He wore a weathered tweed jacket and
smoked a cigar... She had never seen him. She stopped by the open
backdoor and listened...

"So, you sure?" the stranger said.

"Yes," Zoe replied.

"And you'd better be going, mister," Nikki added, "or I'll call the
cops..."

"Ok, ok... Take it easy, kids... I'm leaving..." Saying this, he made a
slow turn and lumbered down the driveway.

"Hi, Linda," Nikki greeted, watching her sister coming over.

"Hi... Who's that guy? What did he want?"

"He was asking questions..." Nikki said, stealing a glance at Zoe.

"What kind of questions?"

"He said he was a reporter... and was writing a story about Dad... He
wanted to know things about us... Mom... Dad... The kidnapping, and..."

"And what?"

"How our kidnapper died..."

"And what did you say?"

"We didn't say anything, Linda," Zoe intervened. "We said if he wanted
to write a piece about Dad he should talk to him..."

"And what else?"

"Linda," Nikki said, holding her sister's trembling hands, "there's
nothing to worry about... We didn't tell him anything... We just said he
was trespassing... He had no right to come barging in to our backyard...
Honest."

Linda sighed, freeing one hand and tossing her hair over her shoulder
with it. She sat down on a lawn chair, still shaking.

"Linda," Nikki asked, kneeling down beside Linda's chair, "why are you
so upset?"

"Because he might've followed us, Nikki... Because he might've taken
pictures, when you and I were making love... on the beach..."

"He didn't mention any pictures... Linda, why worry? I don't care if
he's got pictures of us making out... Sometimes I wish..."

"What?" Linda said, her eyes meeting Nikki's, which had gained sudden
aloofness.

Nikki shook her head.

"What, Nikki?"

"Nothing..."

"Please, don't do this to me... Tell me..."

"It's not possible, Linda... So why should I say it aloud? It's not
possible."

"What?"

"It is ridiculous..."

"Let me be the judge of that."

"You're going to laugh at me."

"No, I won't. You should know me better than that..."

"Ok... I wish... Sometimes I wish I could marry you... So, it's out...
Now you can laugh..."

Before the words could sink in Nikki got to her feet and ran back into
the house, leaving Linda there in the backyard, with a stupefied look on
her face. Linda raised her eyes, her heart pounding like a mad man in
her chest. She stared at Zoe but her sister didn't move. Zoe looked
down, averting her eyes... Things were getting out of control, Linda
thought, unable to prevent her hands from shaking... Feelings were
running ahead their heads once more... Maybe Nikki was right when she
said all that was fucking up their brains...

And the pain came back... The scream was inside her again... Zoe came
closer.

"Linda..." she said, kneeling at her sister's feet, taking hold of her
hands. "Linda, I know it's hard... but it's been hard on all of us...
Nikki needs you... Jeannie needs you... We all need you. If you break
down now... I don't know what's going to happen to us... I don't know
many things.. but I do know this... You've got to be strong...
Please..."

Despite her low spirits, Linda raised a fleeting smile. "So wise now...
What ever happened to you?"

"I've already told you... When I saw Jeannie lying up there, bleeding to
death, and then in the hospital... I realized how stupid our quarrels
were... how petty human minds can be... I was losing her... and I swore
I was not going to let it happen again... EVER!!!!"

"You're right, Zoe," Linda said, trying to get up. Zoe reached out for
her, helping her to stand up. "I feel so weak..." And the moment Linda
said it, her legs gave up, her eyes went blank, and her body fell on the
lawn with a thump...


Part Thirteen - Distance
----------------

Linda moseyed along the beach, making a compromise between not getting
her cut-off jeans wet and feeling the sea water swirl around her feet,
stroking them gently, like a self-effacing, attentive lover... She went
for a spin, making sure nobody was following her. She felt lonely but
she needed that loneliness in order to survive. It'd been two weeks now
since her nervous breakdown... She needed distance from Mom and Dad,
even from Nikki... and particularly from Jeannie...

Jeannie's intense love touched Linda too deep and to a point she thought
she'd go crazy... Linda hadn't discussed that with Dr. Mansfield -- Dad
had insisted she see a therapist -- but by now that dark-haired,
attractive young woman was cognizant of the goings-on concerning her
sisters Nikki and Jeannie and herself... Linda'd never mentioned the
twins had slept together, however... She didn't want to give the
therapist the impression the McDougall's household had turned into a big
orgy... 

Linda walked up to a dune and away from the waves. Again she scrutinized
the beach for other people. She sighed and let herself fall on the sand,
enjoying its warmth... The thought that Nikki or Jeannie could show up
uninvited at the summer house scared her sometimes. Linda didn't hate
them... No, on the contrary... She still loved them very much... but at
that moment she just couldn't handle the awesome amount of love her
sisters lavished upon her -- or so she thought.

To Linda's surprise and relief, Emma -- Dr. Mansfield's given name --,
had been far from being judgmental. The therapist'd been understanding
although to a certain extent... Emma had stated several times she didn't
condone what was happening between Linda and her sisters... Incest can
be a devastating experience, she'd contended...

Sometimes Linda would smile to herself, though... Emma's brown eyes'd
shimmer from time to time. It seemed as though that Emma found that
subject *too* interesting. She'd ask details about seductions and
lovemaking... Linda couldn't figure out why a therapist'd be interested
in that, unless... In spite of Emma's curiosity, the therapist had
helped Linda enormously. Linda's oppressive guilt was on the wane now,
although she'd have her occasional nightmares about the redneck, the
shotgun, and Jeannie lying on the ground, bleeding and crying for
help...

Linda played with the sand, grabbing a handful of it and then letting it
trickle down between her fingers, as though her hand had become a
hourglass, time passing by and never coming back... She squinted at the
waves... She was bored. She missed Nikki... her sister's love... her
unconditional love... 'Nikki must hate me,' she thought. 'I ran away
from her...' And for the first time Linda was afraid of losing what she
had with Nikki... It had never occurred to her that Nikki might stop
loving her. All Linda's relationships ended by her initiative. Leaving
instead of being dumped was the rule rather than the exception.

Linda returned to the summer house, ignoring the staring and the head
turning she usually caused on the streets. Alone, without her sisters,
that seduction game had no point, no glamor, no thrill... She realized
all that hype about the promenade, and guys, and teasing, and flirting,
had been just an excuse to talk about sex, love, with her sisters... The
seduction game was not about the boys... The seduction game was about
the girls... her sisters...

Tapping nervously on the keys of the wireless phone, Linda dialed Mom
and Dad's number.

"McDougall's residence..." Linda heard from the other end of the line.

"Hi, Mom."

"Hi, Linda... I'm surprised you called..."

"I think I wanna come home..."

"So soon? Did you discuss that with Dr. Mansfield?"

"No... Do I have to?"

"No. Do you think it's wise? After all, we all know why you collapsed on
the backyard..."

"Do we, Mom?" A long silence followed. Linda was getting annoyed with
Mom's nagging tone of voice. Taking her chances, Linda asked, "Is Nikki
home?"

"No, she's gone out with Lana and Jack... Why?"

"I wanna talk to her."

Silence again, interrupted only by static and far away noises. Linda
heard a female voice talking to Mom. It was Nikki's...

"Hi, Linda," Nikki greeted her. Her sister's voice sounded as eager as
before. Probably there was still hope for them... "How are you? Are you
feeling better? I was so worried..."

"How's Lana... and Jack?"

"Oh, they're ok. Still much in love with each other... Lana's a good
friend. She sends her love..."

"Did you talk about--"

"--us? No... I didn't tell a soul... and I never will..." There was a
pause, then a sigh. "I miss you."

Linda's heart jolted... Were they telepaths? "I miss *you*," Linda
replied.

"Why don't you come home then?"

"I've already told Mom I was coming. She didn't seem happy about it but
I don't care... How are the twins? Are they ok?"

"Yes... Zoe's changed a lot... The twins don't fight anymore... Zoe's
more or less become like you... I'm impressed."

"Life and death does that, Nikki... I'm happy for them... Ok, I'm gonna
hang up. Give me an hour and I'll be home."

"Ok, I'll be waiting... Be careful... I don't want to lose you now..."

Linda smiled. "You won't."

                                       ------ ******** ------

Linda's eyes could not believe it... A quiver rushed down her spine...
It was a quiver out of fear... Her legs became taut. She hit the brakes
just in time to prevent a photographer from ending up under the wheels
of her Jeep. What the hell was happening? Why was the press crowding the
gate of her house? Two cops let her through, receiving orders from a
walkie-talkie to do so.

The journalists were screaming something like murder... arrest... Fred
McDougall... Her father's name.

Dad? Murdered? That didn't make sense. She'd just talked to Mom and
Nikki an hour ago...

Linda was escorted in by a detective who promptly identified himself as
the man in charge. He put his bulky arm around her, maybe bracing her
for the worst. She walked in the living room and found Mom crying, Dad
standing still beside her. His hair was mussed up, his face serious and
tired... He wore no tie, no jacket... The cuff links unfastened...

What was the meaning of all this? Who'd been murdered? If not Dad, then
who? Nikki??? The twins??? No, that couldn't be true... Or could it?...
Linda stared at her father's eyes but he looked away... Linda's heart
sank... She just couldn't believe it...

The cruellest thought crossed her mind... Had Dad killed them?... No...
NO!!!!  It didn't make any sense... It didn't... That couldn't be
true... It just couldn't...

THE END?
