Copyright © 1998,    Bebrack.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.



The Sister in Law

by Bebrack



The bright morning sun streamed through the bedroom window, splashing it's golden light throughout the room. I stretched lazily as I became aware of my morning hardon tenting the sheet spread carelessly over me . I wasn't sure if it was just a piss-hardon or if the sounds coming from my brother's and his wife's bedroom a short while ago had caused this throbbing tent pole. My brother was twelve years older than my twenty-nine years and I think his wife was a year or two older than that, so the activity coming from their bedroom had kind of surprised me. Who thinks of older people having sex? Just then a quiet knock sounded at my door. I feigned sleep, closing my eyes till I could just barely see, and quietly waited. In a few moments the door opened slightly and Jane, my brother's wife peeked in the door. She glanced around the room, then thinking I was asleep, softly crept into the room. She softly moved toward the closet but I noticed that she took a good long look at the tent in my bed sheet.



She was a good looking woman, blonde with her hair tied back in a pony tail, blue eyes and a sprinkle of freckles over the bridge of her nose. Her full lips were pursed as she tried to get to the closet without waking me. She was wearing a t-shirt that barely covered her ass and her long slender legs were bare. She moved quickly past the foot of the bed to the closet and opened the closet door. As she bent over to pick something off the closet floor, her t-shirt pulled up over her back, exposing a lovely bare ass. No panties or shorts, just lovely bare skin. When the shirt pulled up, it also bagged down in front, giving me a clear view of two succulent breasts swaying freely away from her body.



"Lovely view", I said, quietly.



"OHH, you startled me", she said, quickly straightening up and pulling the t-shirt down over her ass, "I thought you were asleep." A rapid flush crawled up her neck and onto her cheeks.



"Just dozing", I answered, smiling and pulling my knee up to make the tent in the sheet and at least making my hardon less noticeable "Didn't sleep very good last night."



"What's wrong", she asked, "something I can get you?"



"Naw", I replied, patting the bed beside me, "come set and talk to me for a few minutes."



She sat on the edge of the bed, her back toward me, and demurely pulled the t-shirt down over her legs as much as she could, "Are you sure there's nothing I can get you?"



"I'll be fine", I assured her, "It's just that after all the visiting last night we got to bed quite late, then this morning there were strange noises that woke me up."



"Oh, you heard us?", she gasped, her hand going up to cover her mouth and twisting around, drawing one leg onto the bed. Her cheeks got redder as she realized I had heard her and Ron fucking earlier that morning. The steady squeaking of the bed springs had awakened me, then her moaning and Ron's grunting kept me awake until I heard him gasp out, "Oh baby, I'm coming", then a low moan and her begging him to finish her, but he had to go to work so got out of bed and left.



I reached out and put my hand on her thigh, patting lightly. 



"Yeah", I smiled, "After all, you were just through this wall and they're not sound proofed at all."



"I'm so embarrassed", she stammered, reaching out and laying her hand on my chest, covering my nipple, "I don't know what to say." Her fingers were moving lightly over my nipple making it harden up.



"No need to say anything", I said, letting my hand on her thigh slowly stroke the soft flesh of her inner leg, "But I think I may have to give my older brother a few sex lessons."



"Sex lessons," she sputtered, "Why?"



"Well, Hon, anyone that would leave you high and dry like he did this morning need lessons or something", I replied, letting my hand stroke higher up her thigh.



Her breasts were raising and falling with her rapid breathing, her nipples making soft bumps straining against the thin cotton material of the t-shirt. I had slipped my other hand under the sheet and was softly stroking my cock.



"I suppose you think you could do better", she said, watching my hand move under the sheet.



"Of course", I grinned back at her, letting my hand slip up her leg until the moist warmth of her pussy pressed against it, "We all think we could do better than the other guy."



"Shit", she laughed, "all you guys think your so great in bed." Suddenly she jumped up and with one swift move straddled my body, pinning my arms to the bed with her legs. Her soft smooth thighs clamped my ribs with there delicious warmth and I could feel the hot wetness of her pussy pressed tightly against my belly. My cock felt like it was going to burst as it throbbed wildly underneath the sheet. I squirmed, half-heartedly trying to free my arms as she smiled down at me.



"Okay, your my captive now........you've been a bad boy. What should your punishment be?", she said, all in one breath, giggling as she held my shoulders pinned to the bed.



"I can think of a lot of things", I gasped, struggling slightly just to get her to move a little. Every time she moved the hot wetness of her pussy slid around my stomach, making my cock jump and twitch as it longed to be the one sat upon.



"Name one", she demanded.



"Well, I could be your love slave for the day", I said, grinning at her with an impish leer.



"Hell, as if I wanted that", she giggled, "You'd probably leave me high and dry, just like Ron did."



"Like hell I would", I grunted, trying harder now to get my arms free, "If I could just get my arms free......"



"You'd what?", she asked.



"I'd first help you out of that t-shirt, then I'd lay you down on this bed and fuck your brains out."



"Oh, you would, would you?", she panted, trying to hold my arms to the bed, then started giggling, "and just how long do you think that would take?"



"Probably at least all day", I responded, "and maybe even longer."



"Hmmmm,... all day,... now that sounds like a good plan", she softly murmured, suddenly subdued, "I think that would maybe be an appropriate punishment......having to fuck me all day."



"I think I could live with that.", I replied, smiling softly up at her.



She slowly removed her knees from my arms, keeping her hands firmly pressed against my shoulders. I reached up and took her gentley by the shoulders and pulled her firmly down to my chest. Her lips were just inches from mine so I kissed her. Softly at first, barely letting our lips touch, then harder, making her mouth open, exploring the inside of her mouth with my tongue. Her tongue responded, flicking at mine, darting to and fro, then dancing with mine as we learned what each other liked.



She broke of the kiss first, raising up with an arm on each side of my head, looked deep into my eyes. My hands had traveled down her body and were now cupping a cheek of her lovely ass in each hand. I slowly drew my hands along her body to the bottom of the t-shirt and started pulling it up towards her head. She said nothing, just kept looking me right in the eye. I pulled the t-shirt over her head and down along her arms, leaving it covering my face.



"Hey, this isn't fair", I grumbled jokingly, "I can't see a thing."



"Not much to look at", she answered, "Just a couple of boobs and my belly, but my t- shirt is off."



I took hold of her wrists and pulled them back down to her sides. Her tits squashed tightly against my chest and her lips crushed against mine again. All in all a pretty good move. After a long and passionate kiss, we broke away, gasping for breath.



"Now I suppose you want me to fuck your brains out?", I asked, half jokingly.



"Do you want to?" she breathed huskily, looking for reassurance.



"If you'd look at the tent pole right behind you, you wouldn't have to ask a stupid question like that.", I laughed. She sat up straight on my stomach, twisted around and threw the sheet to the floor. For the first time I could see all her beauty clearly. Her breasts were beautiful, large and full with large brown areolae with pencil eraser sized nipples standing proudly erect in the center of each one. A nice flat tummy, just gentley rounded where it was supposed to be and ......NO pussy hair. She was shaved clean and smooth as a babies butt. The stretching position she was in slightly parted her lower lips so I could see the soft pink flesh of her inner lips, glistening from the juices that were lubricating them.



"Ooohhhhh", she sighed, then grinning said, "Think we've got a hard problem well in hand here."



"Ya keep stroking like that and you'll have the solution in hand", I joked back at her.



"Well, it's a big problem but someone has to handle it", she said, then broke up laughing and leaned up and gave me a quick kiss.



My hands reached up to cup her breasts and my thumbs and forefingers rolled her hard nipples until she was moaning softly. Her head was thrown back, eyes closed, fully lost in the wave of emotion that washed over her. Her breath was coming in short, jagged, raspy little gasps as she pressed her tits harder into my hands.



"Oh, yes John, pinch them harder....ohhhhhh ahhhhhhhhh oh that feels so good, squeeze my tits harder, baby, harder.......", then leaning forward so her breasts were swaying right over my mouth she panted, "Suck them for me honey, chew on my nipples....hard."



She was reaching down between her legs, grasping my cock and scooting down over it. I felt the hot, wet lips of her cunt engulf the head of cock as she slowly lowered her body onto it. I reached back and grabbed a cheek of her ass in either hand and pulled down firmly, feeling my cock slip into the fiery sheath between her legs.



"Ohhhhh..............ohhhh, baby", she moaned, "that feels sooo gooood."



She began pumping her pussy on my cock, slowly withdrawing, then down again, each time engulfing a little more of my throbbing member until finally she was setting flat on my stomach, cock buried completely in her, fluids wetting my stomach and her thighs. The musky smell of sex filled the air.....her arousal like a light shining in the dark, glowing.....glowing brighter as she kept riding my stiff cock......her breath was coming in ragged gasps now, as she climbed the mountain, striving to reach the peak.



Suddenly her back arched, her whole body tensed, the only muscle not rigid and immobile was the soft fluttering of her vagina as it clenched and released my throbbing cock, milking the sperm from my balls, daring me to blast my load deep within her burning pussy.



"O God, baby, I'm cuummminggg", I groaned as my cock started to spurt its hot creamy liquid into her already drenched cunt, "It feels soooo goooood."



"Don't you quit on me now, you bastard", she spit out between clenched teeth, "you promised to make me cum. You just keep pumping."



Her ass was still pounding her pussy onto my cock, and amazingly enough my cock retained it's rigidity. I reached behind her, running my finger up and down the crack of her ass, spreading the slick, sticky lubricant to her puckered little asshole, then just as she started to tense up I slid my finger into her tight little rectum. She stiffened like I had slipped a lightning bolt up her as and collapsed on my chest, her whole body convulsing. Choking little gasps came deep from within her throat.



"Augh,.....awer.... ahhh ...ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh................mmmmmmmmm.........oh honey, that was sooo goooood. I haven't come like that forever.", she groaned into my ear.



"Wasn't bad, sweetie, wasn't bad", I replied, smiling down at her, "but it's gonna get better."



"Mmmmmmmm", she murmured, snuggling up to me and laying her head on my chest.



We lay like that for a while, dozing and resting, when suddenly she sat up on the edge of the bed and smilingly said, "Gonna take a shower....don't you run away while I'm gone, okay."



"Not to worry, sweet thing, don't think I could run, you've worn me out", I said, about half truthfully.



She got up and walked to the door, swinging her hips in a deliberately provocative way. I could see our love juices still wetly clinging to the inside of her thighs and the cheeks of her lovely ass. When she got to the door, she turned and smiled at me, and caught me grinning ear to ear.



"So, what's so funny", she asked.



"Nothing really, hon, I was just remembering an old sea chanty I learned when I was just a kid", I answered, almost laughing out loud.



"Well, let's hear it", she demanded.



"Don't know if I can remember it all", I said, "but the chorus goes something like this, Hail to Columbo, balls to the sea, you navigating, masturbating, mathematical son of a bitch, Columbo. The verse I was thinking of..... I can't remember how it starts but the last part is...the white of an egg ran down her leg, the son of a bitch had screwed her."



She giggled and swung around the door jamb and disappeared down the hall. A few moments later I heard the shower start. I lay back on the bed and dozed.



After a few minutes, she walked into the bedroom wrapped in a short white terry cloth robe that hit her mid-thigh. Her hair was still damp and framed her freshly scrubbed face beautifully. Her long slender legs no longer carried evidence of our lovemaking. And she smelled wonderful with that clean, soapy smell you get after a shower, with just the hint of musky woman smell wafting from between her thighs.



"I'm starved", she said, "why don't you take a shower while I scramble us some eggs?"



"Sounds good", I responded, quickly getting up and heading for the bathroom.



"And don't forget to wash off all that egg white", she called after me, laughing as she headed for the kitchen.



When I entered the kitchen a little while later, she was just finishing preparing the eggs. I sat down at the table and watched her as she gracefully moved from stove to counter, dishing up the eggs, buttering the toast and pouring coffee. As she placed it on the table before me I reached out and took her hand.



"I should be doing this for you", I said, softly, "after all, I am your slave."



"Just my love slave, buster", she laughed, "I'll do the cooking."



"Okay, okay, I get the message", I said, setting down at the table.



We engaged in small talk as we were eating, enjoying each others company and learning a little more about each other. When we were finished eating, we sat back, relaxing, and finished our coffee. I got up and picked up the dishes and carried them to the sink. When I had finished showering, I had just wrapped a large towel around my waist and now as I walked back toward her I loosened it and it fell to the floor. Her eyes traveled down my body and fastened on my semi-erect cock. I walked right up to her, stood in front of her for a moment, then sank to my knees in front of her chair. Her robe had fallen open slightly, leaving one creamy white thigh and long slender leg bared to my vision.



"And just what is your next command, my sexy love master", I whispered softly.



"Ohhh, you don't have to do that now", she grinned at me, "You sure didn't leave me high and dry."



"But I thought I was supposed to make love to you all day", I complained, letting my hand travel to the belt that held her robe together. I looked her in the eye and slowly started to pull on the belt. It came undone and her robe fell open, exposing her exquisite breasts and the long, pink gash of her open, hairless pussy. My cock gave a twitch or two, swelling a little at the sight.



"Just what do ya think your gonna do?", she demanded, mischievously.



"I must pay homage to my beautiful love master", I intoned solemnly, "I must shower her with hot, wet kisses."



"Ewwwww", she sighed, "that sounds goooood. Where ya gonna start?"



"Well, I could start here", I said, leaning over and lightly kissing her lips, "or I could start here." I reached down and raised her foot to my lips, kissing and licking her instep. Raising her foot spread her legs wider, opening the lips of her pussy even more. "But I think I'll start right here." I pulled her head toward me and gentley kissed her eyes, then her nose and down to her mouth. Her lips were soft and full, open slightly, and I let my tongue slip inside her mouth. Hers responded instantly, probing deep within my mouth then softly flicking over my lips. After a moment of this I broke away, trailing hot wet kisses and nibbles along her neck to her ear, which I gentley nibbled. Then back down her neck to the hollow at the base of her throat. I nuzzled there for a moment or two then continued the journey to the swelling mountains before me, leaving a trail of hot, wet kisses in my wake. She shivered as my mouth found her nipple and let out a soft moan as my tongue flicked over the already hard and erect nubbin that capped it, squirming around on the chair as she wrapped one leg around my hips, drawing her body closer to mine. My cock jerked as it rubbed against the soft flesh of her inner thigh, spreading a warm trail of pre-cum toward her juicy love tunnel.



I sucked her nipple vigorously, lashing her nubbin with my tongue until she was moaning for me to do the other one, which I gladly did. Then I trailed a wet path with my tongue to her navel, exploring its hidden recesses, making her push her ass towards the front of the chair. I softly trailed hot wet kisses down over her belly to the soft mound above her bare slit. She moaned as my mouth traveled lower, and I ran my tongue along the puffy red lips of her feminine treasure. She gasped as my tongue separated the lips, searching for that most sensitive spot. Her hips bucked against my face as I found that little man and softly sucked it into my mouth. Ragged moans escaped her as I continued to pay homage to her the best way I knew how. I left the center of her being and moved on to the soft milky flesh of her inner thigh, nibbling and lightly biting as I went. I slowly made my way down one beautiful leg, then took the other and started the journey back to her hips, which were undulating in a rhythm as old as time.



As I reached the top of her thigh, I grasped a cheek of her ass in each hand and pulled her onto my probing tongue. A low moan escaped her as my tongue found her most sensitive spot and her hips bucked up to force me deeper inside her slick tunnel.



"Oh baby," she moaned, pulling my head tight against her, "Oh yes, eat me soooo goood."



I kept up the ministrations I was giving and soon her back arched, her body quivered with the with the beginning of a gigantic orgasm. Her heels locked behind my head pressing me ever deeper into the hot wet recesses of her pussy. I broke away and came up gasping for air.



"My God girl, you trying to smother me?", I gasped, wiping the sticky wet juices off my face.



"Uh Uh," she groaned, "I haven't cum like that in......., well, ever."



I looked up into her eyes. They were glazed and watery, just now coming back into focus.



"I strive to please my love master," I said, leaning forward to kiss her.



Our lips met and our tongues entwined, me tasting the sweetness of her mouth and her tasting the juices of her own body. Her arms circled my neck and pressed me closer against her. My throbbing cock was sliding wetly up and down the open lips of her treasure as my hips moved in an almost involuntary rhythm. She gasped as the head of my cock found the opening of her love tunnel and gentley slide into her. I kept the slow rhythm of my hips and she moaned as I slowly filled her with my quivering flesh. She raised her legs and placed a foot on either side of my neck, opening her even more to my thrusts. Soon I was taking long slow strokes, withdrawing all most to the head, then pushing in clear to my balls. In this position I could feel the head of my cock bump the mouth of her womb each time I fully entered her. Each time I thrust deeply into her, a small moan escaped her lips until it was almost a continuous sigh. 



The edge had been taken of our immediate desire and so we slowly worked our way back to the mountain top, searching for the bright burst of light that would ease us into that soothing state of half-consciousness reached after a mind-boggling orgasm. I carefully lifted her off the chair and laid her on a rug on the floor. Her legs circled my back, heels locked tightly, giving added leverage to the churning of her ass to meet me at the end of each thrust. The juices from her pussy collected briefly at the entrance of her vagina, then were quickly swept away by the tangled mat of my pubic hair. Soon our bellies and inner thighs were covered with the slick secretions created by our bodies, lubricating our skin as we twisted and ground together. We rolled on the floor, changing positions as our whims dictated, trying everything we could think of to give each other greater pleasure.



Finally she threw her head back, pulled me deeply within her, and tightly closed her eyes as the waves of a gigantic climax washed over her. Her mouth was open, gasping for air, her tongue flicking over dry lips, moaning one long continuous groan as her body convulsed beneath me. Her body tensed, then with a long shuddering sigh, went limp beneath me, with only the muscles of her pussy softly milking the spurting flesh within her. We lay like that for what seemed like hours, but actually probably only about ten or fifteen minutes. She eventually pushed me off her, and with a quick kiss on my lips and a soft squeeze of my limp gooey cock, she announced, "Shower time again, if you keep getting me all sticky my water bill will be enormous." Then with a flip of her butt she went to take her shower.



I lay there thinking.........how was I ever going to keep this from my brother? Could I look him in the eye when he got home and not spill the beans? Would he know something was wrong when he looked at us? Could we act normal around him now that we had spent the day making mad passionate love? I didn't know. When Jane came back into the room I broached the subject.



"Jane," I started nervously, "how are we going to look Ron in the face when he gets home?"



"Hmmmmmm," she answered, "conscience getting to you?"



"No, not really," I answered, "but it will be kind of hard to look him in the face."



"Okay," she replied, " you let me take care of Ron. You go shower and get dressed and leave for awhile. There's a convenience store a couple of blocks away, you can go get a drink or something, then wait around the corner till Ron gets home. Better give me forty-five minutes or so before you come in. Come in the kitchen door when you come back. I'll straighten things up here."



I took a shower and got dressed in a pair of shorts and a t-shirt, slipped on a pair of sandals and went to look for the convenience store. I found it and pulled into the parking lot, noticing that it wasn't to busy. When I entered the store I asked the clerk where the soft drinks were and she pointed to a wall full of coolers at the back of the store. I glanced again at the clerk. She was in her late forty's but she had taken good care of herself. Her figure was good with large firm breasts tapering to a nice waist then flaring again to ample hips. She wore a pair of shorts that showed off long tanned legs and a nice butt. My outlook on older women had drastically changed. I got a soft drink from the cooler and went to the checkout stand to pay for it.



"Guess this will be all for right now," I said, handing her the money to pay for the drink. I watched as she made change, admiring the way her body moved. 



"Thank you," she said, smiling as she passed me my change, "come in again."



"I will," I assured her, then asked, "Is there a gym or health club near by?"



"Why, yes there is," she smiled, "there's one just a few blocks from here. I go there all the time myself."



"I can tell you do," I said, smiling back at her, "it shows. Your in great shape."



"You really think so," she asked, sucking in her tummy and thrusting her breasts out toward me, "I think I have a few pounds that need to come off."



"Don't we all," I laughed, patting my own stomach, "that's the reason I'm looking for a gym. I just moved into town, looking for a job. This laying around has added a few unwanted inches to my waist."



"Well, O'Rielley's Gym is just down the street about three blocks. It's good and also reasonably priced. Lots of nice people go there."



"Good, I'll check it out. And Thanks." I picked up my drink and went to my car. 



I found a vantage point that I could see Ron's driveway and still not be seen and set and waited. I didn't have to wait long. In a few minutes Ron pulled into the driveway, got out of the car and went into the house. 



"She said to give her forty-five minutes," I muttered to myself, "wonder what she's going to do?"



I impatiently waited for the allotted time, then starting my car, I drove around the block and pulled into their driveway. I sat undecided for a moment or two, then with a shrug of my shoulders, opened the kitchen door and stepped inside. I closed the door and turned to look toward the sounds I heard coming from across the room. What I saw struck me speechless.



Jane was laying across the table, on her side. The elasticized halter she had been wearing was around her waist and the white shorts were hanging around the ankle that was dangling off the table. Her other leg was up over Ron's shoulder and his thick, hard cock was pounding into her slippery, red cunt. I watched for a second, spellbound. The lips of her cunt clung to his glistening shaft, rolling inward as he pushed in and clinging lovingly to his throbbing cock as he withdrew. Her tits were bouncing at every thrust and her ass was twisting, trying to capture every inch of him she could. She had that half-fucked or being fucked look in her glazed eyes and her breath was coming in ragged little gasps around the low moaning coming from between her lips.







"Whoops!", I gasped, "Ahhhh.....excuse me, I'll see ya later." I started to turn towards the door.



"Wait a sec", Ron grunted, slowing his thrusts, "stay. Would you like to join us?"



"Huh?", was all I was able to say.



"Jane has had a fantasy about having a threesome with another guy, but I've been dragging my feet cause I didn't know anyone I would share her with, but this morning I guess she went into your room while you were asleep to get some shoes out of the closet and saw your hardon tenting the sheets. She was really turned on when I got home and made me promise to ask you if you'd like to join us", Ron finished with a rush. "What do ya say?"



"You really want me to?", I asked, already pulling my t-shirt over my head and kicking off my sandals.



"Sure", he said, grinning at me, "we can have some real fun."



I dropped my shorts and taking my quivering cock in hand moved toward her head. I smiled down at her as I placed the head of my cock in front of her mouth.



She reached out and grasped it, smiling up at me, and said, "I'm such a lucky girl!" Then her mouth enveloped me with its velvet warmth.














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....