Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




by:  Big Daddy


Sister, Sister

	Jason walked into his sister's room shortly after his parents had pulled
out of the driveway.  Even though Suzan was sleeping Jason could not wait
to be with his 14 year old sister any longer.  Kneeling down beside the bed
he gently ran his hand along his sister's bare leg.
	Suzan awoke as her 22 year old brother rubbed her lower calf.
	"Jason?" she said sleepily.
	"Hey Suzan," Jason said with a smile.  "Are you up?"
	"I am now," Suzan blinked her eyes.  "Are mom and dad gone?"
	"Yep," Jason said sliding his hand further up his sister's leg, past her
knee.
	"What do you want?" Suzan said not moving as her brother's hands pushed
the sheets up her leg slowly.
	"Remember last night when you said you wished you had a boyfriend like
me?" Jason said as he rested his hand on his sister's upper thigh and dared
not go further.
	"Ya?" Suzan said.
	"Well I'd like to be your boyfriend now," Jason said.  "You know, while
mom and dad are gone."
	"You?" Suzan said. "But your my brother."
	"That's why we have to do it while mom and dad are gone," Jason said
looking at her in all seriousness.  "Will you be my girlfriend this
weekend?"
	Suzan turned bright red and covered her face in her hands.
	"I'm so embarrassed," she said.  "But yes!"
	"Good," Jason said.  "Then can I have a kiss?"
	"Oh my god," Suzan blushed again.  "I guess so."
	Jason slowly moved up the bed until he was closer to his sister.
	"You have to take your hands off your face before we can kiss," Jason
said.
	Suzan slowly removed her hands but remained red in the face as her brother
leaned over and kissed her lightly on the lips.
	"There, that wasn't so bad was it?" Jason said as his cock hardened
instantly after kissing her.
	"No," Suzan said as her normal color slowly returned.
	"Can I have another one?" Jason asked.
	"Sure,"
	Jason closed his eyes and kissed his younger sister again, this time for
much longer until he could coax her to open her lips and let him slip his
tongue into her mouth.
	"That's much better," Jason said as he stared at her.  "Give me some more
tongue."
	The next time Jason kissed his sister he found her mouth wide open and her
tongue eagerly flicking across his.  Jason groaned deeply as he kissed her
and his hands slowly reached over and slid down to her young firm breasts.
	Suzan began to breath heavier as her older brother began playing with her
breasts but she continued to wrap herself in his kiss.
	Slowly Jason pulled the sheets down off of his sister's chest until he
uncovered her bra covered breasts.
	"Jason what are you doing?" Suzan panted as she broke away from his kiss
for a second.
	"Don't worry," Jason said softly.  "I wont hurt you."
	Jason quickly kissed his sister again as his hands found the back of her
bra and unsnapped it.
	Suzan kissed her brother deeper with nervous excitement as he pulled her
bra up over her bare breasts and began squeezing them in his big hands.
	"Just relax sis," Jason said as he broke from her kiss and slowly moved
his head to her chest.
	Squeezing one firm breast into a full mound, Jason covered her dark brown
nipple with his mouth and began sucking gently on her nipple until it
hardened between his teeth.
	"We really shouldn't do this," Suzan panted as she rubbed her fingers
through her brother's thick hair and watched him nibble on her young
breasts.
	"Yes we should," Jason said as he switched to sucking on her other nipple
now as he pinched and pulled on the hard little nub he had created.
	"Oh Jason that feels so good," Suzan moaned as her brother worked his
mouth back and forth between each breast, keeping both her nipples hard and
stout.
	As Jason sucked his sisters nipples his hand slipped down between the
sheets and began rubbing her young pussy through her panties.
	"Jason we're going to get caught," Suzan panted as she spread her knees a
little to allow her brother a better feel.
	Pulling his sister's panties to one side Jason rubbed his fingers up and
down her wet pussy until she opened enough to slip a finger inside her.
	"No we're not," Jason said as he worked his finger up into his young
sister's pussy.
	"Oh this feels so good Jason," Suzan said as her brother's finger moved
slowly in and out of her.
	"I want to fuck you Suzan," Jason said hungrily.  "Will you let me fuck
you?"
	"Oh Jason," Suzan moaned.  "We're going to get caught."
	"No we wont," Jason said as he stopped doing what he was doing and stood
up.  "Mom and dad wont be back for days."
	Suzan watched her brother unbuckling his pants felt herself getting wetter
as he pulled them down.  She could see the outline of his big 7 inch cock
though his underwear and she breathed heavier with fear.
	As Jason pulled off his underwear too his big cock sprang to life and
Suzan wiggled nervously on the bed.
	"Come on sis," Jason said as he peeled off his shirt.  "Let's get those
clothes off."
	"I'm afraid," Suzan said even as she pulled down her panties now and
kicked them off the bed.
	"Don't be," Jason said as he helped his sister get her bra off now.
	"Here," Jason said as he took his sister's hand and put it on his hard
cock.  "See it aint going to hurt you."
	"This is so wrong," Suzan said as she wrapped her hand around her
brother's cock and began to slowly pull it up and down in her hot little
hand.
	"Isn't it great?" Jason laughed as he stood there and reached between his
sister's legs to finger her pussy once more while she jerked him off.
	"Do you want me to suck it?" Suzan asked sheepishly.
	"Oh ya," Jason moaned at the thought as he took her hand and helped her
sit up on the edge of the bed.
	Suzan positioned herself in front of her brother so that his big cock
stood directly in her face.
	"Go ahead sis," Jason said as he held his cock straight and guided it to
his sisters hot mouth.	
	Suzan opened her mouth wide and let her brother slide it between her lips.
 Her body tingled all over as her brother's thick cockhead touched her
tongue.










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....