Archive-name: Family/sister-k.txt
Archive-author:
Archive-title: Sister Karen


     I  had just turned 14 and like all 14 year old  boys,  there
was only one thing on my mind...sex!  It seemed like everywhere I
looked there was something to remind me of what I wasn't getting.
TV commercials were full of half naked girls,  magazines, school,
and worst of all the mall.   It was bad enough at school with all
the   girls  running  around  with  their  bouncing  titties  and
miniskirts,  but at the mall it seems like those same girls  were
just  trying  to see who could wear the sexiest clothes,  or  who
could turn on the most guys without being touched.
     It  had gotten so bad that I was jacking off at least  twice
every day.  Last weekend at the mall, I actually had to go to the
restroom  and jack off,  just so I could walk around  without  my
dick  trying to bust out of my pants.   It got so bad,  I finally
had to do something desperate.  I talked to my sister about it!
     My  sister Karen is 15 and a real fox!   She has long  brown
hair,  brown eyes,  and 34" titties (I know because i checked her
bra drawer).   The best thing about her though is her legs.   She
is  almost as tall as I am,  and when she wears a  miniskirt,  it
looks  like her legs go on forever.   She treats me like all  big
sisters treat their little brothers (like a piece of shit), but I
was desperate, so I went to her with my problem.
     We  were  home alone one weeknight  watching  TV.   She  was
sitting on the couch and I was on the floor.   I looked up at her
and  saw that,  as usual,  her skirt was pulled up almost to  her
crotch,  and  her  knees were slightly apart.   From where I  was
laying,  I could look right up her skirt to the shadowy  darkness
of her panties.   My didk was getting hard again,  and I had just
jacked off an hour ago!
     Finally  I  just  blurted out with it.   "Do  you  ever  get
horney?", I asked.
    She looked  at  me  with that look she  reserved  for  little
brothers who ask stupid questions, and made some flip remark like
"Only stupid boy's do that!".
     Then  something really strange happened.   She saw the  hurt
look on my face,  realized that I was being serious, and actually
tried to be nice!
     "Yeah, I guess I do", she said, "but I guess it's not as bad
for girls as it is for boys.   At least that's what my boyfriends
try to tell me."
     I  assured  her  that I really didn't know how  it  was  for
girls, but I could vouch for the fact that it drives boys nuts!
     "Yeah,  thats  what  all  the guys tell  me  when  they  are
wrestling with me in the back seat, trying feel me up."
     "Have you ever...uh...done it with a guy?", I stuttered.
     "No!", she snapped, then cooled off a bit and went on.  "But
I have thought about it.   I let a couple of guys put their hands
in  my  bra and feel my tits,  and one or two have  gotten  their
hands  up  under  my  skirt,  but they only felt  me  outside  my
panties.   They are always trying to get me to jack them off,  or
let them stick their dicks in my mouth or my pussy,  but I  won't
let them."
     "Doesn't all that feeling around make you horney?", I asked.
     "Sometimes",  she  answered.   "I  almost did  do  something
once.",  she continued.   "This one guy was feeling me through my
panties,  and  it felt really good.   Suddenly I felt him take my
hand  and wrap it around something hard.   He had taken his  dick
out of his pants and had wrapped my hand around it.  He wanted me
to jerk on it and make him cum, but I wouldn't do it.  He got all
pissed  off and brought me home.   I guess I was kind  of  horney
that night.   When I got in bed, I played with myself until I got
off."
     She then looked at me and asked, "Don't you masturbate?"
     I  felt  my face get bright red as I answered,  "Sure I  do.
Usually at least twice a day."
     Then I broke down and told her that I had never even seen  a
bare  titty,  much less felt one,  and that the only time I  ever
tried to get my hand up a girls dress,  she had slapped me silly.
For the first time in my life,  Karen looked at me with real pity
in her eyes.
     "Well",  she said,  "Girls do get horney, but they are young
and  scared.   I'm  sure you'll do better when they get a  little
older."
     "Sure",  I replied, "If I don't wear out my dick before they
get ready."
     She smiled with a funny look in her eyes,  then went back to
watching TV.  We didn't talk anymore that night.
     Another  week went by,  and nothing happened.   I was  still
beating  my meat every morning and night.   I even jerked off  in
the  restroom  at  school one day.   I had been  in  math  class,
sitting across from Cheryl.   Cheryl is a cheerleader and is  one
of the most popular girls in school.   She has long blond hair, a
beautiful smile,  and a body that just won't quit!  Anyway, I was
sitting  there  working on my assignment when I happened to  look
up.   Cheryl  was slouched down in her seat with her legs  spread
wide open.   I scanned up those lucious legs of hers, right up to
a  pair of thin white panties!   I'll swear I could see  them  so
well that I actually saw some blond hairs sticking out around the
edge!   I  stared  for several minutes before I  looked  up,  and
realized  that she was looking right at me.   I felt my face  get
red  and  I felt like I wanted to crawl under my seat  and  hide.
But she just smiled at me!  She didn't pull down her skirt or put
her legs together or anything!  She just smiled.
     After class I went over to her and asked her if she would go
out with me.   She looked down,  right at my crotch where my dick
was straining to get out,  and said no way!  When she walked away
she  looked back to make sure no one else was in the  room,  then
pulled  up  the ack of her skirt to show me how her panties  were
stuck between her butt cheeks.   There it was!   Cheryl's  almost
uncovered  butt!   She  was showing it to me and wouldn't go  out
with me.   I had no choice but to hobble to the restroom and beat
off.   I was five minutes late to my next class,  but I had to do
it.
     Two nights later,  Karen and I were home alone  again.   She
asked me how my problem was going.   I told her about the episode
with Cheryl, and she actually felt sorry for me!
     She  got  that funny look on her face again and then  asked,
"You really like legs...and sexy undies, don't you?"
     I nodded.
     "When was the last time you masturbated?"
     I blushed and told her I had jacked off this morning when  I
got up.
     "Wait here", she said, and ran upstairs to her room.
     When  she  came  back down,  she was wearing  a  long  heavy
bathrobe.
     "Will  you  promise  me  that you will keep  this  a  secret
between just us?", she asked.
     I  nodded  and then watched in amazement as she  opened  her
robe.   Under it she was wearing an outfit that looked like  what
the girls in Penthouse wore!  Her long legs were covered in sheer
black  stockings that stopped about two thirds of the way up  her
smooth  thighs.   They  were held up by a sexy black garter  belt
with  little lace bows on the straps.   She had on a tiny  little
pair of black panties that just barely covered the patch of  hair
on  her  mound.   They were so sheer that I could see  her  curls
right through them.  On top she wore a black bra that was just as
sheer  as the panties.   I could see her nipples poking out  like
two sharp points.
     My mouth dropped open and just hung there.
     "Remember,  you  promised not to tell anyone",  she  warned.
"Do you think this is sexy?"
     "Yes!", I replied, "But why?"
     "Well",  she  said,  "I  wanted to get an  expert's  opinion
before I let anyone else see it."
     She  shrugged the robe completely off and turned in front of
me.  I noticed that she was also wearing really high heels, which
made her even taller than she already was, and seemed to make her
legs shapelier.  When she was turned away from me, I saw that the
panties didn't have any back,  just a string that ran up  between
her butt cheeks, leaving her backside completely bare.
     My  hand dropped instinctively to my crotch and I rubbed  my
boner through my pants.
     "You  know",  she whispered,  "I really wouldn't mind if you
got your dick out and jacked off while you looked."
     I  was  too excited to even be embaressed as I  unzipped  my
jeans and pulled out my 7" erection.   Her eyes opened wide  when
she  saw  it,  but she just smiled and stood there with her  legs
slightly  apart  while I stroked my hand up and  down  my  shaft.
     When my strokes got faster and faster,  she said,  "Maybe we
should go in the bathroom so you don't make a mess in here."
     I  managed to slow my strokes enough to follow her into  the
tiny half bath we had downstairs.  She turned on the bright light
and  watched  as  I  stook in front of  the  sink  and  continued
whacking  away.   The bathroom was really cramped for two  people
and  I could feel her titty pressing against my arm and her  butt
was against my leg.  I wished I had taken my pants off so I could
feel the smooth skin of her butt against my bare leg.
     Her  attention was focussed on my dick and the hand  jerking
up and down on it.   She even bent down a little to get a  closer
look.  Now her soft white titties were almost falling out of that
skimpy  little bra.   Just then I felt the cum building up in  my
balls....and then AGGGGHHHH!...a Huge spurt of cum shot out of my
dick  and splattered against the white porcelin sink.   That  one
was  followed  by several more huge spurts.   I was trembling  so
hard I almost fell down.  Karen kind of steadied me with her body
as the spurts slowed to small dribbles and then stopped.
     She smiled at me and rubbed her hand up and down my back.
     "Feel better?", she grinned.
     I managed a weak nod and she giggled,  then reached down and
with  her finger,  wiped the last drop of cum off the end  of  my
dick.   I  was  shocked to see her then stick her finger  in  her
mouth!
     "Why did you do that?", I asked, still out of breath.
     She  smiled and said,  "Someday I will probably let some guy
put his dick in my mouth and I'll suck him off.  I just wanted to
see what it tastes like."
     "Well?", I asked.
     "Hmmmm, Not bad....not bad at all."
     She  looked down and saw that my shriveling dick  still  had
some  cum on the end.   She got a tissue and wiped it  off,  then
carefully stuffed it back in my pants.
     I  pulled  my  zipper closed and opened the  door.   As  she
walked out,  she brushed the full length of her nearly naked body
against me.
     When we got back to the living room,  she picked up her robe
and said, "Damn, now you've got me horney!"
     I grinned and said,  "Well,  turn about is fair  play....why
don't you masturbate too?"
     She thought for a moment,  then said,  "Will you promise not
to touch if I let you watch?"
     I promised,  and we headed up to her bedroom.   When we were
both inside, she shut and locked the door.  She reminded me again
of  my  promise not to tell anyone what we did today,  and of  my
promise not to touch.
     I assured her that I wanted to save this all to myself,  and
that since I had just gotten off,  I really didn't want to  touch
right now.   This seemed to satisfy her, and she laid back on the
bed.
     She  pulled her knees up and spread her legs.   Now I  could
see  the  shadowy  outline of her pussy lips  right  through  her
panties.   She  reached up and unfastened her bra,  giving me  my
first look at her totally naked titties.  They weren't huge, like
some  of  the pictures in Penthouse,  but they were firm so  they
stood  right up from her chest,  even when she was on  her  back.
And  they looked so soft...and cuddly.   I felt like I wanted  to
put  my  face down right between them.   Her nipples were  really
hard and pointy.  They looked like they were almost an inch long.
     I  watched  as  she  cupped her titties  in  her  hands  and
squeezed.  Then she took her nipples between her thumb and finger
and pinched.   She moaned,  and I wondered if that had hurt.  She
then  pulled  her  nipples  straight  up,  until  her  tits  were
stretched  away  from her body,  and then released  them  so  the
snapped back.  She repeated this several times, and each time her
moans got louder and her nipples got harder.
     She  was  rolling her hips from side to side on the bed  and
one hand began traveling down across her flat tummy.  She reached
the top of her tiny panties,  then just rubbed it back and  forth
right  where  the little line of hair started on  her  mound.   I
moved  down to between her legs then to get a better look at what
was happening.   Her pussy lips were much more visible now.  They
seemed to have swelled up and were spreading apart a  little.   I
could  see a wet spot forming on her panties between those  pouty
looking lips.
     Her  fingers  now slipped under the top of her  panties  and
were  slowly moving down through her little patch of  hair.   She
was  breathing  real heavy now and her face was getting  kind  of
red.   The  tip  of her finger had now reached to the top of  her
little slit.  I watched it dig gently down between the lips.  She
gasped  and  her hips jave a jerk as she touched what  must  have
been a really sensitive spot.
     Her fingers then moved a little lower and dipped once  again
between  those silky lips,  this time going much deeper,  all the
way  to her first knuckle.   She was really moaning and  groaning
now  as  her finger alternated between dipping deep  down  inside
herself and returning to that spot right up at the top where  she
would rub real gently before sticking it back up inside.
     I  asked if she would please take her panties off so I could
see better.   She replied that if I wanted them off, I would have
to take them off myself!   I remembered my promise not to  touch,
but  My dick was starting to swell again,  and I really wanted to
watch her without the panties in my way.
     I  carefull grabbed the top of her panties,  trying  not  to
touch  any more skin than I had to,  and began pulling them down.
Surprisingly,  she  raised  her hips up off the bed to  help  me.
Once  I had them down over her firm little butt,  I slid them  on
down  her long legs,  enjoying the feel of her smooth thighs  and
silky stockings.  I pulled them off her feet, and then moved back
up between her thighs to watch.
     I got a strong whiff of her excitement now, and felt my dick
grow harder.  Her middle finger was now all the way up inside her
pussy,  while her thumb continued to rub that little spot at  the
top.  Again I found my hand moving to my own crotch to massage my
stiff  rod  through  my pants.   She was gasping loudly  now  for
breath  and  her hips were jerking up off the bed  in  a  humping
motion.
     Suddenly  she let out with a scream and arched her back high
up  off  the  bed.   Her  body  shook  wildly  as  her  hand  dug
frantically at her naked cunt.   She then went totally rigid, not
moving a muscle, not even breathing, the slowly settled back down
on the bed with a satisfied sigh.
     She  laid  ther  with  her eyes tightly  closed  for  a  few
minutes.  Then finally looked up with a grin.
     "Wow!",  she breathed,  "That was some cum!  I seemed to get
twice as excited just knowing that you were watching."
     She got a real sneaky grin on her face then as she held  out
the fingers that had been in her pussy.   "Don't you want a taste
too?", she teased, "After all, someday you may end up eating some
pussy.  Here's your chance to find out if you like it."
     I  looked at her fingers and said,  "Awww,  can't I get some
for myself?"
     She hesitated for a moment the replied, "Well, I guess I did
touch your dick.  But you can only use your finger....and not too
deep."
     I  eagerly  reached  up for her  dripping  wet  pussy.   She
grabbed my hand and reminded me, "Just one finger!"
     I smiled and extended my index finger.   I slowly slipped it
along her slit,  amazed at how soft and slick it felt.  I pressed
gently and my finger slid right up inside her.
     She wriggled back away from me and said, "That's enough!"
     I brought my finger back to my face,  sniffed it, then stuck
it right in my mouth.  "Ummmm, you taste sweet."
     "Yuck!", she giggled, "Pussy juice!  You like Pussy juice!"
     "Well",  I replied,  "I seem to remember that you liked  the
taste of my cum too."
     "Okay...Okay, so we're both wierd."
     She  hopped  up  off the bed and headed  for  her  bathroom.
"I've got to get this stinky stuff off my hands."
     As I stood up she saw the hard bulge in my pants.
     "And you better come along too",  she sighed, "It looks like
we've got another problem to take care of."
     We  both managed to squeeze into her bathroom whick was even
tinier that the one downstairs.   Now I really wished that I  had
taken  some  of  my  clothes off since our  bodies  were  pressed
tightly together.   I managed to get my zipper down and worked my
hard dick out of my pants once again.   I scanned my eyes up  and
down  her body which was now totally naked except for the  garter
belt,  stockings,  and heels.  To me, she looked much sexier this
way than if she had been completely nude.
     My  hand  started  jerking on my cock as  I  remembered  how
exciting  she had looked when she was cumming.   Suddenly she put
her hand on my wrist, forcing me to stop.
     "Could I do that?", she begged, "Please?"
     "On one condition", I replied.
     "What's that?", she asked warily.
     "You can play with my dick...if you will explain to me about
how  you got yourself off.   I saw you stick you finger  in  your
pussy,  whick I understand,  thats like a guy's dick fucking you,
but  you also spent a lot of time playing with a spot up near the
top of your cunt.  I don't understand."
     She thought for a moment, the hopped up on the sink in front
of me, propping her feet on on the counter and spreading her legs
wide open.
     "This  is kind of embaressing",  she said as she pulled  her
pussy lips apart.
     I told her I thought it was very exciting.   That seemed  to
satisfy her, and she started her explaination.
     "Having something up inside my pussy feels good.  In fact it
feel REAL good.   But this little thing right here.", pointing to
a  little bump nestled right up at the point of her  lips,  "This
little  bump is my clitoris or clit.   It's just like the head of
your dick.  It's real sensitive."
     As she talked,  she rubbed all around that little bump and I
could actually see it get bigger.  Just like a dick getting hard.
     "It is so sensitive,  if you touch it too hard, or too much,
it hides."
     With  that she pressed right on the top of her clit,  and  I
watched  as it shriveled up and got smaller,  just like  my  dick
after I cum.
     "But if you give it just the right amount of attention", she
continued, "It is a thousand times better than something stuck up
inside."
     She jumped down from the sink and looked eagerly at my dick.
I  had  continued  rubbing it while I watched her play  with  her
clit, and I was almost ready to cum.
     I  removed my hand from my dick and felt it replaced by  her
cool  fingers,  still  slick from her pussy  juices.   I  had  to
concentrate  to keep from cumming at her first touch.   I  wanted
this to last.
     At first her actions were too jerky.  I put my hand on hers,
and showed her the rythm I preferred.   She learned quickly,  and
soon my hips were hunching back and forth in time to her strokes.
     She saw me looking longingly at her tits,  and finally said,
"Okay, you can touch them...but don't get too rough!"
     I  reached out and took one of her tits in each hand.   They
were  just as soft as I had imagined.   I squeezed  them  gently,
just  like  I saw her do,  then lightly pinched her  nipples.   I
heard her make the same little groan she made when she was  doing
this to herself.  The excitement of finally touching bare titties
just  shot me over the edge,  and I felt the hot cum spraying out
of my dick.
     "Oh...I did it!", she squeeled gleefully.
     Oh  yes,  she had dome it all right.   My toes were  curling
with  pleasure.   When I managed to open my eyes again,  she  was
grinning  from ear to ear.   I saw her aim hadn't been  too  good
though.   A  big  glob of cum was running down  her  mirror,  and
another was hanging from the faucet.
     She saw them too and giggled as she pumped me dry.   We both
cleaned up our mess, then returned to her room.  We promised each
other  again  that we would never tell anyone about what  we  had
done.   I  zipped up my pants and walked back to my room  feeling
satisfied for the first time in years.
     For  the  next  two weeks we never  mentioned  that  episode
again.  Then one night about midnight I heard Karen coming in the
house  from  a date.   I was already in bed watching TV.  when  I
heard a soft knock on my door.
     "Come in", I whispered, not wanting to wake up Mom and Dad.
     The  door opened and Karen was standing there smiling.   She
was  wearing her blue knit dress that clung to her like a  second
skin.   It was cut pretty low in the front,  and from the way her
nipples were poking out, I doubted if she had on a bra.
     "I had to tell you", she said breathlessly, "I jacked off my
first guy tonight...besides you that is."
     "Great!", I replied, "Tell me about it."
     "Well",  she started, We were parking up by the lake and had
been just kind of kissing and cuddeling for almost an hour.  This
guy I was with likes legs just like you do,  and I was  squirming
around  quite  a bit.   I'm sure that he had gotten a  couple  of
peeks at my panties, cause this dress kept pulling up as I moved.
He  had already grabbed my titties from the outside of my dress a
couple  of  times when all of a sudden he stuck  his  whole  hand
right down the top.   He grabbed ahold of my tit and just started
squeezing.   Gently though, just the way I like it.  I could feel
his  hard  dick pressing against my leg through his pants,  so  I
just  kind  of reached down and squeezed it.   He jumped  when  I
touched  him,  I guess he didn't expect that.   I then  felt  his
other  hand  on my knee,  squeezing between my  knees,  and  then
trying  to move up.   I slowly relaxed the pressure on my legs so
his  hand could move just a tiny bit higher.   He started to  get
real excited then.   He was humping his dick against my hand  and
breathing real fast.  I kept opening my legs just a little bit at
a  time,  and  his hand kept sliding higher until he touched  the
edge  of  my panties.   Then he went  really  wild.   He  started
telling   me  how  he  wanted  to  feel  my  pussy...and  eat  my
pussy...and fuck my pussy.   Well, I opened my legs just a little
bit more,  just so his finger could barely touch hte crotch of my
panties.   I was starting to get wet, and I knew he would be able
to feel it.   Then I really surprised him.   I unzipped his pants
and just reached right in and pulled out his hard-on.   His  eyes
bugged right out of his head.   He didn't know whether to shit or
go  blind!   I wrapped my fingers around his dick and stroked it,
just like you told me to do.   He was so excited,  he even forgot
to  keep  rubbing my pussy.   I didn't even get four  strokes  in
before  he was shooting his cum all over his  pants.   He  didn't
seem  to mind though,  he jerked around and hollered and  finally
just laid back against the seat.   When he came to again,  he had
this  really big grin on his face.   He didn't even try to  clean
the  cum off his pants.   He just stuffed his dick back in place,
zipped them up and drove me home.   Gosh,  I sure hope his mother
doesn't find those pants."
     She had been so excited telling me the story,  that I hadn't
been  able  to get a word in edgewise.   All the  while  she  was
talking,  she had been squirming around on the edge of my bed.  I
had already had several opportunities to peek up her dress to her
pale  blue  panties,  and my dick was now hard as  a  rock.   She
finally  saw my tentpole,  holding up my sheets,  and I saw  that
strange look in her eyes again.
     "You know?", she said, "I just realized that he got off, but
I  didn't.   Do  you remember a couple of weeks ago when we  were
fooling around?   And you said my pussy juices tasted sweet?   Do
you think....ah...that....that you might??? That you might...uh..
want to....uh...?
     I  ended her question by sitting up and pulling her back  on
the bed.   Her dress pulled up to the top of her pale blue bikini
panties,  and I could see the big wet stain between her legs.   I
grabbed  the  top  of her panties and stripped them  off  in  one
motion.  I pushed her legs apart and dove right down on her juicy
cunt.
     She  squeeled  and I hoped Mom and Dad didn't  wake  up.   I
remembered what she had shown me about her clit.  I licked my way
up and down the outside of her slit a couple of times,  and  then
used  my  hands  to  spread  her  wide  open.   I  saw  her  clit
immediately and noticed that it was already hard and extended.  I
licked  all around it and really enjoyed the way she was  moaning
in pleasure.
     I  flicked the tip of my tongue across the tip of her  clit,
hopeing  I  wasn't doing it too hard.   I heard her gasp and  she
grabbed the back of my head and pressed my mouth tightly  against
her gapeing cunt.   Her hard little clit slipped between my lips,
so  I  sucked  on  it gently.   She went  wild.   Her  hips  were
threshing  up and down so hard it was difficult to keep my  mouth
on her.   I sucked a little harder and felt the hard bud  between
my  lips.   I  started  rapidly flicking my tongue over it  as  I
slowly slid on of my fingers deep in her hot wet hole.   Her hips
arched  up  and  she gallently heald back  a  scream.   Her  body
trembled like an earthquake as she came again and again.  Finally
she settled back on the bed and closed her eyes.
     I gave her a couple more quick kisses on her cunt and pulled
my finger back out of her.   She didn't move for several minutes,
then  slowly opened her eyes.   She looked like she was going  to
cry.  I started to appologize for doing it wrong, but she shut me
up with her hand.
     "That  was  absolutely  the  most   fantastic,   incredible,
wonderful  experience of my entire life!   Now don't say a  word.
Just lie back and let me thank you."
     She  knelt  on the bed and carefully pulled the sheet  down,
uncovering my throbbing erection.   She looked at it for a moment
then  wrapped  her hand around the base and  slowly  lowered  her
mouth over the head.  I felt like the top of my head was going to
blow  right  off.   This was the most fantastic thing I had  ever
felt.  My own big sister was sucking my cock!
     The sensation was indescribable.  Her warm wet mouth sliding
up  and down my hard dick and her pointy little tongue flickering
along  it's length was driving me crazy.   I pressed my  hips  up
toward her sucking mouth and then I felt it.   It seemed to start
all the way down at my toes.  At first it was just a tingle, then
a  vibration.   It worked its way up my spine,  building to  what
felt  like  a bolt of lightning.  AAAAGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!!!  I  was
cumming!   I  was  pumping  my hot sperm right  down  my  sisters
throat!   It  seemed like the sensation went on for  hours,  even
though I knew it was only seconds.   I heard Karen gulping as she
tried to swallow all my cum.   She just kept sucking and  sucking
until  I  was  totally  drained.   I was in a  daze  for  several
minutes.   I  barely remember her sliding her sweet lips  off  my
deflated  dick,  then  leaning over me nad giving me a  deep  wet
kiss.   I faintly remember a slightly salty taste, realizing that
it was my own cum in her mouth.
     "Goodnight stud," she whispered. Then slipped quietly out of
my room.
     I can't wait for our next secret meeting.
--
