Sitter
by deirdre

Easy.  The baby was in bed by 8:30 and went right to sleep.  The kind
of job I could really get addicted to.  I just watched TV and read
some magazines, waiting for Mr. & Mrs. Jason to return.

I heard them get out of their car about 11:15.  I was a little
surprised: I had expected them to stay out later.  They came in
laughing... and there was another woman with them.  That was
certainly unusual.  They noticed me, seeming almost surprised, and
then Mrs. Jason introduced the woman as Anne as she payed me.  Then
she and Anne went to the back of the house toward the bedrooms and
I was left alone.  I was a little surprised since I needed a ride home.

Then Anne came out and told me she would drive me home.  She
seemed a little younger than Mrs. Jason, probably in her late
twenties, and was extremely attractive.  She was wearing pants and
a top.  The material looked thin, but the outfit was certainly elegant.
She was friendly enough, and took me out to the Jason's car to go
home.

She talked on the way and asked me about school and my activities.
She also asked me if I had a boyfriend, something I didn't relish
talking about (I don't have one) and about my friends.  She also told
me that if she had her teenage years to live over again, she would
worry a lot less and speak up a lot more.  That was certainly
something that I'd heard before.

We finally arrived at our house and Anne walked me to the front
door.  That seemed a little over-protective to me, but I didn't really
mind too much.  My mom met us at the door and Anne introduced
herself.  I went on upstairs and got ready for bed.  I could hear Anne
talking to Mom and wondered what they were talking about.  I could
still hear their talking as I got in bed.

"Who's that?"  It was Rachel, my sister, who had come in my room,
obviously wondering who Mom was talking to.  Rachel is a year older
than I am, but we get along pretty well.  She hadn't turned on the
lights and was keeping her voice low.

"A lady who brought me home from babysitting," I answered.

"Mrs. Jason?"

"No, some friend of hers."

"Listen!" said Rachel.  I listened.  "They're going outside," she
continued.  We went to the front window and peeked out through the
curtain.  Anne and Mom were getting in the Jasons' car!  They drove
off.  "Where are they going?" asked Rachel.

"I don't know.  I don't think Mom knows her."

"They must be going back to the Jasons'.  Let's go see."   She talked
me into it.

Rachel had just gotten her drivers license and liked to drive.  We
hurried, putting on coats over our nightgowns, and drove to the
Jasons' house and I saw the car.  We parked a couple of houses down
and walked over and into their back yard.  The windows were a little
high to peek in, but we looked in a few and finally saw them, in the
Jasons' bedroom!

I couldn't believe my eyes!  Neither Rachel nor I said a thing--we
just stared!  Mom was standing there, wearing nothing but a bra!  She
and Mrs. Jason were just standing there, both wearing just bras,
about 8 feet apart, looking at each other!  They didn't move, but just
faced straight ahead.  Mr. Jason was there, too, nude, lying on the
bed, on his back, spread eagle, his hands and ankles tied to the
corners of the bed!  He was blindfolded!  His cock was sticking
straight up!  No one moved.  I didn't see Anne anywhere.

We stared.  Anne came in the room.  No one moved.  She put a
blindfold on Mom, who alowed her to do it without moving a muscle.
Then she put a couple pillows under Mr. Jason's ass--Mr. Jason
seemed to be willing to arch his body to let her slide them under--
then she led Mom to the bed, got her to stand on it, straddle Mr.
Jason, and descend on Mr. Jason's cock!  As soon as it was in Mom,
her expression changed.  She started bouncing up and down, sliding
on Mr. Jason's cock.  She looked like she was beyond caring about
anything.  Anne went and got Mrs. Jason and led her to straddle Mr.
Jason's face.  She knelt down until she was right on his face.  Then
she got a look on her face, and I could easily imagine what I couldn't
quite see between her legs.

We stared at them, still not saying a thing.  Minutes went by, but I
couldn't take my eyes off them.  They just kept going and going.

"I can't believe it," I finally said.  Rachel didn't answer.  We just
stared.

"Do you think they've done this before?"  I asked.  Rachel still didn't
answer.  I looked at her.

It wasn't Rachel standing next to me--it was Anne!  My heart started
beating hard--I couldn't believe it.  I stared.  Where was Rachel?

I stared at her.  She glanced away from the window at me and then
looked back in the window.  "I think you understand," she said.  She
sounded like we were sharing a secret.

"Where's my sister?"  I asked.  Anne didn't say anything, but glanced
back behind us.  I looked back.  On the ground, Rachel was lying, nude!
She was blindfolded, and lying on her side, curled up.  She was
breathing hard!  Her coat and nightgown were in a little pile, next to
her.

I looked back at Anne, and stared.  She was still watching Mom and
the Jasons through the window.  She looked up at me.

"Come here," she said, and she took my hand, leading me past Rachel.
Rachel just lay there, breathing.  She took me into the back door and
down the stairs to the basement.  She opened a cabinet and got
something, and led me over to one of the walls.  There were rings
attached to the wall.  She handed me a whip!  I stared at it in my
hands.

Then she slipped off her pants and her panties, leaving her nude
below the waste!  She faced the wall and grabbed two rings that
were up, over her shoulders.  There I was, holding the whip and she
was hanging on the wall.  I looked at her rear, nude.

"Do it!"  she said.  I stared.  "I think you understand this," she said.  I
still just stared.  "Touch me with it, to get yourself started.  Do it!"
I finally broke out of my paralysis and touched it to her rear.

"Now, whip it!  *You* understand this."  She sounded like she and I
shared something.  I swung the whip, hitting her rear, but only very
lightly.  I can't believe I even did that!

"Harder!  You can do it!  As hard as you can!  *Please*!"  There was
desperation in her voice now.  I still stood there, wondering what to
do.

Finally she dropped her arms.  She picked up her pants and pulled
them on.  No underpants.  Then she took my hand and drew me back
upstairs.  I dropped the whip on the basement floor.  She drew me to
the bedroom.  Rachel was in there, naked, blindfolded, standing.  Her
wrists were bound together and tied to a hook in the ceiling, making
her stand.  Mom was in a similar position, across the room.  Mrs.
Jason unhooked Mom from the ceiling, though leaving her wrists
bound.  She led Mom, still blindfolded, across to Rachel.  They were
both still wearing only bras.  Mr. Jason was still tied to the bed, but
now was face down.  Pillows were under his rear, making it stick up.
Something was sticking out of his rear end.

Mrs. Jason made Mom kneel in front of Rachel.  "I think you
understand," whispered Anne in my ear.  Mrs. Jason pushed Mom's
head right into Rachel's cunt.  Mom started licking!  Mrs. Jason stood
behind Mom, straddling her calves, pushing her pelvis into the back
of Mom's head, her hands on the sides of Mom's head.  She leaned over
and brushed Rachel's lips with her own.  Rachel was breathing
deeply.  "You understand *all* this, I *know* you do," Anne said to
me quietly; "You're not like *them*."   She took my hand and held it
against her breast.  Her top was thin, it was almost like touching her
skin.  She didn't wear a bra.  It felt so good.  I felt her chest heaving.
Rachel was coming.  My fingers were moving, caressing.
