            .        SKINNY-DIPPING WITH MY MAIDEN AUNT       .
            .                                                 .
            .    A Story of Sexual Discovery by Day Dreamer   .
            ...................................................


         After my parents got divorced, I lived with Mom.  She had
         a good job and apparently was well paid because we never
         seemed to lack for any necessities.  She got a recent
         promotion, though, and now she has to travel quite a bit.
         Although she seems to really like her job, having to leave me
         alone bothers her a whole lot.  I'll have to hand it to Mom--
         she's very conscientious and seems to worry considerably
         about being a good parent.  More than anything else, she
         worries that I won't get proper care during those times she
         has to be out of town.  That I'm fifteen years old and
         consider myself a person well able to take care of himself
         doesn't make any impression on her at all.  No matter how
         much I plead and argue my maturity, she simply will not agree
         to leaving me alone by myself overnight.  When those
         occasions arise that she has to be gone, she arranges for me
         to stay with Aunt Sue and Grandpa.  I stayed there at night
         couple of times before school was out, but now that summer's
         here, I stay all day and all night.  This time I've been here
         a couple of days, and will probably stay a few more before
         Mom gets back.

         Aunt Sue is Mom's sister.  She is several years younger than
         Mom, so she can't be too old, but Mom once referred to her as
         a maiden aunt.  When I asked what that meant, Mom said it
         meant that she had never married, and since she was stuck on
         the farm taking care of Grandpa, probably never would marry.
         I said that I thought "maiden" meant "virgin" and Mom said,
         kind of half-laughing, that with Aunt Sue's limited
         opportunities it probably did.  That puzzled me because I
         couldn't see where marriage and virginity had anything to do
         with each other.  I sure didn't want to get married, but that
         didn't keep me from wanting to stop being a virgin.  I
         certainly wasn't a virgin by choice--I just had never had an
         opportunity to make it with a girl.  My virginity was a
         condition I hoped to change the very first chance I got.
         When that time might come, I had no idea.  I had never even
         felt up a girl, much less done anything else.  Thus far, the
         closest I had come to a pussy was the Playboy centerfold.

         Aunt Sue and Grandpa live on Grandpa's farm just outside of
         town.  It only takes about fifteen minutes to get there, so
         having to stay at their place isn't that much of a problem.
         The main difficulty is that they have only two bedrooms and I
         have to sleep with Aunt Sue in her big double bed.  I have my
         own bedroom at home, and getting used to sleeping with
         someone else wasn't easy--particularly when that someone else
         was a pretty girl like Aunt Sue.

         Although I complained about having to go to Aunt Sue's, I
         really didn't mind it that much.  Grandpa kept beer in the
         refrigerator, and sometimes he would let me drink a bottle
         when he did.  Aunt Sue would fuss, but Grandpa would tell her
         to leave us alone, that we are about "men's business."  Of
         course, that would make me feel ten feet tall.  Even though
         she put on a show, Aunt Sue wasn't really concerned about it
         and never told Mom.

         Despite her mock scolding about my drinking beer, Aunt Sue
         and I became good friends.  She insisted that I call her
         simply "Sue," that "Aunt Sue" was way too formal.  She
         laughed, her face turning a little red, and said if we were
         going to sleep in the same bed, we should at least be on a
         first-name basis.

         With respect to sleeping in the same bed, I have to admit
         that the arrangement was beginning to cause me a problem.
         The problem is that being in bed with Sue makes me terribly
         horny.  (Not that it takes much, anyway.  Being horny is a
         steady-state condition for me.)  I was very much aware that
         right next to me was a female, a girl who had big breasts and
         a pussy.  Sue usually dressed in bulky loose-fitting clothes
         --even her night clothes were heavy material--so I could only
         guess at what those parts of her anatomy might look like.
         Even so, knowing that all that separated her probably virgin
         pussy from my definitely virgin cock was just a few inches of
         bed space made me ultra-sensitive to our sleeping arrange-
         ments.  I went to sleep many a night with a hard-on and had
         erotic dreams about girls.  To make it worse, the girls in my
         dreams looked like Sue.

         Although the extra travel involved with staying at Sue's
         place during school time was a little inconvenient--she had
         to take me to school and pick me up--staying there in the
         summer was a real treat.  Even though all of us still
         referred to it as "the farm," it really wasn't one anymore.
         Grandpa quit farming years ago, and now it was simply pasture
         land he leased out for grazing a few head of cattle.  Sue had
         a little vegetable garden, but other than that it was just a
         lot of open space.  For a boy of fifteen, though, it is a
         wonderland.  There are lots of areas that I still haven't
         explored, and staying there in summer gives me opportunity to
         just roam around, laze in the shade, and generally goof off.

         Sue is a great lover of the outdoors, and sometimes when the
         weather is especially nice, she goes to extra trouble to
         carry all the food out to the big picnic table under the oak
         tree so we can eat in the wide-open.  It's always a lot of
         fun, the three of us laughing and making a festive occasion
         out it.  That is, until Grandpa gets sleepy and decides it's
         his nap time.  He always takes a nap after lunch, and even
         the fun of eating outdoors doesn't deter him from his daily
         schedule.  He always put in a good two hours of log sawing,
         and thunder, lightning, or even a earthquake couldn't wake
         him until he has his nap out.  He sleeps just as soundly at
         night, too.  Sue said that on several occasions she had tried
         to wake him, but it was next to impossible.

         One morning when I was in the kitchen with Sue, she asked me
         if I had ever been down to the creek at the far end of the
         farm.  I had never explored that part of the farm and had no
         idea there was a creek there.  I told that I hadn't but now
         that I knew it was there I would go explore that part of the
         farm.  She said that she had an even better idea--that the
         two of us would carry a lunch basket and have a picnic there.
         She indicated that Grandpa wasn't up to walking that far, but
         she would feed him his lunch and while he was taking his nap
         we would go there and have our picnic.  That sounded great to
         me.  It combined two of my favorite things--exploring and
         eating--and I waited impatiently for lunch time to finally
         get there.

         Shortly before noon, Sue called to me and said she was just
         about ready.  I went back into the kitchen and found Sue and
         Grandpa there.  I was more than a little surprised by what
         else I found--Sue dressed in a pair of shorts and a tee
         shirt.  Seeing her dressed like that, I was mystified about
         why she hid herself in such full, baggy clothes.  She had a
         super figure: long-legged, slender-waisted and big-boobed.  I
         couldn't keep my eyes off her and my cock twitched in my
         pants at the sight.

         Sue set out lunch for Grandpa and told him to have a nice nap
         afterward, that she and I were going down to the creek and
         have a picnic.  He didn't pay much attention, just told us
         "kids" to have a good time.  Sue pointed to the picnic basket
         and said that a big strong guy like me should be the one to
         carry it.

         Since Sue knew the way, she took the lead and I followed.
         Walking closely behind her, I couldn't help but notice the
         way her rear end twisted and the cheeks of her ass moved as
         she walked.  Her shorts were really short-shorts, and after
         she had walked a little way, they worked upward on her ass so
         that the bottoms of her ass cheeks showed.  I could see the
         edge of her white panties peeking out from under the shorts,
         and the sight worked on me like waving a red flag excites a
         bull.  I had been excited from seeing some of Sue's hidden
         charms revealed, but getting a peek of panties made my cock
         get rock-solid hard and bulge out the front of my pants.  I
         was relieved that I was behind her so that she couldn't see
         the effect she was having on me.

         By the time we finally arrived at our destination, I was in a
         pretty bad state.  First, I was about as horny as I had ever
         been in my entire life.  Having watched Sue's firm ass as it
         squirmed and twisted for the last twenty minutes had my cock
         throbbing and aching.  My horniness, though, was almost
         secondary to my frustration.  The realization that the ass I
         had been watching, indeed the whole of Sue's beautiful body,
         lay beside me each night, so close yet so far away and
         untouchable, made me gnash my teeth.  I couldn't help but
         groan and give a big sigh of anguish.

         The place where Sue had taken us was really nice.  The creek
         had a limestone bed and was surrounded by grass that was
         almost like a lawn.  Big oak trees shaded a lot of the area
         and made it so quiet and restful that I could easily see why
         Sue considered it a good place for a picnic.  At one time,
         someone had dammed the creek so as to make a pond, and even
         though part of the dam had washed away, there was still a
         nice-sized pool.  The water looked cool and clear, ideal for
         swimming.

         Sue spread a tablecloth and laid out the food from the
         basket.  Seeing and smelling the food made me realize how
         hungry I was, and I dove in with relish.  Sue seemed to have
         a good appetite, too, and between the two of us we quickly
         disposed of the picnic lunch.  Feeling full and relaxed, I
         stretched out on the grass and gazed up at the sky.  Sue laid
         down beside me, and together we just lay there silent,
         enjoying the peace and quiet of the warm afternoon.  I
         shifted positions a little, and when I did my hand came into
         contact with Sue's.  She didn't move her's so I left my hand
         where it was.  It may have been just an accidental touch, but
         it was electrifying to me.  Seeing Sue in her scanty clothes
         had caused me to become infatuated with her woman's mature
         body, and being able to touch her, even if only with a mere
         touching of fingers, sent little shivers through me.

         After a while I sat up and looked at the water in the pool.
         "That sure looks like a good place to swim," I said.

         Sue said, "Yes, it is.  When your mother and uncles and I
         were kids we used swim here real often.  I was the littlest
         of all, so about all I got to do was stick my feet in.  We
         all went skinny-dipping, back then."

         "You went swimming naked?" I asked.

         "Yeah, we sure did," Sue said with kind of an embarrassed
         laugh.  "None of us owned a bathing suit."

         "Was it fun?  Swimming, I mean."

         "Oh, yes.  Course, we didn't keep it up too long.  After we
         got old enough to know what the difference between girls and
         boys meant we had to stop."

         "Do you ever go swimming now?" I asked.

         "Well, sometimes I still sneak out here and take a dip."

         "You skinny-dip?"

         Sue laughed, her face flushing just a little, and said,
         "Yeah.  I still don't own a bathing suit."

         "I sure would like for us to go swimming right now," I said.

         "Well, I've already told you I don't have a bathing suit and
         you don't have one, either, so I guess we're just out of
         luck."

         "We could go skinny-dipping, like you say you do."

         Sue's face turned red and she said, "Donny, I sure know the
         difference between girls and boys now, and a good-looking boy
         like you surely does, so we couldn't do that."

         Undaunted and still practically panting to see more of Sue's
         body, I said, "We could swim in our underwear.  That wouldn't
         show any more than a bathing suit does."

         Sue's eyes kind of narrowed and I could tell she was thinking
         about my suggestion.  Finally, she said, "Well, maybe we
         could.  You're right, the way bathing suits are today, our
         underwear would cover more than they do.  Okay, we'll do it.
         But not a word about it to your mother.  She'd skin me alive
         if she knew we did such a thing."

         I took my hand and made like I was zipping my mouth.  "Not a
         word.  You have my solemn oath."

         Having made up her mind, she was almost like a kid, eager to
         get on with it.  She stood up and pulled the tee-shirt over
         head and unbuttoned the waist of her shorts.  The shorts were
         tight and she had to wriggle her hips to get them off.
         Seeing her there in her panties and bra, her hips squirming
         like that made me forget that I was supposed to be undressing
         too.  Sue saw me staring and said, "Now cut that out, Donny.
         I'm already a little embarrassed--don't make it any worse."

         I pulled off my shirt and started lowering my pants so that I
         would be dressed in just my Jockey shorts.  I realized then
         that I had a real problem.  My cock was hard and throbbing
         and my state of arousal would be obvious to Sue.  Turning my
         back, I managed to cram the rod down into the crotch of my
         shorts so at least I didn't look like I had a tennis ball
         stuck in my shorts.  Some bulge still showed, but maybe Sue
         would just think I was well developed.

         Half way presentable, I ran down to the water and waded in.
         Being in first would give me a change to look at Sue without
         appearing to be staring.  I turned around and watched Sue as
         she carefully inched her way to the water, wincing a little
         as the rocks hurt her feet.  It was a good thing I had my
         cock tucked in secure because just watching her coming toward
         me, white panties and bra on, would have turned the front of
         my shorts into a tent.  "Come on in, the water's just great,"
         I said.  Talking to her required me to face her, and that's
         exactly what I wanted to do.  This was the first time I had
         ever seen a girl in her underwear, and even though I couldn't
         see any more than I could have if she had on a bathing suit,
         just the thought of it's being underwear excited me beyond
         any point I had been before then.

         Sue waded out a little way and sat down in the water, sub-
         merging herself to a level that her breasts were just at the
         water line.  They bobbed up and down, as if they were
         floating on the surface, and my hands itched to reach out and
         feel them, to discover for the first time what it felt like
         to put my hand on a girl's flesh.  I knew, though, that doing
         that would probably make her more than a little angry, and
         that she would want to get out right then.  All I wanted was
         to stay there with her as long as possible, drinking in the
         sight of her creamy skin and revelling in the idea that I was
         so close to an almost-nude girl.

         I dog-paddled over to her and sat in the water alongside her.
         She had a smile on her face and I knew that she was having
         fun.  I said, "I can see why you like this place--it's a
         super swimming hole.  Is it deeper in the middle?"

         Sue said, "Yeah, quite a bit.  Come on, I'll show you."  She
         paddled out a ways and stood up, the water almost up to her
         neck.  I came out by her and stood, too.  We were so close
         that when she turned toward me her breast brushed my arm, its
         firm weight pressing against it.  She didn't seem to pay any
         attention, and I was very happy about that.  She said, "It's
         even deeper than this right out here," and stepped toward the
         middle of the pond.  Suddenly, she went completely under, her
         head disappearing under the surface.  Instinctively, I
         reached out for her, my arms and hands extended, to pull her
         back up.  I ducked under the water and grabbed her under the
         armpits and lifted her up.  When I did, she fell back against
         me and my hands slipped around to her front, each hand
         cupping one of her round, firm breasts.  I couldn't help
         myself--I squeezed and kneaded them, gently massaging them
         through the fabric of her bra.

         Sue went stiff in my arms, her body straightening out so that
         she stood full erect.  Her hands came up and covered mine and
         for just a few moments we remained frozen in that position.
         She turned around then, dislodging my hands from her breasts,
         and said, "Wow, I guess I stepped in a hole there.  Thanks
         for being so quick and pulling me up.  I'd better get back in
         the shallow water where I'll be safe."

         Sue paddled into shallow water and sat down, her legs apart
         and extended in front of her.  The water came up to only the
         tops of her thighs and it was so clear and clean that I could
         see all the way to the bottom.  The bottom, though, wasn't
         what I was looking at.  Sue's panties, which had been
         opaque when dry, were completely transparent now that they
         were wet.  I could clearly see the full extent of her swatch
         of black pubic hair and even distinguish the top of the cleft
         that ran down the middle of that dark triangle.  My breath
         caught in my throat and I became dry-mouthed.  I had longed
         to see a girl's pussy, and now I was getting at least a
         partial look at Sue's.  My cock worked its way out of its
         tucked position and completely bulged out the front of my
         shorts.

         I immediately turned around and went back out to deeper water
         where I could readjust my cock without Sue being able to tell
         what I was doing.  Once again presentable, I came back to her
         and sat next to her.  I couldn't tear my eyes off of Sue's
         sexual area.  Since she was beside me, she couldn't see how
         my eyes bored into the space between her thighs.  I was so
         distracted by the sight that I couldn't even carry on a
         decent conversation, just saying "Uh-huh" and "Yeah" to
         whatever she said.  After a while, she stood up and said that
         it was getting late and she needed to get home to start
         supper.  Even though I tried to turn my eyes away in time,
         she caught them zeroing in on her crotch.  Looking down at
         herself, she said, "Oh, God, just look at me.  I thought
         underwear was safe to wear, but I might have well have gone
         skinny-dipping.  Come on, let's get out of here and get
         dressed."  We got out and put our clothes on over our wet
         underwear and headed for the farmhouse.

         That night after Sue and I were in bed, she said, "Donny,
         since my wet panties showed so much that I might as well been
         naked, if we go swimming tomorrow we can skinny-dip if you'd
         like to.  But, again, absolutely no word of it to your
         mother.  Understand?"

         I could hardly keep from stammering as I answered, "Yeah, I'd
         like to go skinny-dipping.  And as far telling Mom, I've
         already made a blood oath with you."

         "Just checking to be sure.  Good night, Donny."

         I was so excited that I wasn't able to go to sleep
         immediately as I usually did.  My cock was hard and throbbing
         at the thought of being completely naked with Sue, of seeing
         a real live fully nude girl for the first time.  As if that
         weren't enough, Sue's action at this time made it even more
         difficult to go to sleep.  She rolled over in bed and in the
         process pressed her hand up against my buttocks.  It felt
         like a hot ember burning a hole in my skin.  Sue's breathing
         was slow and regular, so I figured she was asleep and it was
         an accident.  After a long while, even with the heat of her
         hand against me and the discomfort of a hard and aching cock,
         I too fell asleep.

         When I waked up the next morning, the front of my shorts were
         a gooey mess--I had had a wet dream.  The sheet had a wet
         spot, too, and I knew Sue would see the evidence of my
         reaction to seeing her in her transparent panties.  Remember-
         ing the dream I had, I was not surprised at the mess I had
         made.  Sue and I had just finished swimming, both of us
         completely nude, and we were on the bank, lying together on a
         big towel.  I had one hand on her breast and the other buried
         between her thighs, my fingers delving into her pussy.  She
         was busy, too, with a hand clasping my rigidly hard cock and
         stroking it up and down.  In my dream, I shot off into the
         air and all over her hand.  I must have shot off in real
         life, too, with the come in my shorts and on the bed the
         result.

         I went to the bathroom and cleaned myself up and put on clean
         shorts.  I planned to try to clean the sheet with a wet wash
         cloth, but I was too late--Sue was already making the bed and
         had seen the wet blotch.  She stroked her fingers across the
         wet spot and then rubbed them together, feeling the slippery
         texture of my boy juice.  I was standing in the doorway and
         there wasn't anything I could do to avoid her confronting me
         about what had happened.  She looked at me and said, "Looks
         like someone had a naughty accident last night.  You must
         have been dreaming about one of those cute little high school
         girls." I was embarrassed and didn't answer.  Sue laughed and
         said, "Well, she must have been a real knock-out.  Who was
         it, Donny?"

         I sure didn't want to admit that it was she I dreamed of--
         she'd probably faint from embarrassment.  I figured the best
         thing to do was just not answer.  Sue saw that I was going to
         stay silent and teasingly said, "What's the matter, cat got
         your tongue?"

         Responding to her teasing persistence, I said, "Okay, if you
         just have to know, I dreamed about you."

         Sue turned just a little red, apparently not as embarrassed
         as I was.  I turned away, determined to go outside so that
         she wouldn't see me red-faced.  As I was leaving, I heard Sue
         whisper in a way I'm sure she didn't intend for me to hear,
         "I dreamed about you, too."

         I managed to stay away from Sue until noontime when she
         called me into the house.  She didn't seem the least bit
         perturbed about what happened that morning.  She was smiling
         and seemed happier than I had seen her in a long time.  She
         told me she had packed a picnic lunch and if I wanted to we
         could go down to the creek and eat it.  I told her I would
         like that very much.  I grabbed the picnic basket and we left
         the house and started for the creek.

         About half way to the creek, I asked, "Can we go swimming?"

         "If you want to."

         "Swim like you said we could?" I asked, almost breathlessly.

         "If that's what you would like to do, then that's what we'll
         do.  DO you want us to go skinny-dipping?"

         Hardly believing my good fortune, I almost shouted, "Yeah, I
         want us to go skinny-dipping."

         When we finally got to the creek, Sue spread a table cloth
         and a blanket.  She said that since we were going to go
         skinny-dipping we may as well take advantage of it and get a
         little sun tanning at the same time.  Just the thought of
         being on a blanket with Sue and both of us naked brought my
         cock to half mast.  Oh, God, maybe she'll let me touch her a
         little, I fantasized.

         Sue started to take the lunch out of the basket and put it on
         the table cloth, but I told her that maybe we should go swim-
         ming first.  After all, I told her, swimming gives a person
         an appetite, so it would be better to wait until later to
         eat.  The truth was that I really didn't care when we ate or
         if we at all.  My mind was on Sue taking off her clothes and
         getting naked and I didn't want anything to delay that.  I
         was getting ready to see my first real pussy and I didn't
         want to wait one second longer than necessary.

         Sue smiled and said, "You're not fooling me, Donny.  You're
         just eager to go skinny-dipping.  Isn't that it?"

         I tried to act nonchalant about the matter, keeping a
         straight face, and said, "Well, what I said about eating is
         true, isn't it?"

         Smiling even broader than before, Sue said, "Sure, you're
         right, all right.  Okay, skinny-dipping it is.  That means
         it's down-to-the-buff time.  Start shucking, Donny, let's see
         who can be the first one in the water."

         I wasn't in any hurry to undress.  What I really wanted was
         to watch Sue take her clothes off, to see all of her feminine
         secret areas exposed to my view.  She was making a contest of
         it, though, so my hopes to see her disrobe were frustrated.
         Well, I could at least get into the water first and get to
         see her as she came toward me.  That way, I would get a good
         look at Sue's jiggling breasts, but most of all, get my first
         look at a girl's pussy.  I stripped my clothes as fast as I
         could, almost ripping the buttons off, in order to be first
         in the water.  Before I even had my shoes and socks and shirt
         off, though, I heard splashing and giggling behind me.
         Turning around, I saw Sue's back as she waded out into the
         water, only her naked backside visible to me.  Sue quickly
         waded out into deep water and ducked herself under so that
         only her head and shoulders showed. Damn! I cursed silently
         to myself, I missed my chance to see Sue.

         Sue wasn't missing a chance to see me, though.  As I walked
         down to the water, my rigid cock bobbed and weaved before me,
         moving up and down and around in circles with each step.  Sue
         stopped her giggling and watched, her eyes never leaving me
         as I came forward, my cock like a ship's bowsprit.  Finally,
         the target of her stare went under the water and I waded out
         beside Sue.  She grinned at me, giggling once more, and said,
         "I cheated.  All I wore was just my dress."

         I grinned back at Sue and splashed water into her face,
         partly playing but also partly to get even with her for
         cheating me out of a good look at her privates.  Instead of
         my getting to see her, all that happened was for me to give
         her a good show of my hard cock.  I guess I should have been
         embarrassed about having a hard-on, but Sue's giggling and
         grin dispelled any of those feelings.

         Without warning, Sue jumped toward me and pushed my head
         under water, giving me a thorough ducking.  I came up
         sputtering and lunged for her, determined to get even.  She
         had anticipated my move, though, and had already swum away.
         I raced after her and grabbed her foot, pulling her under.
         Still grinning, she made another grab for me, trying again to
         duck my head under water.  I managed to dodge and grapple
         with her, my arms and hands around her body.  As we grappled,
         she brushed her front against my hard-on, pressing it upright
         against my stomach.  At that same instant, my hand covered
         one of her breasts, stroking against it and squeezing it.
         Sue jumped away, and laughing, said, "Uh-uh, you're breaking
         the rules.  One of the rules of skinny-dipping is no feeling
         each other up.  Everyone can look all they want, but no
         handling the merchandise."

         Her grin was infectious, and grinning just as big as she, I
         replied, "All right, no more feelies, but you have to quit
         ducking.  Okay?"

         Mollified, but still grinning, Sue said, "Okay, but you're
         taking the fun out of it."

         And you're taking the fun out of it for me, too, I thought to
         myself.

         Remembering Sue's words about being able to look all we
         wanted and the way she gave me the once-over as I waded into
         the water, I thought that maybe there was still hope to see
         Sue's naked body in its entirety.  Determined not to waste a
         chance, I waded out of the water, dried off, and sat on the
         blanket.  "Hey, Sue," I shouted, "I'm hungry.  Come on out
         and let's eat."

         "Yeah, I'm hungry, too," Sue said, and waded out of the deep
         water toward me.  As she advanced, her breasts emerged,
         bobbing up and down in the water and then fully exposed,
         jiggling on their own.  Her waist came into view and then her
         navel.  I sat there, holding my breath in anticipation, as
         Sue's dark pubic triangle came into view.  Her thighs
         followed, and then she was fully out of the water, walking
         toward me.  I couldn't take my eyes off Sue's hairy center.
         The vertical line of her vaginal cleft was clearly visible as
         she advanced toward me.  The sway of her hips and the easy
         way her breasts moved up and down with each step made a
         beautiful backdrop for the main attraction--her fur-covered
         sexual center.  I couldn't have torn my eyes away even upon
         threat of death.  My breath came in little pants as I gazed
         in wide-eyed rapture upon my first real-live, fully naked
         woman.

         Sue ignored the way I was staring, a slight smile on her face
         the only evidence that she noticed.  She sat down on the
         blanket and took our sandwiches and cold drinks out of the
         basket.  The table cloth was no longer needed--eating in the
         raw required something other than the ground to sit on.  Once
         she had completed our culinary arrangements, Sue sat cross-
         legged and started in on her sandwich.  I took a bite of mine
         but my mouth was so dry that I couldn't even chew--I had to
         take a drink of Coke to get rid of the cotton.  With Sue
         sitting in that position, her vulva gaped wide open, I had an
         unobstructed view of the moist, pink flesh inside the cleft
         that split her thighs and was almost trembling in reaction.
         It's a good thing we were eating and not trying to talk--I
         wouldn't have been able to get anything out except stammers
         and mumbles.

         During the silence of our meal, Sue did her own looking.
         Although she tried to be more circumspect about staring than
         I, she kept her eyes mainly on my throbbing, rigid cock.  She
         apparently meant it when she said that looking was okay.

         When we finished eating and Sue had cleaned up the remains of
         our lunch, she stretched on the blanket.  Taking that as
         invitation, I stretched alongside, our bodies close, but not
         touching.  For a few seconds we just lay there silent, each
         aware of the sexual electricity our nakedness was producing,
         but reluctant to speak.  Finally, Sue broke the silence by
         saying, "You know, the problem you have is why we had to quit
         skinny-dipping."

         "What do you mean?" I asked.

         "Well, when our older brothers started getting like you are
         now, Mother made us quit swimming together.  She said we were
         getting too old.  Course, I was just a little kid then and
         didn't know what was going on, but your mother explained it
         to me when I got older."  Sue laughed and continued, "I guess
         it was too late then, though.  Your mother and Ned got eyes
         for each other and ended up making love."

         I could hardly believe Sue's words.  I turned on my side,
         facing her and said, "You mean Uncle Ned screwed Mom?  He
         screwed his own sister?  You saw it?"

         Sue laughed again and said, "No, I was too little then.  Even
         if I had seen them, I wouldn't have known what they were
         doing.  Your mother told me about it later.  They were lovers
         for two years before Ned went off to college.  They used to
         come to this spot right here."

         I had never thought of Mom as having a sex life, of being a
         sexual person.  She was just Mom, that's all.  Now that I
         thought about it, I realized that Mom was really very pretty
         and that as a teenager she must have been a real heart-
         breaker.  I saw in my mind a picture of she and Uncle Ned,
         just teenagers like myself, coming to that very spot,
         naked like Sue and I were, and thoroughly loving each other.
         The thought excited me so much that drops of pre-come oozed
         out of my hard cock and covered its head with a shiny liquid
         coating.

         "You mustn't ever tell her I told you that.  You know that
         don't you?"

         "Yeah.  Don't worry, I'll never tell."

         For a few moments after that we just lay on the blanket, side
         by side, enjoying the warm sunshine.  Then, in a very quiet
         voice, Sue said, "Donny, is this the first time you've seen a
         naked girl?"

         Knowing from Sue's seeing my reaction to her nakedness that
         it would have been fruitless to lie, I said, "Yes.  This is
         my first time."

         "I kind of got that impression," she said with a soft laugh.
         "Well, if it's any consolation to you, you're the first boy
         I've ever see naked."

         "But you must have had lots of dates," I said, mystified.
         "Surely on some of them you must have gone far enough to get
         naked with the guy."

         "Well, living out on the farm like this, I haven't had many
         dates.  And those I've had have been with guys I sure
         wouldn't want to go very far with."

         "I guess that explains why you've looked at me as much as
         I've looked at you," I said.

         Laughing again, Sue said, "Yeah, I guess it does."

         The silence we experienced earlier returned.  After a few
         moments, Sue turned on her side and faced me.  In the same
         sort of quiet voice she had used before, Sue said, "Donny,
         tell me about your dream last night.  You know, the one that
         caused you to have your...ah...accident."

         Remembering what Sue and I had done in my dream, I was
         reluctant to tell her.  If I did it would probably make her
         upset and angry.  Hedging an answer, I said, "Well, it was
         just one of those kind of dreams, you know.  One that caused
         that to happen to me."

         "Donny, you cut that out.  Come on, tell me, please.  I
         promise I won't get embarrassed or upset."

         Recalling that she hadn't gotten as upset as I expected when
         I told her she had been the subject of my wet dream, I
         decided to go ahead and take another chance and tell her the
         details.  She knew that what I dreamed resulted in my coming
         all over my shorts and the bed, so it wasn't any secret that
         the dream was about sex.  If she really wanted to know, then
         I would go ahead and tell her.  And not only tell her, but
         show her.

         Turned as we were on the blanket, we were now face to face.
         I looked right into her eyes when I said, "Well, in my dream
         we were right where we are now, on a blanket or a towel here
         at the creek.  And naked just like we are now.  In my dream,
         though, we were touching each other." I reached out and
         cupped one of her breasts in my hand, holding it in a gentle
         grasp, saying, "I had one hand right here."  Reaching my
         other hand down, I put it between her legs, right on top of
         her pussy, saying, "And I had my other hand right here,
         rubbing and feeling."  I moved my fingers inside the cleft my
         fingers had found, and stroked them up and down, gently and
         softly.  Sue lifted one leg and bent it at the knee, giving
         my hand freedom to further explore the whole area between her
         thighs.

         "You said we were touching each other.  Was I touching you
         here?" Sue said, reaching her hand out and wrapping it around
         my wet pulsating cock.

         "Yes," I whispered, "We were making each other feel good."

         "I dreamed about you, too," Sue said.

         "You did?  What did you dream?"

         Sue smiled and said, "Same dream as yours."

         Sue closed her eyes, the soft smile still on her face, and I
         took this as license to continue.  She apparently didn't need
         any license, because she continued to fondle and caress my
         cock, causing more drops of pre-come to ooze out and cover
         her hand.  In almost a trance of rapture, I continued
         touching and stroking Sue's breast and pussy.  I couldn't
         believe how wet her pussy was becoming.  If anything, she was
         wetter than I.  Using her wetness as lubrication, I probed a
         finger into the hole I found at the bottom of Sue's cleft.  I
         realized that I had my finger in the same hole a cock was
         supposed to go in, that for the very first time I was finger-
         fucking a girl.

         My thumb found a little nubbin right at the top of Sue's
         gaping furrow and rubbed it with little light strokes.  Sue's
         hips started squirming and rotating in little circles, moving
         against my fingers.  Sue moaned softly as I continued my
         attention on what I realized was a focus point for her
         pleasure.  I worked my finger in and out of her hole and
         stroked her little swollen nub, increasing the pace as my own
         passion level soared.

         Sue's hand on my cock was driving me to levels of pleasure I
         had never before experienced.  I had masturbated many times,
         but never had the pleasure even approached what I felt then.
         I knew that soon Sue hand would be getting baptized in my hot
         come.  I could feel the pressure building and building with
         each of Sue's strokes and squeezes.

         Sue's hips were rotating faster now and her thighs pressed in
         and out against my hand, with a steadily increasing rhythm.
         Sue moaned louder this time, and thrust her hips against my
         hand, rotating them and thrusting with an almost frenzied
         motion.

         Sue reached out and pulled my head toward hers and pressed
         her mouth to mine.  We kissed open-mouthed, our moans drowned
         in each other's oral cavities.  My sensual sensors were
         overpowered and even though I would have liked for the
         pleasure I was receiving from Sue's hand and from feeling and
         loving Sue's body to last forever, I was beyond control.  My
         body stiffened and my hips thrust forward against Sue's hand.
         My cock started jerking and went into contractions.  Come
         spurted out, huge blob after huge blob arcing into the air.
         It spattered on Sue's stomach, and some even got down on her
         pussy, increasing the lubrication of my stroking even more.
         I groaned aloud, unable to restrain the expression of ecstasy
         being produced by the most intense orgasm of my entire life.
         Soon come covered Sue's hand and dripped down on the inside
         of my thigh, forming a warm, white pool.

         Sue's thighs clasped my hand between them, immobilizing it.
         "Oh, God! Oooohhhhhhh...." she moaned, she moan trailing off
         as she trembled and spasms wracked her whole abdomen.  She
         stopped her hand movements on my cock and we lay there,
         still, unmoving, with after-waves of pleasure washing over
         us.  After long moments of silence, Sue opened her eyes and
         said, "Is that what happened in your dream?"

         "Yeah," I whispered. "But it was better in real life than in
         my dream."

         "This is what happened in my dream, too. And you're right.
         Real life is better than any dream."

         Sue sat up and looked at the way come had spattered and
         dripped on both us.  "God, we sure made a mess, didn't we.
         Looks like another dip is in order."  We both went into the
         water and rinsed the evidence of our mutual pleasure from our
         bodies.  "My gosh, it must be getting late.  Come on, we need
         to get back to the house."  I followed her home again,
         watching her ass squirm under her dress, knowing that the
         dress was all that covered it.  Just thinking about her bare
         pussy under the dress kept my cock swollen to a half-hard.

         That night after Sue and I were in bed, I reached out and
         stroked her ass, lightly caressing it.  Sue whispered, "No,
         not now.  Wait'll tomorrow, when we can go back to the
         creek."  She turned to me and gave me a little pecking kiss
         on the lips.  "Be good now.  We'll have a real good time
         tomorrow."  Without success, I willed my erection to subside.
         Finally, even with a hard-on, I drifted off to sleep.

         The next morning, after breakfast was over, Sue announced
         that she was going into town to pick up some groceries and
         other items.  I offered to go with her, but she asked that I
         stay with Grandpa and keep him company.  She got a funny
         expression on her face when I asked where else she going
         other than the grocery store, and said, "Oh, I've just got
         some errands to run."  When I asked her if she were going to
         be back in time to go the creek, she got kind of a secretive
         smile on her face and said, "Oh, yes.  After I get back we'll
         sure want to go down to the creek."  The expression on her
         face and the tone of her voice held an unspoken promise.  She
         was tacitly communicating that she was planning something,
         that she had a surprise in mind.  Whatever it might be, I
         could hardly wait.  Just the hope of getting to see her naked
         again, to get to touch and fondle all the secret, wet parts
         of her body, and to make hand-love to each other again had me
         almost quivering in anticipation.  If she had something
         special planned, it could only be like another of my dreams
         coming true.

         Sue got back home shortly before noon and immediately started
         preparing lunch.  I was very disappointed to see her setting
         out three places--it meant that we wouldn't have our picnic
         at the creek.  Sue must have seen the disappointment on my
         face because she came up behind me and wrapped her arms
         around my waist, pressing her full mounds against my back,
         and whispered into my ear, "I'm worried that Grandpa might be
         getting suspicious of us.  After we eat and he goes to sleep,
         then we'll go to the creek.  Okay?"

         I nodded my head to indicate agreement and Sue rewarded me by
         putting her mouth back to my ear and blowing into it.  As she
         blew, she moved her hands lower and rubbed my groin just
         above my cock.  Cold shivers ran up my spine and my cock
         instantly jumped to attention, bulging out the front of my
         pants.  Sue laughed and said, "Quick, sit down at the table
         or Grandpa will be more than suspicious."

         Somehow we managed to get through lunch without incident.  My
         cock stayed at full mast all through the meal so I couldn't
         get up until Grandpa had left the room.  Sue cleaned up the
         kitchen and after checking to be sure Grandpa was settled
         down, she beckoned to me with her hand and I followed her out
         of the house.  Instead of the usual picnic hamper and other
         gear, Sue got only some towels, her handbag, and a blanket.
         I slung the blanket over my shoulder and we struck out for
         the creek, hurrying faster than we ever had before.

         When we arrived at the creek, we were both a little out of
         breath from having hurried so fast.  Sue spread the blanket
         and put the towels and her handbag on it.  She had never
         brought a handbag before so I was a little curious about why
         she had it.  I though that maybe she bought some suntan
         lotion, and the thought excited me.  Maybe that was her
         surprise--getting to rub lotion all over each other.  Just
         the idea of being able to rub lotion all over Sue's naked
         body brought my cock back up to full erection.  Sue noticed
         the way the front of my pants tented out and said, "You'd
         better get out of those clothes before that thing breaks
         off."

         This time Sue didn't trick me by jumping out of her clothes
         and into the water.  Indeed, she was very slow and deliberate
         in disrobing, standing on the blanket facing me and taking
         off one garment at a time, almost as if she were putting on a
         show.  Taking the cue from her, I faced her and performed my
         best version of what I thought a strip tease would be.

         Sue took off her shoes and socks and then slowly pulled her
         dress over her head, revealing her panties and bra.  Her
         panties were white again today, but were bikini style, high
         cut and much thinner than the ones she had worn before.  She
         reached behind her and loosed her bra, shrugging her
         shoulders so that it fell off into her hands, each cup
         falling away to reveal the creamy mound it had held.  She
         dropped the bra to the ground and cupped her luscious
         beauties, gently squeezing them and tweaking the nipples
         between her fingers and thumbs.  She dropped her hands to the
         waist of her panties and slowly pushed them downward,
         wriggling and rotating her hips as they moved downward, first
         showing the softly rounded curve of her belly and then the
         top of the dark mass of her pubic hair.  She continued
         pushing them down until they reached her hips and then fell
         of their own accord to her feet.  She lifted one foot upward,
         the panties clinging to it, and took the wispy fabric and
         added to her pile of clothes.  As she lifted her leg, the
         slightly gaping cleavage splitting her thighs showed its
         moist pink flesh.  Her eyes had never stopped boring into
         mine as she completed the baring of her flesh.  A slight
         smile curved her lips upward.  She moistened those lips by
         snaking out her tongue and licking across them, seeming to
         relish their taste and texture.

         I had gotten down to my Jockey shorts and then went into slow
         motion, caught up in Sue's revealing the secrets of her
         femininity.  My eyes were glued to her sexual center.  God, I
         believe I could have gazed at her pussy forever.  It was only
         after she had completed bared herself that I finished
         lowering my shorts, stretching them over the protruding
         rigidity of my cock.  Only as it popped out of its
         confinement and sprang outwards, rigid and throbbing, did Sue
         take her eyes from mine.  As my cock came into view, she
         dropped her vision to it, staring long and hard.  She licked
         her lips again as I lifted a leg to remove my shorts from my
         feet.  During our strip show not one word had been spoken.
         We had both held our breaths, taking in the entirety of the
         other's body, and only after we were completely nude did we
         breath again, taking deep gulps of air.

         I expected Sue to head for the water but she lay down on the
         blanket instead, stretching supine, her legs slightly apart
         so that all the area at her groin was open to my inspection.
         She looked up at me and said, "Do you think I have a nice
         body, Donny?"

         There wasn't any way I could be objective.  To me, Sue at
         that moment was Venus de Milo, Aphrodite, and the Mona Lisa
         all wrapped up into one.  She was sex personified, the
         subject of all my wet dreams and masturbatory fantasies.  I
         licked my lips as she had done and said, "Sue, you are
         absolutely perfect.  Your body is beautiful."

         "Am I as pretty as your mother?"

         The question caught me completely by surprise.  I paused for
         a few seconds and then answered, "Well, I've never seen Mom
         like you are now, but as far as I'm concerned, you're just as
         pretty as Mom.  And that's saying a lot, because I think Mom
         is very pretty."

         With strange, almost twisted smile, Sue said, "I bet you
         would like to see her like this, though, wouldn't you?"

         I had never before thought of Mom in that way, but now that
         I did, I realized that I would, indeed, like to see Mom
         naked.  I could picture she and Ned, right where we were
         then, screwing each other.  In my mind's eye, Ned's cock was
         pounding in and out of Mom's pussy, pushing her down to the
         ground with each stroke.  "Yeah, I guess I would," I
         answered, stretching the words out and saying them slowly.

         Sue reached up and cupped her breasts with her hands, holding
         each one and squeezing it.  The look she gave me was the
         most wanton I had ever received in my life and her words
         matched it, "Well, I'm all there is right now.  What do you
         intend to do about it?"

         Even though I didn't fully understand it, it was a challenge
         I couldn't turn away from.  Yesterday, she had been a little
         shy, somewhat embarrassed about exposing herself to me.
         Today, she was coming on like a sexpot.  Kneeling down beside
         her, I decided to quit asking myself questions and just take
         advantage of my good fortune.

         I reached up and lifted her hand away from her breast,
         leaving it open to my sight.  With my lips wide open, I
         lowered my mouth to that soft mound and licked my tongue
         across the pebbly surface of the hard nipple and its
         surrounding ring of brownish colored areola.  Sue arched her
         back upward a little, pushing her breast up to my exploring
         mouth.  I reacted by opening my mouth to its widest and
         sucking in as much of her spongy flesh as possible.  I
         suckled and slurped on her breast, rubbing my tongue all
         around its surface, laving it with a tongue bath.  Sue
         responded to my oral caresses with a soft "Ummnnn" that
         seemed to come from deep within her chest.

         While I massaged and suckled her breast, my other hand
         explored the lower portion of Sue's body.  I moved my finger
         tips in soft circles over the gentle curve of her belly,
         moving them progressively downward with each stroke, until
         they made contact with the mat of her stiff pubic muff.
         Delving through the curly forest, my fingers found the
         indentation signalling the beginning of her labial furrow.
         Sue facilitated my explorations by spreading her legs even
         further and lifting one leg up and bending it at the knee.
         In this position, Sue left the whole of her sex available to
         my seeking fingers, spread wide for me to find and delve into
         her inner lips and wet opening.

         Eagerly accepting such an invitation, I stroked my fingers
         down into the depths of her sexual area, spreading the moist
         cleft even wider.  My finger tips traced over the little
         swollen knob at the very top of the furrow and moved down,
         seeking the channel I knew I would soon come to.  My explor-
         ations were rewarded as my fingertip moved into her hot,
         slick feminine well, intruding itself into the heat of her
         pelvis.  I moved my finger with an in-and-out motion, pushing
         into and then withdrawing from the tight clasp of her vagina.
         I put another finger along the first, doubling the amount
         that was penetrating into Sue, and continued the motion that
         my cock was aching and throbbing to imitate.

         By now, Sue was returning the pleasure I was giving her by
         holding and softly squeezing my rigid, outthrust cock.  The
         combination of knowing that I was playing with a woman's
         pussy, finger-fucking her in fact, and the way she was moving
         her hand on my wet, aching penis had me panting with lust.
         My hips worked against her hand, pushing my cock in and out
         of the circle made by her palm.  My pre-come had oozed out
         and now coated her entire hand, and I used it as a substitute
         for her pussy.  I thrust my fingers in and out of her wet
         hole, simulating the action my cock wanted so much to be
         doing.

         I had my fingers all the way into Sue, stroking with long
         deep strokes.  Her passage was almost completely unobstruct-
         ed, only a narrowing about two inches from the entrance
         slowing down the action of my fingers.  From what Sue had
         told me, I knew that she must be a virgin, but where was her
         maidenhead?  I knew that virgins were supposed to have
         maidenheads that boys break the first time they make love, so
         I was puzzled by Sue's lack of such a barrier.  "Are you a
         virgin?" I asked, seeking an answer to my questions.

         Sue had her eyes closed and her mouth open, a slight trace of
         saliva drooling from the corner of her lip, and her hips were
         gently pushing up against my hand, matching each of my inward
         thrusts with one of her upward ones.  Without opening her
         eyes, she said, "Yes, but I think I broke my hymen riding a
         horse when I was a little girl.  I recall it hurt and I bled
         a little.  Mother said I had probably put myself into a
         condition that I would disappoint some boy when I grew up."
         Sue smiled, opening her eyes and looking up at me.  "Are you
         disappointed, Donny?"

         "Oh, God, no!  This is the best thing that's ever happened to
         me."

         With a soft voice, Sue said, "You're a virgin, too, aren't
         you?"

         "Yes, this is the most I've ever done with a girl."

         With an even softer voice, almost a whisper, Sue said, "Do
         you want to take my virginity?  And let me take yours?"

         If it had been possible for my cock to have gotten harder, it
         would have.  As it was, it only pulsated more and jerked in
         Sue's hand.  I could hardly believe what she was asking me.
         In my wet dream, what I was doing with Sue was as much as we
         had done.  That Sue would actually want me, ask me in fact,
         to put my cock inside her was beyond anything I had even
         imagined.  "Oh, God, Sue.  Can I?  Will you let me fu....will
         you let me do that?  That's what I want more than anything in
         the world."

         Sue smiled at my slip of the tongue and said, "Yes, Donny,
         I want you to fuck me.  I want to be a real woman, not a
         virgin stuck out here on a farm."  She reached out an arm and
         got her handbag, bringing it to her and opening it.  "This is
         the real reason I went to town this morning.  I went and got
         these."  She pulled a small box out her purse.  It was
         wrapped in cellophane, with the word TROJAN printed on it.
         God, I thought, mentally shouting with joy, she bought some
         rubbers!  I trembled with excitement at the prospect they
         offered.  Having rubbers meant we could fuck anyway we wanted
         to and not have to worry about Sue getting pregnant.  She
         handed the box to me and said, "Here, open these up and put
         one on.  I want to feel you inside me, not just hold you in
         my hand."

         There's no way you can want it more than I do, I thought, as
         I struggled to get the wrapping off the box.  Even though my
         hands were shaking, I managed to tear away the box's wrapping
         and pull up its end flap.  Nestled inside it were six
         condoms.  I would have been happy with just one, but having
         six and the promise of multiple joy they held out absolutely
         thrilled me.  Then I remembered that my mother was supposed
         to pick me up the next morning.  My God, I wondered, would it
         be possible to use all six rubbers before then?  Having so
         little experience, I had no basis for making a determination.
         I did know, though, that if Sue were willing, I would sure
         try my damndest.

         I had never put on a rubber before, but the mechanics were
         simple enough.  As soon as I had it on, I knelt down between
         Sue's legs and edged my way up to where my cock was brushing
         against her wet, gaping vulva.  Grasping the rigid rod at its
         base, I ran it up and down Sue's slick channel, getting the
         latex-covered spear ready to put in her sheath.  After I was
         satisfied with its lubricity, I probed down, seeking the
         opening to Sue's depths.  Down near the bottom of the cleft I
         found the right place and gently nudged the head into Sue
         until it penetrated about an inch.  "Go slow, please, Donny.
         I know this might hurt, and I'm willing to have it hurt if
         that what it takes, but try not make it hurt anymore than it
         has to," Sue said in her softest of voices.

         Although I knew Sue was doing this as much for herself as for
         me, knowing that she thought enough of me to let me have her
         for the first time filled me with feelings of tenderness
         toward her.  Along with that tenderness came the realization
         of how vulnerable Sue was, of how trusting a woman has to be
         to offer herself to a man for the very first time.  I vowed
         that I would do anything I could to make this experience
         together as loving and joyous as possible, to avoid to any
         degree possible giving her unnecessary pain.

         I put my hands down alongside Sue and lay my belly against
         hers, slowly and gently pushing my penis into the heat of
         her tunnel.  Gradually, inch-by-inch, it penetrated into
         Sue's body.  The heat and tightness of the fit sent shivers
         of pleasure over me, flowing upward from the point of our
         coupling to all parts of my body.  There was no obstruction,
         only a slight constriction, a ring of extra tightness after I
         had about half my cock into her.  She had her breath held,
         her eyes closed, as if expecting to feel pain.  Without
         meeting any barrier, our pubic hair met and intermeshed.  My
         pubic bone pressed against Sue's and I bottomed out.  I was
         all the way in, my cock completely immersed, buried to the
         hilt in Sue.  Her eyes opened wide in wonder as she let out
         her long-held breath with a whoosh.  She looked up at me and
         whispered, "It didn't hurt.  It doesn't hurt at all."  Then
         in a louder voice, one filled with elation, she said, "Oh,
         God, I feel like I'm filled completely up...I can feel you
         all the way up inside me.  You're touching places that have
         never been felt."  She reached up and pulled me down against
         her breasts, hunching her hips up against my still hilted
         cock.  "It just feels good."  She hugged me even tighter and
         shouted, "Oh, God, Donny, it feels so GOOD!"

         I couldn't have been in more total agreement with her.
         Matching her motion, I thrust myself hard against her, and
         echoed her words by saying, "Ooohhh, yes, good."  I pulled my
         cock out until only its head was left in and then slowly
         pushed it back in.  As it went in, I murmured slowly, my
         words matching the slow penetration, "Yesssss, ooohhhhh,
         goooood....."

         As I pushed in, Sue gyrated her hips in miniature bump-and-
         grind motions, whimpering, "mmmmmnnn, mmmnnnn, mmmmnnnn" in
         time with the small rotations of her pelvis.  She sounded as
         if she were tasting something delicious and saying "yum, yum,
         yum."  When I had finished thrusting all the way in, Sue
         said, "Ooh, do that again.  I love the way you do that."

         She couldn't have loved it more than I.  I thought that Sue's
         getting me off with her hands the day before had been the
         ultimate in pleasure, but the feeling of having Sue's warm
         sexual flesh pressing against and clasping every millimeter
         of my cock's surface went way beyond that.  The heat of being
         in the depths of Sue's body, the friction of her wet flesh
         sliding against my most sensitive of areas, the feel of her
         hard nipples pressing and rubbing against my chest could not
         be compared with anything I had experienced before.  My
         senses were in overdrive and I could feel myself climbing up,
         up, up, and upward, reaching toward the fall into cascading,
         shimmering, exploding ecstasy.

         I continued my slow thrusts in and out of Sue's warm cavern.
         With each stroke, her lubrication increased, and soon our
         coupling was producing soft, liquid sounds.  She soon matched
         my motions, raising her receptacle up to be filled each time
         I pushed my rigidity into the hot depths of her woman flesh.
         She muttered, "Oh, God, how could I have been missing this.
         Oh, this is so good.  Oh, yes, Donny, like that."  Her pace
         picked up, her thrusts increasing in tempo, and I matched
         mine to hers.  Soon we were racing each other, thrusting
         faster and faster.  Sue's eyes glazed over, and her sounds
         simply became a repetitive, "uh, uh, uh," soft sounds that
         were combination grunt and growl.

         Sue brought her legs up and wrapped them around my hips,
         holding me tight within their grip.  Her arms wrapped more
         tightly about me, clutching me, an almost desperate clasp as
         if she were holding on for life.  Her passion carried mine
         higher and higher, and soon I was no better than she.  My
         life centered at the point where our flesh joined, and I
         pounded my cock furiously in and out, a frenzied drive toward
         fulfillment.

         Suddenly, Sue thrust herself up and her whole body stiffened.
         Her legs tightened even more about me, making it difficult to
         push in and out.  She squeezed her eyes tightly shut and
         screamed, "Oh, Donnneee!  Donnnnneeeeeeeee....."

         My ecstasy matched hers as pleasure flowed over me.  Come
         erupted from my cock, pouring out in a seemingly endless
         stream of jerking and spurting.  If I hadn't had on the
         rubber, I would have flooded Sue's pussy with my outpouring.
         Sue grabbed my head and pulled my mouth down to hers.  She
         shot her tongue out into my mouth and I extended mine and
         wrapped it around and around hers in wild, oral stroking.
         Both our hips continued to move in thrusts, pleasure still
         gripping in our loins.  Slowly, over several minutes, our
         motions slowed and then we came to a complete rest.

         We were both completed relaxed, our bodies limp from the
         intensity of our orgasms.  Our mouths continued to move on
         the other's, soft, liquid embraces expressing our gratitude
         for the pleasure each had given the other.  Soon, Sue stirred
         a little under me and I realized I was probably crushing her
         with my weight.  I put my hands down and lifted myself up so
         that our only contact was where my cock, now half-soft, was
         still lodged in her vagina.  Sue reached up and stroked her
         fingers lightly across my cheek, a loving touch of affection
         that I so much enjoyed.  "Thank you, Donnie," she whispered.
         "Now I'm a woman."  She smiled and continued, "Oh, am I EVER
         a woman."

         I touched my lips to hers, just a light kiss showing my
         affection, and said, "I should be thanking you.  Because of
         you I not a virgin any more.  No boy could have lost it in a
         way better than what you just did for me.".

         Sue returned my light kiss, just a brush across the lips, and
         said, "We ARE good for each other, aren't we?"

         About this time, my cock, finally fully limp, fell from out
         of Sue's body with a soft plop.  Sue said, "I'm going to miss
         having that for company, but we'd better get in the pool to
         clean ourselves off and get back to the house.  Grandpa's
         probably already waked up from his nap."

         We completed our ablutions and got back to the house only a
         few minutes before Grandpa waked.

         After Sue and I got in bed that night, I got a raging hard-
         on.  Not only did the memory of our afternoon's dalliance
         reignite my passion, but also the knowledge that Sue was
         there beside me, her body only inches away, her hot pussy
         only a short thrust of my rigid cock away.  Our bodies
         weren't touching, but we were so close that I could feeI the
         warmth radiate from her flesh.  Having experienced the
         pleasure of Sue's body, of finding for the first time the joy
         that comes from being flesh of one flesh, all I wanted was
         more and more of the same.  I could hardly bear the thought
         of having to leave her and return to my house without
         experiencing that pleasure at least one more time.

         I made up my mind to at least hold her and, if nothing else,
         caress the lush curves, the forest of pubic hair, and all the
         other secret places of her body.  Just as I started to turn
         to her, she turned to me instead.  She reached out and put a
         hand on my shoulder and whispered, "Oh, God, Donny, you're
         going to have to go home tomorrow.  Just as I've...no, just
         as WE'VE found out how good we are together, you have to
         leave.  I don't know if I can wait until you come back
         again."  She pulled me against her and held me tightly, a
         sigh of frustration escaping her lips.

         I wrapped my arms around her and pressed myself against her,
         my cock pressing against her groin.  She pushed back,
         squeezing my shoulders at the same time, and muttered, "Ummn,
         that still feels so good."  She put her lips right against
         mine and whispered, "Donny, do you think we can do it again?
         Right here and right now?  Grandpa sleeps so soundly, if we
         do it real quietly we can get by with it.  Do you think you
         can be quiet?"

         Do it again!  I would have stuffed my mouth with a gag if
         that was what it took to get my prick into Sue's pussy again.
         I whispered back, "I promise not to make a sound."

         Sue stood up and pulled her gown over her head, leaving her
         standing nude there in the dim light of the bedroom.  She
         reached into a dresser drawer and handed me one of the
         condoms she had bought.  "Get undressed and put this on," Sue
         whispered, excitement showing in her voice.  Without a sound,
         I wriggled out of my shorts and rolled the rubber down over
         my stiff extended penis.

         As Sue lay back down, she said, "Let's do it on our side."
         Sue faced me, just close enough for her nipples to brush
         lightly across my chest, and wrapped her top leg across my
         hips.  As if it had eyesight, my cock fell into the space
         between her legs that this move created.  She put a hand on
         my cock and guided it into place, barely within her slippery
         cavern.  Between my thrusting forward and her pushing and
         working her hips, I was soon completely engulfed in Sue's
         warm flesh.  With her lips brushing against mine, she
         whispered, "We've got all night.  Let's go nice and slow and
         make it last a l-o-n-g time.  This time may have to last us
         for a while."

         I pulled my cock all the way out and then returned it to its
         warm hiding place, using long, slow pulls and thrusts.  After
         I bottomed out, I ground my pelvis against hers, pushing my
         pelvic bone hard so that it massaged her clitoris.  We worked
         in complete silence, the only sound a soft noise of the
         mattress's slight stirring.  Thank goodness the springs
         didn't squeak.  If they had, we would have had to get on the
         floor.  There was no way that I was going to fail to complete
         this last coupling.  If all we had had was hard concrete, I
         would have gladly used it.

         Sue began to hold me tighter and to work her hips faster
         against mine, increasing the tempo.  Her mouth, which had
         been almost touching mine, opened wide as it hungrily moved
         into full contact with mine.  We kissed with our tongues
         thrusting into and out of each others mouths, showing with
         our oral actions the reaction to our bodies' pleasure.  Sue
         muttered a soft, "Oh, God!" into my mouth, the sound
         swallowed in our kiss.

         Sue rolled over so that she was on bottom and I was on top,
         my legs between her spread and lifted knees.  With her mouth
         still against mine, she said, "I can't wait.  Do it hard and
         fast.  Oh, God, put it in me deep and fast."

         I needed no coaxing--I was on the brink of orgasm and wanted
         so badly to do just what she was asking.  I drove my cock in
         and out, moving as fast as I could make the strokes go.  Sue
         was gripping my back, her grip becoming tighter with each
         stroke.  She shoved her hips against each of my thrusts, and
         soon our movements became a frenzied meeting of wet flesh
         against wet flesh.  She wrapped her legs around my thighs and
         thrust one final hard thrust.  As she did, she put a hand in
         her mouth and bit down on it, using it to muffle the ecstatic
         cries that were trying to come from her throat.

         On the shimmering verge of orgasm myself, I grabbed her legs
         from around my thighs and pulled them up against my chest.
         Her pussy was now completely open to me and my thrusts drove
         deeper into her belly than I had ever been before.  After
         about five of such deep, full thrusts, the explosion came.
         My cock felt like it was swelling to completely fill Sue's
         wet vagina, and my come came jetting out--hot fluid spurting
         and spurting and spurting.  As much as I had tried to
         maintain silence, I couldn't prevent a long moan of ecstasy
         from escaping my lips.

         I lay on top of Sue for a long time, our bodies trembling and
         shaking with spasms.  Finally I rolled off and lay on my
         back, softly panting.  Sue turned on her side and cuddled up
         against me, moving her hand across my chest and caressing me
         with such a gentle touch.  She put her mouth against my ear
         and whispered, "Oh, Donny, I hate to see you have to leave.
         We've just found out about loving and now you have to go."
         Without waiting for an answer, Sue reached over to her
         dresser and got a handful of Kleenex.  Reaching down, she
         removed the rubber from my now-soft cock and dried its limp
         head and shaft.  She got up and put the remains of our loving
         in the wastebasket and redonned her gown.  I found my shorts
         at the foot of the bed and pulled them up to cover me.
         With arms around each other, we slept the kind of sleep that
         comes only after loving of the kind we had.

         When I waked up the next morning, Sue was already up.  I
         could smell breakfast cooking, so I put on my pants and went
         into the kitchen.  Sue said, "Your mother called and said she
         would be here promptly at ten.  Why don't you eat your
         breakfast, take a shower, and then I'll help you pack.  How's
         that sound?"

         "Okay, I guess," I said forlornly, recognizing that soon I
         would have to be leaving Sue.

         "Yeah, I know how you feel.  I feel the same way.  Anyway,
         eat your eggs while they're hot."

         I ate breakfast, took a shower, and then went to Sue's room
         to pack my clothes.  It didn't take long to finish my
         packing, so we ended up with time to spare.  Sue took me in
         her arms and hugged me, a sad expression on her face.  "I'm
         going to miss you.  Let's see if we can arrange for your
         mother to go out of town as soon as possible."

         I hugged Sue back and in no time our bodies molded together.
         The chemistry of the situation went to work and I was
         prodding Sue with my bulging hard cock.  "Oh, God, Donny,
         don't do that and then go off and leave," Sue said, pushing
         her pussy against my hardness.

         Sue glanced over at the clock and said, "Hmmn, it's only
         9:30--that gives us enough time.  Grandpa's in the living
         room watching TV so he won't know."  Sue reached down and
         rubbed my bulge, massaging my stiff rod.  "Go wait for me in
         the bathroom.  I'll be right there."

         I went into the bathroom and waited like she said.  In only
         moments, Sue came in and locked the door behind us.  She
         grabbed my belt buckle and undid my belt.  Then she
         unbuttoned the top button of my pants and pulled down the
         zipper.  Using both hands, she pushed my pants and shorts
         down at the same time, all the way to my feet.  She pulled
         the lid down on the commode and handed me a condom saying,
         "Sit here and put this on."

         I sat down on top of the commode and rolled the rubber down
         on my stiffly standing cock.  As soon as I had finished, Sue
         lifted her dress up and came toward me.  My cock jerked in
         reaction to how Sue looked.  She was completely bare-assed.
         If she had had on underwear, she had removed them before
         coming into the bathroom.  Her pussy was right there in front
         of me and she apparently meant to use it.

         With her dress held up to waist level, Sue put one leg over
         me and straddled my cock so that her pussy was right above
         it.  She lowered herself until her pussy touched my cock and
         then reached down and took it in hand.  She probed with my
         cock, seeking her entrance, moving it all around her wet
         furrow.  She finally found it and then slowly lowered herself
         until her pussy slid down and she had completely impaled
         herself on my stiff rod.  She lifted my head up so that I
         faced her.  Her mouth lowered to mine, and we kissed.  "We
         have just about enough time for a quick one for the road,"
         she said with a broad smile.

         Sue did all the work, lifting herself up and down, grinding
         her wet flesh against my groin.  She moved faster and faster,
         working against the clock, determined to get one more taste
         of the pleasures we had discovered.  Soon she was rewarded.

         Her eyes grew wide and got that faraway look in them.  I
         could feel her pussy tighten down on my cock like a clamp,
         clutching it in its warm grasp.  He hugged me tightly and
         muttered softly, "Yes, yes, yes."

         Her orgasm carried me over the brink and my cock jerked in
         time with Sue's orgasmic pulsations.  Once again, I poured my
         seed out, an offering to Sue's newly found sexuality.  As our
         trembling began to subside, we could hear a car drive into
         the driveway.  "Oh, damn," Sue groaned, "your mother's here
         already."  She lifted herself off me, dropped her skirt, and
         left the bathroom, closing the door behind her.  I removed
         the rubber, flushed it down the commode and with toilet
         paper, made a few perfunctory wipes of my cock, cleaning it
         up as best the time allowed.  I went into the kitchen and
         greeted and hugged my Mom.  Even though both our faces were
         still a little flushed, there was nothing to give away the
         last-second pleasures Sue and I had just enjoyed.

                                    * * * *

         As Mom and I drove home, she did most of the talking,
         chatting about how she missed me and how much she hated to
         have ask me to stay with Sue and Grandpa.  I assured her that
         I didn't mind, that I was really starting to enjoy my stays
         at the farm.  She asked me if Sue and I got along okay, and I
         told her that Sue and I got along fine, that we were more
         like good friends that aunt and nephew.

         The car had gotten warm, and I regretted not having cleaned
         myself up better after the escapade Sue and I had in the
         bathroom.  The smell of sex, of the combined juices Sue and I
         had produced, became very noticeable.  Mom's eyes kind of
         narrowed and she sniffed the air.  Looking askance at me, she
         said, "And just how good of friends DID you become?"

         The implication of her question was clear and impossible for
         me to ignore.  "Oh, Mom, Sue's my AUNT, for crying out loud,"
         I said with mock indignation.  I don't think I convinced Mom
         at all, but at least she didn't mention it any more.

         As we rode along in the silence that followed those words, I
         looked over at Mom.  Her skirt was pulled high on her legs
         and I could see well over half her thighs.  I couldn't help
         but recall the mental picture I had of Mom and Uncle Ned
         screwing on the creek bank.  I realized that Mom was even
         prettier than I had thought.  She was still young, only 36,
         and had a great figure.  I pictured she and Uncle Ned again,
         but this time it was me, not Uncle Ned that was pounding his
         cock in and out of her pussy.  In spite of all the fun Sue
         and I had had, my cock once again stirred.

         God, I would love to get Mom to go skinny-dipping with me.  I
         wonder.......
