
I recently went to a pool party, 'clothing optional'. It was a *wonderful*
experience! Most people did, in fact, go nude and we all had a lot of fun.

I've also been to a nude beach, and tried swimming in the sea in the nude.

There's an interesting aspect to this: when you are with naked people you don't
know very well, where do you look? Do you feel embarrassed and uncomfortable?
Or does it seem totally natural?

Tell us about your skinny dipping experiences.

* Peter *



Dear Peter,
        The only times I've gone skinny diping were at night at a resort. I
didn't have to wonder where to look, I couldn't see anything! And it was "just
the two of us" anyway. In a couple of years I think I might REALLY enjoy skinny
dipping!
                Hugs,
                        Cindi



     Dear Peter:

  I've usually skinny-dipped at night, so the problem has never come up. I like
it The last time was pre magic. I was staying with a friend in Williamsport,
Pennsylvania in July. It was muggy during the day, so he and I spent as much
time as possible in the creek nearby. The water was just right, and it moved so
we could float with it.

  The last night we were in PA, we went to the creek late. The lightning bugs
were out, and it was pitch black under the trees by the water. We couldn't see
the creek. We dropped our clothes and leaped in. It waas like swimming among
the stars as the lightning bugs flew around. It was quiet, beautiful, peaceful,
and felt good with the water flowing over my body.

  Other than that, my skinny-dipping has been alone, when on backpacking trips.
I like cold water. And looking at the mountains as I paddle around.

        --Larry Nelson


Well, Peter, here I am at the ripe old age of 32 and would you believe I've
never done it?

I've fantasized about it <grin>, but never had the opportunity to make it a
reality.  Growing up in the "frozen north" here, pools and private places to
swim aren't nearly as plentiful as they are in California, nor is group nudity
as accepted here as it seems to be there.

Of course, it's possible that I've been moving in the wrong circle of people
for that sort of thing to surface.

In my fantasies, it's been a strictly one-on-one type of encounter. Just me and
my fantasy lover, all alone in the pool <grin>.

I like your question about "where do you look" when involved in a group of
naked or even partially unclothed (topless) people.  I mean, "not-looking" can
be almost as obvious and as uncomfortable as "looking", can't it????

I'm certain I'd at least start out being a "crotch-watcher." <blush> Did I
really say that????? <deeper blush>  But then, perhaps exposed "goodies" get
boring after awhile???  Well, Peter....

where did *you* look???? <grin>



As a new member to this section, I'm hesitant to speak out but Paula's candor
has encouraged me. I'm 38 now (and you you think yourself so old Paula!) but 9
years ago my wife and I were close to a woman neighbor. Now the neighbor had a
pool and she often invited us to swim altho we never did. Finally the 3 of us
got together in the pool one evening at dusk. As it grew darker and the yard
lights had more effect, 'neighbor' got out and turned them off. Well, wild guy
that I am, I took my suit off first and the girls followed; tops then bottoms.
We frolicked and chased and pinched and finally I grabbed }my wife and held
her. To make a short story shorter, we have every reason to believe that our 9
yr old son was conceived in the pool that night. Oh yes, he loves to swim!
Paula, I think if people are showing something because they want to, you can
look at it all... because YOU want to!!




Dear Jim,

Your remark about my candor made me smile.
  I fluctuate between being very very honest, and being very very shy. 
I'm glad my "candid" mood caught your attention, though! Welcome to section 8!

I'm fairly sure I wouldn't be the first one to remove the suit, and probably
not even the second, but you can bet if I was the only one left with one on,
that it wouldn't stay that way for long! <giggle>

I *liked* your story!  And even more, I liked your conclusion about looking at
what people *chose* to make ummmm...available <grin>...to look at!

I can tell you another thing.  Your story is going to be "fantasy fuel" for
quiet awhile! <smile>  Always wondered what that would be like. (putting
imagination to work)

   ....paula

Dear Paula,

  Fluctuations between honesty and shyness? Probably more like shyness and
openess, I get the feeling that you're quite honest - its either the truth or *
Paula * doesn't say anything. Correct?

  As far as looking at what is shown (inadvertent or intentional) I've let that
rule by my guide. If I see a long-legged lady wearing a tight, slit skirt
squirming out of a Corvette then I am going to look and see what there is to
see. I do not go out of my way to peer, I'm not rude or coarse about it, I
would never trespass or break the law for 'a look'. I feel tha most all women
know when something is showing and they like to be politely looked at and
admired. I know I enjoy the warm stare of a woman! How about you Paula? If you
were wearing a loose/low top and bent over a bit on purpose, would you not
enjoy the POLITE attention of a gentleman? I also feel that most all women go
to great lengths to make themselves pleasing to the eye (theirs, mine or
whomever) and that just looking and quietly admiring is recompense for their
effort!
                            Jim



Dear Larry

Your description of night time skinny dipping was most tempting!

How would you react to an invitation to do the same thing in daylight in a
group of people?

Best wishes .... Peter 
Dear Paula

I hope you will get a chance to try skinny dipping. It really is an experience.

Regarding "where to look" I suppose our culture just has not worked out
acceptable behavior for this situation. I can say "I like your dress" but
hardly "what beautiful nipples"! I don't know whether to pretend not to notice,
or to take in the whole figure just as I would if the person were clothed.

I've had the opportunity to watch women nude sunbathing for the first time. It
seems that at first they are shy, and hoping nobody is watching. Then they
notice that people *are* noticing them, and find that they enjoy that. After
that they just "let it all hang out"! I had a similar reaction myself .. I was
shy the first time I did it, but when I noticed women "checking me out" I was
secretly pleased, rather than embarrassed!

Huggs ... Peter


Dear Jim

I liked your story of (possibly) conceiving a child in a swimming pool!

Could I ask the actual mechanics of the operation? Were you both standing? How
did you manage to avoid drowning each other?

Best wishes .... Peter



Peter,

On a three week vacation in Jamaica I saw something interesting along those
lines of nude sunbathing.  In my part of the island (Negril) it was pretty
common for many of the women to not wear tops.

After being there about a week, you begin to notice the people who have just
arrived.  It was interesting to watch some of the women go through the process
of deciding whether to take their top off or to leave it on.  The typical
scenario was that she would find a nice quiet place, partially hidden, and lay
down and take her top off.  Everytime she got up she would put it on.....after
a few hours of this she would sit up without it on.....maybe the next day, she
would do the same thing but in a less secluded place.  By the end of the week a
high percentage of the women we walking topless down the beach and talking to
everyone.

Rog


We were in the 'spoon position' whilst hanging on the edge with the backs of
our arms. If the water had been colder, I'm sure it would not have worked out,
er, in.



Dear Roger

That's very familiar to what I have observed in Europe.

Did you know that practically all the beaches in Europe are topless now? It's
the only regret I have in coming to this country! I wonder when California,
allegedly the trend-setter, will catch up with the 'Old World' in this respect?

Best wishes .... Peter



I do wish we had graphics on this SIG! I'm still not sure how it worked, and a
diagram would make it so much clearer.

I suppose I'll just have to experiment!



Isn't America and the USSR the only major contries where the beaches are not
typically topless??  Interesting eh?? <grin>


Okay sports fans, here we go! (Wheres my CAD book) Place you and your intended
into a pool with about 3' of water in it. Peter, you back up against the wall
and hook your arms over the outboard wall. Now, assure that there is a
functional erection in progress (how you get that is YOUR problem!). Have the
female partner back up to you. She must straddle your legs with her, or in some
fashion bring her lower trunk into contact with yours. Now unless the water is
very cold, intromission can take place with subsequent coitus. INTERmissions
are optional. Peter, if thats not good enough, EMail me!!!



I see: only about 3' of water! I was imagining a much deeper pool. There must
be a lot of room for exploration here, with the weightlessness aspect.

Actually, the idea of shallower water reminds me of a fantasy of making love
right on the edge of the sea, with the incoming waves lightly washing over us.
Has anyone out there tried that?

Oooh, yes! But it's MUCH more fun if there's at least four feet of water in the
pool, and you're facing each other.  That way the water can support the lady,
somewhat, while she holds on to the edge of the pool. And the guy's hands are
thus free to - er - do other things. <blush> But he does have to have his back
to the pool wall for this to work.

<Hugs>

Elna



Well, to counter that [imagination is ALWAYS on-line here!] how about SCUBA
buoyancy compensators and then the depth of the water becomes a moot point?!
They're like life jacket, inflatable, but you control the degree of buoyancy to
suit your, er, taste.



PETER ?  I'M  RICK, INTO KINKY STUFF: SUCH AS SPANKING; U AND I HAVE CONVERSED
BEFORE. SKINNY DIPPING ? LET ME TELL YOU... I LUV IT I THRIVE ON IT. I MET MY
GIRL THAT WAY. B U T . . . I LIVE IN AN APARTMENT COMPLEX OF ABOUT 180
RESIDENTS. I, AND MY GIRL WENT SKINNY DIPPING ABOUT 4 WEEKS AGO. APARTMENT
SECURITY CAUGHT US NOT ONLY SKINNY DIPPING, B U T , YES, U GOT IT, MAKING LOVE
IN THE JACCUZI, 14 AND 1/2 FT. FROM THE POOL.    NOTHING HAPPENED, BUT IT WAS
RATHER INTERESTING, WE GOT TURNED ON ENOUGH TO EXHIBITION--ISM,  WE MADE LOVE
IN THE DENNY'S PARKING LOT THE NEXT NIGHT !!! WE DID NOT GET CAUGHT !! OH WELL,
MAYBE NEXT TIME.




PAULA ? SAME HERTE     GAWD, I CAN NOT SPELL TO NIGHT. SKINNY DIPPING... WHERE
2 LOOK...WELL...CROTCH SHOTS ARE GREAT, BOTTOMS R BETTER!!! ONCE I VISITED A
NUDIST BEACH N OR LA---BUTTS WERE NICE. UR LUCKY THO, GUYS HAVE A DIFFERENT
REACTION WHEN TURNED ON ! SMILE




LARRY, BY ANY CHANCE RU IN OR NEAR HOUSTON TX.? I LIVE IN AN APT. COMPLEX WHERE
THIS IS A REGULAR PRACTICE.



PAULA, PETER   ? SKINNY DIPPING IS AN OL FASHIONED LUV SONG, SO TO SPEAK...
WHERE 2 LOOK IS AN INTERESTING SUBJECT. EYES UP---U C   THE    PERSON. EYES
MIDDLE---U  C THE PERSON. EYES DOWN---U   C   THE PERSON. TURNED ON OR OFF, U  
MAKE THE DIFFERENCE... ERECTIONS, OR WETNESS ONLY PORTRAYS THE STATE OF MIND.
WHERE RU?



No wait a minute, here!!! There are some basic facts about anatomy I think
you're overlooking! <grin> I mean -- where DO you put your legs?  At least one
set sorta has to be on the pool bottom, for stability.  My arms aren't THAT
strong -- I can't secure TWO of us to the poolside, frevvins sake!

However, I hadn't thought about bouyancy compensators.  That enables all sorts
of other possibilities.  But, in my overactive imagination, it still comes back
to the issue of stability -- like the thought of making love in space, just
what DO you anchor yourself to for stability?

<Hugs>

Elna




     Dear Peter:
  I don't think I could do it right now. I'd like to think I'm free enough to
try it, but, well, what the hell do you do when you're standing there and ol'
Ralph comes to attention? There are clothing-optional places around here, but
this fear of having an erection while talking with someone keeps me, among
other things, from going there. I'd be really embarrassed.
  That problem aside, I think I could enjoy it.
         --Larry N.



C'mon Elna!!!! Do you think for a moment, nay nanosecond, that any 2 people,
sober and determined, cannot overcome (heh) a little basic balance problem? I
have described this to the point of a mechanical drawing. If it still boggles
you, lets just find a hot tub or pool. Of course we'll wear swimsuits or
somthin'!!


JIm

Hmmmmm. Sounds interesting.  I have this pool...... It's unheated, except bythe sun, which means it's pretty nearly unswimmable fro
 m late September until
about mid May. I"m still trying to picture things, though.

<Hugs>

Elna



Dear Larry

Although I had that problem the first time I tried it (in the sea) I did not
have it when I went to the pool party recently. There must have been about 60
people there, about 50% male, and I only notice one  person with an erection:
all you need to do is jump in the pool or arrange a towel strategically!

Peter



Well, dear Elna, there are 2 extremes of temperture. And I think the
physiological response that the male 'equipment' gives is well known. I've
never been in a pool tha was cold. They are usually warmed by the sun and still
=very nice!= in the evening at or after dusk, you just have to keep as much of
you underwater as possible. At the other end of the spectrum in the warm
extreme. My wife took me out to dinner (sumptuous feast!) and then to a rented
hot tub in a redwood room. We were both willing but the darn water was SO HOT
that we had to get out and cool both of our bodies down before thermodynamics
would allow us our desires. Still have trouble picturing the form & function do
ya? [checking OAG for next flight to West Coast]<leer><grin>




      Dear Peter:

  Hmmm... I suppose exposure (hee hee) would tend to desensitize me. Still 
scared.

  Were all those people naked? Why have a party that way? I skinny-dip because
it feels good. Standing around naked doesn't sound that interesting, but that's
probably because it's one of those things I've never considered. I'll try to
consider it.

  It's hard though. I work with men who constantly talk about sex as if it's
dirty, and read stuff that really is filthy. I simply can't believe some of the
rags they bring into work. It would be nice to meet some people who are
different, who feel sex isn't that way. I'm not sure exactly what I want.
Openness, I guess.
       --Larry Nelson



Dear Larry

The pool party was "clothing optional". Most people opted not to wear clothes.

You're unlucky in your colleagues, but of course you can meet people here on
 with more open and healthy attitudes to sex.

The party was given by a local Mensa group. I find the people there to be very
interesting and to have a very adult attitude to sex. It might be worth
investigating whether there is a group in your city. Where do you live?

Peter
Hmmmmmm.  Frankly, I've never had a problem with either kind of anatomy in a
hot tub.  I do like to sit on the edge, from time to time, and let the body
cool off, but I find if the ardor is there, the flesh is willing in good time. 
And in the meantime, there is all that delightful byplay!

You've never been in a pool that was cold, huh?  Come dive into my pool during
the winter so I can watch you walk ON water getting out.

<grin>

Elna



I wonder if they make a wet suit thats anatomically correct for males? The hot
tub we used w~as as hot as a theraputic whirlpool - too hot!



Never heard of such a wet suit.  But there MUST be some -- here in Northern
California the ocean currents are COLD -- but there are hundreds of surfers and
abalone divers who wear wet suits and don't seem to hobble all THAT much as
they emerge from the water.

The hot tub you used must have had the wrong thermostat setting -- they can be
individually controlled, and 105 degrees is simply too hot to be bearable for
me, for any length of time.  Different people keep their tubs at different
temperatures.

<Hugs>

Elna


We are going to wear this thread OUT!!!

The hot tub was great for my bad wrist and her bad knee but for the general
plumbing, I agree with you - too much! In addition to causing excessive
dilation of surface and sub-surface blood vessels on me, it was of interest
that I found it to have dilated my wife's vagina a good bit. What was usually a
very good fit became a B-B in a boxcar, if you will. The cooling off period out
of the tub took care of the problem - one of the best birthday presents I've
ever had. Plus she surprised me (and herself) with her inventive spirit!


  I live in Los Angeles, Peter...
  I keep hearing  about Mensa, but haven't been too interested since I know
lots of "intelligent" people who can't think. I don't care for elite
organizations; that's one thing I like about HSX. It's open to anyone with a
modem.
  Are you a Mensa member? What is it like? I'm willing to have my
preconceptions challenged.
  Yes, people here are open, but I only talk with all of you a few hours a week
at most. Work is forty a week. And in person. That's one reason I'm glad I'm
kept busy; I can ignore the others with good reason. I have to get the work
done.
  I'm sure Mensa must have a group out here; I haven't looked. I'd appreciate
your comments.
         --Larry Nelson



Dear Larry

I've recently rejoined Mensa. The quality varies a lot from city to city, but I
know the LA group is very active. * Elna * knows a lot more about Mensa than I
do, and I hope she can fill you in a bit more. They do not seem, to me, to have
an 'elitist' attitude but are a very interesting group of people. I recently
attended a week-end gathering of 600 members at Asilomar, Monterey, and had a
wonderful time. I strongly recommend it. At leat four of the HSX section
leaders are Mensa members - * Lana * and * Charlie * were at Asilomar as well
as * Elna * and myself.



I doubt whether they are topless in South Africa. I was once at the Moulin
Rouge in Paris watching the topless can-can dancers. There was a South African
at my table and his mind was totally blown. He'd never seen anything like it in
that strangely puritanical yet inhumanitarian country. I said "well, let me
tell you what I've seen on stage in Bangkok" but he wouldn't let me ... that was
as much excitement as he could handle for one evening.



Yes, I've tried it, and it's very nice.  The only problem is that it's hard
keeping enough lubrication in the system if you're into any amount of foreplay.
We found that the only way to get around that was about a minute of oral sex
with her standing over me immediately before penetration. (By the way, do any
women find the term "penetration" offensive?  If so, my apologies!)


Why do you think the "New World" is behind the "Old World" in matters of public
nudity?



I'm sure a lot of members would be interested in a directory of nude beaches.
Could you look up the title, author and publisher for us?



In Quebec there are about fifty known nude beaches, including about half a
dozen authorized and maintained by the provincial government.  There are also
about a dozen private clubs, in which membership or visitor's rights are
readily obtainable.  A central coordinating organization in Montreal publishes
a quarterly (in French) the Spring issue of which contains a guide to all of
these places.
        If anyone wants the address of this organization, La Federatsion
quebecoise de naturisme (I sure hate typing French without the accents!) leave
me a note in e-mail.
        .  .  . Richard T.



Book:INTERNATIONAL GUIDE TO NUDE BEACHES AND RECREATION,3rd Ed.Author: Lee
Baxendall.Don't know publisher,but Publishers Central sells it.



Thanks! I'll make a note of that.


I don't.I think. It7s justa natural thing.


