Skin
author unknown

******
 
Harry, was what you would have called a nebbish, if you were being
kind. If you weren't being kind, you might have called him a wimp,
but let's be kind, at least for now. He lived in a large house left to
him by his mother, who was no longer living. The house was just
outside the city in a nice wooded suburb. Which goes to show you
that that it was a very old suburb.

When Harry's mother had been alive, his sister Shelia had lived with
them. But after the death of their mother, Shelia had left for San
Francisco, claiming that Harry was "dull" Harry of course, was an
investment broker. Wether or not he really was dull, he now lived
alone in the big house.

Harry was a small man "round in the middle, and shiny on top" as
Shelia used to say. Referring in one sentence to both his expanding
middle and his receeding hair. Harry thought Shelia was incredibly
clever, even when she was insulting him.

So Harry went on with his life, investing, and going home each night
to the big house in the suburbs. And of course participating in his
hobby. Oh yes, Harry had a hobby. He went to estate sales, and any
other kind of auction he could find, he loved auctions. He loved to
bid, and try to figure out wether the fat man in row five would go
another 13 dollars. He loved to buy up pieces of cast off lives, and
belongings of dead people, and take them home to the big house in
the suburbs.
 
Harry went on doing this, week in and week out, and probably would
have continued indefinitely. Until one day he found something that
changed his life for ever.
 
It was in lot 54, from the Gebling estate. When Harry saw it, he was
instantly intrigued. It was behind an old bureau and a stuffed
wolverine, hanging on a manikin of it's own. It was all wrinkly, and
saggy, ( and a bit dusty too,) but there was no mistaking what it
was. It was the skin of a woman.
 
Harry was both impressed and repulsed at the same time. Was it a
real woman's skin? Or perhaps just a costume? Harry wasn't sure.
But growing in the back of his mind, was the desire to find out.
 

 
When the auction started Harry was distracted, unable to enjoy the
proceedings as he usually did. His mind kept drifting back to lot 54,
and it's odd contents. So when the Auctioneer called out for Lot 54,
and started the biding, Harry was not too surprised to find himself
raising his hand.
 
Harry of course, won the bidding. He did end up going a bit beyond the
limit he had set for himself, but truth to tell, he got a little carried
away. There were several bidders at first, but most of them dropped
out right away, leaving it to Harry, and a Heavily bundled individual,
whom Harry would have refered to as male. When Harry finally won,
the other Man seemed quite out of sorts and stomped out of the room.
Harry had half expected to find the man waiting for him out side,
with a buy out offer. The man was no where to be seen though.

Harry paid for the lot in full, and excepted a place on the auction
house's delivery schedule, some weeks away. He realized he had no
idea what most of the lot was, he couldn't get his mind off that one
item though. He even asked the auction house people to separate it
out for him and put it in his car.
 

 
The ride home was erie. The Workmen had placed the manikin in the
back seat, sitting up. It gave Harry the creeps, as if some one was
sitting there watching him drive, a wrinkly sort of some one. It got
so bad that he finally had to stop and get a blanket out of the trunk.
With the blanket he gently pushed the manikin over, and covered it.
The remainder of the ride was uneventful, much to Harry's relief.

When he got home, he took his purchase up to the sitting room on the
second floor, and put it on the couch. In order to get it to sit straight
on the couch, he was forced to touch it for the first time. Harry was
surprised to find it differed completely from his expectations. His
thought was that it would be hard and leathery. Perhaps even dried
and crumbling. In reality, it was nothing of the kind. The skin, was
supple, pleasant to the touch. It felt like skin, it even seemed to be
slightly warm!
 
Harry set the manikin up, and dusted it off. Then stepped back to
admire his work. It looked like a wrinkly, naked lady, sitting on his
couch. Harry was beginning to wonder what he had seen in it.
Harry went about his routine, putting away the car, and fixing
himself dinner, he ate alone of course. He read the paper, catching up
on the latest stock market reports, and every so often, he would just
check on the skin in the upstairs sitting room. Later, he put on his
pajamas, and brushed his teeth, and finally got into bed.
 
Harry didn't sleep well that night, he tossed and turned quite a bit,
and when he finally did drop off, he dreamed.
 

 

 
In the dream, he couldn't stop thinking about the skin, and what it
had felt like. He found himself wondering if it was still in the other
room, or if it had gotten up and walked away. With this in mind, he
got up, in his dream, and went into the sitting room. There much to
his relief was the skin. But having come this far, he couldn't just go
back to bed.....
 
He walked over to it, and began to stroke the shoulders, enjoying the
soft feel of the skin. He was stroking the neck, when he discovered
the seam. It was in back right up where the head joined the neck.
In the dream, he hesitated only a moment, before he began to 'unzip'
the seam. It wasn't a zipper per say, but very like one. Harry found it
went down  the back, to the top of the crack of the ass. A logical
spot he supposed. Unzipped, the skin seemed quite stretchy, and
Harry was able to pull it's head off that of the Manikin even with out
meaning to. The rest of the skin followed just as easily. And before
Harry knew it, he was sitting there next to a battered female
manikin, and holding a female 'skin' in his hands.
 
The skin felt wonderful. Harry lifted it up, and buried his face in it.
It was so smooth, and soft. He found the dark nipples, and began
licking them. He loved the feel, so much that he wanted to feel it
over more of his body, and he found himself removing his pajama top.
He then proceeded to rub the Skin all over his chest. And then of
course, completely carried away, he removed his pajama bottoms
too.
 
So there he was, naked, sitting on one of his mother's couches,
rubbing a woman skin all over his body. It would have shocked his
poor old mother.  It felt so good, that his small penis, quickly
expanded to it's full size, and he sat there masturbating, by rubbing
the skin all over his body. It was during the bout of sexual fervor
that one hand slipped inside the open seam in the back of the skin,
and Harry realized that it felt just as nice inside, as out......
 
Just as nice inside as out.
 
It was at that moment that he got the idea, after all he thought, it
was too big on the manikin, and if it felt this good to rub it all over
himself, it would probably feel even better to wear. The skin was a
lot like a unitard anyway. In an instant, Harry had decided, he would
put the skin on, he would wear it.
 
Harry started, with his feet. He bent over, and gathered up the
excess in his hands, then he slipped his left foot into the skin. His
whole foot and calf tingled, it was as wonderful as he had imagined.
He quickly followed with his right foot. Then, standing, he eased the
skin up over his knees, and up his chubby thighs.
 
Then for an instant, he paused, and reached down to feel his calves,
and thighs. In the dream, they felt like skin, his own skin, he could
feel the contact from both sides. The woman skin seemed to fit him
perfectly.
 
Pleased with his results thus far he eased the skin the rest of the
way up to his waist. In the process, covering his buttocks, and his
throbbing erection. He now felt the wonderful tingling from his
waist down. Somehow, he realized as he looked down, the Skin had
accommodated his penis. Because, amazingly, he could see no signs
of it from the outside, not even a bulge. Reaching behind himself, he
stroked his buttocks, and was vaguely confused by how big they
seemed, how round. But he was dreaming after all, and it felt so
good.
 
Not wanting to stop, Harry began on his upper body. He slipped his
left arm into the appropriate hole and pulled the skin up, rather like
putting on a long glove, he thought, as he pulled it up to his shoulder.
He flexed his hand inside the skin. It looked slim and graceful in
fact, his whole arm did. His other arm fit just as well as the first.
and soon he was nearly wearing the whole thing, except for the head
and hair, which hung down on his chest. It felt loose on him, so he
reached behind himself and zipped the seam up part way, feeling the
skin become snug, as he did so.
 
Nearly his whole body was tingling now especially his crotch, and
his nipples. It was wonderful, and it was enough to make him want
to take the final plunge. He reached up, and grabbed the edges of the
neck, in back of the head, and nosed his own head down into it. Like
the rest of the Skin, it slipped on easily, covering his own head. The
head of the skin seemed to have eye, nose, mouth, and even ear holes
Harry discovered, because all of his senses seemed to work
perfectly, it was almost as if he wasn't wearing a head piece at all.
Purely by reflex, Harry reached behind him and zipped the seam up
the rest of the way.
 
He was now wearing the woman skin. He stood there feeling the
delicious sensations. from all over his body, but more and more he
realized, the pleasant sensations were centered on his nipples, and
his crotch.
 
Then he looked down.
 
When he had held he skin in his hands it's breasts could have best
been described as flaccid, empty sacks. Those words however, would
have been highly inaccurate, if applied to the fleshy protuberances
Harry now found swelling from his chest. Firm would have been
better, and ripe perhaps better still.
Harry stared down, amazed, it seemed (in his dream) that he now had
breasts!
 
...............really big ones!
 
His nipples, he realized were huge also, and very erect. He reached up
with slim feminine hands and cupped the full mammaries he found
himself endowed with, and was rewarded by a renewed burst of
tingling from his big nipples. Harry was stunned, the breasts felt
incredible. From the outside they were big, soft mounds of flesh,
which slide this way and that as he moved.  From the inside, it was
even better, Harry's nipples felt like tiny erections, each one sending
waves of pleasure through his body as he stroked them. Through his
body, and down to his crotch.
 
He slide his hands down his body, down from the beautiful breasts,
over the tight abdominals, to the smooth muscular thighs. He gazed
at his crotch. There was no sign of his penis, none at all. What
greeted his eyes, and what he felt so much pleasure from, was a
woman's vagina. Between his legs were the soft lips of a female sex
organ. He gently placed a hand on it, and was rewarded by a warm
rush. The lips were sticky, moist. Harry rubbed them with his
fingers, it was wonderful. Then, purely by accident, he discovered
the tiny button at the top of the slit.
 
He moaned, and sank to his knees, his voice was beautiful, and
feminine. He continued to stroke the nub, closing his eyes. He was
dimly aware of his other hand seeking a warm breast, and stroking
it's aching nipple. His consciousness began to sink, slowly, drowning
in the building waves of pleasure. Until all he knew were his
throbbing orgasms, wonderful female orgasms. Then the dream
seemed to fade.
 

 

 

 

 
Harry woke up slowly the next day. The memory of the strange dream
was still tugging at the corners of his mind. He lay there on his
stomach, trying to wake up. The dream had been very strange, what
he could remember of it. Something about a woman, he wasn't sure.
He reached up to brush a long brown curl out of his eyes.
 
A long brown curl..........Harry was close cropped, or so he thought!
 
Suddenly Harry was worried. He rolled over and sat up, pulling back
the covers, but already his body felt wrong to him. He gazed down,
there swelling from his chest, were two firm breasts, they jiggled
slightly as he moved. Harry was shocked, they were the breasts from
his dream! Just as big and round as he remembered them, except they
were real! He really had breasts! He threw off the covers, his hands
grasping for his crotch. But his hands gripped only a feminine mons
and he realized that the change was there too.
 
Harry stared down at his vagina. He was completely stunned. He
swung his slender legs out of the bed, and jumped up. Which caused
his breasts to jiggle and bounce slightly. Harry grabbed them to stop
the motion, God they were big! Still holding his breasts, he headed
for the closet mirror.
 
In front of the mirror, he stopped and stared. The figure starring
back at him was a beautiful young woman, with long dark hair. She
had high cheek bones, and delicate chiseled features. She was tall,
with long legs. She had curvy hips, and cupped in her hands, were her
two beautiful breasts.
 
Harry realized he was looking at his own refection. He stood there
staring, he had never seen this beautiful a woman naked before. He
feasted his eyes on her incredible body.
 
Then slowly, he began to think. The dream, must have been real. He
must really have put on the woman skin, and masturbated. It dawned
on him that he had zipped the woman skin up the back, perhaps it
could be unzipped. He reached behind him, feeling the top of his neck,
and the back of his skull. Sure enough, he found a tiny lump, and after
worrying with it for a moment or two, he got it started, and
unzipped it part way. Then he reached up and grabbed his face and
pulled. Off it popped and Harry found himself staring in to his own
unshaven, male, face, still atop the beautiful female body.
In a moment or two, the skin was once more a flaccid thing in his
hands, and he was once more an over weight, balding man, who was
pushing 40. Needless to say, he was relieved. He stuffed the woman
skin into a bottom drawer, and headed off to take his morning
shower.
 
In the shower, he masturbated again, this time of course, as a man.
He rubbed his small penis until it spurted forth, and then he sagged
down in the shower, drained momentarily.
 

 

 

 

 
Through out the day Harry was distracted, he was totally unable to
concentrate on his job, and he ended up leaving early claiming he
wasn't feeling well.
 

 

 

 

 
By the time he got home he had almost convinced himself that the
experiences of last night and this morning were a creation of his
imagination. I've got to take a vacation he thought. He ate his supper
just as he normally would, and then forced himself to watch at least
a little news.
 
At last he could stand it no longer, and though it was 4 hours before
his normal bed time, he headed upstairs, to get undressed and get
prepared for slumber.
 
Once in his room, he undressed, but rather than don his pajamas or
robe, he wr the woman skin itself. Then he was off to start his day, once 
more male.
 

 

 

 
The day crawled for Harry, and yet as he headed home, he found it
hard to remember what he had done that day.
 

 

 

 
That evening passed much as the previous one had, and at the end of
it he once more climbed into his sister's bed, to masturbate himself
to sleep.
 

 

 

 
The following night was different. Harry had gotten home, donned the
woman skin, masturbated, taken a quick shower, and then headed
down for some dinner. In the kitchen he realized that in his haste to
get home, he had neglected to pick up several key items at the store.
He was non-plussed, and dejectedly he headed back upstairs to once
more become Harry-the-male- nebbish, in order to run his errands.
Just as he was starting to unzip the skin, a thought occurred to him,
why did he have to change? Why not go out as a girl? The thought
excited him! True, he made a very strange looking Harry, but a
perfectly normal girl. There certainly seemed to be no shortage of
female clothing.
 
Harry turned to the bureau which contained Shelia's underwear, and
pulled it open. His heart was beating rapidly. From the drawer, he
selected a pale shell bra, to go with the panties he was wearing.
Never having worn a bra before, it took him a moment or two to
figure it out. Soon however, Harry was slipping his breasts into the
soft cups, and snapping it shut. He was surprised to find the bra fit
fairly well, Shelia must have had the same size breasts, that Harry
did now. Before long Harry had found and donned a pair of women's
Levis, which fit his hips, and a black turtle neck, which was very
tight across his chest. A pair of flat shoes, and the casual outfit
was done.
 
Harry gazed at the girl in the mirror, she had, he realized, rather
messy hair. He picked up the hair brush from the top of the bureau,
and went to work. In only a few minutes the long curly brown hair
fell in neat waves, He picked up a hair tie, and twisted the long
brown curls into a pony tail. Harry was delighted as he watched the
girl in the mirror doing this because as she did it her full breasts
rose and jiggled beneath her turtle neck.
 
Finally Harry headed out. His quick trip to the convenience store was
enough to tell Harry several things: First, as a woman, he was
beautiful, and second, he enjoyed the experience of being a beautiful
woman in public.
 

 

 

 
The next night was different. When Harry got home from work, he
eagerly went upstairs to don the skin. Then however, rather than
masturbate, he began to get dressed. He put on a black garter belt he
had found in Shelia's drawers, and then paused to check his legs.
They appeared to be smooth, so he slipped into the dark stockings
which went with the garter belt. Then he added a pair of black lace
panties on top of the garters. Harry eased his tits into a black push
up brassiere, completing his underwear ensemble. The bra made
Harry's breasts look firmer, and higher, he loved it.
 
Harry rummaged through the bottom of Shelia's closet until he found
a matching pair of black pumps which fit him. Then, he paused to
look at himself in the mirror. The girl he saw reflected was clad in
lacy black underwear, and high heeled shoes, she was he realized,
very sexy. In the closet Harry found a tight black leather skirt.
Eagerly he slipped it on over his wide hips, and zipped it up. Finally,
he found a short top, with big shoulder pads, it was short enough to
leave his midriff bare. The top was warm red, and Harry liked it a
lot, He slipped it on and snapped it up.
 
Fully clothed, Harry turned his attention to make up. Unsure of what
he was doing, Harry went light, a little base, a little color, some
mascara on his lashes, and finally lipstick, a nice shade of red again,
something which matched the top Harry was wearing. Harry placed
the make up in a leather purse he had selected, and began to select
jewelry. He chose a nice broach, and pinned it to the top above his
left breast. Then he picked several bracelets. Harry decided to pass
on rings, he just wasn't fond of them. He received a pleasant
surprise when he selected earrings, his ears were already pierced.
At last Harry was ready.
 
Slinging the purse over one shoulder, and taking one last look at the
girl in the mirror, Harry headed out. He was young, sexy, female, and
ready to party.
 

 
Harry hit the night clubs. He rapidly discovered that for a smile, a
few deep breaths, and a little conversation, almost any guy would
buy him a drink. It was very strange being so popular for a change,
Harry found it very exciting. He introduced himself as "Harriet"
which simplified matters somewhat, as it meant he didn't have
trouble remembering his name.
 
Harriet also discovered dancing. The music was loud and fast, and it
felt wonderful to shimmy and bop out on the dance floor.
 

 

 

 

 
By around one in the morning, after several drinks, Harriet had
migrated to a private back room. In the room with Harriet, was Ken.
Ken had been Harriet's dance partner for the last several hours. Ken
was very ardent. Their bodies were pressed together, and Harriet
was very conscious of the difference in their genders. It felt strange
to Harriet to be hugging a man, but he, or rather she had had several
drinks and her inhibitions were lax. And besides, it felt really nice
to be hugging somebody..........anybody.
 
Harriet giggled as Ken nibbled on her neck, she was finding it very
easy to think of herself as a woman now. Any time she forgot, the
jiggle of her full bosom quickly reminded her. That, and  the fact
that nothing dangled between her legs. Then they were kissing, Ken's
mouth was full on her's and his tongue was probing her mouth. It felt
wonderful.
 
Ken's hands were everywhere, Harriet felt them on her ass, stroking
and gripping. Then Harriet felt the snaps of her top popping one by
one. She smiled, feeling little desire to resist as a hand cupped her
right breast. The hand gently pulled back the demi-cup and eased her
breast out, then it did the same for her other one. Harriet's nipples
grew stiff, and she watched as Ken pulled back, and leaned down to
suck on them, teasing them to even greater hardness.

Harriet leaned back and moaned slightly, it felt wonderful. It was
great to have tits she reflected, they felt so good. I must be really
drunk to let him get away with this she thought. She watched as Ken
squatted before her, and reached up under her skirt. She felt strong
hands stroking her hips, and thighs, and then she felt a tug. Before
Harriet realized what was going on, Ken had pulled off her panties,
lifting her feet up to help her step out of them. Then he stood up
again, and lifted her up on to the table she was leaning against, he
pulled up a chair, and sat down, pushing apart her legs and sitting
between them.

Harriet stared down as Ken hitched up her skirt, she was she
realized almost completely disrobed. Her top was open, and while
she was still wearing her bra, the cups had been peeled back, and her
breasts were bare. Lower down, her skirt was hitched up, and Ken
was gazing hungrily at her naked pussy. As she watched, he leaned
forward and began to kiss and lick her inner thighs. She leaned back
and tilted her pelvis to make it easier for him.  Hungrily, he began to
work his was up her thighs, until at last he reached her crotch.
Tentatively at first he probed her vagina with his tongue, then with
more fervor he began to kiss and lick it. Harriet gasped as his tongue
found her clitoris. Panting, she watched as his head began to bob up
and down. He was eating her! He was performing cunnilingus. Waves
of pleasure began to lap at Harriet's consciousness. She leaned back,
and began to moan softly, it felt wonderful. Ken's tongue felt so
good.
 
Despite the fact that a stranger was performing cunnilingus on her
in a public place, Harriet rapidly achieved orgasm. Before she knew
it, she was moaning joyfully, as her drenched pussy spasmed in Ken's
face. Giggling, she leaned even further back on the table while Ken
continued to eat her. She came and came again reveling in the
sensations.
 
At last Ken stopped and lifted his head, Harriet could see a drop of
saliva hanging from his chin. Slowly Harriet sat up, she was still
spasming a bit, so it wasn't easy. She eased herself off the table and
into Ken's lap. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him,
she could taste the musty smell of her own pussy on his lips.
"That was wonderful," she whispered, "I've never come so much in my
life."
 
"Happy to be of service ma'am," he replied smiling. He leaned forward
 harden again. The voice belonged to Ken, the man whose penis Harry had 
sucked. The man who had sucked Harry's pussy, and nipples, and made him 
feel so good.....
 
"Y-yes, this is Harriet," stammered Harry.
 
"Hi baby, I thought about you a lot last night." said Ken.
 
"I thought about you too," Said Harry blushing. He could still feel Ken
tongue on his thighs.
 
"What d'you say? Want to get together again tonight?"
 
"O-okay," said Harry his heart hammered in his chest. What was he
doing!?
 
"Well aright then," said Ken. "I'll pick you up at.....say 6 o'clock?"
 
"Sure," whispered Harry.
 
"Alright! See you then."
 
Harry sank down to the ground. He had a date, with a man! A man with
whom he had already had oral sex! What might happen tonight?

Suddenly he couldn't stand it any more, he had to be himself again.
When Ken came, he could make a excuse, claim that 'Harriet' was his
sister, and she'd gone out.
 
Harry reached for the zipper, desperate to doff the woman skin, but
to his surprise it didn't seem to be there. It was only after several
minutes of frantic searching that he a last found it.
 

 

 
                            *     *     *     *     *
 

 

 
Harry's resolve held until almost 5:30. As the day wore on Harry
thought more and more about how much fun he had had last night,
how nice it had been to spend time with someone else. By 5:26 he had
the woman skin in his hands, and by 5:28, he was putting it on again.
By 5:30 he was once more the beautiful young woman that Ken knew
as Harriet.
 
Harry stood there holding his breasts and trembling. The choice was
simple, be a middle aged overweight balding man, and stay home. Or
be a beautiful young woman, go out, have fun, and maybe even......... no,
he couldn't bare to think that.

In a flash, the decision was made, and Harry was standing in front of
Shelia's underwear drawer. He quickly slipped on some beige panties,
and eased his breasts into the cups of a matching bra. He slipped on a
pair of pantyhose, and then went to look for a dress.
 
In what seemed like no time at all, Harry was wearing a ruby hued
cotton pullover dress, and a pair of black pumps. He spared a quick
glance at himself as he put in his earrings. The dress he noted clung
deliciously to his curves, outlining the softness of his hips and
breasts. With a shiver that was half anticipation, and half fear and
revulsion, he realized that Ken would probably like the way the dress
made his body look....a lot.
 
Harry was just putting the finishing touches on his make up when
the doorbell rang. He turned toward the door his heart pounding with
excitement, he could feel his big nipples stiffening. Feeling every
inch a woman, Harry headed for the door.
 

 

 
The date was wonderful, they ate seafood a harbor side restaurant,
and then went dancing and drinking a local club. They danced a lot,
Harry especially liked the slower numbers when they could dance
close, and Ken's hands would drift down and cup Harry's firm
buttocks. Then he would pull their pelvis's together, just for a
second. It felt naughty, but Harry loved it, even though it made his
crotch feel hot and wet.
 
Later that night, they took a cab to Ken's apartment in the city, for a
night cap. Harry sat on the couch, and kicked off his pumps. Then he
pulled his legs up under him as he'd seen other women do. Harry was
confused, he was keenly aware that he currently looked like a
woman, and that Ken found him very attractive. At the same time he
could feel a life time of manhood telling him he was acting gay.
Still, Ken was witty and charming, and Harry was having more fun
then he could remember having in a long time. Also, looking at Ken
made Harry's nipples hard, and his crotch warm and wet.
 
Ken came over to the couch, and handed Harry a brandy snifter, with
brandy in it no less. Harry sipped and peered shyly over the rim at
Ken as he sat down on the couch. They chatted idly for a few
moments, and then Ken put down his glass, and slide  closer to Harry
on the couch.
 
Ken laid his had on Harry's thigh, and began to stroke it gentily.
"Have I told you that's a beautiful dress you're wearing?" he asked.

"No," giggled Harry as Ken blew in his ear.
 
"Well it is," Ken responded, kissing Harry's neck. His hand drifted up
and stroked Harry's right breast.
 
"That's not my dress," He said as he felt his nipple grow firmer.
 
"I guess you're right," breathed Ken as he began to kiss Harry on the
lips.
 
"Mmmmmm," moaned Harry.
 
Ken's tongue gently probed Harry's, and his hand continued to stroke
Harry's right breast.
 
Harry shifted slightly, slipping more firmly into Ken's arms. They
continued to kiss, and Harry felt Ken's hand slip from her breast,
around behind her. A moment later, she felt a tugging at the back of
her collar. Ken was unzipping the dress. Harry giggled again. The
tugging continued, and it slip down to the belt she was wearing.
Ken's hand found it's way to the front again, and unbuckled the belt.
then it stroked Harriet's breast again before returned to the zipper.
With her dress completely unzipped, Harriet sat up, and smiled
demurely at Ken, holding out her hands. Ken smiled back and reached
around behind her and pulled on the two halves of the dress, sliding
it forward, and off her arms and top. Then Harriet stood up and let
Ken slide it down off her hips before sitting down again, clad now
only in her underwear.
 
Ken reached out and cupped her breasts in his hands. "Maybe it wasn't
the dress that was beautiful," he said.
 
"Oh?" responded Harriet raising an eyebrow.
 
"Mmm-humh," said Ken as he unclipped her bra, "must be you're
underwear." Ken slipped the bra down off her shoulders and it joined
 
her dress on the floor. "No," he continued as he gazed at Harriet's big
breasts, "no, that's not it either."
 
"What then?" asked Harriet sweetly.
 
"You, just you," said Ken as he stroked her breasts again.
 
"Me?" asked Harriet, "or my breasts?"
 
"Those too," said Ken gazing down enthralled as Harriet's nipples
stiffened in his hands.
 
Harriet smiled and leaned forward to unbutton Ken's shirt, and then
slip it off of him. Then she stood up and swung one leg over his,
facing away from him. Then, arching her back, she bent over to pull
off his shoes, thrusting her ass in his face in the process.

"Oohhh, baby!" moaned Ken, and Harriet felt his hands on her ass
stroking her cheeks, and inner thighs.
 
Harriet smiled again, as she pulled off Ken's shoes. "Like what you
see handsome?"
 
"Oh-yeah!" affirmed Ken, slipping his hand between her legs and
cupping her crotch, causing her to gasp with pleasure.
 
Harriet stood there, moaning softly, as Ken gently rubbed her vulva.
She felt Ken's hands slide over her buttocks and grip her pantyhose
and panties and slowly begin to pull them down. He eased them over
her hips and down her thighs, until at last she stood before him,
naked. Ken's fingers began to stroke her vulva again, but this time
there was nothing in between his hand and Harriet's crotch. She
could feel his fingers tracing the moist line, slipping in between her
vaginal lips, just a little of the way.
 
With some effort, she pulled his hand away from her crotch, and
turned to face him.
 
"Okay, let's get those pants off buster." she said. She knelt down in
front of him and began to fumble with his belt. Ken grinned down at
her and reached out to stroke and fondle her breasts. Harriet gasped
as he pinched her already stiff nipples. Despite the distraction, she
was able to unbuckle Ken's belt, and unzip his pants. But then she
paused momentarily unable to concentrate due to the feel of his
hands on her breasts. It felt so good. Finally, summoning all her will
power she pushed his hands away, and began to tug at his pants and
managed to get them down to his knees, from there it was easy to
pull them off the rest of the way.
 
Harry stared down at Ken, he was wearing only his underwear, and
she could see that he had an erection. She knelt down and began to
tug at his underwear, a hungry look began to fill her eyes. Off came
his briefs and for the second time Harry stared at Ken's stiffening
cock.
 
Harry gazed at Ken's growing erection. There they were, a man and a
woman, naked, and aroused sexually. Harry looked down at herself
for a second, her big tits filled her view, her nipples were huge and
stiff, and they tingled. Below that she could see her mons veneris.
What she saw excited her even more.
 
She leaned forward pushing apart Ken's knees, and reached for his
cock. With her breasts brushing against ken's thighs, she encircled
the head of his penis with her lips and began to lick it with her
tongue. She pulled even more of it into her mouth by sucking on it,
and leaning further forward. Ken moaned with pleasure. Harry made
her head go up and down by sucking in and then pulling back, sucking
in, then pulling back. She was doing it again she realized, she was
sucking a man's cock, only now she couldn't figure out why she had
thought it strange, why she had disliked the idea.
 
Ken's cock was stiff and he was breathing in short sips now. With a
deep gasp, he managed to pull Harry's mouth from his penis. There
was an audible pop as he did so. Harry knelt there, her head in his
hands, his cock bobbing inches from her face, gazing up into Ken's
eyes. She reached out with her long tongue and gave the penis one
final lick.
 
"Easy there sweetheart," gasped Ken. "Save a little something for
later."
 
Harry pouted, "if you insist....."
 
"I do, here....."
 
Ken stood up and pulled Harry up with him, and then led her into what
turned out to be the bedroom. Ken turned to smile at Harry.
 
"Hop on," He said.
 
Harry smiled back at him and climbed onto the bed, crawling on all
fours till she reached the head board. Then she rolled over, and
spread her legs. Gazing up at Ken, she whispered "hop on," she didn't
even try to keep the excitement out of her voice.
 
Ken's eyes widened and he scrambled up onto the bed, and lowered
himself down in between Harry's legs.
 
As Ken climbed on top of him, Harry came to the realization that he
was about to make love to a man. Or rather was already making love
to a man, and was in fact about to have intercourse with him. Not
only that but for the past several minutes he had been 

FIN 
