Archive-name: 3plus/slavgrl1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Slave Girl


    I was all set to go up north to our cabin on the lake for the weekend.
I had made plans with several of my friends, and we were all going to meet 
at the cabin Friday night for two wonderful days away from the city, our
jobs, and our families.  Just the "boys" with nothing to do or worry about.
    I came home from work early Friday and started to pack the car.  I was
just about finished when my wife walked out with a suitcase.
    "What the hell is that?" I asked.
    "Just some things I'll need for the weekend.  I'm going with you to keep
you guys out of trouble." 
    "No way!" I said, "This is for the guys only.  You would be the only 
female there."
    "Sounds like fun to me, I always wanted to go on one of these weekends
of yours to see what you guys really do for two days.  For all I know, you
might have a woman up there and you all take turns with her."
    "Don't I wish!" I said.  I had to think of something to get her to stay
home.  She would probably spoil the weekend for the other guys, not to 
mention mine.  "If you go, you'd probably wind up having to do everything
for us.  You know, get this, do that.  You'd wind up being a slave!" 
    Debbie opened the car door, and turning to look me in the eye, said "Just
what I'm hoping for.  I'm your slave for the weekend.  Whatever you tell me
to do, I'll do.  What ever you want me to give, I'll give.  I'm ready to be
a total slave to your every command, no holds barred, or should I say, no
holes barred..."  With that, she sat down in the front seat and shut the
door.
    I stood by the open trunk in total amazement.  We had always had sexual
fantasies about this kind of thing, but we had never actually gone through
with it.  Here she was, implying that she would go to a cabin with six men
and put out for all of them!  I was excited by the idea, but I didn't want
to ruin my marriage by getting the wrong meaning from what she had said.  I
shut the trunk and got in behind the wheel, then turned towards Debbie and
gave her a long look.
    "I'm not sure I heard that right," I said, "are you suggesting that you
will do anything I say if I let you go?"
    Debbie smiled at me and said "No, that's not quite what I meant."  My face
must have shown my disappointment, for she leaned over and gave me a soft,
wet, open mouthed kiss and said "What I meant was I will do anything for 
anybody, whenever and however they want, as long as I don't get hurt doing
it.  My only desire is to please you, and I know you've wanted to see me
get it on with other men, so lets go and do it, just this once!"
    I put my arm around her and pulled her close to me, my left hand caressed
her nice 36-C tits (no bra!) and rubbed her hard, pointed nipples.  I kissed
her, and her mouth opened to accept my probing tounge.  Normally Debbie is
somewhat aggressive when we kiss, but she seemed to be, well, submissive is
the word.  I brushed my lips across her cheek, nibbled her neck, and then
wispered in her ear.
    "You'll have to fuck your brains out."
    "I want to."
    "You'll be sucking cock all weekend."
    "I want to."
    "You'll probably wind up getting it up your ass."
    "I want to."
    I looked in her eyes again.  Her face was flushed, and she had that 'I'm
fuckable' look in her eyes.  She looked back at me and said "Please, lets go.
I can't wait to get started."


    It took almost three hours to get up to the cabin.  Debbie and I hardly 
said a word on the way there.  She curled up in her seat and fell asleep, and
I figured she was going to need all the rest she could get, so I tried not to
disturb her.  She woke up just as we were pulling onto the two dirt ruts that
served as a road back up into the trees to our cabin.  She yawned, stretched,
and then winked at me.  "I hope you haven't changed your mind," she said, "I
am ready to be the focus of a two day gang-bang.  Will it bother you to see
me putting out for everyone?"
    "I won't be jealous, if that's what you mean." I replied.  "And as far as
being 'bothered', I won't be as long as you're putting out for me, too!"
    "Count on it, honey."
    I had left early, so no one had arrived yet.  Debbie and I unpacked the 
car and carried everything in.  The cabin had a slight musky smell from being
closed up for several weeks.  There was one big room, a combination of living
room and kitchen, and a smaller room with a big brass double bed.  Taking her
suitcase into the bedroom, Debbie mumbled something about "getting ready".  I
worked on the bigger room, checking on the supplies and storing the food and
beer I had brought.  I carried in some firewood, for the nights get a little
cool, and set up the fireplace with kindling and wood, ready for the touch of
a match to set it blazing.
    I had just finished when a car pulled up.  I looked outside and saw John 
and Dave getting out.  John was a tall, muscular ex-football player, while
Dave was shorter and slightly overweight.  They were working the cramps out
of their bodies from the drive up, and were talking and laughing.  
    Debbie poked her head out of the bedroom and asked who was here.
    "John and Dave," I said.  
    "Don't tell them I'm here yet, and don't let them in here.  Yell when 
everyone is here and I'll come out and surprise them. O.K.?"
    "You got it, sex slave!" I agreed.
    "Not yet, but I'm sure I will, sex master!" she answered, and then shut
the door again.
    I went outside to greet John and Dave, and as we exchanged handshakes 
Bob's van pulled up with Mike and Paul.  The three of them lived close by
each other and had driven up together, as usual.  The six of us had all met
at college, and we got together often to relax.  The usual banter determined
that we had plenty of beer, junk food, and herb to last the weekend.  As we
entered the cabin Mike mentioned that he had brought some dynamite fuck films
for us to watch.
    "I brought something better than fuck films," I said, "I brought us a 
real live fuck."
    Everyone stopped in their tracks.  "What the hell is that supposed to 
mean?" asked Mike.
    "Well, I know this is going to sound strange, but Debbie begged to come
along, and she's agreed to provide for our every desire.  I hope you don't
mind fucking my wife, I don't, and she sure wants to."
    "Yeah, right.  Like I really believe that!" Bob said.  He looked at the
door to the bedroom and said "I suppose she's in there naked and waiting for
us, too."
    "I'm not sure if she's naked yet.  Let's get one thing straight, we're
serious about this, I'm going to share her with all of you under these
conditions:  don't get rough, and don't try to continue this later without
me being around.  Agreed?"
    They all voiced agreement, but I could tell most doubted it was for real.
They probably figured I was pulling a trick of some kind, and they were
waiting for the punch line.  I figured the "trick" was Debbie's to pull, so
I turned to the door and yelled "We're all here and wondering if you're
naked yet!"
    Debbie opened the door and walked out.  She wasn't naked, but she didn't
have much on, either.  She was wearing a black, lacy top that tied in the
front and barely contained her tits.  The one string holding the two sides
together looked ready to snap, and left her skin exposed from the black
satin neck band down to her navel.  The top was short, barely reaching her
smooth stomach.  She was wearing black shorts, very brief and made of a
soft terrycloth that molded itself to the contours of her pussy and ass.  
There was a small wet spot where the shorts dipped into her pussy, and I
could tell by her flushed face that she was primed and ready.
    "No, I'm not naked yet.  Do you want me to be?"  Her voice was charged
with emotion, and she fingered the tie to her skimpy top.  I looked at the
others, and all were standing with their mouths open and staring at Debbie.
The sound of their breathing was loud, and I could see several were already
sporting hard-ons.
    "Well, what do you say, guys?  Do we want her naked?" I asked.
    "Yes!" "You bet!" "Fuckin A!"
    "You heard the answer, Debbie," I said.  "We want you naked."
    With a small, nervous smile, Debbie pulled the tie and released her tits
from the top.  A collective groan from the guys (including me!) let her 
know the effect she was having on us.  She slid her arms out of the sleeves
and let it fall to the floor.  She stood in front of us for a moment, her
arms at her sides, her shoulders back and her magnificent tits thrust out
towards us, the nipples obviously swollen and hard.  Then she slowly slid
her hands down to her shorts, hooked her thumbs in the waistband, and ever
so slowly slid the shorts off.  She was trembling as she exposed her dark
bush, then her visably damp pussy.  She parted her legs slightly to pull the
shorts from her slit, and when she got them to her knees they fell the rest
of the way to the floor.
    She stepped away from the pile of clothes and walked up to the six of
us.  "I'm naked and ready.  Do what you want with me."  The response was 
immediate.  Mike looked at the VCR tapes in his hand and threw them on the
couch.  Five pairs of hands reached out and touched her, sliding all over 
her body.  Debbie stood still while ten hands explored every inch of her,
squeezing her tits, tweaking the hard nipples as she moaned with delight.
    Since I was participating in a visual way only, I stepped back to give
the others more room.  They moved in like animals in heat.  Debbie threw 
her head back and closed her eyes as several hands moved down to her pussy.
Paul pulled one of her thighs, forcing her legs farther apart, and Debbie
shuddered as he drove several fingers into her exposed snatch. 
    "Man, is this babe ready to fuck!" he exclaimed, "She's soaking wet
in here!  Nice and tight, too!  Jeremy, you're one lucky son of a bitch to
have this to come home to!"
    "She gives great head, too!" I yelled from across the room.
    "Damn!"  Bob's incredulous voice rang out, "Her ass is greased already!
She's ready for more than just fucking."
    I finished loading the pipe from the bag on the table and walked back
towards the group grope.  John was holding Debbie up with his hands cupped
under her tits, his thumbs and forefingers pinching and pulling at her rock
hard nipples.  Mike and Paul were sharing her pussy and clit, while Bob and
Dave were taking turns probing her ass.  The sight really turned me on, 
watching Debbie's entire body being ravaged by five sex crazed men.
    "I'm ready to cum in my pants" John muttered.
    Debbie's head snapped erect and her large brown eyes opened and looked
deep into John's.  "Please don't.  Cum in my mouth instead."  Debbie said.
"I want to suck your cock and swallow your cum."  She slid down to her knees
and reached out and started opening John's pants.  She had a little trouble
getting the zipper past the massive bulge in his pants, and when she finally
got his pants open his briefs were stretched out several inches from his body
by a huge hard-on.  Debbie slid her hands over his hips and pushed the back
of his jeans down, while her hungry mouth kissed and sucked at his pole 
through his briefs.  Getting his pants down to his ankles, she reached back
up and grabbed his briefs.  As she pulled his underpants off, her lips and
tongue were busy on his cock, licking the entire length of the shaft and
planting soft, wet kisses on his balls.  Her hands free again after removing
his shorts, she grasped the base of his shaft with one hand and his ass
cheek with the other.  Her fingers barely closed around his thick cock, which
looked to be about a foot long.  Her hand slid up the shaft, and as it neared
the top a large drop of clear pre-cum formed on the head of his prick.
    Debbie slowly rubbed the shiney fluid around her lips, running her hand
down to the base and back up, licking the second drop off of his swollen
head and bringing it back into her mouth.  Tilting her head back and looking
up at John's face, she begged him to fuck her mouth.  She opened her mouth 
wide and placed the head of his immense prick to her lips.  She had both of
her hands on his ass cheeks now, and had to stretch her mouth open even 
more to get the massive head into her mouth.  Her breathing was rapid and
loud through her nose, as there was no way any air could get past her 
stuffed lips.
    "No fucking way." Mike said.  "She can't possibly suck that monster!"
    But Debbie is one of the world's greatest cock suckers, and I knew from
her determination that she was going to get it all in her mouth.  Sure
enough, her breathing seemed to stop as she pulled on John's ass, driving
his huge cock deeper into her mouth.  She still had several inches left
when her head was pushed back by the head of his prick hitting the back of
her mouth.
    She pulled it out slightly and started panting through her nose again.
She lifted her ass higher and worked her knees back away from John, making
a straight line for his cock to slide down her throat, and with a few 
final deep breaths, once again pulled his ass towards her face.  The sight
was incredible!  Watching as inch after massive inch disappeared into her
open mouth.  She reached the point she had before, and with a slight pause,
drove several more inches in.  Her back arched as she gagged, and the gag
reflex, along with her hands clamped on John's ass, drove the final few
inches down her throat.  She held him there for a second, and then started
a slow withdrawl, stopping again when she was able to pant through her 
nose.  Again a deep breath, and again she sucked him all in, this time
without a pause as she took it straight down her throat.  Her body arched
again as she gagged on the last few inches, but still didn't stop until 
her nose was pushed flat against John's pubic hair.  A shorter pause, a
quicker pull-out, a fast breath, and another straight stroke down her
throat.  Over and over, faster and faster, Debbie was taking over fourteen
inches of thick cock in her mouth.  John's knees started to buckle, and he
grabbed the back of her head and started ramming his massive tool into her
open mouth.  She gagged on every stroke, but never tried to stop him.  With
one final, long thrust, John buried his entire cock into Debbie's available
mouth and held it there, bucking as he started to cum down her throat.  I
watched as Debbie, too, stopped moving, and saw her throat muscles moving
rhythmically as she swallowed and swallowed and swallowed.
    Finally, after drinking what must have been gallons of cum, Debbie
pulled the cock out of her mouth and took a deep breath.  Licking her lips,
she looked at the rest of us and said "Anyone else want to feed me?"
    We were shedding our clothes as fast as we could.  I had fired up the
bowl during Debbie's cock sucking performance, and we were all pretty high
by now.  John had staggered back to the couch and colapsed, mumbling how
nobody had ever been able to suck him all in like that.
    "Let's get her on the bed so we can get at her easier" I suggested, and
when everyone agreed (except John, who was still mumbling to himself), I
helped her to her feet.  Debbie smiled at me and whispered "How am I doing
so far, honey?  Am I earning my keep?"
    "No time for that now, Debbie" I replied.  "You still have five more
loads of cum to take care of!"  I squeezed her ass as she turned and moved
off to the bedroom.  
    "I want to eat some pussy before you guys mess it all up."  Dave said as
he took her hand and walked with her to the bed.  She let him lead her and
turned towards him when they reached the edge of the bed.  "How do you want
me?" she asked.  "What do you want me to do?"
    "Just lie down on your back and spread your legs, honey, and I'll do the
rest."
    Debbie did as she was told, climbing up on the bed and lying down in the
center.  She spread her legs wide, tucking her heels up against her ass so
her knees were flat against the bed.  Her pussy lips were wide open too, 
giving us all a clear view of both of her holes.  As I gazed at the cunt I'd
fucked so often it was like I was seeing it for the first time.  Her mound of
soft, fine hair, the light fuzz along her inner thighs, her pink inner slit 
with her clit standing at attention.  I looked at her tight brown ass hole
with it's visible coating of K-Y Jelly, and watched as her pussy blossomed 
open like a flower and a shiney rivlet of pussy juice slid out and down the
crack of her ass, disappearing into her slightly open ass.
    My view of her magnificent snatch was blocked as Dave dove into her open
crotch, burying his head between her legs.  His hands grabbed her knees and
drove them even further apart while he stuck his tongue deep into her hot
pussy.  Debbie moaned, obviously enjoying his attention to her own needs, and
reached her hands above her head and grabbed onto the headboard of the brass
bed.  It was then that I noticed that she had prepared the bedroom for all
kinds of sexual play.  Two ropes were tied to the outside bars of the bed's
brass poles, and two more were tied to the foot of the bed.  I pulled one of
the lower ropes out from under the bed and examined it.  The other end of the
rope was attached to a band of elastic looking material with a velcro type
fastener.  Debbie was ready and willing to be tied to the bed and forced to
put out, but I knew the ropes were really unnecessary, because Debbie was 
ready and willing to put out without them. 
    "Excuse me fellas," Mike said as he moved towards the bed "but I hate to
waste a perfectly available mouth."  Debbie had heard his comment and her
mouth opened as he straddled her chest, kneeling just inside her armpits and
forcing her to keep her arms above her head.  Mike wrapped his hand around 
his prick and started rubbing it all over her face, leaving trails of pre-cum
on her chin, upper lip, and cheeks.  Debbie's tongue danced over his cock
whenever it came near, her saliva adding to the juices he was rubbing all over
her face.  Mike started pumping his shaft up and down with his hand, his
every outward stroke bringing another drop of cum to decorate her lips and
chin with.  His stroke got faster and faster, and he grabbed the back of her
head and pulled it off the bed until her chin was resting on her chest.  He
held his cock out of reach for a moment, and Debbie got the message and opened
her mouth wide and extended her tongue, giving him a target to shoot for.
Mike layed the head of his cock on the end of her tongue and continued to 
whack away for a moment or two longer.  Suddenly he shuddered and a thick
wad of milky white cum shot out of his cock and into Debbie's waiting mouth.
The next stroke brought another wad of cum shooting out, but Mike's aim was
off and it splattered across her upper lip, nose, and by her eye.  The third
and forth spurt again made it into her mouth, and I could see them hitting the
back of her throat and sliding down out of sight.  Two more weaker pulses left
a puddle of cum on her tongue, some running off the side and down on her neck.
Debbie still held her mouth open and her tongue out, letting Mike cum where
he wanted.  Finally finished, he slid his cock along her tongue, pushing most
of the cum off, leaving it drip from the sides of her mouth and down her chin.
As his head entered her mouth her cheeks were drawn in as she sucked his tube
dry.
    As Mike climbed off the bed I noticed that while I had been engrossed in
watching her face get fucked again, Dave had changed positions.  While his
hands still held her knees wide, he was now driving his cock deep into Debbie's
pussy instead of his tongue.  Like John, Dave was pretty well endowed, not
quite as thick but at least as long, if not longer.  He was looking down as
he fucked her, watching his prick alternately appear and disappear down her
love tunnel.  With each stroke out her tight pussy tried to turn inside out
as it gripped his pole, each stroke in made her pussy lips try to roll in
with his thrusting cock.  His shaft glistened with lubricating pussy juice,
and a large wet spot under her ass showed she had had at least one orgasm
already.  His tempo of thrusts was increasing, his balls slapping against
her ass as he bottomed out in her.  Her tits were rolling in small circles in
time to his penetrations.  Debbie was still grabbing on to the headboard, and
I could still see Mike's cum all over her face, neck and shoulders.  Her head
lolled back and forth, eyes closed and mouth open.  No doubt about it, she
was getting her brains fucked out.  
    Dave was pounding away in a frenzy now, and Debbie arched her back as
he started shouting obscenities at her.  His shaft was now covered with a
white, creamy foam as he whipped up the cum he was shooting into her.  Dave,
like John and Mike before him, slowed to a stop with a dazed look in his
eyes.  His shrinking cock popped out of her pussy and a river of cum poured
out after it, coating her cunt and ass with creamy white jism.  Dave rolled
off the bed and fell onto the floor, totally spent.
    Debbie, too, had passed out on the bed.  Bob, Paul and I looked at each
other.  "I suppose we have to wait for her to wake up before it's our turn"
Paul said.
    "Fuck, no!" I said, "Debbie can fuck in her sleep, believe me!  She'll
wake up as soon as we start porking her and she'll do it all night long."
I looked at my wife, spread out on the bed with cum all over her, and knew
what we had to do to her next.
    Bob was squeezing his cock hard, trying to hold back his load until he
was into Debbie.  "I can't wait much longer, guys.  Who's next?"
    "Why should any of us wait?" I asked.  "She has three fuckable openings,
and we have three cocks to fill them with.  Let's all do her together!"  I
saw a slight smile appear on Debbie's lips, and knew she was somewhat aware
of what we were planning, and approved of the idea.  I knew she was ready
for it, but I wanted to make it even kinkier.  "Let's roll her over and tie
her to the bed.  She loves to be bound and helpless."
    The three of us rolled her over onto her stomach and secured her wrists
and ankles with the cuffs she had prepared.  There was enough slack in the
ropes to allow her to move to her hands and knees, but not enough to reach
the bindings to free herself nor permit her to close her legs.  Debbie was
awake and waiting for us to assault her, and we wasted no time getting in
position.  Paul slid face up between her thighs, his cock rock hard and
sticking straight up.  As his cock slid under her, he reached up and grabbed
both of her ass cheeks and impaled her cum filled cunt on his spike.  She
squirmed her hips, drawing her knees as far forward as the ropes would 
permit, then arched her back and opened her mouth to accept Bob's offered
tube steak.  I got behind her and placed my knees between Paul's closed legs
and her spread ones.  Bob and Paul were already driving their members into
her eager orafices.  Each time Bob stuffed his cock down her throat he would
drive her back towards me, so I aimed my cock at her greased ass hole and
waited.  The next deep trust down her throat pushed her back onto my waiting
rod, and as the head entered her incredibly tight ass I shoved the full 
length in with one quick stroke.  I could feel her ass contract at the
invasion, but I ignored the muffled moan from her cock filled mouth and began
to ream out her poop shoot.  I could feel Paul's cock through the thin
membranes between her pussy and her ass, and set up a counter thrust so that
either his cock or mine was driving in at all times.  Bob countered with his
own tempo, cupping both hands over Debbie's ears and keeping his cock deep in
her mouth most of the time.  Debbie showed the extent of her cock-sucking
artistry by pushing her talented tongue out past his cock and lapping at his
balls as he fucked her mouth.  
    Bob was already on the verge, and this extra effort by a girl getting
fucked by three guys at once was too much for him.  He let out a loud yell
and Debbie made obvious sucking sounds as she took all his cum and sucked
for more.  Thrust after thrust, Debbie swallowing with each one.  Bob must
have had extra balls hidden somewhere, Debbie said later she thinks she
swallowed a quart of his hot jism before he subsided.
    I could feel Paul erupting in her cream filled love nest.  Muscular 
contractions of Debbie's cunt told me she was having another orgasm, but I
still wasn't ready to quit.  Bob jumped off the bed and ran into the bathroom,
and we could hear a long splash as he urinated heavily.  Paul, also done,
crawled out from underneath Debbie and lay on the floor, watching as I got
down to business and started to really fuck Debbie's ass.  She dropped her
head and shoulders down on the bed, and although she was whimpering and
moaning, she began to push her ass towards me with every thrust.  I grabbed
her hips and increased the tempo, giving her all I had.  I felt her asshole
open up, as she totally relaxed and took what she was getting.  My cum
boiled up out of my raging cock and I buried my shaft deep and shot load 
after load of hot sperm into her.  It was the most incredible climax I had
ever experienced, and I, too, felt like I poured a quart of cum up her ass.
    As I started to shrink, her ass contracted and forced my cock out.  Her
legs were shaking and she slid down to lie flat on the bed.  She turned her
head to the side and murmured "That was the answer to all my fantasies.  I
am one fucked out lady."
    I looked at the clock by the bed, and as she fell asleep I whispered in
her ear "Rest up, baby.  You've been fucking for only an hour, and we still
have two more days to go.  I'm sure we'll all be back for lots more."
    Debbie opened one eye and smiled at me.  "Just wake me up.  I'm going to
give anything, anytime.  Remember?"  Then her eye closed again as she fell
asleep, still tied to the bed.



    John was just waking up as the rest of us walked into the living room.
    "Boy, did I have a crazy dream..." he started to say, then stopped as
he realized his pants were still down around his ankles and we were all
naked.  "No dream, eh?  I still can't believe it happened!"
    "It happened, buddy, and we all watched," Dave said.  "But don't feel
bad, we didn't believe it either!"
    "Where'd Debbie go?  I want to thank her for the best blow job of my
entire life."
    "She's tied to the bed, sleeping.  She just finished getting a load from
the rest of us, and she's resting up until we want her again,"  I answered. 
"By the way, anytime you guys want some more, help yourself.  Don't worry
about asking me first, and don't bother asking her.  Just tell her what you
want, and I'm sure she'll provide."
    We loaded another bowl and fired it up.  Sitting around the table, all
anyone could talk about was Debbie's ability to suck and fuck.  I re-loaded
the bowl again and got up, leaving the group at the table and walking back
into the bedroom.  Debbie woke up as I sat on the edge of the bed next to 
her and she smiled.
    "I did O.K., didn't I?  Nobody was disappointed with me, were they?"
    "Honey, you did so O.K. those guys will worship you for life!  They're
out there talking about what you did and planning what they want from you
next.  Here," I said, lighting the pipe and putting it to her lips, "suck
on this for a while."
    Debbie took several big hits from the pipe.  She was still tied up and
didn't seem to mind, and I had no intention of letting her go yet.  "How
are you feeling?" I asked.  "Ready for more?"
    I had meant more pot, but Debbie misread my meaning and said "I'll be
ready for more all weekend.  I can't wait to get stuffed again by John's
cock, it was huge!  And the three of you on me at once was such a trip that
I came almost the entire time!  I hope I get it that way again!"
    I bent down and kissed her, rubbing her tits and feeling the dried cum
on them.  She was still kissing in the submissive, open mouth style that was
so new and exciting to me.  I ran my hand down her back, over her ass cheeks,
and down the crack of her ass to her pussy.  It was incredibly slippery and
wet, as were her thighs and ass. 
    "I've been leaking cum since you guys left," she said.  "I can feel it
running out of my pussy and ass.  I'm going to need a fill up soon, or I'll
be empty."
    "Honey," I said, "I doubt if you'll be empty all weekend.  I'm almost 
ready to go again, and I was the last to cum.  I'm sure the others have
talked themselves hard by now, and will be pumping some more in you before
long!"
    I had just finished saying that when John poked his head in the door.
    "I heard that," he said, "and I'm here to make sure you don't run dry!"
    He walked into the room naked, having removed the rest of his clothes
before coming in.  His huge cock was sticking straight out from his body,
hanging slightly down from it's weight, but definately hard.  He stood by
the side of the bed and stared down at Debbie, naked and bound before him.
    "I want to let you know that you are the first to ever suck me off like
that, and I want to thank you for the experience.  I also want you to know
that I want you to do it again, but first I want to fuck you.  I hear you're
tight, and I've always wanted to fuck a tight pussy."
    "I loved sucking your cock" Debbie told him "and I want to suck it again
whenever you let me.  I want to feel you stretch my pussy like you stretched
my lips, and before the weekend is over, I want that monster in my ass.  I'll
beg for it if you want me to..."
    "Let's turn her over," I suggested, "and put her on her back.  We can 
always roll her over later when we want to butt fuck her."
    John agreed, so we untied her leg ropes and rolled her over.  We left the
hand ropes tied, and her arms were crossed above her head.  We debated, with
Debbie listening, on the merits of leaving her legs free.
    "Debbie won't be going anywhere,"  I said.  "Besides, she likes to put
her heels against your ass and drive you into her when she fucks, don't you,
honey?"
    "I love to!  I want to get fucked deep, and I'll do anything to help get
it all in."
    John was climbing aboard, getting on the bed between Debbie's spread legs.
He knelt in front of her waiting cunt and told her "If you want to get fucked
deep, I'll give it to you deep."  He grabbed the back of her knees and pushed
them out and up, spreading her wide and lifting her open snatch almost level
with her stomach.  "How's this?"  With that, John put the head of his cock
into her and shoved the entire length in on the first stroke.
    Debbie cried out with pleasure.  "Yes!  Ram it in there!  Fuck me hard!
Oh, yes!  Fuck me deep!  Split me open!  It's so big!"
    John rode her hard, driving his massive meat deep into her, then pulling
it out until the head was almost free, then ramming it back in to the hilt.
His breathing became harsh and rapid.
    "You like to fuck, cunt?  You want more?  You want to get laid?"
    "Yes!"  Debbie cried, "I love to fuck.  I want to get fucked.  Fuck me!
Fuck me!  Please!  Please fuck me deep!"
    John hooked his elbows under the back of her knees and drew her legs up.
Her pussy was entirely exposed to his assaulting cock as he drove into her
with a frenzy.  His hands, free from the task of holding her legs spread, went
to her bobbing tits and grabbed.  He pinched her nipples and squeezed her
tits, leaving white marks on the skin.  The sound of their fucking was intense.
The wet sloshing of his cock as it rammed in and out, the creaking and 
groaning of the bed, the slap of his balls as they smacked into her ass.
Debbie continued to beg to be fucked deep and hard, and John kept up a steady
barrage of dirty talk, telling her just what he was doing to her.  Debbie was
working hard as she did all she could to help, and a thin film of sweat formed
on her tits and belly.  Debbie cried out as she started to cum, her orgasm so
intense that she forced her cunt juice out past John's pounding prick.  John
fucked on, an animal giving it to a bitch in heat.  The smell of sex in the
room was almost overpowering.  I looked towards the door and saw that everyone
was in the room watching John balling Debbie, and everyone's cock was at
attention.  John roared, and I looked back to the action.  He had slid his
hands under Debbie's shoulders and was pulling her down towards his driving
cock.  She was cumming almost continuously now, her voice making meaningless
sounds instead of coherent words.  John's roar was the start of his orgasm, 
and he continued to fuck her as he pumped shot after shot of his hot cum deep
inside her pussy.  Finally spent, his head slumping down, he released his
hold on her shoulders and extricated himself from her sweaty body and stood
up on wobbley legs.
    Debbie was still spread out on the bed, her body covered with sweat, her
legs wide open.  Bob took John's place, sliding his hard cock into Debbie's
open tunnel and hammering away at her.  His hands roamed over her body as
he fucked her, pushing her sweaty tits up.  Her swollen nipples were brushing
against his hairy chest as his body moved with his thrusts.  Her legs, free
to move, wrapped around Bob's hips and she put her heels against his ass and
helped him drive into her.  Bob started to cum, adding his hot jism to her
already filled pussy. 
    Paul was already getting on the bed as Bob pulled out.  They had to unwrap
her legs to let Bob go, and as he moved away Paul climbed aboard and carried
on.  Debbie instinctively wrapped her legs around Paul as he took his turn,
clamping down on his ass as he buried his cock in her, letting up as he pulled
out for the next stroke.  She continued to make weak, grunting noises, and we
could see her tense occasionally as another orgasm raced through her body.  On
impulse I reached over and released her arms.  She brought them down, holding
Paul's back and keeping him from sliding off her sweat soaked body.  Paul rode
her until he, too, added his cum to her drenched cunt.
    We were all standing close to the bed, so Bob and I each pulled one leg to
help Paul get off.  We were standing next to the bed, holding her legs up in
the air as Dave positioned himself for his turn.
    "I like that!"  Dave said.  "Keep her that way!"
    Bob and I kept her legs stretched out and up as Dave continued Debbie's
marathon fuck.  Her arms again clutched the man fucking her, holding him down
against her body.  I could feel her leg muscles spasm with every thrust of
Dave's hard tool.  Dave didn't last long, he fucked her for only a few minutes
before he thrust in and stayed there, giving Debbie's cunt it's fourth load
of cum.  He pulled out and made way for Mike, Debbie's arms reaching out for
her last 'guest' fuck.
    Mike wasted no time putting his shaft in her and pounding away.  He had
indicated that we should let go of her legs, and was held in place as Debbie
wrapped her arms and legs around him, helping him fuck her by pulling him in
with every thrust.  Mike's load had been building up as he watched everyone
else fuck her, and, like Dave, didn't last very long before sending his
sperm up her box to mix with the others'.  With a last shove in and shudder,
Mike sent the last of his load in her and rolled off.
    I didn't take my turn right away but stood for a moment looking down at
my wife.  She was covered with sweat, her hair plastered to her forehead.
Her pussy was twitching like it was still being fucked, and she continued
to make mewing sounds.  I slowly got in bed with her and began to kiss her
gently, working my way slowly up her body.  The others recognized the change
of pace and quietly filed out of the room, leaving me alone with Debbie.  As
I cleaned her tits with my tongue, Debbie brought her hands up to caress the
hair on my head.  I looked up and saw her eyes were open for the first time
since John had driven her into semi-unconcienseness.  I slid farther up on
her and covered her with my body.  She guided me into her, and then wrapped
herself around me and held me tight.  I started a slow, gentle rhythm of
love, different from the violent pounding she had experienced from the others.
She kissed me tenderly, her tongue probing softly for mine.
    "I love you," she whispered, barely able to talk.  "I can't tell you how
fantastic that was.  I think every girl should be gang-banged like that at
least once in her life."
    "I can feel you're full of cum.  Do you still think you'll be empty?"
    She grinned.  "No, I doubt if I'll ever drain all that out.  There's
still room for more.  I want your cum too, Jeremy."
    We kissed again as we fucked slow and easy.  I could feel her insides 
were slippery, lubricated beyond belief by all the cum deposited in her.  I
responded to her urging hands and legs and picked up the tempo.  I felt her
pussy contract as she had another orgasm, and the silky feel inside her made
me want to fuck her harder.  Her hands reached down and held my hips, and
I started making faster strokes, going deeper and harder, bringing her back
to the pace set by the others.  She responded, spreading her legs wider and
giving me free access to her innermost body.  I lifted myself off of her,
leaving my thrusting cock as the only point of contact between us.  I could
feel her start to shake, and actually felt her pussy start to suck on my
cock.  I exploded in her with force, and felt my jism drive out the cum 
inside as it filled her deepest cavity.  I came for almost a whole minute,
burst after burst traveling up the shaft to spew out into her.  She arched
her back, lifting her pussy up to 'suck' the cum out of me.
    Finally, spent, we colapsed together on the bed and both fell fast asleep.

--
