Archive-name: Family/slavedad.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: A Slave Fathers Diary... Part 1


I have always had a submissive streak, I suppose, but over the years, and
especially after I married, it became more and more pronounced.  Unfortunately,
although my wife accepted me wearing lace underwear whenever possible, she
could not bring herself to dominate me sexually.... she "loved me too much to
degrade and humiliate me", even though that was what I implored her to do.  I
hold no grudges regarding this, but nonetheless found it very depressing and
frustrating.

Fortunately for me, the subjgation I yearned came from a most unexpected
source; our foster daughter.  This is the first part of a continuing story
about how it happened, and how it has progressed.

I am self employed and, therefore, there were many days when I worked at home
rather than going into the office, or to a client location.  One such day I was
feeling particularly horny and was in the bedroom, wearing lace trimmed white
silk panties, garter belt and stockings.  I was laying on the bed reading one
of the several "dirty" magazines my wife and I love to share and stroking my
hard-on through the panties, which had now become transparent from the precum
drooling out of my cock.

Suddenly, I there was a knock at the bedroom door and, before I could cover up
(or do anything else, for that matter) the door opened and in walked Cheryl,
our daughter (normally, there was little privacy in our house and this was
quite normal; except that she should have been at school and I thought I had
the place to myself for the whole day! Apparently, as I found out later, she
had complained of "cramps" and had been allowed to leave school early).

I don't know which of us had the biggest look of shock on our face, but she
recovered first and put her hand over her mouth trying to stifle her cruel
laughter.

After stammering and stuttering a few times, and covering myself with the
sheet, I finally managed to get a few intelligable words out of my mouth;
"CHERYL, please, you've got to understand..."

"Understand what, that my Dad dresses in womens underwear and jacks off...
wait 'till I tell people about this!" she replied, still laughing, "you look
stupid like that, are you sick?"

"No, you don't understand! Please, you can't tell anyone about this! Let me
try and explain" I begged.  She looked cynical, but after a while I eventually
persuaded her to sit down and talk to me.  As I tried to explain my submissive
nature (which was a surpise to her, after all the times I had punished and
gounded her for various school-girl deeds), I could see the cruel side of her
(which most teenagers seem to have, especially when directed at the weaknesses
of their peers) taking control.  A "Hey, maybe this can be to my advantage"
type of smirk slowly appeared on her face.  "So, how should I explain this to
my friends, and to Mom?" she asked, only this time the tone of her voice was
more threatening.

"No, please", I said, and before I realized the implications "You can't tell
anyone; I'll do anything you want, give you anything, but this has got to be a
secret.  After all, if people find out it will ruin me and that will hurt you
because I won't be earning enough money to be able to support you the way I do
now".

"Maybe, but what about Mother", she said.  "Well, that would result in a
divorce, which means you would have to leave us", I replied.  "Ok, I'll think
about it, but from now on things are going to be different".  She stood up
from the bed and, looking down, pulled the sheet back from my body and stared
at my pantied crotch.  By now, of course, my cock had shriveled to nothing,
but she could still see through the soaking wet panties.  The smirk
reappeared and as she walked out of the room she repeated "yes, very
different".

After she left, I dejectedly put a sweat suit on over the underwear (I was in
too much of a fog to take it off) and went to her room.  After knocking on
the door, and hearing her reply I walked in and tried to get some reassurance
but she just insisted that she had to think about it and would talk to me
later.

Dinner with Cheryl and Cindy (my wife) that night was excruciating.  I was
trying to act completely normal, while at the same time continuously locking
eyes with Cheryl trying to get a hint of whether or not she was going to say
anything.  For her part, she acted completely normally with Cindy, but
with the expression on her face, made it clear to me that I was on thin ice.

The next day was Saturday, and mid-morning, Cheryl came over to me and, with
a meaningful look on her face, asked if I would take her to the mall.  Not
daring to refuse, I said I would and we left.  Fortunately for me, Cindy's
birthday was coming up, so she assumed we were going to buy a present and
didn't think any more of it.

On the way to the mall, Cheryl said "I've though about your problem, and for
the moment at least, have decided that so long as you do what I want, I won't
tell anyone, Ok?".  I heaved a huge sigh of relief and replied "Ok, but we
have to have an understanding; I'll do what you want but it can't be too
obvious; otherwise Cindy (or others) will suspect and then the whole thing
will be over with".  "That's more your problem than mine" she smirked, "but
I'll be a little reasonable".  The next several hours were spent with Cheryl
dragging me around store after store buying her various clothes and, to her
great amusement, lingerie.  She thought this was quite funny and kept joking
about how "these panties would look nice on you" or "this g-string is too
small for you".

Over the next few weeks this was how things went, I gave her money, bought
her clothes, and gave in to her requests for more "freedom".  Fortunately, her
demands were not too outrageous (or expensive) and I began to think that
everything was going to work out Ok.

Then things slowly started to change.  As I said earlier, there was not much
privacy in our house, and it was not unusual for the women to walk around in
just panties and T-shirt, or me in just shorts (mens!).  But now Cheryl was
taking every opportunity to tease and embarass me; She would appear to be
"normally" dressed with a long T-shirt that hid everything, but when Cindy
was not around, or not paying attention, Cheryl would flash her crotch at me,
or bend over with her back to me so that I could see not only her ass, but
also her tits as the T-shirt hung forward.  Usually when she did this, she
would be wearing some of the lingerie I was buyng for her.  The sight of
her young pussy under the thin silk, and her firm tits either bare or encased
in a see through bra were driving me crazy.  She would inevitably smirk at
me as if to say "yeah, I know you like what you see, and it's getting to you,
but we both know that you can't do or say anything about it.

One day, a week or so after her teasing started, Cindy was out for the evening
at a business thing and would not be home until at least midnight.  I was home
when Cheryl arrived from school and she quickly disappeared into her room to
change.

About 20 minutes later, she reappeared, now clothed in a thin white T-shirt
that was short enough for me to see the pink lace panties she was also
wearing.  The lace on the panties was sufficiently transparent for me to
see her brown pubes and so narrow at the crotch that her pussy lips were
swelling around the sides.  She sat on the couch opposite me, with her legs
slightly parted and looked straight into my eyes.  "How do you like these
panties, Dad, they're the ones you bought me last week.  Don't they look
nice?".

"Yes, they're beautiful", I replied, crossing my legs to make my hard-on more
comfortable and less obvious.

"Do you have any like this?" she asked, smirking.  "Uh.. No..." I stammered,
"I don't have any like that".

"What a shame, I bet you would though wouldn't you?"

"Uh.... yes, I suppose I would" I said, getting more uncomfortable, yet more
excited all the time.

"Well, why don't you try these on, they are kind of small, but I think you
can get into them".

Now I was really surprised. "N-N-No, I don't think that would be a good idea"
I said, not wanting to get into yet another compromising position.

"You don't understand, Mr frilly panties, I want YOU to put these ON, NOW" she
said, standing up a staring at me. "Or, am I going to have to start telling
some people about your little hobby?"

"No. No, Okay, Yes, I'll do what you want."  I expected her to go into her
bedroom to change out of them, but she just stood in front of me and slowly
peeled the panties over her hips and down her legs.  As she pulled them down
the lips of her cunt parted to release the crotch where it had ridden up into
her.  Without a trace of embarassment, she held the panties out to me and said
"Ok, now lets see if they fit".

"Here?" I asked, hesitatingly.  "Yes, here, why not, no-one is around".  I
slowly stood up and started to pull my suit pants off (I was still dressed
from visiting a client).  "Oh no, we can't see them under your shirt; take
everything off; EVERYTHING".

"Ok" I mumbled and removed all of my clothes.  Then, scarlet with embarassment
took the small fragment of pink lace from her and pulled it up around my legs.
Although excited, I was more humiliated and my cock was not even semi-hard
which made it easier to fit everything into the panties.

Cheryl, by now was sitting back on the couch and laughed at my predicament.
"Oh, yes, very nice.  But I thought lingerie and submission excited you.  How
come you not hard" she said.

"Well, I'm just to embarrassed" I replied.

"Maybe, but after a while you'll get over that.  Now, what's for dinner?" she
asked.  It was obvious she expected me to stay like this for the rest of the 
evening.  Well, for the next hour or so, I wandered around the house dressed
only in her lace underwear making, and then eating dinner.  Cheryl took
every opportunity to laugh at me and, once or twice, patted and stroked my ass
through the lace, commenting on how "nice" I looked.  She had since put another
pair of her own underwear on, "seeing as the pink ones fit me so nicely".  The
sight of her tight ass and swelling cunt lips encased in thin gossamer, along
with my slow acceptance of Cheryl staring at me dressed the way I was, was now
beginning to get to me and my cock was starting to stretch the panties.

After dinner (Yes, I cleaned up as well), Cheryl suggested I make us a drink!
This was unheard of in the house (although I had no real objection to her
drinking in moderation), but the situation and the tone of her voice made it
impossible for me to refuse.

We both sat on the couch, drinking Jack Daniels, Cheryl with her back against
the arm and with her legs up on the couch towards me.  Soon she started
prodding at my cock with her foot, saying "Hmmm, seems like you're beginning
to react more like 'normal', Dad, I see you like my panties Huh?".

Looking over at her, my eyes followed her legs from my lap up to her crotch.
The pale blue silk of her panties was beginning to dissapear between her
cunt lips, and her pubes were curling out around the edges of the panties.
The vision of her young, almost naked body was just unbelievable.  My cock
twitched through the silk under her foot and it there was no point denying my
feelings. "Oh God, yes, they do feel good.  But, yours look a little
uncomfortable".

She reached down to her pussy and pulled the crotch of her panties even
tighter into her cunt.  "Oh, no, I like them like this... It makes me
feel really horny".  "But" she continued, "what would make me more horny
would be to watch you finish what I caught you at before.  Go and make us
another drink, get your filthy magazines, and come back here and read me
some of the stories".

By now, I was passed all point of resistance to her demands and did as
she said.  As I sat back down on the couch, her feet again rubbed my cock
through the silk "I like the feel of silk on your dick, Dad, I'm going
to have to keep you this way a lot".

As I started reading some of the letters in the magazine to her, she stopped
me and said "No, No, No, when I found you, you were jacking off.  I want to
see my Lacy Panty Dad play with his cock.... DO IT".  I continued reading, and
reached down with my left hand and started rubbing my cock through the silk.
I could not believe how exciting it was, to be sitting in front of my teenage
foster daughter, both of us in lace and silk panties, and her beginning to
dominate me.  In hardly any time at all, the inevitable happened and, as my
hips lifted off the couch, I squirted my cum into, and through the lace front
of her underwear; it covered both my hand and her foot.

"Now look what you've done... My foot is covered in your slime", she taunted,
with a sarcastic grin on her face.  "What are you going to do about it?"

"Uh, I'll get a wash cloth", I replied.  "NO, I think you should lick it up"
she said.  "Come on, clean my foot".

"No, Cheryl, please.  I don't want to do that".

"Oh, no?  Maybe you'd prefer to explain to Mom how you gave me drinks and
got your cum all over my panties?  Or, maybe you'd prefer the snickering
from my friends, especially David, when I tell them about my Panty-Dad?"
(David was her current boyfriend, about nineteen years old and a college
jock).  "Now, start LICKING".

I lifted her foot to my mouth and started licking the warm cum from between
her toes.  This caused her legs to open and the lips of her pussy spread
enough for her panties to slip completely into her cunt.  As I continued
sucking my come from her feet, I stared at her now very wet pussy.

She followed my stare to her crotch and reached down with her hand and started
to stroke her clit through the panties, and to spread her cunt lips around
the thin material.  "Hmmm... it looks like you enjoy the taste of cum, Daddy,
or is it my pussy that's getting your cock hard again already?  Well, maybe
we can arrange for you to have both if you behave yourself.

I was shocked at what I thought she was suggesting.  It wasn't enough that
this sixteen year old had made me wear her panties and jack off in front
of her, or that she had made me lick my own cum from her foot, but now she
seemed to be offering me her cunt as well!  I started to lean towards her,
but she pushed me away saying "Oh, no... not yet Mr Panties.  There's
something I have to do first.  You wait here".

With that she got up and disappeared into her bedroom.  I was left sitting
on the couch with a raging hard on encased in sloppy wet lace and silk.  After
ten minutes, Cheryl returned, now dressed in a mini-skirt and blouse.  "I'll
be back real soon, Dad, and when I come in the door, I want to find you
lying on your bed with those panties, and some nylons on. Ok?  If you're
not... well you know what can happen".  With that she walked out the front
door.

I went in to the bedroom, put on some silk nylons, and lay on the bed thinking
about how I would soon be fucking my foster daughter.... or so I thought.

After an hour, I heard the door open, and Cheryl strode into the bedroom.  Her
hair was mussed up, and her blouse was kind of wrinkled.  "Ok, Panties, now
I've got a real treat for you", she smiled.

She climbed up onto the bed and kneeling, took off her blouse and skirt,
leaving her in just a half cup bra and panties.  The nipples on her young,
firm tits were hard and stuck out almost a half inch.  The crotch of her
underwear was clearly very wet.

"Now, put your hands down by your sides, and don't move".  She climbed up
until she was straddling my face and slowly lowered herself down onto my
face. With all her weight on me, and my arms trapped at my sides and between
her legs, I couldn't move much and at first I didn't want to; her pussy was
grinding against my mouth and I could feel the wetness through the silk
crotch.

Then she reached down and pulled her underwear to the side and I realized
why she was so wet.  Her cunt was full of cum.  "Here, lace panty Dad, you
liked your slime so much I thought I would get you some more.  I just had
a quicky with David, and he's such a stud he filled me to overflowing.  Now
start swallowing".  With that she started squeezing her pussy muscles and
his cum started to pour out of her cunt and into my mouth two inches below.
It was still warm, and salty.  I kept swallowing as she pushed more and
more out of her body.

Finally, I had taken it all and Cheryl lowered herself back down onto my face.
I reached out with my tongue to start licking her but before I could, she
started pissing into my mouth, with slow little squirts.  "Ok, Daddy dear,
you had one present, now here's the next.  You'd better drink it all or Mom's
gonna want to know why there's piss all over the sheets!"  With that she
reached behind her, grabbed my balls through her panties and started pulling
and squeezing them hard.  My mouth opened in pain and she pressed down and
started pissing again.  This was beyond my greatest dreams.  Here I was,
dressed in lingerie, on my own bed and this teenager just forced me to
swallow her boyfriends cum and was now pissing in my mouth!

When she was done, she turned towards the bedroom door and said "See, David, I
told you what a sick little panty he is... I can make him do anything".

As she lifted up, I looked in horror at the bedroom door... there stood her
boyfriend, grinning from ear to ear and rubbing his cock through his jeans.
She had obviously told him everything, and brought him quietly into the
house to watch.  Rather than getting Cheryl's pussy, the way I had thought,
she had completely humiliated and degraded me.  I was in horror and heaven, my
cock didn't know whether to get hard or to disappear between my legs!

Cheryl still had hold of my nuts and gave them a cruel twist.  David looked
at me and said "Yeah, you're right he is a slut.  He really loved sucking my
cum out of you and drinking your piss".  Then, looking at me; "Now, slut,
listen to us.  If you want to keep you're career and family, you had better
do whatever we want.  And, you'd better behave yourself, otherwise I might
have to hurt you and I hate violence against girls".

Hearing that they both burst into laughter.  Cheryl got off the bed and walked
out of the room with David.  I heard the front door close and soon she was
back in the room with me.  "David's left now Dad, but you had better believe
what he said.  If you go along with us, everything will be Ok, and anyway, this
is what you always wanted, right?".  With that she reached over and pulled on
my balls again.

"Y-y-yes, Ok, I'll do what you want"

"And you like it, don't you Daddy?  Come on, I want to hear you tell me that
you liked what I did to you..."

"Yes, I did.  I enjoyed wearing your panties."

"And..."  Another pull on my balls...

"Ok, I liked licking up my come, and Davids.  And, I loved your piss".

"Good, that's better.  Now listen... Mom told me she had meetings every
Tuesday and Thursday night for the next few months, and that once a month
she is going to have to be away for several days.  Isn't that wonderful?
You and I, and maybe David although I haven't decided yet, are going to have
a lot of fun.  Now, today is Tuesday, so the day after tomorrow, when I 
come home from school I will expect you to be waiting for me dressed just
like you are now.  Ok?  Are you going to do everything I ask?"

"Yes"

"Everything?"

Yes, I think so...  So long as it's between us I'll do anything"

"Hmmm, well we'll have fun making sure.  Now, you'd better get cleaned up
before Mom comes home."  And with that she released my balls, rubbed her
fingers in the cum that was still wet in her panties and wiped them over my
lips.  "Now, give me my underwear and I'll see you tomorrow.  Sweet dreams".

I slept fitfully that night, and the next, and couldn't work during the days.
Rememberences of what Cheryl had done to me, and what she was going to make
me do kept speeding through my brain.  At least I could relax more with Cindy
because I realized that Cheryl seemed to enjoy this new role as much as me.

Finally, Thursday afernoon arrived, and  I was waiting impatiently at home,
dressed the way me daughter wanted me.

Eventually, an hour late she came in the front door, and walked into the
living room where I was waiting.  "Hello, lace panty Dad, I'm glad you're
ready.  Come with me."  She walked into her bedroom, with me closely
following.

"Now, undress me" she said and turned towards me.

With trembling fingers, I unbottoned and removed her blouse, and unzipped her
skirt which slipped to the floor.  I then  reached behind her and unhooked
her bra and slipped it off her shoulders.  Her firm young breasts vibrated
rather than sagged, and her nipples protruded stiffly in front of my face.  I
slowly reached down and slid her panties down her legs and soon she stood
naked in front of me... the first time I had ever seen her this way.  I was
in awe of her exquisite body.

Before I could fully appreciate it, however, she ordered my to lie back on
her bed.  She then squatted over my face and, again, her cunt was full of
come.  "Just a little gift from me and David to my girl-Dad", she said, "Now
open wide".

This time I didn't hesitate and eagerly licked her pussy.  Mingled
with David's copious jism, I could taste Cheryl's own sweet juice.  The flavor
was wonderful.  After I had cleaned her out, and licked her to a face crushing
orgasm, we lay on the bed side by side.

She reached out and ran her hand up my letg, stroking it through the nylons.
When she reached my crotch, she gripped my balls through the white silk
panties and gave them a gentle twist.  The slight pain caused my cock, which
was already straining against the silk to jerk.

"Now, Panty Daddy", she said, "tell me something.  Are you Gay or Bi-sexual?"

"No, I'm not gay", I replied, "I've never been with a man".  This was a minor
lie, in that once Cindy and I had been to bed with a guy I worked with and we
had both fucked her at the same time... one in her ass and one in her pussy,
and then, later, both of us in her cunt.  Inevitably, we had touched each
other but I didn't want to tell Cheryl any of "Cindy's" secrets, and I didn't
consider it a "gay" or "bi" experience.

"Then, how come you love swallowing your own cum, and even more, another guys
cum?"

"Well, the pleasure comes more from the fact that you force me to do it", I
explained, "it's the degradation that I enjoy more than anything else".

"You mean if I order you to do something, and it's perverted, you'll do it
even if you don't want to?"

"Yeah, kind of", I admitted, somewhat embarrassed.  "In fact, the more
humiliating the act, the more I would get off on it, so long as you were
making me do it".

"What about when I verbally abuse you, and call you names?"

"Same thing", I said.

"Well, that's good, Daddy, because there are all kinds of things I'm going
to force you into.  But, first I want you to go and prepare dinner, I'm
getting hungry".

"Ok", I said and started to rise from the bed.

"For three, Panty, I invited David over to eat with us, and I want you to
serve us, dressed just like you are!"

"Uhhhh, Ok,"

About half an hour later, as I was working in the kitchen, the door bell rang.

"That will be David, Mr Lace Panties, go and let him in!" Cheryl called from
her bedroom.

I nervously walked to the front door, peeked through the viewer to check that
it really was David, and opened it to let him in.

He took one look at me in white lace and nylons and laughed as he entered. "Hi,
slut, how are you?"

Without waiting for a reply he walked into the living room and was met by
Cheryl, wearing a beautiful blue satin and white lace teddy which I had
bought for her a few weeks ago.  Standing in front of me, she kissed him
passionately and reached down to massage his cock.  "Oooh, David, your cock
is so big and hard, I can't wait to get more of it."

I returned to the kitchen, took the dinner I had prepared and placed it
on the table, and called them in.

"Ok, dinner looks good, Daddy, but where's the wine?"

"Oh, I forgot, sorry"

"Well get it now, you cum-drinking slut!  for that I'll have to think of
something special for you to do!"

I poured the wine, and we settled down to eat, me feeling both excited and
degraded sitting in front of my daughter and her boyfriend dressed only in
panties and stockings.

After serving them desert and coffee, and clearing the table, I started towards
the bathroom.

"Where are you going, Panties?", Cheryl demanded.

"I have to pee"

"Ok... then do it here, in front of us.  Use your wine glass".

"Uhhh, I can't, not here with you watching"

"What about our little discussion.  I'm ordering you to piss into that glass
NOW" she demanded.

"But, you don't understand", I stammered, "I just can't do it in front of
you"

"Listen, slut, do as she says, or you;ll regret it", chimed in David.  So, I
stood in front of them, pulled my half hard cok out from my panties and
placed the head into the glass.  Even though my bladder seemed like it was
ready to burst, it took what seemed like ages before I could ignore their
smirks and snide remarks, and let go.  Finally, the stream started and I
filled the glass almost to the top.  The glass was hot in my hands, and the
feeling of the piss on my cock as the level rose over the head was
indescribable.

"Ok, now, drink it.... drink it all Daddy"

"I looked at her with both shock and shame and lust in my eyes, and slowly
lifted the glass to my lips.  My daughter was certainly catching on to this
game quickly.

"Yeah, good idea, Cheryl.  Let's see how far we can go with your little
panty-clad cum-drinking Father", said David.

I slowly swallowed the hot piss back into my body, wandering how many times
it would get re-circulated this way tonight.

After I had finished, Cheryl ordered me to follow them back into her bedroom.
She had me stand as watch as she slowly undressed David, sucking first his
nipples and then his cock and balls as they became exposed to her hands and
mouth.  His cock was at least two inches longer, and somewhat thicker, than
mine, adding to my humiliation.

"Now, Daddy-dear, David and I are going to fuck, but first, I think you should
get us in the mood.  So, why don't you show David how you like to jack-off
and while you're at it, tell us how you like being our little girl slave".

With that, they lay down on the bed, staring at me.  Cheryl sensuously stroking
Davids cock, while he reciprocated by removing her teddy, spreading her legs,
and slowly finger fucking her in front of me.

I started stroking my cock, first through the silk panties and then started to
pull them down.

"Oh, no, slut, we want to see you come IN those panties", said Cheryl.

So I continued stroking through them, and started describing how I loved being
their servant, how I needed their domination of me, and repeated that I would
do whatever they ordered.  Soon, I was caressing my stocking clad legs, and
pulling on my balls with one hand, and furiously stroking my dick with the
other.

"Come on slut, jack that cock, yank those balls", laughed Cheryl.

With that, my cock spasmed, my knees folded, and I started spewing cum into
the panties.  Before I could recover, "Ok, Daddy, now you can take off the
underwear, and put them in your mouth!"

I peeled the sloppy silk down and off my legs, and pushed the whole mess
into my mouth.

"Now, you can just stand there and watch a real man fuck me the way you would
like to but can't", she taunted, "and when we are finished, I expect those
panties to be completely clean".

With that, they turned their attentions to each other.  David lay back and
Cheryl climbed over him in with her head over his cock, and her ass facing me.
She started sucking him deep into her mouth while I watched him play with her
beautiful tits with one hand, and finger her sopping wet cunt with the other.

The sight of him pulling her nipples down to his body, stretching her tits,
and stroking and fingering her puffy lips with the other was indescribable.
Soon he was alternately sucking on her cunt and sticking his tongue into
her tight young asshole.

After ten or so minutes of this, Cheryl climbed off and got on her hands and
David climbed up behind her.

"Put it in my ass, Stud, fuck me while my cum drinking lace panty Daddy
watches."

David needed no encouragment and, after rubbing his dick up and down her slit
and spreading the lips, he moved up and started pushing the head of his cock
into her asshole.  Slowly, the pink-brown rose-bud spread open, and he began
sliding into her.  The sight of her asshole stretched around his cock didn't
just have me hard, but I was almost ready to come on the spot without even
touching myself.

Soon, she was pushing back against him and he was shoving his entire length
into her in return.  His balls were slapping against her cunt and clit, and
she reached back between her legs and gently massaged them.  This was as much
as either of them could take and, with one more lunge David's entire body
tensed as he exploded inside her ass.  Cheryl, feeling the jets of his hot
jism buried her head in a pillow and grunted wildly as she also came.  They
collapsed in a heap, grunting and panting and swearing to themselves.

After recovering, David slowly pulled his dick out of Cheryls now open
asshole and lay on his back.  Cheryl still on her stomach looked at me and
said "Now, be a good girl and come and clean us up, Daddy, both of us!"

I moved hesitantly towards the bed, not knowing quite what she wanted.  "Ok,
take the panties out of your mouth and put them back on.  Cover up that silly
little cock of yours."

"Good, now David first.  I want you to lick his cock clean of every bit of
our come, Daddy".  David looked at me, smiled cruelly and lay back to
enjoy my servitude.  Cheryl, remaining on her stomach, propped herself up on
one elbow to watch.  "Come on, Daddy-Slut, I want to see you licking that cock,
NOW... I know you want to".

I knelt down beside them and started to lick the length of Davids cock. My
tongue slid up and down it's length and around the head.  I could taste his
salty come, and also a slight bitter-sweet taste from Cheryl's pussy and
ass.  As I was doing this, they were alternately kissing each other, watching
me, whispering and giggling together.

When I had finished, I looked up at Cheryl to see what she wanted next.

"Ok, my turn Daddy.  Come over here a start cleaning out my ass".

I kneeled between her legs, spread her tight cheeks with my hands and started
licking around her still open asshole.  Then, placing my mouth over the
hole, started sucking gently.  Again, I could here them whispering to each
other.

"Remember our discussion earlier, and your 'sweet' little speech while you
were entertaining us, lace panty Daddy... are you still going to behave
youself and do whatever I tell you like a good little girl slave?"

"Y-y-yes, of course" I mumbled from her ass.

"Good, then there's something very special I want you to do for me.  Roll over
and lay on you back."

She got up and kneeled over my face and lowered her ass down towards my mouth
again.  She squeezed and more of David's come appeared at the entrance to her
asshole, so I reached out with my tongue and licked it up.  While this was
happening, she was stroking Davids cock back to erection again with one hand,
and slowly twisting my balls with the other.  A few more squeezes of her
rectal muscles, and I had swallowed all of the cum from her ass.

"Stay here, Daddy, we're not finished, but I have to go to the bathroom first".

She hopped off the bed, disappeared into the bathroom, and, two minutes later
was back again.  "Ok, cum-sucker, ready for more", she said as she again
straddled my face.  "You see, ass fucking always makes me want to shit, which
is what I just did.  But, seeing as I have such a slutty, piss drinking, cum
sucking Daddy, I decided to see if you like shit too.  So I didn't wipe...
you're going to do it for me.... aren't you, you lace panty slave?" and with
that she grabbed my cock and dug her nails into the head.

"Come on Daddy, I want you beg to clean the shit off my ass... Say it in
front of me and David..."

"Please, Cheryl, please let me lick your as clean.  Use me as a toilet,
do anything you want with me, I'll do whatever I'm Ordered to"

"Then I'm ordering you to eat my shit", she said and reached back to spread
the cheeks of her ass.

I could see a few smears of shit around her stretched asshole and started
to lick it clean.  "Good Daddy, Very good.  Maybe next time I'll give you
the whole thing.  Would you like that?  Tell Me"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl, anything you want".  I knew that we had both reached a
turing point.  This was no longer a game; Cheryl was clearly into the role
of not just dominating me, but completely degrading me in front of her
boyfriend.  Her imagination and enjoyment of forcing me into more and more
deviant acts was clear, and judging from the way she treated my cock and balls
was not above inflicting pain to ensure my obedience.  For my part, I was
reeling inside at the sheer, exquisite, intense pleasure of both serving a
woman and being forced into the most humiliating situations.
--
