Copyright © 1997, (Double Secret Author),  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.






"Sleepovers"

Written by: (Double Secret Author)


	Harry Jackson put down his paper as his twelve year old 
daughter Tracy came through the front door and dropped her 
overnight bag by the stairs. He liked looking at hairless cunnies and 
seeing young girls do their pee, and he and his daughter liked talking 
about dirty things. She sat on the couch opposite him as he said, "Did 
you have a good time sleeping over at Kelly's?" Tracy nodded. "Oh, 
yes, Daddy, lots of fun."  "Which nightie did you wear, honey?" asked 
her father.  Tracy grinned at him. "I wore the one that only just comes 
down past my cunny, Daddy - the one you like because you can see 
my crack so well."  "And did the other girls look at your cunny like I 
do?" asked her father. "Oh, sure! I saw Bonny Tyler looking at it a lot, 
so I pretended I didn't see her and just opened my legs and let her 
have a good look. She put her hand up underneath her nightgown 
and started rubbing herself in between her legs while she looked at 
my cunny." 

	"What were the other girls wearing? Could you see their 
cunnies? Do any of the girls have tits?" asked the little girl's father. 
"Bonny's nightgown was longer than mine but it was really thin and I 
could see her titties - she has nice high pointy ones. Kelly had one 
like mine - she has a little hair at the top of her cunny, Daddy, and little 
titties just like me. Kelly was wearing a pair of her brother's pyjamas 
because she said she doesn't wear anything to sleep in normally. So 
we teased her and  she took off the bottoms because the top was so 
big it was like a nightie. When she took it off I could see all the way up 
underneath the top, right up to her cunny! She had her legs apart and 
her crack was open, Daddy. And when she bent forward you could 
look right down her front and see her titties. She has big round ones, 
Daddy, with big pink nipples." 

	The little girl slipped a hand under her skirt , spread her legs 
and felt in between them. "My cunny's all wet, Daddy!" she 
announced, "Can I play with it while I tell you about the fun we had?" 
Harry nodded. "Shall I play with my cock while you play with your 
cunny?" he asked. "Sure, Daddy! I always like to watch you play with 
your cock." She slipped her bum forward on the couch, pulled her 
skirt up around her waist and spread her legs. "Look Daddy, my 
cunny's all bare! I left my underwear off when Kelly's father gave me a 
ride home so I could let him see it sort of by accident on purpose! I sat 
in the middle of the back seat, all by myself, and lifted my legs up and 
pretended I didn't know he could see under my skirt." 

	She giggled, and her father stroked his erection and asked, 
"Did he look at your cunny, dear?"  Tracy giggled again. "He sure did, 
Daddy! He saw it by accident the first time when he turned around to 
back the car out of the driveway, and he stared right up under my 
dress at it. It made me feel all funny and naughty, so I opened my legs 
even wider apart and let him have a good look. Then he adjusted the 
rear view mirror so he could look at it while he was driving." "Did you 
give him a good show?" asked her father. "I sure did, Daddy!" Tracy 
laughed. "I kept my legs apart and even put my hands down and 
touched myself in between my legs, opened up my hole and put my 
finger in, you know, the way I like to do. 

	"When he let the other two girls off he asked me  if I wanted to 
sit on his lap and help him drive. When I sat on his lap I felt his cock 
right behind my bum, all hard, and I pushed back against it and put 
my hand back and pretended to adjust where I was sitting so I could 
feel it. He let me steer, and he put his hands around me up on my 
chest to steady me but I knew he wanted to feel my tits. His hands 
were right over my little titties, Daddy. I told him that it felt nice when 
he held onto me like that, so he sort of cupped his hands over my 
titties and held them like if I had a bra on except he felt my nipples 
and they got all hard. I had my legs one on either side of his and after 
awhile he put his hand on my leg. He said it was to see if I could 
reach the brake. 

	"He felt my leg and moved his hand higher up and I rubbed 
myself back against his cock. "Oh," I said, "Mr. Gregson, there's a big 
lump back here pushing right against  my bum. Its all hard and long! I 
wonder what it's for?" He made a funny noise and I said, "Maybe 
there's something wrong inside your pants, Mr. Gregson. I don't have 
anything like that, do I? Here, feel," and I held his hand and pulled it 
up my leg up under my skirt and right up to my little bare naked cunny 
and pressed it against it. He sort of gulped and then he started to 
touch me all over in between my legs and I was really feeling horny, 
Daddy. He put his finger in my hole and everything! 

	I got off his lap and said, "We should see what that lump is 
inside your pants, Mr. Gregson. Maybe there's something we can do 
to make it go away." She giggled again. "I opened his pants and 
pulled down his underpants and made his cock stick out. I asked him 
what he thought was the best way to make it go down and he said it 
would go down if I kissed it. So I did and then I said it looked good 
enough to eat and I licked it and said it tasted like a big Popsicle or an 
all day sucker and would he mind if I sucked on it a little. So I sucked 
his cock, Daddy, and in just a couple of minutes he squirted lots of 
lovely thick cum right down my throat. He sure had a lot of it, just like 
you! Then he pulled his pants back on and drove me home. But I was 
telling you about when I stayed overnight.

	"After we got ready for bed we watched a dirty video that Bonny 
had brought. It was about two high school cheerleaders. They took off 
all their clothes, and it showed their titties and their cunnies too, 
Daddy. They took a shower together, and soaped each other's titties 
and cunnies. Then one of them lay down and opened her legs up 
wide and played with her cunny and the other one came over and 
kissed her and played with her titties.  Then she licked the first girl's 
cunny and stuck her tongue up her hole. 

	"We all giggled when they did that and I was playing with my 
cunny and when I looked all the other girls were playing with theirs 
too. I let Bonny look at my cunny some more and when she put her 
hand on my leg I pulled it up so she was feeling my cunny. She felt 
my crack all over and I opened my legs so she could feel inside it too, 
just like you like to do. She put her finger in my hole and it was all wet! 
Bonny undid her pyjama top and showed us her big titties and Kelly 
played with them and sucked on them just like the girls in the video 
were doing. Kelly showed us the bit of hair she has at the top of her 
crack and we all fingered our own cunnies while we watched each 
other, to see who could get the nice feeling first. Then I let Bonny lick 
my cunny just like you do, Daddy, and I licked hers and Kelly and 
Kelly licked each other too. We had lots of fun, because we changed 
around and I got to play with Bonny's big titties and suck them. Kelly 
has this funny thing that she puts in her hole and rubs in and out just 
like a cock, and we all tried it. All the girls got it in easily so they must 
all let boys put their cocks in them - or maybe their Daddies! I think 
Kelly's Daddy was watching us while we were playing with each 
other's cunnies and sucking them. Can I have them over here next 
weekend, Daddy, please?"

	Harry laughed at his little girl's eagerness and proposed an 
alternative. "How about we have them over one at a time?" he 
suggested. "That way you can get to know them better." "OK," said 
Tracy, "We'll have Kelly over first - next weekend. I can't wait! You can 
watch us feeling each other's cunnies and licking them if you like!" 
Her father nodded, and Tracy was so happy she knelt down in front of 
him and sucked on his cock until he squirted his cum in her mouth.

	The next weekend Kelly came over to stay the night. Harry 
greeted her and gave his daughter and her lots to drink so they would 
pee a lot.  When the girls went in to pee he went behind the one way 
mirror and watched the yellow stream splashing out of their little 
cunnies, and before they went the second time he put one of Tracy's 
favourite dirty magazines in the toilet for them to read.  Kelly spread 
her legs apart and stuck her big dildo up herself, then looked down at 
her cunny and peed while she moved the dildo in and out. Harry 
masturbated while he watched the girls in the toilet. Tracy knew he 
was watching and put on a specially good show for her dirty father, 
showing her little cunny to the mirror and making sure he could see 
the pee coming out of her pee hole.

	Harry told them they could watch TV in the family room as long 
as they wanted to, once they got ready for bed. When he had put his 
housecoat on he went into the kitchen and saw  Kelly sitting at the 
table with her nightgown on, having a glass of milk and reading the 
paper. Harry stood behind her and began reading over her shoulder. 
The top of the nightgown fell away so Harry could see right down her 
front. Her tits were high and firm, with big pinkish nipples. The nightie 
only just covered her hips, and Harry pretended he had dropped 
something so he could see if he could look up between her legs. He 
looked under the table and  over at Kelly, who was sitting with her 
legs slightly apart facing him. Harry could see up in between her legs 
all the way to her little bare cunny, and as he looked she squirmed a 
little and then  her legs opened more, showing the horny man her 
naked slit. 

	Harry's cock swelled into an erection, and as he sat down at 
the table opposite the young girl he thought he had better wait until it 
went down a bit before he got up, in case she saw it. He was reading 
part of the paper when he realized that Kelly had dropped something 
on the floor and was looking for it under the table. It seemed to be 
taking her a long time, and he looked under, himself, to see if he 
could help. The girl seemed to be looking at him, and was 
embarrassed when he looked down at her, and Harry realized that 
the way he had been sitting she might have been able to see his 
cock. Was she looking at it on purpose?

	 He sat back, spread his legs apart so that she could have a 
good look if she wanted to, and held the paper in front of him. Soon 
he heard a rustling and knew that she was looking under the table 
again. After awhile she got up and went into the family room. Harry 
tiptoed to the door and listened to her talking with the other girls. "I just 
saw your Daddy's cock, Tracy! It's all hard!" she began.  "What 
happened?" asked Tracy. "I was reading the paper and your Daddy 
came in and got behind me. I think he was looking down my front at 
my titties, and then he dropped something and looked under the table 
for it. I realized my nightie was really short so I let him look up 
underneath it at my cunny. I even opened my legs a little so he could 
see it better - wasn't I naughty? But it felt good, and I looked under 
myself and saw part of his cock under his housecoat - and then I think 
he caught me looking at him! But then he just sat there and read his 
paper and when I looked under again I could see his cock really well 
and it's all hard! Do you think he knows I was looking at him?" 

	"Why don't we see if he really is looking at us?" suggested 
Tracy, knowing how her father loved to look at young girls' titties and 
cunnies. "Let's sit in here and pretend to watch TV and we can give 
him the chance for him to look up our nighties and down our fronts 
and see if he really looks. Maybe we'll be able to see his cock!"  Harry 
tiptoed back to the kitchen and waited, and soon Tracy and Kelly 
came in. 

	Harry looked up at his little daughter, her nightgown only just 
coming past her crotch. Kelly's was longer but so thin he could see 
her small conical breasts and the small patch of downy hair just 
above her cunny slit. "Hey, Daddy, would you like to come watch TV 
with us?" "Sure," replied her father, "What's on?" "Oh, I found that 
video you made last summer  - the one that ends at the nudist camp," 
replied Tracy with a wink. They went in and he sat down in his chair, 
opposite the couch with Tracy and Kelly on.  

	Tracy tucked her legs up on the couch, spread to either side so 
that her father could see her cunny slit split wide open, and winked at 
him. She started the video going with the remote control, and told her 
friend what was happening in the video. "This is when we started off 
on our trip. That's me in my new string bikini - look how little it is!" 
Kelly looked at  Tracy. "It's all right for you, but it sure wouldn't fit  
Bonny," she said, "Her titties would show!" and the little girls giggled 
and looked at Harry, who laughed too. "Do you mind if we talk like 
that, Daddy?" asked his daughter innocently. "No, honey, it doesn't 
bother me," replied her father, "Those are the simplest words, after all, 
no need to be fancy."  "Besides," added Kelly, "it makes me feel all 
funny and naughty to talk dirty and say things like "titties" and "cunny" 
and "cock"!

	"We stayed overnight with my Uncle John and his daughter  
Amanda," continued Tracy, as the video showed a handsome man of 
about 30 and a pretty young dark-haired girl of about 13, both 
standing by a pool in their bathing suits. 

Tracy showed how her bikini had come off when she dived into the 
pool.  Tracy's small tit mounds bounced as she climbed out of the 
pool, and Kelly giggled when she saw  her cunny slit. She giggled 
even more when Tracy's uncle appeared because there was a large 
bulge in his bathing suit. "I told them that since we were all going to 
go to a nudist camp they should all practice by taking their clothes off, 
like I had, even if it was by mistake."  The smiling Amanda faced the 
camera as she removed the top of her bikini and showed her small 
firm tits, then undid the side strings of her bikini bottoms and let the 
bottoms fall. The thirteen year old had a light puff of hair just above 
the bulging lips of her cunny. "She's got hair on her cunny, just like 
you, Kelly," observed Tracy.  Harry noticed that by now both the girls 
were touching themselves between their legs while they watched the 
video. He let his housecoat slip open a little.

	"Oh yes, this is when my cousin Jerry and Aunt  Sharon came 
back from their shopping trip and joined us," said Tracy as a boy of 
about 12 and a pretty young girl of about 18 appeared. "Is that your 
AUNT?" exclaimed Kelly astounded. "Well, not really," answered 
Tracy. "My real Aunt Helen was killed in a car accident two years ago, 
and Uncle John married  Sharon last year. She's 18 - Uncle John 
likes  young girls. We told them we were practicing for the nudist 
camp and that they had to take their clothes off, so they did."  Sharon 
smiled and  took off her blouse and showed her large firm round tits to 
the camera. She cupped them and pushed them forward and up, and 
rubbed her thumbs over her big brown nipples. "Doesn't your aunt 
wear a bra?" asked Kelly, licking her lips. "No, not much," replied 
Tracy. "She says she likes the way her nipples rub against the 
material."  Sharon unzipped her skirt and let it drop, showing an 
almost transparent pair of underwear. "Wow, you can see her cunny 
through her underpants, and  she hasn't got much hair on it, either - 
you can see her cunny slit really well!" observed Kelly. Tracy laughed. 
" Sharon keeps it trimmed short. She says she wants Uncle John to 
be able to find it easily!"  Sharon  slipped down her underwear, then 
turned around to show her firm bum cheeks to the camera, spread her 
legs a bit and then bent over to touch her toes. Her cunny mound 
pooched out behind her at the camera, and both girls rubbed their 
cunnies faster as the pretty blonde turned to face the camera again.

	 "I took this part where Daddy and Uncle John took their 
bathing suits off. They were shy and Amanda had to help them!" said 
Tracy, as the camera showed Amanda kneeling between the two 
men. She reached up and pulled down her father's bathing suit and 
Kelly gasped as his erection sprang out and swayed toward the 
camera. "Wow," she exclaimed, "Your uncle's sure got a big one!". 
"Just wait till you see Daddy's," replied Tracy as Amanda pulled down 
Hank's suit to reveal his erection. It was bigger than his brother's and 
the two stood there self-consciously, then the camera zoomed in for a 
closeup of Amanda's smiling face between the stiff cocks of her father 
and uncle.

	Now it was the turn of Amanda's brother Jerry, and she helped 
him as she had his father and uncle, unzipping his pants and helping 
him out of them. His underwear had a tent from his erection, and 
when his sister pulled them down it sprang up like the other two, but 
only about two and a half inches long. It and his small balls were 
smooth and hairless.  The camera pulled back for a long shot of 
everyone standing naked together and then the picture faded out.	
Harry had been watching the girls while they watched the video - both 
were sitting with their legs spread and their cunnies wide open, 
masturbating hard. 

	"Run it back a bit and let us look at  those hard cocks again," 
said Kelly, "Specially where Amanda pulls down her father's bathing 
suit  and your Daddy's. They looked nice and big."   "Hey," said Tracy, 
"Why don't we do like in the video and pretend we're practicing for a 
nudist camp. We can all take our clothes off!"  Kelly looked at the 
bulge in Harry's housecoat,  licked her lips and nodded, and in a 
minute they were all naked. "Kelly, you have lovely titties," said Harry 
to the girl, "Can I feel them? You can play with my cock if you want to. 
When did you start doing dirty things?" 

	Kelly sat beside the man and let him fondle her tits while she 
felt his cock and cuddled his balls. She told him that she had played 
sex games with her family for as long as she could remember. She 
and her brothers - one a year older and one a year younger than her - 
had always slept in the same bed and she remembered that they 
used to compare what they had in between their legs when she was 
about six years old.  She remembered her brothers  pulling up her 
nightie and touching her between her legs and her reaching into the 
fly of their pyjamas so she could play with their little things. They let 
her hold them when they peed, and she liked to make the stream of 
pee go all over, like water out of a hose. She used to pee standing up 
like her brothers, except she had to hold her trickle lips apart so the 
pee didn't hit them and dribble down her leg. 

	One day when she was about seven, her mother saw her lying 
on her bed feeling her little naked trickle. She took off all her clothes 
and lay down on the bed with her daughter and let her play with her 
big titties and feel her in between her legs. Kelly told her how good it 
felt to play with her naked trickle and her mother  showed her some 
different ways to masturbate. 

	"I always like sleeping in the same bed with someone else," 
Kelly told Harry, "because we can touch each other in between our 
legs and it feels so nice! When I was just little my brothers Joe and 
John used to show me their cocks and let me play with them so I let 
them look at the place the pee comes out of. They didn't have any hair 
around their cocks then. Their cocks got all stiff when we played with 
them, though. Daddy and Mummy used to let us watch them in bed 
and that's where we learned about boys putting their things into girls' 
trickles and rubbing them in and out. 

	"Mummy used to get the boys' cocks all hard by playing with 
them and sucking them and then she would sit on top of them and put 
their things inside her cunny hole. They used to like that because they 
could play with her big titties while she was moving up and down on 
their stiff things. When I tried it I couldn't get their things into my little 
hole but I put my finger in and rubbed it in and out, and Mummy told 
me how to make my hole bigger by putting things in it, and Daddy got 
me some rubber things of different sizes, like a hard cock, and I put 
them in my trickle hole and rubbed them in and out whenever I got the 
chance. It felt good! By the time I was eight I could get my brothers' 
things into my cunny hole like my Mummy could, and it felt nice when 
we rubbed them in and out.  Then when I was nine I asked my Daddy 
if he could try to put his big cock in my trickle hole, and he did! I liked it 
best when he did it to me because he made lots of lovely cum squirt 
up my hole."

	"Did you play with your Daddy's cock before that?" asked 
Harry. "Oh, sure," replied Kelly. "I was six the first time. He was having 
a bath and I came in to pee. I showed him how I played with my trickle 
and put my finger into my hole, and his cock got all hard while he 
watched me. I told him it was like my brothers' only bigger and he got 
out of his bath and we went  and lay down on the bed all naked and 
he said I could show him what I did with them if I wanted to. So I did 
and he helped me rub it up and down and I was surprised when all 
the white gooey stuff came shooting out of it because my brothers 
didn't do that. He said I did it very well and I could do it whenever I 
wanted to so I used to do it a lot. After that I used to go into their room 
at night and I would see Mummy playing with it and licking it and 
sucking on it and I wanted to do that too, and Mummy showed me 
how.

	 "You've got a nice big hole," Harry observed, leaning down to 
look at her vagina as he slipped two fingers up it, "What do you like to 
put in there?" I have a nice big rubber thing that Daddy bought me, 
look," and she reached down beside the couch and produced a nine 
inch long dildo about two inches across. "Show me how you use it," 
suggested Harry, and Kelly leaned a little farther back, licked the big 
bulby end and rubbed it around the entrance to her vagina. She 
slipped it up inside herself, closing her eyes dreamily as the big 
cylinder slid into her, then when it was in all the way, working it in and 
out. 

	 	"Daddy took this next bit later on when Amanda and I 
were fooling around by ourselves," observed Tracy, as she started the 
video again. Kelly left the big dildo in her cunny and Hank moved it in 
and out of her gently while they watched the video. "The pool is right 
next to the house, and Uncle Jack has a sort of one way mirror thing 
where you can look from the family room right into the pool below the 
surface - look!"  The two naked little girls were taking turns standing at 
one end of the pool with their feet apart, facing the pool wall. Tracy 
explained that was where the jet of warm water shot into the pool. "It's 
like when you let the Tpower shower' squirt on your clitty," she 
explained. Amanda's stepmother Sharon joined them and took her 
turn standing in front of the jet of water, standing with legs apart and 
holding her cunny lips open so the water could hit her clitty. Her big 
tits bounced in the water and Amanda and Tracy both played with 
them, while she felt in between their legs and fingered the cracks of 
their bulging cunnies. "Your Aunt likes to play games with you," said 
Kelly, "Do you have fun together in bed?" "We sure do," answered 
Tracy, "She's really good at licking my cunny! She sucks one cunny 
lip right into her mouth and runs her tongue all along it, tickling my 
little lips with her tongue and letting it go up my hole." I love getting my 
cunny licked," said Kelly, "I liked it last week when we all licked each 
other. That Bonny sure is good!"

	"Now, this is later on still," said Tracy. Her cousin Jerry was 
lying naked beside the pool on his back, and his sister Amanda came 
up to him and fiddled with his small soft cock with one toe. He looked 
up at her and said something, and she slipped a finger in her cunny 
crack and grinned at him, then straddled his chest and squatted over 
him, facing his cock and with her naked slit over his face. "Wow," said 
Kelly, "Your cousins like to play around too, do they?" "Oh, yeah," 
replied Tracy, "They've been doing it for a long time now." The screen 
showed Amanda leaning forward to grasp Jerry's little cock and start 
fondling it while she played with his balls. Soon it was stiff and 
upright, and she leaned forward and sucked the whole thing into her 
mouth, pursing her lips around the small erection. "Daddy took this 
part," said Tracy, as the camera took a close up of the young girl 
sucking on her brother's cock, then moved to show her balanced over 
his mouth while he pulled her asscheeks and cunny lips apart and 
lapped his sister's vulva. Reaching further up, he lapped and licked 
around the pink bud of her ass hole. The boy's hips thrust up and 
down, and then quivered as the camera showed his sister's face in 
closeup, a dreamy look on her face, while she pumped up and down 
on the shaft of the brother's cock and sucked on the head as her 
throat worked. Kelly giggled. "He sure must shoot a lot, the way she 
has to keep swallowing," she observed. Tracy nodded. "Andhe's 
ready to go again real quick," she replied. I did it to him just after that 
and I got three good big mouthfuls." The scene changed on the video.



	"The next day we headed off," said Tracy, "and the next night 
we stayed with Aunt Jane on her farm." Tracy explained that her aunt 
had never married and ran a sheep farm in the hills. The video 
showed that Tracy's aunt was a slender attractive woman of about 30. 
She had three large sheep dogs bouncing around her, and Tracy 
explained that they herded the sheep. They told Jane they had been 
practicing for the nudist camp they were headed for and Jane 
suggested they do it there as well, in her pool, so they all took their 
clothes off. 

	Jane had high firm tits and a lot of hair around her cunny. "The 
dogs got all excited when we took our clothes off," said Tracy, "and 
they kept trying to sniff our cunnies!"  The camera showed the dogs 
bouncing around, and  Sharon, who was lying by the pool, opened 
her legs and let one of the dogs sniff her in between her legs. The 
camera showed her spreading her legs wider, and the dog standing 
in between them, first sniffing and then licking her cunny.  "Oooo, 
wow! She likes doing that too!"  said Kelly, "I let one of our dogs lick 
mine last week and it's great." Tracy stopped the video so she and her 
father could hear  Kelly's story. 

	"I had got home before anyone else," she began, "and I was 
lying on my bed reading one of those naughty books you lent me, 
Tracy. I was rubbing my cunny a little bit while I was reading, not 
really masturbating just playing with it a little. Anyway Flash, that's our 
black Lab, bounced up on the bed and did the same thing as that one 
did with your Aunt, sniffing in between my legs. At first I put one hand 
over my cunny and pushed him away with the other but he kept on 
and it felt good when I was rubbing my cunny so I lifted my skirt up 
and let him sniff my cunny. His breath sort of tickled and he poked his 
nose against my underwear and bumped it into my cunny so I spread 
my legs and let him do it some more. Then I wondered what it would 
feel like if my cunny was all bare naked so I pulled my underwear off 
to the side and spread my legs some more so he could get at my 
cunny better. 

	"He started licking it and I held my crack open wider so he 
could lick it better. He made me come twice! Then I saw he had a 
hard-on, so I felt underneath him and played with his cock. I thought 
he had licked me so nicely the least I could do was to jerk him off. 
Besides, I'd never seen dog-cum before. So I got some KY jelly and 
put it on my hand and laid him down on his side. I started playing with 
his cock and he jerked his back legs forward and back. I just had to 
hold my hand still and it was like he was fucking my hand! He went 
faster and faster - boy was he fast - and suddenly he sort of shivered 
and started squirting cum all over the place! It was sort of cloudy but 
not creamy like peoples' is, but it comes out in long streams, not like 
short squirts. He got it on himself, on me and on the bed. There was a 
whole bunch of it. After I finished he licked himself and cleaned 
himself up and I cleaned it up too. I even tasted a little because I saw 
him lapping it up." "What did it taste like?" asked Kelly. "It was tasty," 
said the young teeny, "It's a different taste from people cum, but it 
tastes nice." 

	"Did you ever do it again?" asked Tracy, rubbing her clitty with 
her forefinger as they talked about Kelly's experiences. "Oh, you bet!" 
replied Kelly. "The very next day I got him to lick me again, and after 
he made me cum twice I got him on his side again and looked at his 
cock up close. there was a drop of something on the red pointy tip and 
I licked it off. It tasted sort of salty and his cock tasted nice so I licked it 
again. Then I licked it all over and he sort of whined to show he liked it 
and so I put the end in my mouth and sucked on it a little. I hadn't 
intended to suck him all the way off but his cock tasted so good I didn't 
want to stop! I kept thinking about how I was sucking a dog's cock and 
how dirty it was, and how good it tasted, and the more I did it the more 
I wanted to do it, ad I kept putting more and more in my mouth. He sort 
of fucked my mouth by moving his hips and then he squirted all this 
stuff in my mouth. It was all hot and thick and slippy and it came out in 
big long streams. I kept sucking him to get as much as I could."

 	Suddenly Harry knew the stimulation had been too much. "Uh 
oh," he said, looking down at his cock. He had avoided touching it for 
the past frew minutes, knowing that he was so horny the slightest 
thing would send him over the edge, but now he felt his cum rising. 
Tracy looked at the way her father's cock was twitching and jerking, 
waving in the air, and quickly knelt in frontof him. "C'mon!" she cried to 
Kelly, "Daddy's gonna cum in a minute  and we don;t wanna waste it!" 
Kelly knelt beside her friend and both fifth-graders looked up at the 
man's cock looming over their heads. "Are you gonna cum right 
now,m Daddy, or is it gonna drool out before ya cum?" asked Tracy. 
"Honey, if I even touch it, I'll cum, but my balls are so full they're going 
to overflow," he replied. "Shall I stand up?" "Oh yeah!" exclaimed the 
girl, and turning to her friend she explained. "The stuff comes out of 
his cock like a real river, but it's just the overflow. He'll stand up and 
let it drool out into my mouth - wanna try it?" "Sure!" exclaimed Kelly, 
and the man stood in front of the two fifth-graders, who knelt naked in 
front of him with their heads tilted back. 

	The man's huge cock swayed above their faces, and pulsed as 
Tracy  reached up and cuddled her father's huge balls gently. Both 
girls watched intently as the man's cock twitched and bounced. 
Suddenly the pisshole opened and a thick stream of creamy liquid 
poured out, down to the edge of the thick bulbous head and drooled 
down onto Tracy's upturned cheek. She quickly opened her mouth 
and caught the pouring semen, looking up at her father just as he was 
looking down at his daughter, and seeing her taking his hot cum into 
her mouth like a little baby bird being fed. The thick sticky semen 
continued to pourout of his cock, and Kelly licked her lips enviously. 
"Hey, when's it gonna be my turn?" she whined, and Tracy giggled, 
blowing a bubble in the lake of cum in her mouth. 

	She moved aside as Kelly slid her face into position and 
looked up at the cock pouring its thick streams of cum into her mouth. 
The young girl cupped her hairless cunny and fingered herself as the 
man filled her mouth with semen, and she swirled her tongue around 
in the deepening lake, washing it over her taste buds and savouring 
the flavour. Tracy kept fondling her father's balls with one hand while 
she fingered her slit with the other and watched her friend drinking the 
adult's cum. Then Kelly reached up and held the man's penis with her 
small hand, pulling it down towards her so it was pointing at her face, 
and the sensation was enough. "Oh, girls, here it comes," he groaned, 
and just as Kelly gulped and said, "Wha?" the cock above her face 
began squirting. 

	The first thick stream hit her right on the upper lip and the end 
of her upturned nose, and she jerked back in surprise just as the 
second blast shot out and bounced against her upper teeth, splashing 
off the roof of her mouth and down to the base of her tongue. The next 
shot straight into her open mouth and down to the beginnig of her 
throat, and then Tracy said, "Hey, I get some too! He's MY Daddy, 
remember?!" and pushed alongside her friend. Harry was in the 
middle of his orgasm, and sieing the dhaft of his cock, began 
masturbating it. "Play with my balls, honey," he grunted, "I got lots of 
cum for both of you!" Tracy cuddled and caressed her father's big 
balls while he masturbated his cum into his daughter's mouth and her 
friend's, making sure that both got a share of his thick creamy semen. 
When he was finished and the squirts had slowed and then changed 
to drools and then dribbles, both girls gulped down their loads of cum 
and licked the last traces of his cock, then cleaned each other off with 
their tongues. Then they sat back and relaxed. "I sure enjoy 
sleepovers, don't you?" asked Kelly of her friend, and they all 
laughed. 
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....