Archive-name: 3plus/sleepy02.txt
Archive-author: The Joker
Archive-title: Sleepy - 2


The next week at work, all I could think about was that night Larry
had almost fucked my wife, Sandy.  He and I never spoke about it, but
occasionally we would exchange smiles, him flashing that grateful smile
of his.

I had to admit, I had become obsessed with the thought of seeing
another man fuck Sandy, but there were still those nagging feelings
of uncertainty.  Seeing Larry molest Sandy as he did that night really
didn't bother me, but would I be able to handle seeing another man
actually fucking her?

As the weekend drew closer, I could see the look of anticipation grow in
Larry's face.  I know he was thinking, 'I wonder if he's gonna ask me
over again?', 'Am I gonna get another chance at that gorgeous brunette
wife of his?'.

Friday finally came, and it wasn't until just before quitting time that
I invited Larry over again.  He was beside himself joy!

"Oohhhh, yeah...GREAT!!!! I'll bring the beer, and a new fuck flick I
got in the mail this week!", he said excitedly.

"Ok. Be over about 9-ish.", I replied.

I knew that Sandy would be getting sleepy about then, and that Larry's
presence would probably initiate her going on to bed since she really
didn't enjoy his company all that much.  I laughed to myself at that
thought.  If she really knew what Larry was there for, not really
caring for him that much, she'd probably stay up all night, at least
till he left.

Then I did something that surprised even myself.

"Hey, Joe!  What are you doing later tonight?", I heard myself asking.

Joe was a fairly large black man.  He stood about six feet four inches
and weighed in at about 200 lbs.  He definitely wasn't a fat man, and
had a large, muscular frame.

"Ohhh...., nothing much.  What do ya have in mind?" he asked.

"Well, Larry and I are gonna get together over at my house tonight about
9 o'clock to have a couple of beers..., and whatever.  I think he said
something about bringing over a fuck flick.  Whatd'ya say?"

"Alright man...., but I might be a little bit later than nine.  I've got
to run an errand for my Pop, but it shouldn't take too long," he replied.

That's fine, see ya later on, then," I said, thinking that it might be
best if he DID come in after Sandy went to bed, her being brought up in
a fairly conservative southern home.

I turned to see the shock on Larry's face.  But it was a look of
pleasant shock.

I smiled and winked as I walked past him to leave, "See ya later, Larry!"

That night at dinner, I was preoccupied with the thoughts of what was in
store.  I bought a bottle of wine for supper, in hopes that Sandy would
be well on her way to a sound, good night's sleep before long.  As I
expected, it wasn't long before Sandy was giggling with the effects of
the wine.  An unexpected benefit, however was the wine had a stimulating
effect on her.

She began running her stockinged foot along my upper thigh under
the table.  Later on the couch, and a couple of glasses later, she sat
facing me with one foot on the floor and the other foot under her knee
while we watched TV.  This caused her short skirt to ride up her thighs,
exposing the tops of her stockings and the garter snaps that held them.
She opened her legs slightly further, showing me the top of her panty
clad crotch, just as the doorbell rang.

"Awwww!", she protested as I got up to answer it.

"I wonder who that could be?", I said, acting as if I didn't know it
was really Larry.

As I opened the door, Larry came in with a paper bag under his arm,
and stood next to the door as I shut it, looking at Sandy and issuing
the usual small talk greetings.  As I turned to go back to the couch,
I noticed that Sandy had not yet moved from her former position, as she
sat facing us and playing with a strand of her hair.  She obviously
was unaware that she was showing so much to Larry as she sat there
with a slight look of disappointment.  Larry stood there momentarily,
as they gazed at one another, her in deep thought, and him in disbelief.
Suddenly, she became aware of herself and quickly turned around on the
couch, adusting her skirt.

"Have a seat, Larry.  Here......, let me take this an put it in the
fridge,"  I said, taking the bag and walking into the kitchen.

As I was putting the beer away, I overheard Larry saying to Sandy that
he 'hoped that he wasn't interuppting anything'.

"No...., that's OK,"  I overheard her say, knowing full well that she
was lying through her teeth to be polite.  "We were just sitting here
watching some TV....., and thinking about hitting the sack."

I know she was trying to hint to Larry that now was not a good time for
him to be here.  Little did she know that there was more in store than
she ever dreamed of.

"What are you up to tonight, Larry", I said as I walked back into the
room, handing him a beer.

"Oh....., not much.  Just thought I'd drop by to see if you two were
interested in a few hands of gin."

"Sounds good to me, what about you, hon?", I said looking at Sandy.

The look on her face told me that she had resigned herself to the fact
that Larry was going to be here for a while.

"Well, if you guys don't mind...., I think I'm gonna call it an evening,"
she said, getting up off the couch.

'Perfect!', I thought,  everything was falling into place.

"OK, hon.  I'll be along in a little," I said, smiling at Larry.

He quietly mouthed the words 'I will too!' after she had passed him,
heading towards the bedroom.

After Sandy had gone to bed, Larry and I sat there staring blankly at the
TV, neither of us saying a word.  The air was filled with expectation.
About 10 o'clock, I heard Joe drive up into the driveway.  I got up to
let him in before he rang the doorbell.  I really didn't think it would
wake up Sandy....., but I wasn't taking any chances.

At first all we did was make small talk as Larry popped his new flick into
the VCR.  Joe still hadn't been let in on our little secret.  I wasn't
yet sure just how I was gonna go about it.  After about 15-20 minutes,
I noticed that Larry was getting a bit antsy.  He kept shifting around in
his seat and glancing at me as if expecting the signal to go anytime now.

"I'll be right back", I said, signalling Larry to stay put for awhile.

I wanted to make sure everything was set for what was about to happen.
Quietly, I slipped down the hall and into the bedroom.  Sandy was laying
on the bed on her back in one of her sheerest babydoll nighties, the cover
bunched up around her waist.  I guess the wine had really taken it's
toll on her, as she was really sprawled out on the bed, her arms above
her head on the pillow and one leg tossed over the side of the bed under
the covers.  She looked beautiful lying there with that typical little
pout she has when sleeping, her long brunette hair spread out under her
head on the pillow, just touching her shoulders.  Her breasts were readily
visible through the transparent material covering them as they stuck
almost straigt up like two conical, pink tipped mountains.  It didn't
look like I was going to have to do much at all to get things ready.

Quietly, I slipped over to the bathroom door and eased it open, letting
the soft light shine into the bedroom onto Sandy.  Then I slipped back
down the hall to where Larry and Joe were still watching the movie.

"Joe, you want another beer?" I asked, hoping that soon he would be
ready to take a leak.

"Sure...., thanks!" he replied.

Larry followed me into the kitchen, and quickly cornered me, "How are
you gonna do this?"

"Well, I thought we'd let Joe go back first when he has to take a leak.
Then, you and I will slip back and wait in the bedroom doorway to see
what he does."

Larry grinned, and hurried back out into the living room.  We watched
the movie for a while longer, as we remarked about some of the scenes
taking place.

It wasn't long before Joe had to go, "Hey, man....., where's your
bathroom at?"

"Second door on your right," I said, trying to keep the excitement in
my voice from showing.

Joe walked down the hall, and as soon as I heard the bathroom door shut,
Larry and I were off for the bedroom.  Standing in the bedroom, Larry's
gaze was fixed on Sandy.  Joe had neglected to shut the door leading to
the bedroom, probably because he didn't know anyone would be in there.
As I heard him finish up, I could hear him fumbling with his zipper as he
turned to head back out.  Suddenly, I heard him stop dead in his tracks.
He obviously had seen Sandy.

It seemed that he stood there for hours, as he watched her laying there,
her pert breasts rising up from her chest, plainly visible through the
thin fabric.

"Hol-leee Sheee-uuut!" I heard him exclaim in a whisper.

I could barely contain my laughter as I let out a snicker.  Joe heard
this and poked his head around the doorframe, looking straight at us.
I quickly help my finger up to my lips, shushing quietly, and motioned
him to come on in.

"Is that your wife?" he whispered queitly.

I nodded, taking him by the arm and leading him over to the side of
the bed.  Larry followed me and stood on my left as we looked at Sandy,
now just inches away.

"What'cha think?" I whispered, smiling at Joe.

He gazed at Sandy for a few seconds then turned to me, staring at me as
he appraised my motives.

"She looks beautiful, man," he whispered back, half smiling.

Gently, I reached down and grasped the edge of the covers.  I slowly
began pulling them down, exposing more of Sandy's firm, flat belly
covered only by her sheer nightie.  I pulled the sheet down to a point
between her navel and the beginning of her pubic mound, exposing the
lacy hem of her nightie.  Then I took the hem and very carefully eased
it up her creamy white torso, and over her pert white breasts.  Her pink,
shiny nipples began to harden with the contact fromwisp of air created by
my hands moving her top over them.  I scooted over to my left a little
to let Joe stand more directly in front of Sandy's firm young breasts,
to which Larry slipped around to Joe's right, standing right at Sandy's
head.  He wasted no time in unzipping his pants and stroking his dick,
as I motioned for Joe to gently feel Sandy's tits.

The contrast of his huge black hands against the firm white skin of
Sandy's tits as he gently fondled them was extremely exciting!  His huge
hands almost completely covered her medium-sized tits when he cupped them.
He gently took a nipple between his thumb and forefinger and squeezed
it slightly, evoking a quiet whimper from Sandy.

Meanwhile, Larry had rid himself of his pants, and was steadily stroking
himself directly over Sandy's face, just inches from her pouting lips.
He looked at me as he squeezed out some precum, letting it ooze out of
the head of his dick and drip slowly down, coming to rest directly on
her lips.  At first, she didn't move as the precum lay glistening on
her lower lip, but the sensation of it against her lip caused her to
lick it off with her tounge.

Seeing this, Joe stood up and unzipped his pants.  As he pulled his
pants and underwear down, one of the largest, blackest dicks I have
ever seen on a man sprang free from its moorings.  It must have been
at least twelve inches long, about three to three and a half inches in
diameter at the thickest point right behind the head.  The tip of his
uncircumsized dick was peeking out from the foreskin, and the shaft was
slightly curved upward from its dark, hairy base.

The thought of this massive black instrument plunging into Sandy's sopping
wet pussy thrilled something inside of me, but at the same time scared me.
I knew if he ever got it inside her, it would stretch her to her limit
if not tear her in half.  And there was no doubt in my mind, THAT thing
inside her would wake her up regardless of how sound asleep she was now.

He looked at me before bending down, bracing himself with his hand on
the other side of Sandy, and sucking her right nipple into his mouth.
He then hunched his hips forward and began to rub the head of his huge
black dick all over her left breast.  As he stroked himself, precum
began to ooze out of its black head coating Sandy's milky white breast
and pink nipple as it poked, prodded, and rubbed her tit.

Motioning for Larry to come down where I was, I gently pulled the covers
down further, momentarily stopping just below the top of Sandy's sheer
black lace panties before pulling the covers completely free of her
all together.  Her thin dark pubic patch was clearly visible beneath
the thin, lacy material.  Larry reached down and began to stroke her
smooth white legs, working his way upwards toward her crotch while all
the time stroking himself.

This got Joe's attention, as he stood up to watch but continueing to
rub his black dick and pre-spunk on her firm white tits.

Larry's caresses finally reached the top of Sandy's thigh, and gently
he rubbed his fingers across her lace covered pussy.  As he began to
move his fingers up and down along her slit, her hips barely began to
move back and forth, the first move she had made since we began other
than licking her lips.

I already wanted more!  Gently, I rolled Sandy over slightly so that I
could pull her panties down first on her left side, then on her right.
After getting them down to about mid-thigh, I quickly slipped them off
of her.

Sandy was now completely naked in front of these two horny men.  The sight
of this sleeping beauty lying naked and open before Larry and Joe as they
caressed, prodded and explored her body already had me close to the edge.

Larry had replaced Sandy's left leg to dangle off of the bed, and had
eagerly slipped between her thighs to begin exploring her tight, thin
haired brunette cunt with his fingers.   Cautiously at first, he began
to run his thumb lightly up an down her slit, his face just inches away.
Then he took her clit between his thumb and index finger and lightly
rolled it between them.  This caused Sandy to moan, drawing her legs up
until they met Larry's shoulders.

Joe was now rubbing the entire length of his dick all over both of
Sandy's firm tits, fondling them with his hand, and looking at Larry
working between her legs.

When I looked back at Larry, he had boldly replaced his fingers with his
tounge!  Gently he placed one of his fingers at the entrace to her hole,
pausing briefly to let her juices drain onto his fingers before slowly
plunging his finger inside her cunt.  Sandy gasped, her legs closing
tightly around Larry's head.  Undeterred, Larry continued his assault
with his tounge and fingers on my wife's sweet pussy.  Never before had
another man other than myself done this to her.

Quickly, I released my own cock from my pants and began stroking myself,
standing between Joe and Larry as they worked on Sandy.

Suddenly, Joe stepped around and gently pulled Larry back by his right
shoulder.  Larry looked up at him momentarily, then down at his huge black
dick, which was pointing directly at Sandy's pussy. Larry backed off as
Joe stepped between her legs and began rubbing the head of that monstrous
bload dick up and down her tight slit.  I could see the precum glistening
on the light covering of dark pubic hair that lined her moist slit.

I froze, not knowing just what to do.  I knew that Joe was planning on
fucking Sandy with his humongous dick, that really didn't bother me.
In fact, deep down that is what I wanted and had planned for.  But I
knew that Sandy would definitely wake up once that thing was inside her.
What's more, I had just noticed that Sandy's diaphram was lying on the
nightstand.  Normally, she would put her diaphram in when she knew that
we would be doing something, even when she went to bed before I did.
But tonight, I guess she was just too tipsy to remember.  The thought of
this black stud shooting his cum deep into my wife's unprotected pussy
triggered something inside of me, however.  I WANTED to see him dump
his load deep in her cunt!  I could no longer control my urges to see
this happen.  I had already lost control of this situation anyway.

After coating the head of his black dick with her juices, Joe placed
it right at the entrance of Sandy's tight young cunt...., and pushed.
Slowly, the huge black head began to disappear between her pussy lips,
her tightness resisting its probing.  Sandy's mouth opened as she gasped
in slight pain.  If this hurts now with just the head sticking inside her,
I thought, what's she gonna do when he tries to stick all of it in her?
But Joe was fairly gentle in his initial violation of her tight, hot cunt.
As gentle as he could be in his excited state.  He moved back and forth
in short quick strokes, stretching her twat little by little and plunging
slightly deeper with each thrust.

Larry had moved back up to Sandy's head, playing with her tits with
one hand and jacking himself off with the other over her face.  All at
once he bent over and softly kissed her on her open mouth, slipping his
tounge just inside, while at the same time continuing his manipulation
on her tits and his dick.  Sandy instictively pursed her lips slightly
as his lips touched hers, enveloping his tounge.  Quickly, Larry stood
up and placed the head of his dick against her lips, probing it just
inside Sandy's pursed lips.  Seemingly playing out some erotic dream,
Sandy began sucking on just the head of Larry's dick.  I heard him moan,
as slurping sounds escaped between his dick and her lips.

I returned my gaze to Joe's ministrations on Sandy's tight cunt.  He now
had about three good inches inside her pussy, the thickest part of his
dick now almost inside her.

Suddenly, as if a barrier had been broken, the thick bulge of his dick
slipped past the tight entrance of her hot hole and he began pumping
away inside her with earnest.  He only had about two-thirds of his dick
inside her when all of a sudden....... SHE WOKE UP!

At first, her eyes popped open then she gasped, releasing Larry's dick
from her lips as her pussy was filled to it's limit.  Everyone froze as
her initial disorientation dwindled and was replaced by her complete
awareness of what was going on.  Her gaze shifted from Larry's dick
hovering just above her lips, to Joe whose dick was still deep inside
her tight pussy.

Suddenly, to my surprise, she wrapped her legs around Joe, digging her
heels into his ass and pulling him deeper inside of her pussy as she
hunched up against him, grunting as his dick thrusted forward another
two inches deeper all at once.  He now had at least ten inches inside her
previously unadulterated pussy, and with each thrust he took more of her.

Larry replaced his dick against Sandy's lips, and again she began sucking
on the head.  But her concentration was on Joe's dick, stretching her
inside to limits beyond anything she had ever imagined.  Every time she
would attempt to suck Larry's dick, Joe would thrust more of his huge
black dick inside her, forcing her to pause while a muffled moan escaped
from between her lips and Larry's dick.

I began stroking myself even harder as I saw Joe shove his dick completely
inside of Sandy, her pussy lips completely disappearing as his huge dick
carried them along with it.  Each time he withdrew his dick, her juices
glistened heavily on his shaft as her pussy seemed to be pulled inside
out, clinging to the sides of his dick slightly like the fingers of a
glove as it's being pulled off inverted.

Quite suddenly Sandy began to cum - HARD!  Larry's dick sprang free as
she let out the first loud "OOHHHHHHhhh!"  Her whole body tensed up as
each subsequent wave of her orgasm swept over her, each time yelling
louder than the first as her climax continued to grow stronger.

This brought about Joe's orgasm, as her pussy clamped tightly around his
huge dick.  A low animal groan was heard deep from within him as he thrust
forward violently and began to cum deep inside Sandy's unprotected pussy.
Their moans and grunts mixed with each other as their climax built up
then subsided.

Huge gobs of cum dripped down the crack of Sandy's ass as Joe began
to withdraw his huge cock from her now sloppy pussy.  With Sandy still
lying on her back, Larry immediately jumped  between her legs, rubbing
his dick up and down her sloppy wet pussy lips, and then slipping
easily into her overstretched twat.  After just a couple of strokes,
he withdrew, and placed his dickhead at the entrance to her virgin ass.
Not even I had been able to fuck her in the ass yet, and I wondered if
she would stop Larry.

She offered no resistance, however, as Larry's dick dsappeared between
the soft folds of flesh surrounding her asshole.  She winced as his dick
plunged in almost halfway on the first stroke, but then as her sphincter
muscle relaxed, she began hunching against Larry, taking him all the
way inside her ass.

Joe moved around to her head and held his dick covered with cum and
pussy juice over her mouth.  Gently, she began to clean the sticky
mixture off of his flaccid dick, occasionally taking his member into
her mouth as far as she could.  Even though Joe's dick was now soft,
it was still about eight inches long, but Sandy managed to get about six
inches of it into her mouth as Larry pounded away at her tight virgin ass.

Larry's grunts began to get louder, as I straddled Sandy's chest,
sqeezing her firm tits around my throbbing dick as I began to fuck them.
Sandy released Joe's dick from her mouth and began to lick the head of
my dick each time it got close enough, but she still continued to fondle
his slippery dick and balls.

I was just about to dump my own load all over Sandy's chest and face
when I heard Larry's grunts change to loud moans as he emptied his balls
deep within my wife's virgin ass.  This was all it took for me as I too
began to shoot the first hot thick streams of cum between her tightly
squeezed tits.  I then thrust myself forward, plunging my dick into
Sandy's waiting mouth, where she began to swallow the rest of my pent
up seed.

Sandy continued to suck on my softening dick, as I collapsed against
the headboard.  I turned my head around to see Larry withdraw his dick
from her ass with a wet sounding "thhhupp!"

Larry spoke the first words, "Ohhhhh....., man!  That was great!"

All I could do was sigh as I rolled off of Sandy with a grin.  Sandy
smirked at me with a cute impish grin as she laid there, cum in and out
of all three of her holes, still fondling Joe's huge black dick.

"You're just full of surprises, aren't you?" she said softly.

"I'm not the only one," I returned, "It seems you're quite full of
surprises yourself!"


***

I hope you enjoyed this series.  I know this sequel has been a long time
in cumming (pun intended!), and I thank all of you who have encouraged
me and have helped me with some GREAT suggestions.

If you wish to contact me, just leave a message to "The Joker" on R&E's
(216) 727-2620; "The Wolfman" on The Nighthawk BBS (704) 622-1537; or
you can reach me at the Cylon Empire BBS at (704) 279-3295 by e-mail to
"The Joker".

--
