Archive-name: 3plus/slickfun.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Slippery Fun
    
    
        Jennie lay naked on the large beach towels, her body glistening in
   the warm sun.  Her deep tan was all the more evident by the creamy white
   skin that showed the skimpy size of her favorite bikini.  Three of her
   best friends sat around her, also naked, fingering themselves and rubbing
   their creams over her sweating body.  Jennie's own juices were soaking her
   thighs and the beach towel under her trim behind.  Kim, a blonde, had
   lowered herself down, legs wide, and was rubbing her slippery pussy back
   and forth on Jennie's pointy right tit.  The other girls were sweating in
   the hot sun too, and everywhere Jennie looked, she saw bare, glistening
   flesh.   
        The backyard of the condo was very private, if somewhat small. There
   were no fences, just stucco walls, and no second story windows to peer
   down at the spectacle of four naked, sweating young ladies.  Jennie was
   experiencing multiple orgasms, and they came so rapidly it felt like one
   long continuous climax.  The thick vibrating dildo that filled her pussy
   kept her muscles flexing, clenching, over and over.  
        Stephanie moved up next to Jennie's head, her fingers bringing her
   slippery juice to Jennie's cheeks.  Jennie looked at Stephanie's lithe
   body, and her long, firm breasts.  Stephanie was rocking her hips and her
   tits rippled with her motions, looking soft and inviting.  She watched the
   girl's fingers move towards her face, and then felt them slide wetly along
   her cheek, over her lips and down the other cheek.  The fragrance of her
   womanly scent reached her nostrils, and Jennie licked her cream covered
   lips, tasting Stephanie's cum.  It was salty-sweet, slick, and delicious,
   like a wonderful dessert to be lingered over. 
        Linda spread Jennie's legs, and worked the long dildo in and out of
   the slim, tan girl's cunt, watching the shaft glisten in the sunlight.
   Jennie's hips rotated as the thick plastic shaft slid in and out of her.
   Linda was fascinated and aroused by the erotic clenching of Jennie's ass
   each time the ersatz cock changed directions.  Linda was rubbing her own
   pussy against Jennie's lean thighs.  Linda leaned forward, letting her
   long black hair drape over Jennie's lower abdomen and mons, caressing the
   girl with her silky soft strands.  Linda's almond shaped eyes closed as
   she neared orgasm, and her slight Asian body shook as her climax surged
   through her tiny frame.  Her juices made Jennie's thigh slick, and they
   coated her own crotch with a pleasantly warm wetness. 
        Kim leaned over and suckled on one of Linda's small dark nipples,
   making the Oriental girl smile sexily, and sigh.  Kim reached down and
   rubbed Linda's clit, her fingers sliding through the sparse soft hair that
   barely covered the girl's mons.  They were a study in contrasts, with
   Kim's fair skin contrasting against the darker tone of the Asian girl's.
   Kim was a big girl, almost five foot ten, with large, full breasts, a soft
   round pair of globes formed her behind, and creamy white skin.  Compared
   to the blonde, Linda looked even smaller than her even five feet, with
   almost delicate features, a deep brown skin tone that spoke of her
   Polynesian background, small breasts capped with dark half-dollar sized
   nipples, and a tight, trim ass.  
        Stephanie tossed her left leg over Jennie's head, and slowly lowered
   her soaking wet pussy down towards Jennie.  Stephanie had shaved her pussy
   bare, leaving her mons barely covered by her thick mat of brown hair.
   Jennie watched the bare, glistening pussy descend towards her face, enjoy-
   ing the sight of Stephanie's shapely curves, and the warmth radiating from
   her body.  Stephanie's soft thighs and buttocks pressed against her and
   she extended her tongue, licking the girl's slick, slippery twat, tasting
   her creamy delights.  Stephanie jerked, then released a flood of cream
   over Jennie's lips and tongue which Jennie lapped up eagerly. 
        Kim moved onto all fours, and Stephanie leaned forward, licking
   around Kim's puckered pink anus, then down to her gleaming wet cuntlips.
   Kim raised up and let Stephanie tongue her channel, while Linda turned and
   rested her head on Jennie's mound, sucking Kim's swaying tits.  Cream
   flowed from Kim's blonde pussy, and she shuddered in a long climax,
   drenching Stephanie's face with her juice, and pressing her chest against
   Linda's sucking lips.  
        The four sweaty and, for now, satisfied girls rested in the sun, well
   apart from each other, yet close enough so that each could stroke
   another's thigh or breast.   
        "I'm parched." Kim said.
        "Me too." Linda added.
        The four slowly got up, gathering the beach towels before entering
   the coolness of the house.  The hot July afternoon made them all sweat,
   and along with their slick creams, the girls were covered with wetness.
   Jennie opened the refrigerator, letting it's cool air wash over her naked
   body, and removed a large pitcher of iced tea.  Linda poured and handed
   out the glasses which each of them drained.  
        "Shower?", Jennie asked, lowering her glass from her lips.
        "Mmm, yeah.", Stephanie said, wiping a running droplet of sweat from
   between her breasts.  
        "I gotta go first.", Kim said, heading for the front bathroom.
        The others headed for Jennie's bedroom and the shower.  Linda's tiny
   figure made her a delight for Jennie to put her arm around, and then
   Stephanie did likewise.  Each kissed the other, with Jennie pinching
   Linda's small soft breast. 
        "Oh, don't get me started again.", Linda said.
        Jennie's shower was big enough for the four of them, and they all
   soaped each other up, shared the chores of shampooing, especially Linda's
   long black hair, and then finally they rinsed each other off playfully. 
        
        The four girls were lounging around in Jennie's living room, wearing
   light clothes in the summer heat.  Jennie wore her nylon shorts, and a
   knit tube top only.  Shorts were in favor, as were bikini tops, with Kim's
   top being almost indecent. Kim's top was a pair of small triangles that
   covered her nipples, but left most of her large tits exposed.  
        The phone rang and Jennie answered it, talking for a few minutes,
   then hanging up with a "see you in a bit then." before returning to the
   sofa.   
        "Who was that?", Stephanie asked.
        "Shauna.", Jennie replied, "She's coming over."
        "Where's she been?", Kim asked. "I haven't seen her for days."
        They talked for a few minutes until the doorbell interrupted them.
   Linda got up and bounced over to the door, throwing it open.  Linda really
   liked Shauna a lot, and was eager to greet her.   
        Shauna looked at her small, pretty Asian friend and smiled broadly.
   Linda wore the tiniest of bikinis without revealing any more than some
   girls do in a modest one.  
        The girls watched the redhead enter the house and kiss Linda warmly.
   Shauna greeted the others, and peeled off her light blouse, revealing her
   firm round naked breasts with their pink nipples.  She wore white shorts,
   which she slid to the floor, showing off a blue bikini bottom.  
        "God it's hot out there.", she said.
        They began talking, asking Shauna why she'd missed their get-together
   and Shauna began explaining excitedly.  She'd gone out with another
   friend's brother, and found that he was terrific in bed.  The two of them
   had similarly large sexual appetites, and devoured each other into the wee
   hours of the morning.   
        "The truth is,", Shauna explained, "I was so tired this morning I
   slept until noon." 
        Everyone laughed, then Stephanie asked for vital statistics.
        "Hmm, he's twenty eight, single, brown hair and eyes, nice looking
   but average, mustache, about five eight or nine, and in pretty good
   shape.", Shauna replied to the question, stopping abruptly. 
        "C'mon Shauna." Kim urged. "How BIG!"
        Shauna giggled, "He's not bad," She started, "about seven inches,
   more or less, but...", her voice trailed off. 
        "But what?" Linda asked, her eyes getting wider.
        Shauna held her hand up, forming an unjoined circle as if she were
   holding a narrow glass. "About that big around."  Several "ooo's" and
   "ahhh's" came from her friends. Then, mocking a popular commercial, Shauna
   said, "But wait! There's more!" 
        They urged her to tell them, and she held their rapt attention as she
   cleared her throat to continue.  Shauna licked her lips, smiling and
   trying to hold back. 
        "This guy can cum like anything!", Shauna said. "I sucked him off
   last night, and I couldn't swallow it all!  I swear he must've shot a
   gallon in my mouth!"
        Kim and Jennie both muttered "ooooh" and felt their nipples crinkle
   up.  Stephanie and Linda both licked their lips. The knew that Shauna was
   very orally skilled, with men and women, and that she loved to swallow a
   man's seed.  For her to exclaim that she'd been unable to drink him down
   meant that he did indeed come a lot. 
        
        The night was cooling off, and Shauna had called Kevin on the phone,
   giving him directions to Jennie's condo.  She told him that they would
   give him the time of his life tonight.  The girls all prepared themselves
   for a good time.  In the hour before Kevin arrived, the girls cleaned up,
   put on their faces, and dressed in light, breezy clothes.   
        Kevin arrived carrying several bottles of chilled white wine. Shauna
   kissed him as he entered, then made the introductions.  Everyone in the
   room looked him over, and he looked over the variety of women, drinking in
   each girl's charms with his soft brown eyes.  
        Shauna hadn't lied about him looking good, if somewhat average. Linda
   took the wine to the kitchen, and Shauna led Kevin to the sofa.  Some good
   natured ribbing, back and forth, took place, and Linda returned with wine
   for everyone.  Kevin had selected a nice, fruity wine that pleased the
   palette and was soothing with it's chill.  Shauna told Kevin that she'd
   told her friends a little about his "special talent".  
        "What do you mean 'a little'?", Jennie asked. "There's more?"
        Shauna looked at Kevin for a sign. He smiled at her, barely winking
   over his wine glass.  
        "Well, yeah.", Shauna said, "But I didn't want you guys to get too
   greedy right away."
        They urged Shauna to tell, and then pressured Kevin. Both declined.
        "I suppose the only way you'd believe it anyhow", Kevin began, "would
   be to show you."   
        The girls agreed, fascinated and curious.  Kevin stood and removed
   his shirt.  His body was still firm, but showing some slight padding that
   needed attention.  Shauna undid his belt, slowly unzipping his jeans while
   Kevin kicked off his shoes.  Shauna slid his pants and shorts down, making
   Kevin almost naked in front of the others.  His cock was semi-hard and
   growing before their eyes. Especially right before Shauna's eyes - and
   face. 
        His cock was about seven inches, and pleasantly thick, but not club-
   like. The head was perfect, flaring out gracefully just slightly larger
   than the shaft.  Shauna licked the drop of pre-cum from the tip and used
   her tongue to spread it over the head.  
        "C'mon girls!", Kevin smiled. "Let's get naked."
        The girls did, quickly since they wore only outer clothing. Shauna
   let each one take their turn sucking Kevin's cock while he stood.  Shauna
   and Kevin kissed almost the entire time, with Kevin pulling and rolling
   her nipples.  Kim licked up the crack of Shauna's ass, and slipped a
   finger deep into her red bush.   
        "Okay, what's so special?", Stephanie asked.
        "Suck me off and I'll show you." Kevin told her. Kim added that they
   all knew he came a lot, and Kevin said that there was something even more
   erotic than that. 
        Stephanie began sucking his cock, working down until she had most of
   it in her mouth. Back and forth, up and down, in and out.  Stephanie
   cupped her long tits up against his balls, and Kevin groaned, thrusting
   his hips forward.  Stephanie choked a little as the cock deep in her mouth
   spurted a long, thick stream of warm sperm into her mouth.  Stephanie
   swallowed it noisily, gulping the thick cream down.  Another spurt fired,
   and then another, too quick for her to swallow.  More thick salty cum
   gushed into her waiting mouth, and it began leaking past her lips. 
        "Ooooh, cum in her mouth baby!" Shauna cooed loudly.
        Kevin trembled and spurted another stream into Stephanie's mouth.
   Stephanie had never had so much in her mouth at once, and struggled to
   swallow the growing flood. Kevin pulled back quickly, removing his rigid
   shaft from her lips.  The sperm poured out of her mouth for half a second,
   thick, white, and creamy.  It ran over her lower lip, down her chin and
   long strings of jism dripped onto her full tits.  As she closed her mouth,
   more cum surged out, creating a white waterfall over her chin and soaking
   her chest.  Stephanie gulped, her throat expanding to take the large load
   of sperm to her stomach. Kevin's cock throbbed and jerked upwards,
   spurting a last long stream against Stephaine's upper lip and cheek with
   an audible splat. 
        "Jeeezus!", Jennie muttered.  Stephanie opened her eyes, looking up
   at Kevin.  They were glazed with amazement and lust.  Linda, Kim, and
   Jennie rubbed the thick cream over Stephanie's tits, licking some from
   their fingers.  The taste was normal, warm, salty and slightly bitter.
   Linda licked a thick glob from Stephanie's chin and then kissed her.   
        "Next." Kevin said, sitting on the arm of the sofa.
        Kim  was closest, and she leaned over, taking the head into her
   mouth. Kevin slid his fingers down to replace Kim's inside Shauna's pussy.
   Kim could taste the cum on Kevin's cock and it excited her even more. She
   licked and sucked him clean, then began sucking his cock with long strokes
   that forced his cock against the back of her throat.  Her lips tugged at
   the base of his shaft, and Kevin hips trembled. 
        "Are you telling us he can cum again?" Linda asked.
        "Just watch." Shauna said quietly, a pink flush growing between her
   lovely tits.  Then to Kim, she said softly, "Work it fast and sloppy Kim.
   Use your tongue on the head." 
        Kim did, pulling back and swirling her tongue around the head.
   Several long strokes later, Kevin groaned.  His hips arched off the arm of
   the sofa, and Kim moaned.  They could see Kevin's body spasm, and Kim
   gulped down a load of cum.  Kevin shot again and Kim leaned back, letting
   him squirt on her face and neck.  She expected a few good spurts, but
   Kevin kept shooting thick, heavy streams of semen all over her face, until
   it ran down her neck.  Kim kept pumping his cock, until he stopped,
   shuddering and thumping back down on the sofa.   
        "Oh God!", Kim cried. "What a load!"
        Kevin smiled and Shauna chuckled. Kevin looked at the tiny Linda and
   crooked his finger. "You're next." 
        Linda slid her tiny body between his legs and ran her tongue up and
   down his shaft, tasting the sperm that still clung to it.  Kevin's hips
   rocked up and down as she licked, and Shauna bent her head and sucked on
   one of Kevin's nipples.  He hissed through his teeth as she pulled on his
   right nipple with her lips. 
        Jennie was fingering her sopped pussy with one hand, and licking the
   drops of cum from Stephanie's tits, trying to watch Linda work Kevin's
   cock. Her dark face with the pinkish white cock between her lips looked
   sexy, and her almond eyes were closed in rapture. 
        Linda could only take half of his cock into her mouth, but she
   swirled her tongue in circles around the head, flicking the sensitive
   underside and pulling the rim of the head backwards.  In only one minute
   of sucking Kevin again began to tremble and arch his hips forward.  
        "Here...it...CUMS!", he breathed hoarsely.
        Linda held the head in her mouth and the girls watched the thick cock
   jerk between her lips. Linda flinched as the first stream gushed against
   her tongue and the back of her throat.  Another warm jet surged into her
   mouth, followed by three more in rapid succession.  Linda felt it filling
   her mouth, and then pulled back, pointing his spurting cock at her small
   dark tits.  A thick stream drew a line from her chin, down her neck to the
   middle of her chest.  Like a hose, Kevin came on her small tits, covering
   them with his glistening white cum.  Linda pumped him several times then
   began licking his cock off. Kevin shuddered and his cock jerked at her
   touch.  Linda swallowed his semen, licking the rest from her lips.   
        Jennie felt as if she were on fire now, and needed no invitation to
   suck this wondrous cock.  She changed places with Linda, and began licking
   Kevin's balls.  She ran her tongue up his shaft, flicking the head and
   getting Kevin to tremble. 
        "I want you to shoot your thick cum all over my face stud.", Jennie
   said lustily. "I want you to soak me in sperm!" 
        With that she sucked the entire length of his cock down her throat
   and back up.  Shauna had moved over and was licking Kevin's last load of
   cum from Linda's tits, letting Stephanie suck her redheaded cunt.  
        Twice more Jennie sucked his cock down, and then felt the familiar
   swelling of his shaft. "It can't be.", She thought, "not this fast." 
        It was. Kevin erupted with a groan, and his semen began filling her
   mouth.  Jennie was trying to keep her lips pressed tightly to his shaft,
   so none would leak past.  Kevin's cum spurted, gushed, and shot into her
   mouth, each stream as thick and long as the one before it. Jennie's cheeks
   bulged, and then Kevin pulled his cock out of her mouth quickly,
   surprising her.  The thick pool of sperm rushed from her mouth and over
   her chin, coating her lips and chin. The white waterfall of cum ran down
   her chest, spreading into rivulets of thick white semen that coated her
   tits. And still he spurted into her face! 
        Shauna reached over and pumped his purple cock, and Kevin groaned,
   shaking his hips and trembling all over.  Jennie was getting thoroughly
   drenched, and now Shauna pointed the spurting shaft at her tits.  
        "Cum Kevin! Soak me down with your cum! Jizz all over me!", she cooed
   as she pumped more of his rich semen against her freckled tits.  
        Kevin stood suddenly and forced his cock into her mouth, tossing his
   head back and supporting himself on her shoulders. Shauna kept pumping his
   cock, letting the sperm fill her mouth.  When her mouth was full, she
   pumped it along her cheek, sending jets of white jism into her red hair
   and down the side of her face.   
        She let go of his cock, and Kevin leaned back, turning sideways as
   firing one long, last stream of sperm through the air to land directly on
   Linda's cheek. Then he collapsed onto the sofa cushions, flushed and
   breathing raggedly.  
        The five girls licked the cum from each others' faces and tits,
   smearing the creamy stuff into their skins.   
        "If I hadn't seen that, I'd never have believed it!" Kim said.
        "I'm...", Kevin began, pausing to take a deep breath, "multi orgasmic
   -- that's the big...surprise." 
        "Boy was it!!" Linda said.
        Kevin chuckled. "Give me about an hour to recharge.", he smiled.
   "Then let's see how full I can get your cunts." 
        The girls laughed, and then Jennie leaned forward, sperm still
   clinging to her left nipple, and kissed his cock. "Don't forget,", she
   said coyly, "we have tight assholes to fill too." 
        Kevin groaned. He knew it would be a long night, and he'd be sore in
   the morning. Then he grinned, thinking to himself. "What the hell!" 
    
   --End-- 
        
--
