Archive-name: 3plus/sloppy.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sloppy


        I have been married to the woman of most men's fantasies for
nearly ten years now.  Those ten years have been punctuated by
some love adventures that make others pale by comparison.  Joy
has always been a free spirit, but given her heavenly body, that
was easy to overlook.  For the first five years of marriage, we
explored each other in every sexual way imaginable.  I could not
see how our love life could be any richer.
        I guess I'd begun to badger her about fucking other men. 
When we fucked I kept telling her how much I wanted to suck
another guys come out of her.  Just saying it could often push me
over the edge.  Still, you can imagine my amazement when I came
home one day and she told me in vivid about having it off with
the neighbors!
        She had locked herself out of the apartment when she stepped
out to get the mail.  At the time, all she had on was her panties
and a beach wrap.  Darren, the guy next door seized the
opportunity and invited her to wait in his apartment for the
super to open the our door.  One thing led to another, and
suddenly he was pounding his eight-inch monster inside her.
        Now, my wife had a hard time cooling down once she gets
going.  Darren was wrung out, but she was begging for more, so he
invited four of his friends over.  She said that she had never
felt so wicked in all her life.  It was the first time she had
done more than one man at a time, but to hear her talk, it would
not be the last.
        She took them on one by one until an hour before I came
home.  Then she did all five at once.  The biggest, fattest cock
lodged in her cunt, the second biggest in her ass, one in each
hand and the smallest in her mouth.  She said it only lasted
about fifteen minutes but felt like hours.
        While telling me all this, Joy stared sheepishly at my
shoes.  When she finished she looked up and saw the bulge in my
pants.  Smiling wickedly, she immediately assumed a dominant
role.  She told me that I would be her slave for that evening. 
She laid out the special outfit that I had gotten her and made me
bath her, shave her pussy and apply generous amounts of
moisturizer to her perfectly shaped body.  I did not know what
she had in mid, but I knew that someone was in for a treat.
        She disappeared from our apartment clad only in a sheer
robe, and a moment later I heard Darren's door shut.  Surely this
wasn't what it was all about.  Half and hour later she burst
through the front door and found me kneeling by the side of the
bed where she had instructed me to stay.  "Party time," Joy said. 
"Naughty Darren couldn't wait.  He left a present for you."
        Joy reclined on the bed, unfolding her recently fucked slit. 
I knew right away what she wanted me to do.  The sight of our
neighbor's come oozing out of my wife's fiery hole did me in.  I
sucked so hard I almost turned my wife inside-out.  "Calm down,
boy.  There's plenty more where that come from," she said,
obviously enjoying herself.  I was all the more anxious to see
what the night would bring.
        She dressed in a black lace bra, a pair of "come and get me"
stockings, a garter belt and crotchless panties that excited me
to no end.  She placed my finger in her slit.  "Do you approve?"
she asked, placing my finger in my mouth.  She brought herself
off on my fingers.  "Just a little preview of things to come,"
she joked.
        By eight o'clock, she had me bound with a blindfold on. 
Occasionally she would let me know that she intended to keep my
tongue very busy that night.  When the doorbell rang I nearly
fainted with anticipation; what could she have in store?  It
sounded like the whole neighborhood was in our living room!  The
sound of clinking glasses and sexual moans filled the air.
        After a while Joy returned to the bedroom and kissed me.  I
was more than a little shocked when she passed me a mouthful of
come.  "See what our guests have brought you?  I told you there
was more."  She grabbed my erection.  "You see, darling, Darren
arranged an Abstinence Party.  Each of our guests had abstained
for over a month."  She left the room again, this time returning
with a group of men.  She walked over and removed my blindfold. 
"I'd like you to meet your host," she said.  "My husband, Tim." 
The men smiled.
        "And now, boys, it's show time," she said as she let her
robe fall to the ground.  The men carried her over to within
inches of me and positioned her on her back with her ass pointing
straight up in the air, "I planned the party, Tim, so you'd get a
good show," my wife said.
        I could not believe how terribly aroused I got watching as
one by one the half-dozen or so men paraded by, pausing just long
enough to stick their dicks inside my wife and shoot a load of
semen into her.  Joy instructed one of them to untie me.
        Now the men were all over her.  She had a man on each of her
voluptuous breasts and another man straddling her face.  She
moved him aside long enough to give me directions.  "Tim, I want
you to guide the tour through the attraction to make sure they
don't stay in one place too long."  Instinctively, I knew what
she wanted me to do.  One by one I grabbed their steely cocks and
let them have her cunt just long enough to leave their juice and
move on.
        This went on for about an hour and a half.  My poor prick
was so hard it hurt.
        "Not Yet," Joy barked as she caught me touching myself. 
"You have to earn that," she called out.  She ushered all but the
three men out of the apartment.  "Lie faceup on the bed," she
ordered.  I did as directed.  She had the men pick her up and
center her on my chest.  "Where are your manners?"  She shot at
me.  "you know you've got to put your lips to the cup."
        Soon I was gulping down semen.  "I think he approves," she
said to her helpers.  With that, they tilted her right over my
mouth.  As the last of the party's offerings was sucked from her
pussy, I found her love button and she went off like a skyrocket,
adding her own come to my already special drink.
        Joy climbed off my face and knelt over my cock.  "Now for
the act that should bring the house down," she said.  The three
men moved into position as if they were extras in a play.  One of
them worked his cock into her upturned bottom.  She "hand pumped"
the other two vigorously.  "This is how it's got to be from now
on, Tim," she said between strokes.  "I love you more than I ever
have, but I gotta have cock."

--
