Slumber Part Nightmare, part 1 
 
Jennifer Hegelion called up Marcy Baccat at five o'clock. When Marcy 
picked up, the teenage blond bombshell said, "hey, my parents are gone 
for the weekend. Wanna come over? I'm having a slumber party?" 
Marcy, 5'5", raven-haired and eyed, thought about it. She was supposed 
to help her younger brother with his homework..."Sure!" She said. 
 
So too did Angelica, an almost white-haired blond with a slim but 
bounteous figure, Molly, the youngest of the group at 15, and Stacey, a 
long-haired brunette with a plain face covered up by glasses. 
Marcy and angelica arrived at 7:00, with the other too girls arriving a 
little after 7:30. For a while, they watched TV -- 90210 and Melrose 
Place. 

Then they ordered and pizza and took the car out to rent a movie. They 
decided to watch "fatal instinct" and "indecent proposal." By the time 
they got back from the MovieMaster, the pizza delivery boy was already 
there. The girls giggled and paid for the pizza. The boy waited to be 
tipped, but was blown off by the girls. Stalking away, he vowed 
revenge... 
 
The girls ate their pizza and made some popcorn. They were half-way 
through "indecent proposal" when molly had to use the bathroom. 
Jennifer's house was big, but old. The only bathroom was on the second 
floor. Molly stood up, pushing her curly blond hair out of the way, and 
went to the bathroom. She was only 15, so she still had some baby-fat 
on her; not what one might call attractive, but cute in a young girl sort 
of way. However, her breasts had started swelling recently and they 
pressed against her white T-shirt. 

She went into the bathroom door and closed and locked it. The shower-
curtain was closed, but she mistook the heavy breathing behind it for the 
wind. 

Young molly lifted up the toilet lid, and unzipped her jeans. She pushed 
her plain white panties around her ankles and squatted over the toilet. 
She put her head down, and her hair hung over her eyes. 
Urine started pissing into the toilet, and the shower curtain was flung 
open. A horrible, naked, masked figure leaped out. Molly threw her 
head up, but a fat hand muffled her mouth. The man's other hand yanked 
her up by her hair, and shoved her roughly against the opposite wall. 
Molly was still pissing uncontrollably, and the hot urine ran down the 
insides of her legs. 

The fat man pressed her up against the wall with his body, keeping one 
hand over her mouth. She could feel his erection swell against her young 
body. For molly, who'd only ever reached first base with a boy, it was a 
horrible sensation. She could hear the man's ragged breathing, but 
couldn't feel his breath, as he towered more than a foot over her. 
The man's other hand reached down and began roughly squeezing 
molly's ass-cheeks. Fat fingers slipped in and out of her pussy, and 
worse yet, her tight anus. She gasped as the man inserted another finger 
up her asshole, and began twisting them wickedly around. 

She squirmed and bucked against this unthinkable rape, but she only 
heard the man giggle and say, as much to himself as to her, "so you 
don't like things in your shit-hole, do you, fucking little girl." He sneered 
behind his mask and shoved a third finger into her ass, and started 
humping her hole with them roughly and cruelly. 

Sweet young molly squirmed. She tried to scream or beg, but the mans 
hand was held tight against her mouth. She smelled cigar smoke on his 
fingers. 

Then the man holding her did something even more awful. He knelt 
down, and his huge penis slid down her back. He removed his fingers 
from her aching anus, and molly in her naiveté thought the rape was 
over. How wrong she was. 

The man guided the purple head of his over-grown cock till it pushed up 
against her asshole, stretched just a little now. 

As he started pushing up, and his penis wedged itself slowly and 
painfully into molly's virgin asshole, he pulled molly roughly down on it. 

She tried to wriggle and thrash about, but the man was too strong for 
her, and seemed to enjoy it anyway. She tried screaming -- her friends 
and peaceful safety were only downstairs -- but his hand was 
immovable. The hand covering her mouth folded in and pried he jaws 
apart, then it slipped inside her mouth and forced its way back until it 
was gagging her. Molly could still breath, but not a lot. 

And she almost forgot to when the head of his enormous cock, which 
must have been four inches wide and a foot long, finally forced her 
bunghole open and marched its way in. 

The evil man forced more and more of his massive cock into poor little 
molly, who thought she was going to be ripped apart. Then the man 
stood up, raising molly off the floor, her only support the disgusting 
cock in her anus. This hurt her even more and she thrashed about. Her 
sphincter clenched against his cock, trying to expel the invader, but this 
only inspired the man more. With his other hand, he roughly grabbed 
and squeezed one of molly's unfortunately large breast, crushing it like 
dough with his strength, and used it as a convenient handhold to pull 
molly's small body up and down the length of his giant cock. 

Blood was starting to flow from her asshole, which was never designed 
to take this kind of abuse, and as his hand tortuously pulled and 
squeezed her tits, yanking them this way and that, stretching and 
contracting them as if he designed his motions to cause the most pain 
possible, which he had, molly lost consciousness... 
 
Downstairs, the four girls finished watching the movie. 

"Molly's sure taking a long time," said Stacey. 

"Sure is," giggled Marcy, "maybe she fell in." 

"Or," quipped Angelica sarcastically, "maybe a masked stranger came 
and had his way with her!" They all laughed at that absurdity. 

"Well, I'll go get her," said Stacey and climbed upstairs. 
 
Turning the corner at the top of the stairs, Stacey saw that the bathroom 
door was open. She heard unidentifiable sounds coming from inside, so 
she went to investigate. When she looked in, she stopped, stunned in 
terror. 

There was a huge, fat, naked masked man. He was still balling poor 
molly's rear; he had her head stuck into the toilet bowl, and was mauling 
her young breasts with both hands, stopping occasionally to smack her 
slightly fat ass-cheeks. 

Stacey stood as if paralyzed for a moment, until the hulking maniac 
noticed her. He stood off, molly's tight asshole letting go of his 
enormous dick with a slow sucking sound. She fell to the ground. 

The man's prick, 12" long and covered with her friends blood and shit, 
stood out, quivering as if it were alive, pointed at Stacey. She tried to 
scream -- she turned and ran, but immediately the man grabbed a 
handful of her hair and yanked her back hard, so that she flew off her 
feet. Her glasses crashed to the ground and she lost consciousness... 
 
"What was that?" Asked a nervous Marcy when they heard the muffled 
cry from upstairs. 

"Oh, probably just molly and Stacey up to their old tricks. Leave 'em 
alone. Teach 'em good if we just ignored them..." 
 
Stacey opened her eyes slowly. With her glasses gone, she was nearly 
blind. The first thing she noticed was that she was bound with a rough 
hemp rope -- tied squatting back to back with another naked person, 
and yes her clothes had been ripped of off her, who could only be molly. 

The ropes tied them above and below Stacey's breasts, much smaller 
than molly's. Her thighs were strapped to her lower legs, and her ankles 
were bound together. Her balance might have been precarious had it not 
been that her feet were also now locked in some sort of stock. 

She tried to scream, only to find she had been gagged -- and this 
frightened her most of all. The gag was not gentle or subtle, just a block 
of wood forced between her teeth, keeping her jaw wide and aching, 
held their by duck-tape wrapped around her head. 

Then she heard a voice. The masked rapist's voice. Oddly familiar 
though... 

"OK, whore. I see your awake. Since you can't see anything without 
your glasses, I'll describe what I'm doing. I'm behind you, in front of 
molly, who, if you'll notice, is trying to beg mercy from me. She, like 
you and your friends upstairs, is a stupid cunt. I have no mercy. 

"The reason molly is trying to appeal to my kinder nature is that I'm 
holding a whip -- a really special whip, designed for mutilating big tits 
like this pigs. I made it myself -- three lengths of electrical wire tied 
around multiple little hooks. I'm holding it up to her face, waving it in 
front of her terrified eyes. 

"Have you ever heard a fifteen year old scream when one of their tits 
gets slaughtered by one of these things. You shortly will. See, I'm gonna 
whip molly's fat left tit until it is bleeding rags. Then I'll figure out how 
to handle her right tit. 

"Ready, molly?" 

Molly moaned, her asshole still aflame from the violent raping, "no 
please! Don't! For the love of god!!! AAIIIGGGHHH!!!" 

Stacey heard the whisper of the cruel instrument though the air, and the 
unmistakable crack as it landed solidly against her friends suffering tit. 
She felt blood spray against her back. She tried desperately to ignore 
molly's hideous screams, not daring to imagine what was happening to 
her friend, but couldn't. It seemed the whipping and mutilation of the tit 
went on forever. Blood sprayed freely across the room. Molly rocked 
hard in the ropes, shaking her blond head back and forth, wailing like a 
banshee. 

And over molly's screams, she heard something worse. Laughter. The 
heartless mother-fucker torturing molly was getting of on her pain! He 
found the sight of her breast reduced to bloody strips of flesh funny! 

Molly's new agony went on for some time, for the hooks in the whip 
were numerous but small, and each gauged only a tiny piece of flesh 
with each hit. To the man employing the whip, it was strenuous work, 
but well worth the effort in the agony of the young girl. The man's 
laughter and molly's screams filled Stacey's head. 

The flesh flew off of molly's large tit like grease off of bacon. First one 
side of her breast, then the other, then her large nipple, were reduced to 
bleeding pulps. Molly's girlish face contorted with indescribable agony. 
Her body was wracked with pain, and her other tit giggled in counter-
point to the sever whipping. Molly thought she could take no more pain. 
Her mind reduced to an animal-like state of screaming pain. Her entire 
body focused unwillingly on her left tit, which was layer by layer being 
ripped away. The anal-raping had been painful, but even that paled to 
nothing as her tit slowly disappeared... 

The sick man began narrating for Stacey again, "molly's left tit is now 
destroyed, a beautiful lump of gore. Her agony must be incredible -- it 
turns me on. I have a huge cock; it quivers and leaps for her. Now I'm 
squatting down, rubbing my cock in her mutilated tits, fuckin her tit ... 
Ah, yes! Your blood is so warm and sticky. Your pain is so erotic... 
She's still conscious you know, now I'm forcing her head down over my 
prick ... Her mouth is all ready wide with her screaming ... I'm fucking 
her face now, but her bitch mouth is too small. I can barely get my iron 
staff in past the head. Stupid bitch." 

Stacey heard a loud smack and felt her friends head snap to one side 
roughly as the man smacked her. He walked around the tied-up couple, 
leaving molly wailing in her pain, till her stood in front of Stacey. His 
foot-long prick wavered in front of her face. It was coated with molly's 
blood. He reached out a fat hand, and yanked a Stacey's brunette hair 
towards him, then used it as a rag to wipe himself off. 

"Ok, Stacey, your next..." He grinned beneath his death-mask...
