Slumber party massacre part 2



Downstairs, more than an hour had passed. The girls went off looking 
for their lost comrades.

Angelica was tall for an 18 year old girl. Almost sex feet, her body long 
and slender, and topped with a crown of golden, wavy hair. Her breasts 
were large too, and the bra she was wearing barely covered their mass. 
The only other stitch of clothing she was wearing were her panties.

Angelica climbed into the attic, and turned on the electric light. As soon 
as she did so, the door slammed shut behind her and a hulking, blood 
soaked man leaped out of the shadows at her, wielding a huge cleaver, 
which he swung at her. He missed, and she ran from him, fear clenching 
her heart, making her stumble and fall.

It was as if the man was toying with her ... He catch up to her, nick her 
alabaster skin with the blade, drawing a prick of blood, then he'd fall 
back and chase angelica around and around the attic. She was screaming 
now, her hands clenched at her sides.

One of the blows caught under her bra strap and cut it off. Her breasts 
and large nipples swung free, only to become the immediate target of 
the madman. She screamed horribly as the blade bit deep into the side of 
her tender tit-meat. The man used the opportunity to slice her other 
breast, opening a huge gash in it, slicing her nipple in two; blood gushed 
out and angelica felt weak.

But the man wasn't through with his pretty teen yet. Manipulating her by 
her hair, he forced her thrashing body onto the floor. He sat on her back 
facing her rear.

Playfully, the man smacked her buttocks through her cotton panties for 
several minutes, while the virginal blond's legs and arms thrashed like a 
fish out of water. Angelica had been a spoiled bitch up till now, and had 
never been spanked; she'd never let a boy touch her. Now, a strange 
filthy man had sliced her two melons open and was abusing her ass-
cheeks with his hands. Then he tore off her panties and shoved them in 
her mouth -- not to shut her up, he loved her screams, but to harass her 
more.

Her panties gone, he brought the full force of his rage against her cunt 
lips. He slammed his fists down with murderous intent against her poor 
pussy. He did this for several minutes until they had become puffy and 
sore.

Then her inserted the knife slowly into her love-canal, twisting it slightly 
to turn angelica's howl a higher pitch. Once he had it in, he started 
fucking her with it, faster and faster until blood flew out of her cunt with 
every backstroke; his free hand reached behind him, and grabbed a 
handful of her hair close to the head, and started beating her face into 
the wooden floor. Her nose broke quickly, and her teeth started 
shattering after several blows.

The man didn't stop until her cunt was a disgusting mess of sliced flesh, 
and many of the bones in her face were broke. Then he dragged the still-
conscious girly downstairs to meet Stacey...

"Say hi to your girlfriend!" Barked the man, twisting angelica around so 
she could see what he'd done with Stacey. Angelica was still dripping 
blood from her breasts and cunt. The man started giggling when he saw 
Stacey.

In school, Stacey had always been a brain. Quite, smart. Never hurting 
anyone. This is what made her torture especially cruel -- she didn't 
deserve it. But to the man, it was very funny.

First, he's cut off Stacey's young nipples. She had squirmed and 
screamed, and the man enjoyed that. Taking a strong staple gun, he 
stapled her nipples over her eyes. "Women," the man laughed, "don't 
need eyes - but they need their nipples!"

That done, the man then cruelly sliced off the rest of her breasts. Done, 
he staples them back onto the girl, but inside out. Poor little Stacey is in 
agony, but the sick man's not done.

He unties her from molly, but then reties her so that her head's on the 
floor, her arms are stretch way above her nipples-for-eyes head. He's 
spread her legs and pulled them over her head. It's a rather fun position -
- her asshole is hovering above her face.

To make the action come sooner, he had inserted a plastic tube down 
her throat and poured a whole bottle of laxative into her stomach.

Now, as he dragged the screaming beautiful angelica by her long hair 
towards Stacey, her asshole quivers and then shit shoots out at her. The 
man rushed over and removed her gag. Stacey, barely conscious, tried 
to turn her head, but the fat man laughs and pulls her head up, forcing 
her jaws open so that a stream of watery shit flows into it.

"Bet that taste's good, doesn't it, bitch?" He takes a switch and starts 
beating her thighs with it, while angelica lies bleeding and suffering on 
the floor.

The man smiles -- now he has three beautiful tortured teens in his secret 
dungeon. That only leaves two more...he smiles, thinking of the buxom 
Marcy...



Marcy ran from him, her nightgown clutching her sweaty body. She, like 
the other cunts, had been easy to catch. She'd been separated from 
Jennifer and had been about to leave by the front door. He just scooped 
up her tender body and carried her kicking and clawing downstairs.

He enjoyed chasing her around the room for a while, the way her 
innocent body showed its great figure through her thin nightgown. But 
eventually, he tired of this, and strapped her shaking body down onto a 
table.

He climbed on top of her, and inserted his huge deformed cock into her 
tight virgin pussy. She screamed as her cherry was ripped away, as the 
thick love-stick forced her pussy wide open. He humped her hard and 
fast, driven crazy with lust for his black-haired piece of meat. Her cries 
met with his approval as he banged her hard, blood leaking from her 
abused sex.

While her was fucking her, he got some needles. He inserted one, a long 
5" sewing needle, through her nipple, strait down into her breast-bone; 
shoving hard, he got it to go through and lodge into her heart and lung. 
Her smooth tit was now doughnut-shaped, the nipple forced down 
against he body. Poor Marcy bucked with the pain, her lips gasping for 
air and coughing up blood. The ruthless man still pounded away at her 
pussy, but he still had plenty of needles. He pierced her other tit with 
seven of them, making it misshapen and looking like a procu-pine. Then 
he slid his needles into her neck and sides; boy, did she thrash and 
scream! Her pain brought him orgasmic pleasure, and as he pounded her 
tight fuck-hole, he felt himself about to cum.

Ripping out of her, he brought his smelly blood-covered cock up to her 
face. He got a firm grip on her hair with one hand and forced her mouth 
open with the other. He forced her mouth over his massive cock, which 
was quivering orgasmically. The young girl choked as it was forced 
back into her throat, gagging her. When he had as much of his penis 
sticking into the teenagers face as possible, with one huge surge, he 
started cumming.

He had as much cum as he had cock. He literally filled up her mouth 
with it, taking pleasure when she gagged and spat it up. But he was still 
coming in great globs, and filled up her mouth again. He also made sure 
to coat her fine-featured face with globs of his smelly cum. He came for 
a full minute, and when he was done, her face was a mask of cum. He 
smiled and smacked her, "good fucking bitch. Now, one more..." And 
he left Marcy tied to the table, needles torturing her flesh, cum drying 
on her face.



The shapely Jennifer had called the police, but they'd refused to believe 
her. She could've left the house, but she couldn't abandon her friends. 
She still had no idea what had happened to them.

She looked around the house; found Stacey's glasses, molly's bloody 
panties; in a room splattered with blood, there was angelica's white 
underwear and bra.

She was horrified and terrified. She had blood on her from what was on 
the floor. She decided to take a shower.

She locked the door, and turned the water on till it was steaming hot. 
Then she took off her clothes, revealing firm, mature tits and a lightly 
blond-furred cunt. She stepped into the shower and let the warm water 
run over her. She took the soap and ran it down her body, lathering up 
her firm flesh.

When the water was mysteriously cut off, Jennifer looked like a wet rat 
-- her hair clung to her shoulders and back. She opened the shower 
curtain...

To come face to face with the maniac. She screamed and retreated into 
the corner of the tub, expecting to be killed ... Or worse. But the 
masked man threw a bag at her feet, and said "get dressed" in an oddly 
familiar voice.

The clothes in the bag weren't really clothes. First, she put on the 5" 
heels; there was a tight mini-skirt with even its bottom cut off, so the 
bottom of her ass-cheeks and cunt was exposed. She wondered what to 
do with a large rubber strap until the man poked her tit with his fat 
finger. Jennifer cringed at his touch. She slipped the rubber over her top 
and arranged it around her breasts. The man turned her around and 
tightened it, so it crushed her large breasts painfully.

The last piece of Jennifer's ensemble was a fat, studded dog-collar, 
which the rapist snapped around her neck and clicked a leash to.

Then, without a word, he led the captive Jennifer, precariously balanced 
on the cruel heels, down the steps into the basement. There, he removed 
a panel from the wall, and Jennifer stepped through into her worst 
nightmare:

Molly was still tied up on the floor, her left tit bloody rags. Blood and 
shit leaked from her anus. She looked at Jennifer, barely 
comprehending.

And there was Stacey -- crap on her face, in her ears, in her mouth and 
up her nose; her nipples stapled over her eyes and her juvenile tits cut 
off and put back on backwards. She struggled feebly in her bounds.

Angelica had been bound to the wall. Her large breasts were cut in two, 
and blood still trickled from her mutilated cunt. She was unconscious 
from blood loss. Even if help came now, she would probably die.

Jennifer barely recognized Marcy. The slimy sperm had congealed on 
her face, and over two-dozen pins protruded from her body and tits. She 
too was dying from the first pin through her heart.

As the man showed her how he'd treated her friends, he was laughing, 
and calling her and them "sluts...whores...bitches...fucking dogs...shit-
bag pigs..."

Finally, Jennifer cried out, "you disgusting man! You should die!"

The man became quiet. He turned solemnly to Jennifer and said, "I 
tough you'd be happy. I did it all for you ... Daughter..." And he 
removed his mask.

Jennifer swayed woozily on the heels. This man ... This rapist and 
torturer .. Was her father...

"Where's mom?" Jennifer gasped.

"Oh, just hanging around..." He turned Jennifer and threw on a 
spotlight. There was Jennifer's mother, still shapely after 45 years, 
hanging head-down from the ceiling, held up by something shoved in 
her cunt. Her mom's slightly saggy breasts had been whipped and 
burned. They were painful to look at.

"She'd been like that for hours, Jennifer my lovely daughter. And she'll 
stay like that for the rest of her life..." Jennifer's mom heard this, and a 
single tear rolled down her face.

Tugging roughly on the leash, dad forced Jennifer's body up close 
against his nakedness.

"Now," he said, "your gonna please your dear old dad..."

Jennifer lived almost two weeks more with her father. In all that time, 
she never stopped screaming...


