The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website), contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.




An Incestuous Slumber 

AT&T worldnet has just added alt.sex.sleeping-girls.

                             "AN INCESTUOUS SLUMBER"
                                    By D-man

     I  had  married young, mainly due the fact that I had gotten
Janet  pregnant.  Things  seemed  to work out fine for about five
years  until  Janet  informed  me that she was leaving me and our
little  girl  Kelly  for  some rich guy on the west coast. Twelve
years  later  I  still  hadn't gotten over it completely. I truly
loved  Janet and probably would still take her back today. Now at
35, my love life is still pretty lame even though I am considered
good looking. I am just not a very good conversationalist. It had
been at least 6 months since my last sexual encounter, a bar slut
who I'd rather forget.

     It  was  Friday night, my poker night over at Stu's house. I
was doing pretty good, both in my beer drinking and card playing.
At  12:30,  Stu's  wife came out wearing a tight fitting tank top
and  high  cut  shorts. I could smell her soft sensual perfume as
she  whispered  something in his ear, her hand disappearing below
the  table.  They  were  both  young,  Stu about 28 and Sandy 25,
although  she  barely  looked  19.  She gave him a quick kiss and
stood  up.  My eyes couldn't help fixating on her tits, her shirt
perfectly  outlining  them  and  her obviously erect nipples. She
said  "See  ya  guys" and trotted off. I envied Stu, I would have
given anything to jump in her pants. For obvious reasons the game
ended  shortly thereafter and I headed home with my money, a good
buzz and a hard-on.

     I  arrived home to the sight of a girl being carried out the
door by a rather large guy. I recognized him as Phil and the girl
as  Lisa.  They  had been over many times to go swimming and hang
out.  "I  just got here and found these two totally wasted," Phil
said.  "How's  Kelly?"  I  said.  "She's pretty out of it too" he
replied.  He then laid Lisa in the back seat of his car and drove
off.

     I  walked  into  the house and saw my daughter passed out on
the couch, many beer bottles and a near empty Jack Daniels bottle
on  the  coffee  table. I tried to bring my daughter up properly,
but without a mother around, it was tough. She was a good kid and
at  18  she  seemed  to  have  it together. She didn't drink that
often,  but when she did, this was usually the result. She looked
much  like  her mother since she became a bottle blond she looked
more  like  porn  star Ginger Lynn. In the last year Kelly's body
began  to  fill  out  quite  nicely.  Her  dress  had become more
revealing and so did her sexuality.

     She was passed out all right. She was laid out on the couch,
her blue eyes now shut. Her cropped shirt revealed her trim belly
and  just  barely  covered her noticeably adult breasts. I called
her   name  several  times  and  even  shook  her  shoulder  with
absolutely  no  response.  I lifted her off the couch and carried
her  to  her room, laying her on the bed carefully. As I laid her
down,  her  shirt snagged briefly on my belt, then springing free
revealing  much of her left breast. I didn't think anything of it
and  instinctively  reached to cover her. Just as my hand reached
her  shirt, Kelly shifted her sleeping body, totally exposing her
tit,  pressing  it  briefly  into  to my unexpected hand. My hand
quickly  pulled away, my pinky catching on her raised nipple. Her
breast  shook  slightly before returning to stillness. I replaced
her  shirt correctly and stood above her. I felt a stirring in my
crotch as I gazed over her trim firm body.

     I left the room and headed for the kitchen for a beer. I was
disappointed  but not surprised to find that Kelly and her friend
had  drank them all. I remembered the whiskey bottle on the table
where Kelly was passed out. Reaching for the bottle I found it to
be  nearly empty. No wonder she was so fucked up. I poured myself
a  large  shot  and  downed  it  quickly.  I  sat back as my mind
couldn't  forget the brief but erotic experience in Kelly's room.
My  cock began to get hard at the thought of seeing her bare tit.
I  thought  back to the other erotic sights I had seen. There was
the  time I walked into her room to call her for dinner and found
her asleep on her bed. She was laying on her stomach wearing this
same  crop top shirt and a pair of tiger striped panties. She had
the  nicest  ass  I had ever seen. Thoughts of tracing that panty
line  with  my tongue raced through my head. She was my daughter,
but  how  much  can a man take. I thought of this summer when she
proudly  displayed her incredible tan to me by pulling her bikini
bottoms  down  slightly  for  me to see, "Isn't this the best tan
Daddy?" I had nodded agreement still gazing at the small patch of
pubic  hair that also was visible. I watched her as she made some
ice  tea,  noting  how  nice  and rounded her breasts had become,
bouncing  slightly with each step. More than once I had come home
late  and  heard  the  sounds of her getting fucked by some lucky
young  stud.  I  promised  each  time  I  would give her a father
daughter  talk,  but just never got around to it. One night I had
woke  up  thirsty  and  headed to the kitchen. Passing her door I
heard  a strange buzzing sound and listening closer, her moans. I
stood  there  awhile, slowly masturbating until I heard her moans
increase to the soft cries of orgasm. I shot my load all over the
carpet  outside her door. The next day, while she was at school I
found  the  mystery  sound  in  her  panty  drawer. It was a huge
vibrating  dildo.  She  hadn't washed it and I could still see by
the film her pussy juices left, how deep she stuck it inside her.
I  had  masturbated  that  afternoon at the thought of planting a
hidden camera in her room to catch her on film.

     I  had already downed the remaining whiskey while I thought,
chugging straight from the bottle. I found myself in Kelly's room
again,  giving myself the excuse that I should check on her again
to see if she was okay. I called her name softly but she remained
out cold in the same position I had left her before. I knelt next
to  her  bed  and  called  her  name again, shaking her shoulder.
Nothing.  I  put  my  hand  on  her belly and rub gently in small
circles.  I  watched  her face for any response. She had a little
upturned  nose  that gave her a 'you'd love to fuck me, but i'm a
bitch'  look. She had a little mouth with pursed lips that seemed
born  to  suck  cock. My cock was raging hard now but told myself
that  I  just wanted another brief glance at those gorgeous tits.
My  circles were getting bigger so that my hand slipped under her
shirt grazing the bottoms of her breasts. The next time around my
hand  stopped as it reached the roundness of her breast. My other
hand,  which  had  been  stroking my now exposed cock, lifted her
shirt  over  those  beautiful  mounds, and quickly returned to my
throbbing  cock.  My  free hand cupped around her breast, feeling
it's  fullness.  My  thumb played with her nipple, which began to
harden.  I  stared at her creamy white tits which were emphasized
by  her contrasting bronze tan. They were so soft in my hand, but
practically  begged  to  be  sucked. I leaned over and kissed her
trim  belly working up to her tits which i began to suckle almost
immediately.  I  couldn't believe I was sucking my own daughter's
tits.  Suddenly  I  felt my self coming and there was no stopping
it.  I  stood up just in time to send my first shot of cum across
Kelly's  cheek and into her hair. The next load exploded onto her
shoulder and neck. I aimed the third shot lower and it struck her
left  breast. I continued spraying my daughter's tits with my cum
until  my  knees  got  weak. I watch as my cum pooled between her
tits  and  then  slowly oozed its way down her belly, filling her
navel and then running off her side onto the bed.

     I  was  feeling a little guilty as I went to the bathroom to
get a towel to wipe her off. It wasn't really incest was it? It's
not  like I fucked her or anything. I had better clean her up and
get to bed.

     As I returned to her room I pictured my cum hitting her tits
and  felt  my  cock  begin to grow again. I started to relish the
thought  wiping  her  boobs  clean of my white globs. I liked the
thought  of  my jism rubbed into her skin. That had always been a
point  of  intense eroticism for me. Once after seeing Stu's wife
Sandy give her weekly appearance, this time in an see thru nighty
I  had  gotten  raging  hard-on.  They both obviously enjoyed her
exhibitions as did the rest of the guys. A little later I went to
relieve  myself and while in the bathroom I saw her Perfumed body
lotion  and my cock got hard. I took the bottle and unscrewed the
pump top. I began masturbating at the thought of Sandy rubbing my
cum  all  over her tits, face and ass. I came quickly, shooting a
huge load into the bottle. I replaced the cap and shook it gently
to  mix it up. Every week since then I repeated this after seeing
her and knowing she had just rubbed my cum onto her breasts.

     When  I  entered her room I was surprised to find that Kelly
had  rolled  over on her stomach, my cum now wiped into her clean
sheets. "Kelly? Are you awake?" She lay motionless. I watched her
for  a  moment, picturing the time I found her asleep in the same
position wearing only her tiger panties. I wonder if she could be
wearing  them  now.  My  cock  jumped  to  a full erection at the
thought. I had to see. I walked over to her and shook her gently.
"Kelly?"  Nothing.  I  climbed  on  the  bed kneeling next to her
knees.  I  put  my  hands on either side of her nylex bike pants,
flipped  the  top edge over and slid them down slowly, noting how
easily  the material slid over itself. If she hadn't been wearing
those  same  tiger panties I swear I would have stopped there. My
hands  kept  moving,  revealing more and more of those panties as
well  as  her perfectly rounded ass. I slipped the pants past her
knees  and then her feet and tossed them on the floor. I returned
my  attention  to  my  beautiful  daughter,  spreading  her  legs
slightly so that I could lie between them, my elbows on each side
of  her  legs  and face hovering over her firm buttocks. I kissed
each cheek and then fulfilled one of my fantasies by tracing with
my  tongue  along  the edge of her panty line. My cock was raging
for  attention  and my hips accommodated it by slowly grinding it
against  the bed. With my hand I moved the panty to the side so I
could  get  to  more of my daughter's lovely ass. What I saw then
almost  made  me  come right then. It was undisputedly a lipstick
mark  in  the shape of lips. Her girlfriend had already been down
here  kissing  her  ass  and  sucking  on  her  pussy.  Kelly was
bisexual!  I  pictured  her  spread  eagled on the couch with her
friend  Lisa's  head buried into her bush. I kissed the spot Lisa
had been earlier, sliding her panties further to the side. I then
decided  that as much as I loved these panties, I would love them
more if they were laying crumpled on the floor.

     I  returned  to  my knees and carefully removed my daughters
panties,  totally  revealing  her  gorgeous  ass.  I  brought her
panties  to  my  face,  inhaling  the  wonderful  musky odor that
emanated  from  them.  I noticed that they were a little stiff at
the  crouch  area,  most likely from the juices that continued to
leak  even  after  her  cunt licking session with Lisa. After one
last sniff I tossed them to their rightful place on the floor and
then  resumed  my  previous  position  between  her legs. I heard
Kelly's  deep  breathing as I my kisses covered her entire ass. I
could do this for eternity, I thought. I slowly pulled her cheeks
apart  as  my kisses traveled further into her crack. I zoomed in
on  her  pink  little  hole  as  my face burrowed into her ass. I
planted  a  firm  kiss  right  on her hole and began to insert my
tongue into  the  tiny opening. In her totally relaxed state, her
asshole accepted my intruding tongue without a fight. I continued
my  tongue  fucking for a few minutes when Kelly made a noise and
tried  to  roll  over  onto  her back. I froze in place, my heart
skipping a beat. Getting my wits back, I sat up allowing her body
to  roll over. She returned to her heavy breathing and I knew she
was  still  out. She still had her shirt on, but it was pulled up
to her chin, totally exposing her firm young tits. Her near naked
body  glistened  in the soft light. I saw the spattering of dried
cum spots still on her tits and face.

     I  spread  her legs and lowered myself down again, this time
her  pussy  only  inches  from my face. It was neatly shaven with
only  a strip of pubic hair running north to south. Her pussy and
inner  thighs  were  covered  with  lipstick marks. I only wish I
could  watch  as  Lisa spread my little girls legs and licked her
sweet  pussy.  I  began to trace Lisa's lipstick trail all around
Kelly's fragrant snatch. I could feel drops of pre-cum oozing out
my cock, realizing I needed to come soon. With my tongue I parted
my  daughters  pussy  lips, tasting her sweetness. I had to fight
the  incredible urge to climb up on her and jam my throbbing cock
in  and  fuck  her  until  I  emptied my load. Damn it, she is my
daughter,  I  shouldn't  have  touched  her in the first place. I
continued  licking  her  slowly, debating whether to screw her or
not when another idea popped into my head.

     I  got  up  off  the  bed and went quickly to her dresser. I
opened  her  panty  drawer  and searched until I found what I was
looking  for,  her 14 inch vibrating dildo. I returned to the bed
and  laid  on my side next to Kelly, my face overlooking her bush
and my cock up by her cum spattered face. I placed the end of the
huge  rubber  dick at the entrance of her love hole. I rubbed the
tip  up  and  down  her pink slit and around her clit. Kelly then
shifted  her body again, spreading her legs a little wider. I let
the  cock  slide  in  a  little  deeper,  getting  about half the
enormous head into her. Kelly began to moan softly, spreading her
legs even wider. She was beginning to wake up. Just a few minutes
longer  I  thought, risking being caught was worth this pleasure,
my  still drunken mind rationalized. I began to slide the head of
the dildo in and out her now very wet pussy. "Lick my pussy Lisa.
Oh  yeeeesss" she suddenly moaned out load. I increased the speed
and  depth of my dildo fucking. "Fuck me Lisa! Fuck my cunt!" she
cried  out  softly.  Her  hand  reached down between her legs and
began to rub her clit while I pumped her cunt. I was entranced as
I watched her hand take control of the dildo while continuing the
pumping  action.  I was about to stand up and wack off again onto
her  lovely  body  when  I felt an warm wetness around my cock. I
looked  down  to  see my daughters lips wrapped around my cock. I
watched  unbelievingly as my cock disappeared and reappeared from
Kelly's  mouth.  I think if my cock   wasn't numbed slightly from
the alcohol I would have shot my load right then. I couldn't come
in  her  mouth,  that  would  truly  be incest, but since she was
already  sucking  I  decided  it was alright for her to continue.
With  my  now free hand I began to roam over her body towards her
tits.  I  began  to  fondle  them alternately, pinching her erect
nipples  much rougher than before. The sloshing sound between her
legs  increased  along  with the suction/slurping sounds from her
mouth.  I  pinched  hard and she let out a cry. Her hips began to
churn  wildly.  She threw her head back on the pillow as her body
began to convulse wildly, "Oh god Ohgodohgodohgodohgod" she cried
aloud.  She pulled the dildo out of her cunt and startled me with
"Fuck  me,  Fuck  me  daddy,  please fuck me!!!!!" No, I can't, I
thought.  "Please  fuck  me  daddy, your daughter needs your cock
now". Her eyes were closed as she let out a last "Pleeeeeeeeease"
I  couldn't  take anymore. I got between her tanned legs, grabbed
her  tiny  ankles  and  put them on my shoulders. I took my cock,
pointed  it  at  her  steamy hole and plunged in. "Oh yes!!!!!!!!
Fuck  me  daddy!  Fuck  me  hard!"  On  my  knees I held her legs
straight  up  as  I  began to pound my daughters pussy. With each
slam  I  watched  her tits bounce back and forth. I thought about
pulling   out  and  coming  those  creamy  white  tits  when  she
breathlessly pleaded for me to come inside. When she said that, I
laid over her, pinning her knees back to her shoulders and fucked
for  all  I was worth. I didn't care anymore, I was going to come
in  my gorgeous daughter's sweet pussy. I felt my orgasm building
and pumped harder. Kelly was now crying out in pleasure.

     I  felt  my cum begin flooding into my daughter's young body
as  I heard myself crying out. Wave after wave racked our bodies.
I  had  never come as hard before  in my life.  Kelly  was  still
moaning as I  let  her legs fall  back to my sides.  I kissed her
neck and gave each  breast  one  final  kiss.  I  sat  up  on  my
knees, moaning slightly  as my  cock slid out of her tight pussy.
She  looked  so  beautiful  laying there, I wish  she  wasn't  my
daughter. "Don't go Daddy" Kelly  whispered,  "Stay here with me.
Please." I laid on the  bed next to her and she  rolled  half  on
top of me, straddling my leg. "Maybe Lisa will join us next time.
Would you like that daddy?"   Before I  could  answer her she was
asleep.  I  can't believe I  just  fucked  my  daughter,  I  must
really  be  perverted or something.  The thing is is that I would
love  to  do  it  again,  that is,  if  she didn't hate me in the
morning.

     The  next  morning  I awoke with a hard-on and my daughter's
lips  wrapped  around it. She was slowly pumping my cock with her
hot  mouth. My cock had gotten all its sensitivity back, enjoying
the wonderful sensation of her tongue swirling around the head. I
watched   as   her  head  moved  slowly  up  and  down,  my  cock
disappearing  into  her  face.  She began to go faster as my hips
started  moving by themselves. I felt my orgasm building. "Kelly,
I'm  going to come." She only pumped harder. I closed my eyes and
put  my  hand  on  the  back of her blond head and pulled into my
body. She relaxed her neck and let me control the pumping action.
I  pulled  her head down hard on my cock as my hips began to pump
into her face. I thought my cock would explode as my cock slammed
into her mouth. I started shooting cum down my daughter's throat.
I felt her sucking harder, swallowing every drop of my cum. I let
go of her head and she sucked me dry.

     "I  gotta  get  going,  I'm  late for work" she said. I just
closed my eyes and returned to my slumber. I heard the shower and
then  watched, half asleep, my daughter get dressed and leave. "I
love you daddy!" she chirped as she closed the door and left. "Me
too." I murmured. This was going to be a great day.



