You arrive at my house wearing a tight black miniskirt that rises to just 
below your rounded buttocks, a tiger-striped sleeveless blouse that plunges to 
reveal the cleavage between your breasts, red spike heels, and bright, flashy
makeup.  The entire ensemble makes you look like a slutty whore, the kind of
girl that will do anything to anyone for the right price.  I smile, and as I
open the door say "It's about time, bitch!  Get in here before the neighbors
see you."

Moving into the living room, I admire the way your ass is molded by the tight
skirt, and boldly reach out to squeeze the cheeks with my hands.  Sliding my
hands up your body, I also quickly stroke your tits, sliding my fingers over
the erect nipples before going to sit on the couch.  "Ok whore, do what 
you're paid to do - make me hot!" I say, unzipping my pants and tugging out
the turgid pole of flesh inside.

You begin a sexy striptease, weaving and dancing as you slip out of your
clothes.  As the blouse comes off, you cup and squeeze your breasts, offering
them to me, and when the miniskirt slides off your legs, you brazenly begin
stroking and rubbing your hot cunt.  Your erotic display has made my cock
stiffen and rise, bobbing in the air between my legs.  You are still
fingerfucking yourself when I growl "Hey, slut!  Quit playing with your hole
and come suck me!"

Crawling across the floor on your hands and knees, you come to me.  My
fuckstick is level with your eyes, and you can see the clear precum leaking
from the swollen head.  Lightly, you lash out with your tongue, stroking the
sensitive vein under my cock.  I groan, and grabbing your head between my
hands pull you closer, driving my pole all the way into your throat.  Using 
my grip on your head, I continue stroking in and out of your mouth, using you
like a rubber fuck-off doll.  You can feel me swelling inside your mouth, and
begin swirling your tongue around the hard flesh slamming in and out of you,
hoping to make me cum.

I feel your tongue, and quickly pull out.  My cock hangs heavily in front of
your face, engorged with blood and swollen with the cum that you crave, as I
stand up and say "Oh no, you cheap cunt.  You don't get off that easy.  I'm
going to fuck you, and you're going to do the work!"  I stretch out on the
couch, my hard-on rising almost straight up, and order you to straddle me.
Sliding your leg over me, you lower your shaved pussy down over my crotch,
using one hand to guide me inside the steaming wetness of your slutty hole.
Slowly you begin moving up and down, squeezing my cock with your well
trained muscles.  "Faster!" I bark, grabbing hold of your waist and yanking
you hard down to me, so that your slimy, throbbing clit is smashed against 
the base of my rod.  You increase the speed of your fucking, sweating as you
strain to keep up the pace that I have set for you.  The sight of your flushed
tits bobbing on your chest as you fuck frantically excites me, and I pull you
to me so that I can chew on the stiff nipples.  Overcome with pleasure, you
slow for a moment, until I slap your ass hard, becoming even more excited by
the feel of the soft, quivering flesh under my palm.

"Mmm, this ass feels nice!  You're going to get buttfucked, slut.  Get off me
and on your knees!"  You slide off me, looking at the slippery pool of juice
that your hot cunt leaked all over my belly.  I notice what you are looking at
and order "First lick up this mess, you sloppy cunt."  You slurp down your 
own juices, scooping them up with your tongue, and I get even harder watching
the slutty sight.  I groan, and my cock quivers, leaking a stream of cum.
"Now bitch - show me your ass."

You kneel on the floor, reaching back with your hands to pull apart your
asscheeks, and expose the tight pink ring of your asshole.  Gripping my cock
with one hand, I roughly slide it over your hot cunt, coating it with the hot
slippery juices that are running down your legs.  Fearing the now hugely 
erect rod hanging between my legs, you whisper "Please, be gentle."  Stroking
your body with my hands, I chuckle savagely, position the tip of my cock in
your clenched asshole, and thrust all the way inside you.  You feel a sharp
pain explode in your butt, and cry out.  But the pain quickly turns to
pleasure, as I drive in and out of you, gasping with ecstasy.  Your clit is
screaming for attention, and with one hand you reach under your body to
massage it.  You can no longer think about anything but the cock slamming in
your ass, and the sparks shooting from your clit as you frig it madly.  The
orgasm hits you with overwhelming force, shaking your body and straining
every muscle.  Your ass tightens around my embedded cock, and I hammer myself
inside you once more before the hot jism shoots inside your ass, coating your
insides.  There is so much that some leaks out around my still-quivering cock,
to run down your crack and over your pussy.

I pull out, as you collapse into an exhausted, sweaty pile of flesh on the
floor, and walk across the room, my still half-hard cock bobbing before me.
I grab some bills off the dresser, and drop them onto your heaving body. 
"That wasn't bad, slut.  I'll expect you again next week.  Now get dressed
and get out of here."
"
