Archive-name: 3plus/slut-02.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Life Story of a Slut - 2


                    FIRST LESBIAN EXPERIENCE

     I was in shock at his gaul.  Asking me to let his date go
down on me.  I have to admit I was a bit turned on, but the way
he asked me was so crude. But I remember the first night I was
with him, he liked to fuck me in the ass and that seemed crude
before his dick was pressing against my asshole.  I said that
maybe we should go to my place and discuss it.  He knew it meant
I would let her eat my pussy, I knew it meant I would eat hers.

     The thoughts of what lay ahead had my pussy hot before we
made it to the car, by the time we made it home I think I had
already wiggled my pussy around in the seat so much that I had
came in the car.

     We made it to the house and I could tell he wanted my ass
again, he kept slapping me on the cheeks and pinching them.  We
all went inside and sat down for a few drinks.  I was surprised
when she sat on one side of me and he sat on the other.

     After I fixed a few stiff drinks I was ready to venture
into the world of lesbianism.  I was not shy at this time thanks
to the alcohol.  I got up and turned on some nice hard rock to
go with the nice hard dick I knew I was about to get.  I began
dancing and was joined by my soon-to-be lesbian lover.  I
started to strip and she followed suit.  I opened my blouse to
expose my creamy white breasts that were encased in a tight but
lacy bra.  She aided in it's removal and gently and sensuously
rubbed the red marks under my firm breasts that were caused by
the bra.  She saw that I liked what she was doing and continued
to forge her queer ways into my sexual fantasies.  She placed
her warm lips on my right nipple and worked her wet tongue in
circles around its outer perimeter.  Chills shot through my body
and I realized that loving a women would always get me the
gentle tenderness I craved from so many of my past lovers.  Only
a woman knows how a woman feels and how she wants to be treated
in the sack.  Only a woman knows exactly where to touch another
woman to get the maximum sexual response from her.

     After what seemed like hours of nipple nuzzling she moved
to the red flesh that my bra had been abusing all day.  Her hot
tongue felt delightful on the pinched, stinging flesh of my
breasts underside.  She slowly worked down to my navel where she
stuck her tongue into, giving me a hot feeling in my tummy,
kinda like after a man comes in you.

     Out of the corner of my eye I saw him undressing, from her
purse he pulled a bottle of KY and began smearing his cock with
it.  She immediately unbuttoned my pants and pulled them to my
knees.  She dove between my thighs and began licking them with
the same loving care a mother kisses her baby with.  At the same
time she removed her own pants without breaking her strokes on
my trembling thighs.

     When she got on her knees he said "not yet" and she cried
"I need that dick in my pussy".  The double dildo popped into my
head, but I figured she wasn't into plastic.  That was until she
asked if I was into TOYS.  My insides jumped with glee as I
responded with a quick yes.  I jumped up and ran to the bedroom
and grabbed my new toys.  I walked back into the living room
with an armload of stuff.  I could see her eyes catch on "the
donkey".  "Take your pick" I told her as I grabbed th double
headed one.  She decided to share mine.

     I layed her slowly back and inserted the very tip of the
dildo into her dripping vagina.  Moans were heard in the room
and they weren't mine.  I pushed the shaft in about half way and
positioned my pussy at the other end. After taking the donkey up
my snatch I was kinda loose and the dildo slid right in.  I
looked down and she did too, we both could see that if we both
could take a few more inches then we could rub our pussy lips
together.  She smiled and bore down.  I felt the dildo slide
into me at the same time it slid into her.  After what seemed
like a foot of dildo slid into me I finally felt the glorious
sensation of another female sex organ pressed firmly against
mine.

     We both began woking our pussies in large circles to
simulate the mans body when it ravaged ours.  The feeling of the
dildo swinging in wide circles inside me was exhilarating and
made me horny beyond my senses.  Everyone in the room
dissapeared and all that was there was me and this dildo.  Her
pace quickened which drove my pussy into a frenzied orgasm.  The
plastic dick bumped around inside of me like a careless teenager
fucking his first real pussy.  It brought back memories of my
days when I was the main male attraction at parties in my home
town.  The young boys 'she's a slut so just bust a nut in her
and leave' attitude always made me hornier than before they came
in me.

     Soon my orgasm crepted up on me and with my very first
moans she grabbed the dick and pulled herself off of it, careful
not to pull it out of me.  She then knelt before my golden pubis
and kissed it.  I felt her hot tongue slither out of her mouth
onto my scorching clitoris.  The dildo began to move in and out
at the same time she cranked it in large circles.  When my pussy
finally began its uncontrolled spasms of pleasure I could feel
her oppose them with a huge force.  As my hips writhed to the
right she cranked the dildo to the left, when I pushed out on
the plastic dick she shoved it in relentlessly, and when I tried
to hold it in she would yank on it just like an inexperienced
boy, all the time though she never quit flicking her tongue on
my clit.

     After my orgasm was over she withdrew the plastic dick and
showed me the white cum that had shot from my pussy.  Clotted
gobs of my cum was stuck on the shaft and she smiled and licked
it clean for me.

        The night was far from over though.  The man with the
giant dick was ready to service his two love slaves.  I remember
her pushing me backwards and straddling my head.  He slid up
behind her and placed his head on my swollen pussy.  She then
shoved her pussy against my lips and ordered me to start licking
it.  I happily obliged her and was rewarded with a fast hard
penetration from the huge cock between my legs.  The smell of
her pussy was an aphrodesiac in itself.  I gobbled at her clit
in a furious fit of lust.  The musky odor of her soaking pussy
made me understand why she liked women.  I dined on her pussy
until she finally came.  Words of praise came from her lips as
she came.  I really got her attention when I stuck my tongue up
the hole of her pussy.  She cried "OH JESUS!!" and I felt her
hot love potion ooze down onto my tongue.  I swallowed it
loyally and continued to tongue fuck her clasping pussy.  I was
so caught up in her orgasm that I didn't even realize that I was
being fucked real hard with a huge cock.  I eased away from her
orgasm into one of my own.  As soon as she was finished I licked
her pussy clean and she spun around and began stimulating my
clitoris with her tongue.

     This pushed me into a sea of intensity that I had never yet
experienced. My pussy writhed convulsively as my body clung to
its orgasmic motions.  His dick slammed into my pussy like a
pimp would fuck one of his whores.  The way he fucked me was
degrading and I loved it.  She slid back so I could lick her
pussy more.  I was more than happy to find that there was more
of her cum oozing from the crack between her lips.  I ran my
tongue up and down her lips. Finally she cried that she was
ready for his dick.

     He pulled his still hard cock from my hungering pussy and
left my needs to service hers.  I found this more degradeing
since he had no obvious need for my pussy, just A pussy.  HE
voilently penetrated her pussy, not even letting me pull my
tongue away.  She yelped with pleasure as I licked her pussy
around its edges.  The juices of her pussy ozzed faster as his
cock pumped them to the opening of her pussy.  I delighted in
their salty taste and drew a lewd satisfaction knowing that I
had always denied my desire for another woman.

     The hard mass of his cock produced a strangely satisfying
contrast against the softness of her pussy...this is where I
liked my tongue to be the most.  I could tell that it was
stimulating to both of my partners.  He let a slight moan out
and she practically jumped every time my hot tongue passes over
the union their  two bodies made.  I eventually got trapped in
the lust and tried sticking my tongue up her pussy along side
his dick, my attempts were futile due to the size of his cock
and the tightness of her pussy.  The most I could do was slip it
around the edges on the inside and experience the violent
warmness of her insides.  Her next orgasm was began and she
ordered him to stop and let me fuck her with my tongue.  I was
surprized and happy that I had the chance to taste her cum
again. I obediently sucked her clit while she rode the storm of
her third orgasm.

     She began a vigorous dance of pleasure as her orgasm
mounted.  She slammed her pussy back into the huge dick that was
fucking her.  Her pussy grew hotter as she pleased herself on
his muscle of love.  She quickened her pace and let out a
throaty moan,  I licked her clit hard and fast, her legs began
to shake and her moans grew louder.  Grom above me I heard his
deep grunt and felt his cock harden.  Within seconds my mouth
was enticed by a small dribble of her cum, then it was flooded
with a mixture of his and her cum.  His cock throbbed as it
pumped his love juice into her, with every squirt she yelped
with delight and I gobbled down the byproduct of their antics.

     After numerous orgasms, we called it a night and they
decided that I needed to meet some of their friends.  After
telling them that I was game, they made a date for the next
weekend.

--
