Archive-name: Bondage/slut1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Slut's Punishment, A

Very graphic S & M. 


    He glared at her as she stood shivering in the center of the room, her 
wrists bound tightly behind her back with several turns of rope.  He could-
n't remember when he'd been so furious with her. He wondered briefly 
whether she was shivering from fear or because she was naked in the cool 
room, then dismissed the question as unimportant.

     "Go in the bathroom," he ordered.  "Stand next to the bathtub, facing 
the wall." She turned to obey.

     "Wait!" he  snapped. "Take this with you."  She shrank slightly back 
from the bull whip he held out but then took the thick, rough handle be-
tween her teeth.  As she walked to the bathroom, her head was held high 
and her eyes glittered with a strange mixture of pride, anger, sexual 
excitement and fear.  He knew the pride and anger wouldn't last long.  The 
excitement wasn't his concern, except as he could use it to enhance her 
torment.  The fear was justified.

     He slowly gathered the items he would use, giving her time to con-
template the punishment she was about to receive.  When he entered the 
bathroom, he saw that she had obeyed him.He had known she would. Although 
the bathroom was warm, she was still shivering.

     He laid the things he had brought with him on the side of the bathtub 
where she could see them:  Several lengths of rope and two nipple clamps. 
He saw her eyes widen in surprise as he set the dildo down. It was new and 
she hadn't seen it yet.  It was huge, and its entire surface was covered 
with raised knobs about a half inch in diameter.  She could not see the 
four foot long rod he laid on the floor behind her heels.  He noticed her 
glancing at the hooks he had placed in the wall, just above the tub at 
each end.  They were new, too, and he knew she would like to ask about 
them if she dared.

    "Spread your legs."  She did so, and he knelt and fastened the leather 
cuff around her right ankle to the hook in one end of the rod. He tapped 
her left ankle.  "Wider."  Her left ankle was similarly fastened.

     He picked up a length of rope, doubled it, passed it around the ropes 
binding her wrists and tossed the looped end over the sturdily fastened 
shower cutain rod.  When he ran the loose ends through the loop and tugged 
on them, her arms were pulled upward behind her back, forcing her to bend 
forward.  He pulled her arms up as high as they would go and listened to 
her low moans as he tied the ends of the rope securely. He knew he would 
not be able to leave her this way for long, that her shoulders would soon 
begin to cramp. Well, she could stand it for a little while.  He would re-
lease her hands later, when he had a use for them.

     The nipple clamps had rings in the ends of them and tightened when
the rings were pulled. Long cords were tied to the rings.  He gently 
carressed her right nipple until it was firm and hard, and then fastened
a clamp to it.  He ran the cord from the clamp through the hook at the
end of the tub.  By the time the pain had subsided enough for her whimpering
to stop, he was repeating the process on the left side.  He drew the ends of
both cords up behind her back, under her arms, and  pulled them tight.  As 
he pulled on them, her breasts were pulled downward and outward by the clamps.

     She bent over still further to relieve the pressure on her nipples. He 
stood back a little and examined her. She still wasn't low enough - he wanted 
her mouth at cock height.  But her shoulders were already twisted almost 
beyond endurance.  "Can you bend any lower?" he asked. Her voice was muffled 
by the whip in her mouth, but the shake of her head was eloquent.  "We'll 
see", he murmured, and pulled on the cords still more.  Sure enough, her 
body lowered another inch or two.  Still not low enough, but it was a 
problem she would have to work out when the time came. As he stood behind 
her, tying the cords behind her back to hold her in place, she felt his 
hard cock press against her exposed ass. 

     "Give me the whip."  She turned her head and looked over her shoulder, 
offering him the whip. He saw the apprehension in her eyes and knew what 
she was expecting.  He had often fucked her in the ass while stinging her 
with the whip,  not necessarily for punishment, but just because it felt 
so wonderful.  Her ass would tighten and squeeze him every time the whip 
fell, and he could control the strength and frequency of the contractions 
simply by how hard and fast he whipped her. This time, though, she was in 
for a surprise.

     He felt the handle of the whip.  An inch and a half in diameter, it's 
rough surface was made of braided strips of leather, with a large bulge at 
the end.  "I'm surprised it's not wetter, after being in your mouth so long. 
It would have been to your advantage to drool on it a little."  He paused to 
allow the implication of his remark sink in. Her head whipped around, and 
he could see the panic in her face as she glanced from the rough grip to his 
eyes.  "Please", she begged, "stick it in my cunt first."  He passed a hand 
between her legs. Sure enough, her cunt was dripping.  The slut was excited, 
in spite of herself.

    "No."  He didn't want the whip that wet.  Besides, he wasn't about to
do anything that might give her pleasure.  She was being punished. "But I'll 
let you lick it, if you can reach it."  He held the grip at the right side 
of her face, with the end pointing toward  her, just far enough away so that 
she could turn her head and reach the end of the knob with her outstretched 
tongue.  She leaned sideways, trying to take the grip in her mouth. As she 
leaned, the clamp on her left nipple tightened, and her breast was pulled 
and stretched even more. She lapped frantically at the end of the whip and 
finally, in desperation, spat on it. He slapped her once, across the face.
"It's not ladylike to spit", he explained.

     He spread her cheeks and inserted the end of the handle.  She screamed.
She continued screaming as he slowly pushed it deeper and deeper into her, 
almost all of the handle's 8 inches.  Her scream rose to a shriek when he 
jerked it roughly out again.  Before she could catch her breath, he shoved 
it back in, fast and deep, and fucked her with it in several hard, quick 
strokes.  She was wailing, sobbing.  Good.  He stopped, gave it a twist or 
two  back and forth, and turned it loose, leaving a couple of inches of the 
heavy handle sticking out so that its weight would pull down on her asshole.
He stood back and regarded her. The whip coming out of her ass and trailing 
onto the floor looked like a little tail.  Cute. 

     He stepped into the tub and leaned against the wall in front of her,
his knees slightly bent, to make it more difficult to reach his cock. She 
knew what was expected.  She tried to lower her head to his cock, reaching 
for it with her tongue.  But she seemed unable, of her own volition, to put 
any more pressure on her shoulders by lowering  her body further.  As he 
watched her struggle and listened to her whimpers of fear at the consequences 
of failure, he felt an amused compassion for his whore.  "Would you like some 
help?" he asked gently, gazing down into her pleading, upturned eyes. "Please,
Master, could you just stand up a little higher?" she asked hopefully. "No, 
I'm comfortable like I am. But I will see if I can help you a little." He 
reached out and grasped both cords attached to her nipples and pulled down
ward firmly.  Amazing what a little encouragement can do, he thought as her 
mouth sank around his cock.

     God, could this woman give head!  He leaned his head against the wall 
and closed his eyes, allowing her to work her magic.  After a while, he 
opened his eyes and looked down at her.  He noticed she was keeping her 
ass very still.  Normally her pelvis rotated slowly, involuntarily, while 
she was sucking him. Of course.  Any motion of her ass would cause the whip 
to shift positions.  That would probably hurt quite a lot. He stroked her 
hair.  "Are you happy to have my cock in your mouth?"  She nodded her head, 
never pausing in her efforts to please him.  "Then why aren't you wagging 
your tail, Jane my love?" he asked softly.  She audibly caught her breath,
stiffened and froze in dread for an almost imperceptable moment, then began 
jerking her ass quickly back and forth, at the same time shoving her throat 
deep around his cock to give him the full benefit of the scream he felt 
rather than heard.

     It was too much.  He wasn't ready to come yet.  He grasped her hair 
and pulled her head away from him. He stepped out of the tub. She was 
gasping and moaning.  He didn't know whether it was from excitement or 
pain or both.  He didn't care.  But he did notice that she had stopped 
wagging her tail.

     He grabbed the handle of the whip, rammed it roughly in and out of her 
a few times, and then yanked it out.  Then, just because he was enjoying 
hearing her cries, he shoved it back in and pulled it out slowly once more, 
twisting as he pulled.  He sat on the edge of the tub and held the handle 
up to her mouth.  She looked at him in horror, then turned her face away.
"Clean it, Jane.  The whip is your lover.  Clean your lover off."  "No," 
she begged, "please, Master, no.  Please don't make me."  He did not raise 
his voice.  His calm, low tone chilled her. "I would suggest that you clean 
this whip, and that you do it right now. You are going to be very, very 
sorry if you don't." 

     She cleaned the whip.  Thoroughly.  He held it so that he could watch 
her face while she worked.  She stopped once and asked him for a drink of 
water.  "Not now.  I'll give you something to wash it down with in a little 
while."

     "Very good, Jane", he said when she was finished.  "I'm very pleased 
with you.  In fact, I am so pleased I'm going to fuck you in your cunt in-
stead of your ass.  Would you like me to let your arms down?"  Her head 
sank and she sobbed in relief.  It was over.  She was forgiven. And it 
hadn't been so bad, after all.  Now he was going to fuck her throbbing 
pussy, and maybe she could find release from the passion and sexual tension 
that were wracking her body.

    He untied the rope that had pulled her arms up, but she still could not 
stand upright because of the clamps pulling down on her nipples.  As the 
tension on her arms was released, she struggled to keep her balance on her 
outspread feet.  He untied her wrists, and she moved her hands to the far 
side of the tub, bracing herself. He massaged her aching shoulders, noticing 
that her pelvis was already rotating in anticipation of his cock.  If she 
could have seen his smile, she would have been terrified.

     He stood behind her and picked up the whip, explaining that he was 
going to whip her until he came.  She shuddered, but this she had suffered 
before.  She knew she could stand it, if he didn't hit her too hard.  At 
least he wasn't going to fuck her ass!  Her cunt pulsed around his cock 
as he entered her. She waited for him to begin thrusting, but he held 
himself very still.  She cried out when the whip fell across her back.  
"Make me come, cunt", he ordered.  "I'm not going to move.  You're going 
to have to do it by yourself." The whip fell again. He traced his finger 
along a red welt that was rising across her back. "And the quicker you get 
it done, the quicker I'll stop whipping you."

     She was able to thrust only once before a searing pain ripped across 
her right breast, just above where the clamp was attached to her nipple. 
"Be still."  She watched the welt rise on her breast and waited to be told 
what she had done wrong.  "You know, I like the way your breasts are pulled 
out to the side like that", he commented. "Makes them easy to get to. I 
forgot to tell you, YOU can't move either. The only thing you can move is 
your hands."  He began whipping her across the back again.

     She pondered that for a moment and squeezed her pussy around him 
experimentally.  "Yes, that feels very nice," - whack - "but it's hardly 
enough to make me come, is it?"  He switched to whipping her thighs. She 
thought frantically through a fog of pain.  She remembered once when he 
had made her fuck her own ass with her fingers, while the fingers of her 
other hand were inside her cunt.  She recalled how the hand in her cunt 
could feel the fingers moving in her ass, and how her cunt had contracted 
every time she withdrew her fingers.  Bracing herself on the far side of 
the tub with one hand, she bent further  over to give herself room to work.
She reached behind herself with her other hand and carefully shoved three 
fingers - the most she'd ever been able to get inside - as deep as they 
would go into her tender ass and began to jab them in and out, trying to 
press down against his cock at the same time.

    He allowed her to continue for a while - it really did feel very nice 
- before telling her that it probably wouldn't work because her fingers 
weren't long enough to reach the tip of his cock.  With a cry of frustration 
and agony, she jerked her fingers out of her ass.

     She tried thrusting with her pelvis again, but a series of blows across 
her tortured breasts quickly discouraged that idea.  He went back to whipping 
her back and thighs and, now that her ass was more accessable because of 
her lower position, he whipped that, too.

     She considered begging him not to beat her so hard.  He sometimes re-
sponded to such pleas during their lovemaking.  But she suddenly realized 
that that would be futile.  This was not lovemaking.  She had been mistaken; 
her punishment was far from over.

    With this new insight, she whipped her head wildly back and forth, 
searching for an answer.  The distraction of his throbbing cock inside her 
and the burning of the whip didn't help.  What did he want?  She spotted 
the dildo.  She had forgotten about it!  The lurch of his cock when he saw 
her eyes fall on the dildo confirmed what he wanted. She snatched it up 
and brought it to her mouth to wet it.  Then she paused. If she used it dry, 
it would hurt more, which would probably excite him and make him come faster.
Then the whipping would stop.  Which was worse? The whip, or shoving this 
huge, lumpy THING into her ass bone dry?  A lash across a very sensitive, 
already tortured part of her thigh made the decision for her.

     "Help me, Master!" she wailed. "Spread my ass for me! Please!"  He
complied, gladly, spreading her cheeks with one hand while, with the other, 
his passion drove him to beating her even harder and faster.

     She raised the dildo above her ass and, without hesitating, jammed 
it downward.  She threw her head back and began her scream before it ever 
touched her.  It rose to an ear-splitting shriek as the dildo ripped into 
her.  As soon as it was in as far as it would go, she immediately began 
pumping it in and out in long, rapid strokes. God, it felt incredible.
With every stroke, her cunt pulsed fiercely, sucking him deeper into her.
The knobbed shaft stroking his cock was exquisite. Oh, yes.  He was going 
to make this last a while.  She must have finally realized his intention, 
because she suddenly switched the angle of entry of the dildo, pulling it 
upward  and forcing it down harder against his cock.  He saw with appreciation
the way this new angle stretched her asshole.

     He reached forward and grabbed a handful of her hair, twisting her 
head around so he could see her face.  Beautiful.  Her mouth was distorted 
in pain.  Tears were streaming down her cheeks.  She was sobbing so hard 
she could hardly catch her breath. and what breath there was came out in 
long, deep shuddering moans.  Her eyes were squeezed shut. "Look at me, 
cunt," he ordered.  She didn't hear - she seemed to be in some sort of 
trance.  He brought the whip down directly on a nipple,  and her eyes flew 
open.  "Look at me", he repeated.  She looked.  The whip fell continuously 
now, but her body forgot to jerk as she stared unblinking into his eyes.
She was absolutely still, except for the hand that was relentlessly pumping 
the dildo in and out of her ass.  His eyes burned into her, branding her, 
possessing her, as he came.

     He sat back and watched her gingerly pull the dildo out of her ass.
One final squeal escaped her lips as it came away.  He didn't have to
say a word.  His eyes ordered her.  She brought the dildo to her mouth
and began cleaning it slowly, carefully with her tongue.  It took a
while to clean around all the little knobs.  When she was finished, she
looked up at him and shoved the dildo deep into her mouth, drawing it in
and out slowly.  It wasn't necessary; it was already clean.  She just
thought he might enjoy seeing her fuck her mouth with it.  She looked
ridiculous.  He laughed at her, and she flushed with embarassment.
    "You want something to wash that down with?" he asked.
    "Yes. Please," she whimpered.

    He stepped into the tub to do what he had put her over the tub
for in the first place.  He spread his feet to keep from getting them
wet.  She stiffened briefly when she realized what he was about to do,
but there was no protest, no turning away.  In the tear-streaked face she
held up to him, he saw was only acceptance.  He thought it would probably
be a long time before she ever defied him again.  Although her mouth was
open wide, he didn't begin peeing into it immediately.  He first soaked
her hair and covered her breasts.  Her body jerked slightly when urine
 touched the streaks on her breasts that had been opened by the lash, but
her face remained serene, her eyes closed but not squeezed tight.
Her breath quickened.

     The stream of piss splashed into her face and then began to fill
her mouth.  She closed her mouth to swallow and immediately opened it
again.  Twice more he filled her mouth before he was done.  He considered
letting her lick him off, but decided he didn't want to put his cock
into such a filthy place.  He shook himself off in her face and stepped
out of the tub, jerking the clamps off her nipples as he went.

     He released her ankles.  "Get in the tub," he ordered harshly. "I
don't want you dripping pee all over the house."  She collapsed into the
bottom of the tub and lay on her back.  Her pelvis was slowly grinding,
and she looked up at him with pleading eyes.  "The little cunt is turned
on," he thought.  "Well, that's her problem.  I'm through with her for
now."  Before turning to leave, he picked up the dildo and shoved it
casually, contemptously, into her cunt. At the door, he paused and looked
back at her, her head thrown back, her eyes glazed,fucking herself
madly with the dildo.

     "What a slut", he laughed as he pulled the door shut behind him.

                         * * * END * * *

