			Small Town

I was involved with a group of people in a relatively 
new community theater effort. We had been brought together 
through notices posted in the small town newspaper. The local 
high school English teacher the one who directed all the 
senior class plays had proclaimed herself founding director 
of the group and all were willing to accept that. We were a mixed 
group of would-be actors and technicians. Several were students 
or former students of the director. There were the usual 
compliment of Little old ladies in tennis shoes, bored housewives 
who had been former cheerleaders and beauty queens, local people who 
had artistic flair (the closet gays), and some types that did not 
seem to fit in. I was surprised that there was some real acting talent 
in the group. There were two others who, like myself, had worked 
in some form of professional theater, and some newly moved-in people 
who had been active in very good amateur groups. There was even a 
federal law enforcement agent who had worked as an advisor to a 
very popular Cops 'n' Robbers television series. 

One girl caught my eye almost immediately. She had the look that 
I recognized as being a person on the same wavelength with me. I 
guessed immediately (and correctly) that she enjoyed the evening 
toke and surfing in the sheets. Before the first night of organizational 
meetings were over, we had gravitated to each other and made small 
talk. All the expressions and body language were there and it seemed 
pretty natural that we continue the night after the meeting with a stop 
by a fast food place. This led to a natural trip by my house, and 
a natural evening of getting high and making very active love. She 
was a local girl who had graduated from high school and taken off 
for Florida. She lived there for a couple of years, then decided 
to return home. The director had been her teacher in high school 
and had seen her back in town and invited her to work with the 
community theater group. 

A story could be written about that night itself, but that is 
not my intention. It is enough to say that Beck had a very 
healthy sexual appetite, was at a horny peak in her cycle, 
and was creative and open-minded about love-making. The 
night was a mutually-satisfying first encounter. She left 
early in the morning, and we knew we would see each other 
again at rehearsal that night. 

We sat together in the back of the auditorium as the Director 
went through assignments and began acting auditions. Beck 
kept leaning over and saying things to me like, God, I'm sore! 
and We need to get something like a doughnut to put over you 
so you won't drive in so DEEP!!. I was naturally flattered by 
these compliments, but the truth is that my dick IS longer than 
what I have heard is average. It is nothing like the legendary 
horse cocks of the porno studs, and it is not huge in girth, but 
several girls have told me I was the first to bring them to an 
orgasm. I like to do that. The biggest turn on in the world to 
me is the sight of an aroused partner! Beck asked me if I was 
up for an encore that evening and we went directly to my house 
after rehearsal. The second night was as imaginative as the first, 
but we used some restraint and were not quite so violent in our 
mutual thrusting. Toward the end of the night she asked me if 
I knew the two Italian girls (sisters) in the group. I told 
her I had noticed them, but really never met them. The oldest was 
about 20, and a little overweight . not fat, but showing 
some tendencies toward being so disposed. Her kid sister was 
around 15. Well, Beck said, I have known the oldest one for years. 
You interested in a fuck? I told her you were good and long.
and she got wet just hearing about you. She has never had a BIG 
dick before . want me to set you up? 

OK! I admit my ego soared. I have a philosophy that says not to 
EVER turn down pussy unless there is a real good reason (one of the 
VERY best fucks I had was from a girl who was shall we say 
homely? She became quite attractive as she showed me what 
enthusiasm can make up for). I told Beck that I would be glad to, but 
was (honestly) more interested in fucking her. Beck told me she 
would set things up, but for me not to say anything to her until 
it was settled. I agreed. 

The next day was Friday and we had rehearsal that evening, too. 
I looked the black-haired girl over fairly thoroughly and decided 
she would be ok in bed, but did not look that promising. The 
girl noticed me looking at her and smiled back. She had some 
attractive features big tits (not my favorite, particularly), 
pretty teeth, long, shiny black hair. I mused that the muff would 
be thick and curly, even if the cunt was a little plump. 

Beck came to me toward the end of the evening. She smiled slyly. 
I'm gonna give MY twat a little rest tonight, but it is all set 
up. Go straight home and don't play with it. I promised her an 
all-nighter. Hope you are up for it! Actually, I wasn't. Beck had 
really put a strain on me the previous two nights. No sleep and 
LOTS of activity had tired me out. I could have gone all night 
with Beck, but it might take effort with the other girl. I smiled 
and told her, Sure., not wanting to hurt her feelings. 

I went home and waited, expecting a car to drive up soon. When 
nobody showed in a half hour, I took a quick shower keeping 
my eye on the window curtain for the approach of car headlights. 
There was none. I got out of the shower and toweled off, then 
wrapped the towel around me. I went into the bedroom and turned the 
tv on, wondering if I should dress in fresh clothes, or go to bed. There 
had been plenty of time for her to arrive. I thought I heard a noise, but 
looked out the window and there was no car. I went to the front door 
in order to see if the cat was in my garbage can. As I opened the door, 
a voice said, 'Let me in quick, before someone sees me!. She pushed 
in before I could realize it, and surprised me wearing just the towel. 

The real surprise was a realization that this was not the girl I was 
expecting. It was the younger sister! 

I am never at a loss for words . but this time I was nearly 
paralyzed! I could not even think of anything to say! The beautiful 
little face looked up at me and said, Hi! I finally got here! I hid 
my bike around behind the house. I need to use your phone a minute 
before we get too involved. 

I showed her the phone and tried to recover my thoughts. She dialed 
a number and spoke to someone for just a few seconds, then hung up and tu 
back to me. My girlfriend's folks are out of town and she is having a 
slumber party. She is gonna cover for me I gave her your number, OK? 
She walked over toward me and said, I've been watching you all night 
and you acted like you didn't even notice me you ARE a good actor
I've been having a real hard time keeping Debbie from seeing that 
I was so wet over you. She notices things like that so easily. I have 
never been able to get by with ANYTHING around her. Well, (she smiled 
with eager innocence) are you as ready as me? You don't really look 
like it! 

DAMN!, I thought, This is real! She is SO young! But, God!! 
she really wants to do this!! A stiff dick can replace a conscience 
in a twinkling and my conscience started to fade fast as the fold 
of my towel opened uncontrollably. I remember thinking, I'll worry 
about all of that later. Right now, I am going to enjoy this 
incredible young girl! 

I noticed she was smiling still, but not at my face. Beck told 
me you were long you sure are! Can I touch it? Her last comment 
sounded more like a girl scout asking if she could hold someone's 
newborn baby. There was the same eager innocence and wonder. 

Sure, I said, and placed her hand on my dick. I pulled her close 
to me and the warmth of her body and press of her tits drove the 
last shreds of conscience from my mind. We hugged just a moment, then 
walked down the hall to my bedroom. 

She pulled the towel away from me and I lay on my back on my bed. 
It was clear that this was no ordinary (from my experience) young girl. 
She climbed on top of me, straddling my thighs my dick rose between 
her legs as if it were hers. The feel of her heat and the rough denim 
were a superb combination. She stroked me with a confident and knowing 
touch. She reached down and pulled her sweater off over her head in one 
movement. Her bare breasts and olive skin jolted my senses. The 
angelic smile is burned vividly in my memory for life. The open eager 
attitude thrilled me more than anything of all. I touched her 
breasts and she showed great enjoyment seeing the pleasure it 
gave me. Her breasts were not overly big, but her nipples were. They 
were dark and the half-dollar sized aereoli matched them in color. 
She unzipped her zipper and sat beside me just long enough to remove her 
jeans and white underpants then, kicking them off to the floor, resumed 
her position astride me. 

She stroked my erect dick like a child playing for the first time with 
a toy they had always dreamed of having. Her small, soft, hands felt 
sinfully marvelous on my member. I could not get over the fact that 
this was actually happening. I devoured her body with my eyes and she was 
obviously proud of the effect she had on me. Her nipples rose to my 
touch and her hips bobbed softly, rubbing her clit against the bottom 
of my penis. I took the young, flat hips (just beginning to display the 
first hint of a womanly roundness to come) in my hands and pulled her 
from the sitting position to upright kneeling. The curly black mat of 
her pubic hair was as thick and dark as I had envisioned her sister's. 
Deep below, between the half-spread thighs, her dark-skinned soft lips 
glinted in the overhead lights. A touch confirmed that she was most 
delightfully wet. My dick slid into her and she rode it in a gentle 
rhythmic pumping motion. Her pace slowing suddenly at times to slide 
further down than she had been before. Each new fraction of an inch 
of deeper insertion drew a sucking sound of air inhaled across her 
teeth then more pumping then lower and deeper. Her eyes were 
half-closed and it was apparent that her total concentration was on 
the feeling in her pussy. I softly rubbed the dark clitoris . more 
gently than I would have another woman (as if I feared she would go 
away from too much enthusiasm). Her hips trembled and she dipped deeper. 
Still the gentle ride continued until, finally, I felt the head 
of my dick nudge the knob of her cervix. I felt her dilate inside with a 
pleasant familiarity I had come to recognize as a symptom of certain 
orgasm. The two soft, rounded, organs jostled and bumped sliding 
liquidly against and past each other. The marvelously flexible uterus 
accommodated the deepest probing our two bodies could manage as she slid 
to the furthest extreme of penetration. 

The contact of the tender wet skin of her vaginal lips against my 
equally-sensative scrotum triggered a sensory mechanism in her pleasure 
center and she pressed downward. It was a controlled movement, not 
a quick slam against me. Three more times with a deliberate and forceful 
slow motion she drove down. The sensation was the pleasantly memorable, 
and significantly unforgettable counterpart of the sound of a jail-door 
slamming. It jolted so electrically that every organ of my body 
recorded it into perpetual memory. 

She paused there deeply impaled and I felt the tension in her 
entire body. Every muscle quivered as the orgasmic shudders were 
transmitted like shockwaves through a hammer-struck steel beam. I 
watched her reddened face intently as I felt the muscles relax in a slow, 
melting manner. I rubbed her thighs and buttocks slowly until her eyes 
again opened. 
I learned early in my love-making life that the greatest 
of male pleasures were assured by granting those to the female. 
I held off my own orgasm, forcing it back from the explosive 
edge. I knew the potential force that was waiting, but had driven it 
into temporary dormancy. I pulled her on top of me, and with the 
first sweet shared kisses, rolled together so I was atop her. 

Her vagina was entirely relaxed now and invited any amount 
of force or penetration I could give it. Instead, I chose to mimic 
her sensuous, slow-motion, downward drives which ended with 
deliberate and ultimate penetration. Her knees raised high and 
collapsed outward like a ragdoll's limbs, leaving the most 
accessible love cup imaginable. Only a few of these exquisite drives 
were needed before the dormant orgasm raged. I plunged to the bottom 
one last time and held there reveling in the overcoming pleasure 
of repeated surges from my sensuous pump. Long after the last 
spurt of cum squeezed down my cock, the surges continued in 
runaway reflex motion. 

We spent the next few hours exploring each other's bodies - 
searching for pleasure points and realms of fantasy. We talked 
about sexual desires and many of my earlier questions and 
uncertainties were answered. Dianna, for that was her name, was 
fifteen, but almost sixteen (more than a month away). She had 
an uncle on her mother's side who had lived with them two years 
previously. The uncle was in his mid-twenties and considered 
himself worldly. He had a personal scrapbook of Polaroid photos 
of his previous conquests. The mother knew nothing about these 
and would have been enraged to know that her younger brother 
had seduced her thirteen-year old daughter. 

It first happened as Uncle Steve and I took afternoon walks in 
the woods with the family dog. Steve swore me to secrecy in his room 
one day, and let me see his private photo album. I was more than 
a little shocked at first, but he kept telling me that this was 
what real grown-up women liked to do. The girls all looked as 
if they were enjoying themselves and I wanted to be grown up 
too! Uncle Steve started by touching me on the walks. Each day he 
went a little further until I graduated from a finger to his cock. 
He was actually very patient. He took things very slowly, showing 
me how I could enjoy being touched and how I could best touch him. 
He actually made me beg him for three days before he put his dick 
inside me for the first time. I was SO ready to be fucked! It felt 
so good that I decided I wanted to do nothing any more than that! 
Steve could afford to be patient with me, because at night he would 
go out and fuck a high school senior Beck! I wanted to be like 
Beck. She had all the boys after her. She was not all that pretty, 
but she knew what to do to make them hot. The high school boys talked 
about her because she dated someone as old as uncle Steve, but she 
didn't care. Steve doesn't have that big a dick, but he loves to fuck. 
He knows almost everything about fucking. 

One night my folks went out and Beck and Steve were my babysitters. 
Debbie was on a date and the three of us took turns making love to each 
other while the third one watched and asked us to do different things. 
God the first time Beck licked my pussy I thought I would DIE! I 
wanted to try it with her so much, but she made me beg for it before 
I could try. I didn't understand then why she made me beg, because 
she seemed to enjoy it so much when she finally let me do it. I 
really thought she wasn't letting me because I was too young to 
do it right. I tried as hard as I could to do it right when she 
did finally let me, and uncle Steve was right there with me - 
whispering instructions and stroking my clit. I felt SO grown 
up when I made Beck cum on my first try! I almost cried 

As soon as Beck graduated, she and uncle Steve ran away to 
Florida. They came back about twice a year for a visit, and we would 
always figure some way to get together. It was never for more than 
a few hours, but it was like heaven! I masturbated every chance I 
could and had to be happy with that, but I prayed for Christmas and 
summer to come so Beck and Steve would visit. I tried to get two 
guys my age to fuck me, but they really didn't know how. They would 
get hard-ons, but would cum trying to get it stuck in. If any older guys 
showed interest in me, Debbie would threaten to tell Mom if she 
saw me talk to them worse than that, she said she would tell 
the Priest! Steve dumped Beck a few weeks ago and she came home. 
Beck and I have made love to each other several times and it was 
great, but I told her I wanted a real cock, and she said she would 
fix me up with you. She said you were as good as Steve, but had MUCH 
better equipment. I didn't believe her, but I do now! 

The love-making we did that night was tender and sensuous. I 
could not help but treat her like a child, and held my passion 
in check far more than I had with Beck. Still, is was the most 
erotic night of my life. 

At 4:30, before the sun started to lighten the day, we 
quietly placed her bike in the trunk of my car and I drove her 
to within a few blocks of her friend's house. We agreed that we 
would pretend not to notice each other at rehearsals, and she 
would wear her red blouse if she encountered any problems 
about being with me that night. On the way home I broke into 
a chilling sweat when the full impact of what I had done . 
and what trouble it could lead to struck me. 

Saturday afternoon rehearsal was fairly normal. Dianna showed 
up, thankfully, in blue. Beck smiled at me from a distance a few 
times, and walked past me backstage once, patting my cock and 
gurgling, good boy! 

Beck and I saw each other almost every night that week 
and I had to tell her exactly what Dianna and I had done 
when we were together. The same story aroused her each time 
and brought her to sweet orgasm as we slow-fucked like I 
told her Diana and I had done. When I asked her why she told 
me it was Debbie she was lining me up with, instead of Diana, 
she replied, Would you have done it, knowing ahead of time you 
going to fuck a fifteen-year old? I had to agree that I would 
have probably missed out on the night of my life if I had known. 

The following Saturday the technical people had meetings in the 
morning and actors who were cast in the production had rehearsals in the 
afternoon. I declined the chance to act in the first production, wanting 
to have the ability to schedule my evening activities. I was home by noon 
on Saturday. 

There was a knock on the door shortly before 1:00 pm. I answered it to 
find Diana, standing on my doorstep, wearing a Girl Scout uniform. She 
looked up at me with her innocent little girl face. She had on red 
lipstick and blue eyeshadow. Both were applied far too heavily for her 
childlike features. 

Want to buy some cookies? she asked with false naivety. She held a 
package of Oreos out to me as a prop. Her bicycle lay in the grass of my 
front yard. I was tempted to tell her that she looked ridiculous with 
all her makeup on, but was more interested in getting her inside - out 
of sight - as quickly as possible. I realized the heavy makeup was an 
attempt to emulate Beck's appearance. Beck had a way of putting on 
just a little too much makeup. It said, I want to fuck, and I am very, 
VERY good!, but did not say, I'm a whore!. I hurried her inside - 
terrified that someone had seen her. 

Once inside, she spoke before I had a chance to say anything. I put 
this outfit on because Beck said she thought it really turned you on 
to fuck a little girl! I tried to get into my Brownie uniform, but 
my tits are too big now. I wanted to see you and Beck said you 
would probably be home now, so I came over as quick as I could. Do 
you like this? She held her arms out and did a little pirouhette 
to let me see all of her in the Girl Scout uniform. The truth was 
that I liked it far too much. 

You really shouldn't have come here especially in the 
middle of the day like this. I've been doing a lot of thinking. 
My voice started to crack as I watched her unbutton the green dress. She 
saw that I was in agony and smiled at the affect she was having on me. 

Me, too. she said, thinking about your long dick and how 
deep it went inside me! Are you going to just stand there, or are 
you going to take your pants off? 

She opened her dress to show me her braless breasts. Her nipples 
were hard and swollen like the oversized erasers school girls 
buy to put over the ends of pencils. She smiled at my obviously turned- 
on looks and started walking down the hallway toward the bedroom. She 
turned to me at the door and said, Last one in the bed has to eat the 
other one out! She was on the bed removing her pink bikini panties 
when I got to the door. I was soon undressed and paying the penalty 
for being last. 

I thought I heard a car drive up, but dismissed it as a visitor to 
the neighbors' house until I heard a knock on the door. I was not 
expecting visitors and was mentally cursing the terrible timing as I 
quickly pulled on my pants. My dick was to hard to put on my underpants, 
so I pulled it up straight against my belly and hoped the t-shirt hem 
would hide it. I remembered it was Saturday afternoon and anticipated 
I would be dealing with the Jehovah's Witnesses and my hard-on at the 
same time. It was an aggravation I could do without. I looked down at 
Dianna and ran a finger lovingly through her pussy, then kissed it, as 
if to say I would be back as soon as possible. 

I went to the front door and opened it. Debbie, Dianna's sister, was 
standing there and was obviously not in the mood for a social visit. 

Hi! I stammered, trying to appear glad to see her. 

Open this goddamned door before I scream. she replied. My heart 
sunk. I knew that she had caught me. There was no doubt that she 
knew Dianna was inside. Still, I tried to play out my losing hand 
with a weak bluff. 

Sure, I tried to say in a friendly manner, Come on in. Is 
anything wrong? You seem a little upset. 

Where is that little tramp of a sister? I know she is here. That's 
her bike in your front yard. 

I don't know what you are talking about., I said as unconvincingly 
as anyone has ever told a weak lie. 

She looked me straight in the eye with as much fury as any human can 
muster and said, Look, you son of a bitch that girl is a minor! 
You either quit trying to fuck with me or I'm calling the cops! 

My brain searched for a reply, but found none. The opening of 
my bedroom door was the answer Debbie received. Dianna stepped 
timorously out of the bedroom. Hi, Deb, she smiled weakly. 

Debbie looked from one of us to the other. Nice! This is really 
nice!, she said. I saw you riding across town in that Girl Scout 
uniform. You haven't been to any Girl Scout things in almost two years! 
So, what do we have going on here? A little cradle robbing? How long 
you been screwing my little sister? 

We weren't doing anything, Dianna pleaded unconvincingly, he was 
just teaching me how to be an actress and this is my costume. 

Really?, Debbie asked sarcastically, OK. then let's go look 
at the theater! She pulled Dianna forcefully down the hall and into 
the bedroom. I followed close behind. As soon as the door was shoved open 
I knew I was sunk. Dianna's sheer pink panties lay framed by the white 
sheets. It sure looks like you HAVE been acting, acting like a TRAMP! 
Mom is going to kill you for this Dianna and YOU, she turned 
menacingly to me, You are probably going to jail for this! 

Debbie turned back to Dianna. The young girl's lips were quivering 
and large tears were just beginning to form in her eyes. PLEASE don't 
tell Mom, she pleaded softly, I'll do anything, Debbie, just 
don't let her know. 

Debbie seemed entirely unmoved by Dianna's emotion. She looked 
at her younger sister with contempt. I was torn with guilt, but 
absolutely powerless to do anything. 

Where did you get that lipstick?, the older girl asked, That's 
mine, isn't it? Mom would NEVER let you wear that red lipstick! The 
miserable girl nodded her head in confession. Where is it? What did 
you do with it?, Debbie demanded. Dianna reached into a pocket of the 
dress and produced the stolen makeup, turning it over to her older 
sister. 

Please, Deb, she begged again, what can I do to make you 
promise not to tell mom? 

Deborah looked at the beautiful little woman-child for long moments. 
Her look was filled with contempt and jealousy. The two girls looked 
very much alike, but the younger on the two had received the small 
refinements of features the older lacked. It was the difference 
between being pert and vivacious and dumpy and plain. It was 
very obvious that Debbie was all too aware of these differences. 
She slowly grasped the younger girl by the chin and lifted her 
face so they were looking eye to eye. 

Unbutton the dress. 

Dianna's eyes showed real fear now. She looked at me for help, 
but I could offer none. Really?, she asked unbelievingly. 

Unbutton the dress NOW! 

Slowly Dianna unfastened the buttons, starting with the top and 
working her way down. Her head was bowed and her hands remained on the 
last button when her task was completed. 

Now, pull it open! Debbie's voice was no longer angry, but it was 
very firm and controlled. I could sense that she was excited by being 
so much in control of the situation. Dianna spread the dress open 
a bit, showing only the valley between her young breasts. 

All the way, Dianna! I want you to open it wide. Let's see what 
you have there that is so fascinating. What does he like so much? 
Dianna complied and soon her breasts bulged from the slightly tight 
dress. Her face was crimson. Her nipples started to rise and she tried 
to pull the dress shut. NO!, commanded the big sister, Is that 
what you like?, she addressed the question to me, You like those 
nipples hard and that lipstick and that little girl dress? I 
nodded my head in consent, knowing that any other response would be 
futile. 

Here, then. she pronounced with a vengeful finality, Here
maybe you will like this more! She opened the tube of bright red 
lipstick and twisted it to extend a long, scarlet, point. Pushing 
rather hard, she placed the lipstick against Dianna's aereoli and 
drew circle after circle until the nipple and all surrounding were 
smeared with a thick coating of the creamy red makeup. As she 
rubbed Dianna's nipple, it bloomed into a swollen red rosebud 
and Dianna, head hung and eyes closed, shivvered with a 
combination of shame and arousal. Debbie moved to the other 
breast and, a little more gently this time, repeated the 
humiliating process. She seemed to linger on the nipple more 
flicking and teasing it with the `wet look' red cosmetic. 

Debbie stepped back and surveyed her work. OK, she 
spoke like a schoolteacher giving an unruly class instruction, 
now take the dress off. 

Dianna complied unhesitatingly, knowing now that it was 
useless to do anything but what she was told. Her head was 
still lowered and tears rolled from her cheeks onto the 
rudely painted breasts. She sobbed softly as the dress fell 
to the floor and she stepped away from it entirely 
unclothed. Debbie turned to me. 

Is that what you like? Is that what turns you on? Let 
me see how much it turns you on. Take off those pants. 

I hesitated, trying to think of a solution to the problem. 

You can do it now, for me, or later, for the homos in jail. 
just take your pick. 

I realized that she was in dead earnest and the decision was 
automatic. I released my belt and unzipped my pants, letting them fall 
to the floor. I had not put on underwear before going to the door and 
I was now totally exposed. My erection was long gone. I felt both 
physically and psychologically impotent in the situation. 

Well, Dianna, it doesn't look like your boyfriend is all that 
turned on by you after all! Don't tell me he does anything to you 
with THAT!??, Debbie smiled at the power she had over us both. 
Just what DOES he do, Dianna? You better tell me everything! 

Dianna spoke softly, He touches me.

Just touches you? Where? your tits? Dianna nodded. 
your pussy? your bottom? Dianna nodded again after each 
question. What else does he do? Does he kiss you? Dianna nodded and 
Debbie went through the same list of places, receiving a nod for 
an answer to each. What else? 

He fucks me, Dianna whispered. 

Do you like him to fuck you? Dianna nodded again. Does he 
fuck you in the ass? Dianna shook her head no. We had talked 
about it, and she liked my finger in her, but she had never done that. 
She was afraid it would hurt too much. Steve had tried it with her in 
front of Beck once, but Beck made him stop when she obviously was in 
pain. Beck, Dianna told me, had Steve fuck her in the ass while 
Dianna watched with interest and fingered Beck's clit and pussy. 
Debbie continued. 

Does he fuck you with his dick like that? Dianna again shook 
her head no. Well, Dianna, go pull his shirt off him and put 
him on the bed. I want you to make his dick get like it gets when he 
is fucking you. 

Little Dianna, her breasts smeared with red in a clown-like mockery, 
approached me and pulled my t-shirt off from over my head. Some of my 
earlier fear was leaving me. Debbie still was to be taken seriously, 
but I felt that she was growing aroused by what she was doing. If, I 
thought, she can really enjoy this, we won't have to worry about any 
legal or parental problems. I lay on my back on the bed and Dianna 
touched my cock half-heartedly. 

Suck him, little sister, Debbie said with a hint of true desire, 
I want to see how big you can get him. 

Dianna placed my limp cock inside her small mouth. It felt 
exquisitely pleasant to feel all of it go inside her. Her mouth 
was hot against my tender skin. Her blushing face radiated 
extraordinary warmth onto my thighs. I started to harden. I was 
getting very turned on now. Dianna felt me grow inside her mouth 
and I felt her muscles untense a bit. Instinctively, her fingers 
played lightly on my balls. She started to hold me out of desire 
as much as because she was instructed to do so. I glanced at Debbie 
and was surprised to see her rubbing her pussy through the khaki 
pants she was wearing. My cock surged and was soon full length and 
upright. Dianna sucked even harder, now unable to get more than half 
into her mouth. The sucking continued for long moments and I caught 
movement out of the corner of my eye. Debbie was removing the Khaki 
slacks and soon stood beside the bed in a white blouse and panties. Her 
finger slid beneath the leg opening and she fingered her clit 
vigorously. My cock swelled purple in the excitement. The veins 
stood out grotesquely. Debbie finally spoke. 

I think your boyfriend should fuck you, Dee Dee. It was the 
first time Debbie used her affectionate name for her baby sister. 

Dianna lay on the bed beside me, her legs spread. Her pussy lips 
glistened with slick wetness. I started to get on top of her, glad 
that Debbie was softening. 

Uh-uh, said Debbie, breathing shallowly, I think you should give 
your boyfriend your anal virginity. If you are going to date older men, 
you need to grow up all the way. Roll over on your stomach! 

Debbie, I can't!, Dianna pleaded. Debbie hardened again 
immediately. 

Listen you little bitch, she ordered, you are going to 
do exactly as I say. I'm tired of your whining! Stick that ass 
in the air and spread it open wide. Which would hurt worse, his 
dick in your ass or being thrown out of the family? Dad would 
kill you if he even thought you were kissing boys your own 
age, much less fucking men older than I date! 

Dianna slowly complied by turning over onto her stomach. She 
was obviously miserable. She pulled the pillow into a ball with 
her arms and buried her face in it. I saw tears again coming from her 
eyes just before the childish face was hidden. I knew how she feared 
this. We talked about it before, and she told me that she really did 
want to do it successfully, but he first attempt with Steve was far 
more painful than she expected it to be. She was sensative to pain 
and it frightened her to think of it. 

Her youthful derriere rose before me as she drew her knees beneath 
her. The tiny, tight, target was clearly exposed, as she did not yet 
have the woman's roundness of flesh that would hide it away. I could 
well imagine that two years earlier, when Steve tried it, she had the 
bottom of a little boy. I was glad she had the features now, however 
slight, of a young woman. I wanted to do this so much that I was 
ashamed of myself. I wished that I were not so aroused by the prospect, 
so my cock would not be as enlarged, but the fact was that I was more 
than exceptionally turned on, and my cock was a formidable tool. I 
compared the size of my swollen cock-head and her tiny orifice and 
saw no way the two could fit. I resolved that the best thing I could 
do the first thing of worth in this entire episode was to 
make Dianna so aroused that it would cause the minimum pain possible. 

Can I go get something to lubricate her with?, I asked Debbie, I 
have some Vaseline in the bathroom. 

NO!, she shouted, cutting me of in mid sentence, She needs to 
remember this for a lifetime! I don't care if you cut the little 
bitch in half! In fact, I would love to see her hurt BAD! She doesn't 
know what pain is, and it is time she finds out! She didn't care how 
much I hurt when boys would come to see me, then try to flirt with her 
instead she didn't care how it hurt me for Uncle Steve to quit 
fucking me because he 'had to be faithful to Beck', and then find 
this little slut's pictures - lots of pictures - hidden in his little 
album when I went to try to take back some he took of me! (I felt 
Dianna shudder violently and knew that this was a new revelation!) 
Where was her concern for how much I hurt when I had to go to 
confession and tell father all the things I had done, knowing 
that she was just as guilty, but never confessed to any of it! I 
could care less if it hurts her! I had to do my penance and she is 
about to do hers. 

Dianna's muscles had tensed so much from the tirade that I doubted 
a needle could be driven up her ass with a hammer. 

Look, Deb, she's scared. I'm going to fuck her ass real hard for 
you, would you like that? I'm going to drive into her all the way 
and you can watch. You'll get to see everything. But I have to be 
able to get inside her and I am so excited about doing this for you 
that my cock is REALLY swollen BIG you can see that, can't you? 
Let me have just a little something to get started with? It was 
apparent to even Debbie that I was telling the truth she saw my 
fully engorged erection bobbing with my every move. 

OK, she relented, Dianna, you keep that butt high, and don't move 
an inch! I rose to go get the lubricant from the bathroom. Did I tell 
you to go anywhere? Come here. Debbie pointed to a place on the floor 
directly ahead of her. Give me your prick! 

Debbie took me roughly in her left hand and began to smear my dick 
with the soft, oily, red lipstick. She pressed hard enough that thick 
ridges of the stuff edged the streaks that went up and down the length 
of my rod. She finished the job by running it round and round the end 
of it, making me feel so hot I wanted to shoot right then onto her fleshy 
stomach, but dared not. 

Here, she said, handing me what little remained of the almost-new 
tube of cosmetic, put the rest of this on her. 

I climbed back onto the bed and took my position behind Dianna's 
sweet little bottom. I had noticed that she watched Debbie coat my 
dick with the scarlet stick. Fortunately, it seemed to excite her. 
Her arousal was now more apparent as I gently coated her anus with 
as thick a layer of lipstick as I could. Debbie, too, was enjoying this 
sensuous pre-sodomic ritual and unabashedly lowered her underpants and 
resumed fingering herself enthusiastically. I reached around beneath 
Dianna and began massaging her womanly clit. I was much relieved to 
find it as swollen as I had ever made it before. She was wet, too, 
wonderfully wet and I used her natural oils to slide more smoothly 
across the thickened clit. I finished coating her little hole and saw, 
to my satisfaction, that it was making little attempts to open. I slowly 
inserted the remaining nub of lipstick inside, and felt her relax much 
more she was no longer frightened. 

Debbie, I said, noticing her fingers quickening, come closer, so 
you can see it all happen. Debbie eased to the edge of the bed. I 
reaching out toward her pussy, and she removed her hand so I could 
touch it. She quivered as I touched her clit, then continued minute 
spasms of pleasure as I cupped my fingers and ran them through her 
well-dewed lips. I transferred her copious fluids to the end of my dick, 
then repeated the act, placing the newest batch of cunt honey on Dianna's 
twitching ass. I placed my cock carefully in position and Dianna started 
humping spasmodically. I wanted her to be still, so I could be sure to 
center exactly on the gasping little hole, so I held her stomach in one 
hand and her left cheek in the other as I slowly began to apply pressure. 

I pushed harder and harder with no penetration, feeling Dianna's 
stomach muscles tense into a broad line of sinew beneath her skin. Her 
breath was shallow and panting like a woman in labor. My hand slid down 
the sweet stomach to her clit and I squeezed it pinching it to send 
pleasuring pain trying to give her another point of focus to take 
her mind away from the forced expansion of her tiny membrane. She cried 
a long animal-like cry of a woman-beast in delicious agony as my cock 
slid inside her. I looked down and saw my crimson coated cock slide 
into her. My fingers flew in fast frenzies along her clit, trying to 
continue giving her a greater pleasure point than place of pain. I felt 
her relax more than I dreamed she could and heard Debbie's 
breathless voice urging, Pump her, pump her!. Slowly I inserted 
withdrew then inserted again. Going deeper with each stroke. Dianna 
moaned in small, child-like whimpers of pain, but her slowly undulating 
buttocks urged me deeper. I fell across her back as I neared complete 
penetration - one hand still madly milking her clit, the other rolling 
her nipples alternatively between my fingers. I kissed the back of her 
neck with wet, sucking sounds and heard her moan a sound of pain but 
conflicting words. Fuck me harder!, she begged in mixed misery and 
ecstacy. 

A strange sensation overcame me as I felt slippery wet fingers slide 
with shivvering sensations along my own buttocks. I turned my head to 
see Debbie literally shoveling her pussy for juices to smear on my 
rectum. Her fingers trembled as she probed a second, the an electrifying 
jolt shot through me as she plunged her middle finger inside me. 
instantly she began pumping me with the same frantic movement she gave 
her swollen hole moments before. Involuntarily I drove hard to the hilt 
into Dianna as my balls exploded, blowing spewing sperm jets deep within 
her. She made a sound like a scream cut short at birth and her totally- 
tensed body contorted, then convulsed in a series of spasms as it melted 
into the bed. 

I lay on her back, tightly locked deep inside her. Slight shivvers of 
her inner muscles delighted my dick as I kissed her neck softly and 
soothed her with shhhhhh sounds. Vaguely I was aware that the 
finger was being slowly pulled from my own body and used in small, 
soothing strokes across the sensative opening. The stiffness melted 
gently from my cock, but still I stayed pressed inside her. No one 
spoke for long minutes and the gentle touch of Debbie's hand continued 
as I soothed her baby sister. 

Debbie finally broke the silence. I think it's time for you to 
pull out of there and let's take a look at a totally grown-up little 
butt. I rolled slowly off Dianna, leaving her exposed to Debbie's gaze. 
Dianna's hand reached out and squeezed my leg as the half-flacid penis 
slid from her tight tube. Debbie's hand reached out and tenderly, almost 
lovingly, inserted the same finger I felt into her sister. 

Ooooh that's such a grown up little girl now, she cooed, 
gently stroking in and out. Dianna's eyes were closed and she rubbed 
my leg in time with Debbie's soft movements. 

I looked at the hand on Dianna's small buttocks. She was like 
a baby being stroked to sleep by a loving mother. Scarlet streaks 
of lipstick stained my white sheets. Dianna's thighs and bottom 
were heavily smudged. 

Tired, baby? Debbie cooed, You want to go home now and go 
to bed? Dianna nodded drowsily. You are all grown up now, Dee-Dee,
every bit of you now Debbie sat beside Dianna on the bed and pulled 
her up close. She traced her glistening red finger across Dianna'a 
mouth, outlining the childish lips. You feel all grown up now, Dee- 
Dee? It's ok now if you want to wear my lipstick do you want to 
wear this red lipstick?, Dianna nodded her head sleepily against 
Debbie's breast. There was a look of comfort on her face that made me 
wonder if her head had not been there many times before. Your boyfriend 
over there has all the red lipstick on him why don't you go take some 
back. Do you think you could do that? Dianna nodded consent like a 
sleepy child following her mother's instructions to kiss Grandpa 
goodnight. She snuggled into my crotch and put me into her mouth, 
nursing on me, more than sucking me. She rolled her lips as her 
head bobbed softly. In spite of the incredibly sensuous feeling 
she imparted, it would have been impossible for me to get hard 
again. I was entirely spent. 

That's GOOD, Dee-Dee, Debbie urged her, Are you ready to 
go home now? Dianna nodded her head, my limp cock still stringing 
from her mouth. OK. then be a good girl and get dressed. 

Dianna looked at her and spoke for the first time in a while, 
You aren't gonna tell mom? Debbie stroked her hair and gently 
lectured, Not if you are good, and do what you are told from 
now on. Think you will be good? Dianna looked at her older sister 
and nodded vigorously. Debbie rescued the pink panties from the 
bed. I'm going to keep these, and you have to ride your bike home 
without them. Understand? (another obedient nod) When you get home, 
go wash the lipstick off your mouth before mom sees, but you have to 
leave it on everywhere else until I think you will remember your 
lesson, understand? (another nod) OK get dressed now.

Dianna dutifully put her green dress back on, covering the red- 
smudged beautiful little body. 

If your boyfriend promises to mind me and behave himself from 
now on, I will even let you come over and date him but I will 
have to come along as a chaperone to make sure you doing everything 
right. Understand? But from now on, if you DON'T do things the right 
way, you will both have to be punished, agree? she looked at both 
of us for concurrence and received it. And if you STILL can't do it 
right, she said, suddenly grasping my cock and looking me in the eye, 
I'll just have to SHOW you how I want it done. 
