			      A Small Woman
				   by
			     S. B. Douglass

	Alison looked at me with a serious expression on her face.  "I'd 
like to make love to you."
	I was surprised.  "I thought you wanted to hold off until our wedding."
	Alison leaned back against the couch cushion and sighed.  "Eric, 
I love you.  Isn't that enough?"
	"But why the change?" I asked, enjoying looking at her despite 
the serious subject.  She was a tiny girl, barely five feet tall and 
quite thin.  She was also beautiful, and she knew it.  She looked good in 
almost anything she wore, and right now, she was wearing a red strapless 
spandex minidress, the type that looks incredible on the perfect body and 
incredibly tacky on anything less.
	"Do I need a reason?"
	"No, but I don't want you to feel guilty about it later on.  You 
had plenty of reasons when you told me that you wanted to stay a virgin, 
and they seemed pretty good reasons."
	"OK," she said, and then paused to draw a deep breath.  "Here it 
is.  Ever since you proposed to me, I've been nervous about how big you 
are.  I mean, you're more than a foot taller and close to twice my 
weight.  I figure if we can figure out how to make love, there's nothing 
wrong with doing it because I really do want to marry you; if we can't 
manage it though, it's better to learn that now than later.  OK?"
	"OK," I said, sighing.
	"Now what's wrong?" she asked, and then laughed.  "Boy, we've 
sure killed cupid tonight.  Come on, let's take a walk and see if there 
are any fireflies left out there."
	Her apartment was across the street from the park, and earlier in 
the summer, we'd sat there for hours watching fireflies while we talked 
about getting married.  At the peak of the season, the fireflies along 
the creek in the park had been as good as a fireworks display.
	After she slipped on her sandals and led me to the door, we 
walked hand in hand out into the park.  It was a clear August night, with 
only one or two fireflies high in the cool but humid air and the sound of 
crickets and katydids providing a constant quiet background.  The 
fireflies flashed their lights slowly while we walked through the park, 
and after a while, she put her arm around my waist and I rested my hand 
on her bare shoulder.
	"So," she said, speaking quietly as we walked slowly back towards 
her apartment.  "Do you want to make love?  I've been on the pill for two 
months now, if that's any help."
	"OK," I said.
	She pulled away from me and looked sternly at me as we stood 
under one of the lamps along the walk.  "OK's a nasty way of saying yes; 
it can mean you passively accept the idea, or it can mean you're willing 
to actively participate.  Which is it?"
	"Want to do it here or in your apartment," I said, suppressing a 
nervous laugh with a lame joke.
	She laughed lightly and began to pull up the tightly clinging hem 
of her dress.
	"Hey!" I said.  I could make out a wisp of exposed pubic hair in 
the dim light.  "I was only joking."
	She giggled and turned to walk briskly back towards her 
apartment.  "I know," she said, looking back over her shoulder.  "Come 
on, though, let's do it."
	I followed her back to her apartment, my eyes locked on her fanny 
as her dress slipped slowly back into place.  I didn't say anything until 
we got back to the apartment, but I was surprised and excited by what I 
saw.  Alison had always liked to wear very sexy clothes, but I'd never 
imagined that she'd go out without underpants.
	When we were safely back inside, my curiosity won out.  "Alison?  
Do you usually go out with no underwear under your skirts?"
	"Sometimes," she said, straightening her hemline as she stood in 
front of me.  "With this kind of dress, you really can't wear anything 
under it except pantyhose because it shows through, you know, panty 
lines.  Pantyhose is OK when it's cold out, but in this kind of weather, 
I'd rather do without."
	She paused, looking thoughtful, and then grinned.  "Does it turn 
you on to know that I'm not wearing anything under my dress?"
	"I guess it does," I said, looking at her.
	She hugged me, and I bent down to kiss her, sliding my hands down 
over her bare shoulders and onto the tight elastic fabric covering her back.
	She pulled herself against me, and then stepped back.  "Let me 
undress you," she said, fingering my shirt.  "I've thought about this 
quite a bit, I talked to some good friends at work, and I've read a few 
books.  Girls usually have a harder time getting used to guys' bodies 
than the other way around, and it's time I got used to yours."
	"OK," I said, feeling a bit nervous.
	I expected Alison to start with my T-shirt, but she went straight 
for my shorts, unzipping the fly and then undoing the button at the waist 
that held them up.  The feel of her hands on me was at the same time 
familiar and new.  We'd held each other many times as we hugged and 
kissed, but we'd never gotten under each others' clothes, and we'd 
avoided touching each other in ways that could only lead to frustration.  
Now, the rules had changed and she was touching me as she'd never touched 
me before.
	"The red briefs are cute," she said, giggling slightly.  "I 
always thought you'd go in for white Jockey shorts."  Do you always bulge 
like that?  Do you mind if I touch it?"
	"Go ahead," I said, feeling a bit nervous about her reaction.
	She slid her hand gently over the bulge in my briefs, then began 
to pull them down.  Her touch was exciting, but I was nervous.  I knew 
she'd never seen a man's erect penis, she'd told me that, and I wondered 
how she'd react to mine.
	"Wow," she said, pausing to look at my penis.  "It's big.  Sit 
down, will you?  I've got some studying to do; you may as well get 
comfortable while I do it."
	After I sat, she took off my sandals and finished pulling off my 
shorts and briefs, then returned her focus to my penis, kneeling in front 
of me while she inspected it.  It was only half-erect, but her soft touch 
as she gently lifted it with her fingers was enough to remedy that.  She 
touched the tip, then ran a finger gently around the head.
	"From what I read, this should be nice," she said, tickling the 
underside just behind the head.
	It was, and the growth in my penis eliminated any need to tell 
her so. She giggled at it, then sniffed her fingers.  I was very erect 
and I wanted more.  At the same time, I was a bit embarrassed; I'd fooled 
around with other girls, but always in the dark, and never with anyone 
who was so openly curious.
	"I want to try something," she said, looking intently at my 
penis.  "Relax, will you?  I've read about this ..."  Before I could 
react, she kissed the tip of my penis, then took it into
her mouth.  I didn't expect that, and I half wanted her to stop.  My 
penis looked so large as it passed between her lips, and she was so 
small.  It felt good, though; her lips slid a ways down the shaft of my 
penis as she alternately sucked with her tongue and blew a bit of air on 
the shaft.
	I was startled enough that, for a moment at least, my penis 
softened.  She clearly wanted to excite me, though, and as she continued, 
I slowly relaxed and began to enjoy it.  I'd heard about girls doing 
this, but I'd never dared imagine that I'd enjoy it or that Alison would 
want to do it.
	I looked down at her small body in wonder as she knelt between my 
thighs.  She was so small and so thin that it was hard for me to believe 
that she could take my immense penis into her mouth, but she did it.  I 
could see her do it, I could feel her do it, and it was wonderful.  Part 
of me felt embarrassed; this was a gross thing she was doing, but that 
part grew weaker and weaker as my excitement mounted.
	I tried to hold still, but the soft warmth of her mouth sliding 
over my penis was too much, and eventually, I lost control and thrust my 
hips at her as she slid her lips down over my penis.  She pulled back 
briefly, surprised, then plunged herself even farther down the shaft of 
my penis, hugging my hips with her arms as her lips brushed my pubic hair.
	I ran my fingers through her hair, not knowing what to do with my 
hands, and then, without willing it, I felt myself pulling her head to me 
as she slid my penis into her mouth.  I was almost shocked.  How could 
she stand to do what she was doing?
	The pressure in my penis was focused into a sharp pain.  I didn't 
want to come, I was sure it would gross her out, and I didn't want that. 
With each stroke, the pain between my legs grew sharper, and I knew that 
I was losing control.
	I tried to hold back, but it was futile.  She slid slowly away 
from me, and I could feel her swallowing and then blowing air past my 
penis.  It was too much.  I came.  She pulled back in surprise, and then 
swallowed as I thrust myself deeply into her.  I groaned in involuntary 
ecstacy, pushing, holding her head tightly with my hands as she swallowed 
again and again.
	With each swallow, the sensation was overwhelming, and for a 
moment, I wondered if it would ever stop.  It did, of course, and when I 
was done, she continued to suck on my penis, gently mouthing it as it 
shrank.  I'd always thought of her as a beautiful but prim girl, and as I 
recovered from what she'd just done, the sight of her with her head 
between my thighs was disquieting.
	"I did it," she said, smiling as she finally pulled free and 
looked up at me.
	"But why?" I asked, still feeling dazed by what she'd done.
	"I figured that if I could do that, I could do anything," she 
said.  "Does it bother you?"
	"No," I said, "but I'm incredibly surprised."
	"Did you like it?"
	"Well," I said, trying to collect myself.  "Yes, I guess I did."
	She hugged me tightly, then kissed me full on the mouth.  I 
balked at the taste of my semen in her mouth.  It was strong, but the 
passion of her kiss won out and I ended up returning her kiss 
enthusiastically.
	"You asked me why I did it," she said, speaking seriously after 
she broke the kiss.  "I guess there are a few reasons.  I've been pretty 
inhibited sexually, up to now, and I don't want to be inhibited after I 
get married, that's no good for either of us.  I figured that the best 
way to put my inhibitions to rest was to go all the way, to do something 
extreme.  It's the same way I got over my inhibitions about the way I 
dressed, you know."
	"What do you mean?"
	"I used to be a bit of a prude when it came to clothing, back a 
few years before I met you.  I didn't think I was pretty, and I didn't 
think it would be right for me to wear sexy clothes even though I didn't 
see anything really wrong with other women dressing that way.  Then one 
day it hit me that guys were ignoring me because I was deliberately 
trying to be ignored, so after working up some courage, I decided to be 
pretty.  I went out and bought myself a skimpy little dress, stood up 
straight, and it surprised me how quickly I got over feeling self-conscious."
	"You're something," I said.  "I don't know if I could do that."
	"I wasn't sure I could do it myself," she said, and then drew a 
deep breath.  "Now that I've done it, though ..."  She trailed off.
	It took me a moment before I realized that she was talking about 
oral sex and not clothing.  "Did you like it?  Are you satisfied?" I 
asked once I understood.
	"Actually," she said, and then paused, "actually, it was better 
than I expected, but no, I'm not satisfied.  You've had your orgasm, now 
it's my turn."  She looked critically at me.  "You look funny wearing a 
T-shirt and nothing else, so take it off, then it's your turn to undress 
me and get to know my body the way I've gotten to know you."
	I hesitated for a moment, and then knelt to do as she said.  As I 
pulled her dress down off her small breasts, I admired the way her 
nipples stood out, above and to the side of where I expected them.  I 
paused, looking at them, and she grinned shyly.
	"Like them?"
	"Yes.  I like the way they stand up, but with a strapless dress 
like this, don't you have trouble keeping them covered?"
	Her grin broadened.  "Yup, the first few strapless dresses I 
tried were pretty indecent."
	"I'd have liked to see you in them," I said, and then continued 
to slip the dress down off her small body.  As I slid the dress off her 
hips and exposed her pubic hair, I wondered again what she wanted.  Did 
she really want me to perform oral sex with her the way she'd done with 
me?  It was hard for me to imagine her wanting that, ime.  She really was 
beautiful.  Her breasts were small, but very good to look at, with firm 
brown nipples standing out from the center of each.  Her slim waist made 
her small breasts look ample, and everything else was in proportion.
	She returned my complement by pulling my head down for a gentle 
kiss.  As I returned the kiss, she pressed herself against me, breasts 
against my chest, hips against my belly, and thighs against my still damp 
penis.  I felt very self-conscious, and I guess she noticed because she 
pulled away and looked sternly in my face.
	"Have you done any reading, about sex, you know, to help get 
ready for marriage?"
	"No," I said, flustered.
	"Why not?" she asked, and then frowned.  "I'm sorry, you don't 
have to answer that, I don't want to put you on the spot.  I think it 
might have helped, though."  She paused and took a deep breath, making 
her breasts rise.  "I guess I'll have to tell you what I've imagined 
would turn me on.  After what I've read and after trying what I've tried, 
I imagine that it would feel neat to have you kiame time, the idea of 
kissing her from head to toes was exciting and even romantic.  I kissed 
her gently on the lips, and then she pulled me back with her as she sat 
on the couch.  I kissed her cheeks, and then kissed my way down her 
neck.  She gasped as I kissed her under the jaw, and then began to relax 
as I kissed my way down her arm to her hand and then back up her arm and 
across her chest to her other arm.
	It was fun, and her reaction was fun.  She became totally relaxed 
as I kissed my way over her body, and as I kissed my way down her side, 
she ran her hands through my hair and over my back, gently guiding me as 
I kissed.  Her skin was soft and warm under my lips, and she tasted 
nice.  I reached her thigh, then kissed my way down to her foot, but when 
I kissed my way back up to her belly, her hands drew me up to her breasts 
instead of guiding me down her other leg.  Her breasts were softer than
I expected.  Soft and round, each with a hard nub of nipple slightly 
above center and off to the side.  As I kissed her nipples, I heard her 
breath catch, and she held my head tighter, hugging me to her.
	I kissed her nipples in turn, and the harder I kissed, the more 
she reacted, until she was moaning quietly as she hugged my head tightly 
to her breast.  Her thighs parted under me, and then she thrust her hips 
against my belly and pushed my head downward off her breast.
	Up to that point, I'd been enjoying what I was doing.  It was fun 
exploring her body, but in a way, I felt a bit clinical.  As she became 
aroused, though, I felt an echo of her arousal.  My penis grew heavy 
between my legs, just heavy enough to draw attention to itself, not 
stiff, and I was no longer involved in a mere intellectual effort.
	Her hands pushed my lips towards her crotch, and as I came 
closer, I could smell her.  I half expected a urine smell, but wasn't 
that, it was musky.  She spread her legs wider as my lips neared her 
crotch, and when I dodged to the side to kiss the inside of her thigh, 
she spread them even wider.
	It's odd, even though I'd touched girls with my hands before, I 
half expected the bulge of a penis as she drove my lips up her thigh.  I 
found hair, and then the parting of the lips of her vagina.  I hesitated 
there, smelling her strong musk, not sure I was ready to actually touch 
her there with my lips or tongue.
	"Please!" she whispered, gently drawing my head to her with her 
hands.  I brushed her with my lips, feeling the slightly moist softness 
of her skin, and then I tentatively touched her with my tongue.  She 
tasted a bit salty, but not bad, and I began exploring.  There was a 
ridge between the lips of her vagina, and as I touched it, she moaned.  
Down towards her bottom, the ridge split into what must be her inner 
lips.  I probed with my tongue, and then kissed my way up until my nose 
was in her pubic hair.
	"Yes!" she whispered, twining my hair in her fingers.  Her hips 
began to buck under me, she drove my lips against her, and then she 
groaned deep in her throat like nothing I've ever heard before.  It was 
exciting!  It was one thing to imagine a woman being sexually excited, 
but quite another thing to feel responsible for it.  I wanted to keep her 
excited, I licked, I kissed, and I sucked on the swollen ridge between 
her lips, and then she clamped her thighs tightly around my head, pinning 
me against her.
	After a long pause, she sighed and loosened her grip on my head.  
"That was good!" she said.  "Hug me!"
	She pulled me to her and then hesitated a bit before kissing me 
hard on the lips while we embraced.  My penis was half-erect, pushing 
between her thighs.  Her small breasts were pressed tightly against my 
chest, and my arms were around her tiny waist as she hugged my head to hers.
	"Thank you," she said, breaking the kiss and pushing away to look 
at me.  Her eyes twinkled and her face was flushed.
	"I gather I did it right?" I asked.
	"Yes," she said.  "Do you want to try making love to me now?"
	"I don't think I'm ready," I said.
	"Oh, I guess guys have to wait," she said.  "I didn't mean to put 
you on the spot.  What can I do to get you horny again, or at least kill 
time until you're ready to get horny."  She paused and sat up on the 
couch next to me.  "I know!  Wait there, I'll show you something."  I sat 
on the couch wondering what she was up to.  She went into the bedroom and 
shut the door, and then I heard drawers being opened and shut.  I was 
still feeling a bit stunned by the way the evening had gone, so I don't 
know how long it was before she came out again, but it was probably only 
a few minutes.
	"How's this?" she asked, opening the door.
	She was dressed, wearing a light suit jacket and short skirt.  
"Pretty," I said.  "But isn't that what you wore to the concert last week?"
	She smiled.  "Right.  Except that I wore pantyhose and shoes."
	"So?  I don't think I ever notice stockings unless they're 
colored or something."
	"Really?" she asked, and then took off the jacket.  "Anyway, 
after what you said earlier about my breasts, I thought you'd like the 
way this camisole fits me.  It's really the perfect thing to go with this 
jacket, or I wouldn't have bought it, you can see why."
	She ater and a sheer blouse. "This is all stuff I wear pretty 
frequently," she said, turning, "but I haven't combined things this way 
before, for obvious reasons."
	The sleeve holes in the sweater were large, and when she turned 
to the side, her nipples were plainly visible through the thin fabric.  I 
told her I liked it, and then she took off the sweater.  The effect was 
stunning.  I think I've seen pictures of women wearing transparent 
blouses with nothing underneath back in the late 1960's or early 1970's, 
but it's a different thing to see someone you love dressed that way, very 
different.
	"Here," she said, opening the door again.  She was wearing a big 
hat, a necklace, and a tiny vest.  It covered her nipples, barely, but 
the exposed bottoms of her breasts hung round and soft under the vest, 
and she wore nothing else.  "Recognize the vest?"
	I shook my head as she turned around for my inspection. "It goes 
with one of my sundresses," she said.  "I wore it last week."
	"You wore it with more, though."
	She laughed, then hugged me.  "That's the end of the show," she 
whispered.  "I see you're ready to make love, so why not lie down on the 
couch and I'll sit on you.  I've heard that that's probably a good way 
for me to keep in control, and I need that."
	I was out of control.  As she pushed me back on the couch, I was 
hypnotized by the gentle bounce of her small breasts, and then she 
straddled me with her thighs, kneeling over my erect penis and feeling 
herself.  My eyes were on her crotch as she spread the lips of her vagina 
and positioned herself over me.  As she touched the tip of my penis to 
herself, my hands rose involuntarily to her hips.
	She looked so small kneeling over me.  My penis looked huge, 
large enough that it was hard to imagine how it could fit into her 
without harming her.  As much as I wanted gratification, the thought of 
my penis penetrating her tiny body verged on the horrifying.
	She stroked my penis gently against herself, sliding it from 
front to back, coating it with the moisture that was seeping out of her 
vagina, and then she began to settle down over it.  She stopped, with a 
pained look on her face, and then fell down onto me with a grunt, lifted 
herself a bit, and sat down hard on my hips.
	Her breathing was heavy as she looked down at where our bodies 
joined. I stared.  Her small fanny sat firmly against my hips.  I could 
feel her weight on the bone between my hips, and I could feel her warm 
body surrounding my penis.
	"My God!" I whispered, looking up at her face.  "Are you OK?"
	The serious expression on her face softened.  "I'm not sure, but 
I think so.  You're in me!"
	Her expression shifted from a look of concern to a proud smile as 
she looked down at me.  She was sitting up very straight, her hat and 
necklace framing her face, and her tiny vest propped as far from her 
chest as her small breasts could push it.
	"You're beautiful," I said.
	She gently squirmed against me, and her smile widened.  "I think 
I could get to really like this," she said, and then squirmed again.
	I was still holding her hips, but that seemed unnecessary, so I 
slid my hands up to her slim waist.  She rested her hands on my chest, 
and then began to rock gently.  It was the most amazing feeling!  There 
must have been muscles inside her that were moving in rhythm to her 
rocking.  The soft satin feeling of her insides sliding over my penis was 
perfect, and as she rocked, the look on her face grew from a proud smile 
to a look of radiant victory.
	I slid my hands up until they touched the bottoms of her breasts, 
and then I slid them up further, pushing aside her tiny vest to finger 
her nipples.  She held my hands there, briefly, and then began to slide 
her fingers gently over my stomach and chest.  I was in heaven, my penis 
was hard, deep within her small body, but it fit perfectly.  Her every 
motion sent a sensation through me, a sensation so intense that it was 
almost painful.
	As she continued rocking her hips, her expression grew intense.  
She was breathing deeply, and then she began to moan deep down in her 
throat.  She thrust harder with her hips, and with each thrust, it felt 
like my penis would burst.  I pulled her hips to me, I wanted to thrust 
myself even deeper into her, and then I felt the breaking surge of 
release as my penis began to pump deep within her.
	She slumped against me, hugging me hard to her, her vest and 
necklace against my chest, and her head on my shoulder.  We held each 
other tightly, and then she sat up again and looked down at me with a 
radiant smile on her face.
	"I love you!" she said, picking up her had from where it had 
fallen and balancing it on her head.
	"I love you too," I said, looking up at her, still feeling my 
penis deep inside her small body as it began to shrink, and already 
looking forward to the next time we could make love together.
