Archive-name: Family//smartkid.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Smart Kid

Keywords: minor, incest, ff, mf


Now I don't want to give you the impression that I condone child 
molesting because I certainly don't but I really feel that some 
of the reports one hears about nowadays are being used to excuse 
some hangups people have about sex.  They would rather blame 
their father or uncle or mother rather than try to find out why 
they really feel the way they do.  As for me I've been lucky to 
have had an active sex life since I was born.

Some people say that kids don't have the same erotic urges that 
adults have but that's just plain bullshit.  Most kids just don't 
recognize those feelings or get them all mixed up with adult 
worship or guilt trips.  Hell, my mother equated sex with 
backrubs, foot massages, and other so-called non-erotic 
experiences.  She taught me that sex is simply one branch of 
sensual feelings and it was to be enjoyed as much as any other.  
She played with me sexually as far back as I can remember and 
insisted that I do to myself and her whatever felt good.

When I was still in diapers we used to play with each other.  Mom 
would kiss and tongue my little pussy until I got so excited I 
would pee.  Then she would invite me to play with her furry 
crotch which was as fun as petting a kitten the way Mom would 
respond to my caresses.  

As soon as I was old enough to  watch, Mom and Dad would let me 
stay in their bedroom and sometimes even in their bed while they 
made love.  I learned right away that they were enjoying these 
sessions in spite of the moans and cries that some kids interpret 
as violence between their parents.  I knew what it really was 
because I could see the smiles and loving touches in between.  
When I slept in their bed with them we were all naked of course 
and I was able to feel the kisses and carresses they would shower 
on each other.  Pinches and hair pulling was ruled out, as was 
anything that appeared to hurt another person.  

Dad would usually come inside Mom but every once in a while he 
would ejaculate on her belly or breasts to let me see what came 
out when he climaxed.  Mom also showed me how Dad liked to have 
his cock sucked and I would do it to him while he was licking 
her.  

When my folks had people over for parties and games I would have 
to go to my bedroom.  My Mom explained that some people didn't 
understand that what we did together as a family is all right 
since some children couldn't handle the sensual experience 
without getting confused.  She would promise that I could watch 
everything and that I could sleep with Mom and Dad the next 
night.  My parents had hidden video cameras in all the rooms so I 
could watch what was going on but even better was the large one-
way mirror between my bedroom and the family room that was 
usually the scene for all the sex that went on.

From the parties I learned mostly that all adults have fun with 
sex by rubbing and being rubbed, kissing and being kissed, but 
especially by fucking each other.  I also saw that two men or two 
women could have sex together and I learned new ways to give 
pleasure that I had never seen my parents use.  Another thing 
that interested me was the wide variation in how people looked 
"down there".  

A typical party at our house would involve two other couples 
about the same age as my parents.  They would have drinks and a 
snack or two watch a short movie or play a game.  Both activities 
were designed to get everyone in the mood for sex and they always 
worked.  The movies were just shorts of two or three people 
fucking so the games were more fun.  They were usually things 
like strip poker or spin the bottle with lots of sexual 
overtones.  Other times they simply read erotic stories from a 
book or magazine they would pass around.  

Pretty soon, whatever the activity had been, everyone was partly 
or completely undressed and getting friendly with each other.  I 
liked this part best because there was always a lot of exploring 
going on with the women spreading their legs wide apart for all 
to see and appreciate and men jacking their cocks into battle 
position trying to make them as large and stiff as possible.  
After this brief little exercise the real stuff began and soon 
cocks were slipping in and out of cunts, and mouths were 
smothering both cocks and cunts alike.  Mom, knowing that I was 
probably watching would almost always try to maneuver a couple 
over in front of my mirror/window sometime during the evening.

I don't want to give you the idea that as a kid all I ever 
thought about was sex because it just wasn't so.  In fact, my 
childhood was similar to all my friends except that I knew all 
about the "facts of life" long before any of them and I had been 
clued by my Mom and Dad as to how to respond to some of the funny 
attitudes and questions that I would get from them.  We even 
practiced playing "doctor" so that a neighbor boy wouldn't get 
suspicious and tell his folks that I had seduced him.  By the 
way, that incident is so funny I'll tell it to you.

It happened when we were both about six and our parents had left 
us both with the same babysitter.  This woman, who we called 
Grandma, was a grandmotherly type that was really nice and 
conscientious about her job.  Her only problem was that she would 
get on the phone and sometimes talk for hours.  We kids knew, of 
course, which people she tended to talk with for much longer than 
others.  I was watching TV when Joey came in the room and told me 
that Grandma was on the phone with Fred and would I like to play 
doctor with him.  I'm pretty quick about most things and I 
certainly knew that Grandma would probably be tied up for at 
least an hour.  I also recognized immediately that Joey had some 
hanky panky in mind.  

Professing naive curiosity, I said, "Sure," and went along with 
Joey's directions.  He got out a white doctor coat and a kit that 
he had gotten for his birthday, a black hard plastic bag with a 
red cross sticker on it.  For a moment there, I thought he really 
intended to play "doctor" but he soon eased my fears.  I was to 
lay down on the couch and complain of a sore tummy.  Taking his 
toy stethescope, he proceeded to pretend to examine me for the 
problem.  He soon pushed his hands under my dress which I 
protested as Mom told me I should.  Joey explained that he needed 
to examine me all over and maybe it would be better if I took off 
all my clothes.  I suggested that we compromise by letting me 
take off my underpants and he could feel under my dress if he 
needed to.  It was hardly a compromise since I knew he would want 
my panties off soon anyway but this way it didn't look so forward 
of me.  

Soon Joey was feeling me all over but much too roughly for my 
enjoyment.  I complained that he was making my tummy hurt even 
worse and I didn't want to do this any more.  Then I insisted 
that he let me be doctor for a while.  He protested that he 
needed to go to the bathroom and I suggested that we needed a pee 
sample anyway.  We got into the bathroom where he removed his 
pants and underpants.  Expressing (fake) surprise at his 
equipment I grabbed his cock and quickly made it hard.  Knowing 
that he would now have a hard time peeing I proceeded to instruct 
him to do so in a little cup.  He tried and tried but the harder 
he tried the stiffer he got and the less chance there was of his 
being successful.  I suggested that that was the cause of his 
tummy ache and that he could fix it by rubbing Vicks on it.  At 
that I left the room, put on my panties and took my book into the 
kitchen where Grandma was still talking on the phone.

Dumb Joey believed what I had said and had rubbed Vicks all over 
his cock and balls.  The stuff soothed him just long enough  that
he could piss and then it started burning.  He apparently  tried
to wash it off but ended up just rubbing it in more and  finally
he came crying to Grandma.  He tried to blame me but  Grandma
would have none of that.  She knew I had been sitting in  the
kitchen reading the whole time she was on the phone.

But back to my history.  As you could tell, I knew a lot about 
lotions, heat rubs, and other "devices" by the time I was six.  
Mom had a couple vibrators that she let me use and I was anxious 
enough about getting a cock in me like she could get in her that 
I used the smallest one (it was about the size of Dad's middle 
finger) rather roughly on myself until I could get it all the way 
in.  I was so proud of myself that I insisted Dad try his finger 
in me the next time we played together.  It went in easily and 
was so much nicer that I decided a cock would even be better.  By 
the time I was 12, I could take everything Mom could and had been 
fucked both cunt and ass by my Dad.  I insisted.  Dad had had a 
vasectomy so we didn't worry about my getting pregnant.

At 12 my parents felt that I could start getting it on with kids 
of my own age although they felt that I had to be careful just 
how I approached others so I didn't scare them or let them know 
just how well educated I was.  Besides, I had a reputation as a 
nice girl that I didn't want to lose any sooner than necessary.

The first couple of dates I went on were real busts.  I had had 
to maneuver the boy into asking me anyway and all during the 
dates he acted like a scared rabbit.  The third date was 
different.  On the second date, as we said good-night on my 
porch, I let him know that I really appreciated his going out 
with me and then I kissed him.  I don't think he ever would have 
gotten around to it.  Well, for the third date, this kid was 
anxious to start kissing as soon as we got into the movie.  He 
was a 9th grader.  I let him kiss me on the lips once then 
insisted that he nibble my cheek and neck.  That was almost as 
good for him and a whole lot better for me because he really 
didn't know how to lip kiss yet.  

I got so hot from his nibbling and the romantic movie we were 
watching that I whispered in his ear that he was getting me hot. 
 You would have thought that I had said, "Let's fuck," he was so 
excited.  It was all I could do then to hold him in his seat 
until the end of the movie.  

On the way home, we ducked into some bushes by the side of my 
house and I showed him how to French kiss.  I also pushed against 
him until I was sure I could feel his stiff cock against my 
belly.  Then I began whispering about how hard he felt and how I 
would like to know what that stiff "thing" was and that some 
girls had told me that he was a real stud.  All the time I was 
keeping him so busy with kissing that he couldn't answer 
anything.  Well, I played it long enough that he suddenly 
stiffened in my arms and bucked his pelvis involuntarily three or 
four times into my stomach and then was very still.  I wanted so 
much to feel his crotch to see how much he had come but I 
resisted.  I knew there would be another date.

Needless to say, he wasn't interested in coming in the house and 
didn't even want to hang around after his climax.  He walked me 
to our door, kissed me quickly on the cheek and ran away before I 
could get any more than a fleeting glance at his damp trousers.

He didn't call for a week so I began on another boy.  My strategy 
was to claim that I wasn't going steady since I had at least two 
boyfriends at any time.  This second one was the boy I had had 
the Vicks incident with.  Although we had seen a lot of each 
other because of neighborhood and school events, we hadn't really 
palled around since that incident.  This guy was more experienced 
and he had his hand on top of my brassiere moments after the 
movie began.  I whispered to him that maybe we should go home and 
play doctor if that was all he was interested in.  That stopped 
all his amorous advances for the evening.  However, as we reached 
my house, I again used the bushes on the side to warm him up 
again.  Like I did with the first boy, I got this one to boil 
over with just the right words and body movements.  The 
difference with this one was that he knew what was happening and 
grabbed my ass just as he came, insuring that I felt every 
voluntary or involuntary thrust of his pelvis.  Then he took my 
hand and deliberately pressed it against the damp crotch of his 
pants saying as he did so, "A few layers of cloth stood in the 
way of my cock depositing this sperm directly into your pussy but 
I intend to do a better job next time."  I climaxed as I gently 
squoze his partially limp penis through the damp material.

I didn't know who was doing the trapping and who was getting 
trapped but I was certainly hooked on sex with boys.  I played 
the field as wide as possible avoiding going all the way with any 
of them for the next two years.  I had to do a lot of cock 
sucking to stay a "virgin" but that was part of the game plan.  

During this time I also had my share of sex with girls.  Of 
course, it wasn't as intense as it could have been had I taught 
the girls all I knew, but I had to let them initiate me into 
their little rituals and then just accidentally "discover" things 
that would give us both pleasure.

The first experience was at a slumber party.  Of course, the mood 
was festive and the inhibitions minimal providing a good 
atmosphere for sharing.  All the girls were running around with 
shorty nightgowns and bikini panties.  Someone suggested 
comparing tits and I allowed myself to be talked into it.  Then 
when everyone was topless, I suggested a game where we all get in 
a circle and try to sit on the lap of the person behind us.  With 
a bit of effort we managed to do it but in the process there was 
a lot of holding onto tits of the person sitting in your lap.  We 
decided to try to send messages by squeezing the right or left 
tit of the person in front when we felt our corresponding tit 
being squeezed.  Some girls got a bit rough but most of us 
quickly stopped playing and were massaging for the fun of 
massaging.  Before we stopped, everyone had nipple erections.

The rest of the evening was like any other slumber party I'd been 
to and none of us even thought about getting to sleep until after 
2:00.  About 4:30 I needed to pee so I slipped out of my sleeping 
bag and stepped carefully over the other girls on my way to the 
bathroom.  I was surprised to see the bathroom occupied and heard 
a soft but distinct buzz coming from inside.  Since the door 
wasn't fully closed, I pushed in like I hadn't even noticed 
anyone was there.  

It was the hostess's mother sitting on the john with her 
nightgown pulled up and her legs spread wide apart.  Before she 
instinctively closed her legs, I saw the plastic vibrator she had 
been using.  Acting embarrassed, I explained that I hadn't 
realized anyone was in the bathroom and I needed to pee bad.  I 
then went on to say that I would wait outside.  The vibrator was 
still buzzing.  I turned to go, then with all the strength I 
could muster, I started to pee.  The woman, thinking I was really 
desperate, called me back.  I managed to make a good show of 
trying to hold inmy urine while she stood up and moved away for 
me to sit down.  

My panties, of course, were soaked making them all but useless 
for hiding my budding black bush.  I stripped them off then sat 
down utterly naked now and again let loose with the pee.  I 
really had needed to go so my act was quite convincing.  Mrs. 
Brown didn't pretend that she wasn't watching me and I acted so 
relieved at being able to pee that I wasn't trying to be modest 
at all.  It still appeared that she wasn't going to initiate any 
further moves so I spoke up, "Do I hear a buzzing sound 
somewhere."  

"Yes," she said, "I've been using a vibrator to sooth my nerves."

"Oh, that's what I need," I exclaimed.  "I've been tossing and 
turning all night."  I didn't explain that I had been tossing and 
turning because I had been having the sexiest dreams.

Mrs. Brown then went through a number of facial expressions, the 
meanings of which could only be guessed.  Finally, though, she 
smiled a kind of motherly smile and pulled her nightgown over her 
head.  She was now as naked as I and I gasped appropriately at 
her generous endowments.  A slim, almost petite woman, her 
breasts were at least D cups and although I knew where she had 
the vibrator I could not spot it for the thick growth of brown 
hair between her legs.  Reaching to her crotch she withdrew the 
shiny, plastic vibrator almost like a magician might produce a 
rabbit from a hat.  I gasped again.  "You had that big thing in 
there!" I questioned. 

In response, Mrs. Brown slowly inserted her vibrator until it was 
once again completely hidden from view.  "May I," I blurted out 
and before she could respond I had reached forward and placed my 
hand on her pubic hair.  I fumbled around briefly trying to get 
the lay of the land, so to speak, and managing to flick her 
clitoris once or twice in the process.  I really was impressed 
with her capacity since the vibrator was at least 10" long and 
she had it in all the way.  I wondered if Mr. Brown were that 
well hung or if she had had other experience.  

I pulled out the vibrator slowly, commenting to Mrs. Brown that 
she had the most lovely pussy I had ever seen.  

"And just how many have you seen, dear," she asked.

"Oh, you know, the girls in the gym locker room and once I saw my 
mother when she was getting out of the bath.  I've never touched 
anyone else like this though."  The statements were true.  Of 
course, I had seen many others and I had never touched a woman 
with so much hair.  Mom always kept her bush trimmed to about 1/2 
to 3/4 inch long.

"Well, let me give you a little anatomy lesson and then you can 
try my vibrator."  I had forgotten that I had asked to.

Mrs. Brown sat on the edge of the vanity and instructed me to 
kneel in front of her.  I thought, this gal doesn't waste time.  
She then placed her feet on my shoulders and spread her knees 
wide apart.  What a view!  She pointed out her labia, clitoris, 
mons, the whole bit.  I wanted so much to eat her out but decided 
that really would look a bit forward.  Instead, I grabbed the 
vibrator again and proceeded to slip it in and out several times 
to Mrs. Brown's obvious pleasure.  I used it to point out the 
features she had just shown me and I even included her anus.  
That brought a cry of shock from her.  

We then exchanged places.  She proceeded to point out all my 
anatomical features, lingering over each one a little more than 
might have been thought necessary.  This was definitely turning 
me on and I was a little frightened that she would sense my being 
not quite virginal.  Suddenly, she buried her face in my pussy 
and I climaxed.  I held her tightly to me and shivered through 3 
or 4 wonderful waves of pleasure.  When I had calmed down, I 
asked through feigned sobs, "What did you do to me?  It felt so 
wonderful but so, so strange."

"You are a lucky little girl," my mentor said.  "You have just 
learned what it is like to have a climax.  When I use the 
vibrator just right, that is what I feel, anytime I want."

I begged her to do it again and this time I let myself build up 
to another climax.  Then I asked if I could reciprocate.  I could 
tell she had never been eaten by another woman and that's a shame 
because she was responsive.  "Wow, that was better than my 
vibrator!" she gasped. "Where have you been all my life?"

Just then, we thought we heard stirring outside the door, so we 
ended with a passionate hug and a french kiss.  Mrs. Brown 
slipped on her nightgown and then left, saying as she did that I 
was welcome at their house anytime.  I never did get involved 
with her again because I thought it too dangerous with a friend's 
mother but I did let my mom know about the situation and the two 
of them had some great times together.

I lost my "virginity" three weekends in a row and convinced all 
six boys that they were the first.  The first weekend I had my 
period so it was easy to get them to think I had been deflowered. 
 The next two weeks I had to be a little creative but I pulled it 
off anyway.

--
