Archive-name: Bestial/smp2.txt
Archive-author: Old Fox
Archive-title: Susan, Mark and Pepper


     Author's note: This is part 2 of Susan's story. *I* don't
     like it as much as part 1 but it will provide the
     transition to Part 3, which should be posted in a week or
     two.Thanks to jfriday for transmitting this.
     Enjoy!    
                                             Old Fox             



"Mark should be here within fifteen minutes" thought Susan as she
was applying lotion to her newly-shaved mound. Thoughts of what
might happen raced through her mind as the stinging subsided on her
exposed skin leaving only the tingles of anticipation. She looked
in the mirror at her trim, tanned body. The only light areas were
just across her vaginal lips, around her wanut-shaped areolae and
the one area just above the crease in her buttocks. All of the rest
of her she had managed to shift her bikini so that the sun could
touch.

Looking at her vulva, she could see the hood of the spark-maker and
her krinkled inner lips peeking out a little. "That's the problem
of arousal, I get krinkled and swell up," she thought as she
appraised herself. "But, I'm not a little girl anymore, I have more
shape down there. I have more activity down there."

Hearing a car door slam in front, Susan hurrydly pulled on her
bikini and had it adjusted as the doorbell rang.

Pepper, resting in his favorite day spot in the back yard by the
deck, barked to announce a visitor. After being reassured by Susan,
he returned to his doggy-nap.

Mark was not expecting the greeting he got. He'd never seen Susan
in a bikini because she was never allowed to buy one when she lived
at home. The front door shut, Susan reached her arms over Mark's
athletic shoulders and planted a kiss to end all kisses. Mark's
lips on hers brought waves of pleasure to her body and her wiggling
against him lowered her bikini to expose rigid nipples against his
cotton shirt.

"Whoa! let's slow down," Mark exclaimed as he felt a rapidly rising
pressure in his pelvis. Sure, he wanted some fun but this was too
fast. He moved her back and he was the one to catch his breath as
her saw her pert nipples .... her bare tummy ...... and ... WOW...
the tantalizing view of the top of a bare mound. This brought about
not just pressure but a full-blown erection. Mark thought to
himself "I'm sure glad I haven't masturbated for a couple of days.
Maybe this is IT!"

Poor Mark. He knew that she was expecting him to stay with her that
night but that his parents had other ideas.

"Susan, ....Ah, ...I've just got a couple of hours today since I'm
supposed to meet my folks this evening for dinner."

"Maybe we could make good use of the time we've got," she said as
she took Mark by the hand to lead him to the bedroom. Mark had a
grin on his flushed cheeks. Mark was still shy.

Susan quickly rid herself of the little pieces of suit and spread
herself on the bed to allow him full view. This had never happened
before she had her freedom from her house. Mark had a difficult
time undressing with a rigid penis in the way. He placed himself
beside her and ran his fingertips the length of her torso. Her
nipples begged for attention and her vagina churned as his gentile
lips and tongue lavished attention to the walnuts and nipples.

His fingers had wended their way down to her crotch and his palm
cupped the bare, warm, yielding flesh. Mark slowly inched his
middle finger between the now-slippery lips and up to the familiar
barrier, her hymen with a finger-tip-size opening. Mark really
wanted to get more than the tip of his finger in there *sometime*.
He realized that he was feeling her move in ways that she had not
before; there seemed to be an intensity he had not felt before.

Susan pulled away to reach for the lubricated condom she had ready.
Sliding down his firm body, she placed it on his slippery tip and
unrolled it down the length of his twitching penis, causing him to
moan. Susan pulled Mark over on top of her. She pulled her knees up
beside him. She pulled him up to her until she could feel the
throbbing member against her crotch. She reached down to grab his
heat and slowly insert it between her enflamed, engorged lips. It
hit the barrier but she wiggled and pushed herself down against
him. She contracted and relaxed (this seemed to have worked for
another place). The barrier, as usual, held and Mark let out his
usual sigh of discouragement.

Since she had learned, thanks to Pepper, how to get release for
herself, Susan decided to try Mark's penis someplace else and she
could rub her spark-maker (as she now called her clit) and they
could both get satisfaction. She moved so that the throbbing member
was between her nether cheeks and began to push and contract.

"I can't."

"Why not?"

How could Mark tell her that he didn't want his penis back there?
It *just*wasn't*right. "I'm sorry, I just don't want to hurt you,"
was his lame excuse. How could he tell her he was a prude?

Susan felt he meant it so didn't press the issue. "Would you kiss
my tummy?"

"Sure!" This would be a way out of an awkward situation and, he'd
never really done that before. 

His lips brushing around her navel set her skin on fire. She inched
upward on the bed, moving his lips downward towards her mound. As
they first touched, her tummy began twitching in anticipation and
she tilted her pelvis upward for easier access. His lips were on
her labia and she raised herself further to greet him. She was
ready for a literal tongue lashing. "Slide your tongue out right
there," she whispered breathlessly, preparing for the spark-maker
to do its thing.

How could Mark tell her that tongues don't belong in there?

"I can't, I'm, ah, in so much pain that I need to come right now."

Susan was pissed.

But, she loved the shy one and grabbed his sheathed member with
both hands. It only took a few solid strokes and squeezes and he
was convulsively pumping the end of the condom full.

...

Dressed and chit-chat and Mark announced it was time to leave. This
he did, awkwardly.
...

Sure, Mark was satisfied and here deep inside Susan was a raging
fire that demanded attention; great attention; attention more than
her finger would give. 

"Pepper, come on boy!!"

Pepper was puzzled by the quaver in her voice. Susan was having
trouble unfastening the rope from his collar because of her
trembling fingers. Pepper smelled why. He sensed they were headed
for the bedroom and his member began to unsheath.

Susan quickly shed and almost pounced on the bed to present her
churning crotch to Pepper. He needed no invitation to begin lapping
at the tasty juices. The trouble was, the juices were spread all
around and it was difficult to get them all what with all of her
bottom wiggling and bouncing. Susan was being driven nuts by all of
the licking around her vagina. FINALLY, he hit home. The first time
his tongue began at the back of her opening and laved its way up to
her clit, she froze in glorious anticipation. The next time, she
had the pushing urge which opened her further to his ministering
tongue and elevated her spark-maker to open stroking. The third
time, she began her moan and her legs spead even wider as the
spasms began to surge through her body. His tongue spreading her
inner lips kept the fire burning and her vagina churning and she
wanted something inside and the blasted barrier and why couldn't
Mark get through and just big enough for finger and Pepper's penis
and smaller than Mark and bigger than my finger and the little hole
in my ... HUH???? ........ Pepper's penis?

Orgasmus holdus.

Susan sat up bright-eyed and Pepper just stood there, his panting
causing his erect member to bounce with every breath. She looked at
the pointed tip, smaller than a finger. She continued back and saw
a firm rod larger than a finger but smaller than Mark. The solution
was at hand. She rolled over and Pepper knew what to do. He knew in
the past that it would feel great but taste weird when he licked
himself clean, not like those other juices he loved. What he didn't
realize that this time she tilted her pelvis forward rather than
back. His throbbing member easily found its way between more open,
slippery lips. Susan could feel the tip reach the small hole in the
barrier and then come tight to it. As Pepper adjusted his stance,
a little jab on his part did the job, a tear at the edge and that
was all that was needed. Susan felt a stab of pain and then
something she had never felt before, probing at churning muscles
that had never *ever* been touched. As Pepper thrusted deeper, the
tear enlarged and Susan needed time to adjust to the pain. She
pushed him away and lay there on her tummy, panting in rythm to
Pepper as the pain subsided. Her vagina was overtaken with a new
kind of feeling of urgency brought about by penetration deeper than
she had ever experienced.

Susan had an incomplete feeling and, looking at Pepper, she
realized he must feel the same. She was sure that she couldn't
continue what had started but she had such churning she had to do
something. She rolled to her back and pulled Pepper up between her
legs to hug him and let him know it was ok. Pepper's penis struck
against her spark-maker and she thrusted her hips upward
involuntarily. Pepper's surprized penis then found itself at level
with open lips; Pepper's penis sensed an invitation; Pepper's penis
needed no further invitation; Pepper's penis easily slid in to the
nob. Susan's eyes flashed wide as the member slid across her
cervex; what was this sparking sensation? Pepper, feeling his rod
well-ensconsed, adjusted his stance for the ultimate thrusting and
began. Because of the angle of her pelvis and the elevation of the
engorged member, the tip slammed across her G-spot and cervex
repeatedly. The triggered orgasm inside her body almost caused her
bucking to throw Pepper off the bed. As she came, she could feel
the nob at the base of his penis separate her lips as he finished
his final thrusts.

Susan just rested there, waiting for her heart to slow. She weakly
got up to clean herself and wash the blood from her quivering,
weakened thighs. She began to think about how it would be different
with Mark the next time.

Pepper licked himself clean, appreciating the better taste. He
settled in, went to sleep and dreamed doggy dreams.

--
