Archive-name: Bestial/smp3.txt
Archive-author: Old Fox
Archive-title: Susan, Mark and Pepper - 3


     This is the third in the Susan/Pepper stories. The fourth
     will appear in a couple of weeks as Barbara comes to
     visit Susan and her old pet, Pepper. Hope you enjoy
     reading as much as I enjoy the writing.
                                               Old Fox

                ---------------------------------

Susan was looking forward to Mark's return. The last had been too
short, and *unsuccessful*. Now that her barrier had been lessened,
she was sure that they could *do it* and both would lose their
virginity. (Susan was puzzled, was she still a virgin in the real
sense? Maybe she needed to check with alt.sex.wizards.)

All preparations had been made. Susan was, once again, cleanly
shaven and her pubic mound was, once again, aroused with the
dancing tingles. She studied her firm, well-tanned body in the
full-length mirror. "Maybe my breasts could be a little larger" she
mused, "but then they might sag." She cupped one of her firm
breasts in her hand and drew in her breath as a finger slid up to
her walnut-sized areola, now engorging, and across her sweet, pink
and erect nipple. Not wanting to neglect the other side, she
treated herself to another breath-gathering caress.

She turned to view her buttocks. "No cottage cheese here!" she
thought. "My exercises were worth it!" Susan bent slightly and
parted her nether cheeks to expose her pink pucker; she was
beginning to learn how many sensations could be generated in that
region. Her middle finger strayed to the pucker and then further to
the nerve-filled region between the pink pucker and her vigina.
"Got to stop!" as she felt the arousal build in her body.

Susan pulled the light cotton muscle shirt over her head and freed
the blond hair from the shoulder straps. She'd never wear it in
public, but it was just the thing to greet Mark with. She stepped
into the cutoffs she'd just bought, and cut shorter, feeling the
stone-washed denim pull slightly between her buttocks and against
her beginning-to-throb genitals. "Hmmmmh....." she murmered as the
sensation of the seam next to her spark-making clitoris coursed
through her pelvis. 

Just walking from her bedroom to the kitchen brought new waves of
sensations to her bare crotch causing her to sway her hips as she
walked; this alternated the pressure on the spark-maker. She paused
in front of the sink and pressed the heel of her hand to her mound
to relieve some of the pressure.

The doorbell rang!!!!

"Mark's early!" she thought as she quickly walked to the door,
feeling the pressure build inside.

"Collecting for the Daily Barker; Paul Jr. is away at camp and I'm
collecting for him."

Susan was disappointed upon hearing an unfamiliar voice and found
herself looking in the pleasant face of the paper carrier's father.
*He* was wearing cut-offs and a muscle shirt about like hers except
his cut-offs were longer in the leg which, she observed, was a good
thing if he was to be in public! And his muscle shirt was to
display his attributes rather than pert breasts.

"I'm sorry, I have to get my checkbook. Won't you come in and sit
while I get it?"

Paul Sr. sat on the chair next to the door as Susan went to her
bedroom to get her checks. Paul, once she disappeared, had to make
an adjustment in his shorts because of the delicious sight of
Susan.

Susan re-appeared and sat on the footstool in front of Paul Sr.,
her checkbook on her right knee and her other leg splayed splayed
off to the side. She wrote "Daily Barker," filled in the date and
looked up to ask the amount owed. Her eyes caught his eyes taking
in her exposed upper thigh. This brought dancing torment between
her legs. "How much do I owe you?" she asked with a slight catch in
her speech.

"Um? ... Oh! ... ah, let me see ..." was his husky reply. As he
opened the collecting book, he also shifted his body against the
growth he was feeling in his shorts. This tented the leg of his
shorts and the growing tip of his handsome penis became barely
visible. "Seven seventy-five," was all he could say after his gulp.

Susan bent to write in the amount, slowly, and shifted her left leg
further out to give him an even better view. Paul Sr. could now
plainly see the hollow of her inner thigh high in her crotch. As
she shifted further, he could see the crease and even a bit of her
bare vulva and outer labia through the fringe of her cut-offs. She,
without moving her head, glanced up through her hair to see the
effect of his ever-increasing view; his penis was visibly expanding
and the tip now had a glistening bead. It seemed that there was
body language taking place a mile a minute! She made a show of
slowly tearing the check from the book and gave him a view of fully
half of her pounding crotch.

A car door slammed. Mark had arrived.

Paul Sr. stood up and took with his shaking hand the check offered
by a shaking hand. 

"Will you be collecting the next time, also?" She was already
thinking that the next time she'd be ready with just tennis skirt
and no shorts.

"Probably, I think there's another camp that Paul wants to go to.
And this one lasts a month so I would need to collect two more
times. I don't mind collecting."

Paul Sr. awkwardly left as Mark approached the door.

Mark was once again greeted with a passion he did not understand.

"I can stay tonight, ah ... if you'd like," he said tentatively.

"I'd love it! I'm sure that we can find plenty to do," she
responded with an inward grin and a warm smile.

Mark bounded out to his car to bring in his sports duffle for the
night. Once inside, Susan led him to the bedroom and spread out on
the bed. Mark was ready for whatever was to come. He knew that he'd
get a great hand-job. He now looked her carefully over from her
sparkly blue eyes to her delicate feet now placed sole to sole. In
between, he savored penis-engorging breasts and a crotch that was
exposed except for the rough material now between her spread labia.

He moved on top of her and their bodies began to squirm together.
Every movement of his lower body moved the seam of her shorts
against her clitoris and his penis against her pulsing pelvis. He
rolled off and pulled his t-shirt over his head and his shorts and
underwear down, throwing his thongs along with his shorts. He slid
his hands under to remove her muscle shirt; as they slid across her
breasts, her pelvis tilted to rub against dampened material. He
unbottoned and unzipped the shorts and, as she lifted her hips for
Mark to remove them, his hands caressed from her narrow waist
across her well-formed hips and down her sculpted legs.

She pulled him on top, between her legs. She was so ready!!

"Wait! Shouldn't I wear *something* if I'm going to be this close?"

"Not unless I need protection from STD. Have you done anything
since we were last together? ... are you still a virgin?" she asked
quietly but bluntly.

"Nn--no. ...  No to the first and yes to the last. You know I want
only you," was his somewhat hurt reply.

"Then we're alright. My period is due in a day-and-a-half, so we're
safe," she said as she parted her legs further and pulled him
closer.

He knew what would happen, she'd get the tip of his penis between
her outer lips and then he'd hit that impenetrable barrier. Then
he'd pull out and she'd give him a glorious penis-rub until he
came.

She knew what would happen. His penis would enter the outer gate,
make it through the barrier and she'd have one of those mind-
blowing explosions with his penis inside.

Susan was rocking her pelvis with Mark's penis rubbing against her
clitoris. She could take no more so she lifted her legs beside him.
This moved her hips so that his tip was at her pulsing opening. She
pulled his hips toward her and felt the tip get in as far as usual.

Mark was waiting to hit the barrier and what he felt was an opening
larger than before. She pulled at his hips and he felt his penis
penetrate beyond the hymen with the hymen clutching his shaft just
below the tip. "OH ..." she exhaled as the jab of pain from further
tearing hit her. "Mmmmm ...... mmmmmhhmmm ....." she murmured in
pleasure as she felt his tip expand inside.

Mark's eyes were wide and the new sensations caused him to push
himself deeper into the welcoming cavity. He could feel cloying
walls clutch at his ever-stiffening member. It was better that any
hands he had ever felt and "OHMYGOD!!!" exploded from his lips as
his semen exploded for the first time *ever* inside those velvety
walls.

The pounding spasms of his orgasm treated her churning vagina with
touches she nad never felt and raised her to a dizzying state. He
was done and began to shrivel. The pleasure tool was shrinking.
Even his departing member brought shudders of delight inside Susan
who was at peak arousal. He was done. Susan wasn't done.

Susan was pissed.

..................

They showered. They made small talk and caught up on each other's
activities. She fed Pepper. They took a ride in Mark's car. Susan
let Pepper in. They ate supper.

Through all of this, Susan had come down a little but still felt a
tremendous need for her own orgasm. Eating supper, Pepper wandered
under the table and gave Susan a lick on the knee. Susan's whole
lower body became instantly enflamed and desired what Pepper could
do. Under the table, she spread her legs for Pepper to lick higher.
Mark felt she was somewhat distracted as they conversed. She could
take no more and shoo'd Pepper away, hoping that Mark did not
notice the pink member poking from Pepper's sheath.

.....................

They went to bed.

Pepper was pissed (or whatever dogs get), because there was someone
on *his* side of the bed.

Susan was determined to get satisfaction. She toyed with Mark's
penis and found it soon erect. As he lay on his back, it stood at
a magnificent angle.

"Just stay there," she whispered as she rolled over on top of him,
stradding his body, facing away from him, "I want to look at you."
She then trapped the underside of his penis between his abdomen and
her lower slippery lips. Susan raised up, pulled Mark's penis
straight up and slowly swallowed it with a clutching vagina that
seemd to be acting on its own.

Pepper was watching intently from the foot of the bed, fully
aroused himself by the smell and the view of his master's crotch.
he placed his front paws on the bed and began licking Susan's
thighs. As he moved higher, Susan shifted and, instead of sitting
on her knees, was now squatting with herself impaled on Mark's
ever-extending member; she was being touched deeply by him.

All Mark knew was that he was in ecstacy and got to the point he
didn't care what was going on as long as it felt this good.

Pepper's tongue finally found her clitoris and it only took a few
licks for the day's accumulated sensual torture to be relieved by
wave after wave of undulating explosions through her crotch and
around her vagina's new friend, Mark's penis. Mark's penis,
engulfed in slathering velvety pulsing gulps of a vagina, exploded
deeply inside Susan. The throbbing raised Susan even higher and her
breathing almost stopped as the next waves of orgasm coursed
through her body.

Before Mark could get completely soft, Susan rotated to face him
and kept his softening penis in her vaginal clutches. As she bent
to kiss him, Pepper recognized what he thought was Susan's
invitation for him to get relief. He first licked her nether hole,
bringing waves of pleasure to Susan who was still floating on 
clouds of afterglow. Pepper's tongue also grazed Mark's testicles. 

Between the squeezes around his shaft and the unexpected lapping
tongue, Mark found his lower body reacting in a way he didn't think
possible. He felt his penis, instead of further retracting,
beginning to grow inside its moist, pulsing prison. 

     [Author's note: I hate these damned kids with
     recouperative powers which I have lost. I should have
     pepper *bite* Mark's balls but that would ruin the story. 
     ...Old Fox]

As Mark's penis grew, Susan felt herself sliding Mark's penis in
and out and then she felt Pepper's paws on her shoulders and
Pepper's probe poking at her nether hole and she wouldn't stop if
she could and she slid back and Papper's penis hit paydirt and Mark
is hunching up and two penis's meet through two thin walls and now
she's just holding still as two lovers thrust in unison in their
respective channels and her back arches and her clitoris is
assaulted by Mark's pubic bone and her head is pulled to her chest
as the mother pearl of oceanic orgasms rocks her body bringing both
lovers to tumultuous thrusting finales. Her body, rigid
with orgasmic spasms, began to relax but tensed briefly, with
pleasure, as two organs exited her satisfied pelvis.

She coudn't imagine anything finer as she collapsed on Mark's chest
which was heaving much the same as hers. She rolled off to one
side, Mark's arm around her shoulder. They drifted off in blissful,
completed sleep.

There was a little room left on the bed so Pepper sat to clean
himself, settled in for the night and dreamed his doggy dreams.

--
