			A Snapshot Into The Life

Let's see. Keep this. the pens and pencils go here. And 
that goes in the garbage. Well, I got half of the desk cleaned off, half 
to go clean paper goes in this pile. I need this Poloroids?
Wow! I haven't seen THESE in a WHILE! Three pictures can bring back such
FOND memories! 

Ah, yes! sigh Kathryn and I were always playing strip poker with each 
other in our dating years. We played all the time, and delighted in the 
scandal of seeing the other person's nude body. Poker was soon identified 
with sex. Sex without poker was common, but who ever heard of poker without 
sex? 

When we got married, the game lost a lot of it's meaning. We each didn't
want to play with anyone else involved, it always ended with a private talk.
You know, the kind that people always have during sex. The talks usually
revolved around our bondage fantasies. We went as far as to visit a sex shop, 
and talked a lot about what turned us on, but we never tried bondage for quite
a while. Each person was iffy on giving up TOTAL control to the other.
Telling Kathryn my fantasies during sex sure got me HARD!

Without the nude prize awaiting the winner, there was no strive 
to win Kathryn and I are both quite competitive when we each knew that we'd 
both end up naked and having sex afterwards. Losing brought it all that much 
faster. It got boring quickly to our mutual chagrin.

After going through 6 weeks of withdrawal from strip poker, Kathryn came
up with an idea. We'd play, and the loser would agree to be the winner's 
sex slave for 24 hours. No holds barred, the winner can do ANYTHING. I 
immediately agreed.

That idea came up on a Tuesday. We talked about THE GAME until it was 
scheduled. Sunday. One game, winner takes all. All he/she wants that is.
Slavery from Friday after work until Saturday-Sunday midnight. 

All during that time, lovely visions of Kathryn done up in a corset
distracted me from work. Black, leather, it'd cinch her waist wonderfully,
and bring out those wonderful breasts. She'd have her hands bound behind
her with a leather thong. Wide enough not to cause discomfort. My did we both
enjoy the Bottier's posts and the TIMELY discussions thereof. Timely as in 
during sex. 

The day came. We had fun practicing fake poker faces all day, constantly
laughing at each other as they glanced out the side of their eyes. After 
we'd calmed down after a particularly funny one that Kathryn did, I gave
her a big kiss on the lips, and a big warm hug to match. Kathryn, I love
you. I wispered in her ear. She replied. And I love you too. Shall we
begin? And so it was. 

We were each fair. I had 2 shoes, 2 socks, 1 pants pair, 1 shirt, 1 tie,
and 1 underware, total of 8 clothing items. She had 2 low heels, 1 skirt green
to match her eyes, 2 thigh high stockings white. She looks GORGEOUS in 
white. Then again, she looks gorgeous without white.maybe that's why I 
MARRIED her. Well, she also was wearing 1 green shirt, 1 bra, and 1
panties pair. Also 8 items of clothing. Eight. And FALLING!! 

It started off sort of lop-sided. She got the cards she needed, and I
didn't. One flush, three tens, and three kings made short work of my shoes 
and my tie, amid constant jokes that I didn't want to wear them anyway. 

Then the revenge came. A flush of my own with a two pair of nines over
fours convinced her that she didn't feel like wearing her shoes either. I
thought she looked nice in 'em, but she replied that they weren't too 
comfortable. It all brought back memories of those wild dating years. 

Her pair of aces beat my pair of kings, then her pair of kings beat my
pair of jacks. I made myself at home, taking off my pair of socks. 

My three duces ravaged her pair of nines and pair of fours. It was a 
total slaughter, the pair of nines and the pair of fours never stood a chance.
She glanced at me, smiling. I don't feel like wearing THIS either. She started
taking off her blouse. Her bra-clad breasts slowly peeked through the widening
gap between the buttons. They looked as wonderful as always. And rather
erect too. Time seemed to stand still as she took off the blouse. sigh It
was like our teen-age dating years again! I was grinning ear to ear, 
imagining. If I DID win this game. what would she be wearing? ANYTHING
I WANTED HER TO. Bodystocking perhaps? Or the corset? This would indeed be
a hard choice. 

The beautiful breasts staring at me started breaking my concentration.
Kathryn looked at me, smiling as she knew how much I loved her breasts. 

One hand later, I had no shirt. The next hand, I lost my slacks. I was
down to my underware. If I lost that, I would need to submit to her every will.
Gone would be the bodystocking. 

Next hand I beat her three fours with three sevens. She reached toward
her bra. It was indeed a sight to behold as her breasts broke into view.
I knew that I couldn't lick them now. I'd have to wait until I won the 
game. But then I could take my time. 

The next hand I knew that I had her. I got two kings, then changed cards,
and picked up a third. Those panties had to come OFF. She exchanged 4 cards,
and looked WONDERFULLY disappointed. It was the first time in a LONG time that
her looking disappointed was wonderful. What do you have? She asked glumly.
I smiled, laying down my kings. She breathed a deep sad sigh. I was almost
sad that I won the hand. Then I saw a hint of a smile peek from her face. What
was SHE invisioning if SHE won? Her slight smile grew into an ear to ear grin
as she laid down her four sevens. When you get home, clean the house, then 
make yourself PRESENTABLE for my arrival. Then she walked off, and went to 
bed. A story for another day. She was in an erotic mood, I was in an erotic 
mood, she's wearing white stockings. wonderful night's. sleep.
Sleep is one of the few things that we DIDN'T do that night.

During the next few days, I got the idea to her literally. Ideas flowed
through my head. I wanted to make her happy right from the start; to fulfill
all of her fantasies that she'd mentioned those wonderful nights. The 
anything went to punishments, and she told me of some s/m ideas that I DIDN'T 
want to be on the receiving end of. I took a trip to Underground Leather, 
right in my neighborhood, as I worked on the outskirts of Greenich Village, 
in New York City. During the visit, I made QUITE sure that everything locked,
was impossible to escape without the key, then unlocked.

When the slavery day came, I made sure to leave work right on time, and I 
rushed home. I quickly straightened up the house as time allowed. I did NOT 
want to have her arrive to early! Then I got myself ready. 

I made sure to work this in the right order. I wrote out a card to
Kathryn. It read:

	 |      To Kathryn, |
	 |              I give you my love. |
	 |              And myself. |
	 |                      -Your willing captive | 

I knelt down in the entry foyer, right under the chandelier, bringing the 
card and all of my purchases, unlocking everything. I placed the keys and the 
note on the rug in front of me. I slipped the ball gag into my mouth, tying 
it around my head snugly. No, I couldn't make any intelligible noise. Then 
the red ribbon bow loosely around my neck, just for style.

I slid the cock ring around my limp member, then threading the large 
padlock through it. The weight of the padlock and the sight of my cock held
like that was already making it grow.

I wrapped the leather ankle cuffs around each of my ankles, pulling the 
D ring through the right slot. I slid the middle ring of the handcuffs 
through the padlock, followed by each ankle cuff. Then the distinctive click
of the padlock. I tried the padlock. I was locked into a kneeling position.
I then locked my hands behind my back with the handcuffs. I was helplessly
trapped. 

I was still trying out the bonds, making sure that Kathryn would find
me quite helpless, when the phone rang. Without thinking, I tried to stand to 
answer it. The sudden tug of the cockring made me QUITE aware of my bound
predicaments. I wasn't going ANYWHERE until Kathryn came home!

As the minutes went by, I realized that I had no idea what time it was.
I sat gagged and bound just feet from the front door, waiting for 5 minutes?
2 hours? I had no idea how long Kathryn would take! 

Finally a car pulled up in the driveway. Was it her? The car door opened,
then shut. The footsteps sounded like hers.up the walk. Up the stairs.
Ding Dong! Oh no! They rang the doorbell! It's someone else! And I'm bound
naked just 3 feet away! And the door's unlocked! Please don't come in!
Ding Dong! Please don't come in! Nobody's home! They're trying the door! 
They opened it a crack! Opening it. It's Kathryn! She smiled at me, 
pleased to see my work. She looked me over, slid a finger underneath the bonds,
then walked behind me and into the house.

She came back with a long nylon string. Smiling at me, she tied one end
to the chandelier. She then picked up the keys, threading them on to the 
string, then tied them right at my eye level. With her grin intact, she looked
down at me. The keys were looking me right in the face, just a foot away. But
I couldn't reach them! It made me SO aware of my status, bound beneath her.
And so excited at the same time. She then strode behind me out of sight again.
What was she getting this time?

I heard the newspaper ruffle. And then she turned the page. I was BOUND
NUDE in the hallway, and she was READING THE PAPER?? She continued on, totally
ignoring me. How long this went on I have no idea. She finally was done, and
walked upstairs.

When she FINALLY had the notion of coming back downstairs, she called out.
Keep your eyes SHUT, my captive. I did so. She walked down the stairs,
walking around me at a leisurely pace. Her hand glanced my cock. I tried 
bucking to savor the touch, but for naught, the padlock held me fast. And 
again she draped a finger over it. It lingered, idly twirling my cock around.
You may open your eyes now.

As I opened my eyes, they nearly fell out of their sockets! Before me
was Kathryn, MY Kathryn, with high black heels, black fishnet garters, a black
leather teddy that was purposely a size to tight, and black leather gloves
that held the instant camera. 


FLASH 


Since our first time at bondage, Kathryn and I had experimented a bit
more. I tried dominating her, but it just wasn't as fulfilling as being 
totally under her will. Every so often she'd tie me down to the bed, and 
have her way with me. 

She also sometimes went out on idea-getting excursions, and not only 
wouldn't let me go along, but didn't tell me where she was going, despite my 
repeated requests. All that she said was that she was visiting a few 
friends. Despite her saying that they were heterosexual females, I didn't 
like this lack of trust. All in all, it was breaking apart our new-founded 
marriage. She eventually relented. She wouldn't take me to who she was 
visiting, she'd bring who she was visiting to me. One condition. I would 
have to serve them as a slave. I agreed. I wanted to know where my wife was 
going to find things out!

On Saturday, we worked together on cleaning the house. Kathryn seemed 
rather nervous about it, constantly telling me You WILL need to behave, and
do as you're told. You understand? The consequenses for disobedience were 
to start at 4:30, and the women were due to arrive at 5. I agreed.

At 4:30 SHARP, Kathryn ordered me to undress in the bedroom, then come 
downstairs to the living room to get dressed. I went upstairs, and undressed 
as she'd commanded. It wasn't an erotic experience, but the anticipation of 
whatever she had in store had my cock in a semi-hard state. I decended the 
stairs.

I approached Kathryn, kneeling before her, spreading my legs. She reached
down to my cock, sliding a pile of metal rings and leather straps over it. 
Two additional rings wrapped around my balls. Kathryn wrapped the leather 
strap from the rings around my body, tying it behind me. Yes, Kathryn mused.
I think that the Gates Of Hell will work quite nicely. I wondered what
they were supposed to do. The rings weren't tight enough to get me hard, and
they became real small after only 4 inches. 

Next came my collar. It is leather, about 2-3 inches high around, slightly
higher in the back. She fastened it in the back with small Allen bolts. 
Without an Allen Wrench, it's impossible to get them off. I was sure the 
garage with my tools would be locked tonight. 

Then Kathryn pulled out a rough plate of leather, with straps dangling
from it. She twirled this behind me, resting it on my back. One strap buckled
to the back of my collar, a second strap buckled to the Gates Of Hell that 
were tied on my crotch, and two other straps went down beneath my chest, and 
wrapped back to be secured on the leather plate. Two wide straps dangled
useless from my hips. At the time, I had no idea what this contraption was 
for, as it didn't stop me from doing anything. It seemed like leather armor 
for my back!

The last thing that I had to wear was my bridle gag. It is an effective
ball gag on a steel rod. She packed the sponge ball in my mouth, and fastened
the main strap from the rod around my head, back to the other side of the rod. 
A Y shaped strap ran from each end of the rod, meeting on the bridge of my 
nose, and continuing over the top of my head, where it met the main strap 
encircling my head. The final strap went from one side of the main strap, 
under my chin, connecting the the other side. This final strap made me bite 
down harder on the ball, muffling any sounds all the more. 

With a casual sweep of her hand, Kathryn grabbed one of the rings around
my cock with a tug, slowly lifting it up. She kept lifting it. I went up
on my tip-toes to escape my balls being ripped off. She kept lifting. My 
eyes went wide. I tried screaming through the gag PLEASE! PLEASE DON'T! 
DON'T! I'LL BEHAVE! Listening closely, Kathryn heard my muffled 
mm mmmmffffmmm. She smiled. Yes, the gag IS effective. Wonderfully so.
Oh! If you need anything tonight? Don't hesitate to ask! She knew she had 
me. Again.

Just then, the doorbell rang. The company had arrived. With a slight 
push, Kathryn had me down on my hands and knees. She then straddled me, 
sitting on the saddle that I wore on my back. She slid her feet into the 
stirrups dangling from my hips. Then clipped a leather thong to each side of 
my gag. Giddyup! She called. I crawled, carrying her to the door. She 
answered the door, still riding me. There stood a tall woman. She was dressed 
in a black leather teddy, with black leather high-heeled boots, buckling in the 
front, and extending up almost to the bottom of the teddy! I couldn't see her 
face from my kneeling position, but she DID have nice legs though! 

Kathryn let her in, introducing me. This is my pet male, Daisy.
WWWHHHAAATTT??? My name isn't DAISY! I can't even be called by my own NAME?
But I wasn't in a position to argue. I couldn't even talk. I was in a 
position to be ridden. And ridden I was. Kathryn tapped my thighs 
with her boots. I crawled on. She steered me into the living room. The 
visitor sat down.

Again the doorbell rang. Kathryn rode me to the front door. She
opened it, and two women entered. She led them into the living room. One
of the women commented as Kathryn rode By the way, what's your pet's name? 

Daisy. Kathryn answered. He's a nice pet. Wonderfully obedient. 
Would you like a ride? 

Yes. Thank you. came the reply. 

Kathryn got up, and picked up a huge grey lubricated vibrator. With, or 
without? She offered. 

With please. 

Kathryn got off of me, and strapped the vibrator on the saddle, the end
sticking up. The woman swung her leg over me, smoothly mounted it, letting out
a contented sigh. She slid her boots into the stirrups. Kathryn reached down, 
and turned the vibrator on. I couldn't feel it vibrate, but the woman sure
could! She let out a deep moan. Now why couldn't that cock be MINE?? I 
wanted relief so bad! 

By this time, the rings on the Gates of Hell were pressing into my
penis, stopping it from enlarging to it's full height. The rings made my
cock want to grow even more. Which made me press more, which made my cock
want to grow. A truly vicious cycle. 

A Giddyup! brought my mind back to the matter at hand. The woman having
an orgasm on my back, while I wanted to be inside of Kathryn SO bad! The woman
turned me through the kitchen, exited into the dining room with a spasm and a 
moan, started jerking as she entered the hall, rounded the corner toward the
living room. 

My cock was trying to burst through the cage from which it was held. But
the metal rings were quite secure.

Looking forward, I saw Kathryn standing my the doorway, camera in her 
hand. The woman stopped me, and Kathryn slowly focused, took proper aim, 
focused, and. 

FLASH 

The third picture needs some background. At this point, Kathryn and I 
had agreed that I should be her slave one weekend per month. The first 
weekend. I'd do whatever she said from whenever she got home on Friday until 
midnight on Sunday-Monday.

We had some standard rules. When she came home, I was to be dressed 
in only my collar bolted on, and a jock strap. My, my did she like that
jock strap. That's how I was to be dressed unless otherwise ordered.

I must always address her as Kathryn. Mistress was also acceptable.

I must of course obey her every order, quickly and to the best of my
ability.

She would refrain from anything painful, unless it was a punishment for
something real. She'd also take care of the birth control.

And the last one. The one that started the whole thing that weekend.
I couldn't come without permission. 

And there I was, first weekend in. May it was. Spread eagled to the 
bed, Kathryn astride me after an evening of wonderful fulfillment. Wonderful
fulfillment for HER that is. I only got masterfully TEASED through the hours.
She'd finally allowed me inside of her. It felt WONDERFULL pumping up and 
down inside of her. There was enough slack on the ropes for me to buck a bit, 
and bucking I was! In short order, my cock was ready to show it's appreciation
to Kathryn and give it's gift. I squeezed out Mmmmaaay I cooome Kathryyynnn? 

She stared me right in the eye and said No! You may NOT come. She 
re-doubled her efforts on pumping up and down on me. I squirmed, trying to
escape. I HAD to come! I whispered out Pllleeease! May I come? 

She again stared me in the eye, smiling with a Slave, do NOT come.
My only reply. Foooorrrgiiiivvve mmmeee, Mmmiissttrrrrrrr., and then
I tensed, my eyes blanked, and I enjoyed the beautiful feeling of orgasm. 

When the mental clouds cleared, I opened my eyes. Kathryn was smiling
down at me with a wicked gleam in her eye. You're going to PAY for that, 
SLAVE! You disobeyed a DIRECT command!. Maybe I'll wait until NEXT time to
punish you. Give you time to reflect on your mis-deeds. I wondered what she
had in mind, what was in store for me next month. 

After about a week, I totally forgot what she'd promised. I thought she
did too. Guys? Never. EVER. NEVER underestimate your wife's memory. THAT
was a mistake that I won't forget!



One month later, I was her slave once again. She told me to be naked for
her arrival. As she pulled up the driveway, I knelt in the foyer once again.
The monthly remembrance to my first dominated weekend. Kathryn opened up the
front door and smiled. She was dressed in her work clothes. White blouse,
red skirt, white stockings with a seam up the back of the legs, red pumps. 
I wondered if the stockings were her body stocking? Garters? She LOVED letting
me just WONDER. And I just LOVED doing it. 

She strode past me into the living room, sat down, and took out a paper 
bag. She bid me to enter. I got up and walked in, my head differently 
bowed as always neither Kathryn or I thought that crawling around was very 
sexy. She motioned to a chair. I sat. She got up, and knelt at my feet. 
What? Was she going to submit to ME? She pulled out a pair of new spandex 
shorts. Lifted my left leg, slid it though the leg hole. The inside of the 
shorts looked odd somehow. She lifted my right leg, slid it though it's leg 
hole, then sliding the shorts up my shins, past my knees, past my thighs. 
Looking down, I noticed two oblong holes cut in the seat of the shorts. She 
carefully slid my limp penis into a sheath, apparently made just for that 
purpose. The sheath seemed to be about as long as I would be erect. Even 
though I wasn't, I was SURE that Kathryn would get me hard as SOON as she 
wanted to. 

She pulled the shorts all the way up, the oblong holes fitting my rear
quite snugly, my cheeks outlined in spandex. Kathryn gave me a look in my
eye. A loving smile. I remember it well. She has such a lovely smile. She
still was smiling, and slid my cock ring on over the spandex. Still looking
me right in the face, she gave me such a careful, loving touch all around
the ring, making sure that all was snugly in place. Rubbing up and down the 
length of my cock. My eyes were bulging. My breathing deepened. Kathryn's
smile got wider, more loving.

Her touch got deeper, more kneading. I think her touch didn't change at
all. It was me getting hard. The feel of spandex on my skin is wonderful.
Kathryn was still smiling, looking me right in the eye as she played, teasing
my cock. My cock was now hard, pressing against the cock ring. But don't
think that that would stop her. Not my Kathryn. Me getting hard urged her
to continue all the more. I tried to press into her hand. Her other hand held
back my waist. I tried pressing all the more. Kathryn LOVES feeling me push
against my bonds, wanting her, trying to get her, yet unable to do it. She's
able to take her sweet time.

She pulled out my leash, snapping it onto my cock ring. Come along. 
She got up and walked me into the dining room. She looked back over her 
shoulder. I wondered what she had in mind, as she was still dressed in
her conservative work outfit. She asked me You know what else you need?

No Kathryn. I responded. She smiled all the more, and led me upstairs.
I made sure not to let the leash get taut. She led me into our bedroom, opening
the closet to pull out my back brace. 

I had to wear this back brace Milwalkee brace is it called? throughout 
my teen years to correct my scoliosis twisting of the spine. It was molded 
to fit, and since I haven't grown much since, it still fits all too well, as 
Kathryn is quite aware. 

First came the neck strap. This is molded plastic, and wrapped from 
under my jaw, leaving my neck open, reached almost as high as the ears, then 
buckled securely in back. Three metal bars dropped down from this. One bar 
went right down the center of my chest, the other two framed my spine, keeping 
it perfectly straight. These three bars connected to the waist strap, which 
was also molded plastic, hugging my hips. The waist strap buckled on each side.
The effect of the brace was apply light tension to my spine, pulling the ends 
to make the middle straight.

With the brace on, there were two noticeable effects to the wearer. The
first is that I was always standing rigidly straight. Anyone who's had to do 
this for more than a few minutes can tell you how much you notice having to do 
it. Kathryn loved the mental effect that it had on me, knowing that I was 
bound.

The other effect is that bending over had to be done at the waist, not the
back, and that I could not turn my head. If I wanted to look somewhere else, I
had to turn my entire body. My neck didn't turn, and neither did my back.

Kathryn gave me a tug on the cock leash. We headed down the stairs.
She led me into the living room, just smiling, proud to be leading around her
servant. She turned around. My! My! Don't you look NICE? Perhaps
I should show you off? I wondered what she had in mind, but I was smart 
enough not to ask. Curiosity is not becoming in a captive. 

She led me to the front door, and opened it. SHE was dressed like she
was at work! I was dressed only in the brace and the shorts, which 
highlighted the cock ring and the LEASH that she was holding. I knew better
than to grab the leash with my free hands. I WOULDN'T like the consequenses 
of THAT action at ALL!

Kathryn gave the leash a tug. I was pleasantly surprised to see that
it was dark out. She casually walked me down the walkway. I was nervously
looking around, hoping that none of our neighbors would see us. I was comforted
to see that the walkway was hidden by bushes and trees. Kathryn opened up
the back door to the van and waved me inside. I climbed in as quickly as I
could, hampered as I was by the brace. She pointed to a spot right behind 
the driver's seat, and I knelt there facing her. She twirled her finger around,
and I turned around to face the van wall. I could hear her pleased voice.
Such a TRAINED slave I have. I knew she was right. She'd trained me
to please her quite well. 

Kathryn opened up the driver's door, got in, and started it up. From
where I was, I was unable to see where she drove. She took a twisted path,
and I lost my sense of direction quickly. She was on some highway soon 
thereafter, and drove. My mind wandered. Where was she driving to? New York
City was about 40 minutes away. Bear Mountain with its secluded woods are less 
than that. New Jersey perhaps? Or to the home of one of the Mistresses? 
THAT could be anywhere! And I didn't know which way she was heading. Kathryn
drove on, humming some songs quietly to herself. I couldn't see if she was 
smiling or not, I couldn't turn my head due to the brace.

She got off onto some smaller highway, then onto downtown streets. I 
couldn't tell if we were downtown or in some small town. And Kathryn's constant
turning didn't help. Wherever we were going, we were getting close. Then she 
stopped, parking the van. She got up and walked over to me. I'm glad to see
that you still have your touch! I quickly understood what she meant. She
put her hand on my crotch, and I was still hard. The cock ring was seated as
firmly as ever in its roost.

She grabbed hold of my leash and led me from the van. We were in downtown
New York City. I was wearing no shoes. The only things that I was wearing were
the brace, the shorts HARDLY concealing, and a cock ring! In Downtown
Manhattan! Kathryn had to give a tug on the leash to pull me out of the van.

She led me down the street. I got some ODD looks from the passerby, 
making me QUITE aware of my predicament. And of how erect I was.

After a block and a half, Kathryn led me into Fetters, a tavern of some
sort. By the address on the door, I realized that we were in the Village.

To the left of the foyer was a staircase leading down. In front of us
was an oak door. Two signs graced the walls. One was a minimum clothing
sign. It showed male and female sihouettes. Darkened where only where pubic
hair would be, and the breasts on the female. It scared me that that kind of
a sign would have to be posted. Then I realized that I wasn't wearing much
over the posted minimum.

The other sign said MDFS, with an arrow pointing to the oak door, and
FDMS, with an arrow pointing down the stairs.

The oak door in front of us opened. Inside I saw a glimpse that got an
instant reaction from my crotch. A collared woman with long braided hair was
kneeling, facing broadside to the door. She was held in a tightly laced corset,
gartered to a pair of wonderfully black rubber stockings. The laces on the
corset were somewhat overed by her long braided hair and the chastity belt
locked about her waist. It was the look that got me the most. She looked 
onward with a lustful, wanting look. It was happy, yet longing. 

Then I got another reaction from my crotch. Kathryn's sudden tug made
me obediantly follow her down the stairs. That leash on my cock made me SO
obedient! I LOVED it!

At the bottom of the stairs was another oak door, with the sign 
Fetter's. FDMS section. in bold red and black letters. Kathryn opened the
door. 

Inside, a room of 25 tables greeted me. A whiff told me not only was
there alcohol, but also some VERY excited women therein. All of which could
command me at their whim. 

Kathryn led me in, and walked past the tables. I noticed secluded rooms 
off to the back corners of the place. Moans, screams and yells fell into a 
constant din from there. Kathryn led my up onto the low stage, that was set up
as the back of the bar, getting amused looks from the patrons.

Kathryn picked up piece of metal tubing. It looked like a square A, a box
with two parallel pipes coming out of it. She placed it over my head and 
around me, the two bars sticking backwards. Kneel. She commanded me, and I 
did so, facing the tables. The two vertical bars fit into two corresponding 
holes in the floor. My waist was bent over one of the connecting horizontal 
bars, with the other one fitting behind my knees. Kathryn wrapped my leash
around the waist bar, tying the loose end. She then reached down off of the 
stage, and picked up the leather manacles chained to the floor, snapping them on
my wrists. 

I was bent down rather low after this. My butt stuck high in the air.
Kathryn stood to the side of me and addressed the mistresses. This slave has 
DISOBEYED me by COMING without permission! I think that it is only FAIR to let 
all of you join in the punishment. I offer 5 spanks for the dollar. Proceeds 
go to getting a new paddle of course. At this a few of the women in the bar 
stood and walked toward the stage, evil looks in their eyes. Kathryn continued 
on. C'mon! Think of all the times that GUYS insulted your lifestyle! 
Disobeyed you! Wouldn't you just like to SMACK 'em one? At this, quite a 
few mistresses were up in front of me. A line formed. To my chagrin, 
Kathryn always DID have a way with words. 

>From my kneeling vantage point, I couldn't tilt my head enough to see the 
mistress' faces. I knew not how many of them there were. I saw only the 
black boots that each wore.

One mistress walked up onto the stage behind me. I couldn't see where
she was or what she was doing. I waited. Nothing happened. My mind wandered.
Did she just go out a back door or somethi- SMACK

The first smack landed on my exposed butt. I let out a surprised yelp.
SMACK On the other side. Another yelp. The other mistresses just snickered,
calling out HARDER! HARDER! The next one was. SMACK! I tried to
pull out of the way. The tug only made the pain extend to my cock as well,
as the cockring was firmly held to waist bar. SMACK! SMACK! I started
to wimper. The mistress left the stage, only to be replaced by another woman,
keen on punishing the helpless male before her. The male that was me! Now 
maybe you'll be more OBEDIENT, SLAVE! She yelled. SMACK! I started to 
thrash about. Tears were dripping from my eyes. SMACK! SMACK! 

The spankings continued. I don't know how many times I was smacked, time
seemed to blur. All that I felt was the burning fire on my ass, and the smack
of each paddle hit on my tender bottom. It all seemed like one continuous 
stream, being distributed all over my rear. The tears were coming out steady. 
I remember thrashing about helplessly. I know that I was babbling. I knew that
my words weren't coming out. And that the misdeed had been done. There was
no escape.

When it all ended, Kathryn let me sob a while, then kneeling next to my 
face, brushing away the tears, and planting a warm kiss on each cheek. I 
looked toward her. A smile came across my lips. I loved Kathryn. And she 
loved me right back.

Kathryn stood up, snapped some handcuffs on me, then stood over me, holding
my cock leash. I slowly stood up, aching from what had just been done. I was 
painfully aware of any movement of my rear. 

Kathryn led me back along the left side of the restaurant toward the door 
that we came in. All of the mistresses who had just dealt out my punishment
smiled and looked at me as we passed. Kathryn led me down toward the 
enterance. We were just going to leave after that?? But no. She led 
me to the enterance, turned around, and led me up the right side!
She was showing off her newly punished servant! In an odd way, I felt so
loved by her for it. It sounds perverted, but it felt so.RIGHT at the 
time. I was her slave, shown who had control.

She led me up to the stage, then back down the left side to the
enterance, stopped, and waited in front of the Please wait to be seated sign. 
A waitress arrived shortly. 

She was dressed in black thigh high boots, black shoulder length gloves, 
with a black leather teddy, with a black satin belt wrapped around her waist. 

Can I have a table for one and a half? It scared me that the 
mistress/waitress seemed to understand. Follow me. As the waitress turned 
around, I noticed the riding crop tucked into her belt. She led us to a table 
for two on the side of the bar. She pulled out the chair for Kathryn, who sat.
My ass hurt so much that I felt that I couldn't sit. Even though Kathryn 
allowed me enough slack on my leash, I knelt by her side. The waitress then 
took away the extra chair and the extra silverware. 

I felt so self-conscience about how red my bottom was. It was facing the 
isle, and everyone who was walking by slowed down and examined how well spanked
I was. A few mistresses even complimented Kathryn on the neatness and 
evenness of the job! 

After a few minutes, the waitress came to take our order. Kathryn ordered
Spaghetti. With some white wine then looking at me and an order of Chicken
Nuggets. When the waitress left with the order, Kathryn told me I think 
you've been very neglectful, slave. The kind women of this place have been 
nice enough to give you your punishment, and you haven't even thanked them! 

Thank you for the reminder Kathryn. May I go?

Smiling proudly, she answered Yes. You may. She tucked my cock leash
into the brace, and I stood up. I walked over to the first table.

I knelt down at the woman's feet. Thank you Mistress for the punishment
that you have dealt to me. She seemed quite amused by this. Oh? Did you
learn your lesson, SLAVE? She stressed that last word.

Yes, Mistress.

You may go. I stood up, took a step toward the next table, and 
felt a grab on my ass. I winced in pain as the hand gripped me. Although
I thought that it was the Mistress that I had just talked to, I couldn't
turn around to look, the brace held my head up and straight. Yes, THIS is
why Kathryn LOVES me wearing the brace so! I'm SO held by it!

The voice confirmed my earlier thought. Yes, we DID do a nice even
job. Oops. Looked as if we missed a streak here on the edge. Her
fingernail scratched a trail along the outside edge of my butt. The trail 
reignited the fire, leaving a sting along the side. I let out a small wimper. 
Much better. Run along slave. I went on to the next table.

I knelt at the next table, much to the amusement of the two mistresses
seated there. They dealt with me similarly as the last mistress did! 
My butt was aching and there were still almost 20 tables to go!

This treatment went on. Some of them played with my spandex-covered 
cock, rock hard, entraped in the ring and leash. Others patted my butt,
getting a wince from me each time. Yet others demanded a kiss on the hand.
I did whatever they requested. I had no choice. 

Finally, there was but one table left. There was one Mistress seated 
there. She looked GORGEOUS in a white body stocking, privates being covered
to the MINIMUM dress code with a white tube top and a white thong. Kathryn 
looked on with interest from where she was sitting, just 3 feet away. I knelt 
down, thanking the Mistress for the punishment. The mistress turned to 
Kathryn. You have quite an obedient slave. Is he housebroken? 

Kathryn calmly answered Yes. Quite docile. Let me show you.
Kathryn motioned for me to come. I came over to Kathryn and knelt at her feet.
She held out a finger to my mouth. I hungrily took in her finger, happily
licked it and sucked on it. I was happy to please Kathryn after the harsh 
tour of the other mistresses. Kathryn smiled, then calmy addressed me. 
Slave, is there any reason why we shouldn't all spank you again? 

At that, my eyes bulged out of their sockets. With Kathryn's finger in
my mouth, I knew that I wasn't allowed to answer. Kathryn smiled. She asked
again in the same voice. Without my response, Kathryn nodded to the
other mistress. I continued sucking on Kathryn's finger, not knowing what
the other woman was doing. I could imagine the hidden hand winding up for a 
HARD smack on my red butt. I was expecting that smack real soon.

It never came. The other Mistress asked Kathryn Do you mind if I 
BORROW your slave for a few minutes? I have an IDEA. Kathryn 
looked at my erect penis, encased and locked in spandex. Knowing that I was
safe from that, she agreed. The other mistress asked Do you mind if I uncuff
the slave? I've heard that metal cuffs might hurt. Kathryn handed her the 
key. The other mistress took out two clips connected by a thin cable. From my
vantage, I couldn't see where she got them from. She smiled as she clipped one 
clip onto my right nipple. YOW! I winced and let out a light wimper. 
Mistress pulled the cable behind me, then looped in around my elbows, making 
sure that they were close together. She pulled the cable back in front,
clipping it to my left nipple, getting yet another wince and wimper. A slight
tug on the cable was a YANK on my nipples!

The Mistress led me off, walking me on a serpentine trip through the bar.
She headed to one of the back rooms. By the doorway stood Kathryn. The
mistress stopped, and stood aside. Kathryn pulled out her camera. I stood
there as a helpless captive.

FLASH 

As I think of all that I've done over the past year and a half, I laugh.
And to think that my neighbors have no idea what goes on. During the week,
I'm a normal engineer, driving off to work, Kathryn's the normal file clerk,
10 to 6 job. I'm the breadwinner, she's the cook, but I do my share.
Middle America personified to the outside world. To think that we could be
one of the people you work with. Or the couple who lives down the street.
Or even the person sitting at the terminal next to you.
And you'd have no idea.
