SNORE01

An incident happened the other night, quite by accident, that awakened 
something in me I didn't know I had.  Last Thursday night a friend of mine, 
Larry, came over to talk, drink a beer, and watch TV.  He works at the same 
place I do, and since we had a three day weekend, we were in no hurry to 
end the night.  My wife, Sandy, had to work the next day, and since she was 
not a night person she went to bed about 10:30.  She is also one of the 
soundest sleepers I know of.  I have actually shaken her pretty good trying 
to wake her up before, and still she would sleep.  After Sandy went to bed, 
Larry and I sat up and watched an old porno flick of his that he had brought 
over, since  Sandy wasn't into much of that scene.  

After the first couple of cum shots, Larry exclaimed, "Man, it sure would be 
nice to have a real piece of ass!  It's been much too long since I've had any!"

I was a little surprised at his comment.  Larry was not a bad looking guy, 
being about six foot-two and weighing in at about 175lbs, I would have 
thought he would have had plenty of lady-friends.

"Don't you date anybody now, Larry?"  I asked.

"Naw, since Belinda broke it off with me two years ago, I've been pretty shy 
about asking anyone out,"  he replied.

We chatted a little more about Belinda, and how she had been running 
around on him while he was at work before finally dumping him.  A few 
beers and a few cum shots later, Larry got up to use the bathroom.  I sat 
there watching the movie for a while before realizing Larry had been gone 
for an awful long time.  I got up to go see if he was alright, and as I 
approached the bathroom door, I saw it was open.  I walked on in and saw 
Larry standing there looking through the doorway that adjoins our bedroom.  
He jumped when he saw me.

"Oh, man.  I'm sorry," he stammered. "It's just that when I came in here, the 
door was open.  When I was about to leave, I just saw her laying there like 
that!"

I stepped around Larry and looked into the bedroom.  Sandy was lying on 
her side facing away from us, with her legs kind of tucked under her 
slightly.  She had gone to bed wearing a nightgown, but it had ridden up 
over her hips, showing her smooth, bare, pantyless ass.  Her shoulders were 
turned slightly more our way allowing us to view the side of her cone 
shaped  breast and nipple through the semi-sheer nightgown.  She looked 
very sexy lying there in the reflected light from the bathroom, her lips 
slightly pouting and her long dark hair thrown across the pillow.  It was 
almost like she was posing for a centerfold.

"God, she's beautiful," Larry said breathlessly.  "I'd give anything to have a 
woman like her, Chris."

At first, I was a little pissed off at Larry.  But at the same time, the 
thought of Larry seeing my wife like that without her knowing it was turning 
me on.

"Chris, I'm sorry.  I guess I better go on home,"  Larry said, turning to go 
back out.

"No, wait a minute Larry," I heard myself thinking.  "Come on in here a 
minute.  Just walk real quietly, OK."

"Wha...., you *want* me to come in there?"

"I guess it wouldn't hurt anything for you to just look.  But we can't wake 
her up, OK?"

I couldn't believe what I was saying.  I was about to bring another man into 
my bedroom so that he could look at my almost naked wife.  I wasn't quite 
sure just what I was going to do yet, or how far I would go.  As we tiptoed 
into the bedroom, I motioned for Larry to come on over to the side of the 
bed.  He looked a little unsure of himself, his eyes darting from me to Sandy.  
But the closer he got, the longer his gaze locked on Sandy.  She was lying on 
the side of the bed closest to us, and as we approached her both of her firm 
breasts came into full view.  Her nipples could just be seen through the thin 
fabric of her gown, but her legs being bent prevented us from seeing her 
pussy.  Her gown was just about the level of her belly-button though, and 
the smooth curve of her belly could be seen until it disappeared between her 
legs.  I just stood there grinning from ear to ear, looking back and forth from 
Larry to Sandy.  He was just standing there, staring at her in utter 
amazement and disbelief.

"Oh, Chris.  She's so sexy!  I can't believe you're letting me see her like 
this!"

Carefully, I reached down and eased the strap of her gown off of her left 
shoulder, exposing more of her breast, and stopping just as the material 
reached her nipple.

"Want to see more?" I whispered.

"Y-Yeah!" he whispered back.

"Ever so slowly, I eased the strap down further, but her nipple kept the 
fabric from going any further.  Carefully, I slid my finger under the fabric, 
gently lifting it up and over her nipple.  Larry gasped quietly.  Now her left 
breast was fully exposed.  Her smooth pink nipples were standing erect from 
the stimulation of the moving fabric. I then reached over and eased the right
strap down over her shoulder, gently pulling the fabric over her right nipple 
exposing it.  I left the straps on her arms for the moment, as I didn't want 
to risk waking her up.  Larry was still standing there, gawking at Sandy's 
firm tits and ass, rubbing the bulge in his pants occasionally while trying 
not to let me see.  My own dick was about to burst the seams of my jeans too,
not only because of seeing my wife, but of what I was doing.

"Well, what'cha think?" I whispered.

"Oh, god!  I can't believe it!  She's so gorgeous, I just wish.....," he 
replied, rubbing his cock again before catching himself.

I thought for a moment, if she woke up......, but I was going to try it 
anyway.  I motioned for Larry to come closer, then pointed at her tits.

"Go ahead, touch 'em.  But be real gentle.  I don't want to take any chances." 

Larry's eyes were wide open as he eased closer, bending over slightly and 
reaching out to cup her breasts.  His hand was shaking slightly, and he had 
his other hand between his legs as if to support himself, but it was obvious 
what he was doing.  His hand kept edging closer, closer, until finally - his 
fingertips were touching the top of her left breast just below the areola.  
Carefully, his thumb rested on the underside of her breast, before sliding 
slowly up towards the nipple.  She didn't move.  Just as his thumb reached her
areola, he brought his forefinger down to close around the nipple ever so 
gently.  

I had known Sandy since before high school, and we went steady together all 
during high school before getting married, and as far as I knew, not another 
man had ever seen this much of her, much less touched her before.

Larry then started caressing her breasts, going from first one, then the 
other, very lightly.  Sandy was still quite asleep, although it seemed that 
her breathing was slightly faster.  Larry began getting bolder, using slightly
more pressure and gently squeezing each breast.  He was now not trying to hide
his own crotch rubbing, and it appeared that he was going to attempt to cum 
off in his pants.  I was having too much fun to let this end right now, 
though, so I motioned him back as I eased the straps of her gown the rest of 
the way off of her arms.  I pulled the gown down as far as it would go without
pulling it down between her and the bed, leaving her entire top exposed down 
to about the bottom of her rib cage on the left side.  Then I made my way down
to her hips.  I carefully moved the sheet away from the bottom of her ass, and
untangled it from around her feet.  This left all of her ass exposed, and part
of her pussy.  Larry couldn't see this yet from his vantage point.  I heard 
him doing something behind me, so I turned and saw him pulling his jeans down 
to just below his balls so that he could jack off.  I turned back around, and 
slowly straightened Sandy's left leg.  This exposed her upper pubic hair 
almost down to the slit of her pussy, and when Larry saw me doing this, he 
leaned over beside me to get a good look while still jacking off.  Gently, I 
pulled her left leg closer to me easing her over to fully lie on her back, 
exposing her entire pussy.  

"Ohhhh my god," Larry breathed as he began to jack himself faster.

"Don't get too far ahead of yourself, now," I cautioned him. "You want to 
touch her pussy before you cum, don't you?"

He stopped jacking off and looked at me like a child on Christmas morn.

Ohhh, yeah!  You're gonna let me....., ohhh, yeah!"

He replaced his right hand with his left on his cock, but still not jacking 
off.  Then he reached out with the same hand he had been rubbing his dick 
with, and slowly reached out to touch the top of her pubic mound.  He gently 
started rubbing his fingers through her dark brown pubic hair, not quite going
as far as her slit yet.  Sandy was still fast asleep, but her breathing became
more rapid as he stroked her.  Then he ran his first two fingers down the 
outside of her pussy lips and back up before running his middle finger down 
the outside of her slit.  As he brought his finger back up, it opened her 
pussy lips slightly, and the sweet odor of her pussy began to fill the air.

"Ohhhhhh, godddd!!!" Larry sighed while pulling his finger back up slightly 
inside her slit.

Just as he reached her clit, she jumped a little, then let out a slight, 
almost inaudible moan.  Larry quickly pulled his hand back.  I saw that she 
was still sound asleep, but I wasn't sure if this type of activity would wake 
her up or not.  He looked at me and I nodded for him to proceed.  He then took
his left hand and rubbed it up and down on his dick, getting his precum all 
over his fingers.  Then taking that same hand, started rubbing her entire 
pussy, occasionally opening her lips slightly with his middle finger.  Sandy's
hips occasionally began to move back and forth slightly, and a moan would 
quietly coo out every now and then.  Larry had begun to jack off again, and 
just then, an idea hit me.  Carefully I pulled Sandy's left leg over until it 
hung off of the bed.  Her pussy was now just inches from the edge, although 
not quite close enough for Larry to fuck her.  His dick wasn't that long, and 
anyway, I wasn't sure if fucking her would wake her up.  Besides, I wasn't 
sure I wanted her fucked yet since this was so new to me. 

"Larry, come on down here," I motioned to him.  "You can rub her pussy from 
between her legs, and jack off at the same time.  But don't fuck her, you hear?"

Larry nodded and quickly moved between her legs.  He began rubbing her pussy 
with his left hand, and jacking himself off with his right.  His dick was 
about level with her pussy, and about six inches away as he pumped his cock 
back and forth.  He was now using his thumb to rub her slit, so that he could 
get his dick even closer, until finally, his dick was less than an inch away 
from her slit.  Sandy's hips were still bucking slightly, and on one downward 
tilt, Larry's cock came in contact with her slit, running up its length.  This
set Larry off, and he began cumming all over her pussy and in her crack.  With
each spurt he grunted, and occasionally, he would "accidentally" rub his 
cockhead into the top portion of her slit.  It must have been a while since he
had cum, for his jism was all over her pussy lips, hair, and in her slit.  As 
he finished, he milked the very last drop out, letting it drop into her 
partially open cunt hole.  It seemed to disappear, as it ran down into her cunt.

Looking up at me, he whispered,"Ohhh, man!  I can't begin to tell you how much
I appreciate what you've done!"

I smiled at him, motioning him to back up now that he was through.  Now it was
my turn.  I stepped between her legs, pulling my pants down, and began 
stroking my dick.

"Larry, go over by the door for a moment.  I'm going to try and ease her down
closer to the edge of the bed so I can fuck her," I whispered hoarsely.

Larry had obeyed, and went over by the door in case she woke up.  Gently, I 
slid her down until her left ass cheek was hanging off the bed.  She never 
even woke up, but she was still breathing heavily, and her juices were now 
flowing out of her cunt and mixing with Larry's.  I motioned for Larry to come
over and hold her leg and ass cheek, so that I could have my hand free.  He 
took her leg with his left hand, and reached under her with his right to 
support her ass.  I saw him squeeze it as he held her, and I began to rub my 
dick up and down her drenched slit.  The wetness was incredible!  Her juices 
mixed with Larry's cum had made her twat sooooo slippery.  I was already about
to pop my load, so I gently eased the head of my dick down to the entrance of 
her hot hole.  Even though her cunt was so wet, her hole was still very tight 
since Larry hadn't fucked her, but my dick slid in easily.  I immediately 
began pumping, and after about the tenth stroke, Sandy started cumming in her
sleep!!!  This was all I could stand.  I began shooting off deep inside her 
pussy,  with each spurt feeling like it was coming straight from my balls.  
Sandy was letting out little moans with each breath, and I was countering them 
with grunts of my own.

Larry let out a typical "Ohhhhh, mannn!!!!", only this time he didn't whisper.
It didn't matter, for Sandy never did wake up the whole time.  As I withdrew, 
Larry eased her butt and leg back up on the bed, and then bent over and kissed
her left nipple, sucking it as he pulled away to stand up.

I was too exhausted to say much to him as I led him to the door.  He kept 
thanking me as he walked out, and I waved and shut the door.  I went back into
the bedroom and fell on the bed next to Sandy and fell asleep almost 
immediately.  

The next morning, Sandy woke me up kissing on my ear.  

"You wouldn't believe what I dreamed about last night!"  she started.  "I 
dreamed that there were these hands all over me, rubbing me.  By the way, did
we do anything last night?"

I remembered that I didn't get a chance to clean the cum off of her pussy or 
the bed before falling asleep.

"Uhhh..., yeah, sure we did.  Don't you remember?

"Well..., I don't know.  It seems almost like a dream.  I must have been half
asleep.  It sure was nice though.  Tell me, are you up to doing it again, now
that I am more awake?"

My thoughts drifted back to the night before........, "Hmmmmmm, what do you 
think?" I smiled.

TO BE CONTINUED?


