Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




by:  Big Daddy

Snow

A good start to a quick and dirty story.  Again, I'm not sure I'm going to
finish this one.  Let me know if it's worth it....

Dear Diary,
	Boy am I an idiot!  I guess I have a big confession to make, one I'm not
too particularly proud of.  You see, when I was 18 years old I fucked my
father.  I know that sounds sick but it really wasn't as bad as it sounds. 
We were on a cross country ski trip together and dad and I somehow got off
on a wrong trail and ended up getting lost.  Anyway, we tried to find our
way back without calling for help since we both thought it would be fun and
we didn't figure we had gotten far off the path.  Well, time went by too
quickly and next thing you know it was dark.  Dad and I screamed for help
but nobody came.  
Anyway, dad was smart enough to have brought a sleeping bag but I foolishly
left mine behind thinking it would make me look uncool.  Well I'm sure
you're figuring out what happened next.  Dad and I had to share a sleeping
bag for the night as it was getting very cold and dark.
"We can't sleep in our wet clothes," Dad said as he started to strip off
his clothes in front of me.
"We have to get naked?" I asked in shock.  Boy was I a fool!  I had no idea
what I had coming to me when I did.  Anyway….
Dad convinced me that we had to at least strip to our underwear so we
didn't freeze to death sleeping in wet clothes all night.
"Are your undies wet too?" he asked.
	"Yes," I admitted feebily.
	"Mine too," Dad said.  "We have to take them off too."	
	By this time I was scared shitless.  I mean the idea of getting naked in
front of my own dad and laying next to him in a sleeping bag???  How
awefull!  
	"I tell you what," Dad said.  "You turn around and I'll take mine off. 
Then I'll get in the bag and keep my back turned while you take yours off
and get in behind me."
	It was a shitty situation but the best one I could think of too given the
circumstances.
	"Ok," I agreed.
	I stood there shaking heavily in the cold as my father peeled off his
underwear and slipped into the bag.
	"Ok," he said at last. 
	I turned to make sure he was facing the other direction and quickly pulled
down my panties and unsnapped my bra.  Shaking not only from the cold but
from sheer nervousness I opened the sleeping bag and crawled in.  
	Immediately I felt the wonderful heat of my father's body against mine and
began to warm up quickly.  I hardly cared that my bare ass was touching his
or that we were both laying stark naked together in a sleeping bag.  It
just felt good to feel the warmth of his body next to mine.  I snuggled up
against him, back to back and tucked the bag around over my head.
	"This feels nice doesn't it," Dad said after a few minutes of listening to
the wind howl through the trees.
	"Very nice," I said as I no longer felt scared or nervous about being
naked with him.
	I was enjoying the sensation of our hot bodies pressed together until my
arm began to ache from laying on one side too long.
	"Uh, I have to roll over," I said.  "My arm is killing me."
	"Sure," my father said.  "Feel free."
	I'm not sure he realized how much of a problem that was going to be for
me.  You see, I have large breasts.  VERY large breasts and I knew that if
I rolled over he would feel my naked breasts against his back.  While the
thought of having my naked breasts against my father's back didn't bother
me all that much, I wondered what he would think.
	I laid there for as long as I could bare it as I thought about what he
would think but finally the pain was too much and I had to roll over.  As I
turned over in the sleeping bag my big breasts smashed up against my
father's arm and slid down between the middle of his back as I curved
myself around him like a spoon.
	For a moment I just laid there, not saying a word as I struggled to find a
place to put my arm.  I rested in on my side but it just didn't feel
comfortable enough.  My father's breathing made his back swell and press
against my warm breasts with each inhale and I wondered what he was
thinking.
	"Comfortable?" he asked me suddenly.
	"Uh, ya," I stammered.  I just can't find a good place for my arm."
	"You can put it around me," dad said.  "It's not like you haven't hugged
me before."
	"Ya I guess so," I smiled as I carefully put my arm around my father and
let my hand dangle over his chest.  Dad lifted his arm so I could slide my
arm under his and replaced it making a nice warm blanket for me.
	"That's better," Dad said as he patted my hand with his and cuddled back
against me.  Dad wiggled his powerful thighs, pushing his ass against my
crotch as he did.  I could feel the hair of my blonde pussy touching his
muscular ass and again I wondered what he was thinking.
	"Are you warm enough?" I asked, trying to not think about how good it felt
being naked with my own father like this.  I wondered what my mother would
think if she saw us now.  Would she be mad? Jealous?  Inside somewhere I
hoped she would.
	"Pretty close," Dad said.  "and you?"
	"Pretty close," I added.
	"Is there anything I can do to make you warmer?" my father said with a
sincerity in his voice that suggested he didn't mean anything sexual by it.
	"No," I said.  "How about you?"
	"You could snuggle a little closer," dad said.  "Share that body heat."
	"Sure dad," I said as I wiggled closer to him and put my arm further
around his chest.  My breasts were smashed against his bare back now fully
and my hand was resting on his muscular pecs as we laid there.  I tucked my
knees up behind his, flattening my legs against the back of his legs.
	"Is that better?" I asked.
	Already my mind was racing with all kinds of evil thoughts.  God it felt
good to be laying naked next to my father.  I wondered what it would be
like to be my mother, to be able to snuggle up to his warm strong body
every night, to rub his chest and….
	"That feels much better," my father said with a contented sound to his
voice.
	"It does feel good," I admitted as I lay there and tried to put those
thoughts out of  my head.
	"We should do this more often," dad smirked.
	"Ya, you're right," I said as my heart began to flutter at the thought of
my father flirting with me.
	"Besides getting lost and having to spend the night in the same sleeping
bag, these ski trips are really a nice way to get to know each other."
	Just then I felt like a total and complete slut.  "BESIDES GETTING LOST?"
I thought to myself.  I thought he meant we should do THIS more often.
	"OH!" I showed my foolish schoolgirl anger.  "Ya the ski trip is great."
	"What?" My father asked.  "Are you mad at me?"
	"Oh no," I scoffed. "Forget it."
	"Good," dad said, dismissing me with ease.  "Cause what I meant to say was
the best part of this ski trip is getting to share a sleeping bag with
you."
	"REALLY?" I smiled hopefully.
	"Really," dad said as he reached up and grabbed my hand.  "Do you like
being here with me?"
	"Yes," I said as he flattened my hand against his chest and began to push
my hand down to his stomach.
	I loved feeling my father's flat muscular chest as he slid my hand down
further.
	"How much?" he asked as my hand reached his upper stomach.
	"A lot," I giggle nervously.
	"This much?" he asked as he pushed my hand down to his midriff and held it
there."
	"More," I said excitedly.
	"This much?" he asked as he slid my hand down to his lower abdomon.
	"More," I urged him. "More."
	"Oh," Dad said as he pushed my hand into his thick pubic hair.  "This
much?"
	My body tingled all over as my fingers played with my father's thick pubic
hair.  I couldn't believe he was letting me touch him there.
	"MORE," I said breathlessly as I wondered what would be next.
	Taking my hand with his my father slid my fingers down till I touched the
base of his enormous cock.  Before I could even respond my father pushed my
fingers around the base of his hard cock and made me squeeze it.
	"OH MY GOD!" I exclaimed in surprise.  "It's so BIG!!"
	"Oh baby," my father said as he squeezed my hand and urged me to stroke
him.  "Play with my cock.  Please."
	"Oh yes daddy," I said as I slowly began to stroke his enormous pole up
and down.  I loved the feel of his thick hard cock in my hand and how he
jerked with cute little spasms each time my fingers rolled over it's puffy
head.
	"I want to feel you too," my father groaned as he tried to roll over on
his back.
	"Yes daddy," I panted as I accommodated him to roll over.  I never took my
hand off of his beautiful hard cock as he laid on his back and reached over
to touch my breasts.
	Feeling my father's warm hands grab my big boobs and squeeze them made me
nearly want to cum right there.  This was my own father and he was playing
with MY tits.  Squeezing and pinching my nipples till they were hard as
rocks.
	My fist worked harder and harder, pumping my father's big cock up and down
like a jackhammer.
	"Suck it!" My father groaned loudly.  "Oh please baby, suck daddy's cock."
	"OH YES DADDY!" I panted as I quickly put my head under the bag and
scooted down as far as I could.
	The thought of giving my father head was driving me wild with lust as I
guided his fat pole into my open mouth and wrapped my lips around it.
	"OH GOD!" my father groaned as he wadded up a handfull of my long blonde
hair in his fist and pushed his gigantic cock up into my mouth.
	I felt my father's thick shaft slide down my throat easily as he began to
pump his big cock in and out of my mouth with quick little stabs of his
hips.
	"Oh suck it!" he moaned.  "Suck my cock baby!"
	Nothing in the world could have prepared me for how wonderful I felt right
then.  Here I was pleasing my father like few women in the world ever had. 
I knew mom was his first serious girlfriend and he didn't date much in
school.  How many woman had been able to suck this wonderful cock? Two,
maybe three?
	"I want to eat your pussy!" My father announced suddenly as he pulled his
cock out of my eager mouth.  "Oh God I want to eat your pussy!"
	"Oh daddy," I said as I slid back up in the bag next to him.  "You don't
have too…OHHHH!!!"
	Next thing I knew my father was sucking on my nipples hard as he squeezed
my big tits and slid his hand between my legs.
	"Are you daddy's girl?" he panted as  he kissed and suckled each of my
massive lobes.
	"Yes daddy," I moaned as his hand slid past my blonde pubic hair and I
parted my legs for him.
	Suddenly I felt his fingers rubbing my embarrassingly wet pussy and
spreading my lips apart so he could work his finger inside me.
	"OOOO!!!" I moaned as his big index finger pushed inside my hot pussy and
began working around inside me.
	"Oh God I want to lick this pussy," my father groaned as he began to
wiggle down into the bag.  "Oh God I want to lick you're pussy baby."
	"Oh daddy!" I giggled as I ran my fingers through his thick hair and felt
him kissing my stomach as he fingered my pussy as deep as he could.
	Daddy was kissing my pubic hair now and driving me wild with anticipation
as he slipped his finger in and out of me as if he were fucking me.
	"Do it daddy!" I moaned.  "Taste it!"
	"Oh yes," I heard him groan as he stuggled to get his head between my
legs.  I could feel his hot breath on my pussy as he grunted and groaned
with effort to get positioned right.
	Suddenly I felt my father's hot tongue stab between the lips of my hot
pussy and flick up and down my slit slowly.
	"OHHH!" I cried out.  "OH DADDY LICK IT!!!"
	"You taste so good," he said as he  pushed his face up against my pussy
and rammed his tongue inside me.  "UMMMM!!!"
	I couldn't believe everything that was happening to me as I grabbed my
father by the hair and smashed my pussy into his face.
	"EAT IT DADDY!" I cried.  "EAT MY PUSSY!"
	My father was burrying his tongue deep inside me as he grabbed my legs and
ass to keep me from moving around too much.
	"OH GOD!" I screamed suddenly in shock.  "I'M CUMMING!!! OH DADDY!!! I'M
CUMMING!!!!"
	"ARRGHHH!" my father growled like an animal between my legs as he lashed
his tongue side to side and up and down inside me.  I could feel my thick
cum running down from inside me all over his tongue as he lapped up every
bit of it while groaning and moaning the whole time.
	"Fuck me," I purred incoherently.  "Please fuck me daddy."
	"OH GOD!" my father groaned as he shot up in the sleeping bag and started
to roll on top of me.
	"No I want to be on top daddy," I said.
	"There's not much room," my father protested.
	"That's ok," I said as I unzipped the side of the sleeping bag and pulled
it wide open, exposing us both to the freezing night air.  "We'll keep warm
I'm sure."
	The moonlight caressed both of our naked bodies as the bright starts
shined overhead as if God himself were watching us and approving of
everything.  I saw my father's massive cock jutting up from between his
legs and I could not help but get up on my hands and knees and take his
beautiful cock back in my mouth.
	"Oh God your so beautiful," my father said as he rubbed my tight naked ass
and watched me stuff his big shaft into my mouth over and over again.
	"You better not do that too much longer or I won't last very long for
you," he groaned.
	Brushing the hair out of my eyes I smiled back at him, "We have pleanty of
time before the sun comes up," I said.  "Besides, who said we have to stop
then either?"
	Then I slowly eased my father's cock back into my hot mouth and watched
his big balls contract as his cock tensed in my mouth.
	"And besides that," I said as I took my mouth off his cock once more and
licked his big soft balls.  "You got to taste my cum, now I think I should
get to taste yours."
	"Oh," my father growled.  "You want daddy to cum in your mouth???"
	"You better!" I smiled as I noticed how intently he was staring at my big
tits swinging in the moonlight.  "If you don't cum in my mouth I won't let
you fuck me."
	"Well then you better get suckin'" daddy laughed, "cause I'm going to fuck
you tonight, I promise you!"
	"OOO, PROMISE?" I said as I took his cock back in my mouth deeply.
	My father delighted me when he pulled my ass around in his face and pushed
two fingers deep inside my pussy again.
	"Get that pussy nice and wet for daddy," he moaned as he worked his
fingers in and out of me quickly.










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....