Copyright © 1997, PDBarnum,   ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.



Tags: m/f, teen

---
     This story provides a first-hand account of a teenage boy losing his
virginity in his Social Studies classroom as it happens. It all starts in
the middle of a boring lesson. The main character's eyes wander onto the
delicious sight of the girl across from him...

Enjoy!
--PDBarnum.



     She's sitting across from me now. She's wearing a short brown skirt
that's open to this whole side of the room. Her thin, endless legs attach
to her body somewhere inside there. As she crosses her legs, the skirt
betrays her modesty, and you can almost see her panty-clad ass. She's 16,
and her gymnast body is fitting, considering she is a gymnast. I've seen
her in her swimsuit in gym class. Small, green and blue plaid squares that
revealed enough of her lustful body to make me glad I was in the water.
Just thinking that the thin, smooth fabric was touching her intimately,
pressing her beautiful, small breasts into her body. I longed so much to
touch her, stroke her nubile body, make her feel good. She's turning toward
me now, and I can't help but stare into the unknown, sensual world between
her legs. God, I wish I could stop staring at her, fantasizing about having
smooth, loving sex with her, sliding in and out of her, her legs wrapped
around me, enjoying my seven inch dick pumping in and out of her. Oh god,
she's staring at me now. She looks mad. Oh god, I'm so dirty. 
     Wait, she's smiling at me, licking her lips. She's staring at my
crotch now. My cock is rock hard. She's moving, spreading her legs for me,
tilting her hips up, giving me an unobstructed view. I can see all the way
between her legs to her panty-clad crotch and pantyhose. I can almost see
her cunt lips forming the fabric. Her t-shirt is betraying her braless
chest, showing her rock-hard tit buttons. She's leaving to go to the
bathroom now, at last I can calm down. Try to get my mind back onto my
school work. But I can't help thinking what she's doing in there, urinating
through those smooth cunt lips of hers. I even think she coulc be
masturbating in there, her long fingers massaging her clit, her body
shaking with pleasure.
     She's back now, shifting again in her seat. Her legs spread wider now,
and I can see further into her heaven. Oh my god. She didn't go to the
bathroom to go, she went there to take off her panties and pantyhose. I can
see her nude, sexy slit shaded with pubic hair and it's wet. She's mouthing
words to me now: "Take me right here, right now." I'm mouthing back: "Right
here, Right NOW?" She's saying: "Yes!"
     I can't contain myself. I get up, interrupting the teacher, and walk
towards her. She's got up too, brushed everything off her desk. She's
ripping off her shirt, now her skirt. I'm doing the same, freeing my cock,
dripping with pre-cum. The teacher is watching with amazement, and the
other students are just watching. We kiss, pressing out bodies together. We
can both tell that everyone in the room wnats to see a show, so we give one
to them. I'm laying her down on the desk. She says: "Clean my cunt, it's so
dirty!" I'm moving down there and slowly licking her juices. They taste a
bit bitter, but it feels so good to finally put my lips on her cunt. I want
so bad to penetrate her. I'm looking at her body now. She's looking at
mine. I run my hands from her lips down to her small breasts, stroking the
little buttons and fondling her breasts. I'm sucking on them now, pulling
as much of her beauty into me. Now I'm kissing down her torso, licking her
belly button. Now I'm stroking her long smooth legs. Running my hand over
her delicate, moist cunt. I run my finger down her cunt lips and find her
tampon string. I slowly pull it out of her.
     Now I'm positioning myself over her, she's looking into my eyes. I
insert just a little bit and she lets out a groan. "Yes, do me god damn
it!" she says. She's grabbing my ass now. I can't believe this is all
happening. She's pulling me into her crevice. I'm sliding into her warm,
tight cunt, flying through her hymen. The fingers of her vagina are
tickling my unit, and it feels so good. I pump in and out of her, living
out my fantasy. She's groaning now, and I'm getting really excited. Her
legs are wrapped around me, and I'm slamming her into the desk with every
stroke. I'm thinking of her gymnastics performances, how she straddled the
balance beam so forcefully, how I'd always wished I could be that beam.
Seeing her pussy protrude out from the tight fabric of her uniform, her
cunt lips beckoning to me, her body excited.
     Now we're both screaming. I'm yelling: "Oh god, yes. You're so tight.
I'm inside you, I'm riding you." She's screaming "Oh god, yes YES! Fuck my
little body. You feel so right inside of me! Fuck me! FUCK ME! OH GOD Yes!
Yes! YES!" She's having multiple orgasms now, I can feel my dick head
slamming into her virgin cervix. My orgasm's coming on. I'm screaming: "Oh
god. I'm gonna cum in you, I'm gonna get you pregnant, oh yes!" I'm
screwing her so hard now, she';s still having orgasms and screaming in
pleasure.     Oh god, yes, I'm cumming in her little gymnast body, fillig
her sexy body with my sperm, Oh yes. I'm so deep in her now, and I'm just
pumping int her. I'm finished. Oh god. I'm pulling out. She's grabbed my
flaccid cock and is licking it clean. Oh god she's good.

--

Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....
