Hmmm...I know a lot of girls like to think about large cocks. I
mean, about how stiff they get, or how thick, or how long. I'm not
exactly like that. I have a friend name Ned. He is about twice as
old as I am, in his fifties, and some times when he sees me, he is
tired and run down. And when he's tired things just don't always
work like they once did. I take that as a challenge. I figure if
I can't take all my clothes off, use all my best ideas and best
assets, and end up with my pussy full of Ned and his cum, then
their something wrong with me, not Ned.

Like last week. I came home from work late one night. Ned lives in
another city and  comes here about once a month on business. I have 
him stay with me and he has a key to my place to let himself in if
I'm not here. I knew he might be here, so I checked the bedroom.
Sure enough, there he was, sound asleep. I watched for awhile and
then went to the bathroom to undress. I wondered if I should wake
him or just let him sleep. Slipping out of my clothes I stepped
into the shower to enjoy the feeling of hot water running over
my body. I knew I had to do a little cleanup shave job on my pussy
as there were a few little prickles I wanted out of the way.

One of the things you have to be careful about, when you shave down
there, is to get all the soap off. It's only your mother who washes
your mouth out when you talk dirty and when Ned licks me he often
talks VERY dirty. He will take his tongue and starting at my ass
lick up all the way to the hood and then after a stroke there, he'll
say "Would Lena's little clit like another?" Wow! Or he'll say ,
"Would Lena's pussy like me to go up the middle this time?" Or if
he's really nasty he'll say, "Hey Lena, I'll bet if I lick real
fast up here at the top, I can turn this pussy into a full fledged
cunt. Would you like a cunt instead of a pussy?"

Well as I said I don't want to be Ned's mother so I make sure I get
all the soap off. Now to do that, I have this special shower hose
that detaches and has a magical head. I mean, it will spray water
in a stream, spray or pulsating jets. Luckily the shower is big
enough to hold a stool for me to sit on. I can sit down and point
that head toward any part of my body I want. That particular night
I started with the rain spray all over my body. The shower became
warmer and warmer the longer I sprayed. Then I moved to the
pulsating notch and held it towards my ass. I propped on of my legs
against the wall so there was a direct shot. Oh God, I felt like
I was going to cum right then, it felt so good. A friend of mine
had told me about how sensitive her ass is and I made a passing
mental note to tell her about this. Some of the pulses missed
their mark and landed a bit higher. I switched to steady stream and
after a few passing shots at my opening, I headed straight for the
clit. By this time I was so hot that as soon as the water hit my
hood, I came. Thank God the water pressure didn't fall. My pussy
clinched and throbbed with pleasure.  I couldn't stop with just
one, and soon another orgasm hit with as much, if not more power,
than the first. By the time I left the shower Ned's fate had been
decided.

I slipped into the room and between the sheets. I laid my head on
his shoulder and moved my hand down to between his legs. I found
that I definitely would have a challenge. Ned had a pair loose
boxer shorts on, a minor problem for me. I began to massage balls.
I know I have to be careful but if he doesn't wake up on his own
I may have to apply a little pressure, so to speak. Luckily my head
falls into place so that, with a slight adjustment, his nipple is
very close to my lips. I began licking with the tip of my tongue. 

"Hi Lena, Glad your home."

"Hi Ned, So am I. How's our friend down here"  And with that I moved
my hand up to his cock which was soft and limp"

"Not so good Lena. It's had a long day." 

"Well, why don't you just lay back and see if Lena can bring some
new life to him. Maybe he's had enough rest for now." I believe a
promise made is a debt unpaid, so I began to work on my implied
promise. (At times like this, I make very little differentiation
between actual and implied.) 

I continued licking and sucking Ned' nipple while I massaged his
balls. I made sure to move so he could feel my own breasts and
nipples against him. Occasionally I would move my hand to his penis
and squeeze or caress with my fingers. I did this until I felt the
beginning of a response. I knew I had him. I pulled his shorts off
and turned my self around so that I could really get at him. I
could feel my pussy getting wet. My clit twitched just a little as
my tongue moved to that place between his balls and ass. I believe
if I stayed there long enough, licking and occasionally blowing,
I could make a grown man cry. But I had to move on. 

Now I think it must be the extreme statement of faith, for a man
to let a girl take one of his balls in her mouth. I love to start
blowing across the sacks and then I suck and pull with my lips on
the loose part. Finally I take the ball and suck it into my mouth.
I use my tongue to draw circles around it. Hmmm, what a feeling.
All the time I doing this, I'm moving my hand on his cock, up and
down, up and down . Squeezing on the up and relaxing on the down.

Finally I move to his cock. By this time, Ned was definitely
beginning to respond. But I still had work to do. First I brushed
my lips across the head and then move down just below the head on
the back side. I pulled and stretched his cock straight up so that
I could move my tongue up and down the shaft. At the same time I
took his hand and stuck one of his fingers in me and moved it so
that I finger fucked myself with his hand. Now I began sucking his
cock into my mouth as far as it would go. By this time what had
been soft, was hard, and what had been limp, stood straight up.

I shifted position again, this time so that my legs straddled him.
I held his cock against the opening to my pussy and then began to
lower myself down. By this time he had grown to fill me all the
way. My lips were spread wide apart and I could feel him so deep,
slight pain was felt within my pelvis. I bent over so my breast
hung down over his chest. The nipples were hard and each time I
moved bock or forward they brushed across his skin. As they did,
I could feel the sensitivity of my clit rising.

Then Ned reached up and pulled me to him. My hair fell over both
of us. He nibbled on my ear and tightened the grip of his arms
around me. "Spread your legs Lena. Now Ned's got something for
you." And with that he slammed his cock so hard in me I came with
the first stoke. My pussy spasmed and spilled juice all over his
balls. That did not stop him however. He continued to fuck even
harder. I could feel another orgasm building and buried my head
into his neck. His cock got bigger and began to swell. I knew what
was coming.

"Fuck me Ned. Fuck me harder. Cum in me. I want to feel you cum in
my cunt."

With that Ned filled me with his fluids. Semen poured forth within
me. I held on tighter than ever and ground my pussy as hard as I
could against him. After he finished, I tighten my pussy around him
so that he wouldn't fall out. Both of us were wet with sweat, and
cum and pussy juice. I was in heaven.

As I said, some girls can only talk about hard, stiff, cocks. Not me.
I love a nice juicy, soft, cock I can work up to, so to speak.

Good night. Sleep tight.
Lena.


ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
We don't give a damn if you enjoy this quality file leeched from...

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³       14400: 503.775.0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s

