part two of Sold For Sex-----the Voyage and the Auction

     Gina awoke in the dark. She was groggy, disoriented. Her
last memories were indistinct, but her tender pussy testified
that she had indeed been fucking someone. She tried to move
and discovered she couldn't. Her hands were tied above her
head somehow and her ankles were also secured. Fear washed
over her. Where was she? She realized she was naked under
some sort of coarse blanket and there was a sensation of
movement, as if the whole room were rocking. She assumed it
was the scotch she had so freely consumed making her stomach
heave. She remembered the stranger and his driver and being
taken on the trunk of the car but nothing more. She pulled
against the bonds to no avail and finally shouted out.
     "Hey, where am I? What's going on...the game's over
guys, ok? I want to go home. Hey, somebody!" No response.
Time passed, Gina didn't know how long. She heard a noise and
called out again. This time she saw a glimmer of light and a
curtain was pulled back. It was the stranger from the night
before and the light revealed that she was in some sort of
bunk, concealed by a curtain. Now he was dressed in a
turtleneck sweater, slacks and, of all things, a captain's
hat. Gina tried to be indignant despite her restraints and
demanded that he release her.
     "Look, last night was interesting and all, but I'm tired
of the game and I want to go home. Maybe we'll do it again
sometime, but just let me out of here, OK. It's not fun
anymore and I'm tired and hung over and I just want to go
home, get a bath and sleep in my own bed." The man just
laughed and, taking the blanket covering Gina, tossed it to
the floor, revealing her naked body. Seating himself on the
edge of the bunk he reached for one of her breasts and rubbed
it appreciatively. She tried to squirm away from his grasp
but her bonds were too tight to permit much movement. Her
reaction only made him grip her breast more firmly, and a bit
painfully.
     "You are home, my sweet little bitch," he finally
answered her. "At least for the time being."
     "What are you talking about?" Gina demanded, a new wave
of fear spreading through her insides as he continued to
manipulate her nipple between thumb and forefinger.
     "Your "home" as you call it is wherever I choose, since
you are now my slave to do with as I please." He switched to
her other breast. "I really do like these tits," he said
matter-of-factly, "and so will my customers. Since you need a
name of my choosing, I think I'll call you Sweet Tits'."
     Now Gina was truly scared. This man was crazy, talking
about slaves and customers and nonchalantly fondling her at
the same time. "You can't do this," she said angrily, her
voice breaking, "this is kidnapping, it isn't a game anymore.
I demand that you release me right now! I don't know what
you're in to, but I'm not in the mood!" Instead of being
taken aback, he merely laughed again.
     "Of course this isn't a game, my dear. It's business--my
business. I deal in pretty, fair skinned, female slaves and
you and the other women on my ship are merchandise. It's as
simple as that." Slowly, his words sank in. His ship,
merchandise, slaves...she had indeed been kidnapped and, my
god, yes, the motion she felt was that of a ship underway.
How would she escape? She struggled again and screamed at
him. "You can't be serious. You can't possibly get away with
this. They'll be looking for me and I left the party with
you. They'll find out who you are!"
     "Oh, but you're wrong. No one will miss you for at least
a couple of days. You've no family except a couple of distant
cousins. You often miss work because of weekend binges of
drinking, drugs, and trying to find something to fill that
hot pussy of yours. As for me, no one at that party knew me
and they'll barely remember which man you left with. When
someone does get around to asking the police, they'll
question a few people, assume you went off with a man who
ended up raping and probably murdering you, and list you as a
missing person for a while. Then they'll forget about it. New
York is a rough city. Lots of things can happen."
     With deepening horror, Gina realized that everything he
said was true and also realized that he knew a great deal
about her for a "stranger." He seemed to know what she was
thinking. "I study all my prospective merchandise," he
explained. "I want ones with few ties and a reputation for
sleeping around, and ones I believe are suited to the role of
sex slave and are trainable. Of course," he added, "sometimes
I am fortunate enough to find a fresh, young virgin who fits
my criteria, and they bring a great deal of money at
auction." Now his hand dropped to her thigh. "But you will,
too," he continued. "Those magnificent tits will attract the
bidders."
     Gina shuddered at his touch. "You can't do this and I
won't cooperate with you. I'll scream bloody murder the
moment I get off this ship. Someone's bound to hear. And even
if they don't, I won't let anyone 'own' me. I'll get away
somehow." She tried to be defiant, even though she knew there
was little chance of being rescued.
     Now his fingers toyed with the hair at her labia. "But
you will cooperate," he said sternly, "you will cooperate and
you will obey and you will learn to accept and appreciate you
role. You live for sex, Sweet Tits, for a hard cock in you
and yet you are never satisfied. You need to be subdued,
trained, and enslaved, always available to satisfy the needs
of your master." His fingers parted her pussy lips and worked
their way into her, his thumb on her clit. Beneath her anger
and fear, Gina felt the stirrings of her desire. Against her
will, she moaned softly, moving against his hand
instinctively.
     "That's right, slave, all that truly matters to you is
your cunt and soon you will admit that to me openly." Never,
Gina thought, even as she felt her juices begin to seep from
her vagina. He continued to stroke and manipulate her pussy,
finger-fucking her as her arousal increased. With the other
hand he kneaded one of her breasts. The combination was too
much to resist and she surrendered to the sensations and
concentrated on her impending orgasm, pushing her predicament
to the back of her mind, centering only on the hands which
touched her body. And then, without warning, they stopped.
"No," she cried out without thinking. "Don't stop."
     "Sorry, cunt, but you'll have to earn your reward by
showing me that you can be obedient. You can start by telling
me that you understand I am your master and that you want
only to please me in whatever way I choose." Gina was silent,
angry, and still caught at the edge of her climax.
     "Fuck you," was all she said. He shrugged and got up. He
was out of Gina's view for a moment and when he returned he
was holding a small whip with several thongs.
     "I had hoped not to punish you harshly but it seems
inevitable. But don't worry. I won't leave any marks. I don't
care for damaged merchandise." And he brought the whip down
over her breasts, making her cry out.  He didn't pause, but
instead continued whipping her chest, belly and thighs until
they burned, as Gina struggled against the ropes which held
her. He ceased and then leaned over her and, spreading her
pussy lips with one hand, inserted the whip handle into her
still wet hole. He held it there and then slowly began
fucking her with it, his other hand stroking her stiff clit.
Despite the pain of the punishment, Gina was once again hot
and aroused.
     "You see, slave, you will even welcome this whip into
your cunt, as long as it fucks you. Isn't that right?" Gina
was beside herself with the sensation of the ribbed handle
stroking in and out of her and his thumb on her engorged
clit. "Yes," she muttered.
     "Yes, what?" he prompted her. And she remembered his
insistence from the night before. "Yes, ...master." she added
reluctantly.
     He continued stroking the whip handle in and out of
Gina's slippery vagina. She felt a powerful orgasm building
within her, the tension in her belly growing with each
stroke. Her entire focus was her cunt, her need to come. And
then he stopped! Gina groaned in frustration, bucking her
hips, desperate for the release which was so near. But she
was helpless to achieve her climax alone. He stood there
watching her fruitless attempts.
     "You see how it is, slave. You need satisfaction, but
only obedience will earn what you desire. You will not be
allowed that reward until I choose." He stepped away and
returned with a small pair of smooth-edge nipple clamps and
attached them to Gina's taut nipples. She started to protest
as the clamps bit into her, but he silenced her with a raised
hand.  "Do not complain, slave, these are very benign
training devices.  If you persist in your disobedience, I
will replace them with these." He held up a pair of alligator
clips, which Gina knew would be considerably more
excruciating on her tender nipples. She remained silent.
     "Good," he continued. "Now I shall explain to you what I
expect from all of my slaves. Obviously, you are expected to
be unquestionably obedient. No matter what you are instructed
to do, you will proceed without an resistance or question. Do
you understand?" Gina nodded, but her response was inadequate
for he immediately lashed her belly with the whip. "You will
always answer 'Yes, master' or 'no, master'!"
     "Yes, master," Gina said meekly, feeling the sting of
the whip.
     "All right," he went on. "You will accept that you are
now a piece of property, a useful possession for me and for
the master to whom I sell you. We are gratified by the
ownership of women like you, women whose true need is to be
subdued and bent to our will. We enjoy amusing ourselves
sexually and at the same time, if you are obedient, allowing
you to satisfy your own needs. But, keep in mind, that your
needs are secondary. Your master's pleasure is always of
utmost importance. Is that clear?" This time, Gina
immediately answered, "Yes, master," her mind still
unbelieving.
     "And you really have no choice," he reminded her. "There
is no escape. You will be sold, and you will be owned by your
purchaser. Whether you are treated well or not depends
entirely on your behavior. And I will teach you how to
behave." He untied Gina's hands and feet. Instinctively, she
reached for her aching sex, but he slapped her hand away with
the whip. "You may never touch yourself without permission,"
he said sharply. He pulled her from the bunk and told her to
kneel, knees apart. She did, but he grasped her shoulders
and, lifting he slightly spread her knees even further with
the toe of his boot. Satisfied, he let her down.
     The position was painful, but Gina knew better than to
complain. He told her to arch her back and support herself
with her hands behind her, head tilted back, which helped
somewhat.  Her position now blatantly displayed her breasts
and mound for inspection. He observed her for a moment,
apparently pleased. "That is the position you will take when
you are commanded to 'offer yourself'" he said. And you will
remain that way until you are given other instructions.
     "Now, get on your hands and knees." Gina obeyed, glad to
abandon the previous contortion. "Put your forehead on the
deck," he ordered, "with your ass in the air." He walked
around her, pushing her knees apart further. "I like your
ass, too, Sweet Tits," he said, "and so will my clients. This
is your position when you hear the command 'down'." Without
warning, he brought the whip down on her exposed buttocks.
Gina yelped but knew better than to move.  He whipped her
several more times, on her ass and thighs, the tip
occasionally catching her tender pussy lips as Gina's tears
wet the smooth wooden deck. She heard a zipper, and a jar lid
being unscrewed.
     "Your ass appeals to me, Sweet Tits." He spread her
burning ass cheeks and she felt the tip of his penis against
the tight hole. Slowly, but without pausing, he forced his
stiff, lubricated prick into her rectum, making her gasp in
pain.  He paid little attention, letting his cock stay buried
in her for a moment. "I don't want to damage you, Sweet Tits,
so I suggest you relax while I use your ass."
     He began slowly stroking, and Gina tried to ignore the
pain of his assault.  Gradually, the pain was less severe and
she even began to be aroused by his fucking motion. She
wanted to reach for her clit, but knew it would mean being
subjected to the whip once more. She wanted him in her cunt
more than anything. But he seemed perfectly happy to empty
his semen in her ass, and he did so, eventually withdrawing
his softening cock. He went to a chair and sat down.
     "Come here," he commanded, "on your hands and knees,
cunt! Crawl to me." Gina moved toward him until she was a few
inches from his feet. "Lick my cock clean." Eager for even
this, Gina buried her face in his crotch and dutifully licked
his beautiful prick until all traces of her sodomizing were
gone. When she looked up at him, he slapped her.
     "Don't look at my face, cunt, only at this." He held his
penis in his palm. "This is where your attention should be
directed at all times. This is your only concern, the symbol
of your owner's manhood, and of his dominance over you. Your
mouth, your ass and your pussy are for this." Her eyes were
riveted on his cock. "Now open your mouth!" He leaned forward
and placed the head of his soft penis on her tongue. "I have
to relieve myself, Sweet Tits." He let go a stream of hot
urine down her throat. She choked, surprised and pulled away,
his pee splashing her face and chest. He grabbed her hair and
stuffed his cock back in her mouth and finished urinating.
Then he dropped her to the floor.
     "For that disobedience, you will be punished, cunt! He
pulled her to her feet, quickly attached wrist and ankle
cuffs, and secured the wrist cuffs to cords suspended from
the ceiling. Pulling her arms taut, he then locked her ankles
to hooks in the deck. He took the whip and began again.
     He methodically whipped her ass, the backs of her legs,
her breasts, her belly and thighs, finding her spread pussy
more than once with the painful lash. Finally, he stopped and
sat down facing Gina who sobbed uncontrollably. "Im sorry
that was necessary, but you misbehaved. I wished to use your
mouth and you failed to accept my gift in the proper manner.
I take it you will respond appropriately in the future?"
Gina, choking, barely managed a 'yes, Master.'
     "Good, then we can continue with your instruction."
     He released her from her restraints and she fell to the
floor. "You may clean up the result of your disobedience," he
said, pointing to the drops of pee on the polished wood,
"with your tongue." She crawled to the spot and dutifully
licked the surface of the deck until he was satisfied. There
was a knock at the cabin door and he told the caller to
enter. It was his driver, Ben, the man who had fucked her so
thoroughly on the trunk of the car.
     "Evening captain," he said, saluting. "The weather's
holding and we're making a good twenty knots. At this rate,
we'll be in port inside of a week." He looked at Gina, face
down on the deck. "I see you've started training this one."
     "Yes, Ben, and I'm rather enjoying it." He turned to
Gina. "Offer yourself, cunt!" And she quickly obeyed,
arranging herself in the prescribed manner, breasts thrust
upward, knees apart. Ben whistled his approval.
     "Very good, captain, she'll bring an excellent price on
the block."
     "Yes, she will. This shipment will prove very profitable
for us. How are the others?"
     "Locked up, just as you instructed. They've been fed,
kept chained, handled a little, but not used. The crew's
getting a little anxious, though. We've been underway for
three days now and they haven't been getting any pussy."
     "All right, Ben, it's time they started their training
anyway. Tell each of the men to take one and go over the
basic positions, light whipping and so forth. But I don't
want any of the merchandise damaged! And I don't want their
pussies used until they're ready to beg for it!"
     "Yes, sir!" Ben grinned. "Oh, and don't worry. The
virgin cunts are locked in the aft cabins on B deck and I've
got the key. We don't want anyone popping those very
expensive cherries, do we?"
     "No," the captain agreed. "They'll fetch three times
more than the others, even Sweet Tits here." He trailed the
tip of his whip across one of her nipples, making her shiver.
"I'd like to do one of those sweet young things myself
...nothing like being the first one in, is there Ben?"
     "No sir," he agreed. "But the buyers will go crazy when
we put them up." He leered at Gina's nude body. "Any chance
I'll get another piece of that before we dock? I get hard
just looking at those huge tits."
     "Sure, Ben, once I've finished with her. But for now I'm
going to make her wait until she'll do anything to get a cock
in her hot pussy." He touched her parted cunt lips with the
whip and she quivered. "Now I want to give her something to
think about." He told her to sit against one wall, her legs
spread in front of her.  He and Ben attached her cuffs to
hooks in the wall and a spreader bar between her legs,
keeping them wide apart.
     Then the captain pressed some buttons on his desk and a
part of the wall across from Gina slid up, revealing a
large television screen. He pressed another switch and a tape
began playing. It was a pornographic movie. A woman was doing
a strip tease for a group of men who were clad only in short
robes, pulled open to show their erect penises. She danced
provocatively as she peeled off one piece of clothing after
another. Soon all that remained was her G-string and a small
bra with the nipples cut out.  She moved among the men, who
reached out to fondle her breasts and squeeze her mound or
her buttocks. As she moved back toward the platform, she
pointed to three of the men who quickly shed their robes and,
picking her up, carried her to a large mattress. One ripped
off her bra and another her G-string while the third lay down
on the mattress, his hard penis pointing toward the ceiling.
     The woman immediately straddled him and, spreading her
pussy lips, lowered herself onto his cock and leaned forward
to allow access to her ass. The second man knelt and quickly
forced his prick into her tight ass hole, making her moan
with pleasure. Finally, a thick penis was presented to her
willing mouth and she eagerly sucked at it as all three men
fucked her enthusiastically.
     Gina's attention was riveted to the screen as the camera
zoomed in for closeups of cocks stroking in and out of the
woman's mouth, cunt and ass. Gina's own pussy was dripping,
her nipples taut within the nipple clamps. Her breath came in
gasps as she watched the woman nearing her orgasm. Every part
of Gina cried out to be that woman, to be taken like that.
The men on the screen moved faster and faster and one by one
they came, spurting semen in her and all over her. She
screamed an explosive climax as the penis in her mouth was
withdrawn and the man in her ass came. She rubbed her breasts
frantically as she rode the prick underneath her, until he,
too came and she rolled off onto her back, panting, licking
the semen from her lips, fingers delving into her wet cunt.
     Gina was desperate, shaking with arousal, but there was
nothing she could do, not even squeeze her thighs together
because of the spreader bar. Ben came and stood over her, his
pants open, his naked, rigid cock in his hand. "You'd like
this, wouldn't you, bitch?"
     "Yes, master," Gina nodded, breathless, aching for the
feel of him in her again, her eyes not straying from his
manhood.
     "Too bad, bitch, it's not quite time yet." And he stood
over her and slowly masturbated himself, just out of the
reach of her hungry mouth. "You'd like me in your hot box,
wouldn't you bitch, huh, you'd like this hard black meat in
your pink pussy, wouldn't you?"
     "Yes, master, yes!" she said again, hoping for just a
moment of release, a moment of his penis in her. But he just
continued stroking himself and taunting her until he spurted
his cum on her face and her breasts.  "That's as close as you
get, bitch," he said and closed his pants.
     The captain started another tape. "This tape runs for
three hours," he said. "I'm sure you will find it very
exciting and educational, Sweet Tits. So I will leave you
here to enjoy it. When I return, perhaps you will be ready to
pledge your complete obedience to me." He turned up the
volume and extinguished the lights in the cabin. He and Ben
were gone and Gina was left, bound and spread wide, watching
scene after scene of hot, wet, uninhibited fucking.
     Three hours later, the captain returned, finding Gina
just as he had left her, legs spread wide, her pussy juice
staining the floor beneath her. The tape was just ending with
a wild orgy of group sex and Gina was trembling with arousal
more intense than she had ever felt. He released her wrist
cuffs and her hands rushed to her pussy but he slapped them
aside. "Not without permission, slave!"
     "Please, please m-m-master, I need to come, please!,
Gina begged. He regarded her, amused by her complete
submission.
     "Are you prepared to acknowledge your subservience,
Sweet Tits?"
     "Yes, yes, master, I only want to serve you," Gina
pleaded. She knew that all she cared about was fucking, and
she wanted him desperately.
     "Then perhaps you are ready to demonstrate your
obedience, cunt." And he removed the spreader bar and
attached a wide leather collar around her neck, snapped a
leash to it and yanked her to her feet. Without a word, he
picked up his whip, pulled on the leash and led her from the
cabin and down the companionway. The entered a door and were
in a large workout room where the crew were "training" the
other slaves.
     Gina stared at the scene. Women were arranged in various
positions, bound and nipple clamped, being punished or teased
by their captors. The men all came to attention when the
captain led her into the room. Several whistled their
appreciation of Gina.
     "Men, this particular slave is ready to prove her
obedience and I thought you might enjoy helping me fuck her
brains out since that's what she wants. But first, a few
tests of her sincerity." He turned to Gina. "Offer yourself,
cunt." Gina immediately assumed the proper position, her tits
well displayed. The captain used the whip on her belly and
mound but Gina didn't flinch or protest. He stood over her
face. "Open your mouth, cunt." He released his penis and let
go a stream of hot urine into her open mouth and Gina gulped
it down. The crew applauded.
     The captain walked over to another slave, bound spread
eagled to the floor. "Crawl over here, cunt." Gina obeyed,
keeping her eyes on his crotch, rather than his face. "Eat
her pussy, it amuses me." Gina took a deep breath, hesitating
for a moment. She had never done such a thing but she had
been watching pussies being tongued for hours and it didn't
seem to matter. Only obedience mattered now. She knew what
awaited her if she balked. She crawled between the woman's
thighs and began licking the soft, wet folds of flesh,
slurping her juices. They all watched her going down on the
woman, the captain flicked at Gina's ass with the whip while
she concentrated. She felt the woman's orgasm building, her
muscles tightening, her clit becoming engorged and Gina
envied her, but was determine to bring her off.
     Suddenly, the Captain yanked her leash and pulled her
away from the women's quivering slit. The slave groaned,
pleading for Gina to finish. But she, too, was being
tormented with the need to climax, and she wasn't
sufficiently subdued yet.
     "Very good, Sweet Tits, I think we're making progress.
You are just a horny little slut, aren't you?"
     "Yes, master," Gina nodded, her eyes down. "I am."
     "And all you really want to do is fuck and suck and
come, am I right?"  She nodded again, answering, "yes,
master, that's all I really want." He laughed heartily,
joined by his crew. "Get on that table!" he ordered and Gina
crawled to what resembled a doctor's examining table in the
middle of the room and lay down on it. It was fitted with the
traditional stirrups and Gina was told to place her feet in
them, which opened her legs wide and displayed her dripping
cunt, making it totally accessible.
     One of the men strapped her ankles to the stirrups and
her wrist cuffs were secured to rings above her head. The
Captain inserted the whip in her, making her shiver with
pleasure, and then, removing it, used it on her thighs and
cuntlips. Gina bit her lip against the pain, not crying out.
     Satisfied with her performance so far, the captain
opened his pants and knelt over the face of one of the
slaves, stuffing his penis in her mouth, commanding her to
suck it. She did and he amused himself with her for several
minutes. Finally he came to stand between Gina's thighs. "I'm
ready to use your cunt." And he plunged into her instantly,
his huge cock filling her hot pussy, sending shock waves of
pleasure through her. He rammed her hard and fast, verbally
abusing her with every stroke and Gina begged for more.
"Please fuck me master, fuck me harder, please, please, fuck
my pussy, master."
     He stroked her harder and faster and shot his load of
semen into her as she convulsed with the first wave of orgasm
pleading for still more. A crewman quickly took the captain's
place and plunged his hard prick into her quivering cunt,
screwing her just as hard, mauling her breasts at the same
time. "You like this, cunt, don't you, come on bitch, tell
your masters how much you like this."
     "I like it," Gina panted, "yes, master I like it." And
then he, too, filled her with hot cum and slid out, leaving
her still short of the powerful orgasm which needed to be
released. She moaned softly, frustrated. "She needs more,
sir," the one who had just finished with her said. And one
after another, cocks were rammed into her hole, fucking her
brutally. Finally, as the captain lightly whipped her heaving
breasts, Ben, who had promised her the fucking of her life,
stretched her cunt until Gina thought she would split open,
and she CAME, screaming in pleasure at the onslaught of Ben's
massive cock in her, and his fingers buried in her ass hole.
Her body writhed with the power of her climax, her ass rising
to meet Ben's prick and she screamed again as his semen
boiled into her. She heard the captain saying, "very good,
Ben, I think the slut's finally had enough." And Gina slipped
into unconsciousness.

     The rest of the journey aboard the ship was taken up
with much of the same-Gina was constantly fucked and used and
occasionally whipped as part of her obedience training. The
captain, having amused himself sufficiently with Gina, gave
her to Ben, who kept her with him at all times, leading her
by the leash wherever he went aboard ship. He thoroughly
enjoyed humiliating her and told Gina she wasn't yet good
enough to be a slave and would have to be treated like a
bitch dog until she was. He made her sleep on the floor of
his cabin and eat and drink from bowls with her hands tied
behind her. When he awoke and called her, she crawled to his
bunk and licked his feet and then opened her mouth to receive
his morning pee.
     One day he took her to the forward cabins where the two
virgins were being kept. They were both tied on mattresses on
the floor spread eagled. Each was fitted with headphones
which Ben told her were hooked up to indoctrination tapes
which played either music or voices whispering obscene
suggestions or instructions on obedience.  "We like to keep
them aroused, bitch, but we can't fuck their cherry cunts, so
today it's your turn to lick their pussies." Gina obediently
lowered her head between the first girl's soft thighs and
tongued her virgin cunt lips, lapping at the labia and the
engorged clit while Ben knelt over the girl's face and rubbed
his big cock all over her cheeks and mouth, finally stuffing
his prick between her lips and stroking in and out of her
mouth. Then he slid out and masturbated himself and watched
Gina eat pussy until the girl shuddered and moaned softly.
Then he sprayed his cum on her budding breasts and ordered
Gina to lick them clean.
     When Gina turned her attention to the other young girl,
Ben amused himself by whipping Gina's upraised ass,
occasionally fingering her pussy to keep her hot. When the
second girl had reached her climax, Ben told Gina to lay on
top of the girl and French kiss her until he said to stop
Gina obeyed and forced her tongue into the teenager's hot
mouth, swirling it around, feeling the her own breasts mashed
against the girl's smaller ones, their cunts rubbing together
as Gina found herself trying to achieve orgasm from the
contact. But Ben realized this and yanked Gina off and,
ordering her to the "offer" position, whipped her breasts for
presuming to have an orgasm without permission. Then he said
he had an idea for the last evening's entertainment. "We dock
tomorrow, bitch, and tonight we'll have some fun."
     Later, another crewman came to Ben's cabin and led her
to the room where she had been fucked by the Captain days
before. Most of the crew were there, each with a slave
kneeling or laying at his feet. In the center of the room was
a raised platform. Tied by a leash and collar to a ring in
the platform was another slave. Video cameras were set up on
either side. Ben got up and addressed the crew, motioning for
Gina to be brought forward. "Men, this little bitch here,
Sweet Tits, had a nice time today doing the two cherries we
have on board. Why she had her tongue all the way down one
cunt's throat, trying to kiss her." The men laughed. "So I
figured she probably wanted to fuck that sweet thing.  But we
know that's against the rules, and she doesn't have the right
equipment anyway." Ben rubbed his crotch to more laughter.
So I thought we'd give her a chance to show us what a stud
she is, and mate her to this other bitch, Hot Tongue." He
picked up a strap on dildo and quickly fastened it on Gina
and told her to crawl onto the platform next to the other
slave, the fake penis dangling between her legs.  "Now you
follow MY directions bitch, and maybe I won't punish you.  I
might even let you come." He told two men to begin filming
and pulled a chair near the platform.
     "All right, Tits, now you're a horny stud dog, and Hot
Tongue here is a bitch in heat. You want her to know
you're interested, so start licking her ass and her
fuckhole." Gina approached the other slave from behind and
tentatively licked her. "No, bitch, get your nose in there,
shove her around, show her who's boss." More laughter from
the audience. Gina pushed her nose between the woman's
thighs, forcing her forward, reaching with her tongue for the
warm slit. "You, Hot Tongue, wiggle that ass for your stud.
That's right, now bark for me." The slave obeyed, trying to
bark like a dog, to roars of delight from the crew as Gina
continued to lick her pussy and asshole.  "Now roll over on
your back, so your stud knows you're begging for it, and hold
your "paws" up in the air." She did and Ben told Gina to lick
the woman's breasts and face and stick her tongue in the
woman's mouth. Then she too, was ordered to bark and to
cavort around the stage on all fours.
     "All right Hot Tongue," Ben interrupted, "it's time for
you to get your little bitch cunt fucked. Roll over and
lick Sweet Tits' ass and then turn around and show her your
dog pussy. Now, Tits, mount that bitch and bark for us while
you bang her box." Gina raised herself and positioned the
dildo somewhat awkwardly and Ben suddenly cracked her ass
with the whip and Gina lurched forward, ramming the big
phallus deep into the other slaves slippery hole. The woman
cried out but Ben told her to whimper like a dog while Gina
barked and fucked and the men applauded, shouting
encouragement to the "stud." Gina stroked in and out, feeling
the base of the dildo pressing her own clit, making her
juices flow freely. From time to time, Ben brought the whip
down on her buttocks, encouraging her to fuck the other slave
harder, until Hot Tongue screamed her climax and fell to the
floor, unable to remain on her hands and knees. The fake
penis slipped out of the slave's cunt and Ben immediately
unstrapped it and shoved it in Gina's mouth.
     "I don't think our stud here had a chance to come, men,
and it seems like the bitch on the floor should do something
about it, don't you agree?" Ben pushed the other slave
with his foot until she rolled over on her back, still
panting. He motioned Gina to come to him. "Now straddle her
face, Tits, and put your hot little cunt right on her mouth."
Gina did, lowering herself to just above the woman's lips,
trying not to smother her. "Now the reason this slave is
called Hot Tongue," he said to Gina, "is because she
s got a long, sweet, hot, friendly tongue and we've taught
her to enjoy using it." Then, turning to the woman over whose
face Gina knelt, he said, "Show us how good your tongue is,
bitch, and lick this wet cunt." She immediately obeyed and
Gina rocked back and forth with the dildo still in her mouth
while Ben told her to rub her own tits and the slave gave
Gina's aching pussy the tongue lashing of its life until Gina
came, her body spasming, her cunt grinding into the woman's
chin. She rolled off onto the floor, panting, the dildo
clamped in her teeth.
     The show was over and tomorrow they would reach port.





AT THE AUCTION

     The ship reached port at dark. Gina heard the noises on
deck as the giant hawsers were looped over massive cleats and
pulled taut, securing the ship to the stone pier. Finally the
ship was almost still, at least compared to the voyage
itself. Gina had put on the outfit her master had left for
her. She wore a leather bra with the nipples cut out, a
leather G-string, her collar and wrist and ankle cuffs. Her
collar now bore a metal dog's tag which read:
      "Name: Sweet Tits
       Owner: Captain JTW
       Number: 7847"

     Well into the night, Gina was ordered from the cabin and
led topside. The other slaves were being assembled. They were
lined up in a column and chained together by their wrists
with Gina at the head of the line. A cloak was placed over
each slave's shoulders to conceal her near nakedness. Gina's
master instructed them to follow him and to be perfectly
silent.  They filed down the gangplank and proceeded down the
pier to a ramp leading into a large cattle truck. The slaves
were loaded and the tailgate closed. They sat in silence as
the vehicle slowly rumbled away.
     The trip took some time and they were sore and stiff
when the truck finally stopped and backed up to the door of a
large building. They were led inside and were immediately
blinded by the bright lights in the tremendous warehouse.
People were everywhere, traders assembling their human
merchandise, buyers examining their wares. Most of the slaves
for sale were women, but Gina noticed a few men among them,
cock rings keeping their penises rigid for inspection. While
she waited, she watched a male slave near her being examined.
The customer wanted him for stud, to mate with his bitch
slaves, and the seller unfastened the cock ring and milked
the slave's penis until he came in a small glass container
which was given to the customer, presumably to be analyzed
for potency.
     The captain finally led them to a fenced enclosure and
they were unchained and put inside the caged area where they
were told to remain standing. The sign on the wire mesh door
read, "Reserved for the Property of Captain JTW." He told Ben
to keep an eye on things and went off. He returned shortly
with two dark Arab men, apparently father and son. They
entered the cage and looked over the captain's collection.
One by one they eliminated the slaves for various reasons.
They squeezed breasts, poked their fingers into cunts and ass
holes and asked for demonstrations of obedience from the ones
they examined. They all performed well; their training had
been extensive, but the men were not satisfied. The older one
explained that his son wanted one with very large breasts.
     The captain smiled and led them to the corner where Gina
stood behind some other slaves. He pulled her forward and
untied her halter bra, revealing her huge mounds. The men
stared and the son immediately grabbed her breasts and
squeezed them appreciatively, saying without hesitation, "I
want this one, father!"
     "Yes, yes, my son," he replied, chuckling. "This one has
the udders of a cow for breasts. But is she obedient?" The
captain ordered Gina to offer herself and she quickly did.
The younger man parted his robes and revealed his rigid
penis. Standing over her, he grasped her head and quickly
shoved his cock into her open mouth and roughly used it like
a cunt while Gina endeavored to please him with her tongue.
He came quickly and spurted his semen down her throat. She
immediately licked him clean and resumed her offering
position. The father and son were pleased and when the older
one absentmindedly rubbed his own crotch the captain
immediately ordered another slave to kneel and satisfy his
potential customer while they talked.
     They wanted to buy Gina on the spot, but the captain
said he was bound by the rules of the market to offer her on
the block. They vowed to buy her no matter what the price and
left. As the night wore on, others came to examine the
captain's collection. Gina was shown to other buyers who
marveled at her breasts and used her mouth to relieve
themselves. One said if he acquired her he would certainly
brand her tits with his own mark. Another said he was looking
for a slave to mate to his dogs, other slaves and livestockin
the interest of entertaining his friends. He liked to stage
unusual shows. Yet another was seeking new talent for his
brothel in the city.
     Finally, the auction began and Gina could hear the
auctioneer's voice; apparently English was the univeral
language in consideration of the mix of nationalities present
for the sale. There were loud cheers from time to time and
after an hour or so, the door opened again and the captain's
slaves were taken to the area behind the auction block. One
by one, they mounted the steps and stood in the center,
beneath the spotlights. The auctioneer appraised each bitch,
removing whatever covering the slave wore, lifting her tits,
spreading her legs with his knee, feeling her pussy, holding
up fingers that were usually glistening with proof of
arousal.
     Gina was kept back until only the virgins remained,
covered in long sheer robes. The auctioneer made a great fuss
over the first one and then suddenly ripped off her robe,
revealing her sweet tits and unused pussy.  The audience
loved it and bid madly for the opportunity to be the first to
enter that virgin cunt.  There was a loud voice speaking to
the auctioneer, who finally turned back to the audience.
     "A buyer has made a proposition. If bidding ceases with
his last offer, he will deflower the virgin here, for all to
see and enjoy." There was a huge cheer from the audience.
"Are there any more bids," the auctioneer asked. The crowd
was silent and he pronounced her SOLD. Her new owner mounted
the stage and motioned his new slave to her knees. He was
tall and muscular, his penis enormous as it sprang from his
pants. She opened her mouth, obviously frightened but still
obedient. He slowly slid his shaft into her mouth, stroking
in and out to the roars of approval from onlookers. A bench
was brought forward and he ordered her to kneel on it, her
ass raised. He positioned himself behind her and put the tip
of his hard cock at the opening of her wet virgin cunt. He
toyed with her clit with one hand as he began his assault on
her pussy.
     Working the bulbous head of his prick past the opening
he stroked her small tits, and then, grasping her legs,
lifted her off the bench and in one powerful surge, rammed
his cock deep into her. She screamed, but he quickly
continued his manipulation of her clit and his stroking of
her breasts. She moaned, pain and pleasure colliding. His
fucking continued and she began to respond to the pleasure.
Her training had been good. She had been conditioned to want
a penis in her cunt more than anything else and here it was.
     Now she pushed back against the cock buried in her tight
pussy. He laughed and encircling her with his arms, picked
her up completely, facing the audience with his new slave
impaled on his cock. He fucked her like that, in mid-air, to
shouts and whistles of approval, until he groaned and
trembled, beginning to shoot wave after wave of hot cum into
her. As he did, he roughly massaged her clit, making her
scream again, this time with pleasure. He pulled her off of
his cock and laid her on the bench. Straddling her face, he
ordered to clean his penis with her tongue which she did,
still gasping for breath. The audience applauded wildly as he
then picked up his property, threw her over his shoulder and
strode off the stage.
     The other virgin sold quickly in frenzied bidding. Her
owner claimed her from the stage, declining to entertain the
assemblage with another cherry popping. It was Gina's turn.


Gina is Sold.

     She was led forward and quickly stripped by the
auctioneer. The audience was obviously impressed. Bids were
being shouted out even before the bidding was opened.
"Patience, patience," the man said, hefting one of her heavy
breasts. "First look at this, the prize of the Captain's
shipment. Look at these tits." He had her turn and bend over,
thrusting fingers between her legs to invade her pussy which
was wet with anticipation, and then her ass hole. "And this
ass-a glorious place to thrust your manhood, yes?" The
bidders roared their approval. "Offer yourself, bitch," he
barked and Gina quickly assumed the correct position. More
applause. The auctioneer knew he had a good thing going and
decided to build his audience up even more.
     "Crawl for us bitch, dangle those tits." And Gina
obeyed, traversing the stage on hands and knees, her breasts
dangling like udders beneath her. "I understand she is
extraordinarly obedient," the seller continued. He turned to
Gina still crawling about the stage. "Come here, bitch. Tell
me what you're for?" He held the microphone to her lips.
     "My master's pleasure," she quickly responded.
     "And what are your cunt, ass and mouth for?" he queried.
     "My master's use," Gina answered.
     "And what are you, Sweet Tits?"
     "A bitch cunt sex slave," she recited carefully and
sincerely, "to entertain my owner anyway he wishes." The
buyers went wild and the bidding began. Gina was put at the
front of the stage and instructed to raise a tit in each hand
to afford the bidders a good view. Finally, the pace slowed
and with one last attempt, the hammer fell. Gina could not
see who had purchased her. The crowd parted, as her new owner
strode through to the stage. He was dark skinned and very
large, well over six feet tall and powerfully built. He
mounted the stage and Gina saw his face, set in hard lines.
It was the man who had said he would use her to entertain his
friends which meant she would be mated to animals! She felt
herself shaking with fear but as he snapped a leash onto her
collar and yanked her to her feet, she knew she had no
choice.
     "Come bitch," he said. He dragged her off the stage and
out a side door. She was taken by his servants and tossed
into the back of a small van. Her hands were shackled to an
overhead bar. There were other slaves in the van, three women
and two men. They were all similarly bound. One servant, a
guard Gina thought, took his place in the back of the van and
the vehicle began moving. As they drove, the guard moved from
slave to slave where they sat on the benches, feeling them
all over, kneading breasts, squeezing the men's penises. He
twisted Gina's nipples but she clamped her teeth, not crying
out. He thrust his fingers into Gina's pussy. "The big cocks,
they will fit, yes?" He laughed. "You will make a good bitch
for Al Baneen." He moved on.
     Gina watched as he unshackled another female slave, took
her place on the bench and ordered her to suck him. She knelt
obediently and he grabbed her hair and rammed himself into
her mouth, mashing her face down on his pubic hair, thrusting
hard and fast until he came. He shoved her to the floor and
refastened his pants, then secured her once more to the bar.
     He returned to the rear of the van and as he passed
Gina, he told her, "Don't worry, cunt, your turn will come
soon enough."
                   end of part two

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        