Sold for sex: a fantasy. Chapter One.

     Gina was bored with the party, bored with her friends,and 
frankly, with her life. Her job was a relative dead end and the men 
she dated were almost all classified in her own mind as losers or just 
nonentities. She had no difficulty attracting lovers; she was 
beautiful by anyone's standards. But when they left her apartment 
after a night of post-dinner sex, she was always relieved to see them 
go since their pitiful attempts to please her sexually only left her 
aching for something more.
     "So who will it be tonight," she wondered, casting about in the 
crowd for a likely bed partner. She was horny, without doubt. The 
scotch and the suggestive art on the walls of this New York loft 
apartment had made her warm, very warm. The paintings and sketches 
showed every conceivable sex act and were characterized by extreme 
male dominance over his female partner. One painting, hanging in a 
dark corner, showed a woman firmly secured to a framework while one 
man invited another to take her from behind.  Looking at it, she felt 
her pussy grow wet.
     A voice behind Gina startled her. "You like that one, don't you?" 
he said.
     "Yes," she admitted, somewhat reluctantly. "It makesyou...."
     "Horny?" he asked.
     Gina nodded, a bit embarassed that he had noticed her fascination 
with the picture.  "It's because they're taking what they want and 
she's receiving what she needs," he said in a vaguely foreign accent. 
She looked at him more closely. He was tall, muscular, with dark hair 
and eyes. Without warning, he pulled her to him and kissed her hard, 
grasping her ass and pressing her hips hard against him. She could 
feel the bulge of his cock against her stomach. She started to protest 
his failure to even ask first, but his tongue forced its way between 
her lips and she decided she didn't really care.
     "You need a master," he smiled, pulling away after the long and 
probing kiss, "someone who understands what you need." He pushed her 
gently but firmly against the wall and cupped her large breasts in his 
hands, kneading them, looking directly into her eyes as he did so. 
Gina felt almost faint with pleasure at what this stranger was doing 
so boldly. He lifted her skirt, yanked her panties down and thrust his 
fingers into her wet pussy. The thought that someone might actually 
notice what they were doing in the corner of the room made his invasion 
of her body even more arousing for Gina. She knew she wanted this man.
     "You need to be taken," he continued, stroking her wet lips with 
one hand and squeezing a breast with the other."You need to be used 
and disciplined and trained to please your master with your body. 
Don't you?" He slipped three fingers into Gina's now dripping pussy. 
She gasped with pleasure. She needed his cock in her.
     "Yes," she managed to whisper, a bit afraid of his game, but too 
aroused to extricate herself from the spell he cast. "I want you to 
fuck me now!  Please!  We'll go to my apartment."
     "I prefer my place," he said, smiling at her, "you have a great 
deal to learn, my little slave."
     Gina didn't know what he meant, but she didn't really care about 
the nuances of role playing. She just knew that this powerful, 
handsome man, who took what he wanted insteadof asking, excited her 
more than any man she'd ever met.
     She followed him to the rickety elevator in a daze. When the door 
closed, and they started the slow descent, he unceremoniously ripped 
open her blouse, popping the buttons and released the front hook 
securing her bra.  Her heavy 38D breasts fell out and she began to 
insist that they wait. But his look warned her not to interrupt. He 
unfastened her skirt, letting it fall to the floor and ripped her 
panties easily. She stood there, as the elevator creaked along, 
wearing only her stockings and garter belt. He fondled her breasts 
almost roughly.
     "I like these tits," he said. "They're like cowtits to be milked. 
Just then the door opened and, to Gina's extreme embarassment, two 
couples stood there gaping at her naked body. But her new friend just 
laughed and winked at the men,"She couldn't wait 'til we got home, 
wanted me to do her right here, the little nympho. Sorry you guys are 
taken...I could use some help with her!" The men laughed nervously, 
still leering at Gina's exposed pussy, while their dates tugged at 
their arms. Gina was blushing as he led her from the elevator and out 
to the deserted street where a limousine waited. An even taller and 
more powerful looking black man in a chauffeur's uniform held the door 
for them, openly appraising Gina's body as he did so.
     "She's a nice one, Captain, great tits." 
     Gina was more than a little offended that her date's employee 
boldly referred to her breasts in such a crude manner, but her friend 
seemed not to mind at all, reaching around her for one and weighing it 
in his palm. "You're right, Ben, they'll attract a great deal of 
interest." He pushed her toward the chauffeur, who grabbed her other 
breast and squeezed it hard. Gina tried to pull back from this 
unwelcome mauling, but her escort merely held her in place.
     "Tell him to stop this!," Gina said, indignant now and starting 
to struggle against the hands which grasped her. "Just because I wanted 
to go home with you doesn't mean I want to be handled by your driver!"
     "You'll be handled by anyone I choose," her date said matter-of-
factly, "because you're a horny slut, starved for the right kind of 
discipline." He turned her around facing him and forcing her thighs 
apart, rammed three fingers into her pussy. The chauffeur was behind 
her now and he quickly stepped behind her and grabbed a breast in each 
hand, squeezing and rubbing them roughly, an act which made Gina weak 
with pleasure, despite her anger. 


     The man spoke again, his fingers stroking in and out of her.
     "You don't care who it is who fucks your wet cunt, 
do you?" Gina didn't answer, still unsure as to whether she 
was irritated or tunred on by all this, and he repeated the question as 
Ben pinched a nipple hard to elicit a response. Gina was forced to 
admit that she didn't really care at that point.
     She was hotter than she'd ever been in her life and Ben seemed to 
know that her biggest weakness was having her breasts really handled 
and mauled, because he continued doing just that, mashing them against 
her chest and pressing the nipples with the tips of his fingers.
     "No, I guess I don't care," she murmured.
     "Don't care what?" he asked.
     "I don't care who fucks me, OK?" Gina was impatient. She was even 
willing to screw the chauffeur if they would just get on with it. 
Besides, there were still people around andshe felt embarrassed 
standing there between the two men whilethey handled her like some 
kind of toy.
     "That's precisely what I thought," he said, "but from now on you 
will address me only as 'Master' and obey me without question. Do you 
understand?"
     Gina was perfectly willing to play this little game if it got her 
closer to his bed and a hot cock in her pussy. "Whatever Master 
wants," she said teasingly, reaching for the bulge in his pants. He 
knocked her hand away. "You don't reach for a man's cock until he 
tells you to," he snapped. "But don't worry, you'll get what you need 
very soon." And he pushed her into the car, getting in beside her. Ben 
got into the driver's seat and they pulled away.
     She was ordered to kneel on the wide floorboard. "Now my little 
cunt, I'll give you a taste of what you want." He told Gina to unzip 
his pants but when she reached for the zipper he pushed her hands 
away. "Use your teeth cunt, work for it!" So Gina did, struggling with 
the zipper until it was all the way down and then pulling his 
underwear aside until his enormous prick popped out. She was awed by 
its dimensions but immediately attempted to get the huge prick into 
her mouth. She finally settle for licking the shaft hungrily but this 
was not satisfactory to her "master."
     "You had better learn to service your master's manhood properly, 
cunt," he said and grasping Gina's hair he forced his prick between 
her lips and into her mouth, almost choking her, pulling out enough to 
let her breathe. "Now, since you have failed to please me with your 
mouth, I will simply use it to relieve myself." And he began stroking 
in and out ofher mouth as if it were a vagina, banging the head of his 
massive prick into the back of her throat, fucking her face without 
pause until he spurted his hot cum down her throat and all over her 
face and breasts. He told her to lick his cock clean and then rub his 
cum into her tits. Gina did, feeling her pussy juice running down her 
thighs, so great was her arousal.
     "Now?" she said, looking up at him.     
     "Now, what?, he asked. Gina was ready to beg.
     "I need your prick in me," she said, adding the word "Master" to 
please him. "Please fuck me, Master."
     "You need any prick in you, don't you slut," he laughed, in the 
tone of one speaking to a child. But I'm not in the mood to use you." 
He touched the intercom, "Ben, stop the car somewhere quiet." The car 
soon came to a halt and the door opened.  "Ben, she needs fucking. 
Care to relieve yourself?"
     Gina was shocked. She wanted her new friend, but he didn't want 
her and now he was cavalierly offering her to his driver. She started 
to protest once more. Her new master slapped her, not hard, just a 
light stinging, but she waseven more shocked.
     "Listen, my little cunt, I will offer you to whomever I choose 
and you will spread your legs for any cock, especially right now when 
I can see your juice running down your legs. You've already admitted 
that you'll fuck anything to satisfy yourself, and even if you didn't, 
if Ben wants to use you, he is quite welcome." Gina could only stare 
at him until another slap made her realize that she was expected to 
respond. "Yes,master," she half-whimpered. Then Ben was ordering her 
out ofthe car and without any preface, he pushed her face down over 
the trunk, spread her legs with the toe of his boot. "I'm gonna enjoy 
you, bitch," he taunted.  "Tell me how much you want my big rod in 
your hot little box, bitch!"
     "I want you," she stammered, quickly adding "Master."
     "You want me to what?" he pressed her, spreading her legs even 
father apart while unzipping his pants. "Tell me what you want, slut!"
     "I want you to fuck me, master, fuck my cunt." Gina was slightly 
hysterical with the need to achieve an orgasm and with the fear of 
these strange men. "Fuck me please!" And Ben did, plunging his equally 
large and erect penis deep into her slippery hole. And he began 
stroking, ramming her like a bull mounting a cow. Her nipples were 
hard against the cold metal of the car, her breasts mashed by the 
pressure of Ben's assault on her pussy while her abused her verbally 
and madeher continue to beg for it. She didn't care. His cock filled 
her aching sex and finally she felt her own orgasm approachand she 
came screaming as his cum boiled into her.
     She felt herself being lifted and placed in the soft seat of the 
car, then a sharp prick in her arm and a hand squeezing one of her 
breasts. The words faded away, "They'll like thisone...," someone was 
saying.

      End of Chapter One
   