"SOLID GOLD"
 
 
I have a confession to make. Actually, a couple of
confessions. I have been crazy about cock since my early
twenties. I was pretty active in those days. The more I got
the more I wanted.
 
Quite early on, I developed a "taste" for big cocks/
Oversized meat.  No salami too long, no pork too thick, hard
or hairy for my liking.  As time went by< the inevitable
happened: I ran into a few whoppers that were more than dud
then stud.  So I started paying more attention to technique
instead of proportions.  more quality than quantity.  And
along with the territory of becoming a "gourmet cocksucker"
came a definite preference for uncut dick.  A strong penchant
for foreskin, the more the merrier.
 
Now I'd be a liar if I said I wasn't still titillated by
size.  Hell, a long schlong with a nice thick hood of skin is
an unbeatable and irrestible combination. But alas, now that
I've firmly established my obsession with uncut meat, its no
longer cool to be an indiscriminate dickpig.  I sure do miss
those days when sex was fun and easily available and
minimally dangerous.
 
Fortunately for me, there are plenty of safe sex practices
that are lots of fun too. Reading hot stories and talking
raunchy j/o are my favorite ways to get off. I've got friends
who will testify to the fact that I give "great phone." A
buddy of mine called the other night, and by the time I
finished with him, he said swore he could feel my hot mouth
on his stiff joint. I aim to please!
 
My buddy is in his late forties and he's got this ting about
age. He thinks he's over the hill. I keep telling him,
nothing could be further from the truth. Let me tell you what
I told him, about an encounter I had a few years back, with a
"senior citizen."
 
I was cruising the local x-rated video arcade. I was doing
more watching than anything else. There were a few pretty
boys around and they were too busy posing and hitting on one
another to pay any attention to me.  There were two or three
tubbies who were chasing and being totally ignored by the
pretty boys. And there were a couple of older fellows who
seemed to be just hanging around keeping an eye open and
waiting for something interesting to happen.
 
I noticed one guy in particular. He looked to be in his early
sixties, slim and medium height. He wore glasses and had a
full head of hair which he wore in a crewcut.  I figured he
was probably an old married guy, there to watch a couple of
flicks and check out the action. He was just an ordinary
looking guy, probably somebody's grandfather.
 
Meanwhile, another character walked in, a fortyish
businessman type wearing a suit. I figured him to be there
for a quick blowjob after work, before going home to the wife
and kids. He assessed the situation in the place. He
perfunctorily dismissed the self-interested pretty boys, and
then gave me a good looking over. He quickly made his way
into one of the empty booths. Being a seasoned veteran of the
place, I immediately noted that he had chosen one of the
booths with a glory hole, but he did not close the door
fully. I strolled nonchalantly past his booth and we made eye
contact. My glance fell to his crotch and he obliged with
giving himself a tantalizing squeeze. My heart raced; instead
of opting for the impersonal glory hole, he wanted me to join
him in his booth.
 
I ducked into the booth with my tall dark businessman and
closed the door. My partner was the silent type. He fed a
handfull of change into the machine, selected a film and
leaned back against the wall to watch it. On the screen some
mammoth-breasted slut was sitting on a big dick. My
businessman friend seemed to like what he saw. I dropped to
my knees in front of him and carefully unfastened his belt
and undid his trousers. I reached into his shorts and his
cock jumped to attention, so I hauled it out. It was fully
erect and beautifully uncut. Nearly seven inches, the cock
sported a thickskinned spout that extended a full inch from
the throbbing dickknob. I grasped the cockshaft and gently
squezzed, nibbling at the extended skin with my lips. My
friend groaned and then shuddered as his cock swelled in my
hand. Dismayed I pulled my head back in time to see a great
gob of thick white cum ooze from the spout and onto the
floor. Another shudder, another gob of cum. This had to be
the quickest non-blowjob I ever gave.
 
Just then, I noticed movement out of the corner of my eye.
There in the next booth watching through the glory hole was
the old guy with the glasses and crewcut. Moments later, my
tall dark businessman had rearranged his clothes and was out
the door. Back in the hall I noticed a few new faces had
arrived. The old gent with the crewcut was staring at me.  I
had me eye on a skinny red headed kid with a promising buldge
in his tight jeans. The old guy with the crewcut walked over
to me and spoke,"I'm pretty much straight myself. I've never
let a queer blow me before, but you seem like a nice young
man."  "How's that?" I said, incredulous. I couldn't belive
my ears. "I said I'd let you blow me." I stared at the old
man in stunned silence. The idea that I would want to suck
his cock because I was "queer" was hilarious. My immediate
urge was to tell him to get lost, but as I looked at the old
guy, I thought better of it. He wasn't so bad, why not give
him a thrill?  He must have assumed my look was lust cause he
stepped into a nearby booth. I followed him in. Once in the
booth with him, the old guy fed enough quarters into the
machine to keep the movie running 20 minutes!  The movie came
on, a cunt was being fucked by two cocks at once, the old guy
leaned against the wall his eyes glued to the screen. He
obviously wanted me to give him the same attention that he
watched me give to the businessman.  Okay, old fella, I'll
play that game. i dropped to my knees and undid his pants.
"go slow," he said, looking down at me and smiling, "I want
you to enjoy yourself."
 
I smiled back up at him. It was so cute how he was getting
off by doing me this favor. I slowly lowered his zipper. The
baggy trousers fell to the floor around his hairless legs. He
was wearing jockey shorts, so much for the old-fashioned guy.
"Go slow," he repeated. Running my fingers under the elastic
of his shorts, I slowly started to lower them, an inch at a
time. The old guy had a great mass of grey pubic hair.  "Stop
now, lick the hair," he said. Holding my hands on his hips, I
leaned forward and nuzzled my nose into his bush. It had a
nice clean man-smell, I licked and sniffed some more. I
pulled my head back and continued to lower his shorts. When
the base of his cock was exposed, I gasped and looked back up
at him. He smiled again. Suddenly I was beginning to feel
like the faggot that the old man expected of me. Emerging
from the hairy nest, the shaft of the man's cock was
remarkably thick.  So much for going slow. . .in one quick
motion, I lowered the shorts to his knees. My jaw dropped.
 
This was no run-of-the-mill senior citizen cock. As I gazed
admiringly, the thing began to swell and stand out slightly
from his body. It was much too heavy to stand out straight.
Over eight inches in length, the man's cock was eights inches
in circumference too!  It looked like an extra limb hanging
there between his legs.  And that wasn't all, the shaft did
not taper at all toward the tip. It was just as thick at the
cock-head as at the root! The plum-shaped dickknob was
actually a good half-inch wider than the shaft.The angry
purple knob with its wide piss-slit peeked out through a hole
slightly smaller than a dime in his thick foreskin. This was
without a doubt the most remarkable specimen of male organ I
had ever seen. The shin on the entire length of the thick
tube was uniformly bluish and translucent and completely
covered by a network of thick veins that extended all the way
to the end of the foreskin sheath.
 
The old guy reached down and began to slowly stroke the
enormous shaft. The foreskin was tight as a rubber on the
huge knob.  "Do you like it?" he said.  "Like it? I love it,"
I said.  "My wife thinks its ugly," he told me, "but I always
figured if I let a real homo get a look at it, he'd
appreciate it."  My heart was pounding. Opening my jaw as
much as I could I took the huge head into my mouth, relishing
the sensation of my lips against the thick meat. I pulled
back to enjoy the glistening saliva on his foreskin. "Work
your tongue under the skin and give some lubrication, It'll
peel back about half way if you work at it," he said. My
tongue slipped easily into the wide piss-slit and I tasted
pre-cum. I lapped at the head until I was finally able to
slip my tongue under the skin at the bottom of the knob. I
worked my tongue slowly, back and forth and finally around
the entire head. The pungent taste of man-meat filled my
mouth and nose. I breathed deeply, I lapped wetly at my
prise. The old guy's balls were tight and hairy, the size of
a large peach. I cupped the big hairy nuts in my hands,
stretched my jaw to the limit and lunged forward, swallowing
a good tree-quarters of the huge prick before the knob made
me choke. I pulled back to look at it again....to kneel
before it like an idol.
 
The guy reached down and grasped it again, his fingers and
thumb didn't even come close to touching. He squeezed and
drew back, and as promised, the foreskin peeled back to half
expose the saliva slick cockhead. Pre-cum oozed from the wide
gash and dripped to the floor. The guy started to slowly
stroke this bull-meat, my butthole twitched with the fantasy
of some day....!  "How do you want me to cum?" he asked. "I
want you to blow your nuts right down my throat." I said.
Pushing his hand out of the way I lunged forward, swallowing
as much of this bull-cock as I could. I squeezed the hairy
balls, I sucked deeply down the shaft, I wanted to have all
this man's cock deep within me. The foreskin now slipped
easily back and forth with every stroke of my hungry mouth.
Suddenly the guy bucked his hips forward, my head as far down
the shaft as it could go. "Take it, take it all, fuckin'
faggot," he moaned. The big dick exploded down my throat, he
came so hard it felt like he was pissing! I drank it all,
every last drop.
 
A few minutes later when I came out of the booth, breathless,
my legs wobbly, the red-head was standing groping his dick
through his jeans. I smiled and just kept walking, my oldie
but goody with the white crew-cut spoiled me for young meat
for sometime to come!
 
<c> 1990 A.A.R.P.
