                     " SOLOFLEXING IT "


    After talking to you the other night I decided that what I'd
really like to do is to play a trick on you.
     I'll invite you over to my place, but I'll give you Marc's
address.  When you knock on the door, he'll just reach out into
the hall and grab you by the collar.  Once he's got you inside,
he'll just jerk your shirt up over your head, pinning your arms
and keeping you confused.  He'll kneel down in front of you and
strip down your shorts and your underwear.  Then he'll push you
over backwards onto the couch.  
     While you're still confused he'll pull off your shoes,
socks, pants and shorts.  By then you'll probably be scared to
death and yelling your head off so he'll pull you back up off the
sofa and help you get your shirt off.  He'll silence your
shouting with a hard kiss.  Forcing his way past your lips he'll
tease your tongue with his.  He'll reach down with both hands and
cup the creamy smooth globes of your ass and pull you hard
against him.
     By now you'll have had a chance to look at Marc.  He's six
feet three and incredibly built.  He's wearing his yellow
football shorts that lace up the front and the gray mesh shirt
that clings to every line of his body.  You can feel the hardness
of his body against you and the strength in his hands as they
squeeze your cheeks.  
     You put your hands against his chest and push back to break
off the kiss, but he won't let you.  Pushing against his chest is
like pushing against steel.  A hand behind your head pulls your
lips harder against him and his probing tongue will not stop. 
     Marc picks you up and carries you across the room without
ever breaking off that hot hot kiss.  
     He carries you to a corner of the living room where he
finally lets you stand free.  You ask all the silly questions and
make all the assumptions.  But no he's not Tommie and you are in
the wrong place,  and Marc just says nothing.  You move toward
the door, but he is between you and escape.  You look around. 
There is a glass door on your right, but it leads to a small
balcony on the third floor.  It is engulfed in plants and shaded
by trees, but there is no escape there. . .  unless you want to
climb naked down a huge tree.  Behind you is a soloflex machine.
     Marc puts his hands on your shoulders and makes you sit on
the Soloflex bench.  Your face is now even with his crotch and
with a quick motion he puts his hands behind your head and pulls
your face against the laces of his shorts.  He moves his hips and
rubs his obviously hard cock against your mouth.  
     You put up your hands to undo the laces and Marc laughs at
you.  He grips both your wrists and pulling your arms up he walks
forward forcing you onto your back on the bench.  Before you can
stop him he loops two leather cuffs around your wrists and snaps
them together behind the bar of the Sloflex.  Now you're
helpless!  But you don't really mind.  Marc is an incredible hunk
and your explorations told you that his cock is big.  He is
standing over you now, his crotch above your face, and he lowers
himself to let his balls rest on your mouth.  You move your mouth
against the tight fabric of his shorts, and he is very pleased. 
He steps backward dragging his crotch down your body.  As he
steps away from you he reaches down to your now stiff cock and
squeezes it gently.
     Marc kneels in front of you and spreads your knees wide. 
Moving swiftly, before you can stop him, as if you would, he
fastens your ankles to the extreme ends of the cross bar on the
machine.  You are now his to play with as he wishes.  He stands
and looks you over, running his eyes up the inside of your
thighs, measuring your cock in his mind, and savoring the smooth
skin of your chest.   He reaches between your legs and hefts your
balls in his hand.  With the other hand he brushes back his
shoulder length hair, and uses that beautiful bow-shaped mouth to
grin his dopey grin.  "I'll have fun with these," are the first
words he speaks to you.  He leans forward, savoring the
smoothness of your skin with his eyes and reaches up to gently
pinch your nipples, "and these too."
     He leaves the room for a moment and you have time to
reflect.  Helpless in a stranger's apartment you are tied to a
heavy machine and he is obviously going to fuck the shit out of
you.   Without that bronzed and beautiful body in front of you
it's hard to stay horny and your erection subsides.  You think to
yourself, at least he's good looking, but you are still worried. 
What will you do?  What CAN you do?  Nothing.  
     Marc returns.  He is carrying a pair of large squeeze
bottles.  He puts them down beside you and tells you, "One for
you and one for me.  We'll share"
     You can't see what's in the bottles, but it doesn't look
promising.
     Marc stands in front of the glass door, and pulls off his
shirt.  The shirt was mesh and concealed nothing, but your eyes
hungrily devour his body anyway.  Long blond hair frames a
handsome face.  Marc smiles his dopey smile and tosses his hair
to one side.  His shoulders are broad and his waist is narrow. 
As he slowly unlaces the front of his football shorts your eyes
take in the flex and play of muscles in his forearms, his belly
and his chest.  His chest is a sculptor's find, perfectly smooth,
symmetrical and powerfully molded.  Heavy pecs support small dark
nipples that are erect and downward pointing because of the mass
of muscle they rest upon.  The smooth curves of his pecs meet in
the center of his chest at a line that defines the powerful
washboard of his abdominals.  Your eyes ripple down that
washboard, and linger hungrily on the bulge still covered by the
laces.  
     As he opens the last lace, he spreads his fly wide and turns
around, hiding his cock from you.  You quietly sigh, then inhale
sharply when he pulls his shorts down over his perfect ass.
Marc's checks are squarish and powerful, huge masses of muscle
and perfectly smooth.  His tan ends low on his waist and you can
see a pale "v" where his suit fits him at the beach.  
     He turns toward you, at last, and you see the cock that you
know is waiting for you.  Standing up straight against his abs,
his long thick cock is already twitching.  It is smooth and
perfect with a dark round head that just begs to be sucked.  
     Marc bends forward, bringing his face close to your crotch
and his hot breath touches the head of your cock.  He stands
again, having retrieved one of the bottles.  He points it at
himself, upends it, and sends a golden stream of scented oil
against his chest.  He catches it with his other hand and smooths
it across his chest.  Squirting another thick flow of oil he
catches that and begins spreading it further.  Oil is glistening
on his smooth, tanned skin as he massages it into his muscles. 
As he spreads his fingers across the washboard muscle at his
center, it is as though he is painting himself with light. 
Highlights follow his palms across the thick pad of his chest,
leaving a crescent of white that points at his nipple.  As a
powerful hand envelopes his brawny arms, his massive biceps gleam
as though with sweat.  He bends his right arm, and makes a fist
as his left hand coats his forearm and comes up sharply to
encircle his own wrist.  He looks at his oil-drenched fist and he
looks at you and he grins that dopey grin.  Realizing the
implication, you panic, thinking to yourself "It's impossible...
He couldn't!  He wouldn't!"  You struggle sincerely for the first
tie, yanking against your bonds, but you are helpless.
     He looks at you and goes for another handful of oil. 
Leaning close as he fills his palms you smell a gentle but heavy
scent from the oil, like musk but somehow sweeter.  He grins his
grin, and just shakes his head at you.  "I'd never do THAT" he
seems to be saying.  
     He steps back and places his foot on your stomach.  He oils
his foot, his calf, his thigh, then repeats the process with
another handful of oil for the other leg.  
     Finished now, except for one spot, Marc stands back and lets
the sun shine in unobstructed.  As he takes a last handful of oil
and begins to work it into his groin, the sun warms your skin. 
Marc is gently encircling his cock with two fingers and coating
it with oil from root to tip.  In the other hand he has cupped
his balls and is massaging them gently.      
     Now he reaches for the other bottle of oil.  He stands over
you, his legs spread wide.  His glistening cock points straight
up at his chin and the sun highlights every ripple of his muscle
and every movement of his flesh.  He is a powerful giant of
polished bronze with sparkling golden highlights.  He holds the
bottle of oil in front of his groin and points it at your face. 
You turn aside, but when he squeezes, the jet is not too powerful
and it merely shoots a stream of oil to the center of your chest. 
The oil is hot!  Warm against your skin, it makes you think of a
stream of hot cum.  Marc reaches down and with his powerful hands
he smooths the oil across your body.  He coats your collar-bones
and smooths glistening, hot liquid over your shoulders and up the
inside of your arms.  He steps forward to smooth the oil over
your forearms and it brings his crotch close to your face.  You
raise your head, trying to reach him, but he backs away, trailing
his fingers gently down your arms.  
     Another jet of oil and Marc begins to massage your chest. 
He uses his palms to smooth warmth over your ribs and up the
sides of your body to your pecs.  With his fingertips he gently
coats your nipples, teasing them to hardness and then cupping his
palms against them as if to press in the heat of the oil.  Marc
pours a thin stream of oil between your pecs and down to your
navel.  This he massages into the smooth curves of your belly
with his palms, stopping to tickle your navel with his fingers.  
     Now Marc takes a big handful of oil.  He steps back, and
stands between your legs.  He looks at your erection, then looks
up at you and grins.  He reaches downward, but doesn't grab your
cock at all.  Instead he goes to his knees and begins to coat
your thighs.  Massing your legs powerfully, he coats the top of
your thighs, moves down to your knees, tickling the back of your
knees as he warms them with his hands and the oil.  Your calves,
he massages, pressing his powerful fingers deep into the muscle. 
     Now he takes more oil and, palms upward, begins to coat the
backs and insides of your thighs.  He massages the powerful
muscles with all his might, and lifts you gently into the air. 
His palms supporting you, he slides up the back of your thighs
until his hands can grip your ass.  He moves his palms in gentle
circles, then begins to squeeze your cheeks.  You lift your ass
in the air, and your cock slaps against your belly with a sharp
sound.  He hears the slap of flesh on flesh and echoes it by
slapping your ass.  
     He lowers you gently to the bench, and leans forward.  He
hasn't oiled your cock or your balls, but you won't need it,
because he plans to supply the necessary lubrication himself. . .
with his tongue. 
     Burying his mouth against your balls, he grabs your cock and
rubs it back and forth over his face.  You feel his tongue,
flickering here and there, massaging your balls, teasing the base
of your cock, gently touching at the head.  He takes one ball in
his mouth, and while he licks, you feel him sucking powerfully. 
You cannot keep still, your ass is lifting into the air, and your
are trying to slide down on the bench to press your groin against
him, but you can't move.  You can only wait and see what he will
do.  
     A moment later he has crammed your other ball into his
mouth, and he is licking and sucking and bobbing up and down as
though he was working your cock.  You close your eyes and try to
push your crotch toward him as he pulls back gently and sucks
powerfully.  
     He stops, letting your testicles go, you feel a coldness
after the hotness of his mouth.  Before the sensation is clear,
he cups your balls in his hand and gently squeezes.  At the same
time his lips encircle the head of your cock and his long blond
hair brushes against your belly.  As he works your cock into his
mouth, licking gently at the slit, encircling the head with his
lips, massaging the dark head with his tongue, his hair tickles
you and you raise your head to look at him.  He is looking back
at you, and as he moves his lips down the shaft of your cock, you
see a shining light in his eyes.  
     Marc coats your shaft, pulling a gentle thrust out of you
each time he moves his lips up the length of your cock.  He sucks
powerfully, and teases the head of your cock with his tongue
while he strokes the shaft with his hand.  He begins to stroke
you more and more swiftly, sucking more powerfully, and you begin
to lift your ass again and again, matching his strokes with
powerful thrusts on your part.  
     And then he stops.  He just stops.      
     Marc stands and steps across your body.  As he slowly steps
forward, his cock sways in front of him.  He stands above your
face and you open your mouth.  He looks down at you and you
exchange a glance that says "I want it!"
     He lowers his cock to your lips, and you open your mouth,
ready to take him in.  He's not there!  Marc slides gently
backward, stroking our chest with his cock and balls as he inches
backward down your body.  He comes to rest with your cock trapped
beneath his ass.  
     He stands and reaches behind himself.  He pulls your cock
upright, and gently positions himself above it.  Slowly, slowly,
he lowers himself until the purple head of your cock is enveloped
by the powerful muscles of his cheeks.  He presses downward and
slowly takes you into himself.  He shudders as your head passes
into him, and throws back his head, shaking his hair and smiling
when your shaft is fully into him.  
     He is positioned above you, your cock deep inside the hot
tight tunnel of his ass. As he slowly begins to move on you, he
leans forward and braces himself, palms down, against your chest. 
The tight ring of his ass constricts around the head of your
cock, then releases slightly.  He moves up and down the shaft,
closing his eyes with the pleasure.  As he begins to get the
rhythm of it, so do you and each time he pulls away, you thrust
upwards trying to keep your cock inside of him.  As he begins to
move against you, taking long, slow strokes from your cock, his
hands tickle your chest and his fingertips tease your nipples.  
Slowly his speed increases, driving him up and down on your cock
faster and faster.  You thrust more powerfully, trying to fuck
him HARD.  He pinches at your nipples, and your retaliate by
JAMMING your cock into him on the down-stroke.  He pinches
harder, moves faster, squeezes with his ass each time you are
fully inside him, and suddenly it is over.  A hot-white drop of
cum lands on your cheek.  Another hot stream lands in the center
of your chest, followed by another and another.  The last of
Marc's cum coats your belly, and he slumps forward, resting
against you.  You are still thrusting against his ass, but he is
not moving.  Wearily, the highlights on his body now from sweat
than from oil, he stands.  
     You start to speak, to complain.  It isn't fair!  You were
getting close, and he just quits?  Marc reaches down and places
his hand over your mouth.   
     Moving forward, he grips the chin-up bar on the Soloflex and
positions himself above you.  He lowers himself slowly until his
cock touches your lips.  He swings his hips back and forth and
his cock brushes your face.  You follow it with your open mouth
until you capture it between your lips.  Your reward is a salty
drop of cum when you first begin to suck.
     As you pass your tongue  over the head of his cock you tease
out a few more drops of cum.  Each time you suck, you get a
reward.  
     And now you get another reward.  His cock is getting hard in 
your mouth.  You can feel the head swelling and you tease it with
your tongue to make it bigger.  You suck a bit more of it into
your mouth and your mouth begins to get full as his cock
stiffens.  
     As the round bulb of his cockhead swells, you flick your
tongue back and forth across the slit. Soon the thickening shaft
intrudes and forces itself deeper into your mouth.  As you begin
to lick up and down the shaft of his cock, Marc begins to raise
and lower himself, as though chinning.  Each time he lowers
himself you get a bigger mouthful of cock.  You try turning your
head or pulling back, but you are pinned and all you can do is
lie there and take each extra inch of his shaft as he feeds it to
you.  
     Soon Marc in feeding you the full length of his fully erect
cock.  You are deep-throating him whether you like it or not.  On
the down-stroke his thick shaft fills your mouth and the head of
his cock brushes the back of your throat.  On the upstroke you
suck hard, very hard, as though your sucking will pull the cock
back into your mouth...which, of course, it does.
     Marc grins down at you and stops his "chinning."  With just
the head of his cock inside your hot mouth he waits.  You raise
your head, trying for more of his cock, but you can't really move
much.  Marc grins again and changes his position slightly.  He is
leaning forward now, and you can see what he is going to do.  
     With that dopey grin smeared all across his face, he lowers
himself until every inch of his cock is inside your mouth. 
Jamming himself into you he presses your head back against the
hard wood of the bench and says "Make me cum!"
     With his cock filling every bit of your mouth, you can only
suck.  There's not much room for tongue action, but you drive
your tongue hard against the underside of his enormous shaft and
suck as hard as you can.  
     Marc never moves, save to pin you more firmly against the
Soloflex, but you can see you're getting to him when he closes
his eyes and leans still farther forward.  
     Straining, you get your tongue around his shaft and can lick
up and down the sides now, too.  Sucking harder and harder, you
watch the smile on his face get wider and wider. You know you are
making progress when he begins to squint his eyes and HE begins
to pump his cock into you.  
     After only moments you know you have Marc close.  He pulls
back, leaving only his big cockhead between your lips and
squeezing the base of his cock with his left hand, lands a huge
load of semen on your waiting tongue.  You suck it down and run
your tongue across the slit just as he shoots another long stream
of hot cum.   The salty taste hits the back of your throat and
you gulp it down while teasing the head of his cock with your
tongue.  You suck HARD and are rewarded with another stream of
white, hot cum.
     Marc stands up.  His cock pops up out of your mouth and he
grips it with his hand.  Stroking the shaft he squeezes a big
drop of cum onto your lips.  Your tongue darts out to lap it up. 
Marc steps backward and squeezing his now shrinking cock again he
manages to press out another big drop of cum which he deposits on
your nipple.  He squeezes again and, rubbing the head of his cock
against your other erect nipple coats it too.  
     Marc steps away and looks you over.  You are lying there,
head back, panting slightly.  The hard muscles of your abdomen
moving as you breath deeply.  Your arms, stretched tight above
your head, flex as you try to relax them.  There is a smear of
moisture around your mouth and twin smears of white cum on your
nipples.  Your stiff cock is bouncing hard against your belly
with every deep breath and your big balls are drawn up tight at
the base of your cock.  
     Marc kneels beside you and, taking your cock in his left
hand, begins to tease your nipple with his tongue.  Sucking up
his own cum, he nips gently at your tit.  He tongues it swiftly,
teasing you while he squeezes the head of your cock between thumb
and forefinger.  
     Marc opens his mouth wide and sucks your nipple.  While he
sucks, licking, flicking his tongue back and forth.  You wriggle
your ass, pushing your cock into his hand, and roll your
shoulders, to get away from the teasing tongue.  
     Marc leans farther forward to suck your other nipple, and
his warm flesh rests against yours.  Licking up another taste of
his own cum, Marc nips gently with his teeth, playing with your
erect nipple.  
     You moan softly, and gasp when he squeezes your cock in
response.  As he grips your nipple with his teeth and stretches
it gently, again and again, before letting it slip away, you moan
softly and try to thrust your chest upward to his mouth.  You are
bound to tightly, though and he teases you with your inability to 
reach his mouth.  
     "You really like this don't you?" he asks, and you nod, sort
of weakly, and close your eyes. 
     Marc stands.  Suddenly he is gone.  
     You open your eyes in a flash.  Trying to peer over your
shoulder, you twist yourself on the Soloflex bench and look for
him, but you cannot see behind you. All you can do is wait.
     You don't wait long.  Marc is back.  
     In his hand is a piece of red leather that looks a lot like
a tongue.  It is like the end of a belt, but seems to be made of
thinner leather.  
     Grinning like you can't believe, he begins to slap his palm
with the strap.  He just looks at you, and grins.  Standing
beside you, he begins to drag the strap back and forth across
your body.  He touches your face, gently slapping your cheek.  He
lets it drift down the center of your chest like a licking
tongue.  He takes it in both hands and, slipping it under your
cock, he uses the slightly rough underside like a shoe-shine
cloth to rub swiftly back and forth up and down the length of
your shaft.  
     As it begins to sting, you lift your hips and try to get
away from it.  He looks at the muscles tightening in your thighs
and the way your abs tighten and pours it on.
     He moves to where he can stand between your wide-spread
thighs and begins to slap your cock with the strap instead. 
Gentle slaps at first, just enough to be felt.  Sometimes he does
no more than drag the tip of that red leather tongue down the
length of your body, other times he usess it like a lash.  Gently
at first, then harder, then faster, he begins to flick the strap
against first one of your nippples then the other.  The first
strokes land flat, and sting gently, turning you on more and
more.  As he progresses, though, he uses the tip of the strap to
flick at your erect nipples like a whip.  Each new flick is
painful pleasure until it becomes a pleasureful pain.  You begin
to groan softly and he sees the change in you.  You have been
passive until now, letting him use you, letting him serve you,
though you were his prisoner.  Now you are demanding.  Your body
writhes with every stroke of the strap, trying to draw more from
every tingle.  Even when he does nothing you remain in motion,
writhing gently, looking at him, pleading for more, demanding
satisfaction.  
     Marc steps back and begins to beat your cock with the strap. 
With every stroke of the strap, you raise your crotch to meet the
leather.  He slaps gently back and forth across the shaft of your
cock.  He lands a flat blow against your balls that makes you
shudder.  Using the strap like a whip he begins to lash at the
head of your cock, the tip flicking your tip hard, harder,
harder.
     Marc begins to lose it.  You are flexing, lifting your
crotch, writhing your cock in the air toward him.  He swings
harder and harder, landing flat blows against the hard muscle of
your belly, leaving dull red stripes.  He hits your cock, hard,
again and again.  He whips the strap at the head of your cock as
you thrust to meet the blow.  
     With your cock impaling the air, your body heaving in the
middle of a convulsive thrust, you shoot a long hot string of
thick white cum that streams across your chest from your chin to
the middle of your belly.  Marc puts a hand under your ass and
lifts you, stretching you taught into the air.  With his other
hand he grabs the shaft of your cock and bending swiftly brings
his mouth to your groin.  He is in time to catch your second
load, and feels you spray salty-sweet cum against the roof of his
mouth.  Sucking the full length of your shaft into his mouth as 
swiftly as he can he sucks hard and is rewarded with another shot
of hot cum.  
     Your breath shudders out of you and Marc slowly lowers your
relaxing body to the bench.  
     He looks down at you, gently squeezes your cock and milks
out another drop of cum which makes a brilliant white spot
against the smooth tan of your skin.  
     You are master and slave, each of you, one to the other.  

     And it's still Saturday afternoon.

