                         Son - Shine
                              

      His bluish-green eyes sparkled above his boyish grin.  His thick
black  hair was curled almost into ringlets atop a super-smooth,  pre-
adolescent   build.   Although  his innocent  friendly  manner  wasn't
seductive, it did nothing to stop my pecker from rising.  All  in  all
though,  it was his beautiful bluish-green eyes that worked their  way
into  my  heart.   This strikingly cute,  twelve year-old had appeared
at  my  home the month before, with the news that he was to be my  new
foster  child.  I knew I was in trouble even though I had always  kept
my secret safe, hidden from everyone to protect my future as a parent.
An  occasional cruise through the park or baths had kept me sane while
I put off love in preference for a "normal lifestyle."

     Jeremi's assignment to my home had changed my life for the worse.
The  quick gropes on the bushes were no longer enough; jerking off had
become  my  major activity.  The rooms in my home were the small,  but
comfortable.  I guess it was built that way to save space.   The  boys
rooms  had  a bunk bed, a two sided desk, two bureaus, and  a  closet.
The  beds were situated across the small room from the doorway so that
I  had  a full view of the bed as I walked by the room. Since all  the
other  rooms were occupied I gave Jeremi his own room and  he  grabbed
the  lower  bunk  for  his own. Frequently he  would  come  back  from
baseball  practice, strip off his sweaty clothes, and  flop  onto  his
bed.   His body would always draw me as if I were in a trance.  Hoping
he  would be a disappointment and cure my trance-like affliction,  and
since  he seemed to be asleep I entered his room and let my eyes drift
over and look at him as he lay naked in bed--once.

       His  black  body  hair  was  wisp-like  and  formed  an  almost
imperceptible light covering over his legs.  On his chest the moisture
from  his activity had formed little droplets of sweat on his  velvety
smooth  boyish  chest. Two sturdy little nipples topped  these  plains
like pinkish peaks.  My gaze traveled from his navel to the dusting of
black  hair   in his crotch which made my tongue twitch.   His  small,
perfectly formed cock lay draped over his leg.  Unlike some cut cocks,
his  was uniform in its light color from the base to the crown.   And,
what  a  crown  it was with a perfect pageboy shape and just  a  shade
darker  than the pretty pink of his nipples.  His ball-bag was tightly
packed  with  two cream-filled nuts, just waiting to  erupt.   I  only
could  imagine that the beautiful smoothness of the front side of  his
body  extended to his backside and his bottom, but I couldn't see that
without  inducing him to turn over.  From that moment  on,  waking  or
sleeping, I saw nothing but him.

      After a tortuous month of lustful visions of him but not getting
any  closer to him, I saw that only one course made any sense at  all:
I  had  to  have him.  If he wasn't into it, he would shout my  secret
from the rooftops, and I would be in a bunch of trouble.  I would deny
the  whole story.  Most people  would believe me (I hoped) since I had
kept  my cock down and I had not attempted to have sex with the  other
kids  and  he was the new kid.  Some people would probably  think  the
worst, but at this point in my life, I would have spread my cheeks for
the US. Congress on national television for the chance to have Jeremi.
On  one fateful day, as he slid his towel around his tight ass to head
for the shower, I made my plans.

     That night as he was going to bed I went to the showers.  Besides
wanting  to  be fresh when I made my move, I wanted him to be  asleep.
My  plan  called  for  the exploitation of his  nocturnal  tumescence.
Since most guys his age had erections several times a night while they
slept, I hoped it would be a good natural-feeling place to start.   By
the  time I returned, he was breathing slowly, the sheet covering only
part  of  one  leg.  His cock almost glowed it was so  beautiful;  his
balls  lay between his legs, saving his creamy load for me.  I sat  at
his  desk with only a small desk lamp on and it partially covered.   I
wanted him to sleep well and get hard by himself soon.  I didn't  have
long  to  wait.   His cock began to fill and slowly  left  its  draped
position  climbing up his thigh inch by inch.  I didn't want  to  move
just yet. I wanted to make sure his sleeping body was accustomed to an
erection  first.   Before long his hard began to  go  down.   I  knelt
before him and took in his smell.

      With my lips almost touching his crotch, my mouth began watering
at  the  unique  smell  of his nether parts.  I carefully  lifted  his
cockhead to my lips and, ever so gently, began to kiss.  Waiting until
his dick reacted to the warmth of my lips and began to swell, I slowly
worked  my  tongue  over  the  glowing  crown  coating  it  with  warm
smoothness.   Passing the crown into my mouth,  I  held  it  until  it
swelled ever so slightly then withdrew it and tongued farther down the
hard  shaft  coating it with spit. As my heart began to  pound  in  my
throat,  I  slowly  sucked  his rod back into  my  mouth  farther  and
farther.

      The  taste was made in heaven and the fact that it was  Jeremi's
slim cock in my mouth made my head swim and my body tingle.  I had  no
problem getting both his cock and balls in my mouth.  My "son's" penis
must  have  been  at  least five inches long,  fully  hard..   My  own
erection was alive and well.  It was standing out straight with a flow
of  pre-cum  glistening on the top.  I dare not touch it for  fear  of
exploding all over Jeremi as he slept.

      Reacting to my silent attention, Jeremi's sleeping hips began to
respond  to my wet sucking.  As I slowly moved up and down his  shaft,
his  hips moved in time with me as if he were fucking my face  at  the
same  speed.  His balls were partially between his legs so I moved  my
hand  to  cup his full ball-bag and keep it from being caught  in  the
action.  Whether it was the realization of  the warmth around his rock-
solid  cock or the hand on his nuts, his sleeping mind was alerted  to
the fact that something was definitely up.

     He jerked up as he woke, nearly robbing my mouth of his throbbing
meat.   I  could see shock, disgust, surprise, pleasure, and confusion
cross his face in seconds.  Fortunately for me, pleasure won out.   He
was at least going to let me finish!

     I decided since this was probably a one-time thing, to give him a
blow-job to remember and used every trick I knew.  I tongued the  head
and shaft, concentrating on the super-sensitive underside.  I showered
the  little  spot where the crown forms a vee with many kisses  and  a
darting  tongue.  I moved what I could of his cockhead  deep  into  my
throat  to let him explore its hot depths.  My hands played  with  his
balls and his tits.  My lips kissed his tummy just above his cock  and
the  inside  of his thighs.  I paid special attention to the  hairless
crevice  between his muscular buns keeping it moist and slick.   About
the  time  his hips started really bucking, I placed a finger  against
his tight boy - hole.  It willingly accepted the first knuckle.

      When I heard him moan in pleasure and felt his cock swell in  my
mouth even larger, I pulled back to watch the fireworks.  His load was
immense:  it shot up in an arch into the air and landed on  his  chest
and  face.   Volley after volley continued to fly as I quickly  rubbed
his  ejaculate  over him feeling the taught muscles of his  chest  and
neck  surge with every jolt.  His hips kept humping upwards, his  legs
tensing  with each spasm.  The finger his ass had accepted  was  being
squeezed  and  pulled with each shot.  I felt his strong thighs  close
around me and pull me closer to him.  I was pretty sure, that at least
for the moment, he was happy.

      I  prolonged my tongue-work, not wanting to face his anger  once
the  passion  had subsided.  To my delight and surprise, he  collapsed
back  onto  his pillow and said, "I didn't know a guy could feel  like
that!   I've  used my hand a couple of times, and I've wondered  about
sleeping  with  girls, but I've never even dreamed  of  anything  like
that.   Can you do that again sometime?"  He sounded like an  innocent
farm-boy.

      "Can I ever!"  I told him as I climbed on the bed and pilled him
on  top of me, shoving my swollen rod against his sweaty flat stomach.
Rather  than expose me to the world, he had given me half a chance  to
show  him  what I could do; I wasn't about to let a chance  like  that
slip  through my legs.  I continued his sexual education with kissing,
humping, tonguing, and the infamous 69.  He was a very good student!

      The climax to the evening was when I lay on his bed with my  ass
on  his  pillow and guided his boy cock between my cheeks.  He  wasn't
too  sure  about fucking in the beginning, but when I  slid  the  thin
sheath  of  rubber  over his pole, his feelings overcame  him.   As  I
instructed him he took my tube of K-Y and slowly lubricated  my  hole.
Then he caressed a palm-full over the length of his sheathed rod.   At
first  he was afraid he would hurt me, but we started out with only  a
small  pressure on my butt.  When my ass began to open and accept  his
slick cock, he was an angel and froze for just a few of seconds to let
me  adjust.   No  one  that had ever fucked me  had  shown  that  much
tenderness  and  consideration.   His  poise  and  graceful  restraint
kneeling  there with his cockhead partially inside me  was  more  than
most  men ever even dream someone who fucks them will have.   Once  my
asshole  loosened  further and began to slide up over  his  motionless
cock, he slowly pressed his full length into me.  His self-control and
tenderness  prevented the initial twinges I had grown to  expect  from
taking  it  up the butt.  After that, he began to rhythmically  thrust
his  meat  deep inside me.  I stared into his bluish-green eyes  as  I
took  him.   Those  bluish-green eyes  sparkled  in  amazement  as  he
realized how wonderful it felt to be with a man.

      This  time  Jeremi  was  under his own  control  fulfilling  his
conscious burning desires to explore my body as much as I had devoured
his.   When  he let loose for the second time that night  I  knew  for
certain that Jeremi may have moved in as a foster child but had become
much more:  the hottest lover I had in awhile..  And he was mine!

      Jeremi  and  I have seen to it that sparkling young boys  seldom
complain  about roommates.  Our young ladies now have the  same  style
rooms.  They  don't complain much either.  I guess it wasn't  to  save
space after all!
