Archive-name: Violent/sorrorit.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sorrority, The

WARNING - EXTREME VIOLENCE - If this offends you, do not read any further!

































                  Chapter One
                  ===========

   A searing brightness stabbed into Jack's eyes, beginning the trek back
from his deep slumber.  The brightness, mixed with the pungent odor being
waved under his nose caused his trip to accelerate.  Along the trip, he
recalled the prior night's activities.

   Jack had gone bar hopping, as was his wont to do on Friday nights, and
had had not a few drinks.  He remembered an incredibly attractive young
blonde.  She had an innocent-little-girl look to her--a look that drove Jack
crazy.  The kind of girl with a sly smile, wide open eyes that look through
you, and skin that shows a bare touch of tan.  She must have been about 5'5,
along with a perfect petite figure.  Her name was Karen, and she told him she
was in a sorrority (Jack couldn't remember which; he was preoccupied with
other thoughts).

   Karen casually spilled her drink on him, obviously purposefully.  "Why
don't you come up to my room with me?  We can wash your clothes there." she
had said, with a smile that promised much more.  Jack was quick to point
out that he thoroughly agreed with this idea, and suggested that maybe they
should go there now.

   After a short drive to her sorrority house, they both walked up to her
room.  "We both know what we want," she said, "but first, let me start your
clothes.  That way, by the time we are finished, they should be done.  Also,
you should probably take a shower; I don't want to smell like bush."
Realizing her pun, she put on a big grin, gathered shampoo and soap, grabbed
his hand, and showed him to the showers.  Jack had never taken a shower in a
sorrority house before, thought about protesting, but decided that Karen
knew what she was doing.

   "Okay, take off your clothes and give them to me.  Here's some shampoo
and soap.  Oh, and I'll bring a towel back with me."  Jack complied, his
member getting completely hard at his own nakedness in front of this
beautiful, beautiful Karen.  He couldn't wait to fuck her.  She looked at
his body, which increased the tension, causing small muscle spasms.  She
watched this for a minute or so, and then gave him a quick kiss and promised
to return shortly.  About a minute or so after Karen left, another girl
walked in.

   "You must be Karen's friend.  I'm sorry, but I have absolutely GOT to
take a shower.. I'm in a hurry, I hope you don't mind.  You can look at me
if you like."  She immediately removed her clothes and went to another
shower.  Jack admired her.  She wasn't in Karen's league as far as looks
were concerned, but still had much beauty to be admired.  Her nipples were
hard, so Jack knew she was as turned on as he was.  He watched as water
poured over her body, through the crack in her rear.  Down and around her
clitoris.  Jack had the feeling it would have been wet regardless of the
shower.  Absentmindedly, Jack began stroking himself.

   She turned, looked at him, and inserted a finger in herself to match
Jack's actions.  Jack could clearly see the finger slowly inserting and
retracting from the hole he wanted so badly.  He adjusted his own strokes to
match her finger rythm.  Another girl walked into the bathroom and peeked
around the corner.  He could see the look of jealousy in the new girl's
eyes.  She, however, didn't stick around.  Several more girls came in, took
quick peeks, copied the same look of jealousy, and left.  He kinda liked it.
Sometimes they came alone, sometimes in groups of 2 or 3.  The girl in the
shower with him was increasing her rate, and Jack matched.  It was like
simulated fucking for the both of them; every time she went in, Jack went
down his shaft.  Every time she pulled out, Jack pulled up.  She had
obviously had several orgasms already.  Jack felt the familiar tightening
in his own member, preparing to release.
   "Jack, I'm back."  It was Karen.  Oh shit.  He looked over at her.  He
saw a dart shoot from the gun that was now in her hand and quickly passed
out.

   "KA3 is coming awake," said a clinical female voice near him.  Jack
opened his eyes.  There was another female standing above him. He was still
naked.  He was tied to what appeared to be a rolling stretcher with a cold
metal surface.  He examined the female looking at him.  "Don't you dare look
at me!  Karen, come over here and take care of your slave!"

   SLAVE???! What the hell did she mean by that?!  It must have been a
joke.. Jack decided not to press the issue.  The woman left, and was shortly
replaced by Karen.

   "Hi, KA3." she said.  Her demeanor was entirely different from the night
before.  "Right now, you are a temporary slave.  Do not speak to me unless-"
   "What the hell do you -".  Karen, unbeknownst to Jack, was carrying a
small metal block in her hand.  She hit Jack in the stomach, hard, knocking
the breath out of him.  He strained against his bonds as hard as he could,
trying to break free.  However, it was useless.   He was fully secured.  She
hit him 4 more times, using both hands and putting her weight into it.  With
his breath knocked out, Jack was unable to scream or speak--he was trying to
breathe.

   As Jack was gasping for breath, Karen continued, "As I was saying, do not
speak  unless I or another mistress in this building give you
explicit permission.  If you fail to disobey this order, you will be beaten
for each word spoken.  I will let this time slip by, but the rules regarding
speech violation are as follows:  The first time you speak without
permission, you will be severely beaten.  The second time, we remove your
tongue.  If you still try to communicate without permission after this, you
will be killed.  That is why you are KA3--Karen Arington's slave, #3.  The
first two failed to obey the rules regarding speech.  You will see their
remains later.  What's left of them."

   Jack gasped for breath, and was finally receiving lungs of air.  Karen
let him gasp for several more moments.  It was obvious he was in a lot of
pain; that was good.  She could see the look of fear in KA3's eyes.  It was
important to establish the dominant role early.  She laid the metal block on
KA3's stomach.  He flinched at the touch.  Jack had only just begun to feel
fear, but was already progressing well.

   KA3 looked at Karen's eyes.  No longer did they seem open and innocent,
but clear and cruel.  He knew that she meant what she had said about the
speech thing.  The pain he still felt in his stomach was very real, very
hurtful.  He was terrified.  Or, he was more terrified than he had ever been
in his life.  He was under the complete control of this psycopath.

   "KA3, Rule #2:  Never stare at your mistress unless given permission to
do so."  Jack looked up at her, to see if she was being serious.  She
immediately threw a fist at Jack's face.  He tried to move his head to dodge
it, but didn't succeed.  The fist landed squarely on his lip.  He could feel
it burst open.  And he once again tried to break free of his bonds, but was
unsuccessful.  Another fist landed on his cheek, sending pain through his
entire jaw.  Again and again she beat him, hitting his nose and mouth often.
His face was covered with blood, when, on the last blow, he heard a bone
break.  He was in so much pain, he wasn't sure who had broken what.  Had his
nose broken her fist, or vice-versa?  He kept his eyes averted from Karen,
but noticed that her hands were covered in blood.  It must have been his
nose that got broken; she didn't seem to be in any great pain.  She left,
and KA3 heard the sound of running water.  She was evidently washing the
blood off of her hands.

   "Never look directly at a mistress unless given permission to do so.  The
first offense is a severe beating.  This one doesn't count; it wasn't very
severe.  The second offense is loss the left eye.  The third offense is loss
of the right eye.  The punishment for the fourth offense is death."

   "We have only two more major rules.  We reserve the right to make up more
as we go along.  I will present your 2 choices to you later.  Rule #3:
Always do as your mistress demands.  I am your highest authority.  If two
mistresses make conflicting demands upon you, you should come to me,
crawling, and begin kissing my feet.  In this way, I will know that you need
my assistance.   You will perform ANY task that I personally require of
you, except to harm another mistress.  You shall never touch any mistress
unless given explicit permission to do so, and then it shall be only under
her terms.  Punishment for failing to abide by this is an immediate, slow
and painful execution.  Sometimes, lesser-degree, or accidental contacts are
punished only with severe beatings.  However, you should know that
disobedience is not tolerated here.  Occasionally, we may also take a finger
here and there."

   "The last thing you should know is that an explosive device has been
implanted in your head.  This device will explode if you attempt to escape.
You may feel the back of your neck.  There, you will feel the device.  It
may feel small, but I assure you, it is enough to blow your head clean off."

   "Now, for your choices.  Clearly, the life you will lead as a slave will
be decadent.  We will see to it that you never escape, and that you are well
beaten for incompetence.  There are no rewards.  Occasionally, I may grant
you time to shower yourself, or to feed yourself.  However, normally, such
tasks are handled by me.  You will eat from my hand, become clean from my
hand, depend upon me for all of your needs.  You will not be allowed to wear
clothes.  You will be branded.  In time, you will come to realize a very
deep love for me, much like a dog loves a man.  You will be my pet.
Sometimes, if I am in a bad mood, I may beat you for no reason at all.  You
will be nothing but a piece of property to me.  You will be less than a man
or a woman.  You will be a slave in the deepest sense of the word.  The
alternative to this is an immediate and honorable death.  You will be shot
through the heart, and your body will be deposited in your car and driven
off of a cliff.  The coice is yours.  Think it over for the rest of the day
and tonight.  Do you have any questions?  You may speak and look at me.  You
will address me as Mistress Karen, or just plain Mistress"

   As she said this last, she began rubbing KA3's chest.  She dabbled there
for a minute, and soon moved her hand down to his penis, and began stroking
it.  His penis immediately shot to life.  "Umm.. yes.  What if I need to use
the rest room or something?"
   "Then you will ask me for permission.  Otherwise, you will either hold
it, or do it and then eat the remains."
   She took the metal block and hit him hard in the stomach with it.  With
his stomach already being badly bruised from the prior beating, it caused a
sharp jolt of agony to traverse his entire system.  She then went back to
stroking his penis.  His penis was really hard, and her stroking was causing
pre-cum to come out of the tip, regardless of the other pain he felt from
his stomach and face.  At this, she began rubbing the pre-cum all over his
dick.

   After all he had been through, he still enjoyed the sensation.  However,
she was not doing this as a woman would do to a man, but rather as a person
would treat a pet.  He was nothing to her.  He could be replaced.  "I told
you to address me as Mistress."
   She was rubbing him faster now, sensing the need in his groin.  Faster
and faster, until finally he shot off all over his stomach.  She came over
and wiped her hands in his hair.  "Mistress, will I be treated fairly?"
   "No."
   "Mistress, is there a chance I will ever be freed?"
   "No."
   "Mistress, is there hope of escape?"
   "No", she smiled.
   "Thank you, mistress."
   "We're not done yet.  I told you I was going to show you remains of other
slaves who were inadequate."  At this, she rolled the stretcher down a long
hallway.  There were several other women there, who looked at him and shied
away, as if he were a smelly dog, or a rodent.  He felt less than human.
She finally rolled him through an airtight door and into a room.
   He almost gagged at the smell.  There were dead body parts all around.
All were from males.  Some hands were lying upon shelves, an eye here and
there.  A few penis's were lying about.  He started to throw up. "NOT ON THE
FLOOR!" She said.  He quickly turned his head back to his stomach and threw
up all over himself.  "You see, KA3, we are very very serious."
   After that, she rolled him back to the original room and started to leave.
   "Mistress, will you please wash me?"
   "Tomorrow morning, I will.  Very thoroughly."
   And then she left him there.  With blood on his face, his stomach in
agonizing pain, a busted lip, a broken nose, thow-up and cum all over his
body, he quickly passed out.

   Later that night, he peed on himself, too.


Chapter 2
=========

   Jack, after having urinated all over himself, wasn't able to fall
back to sleep.  As he was laying on his stretcher, he pondered the
days events.  "That bitch," he thought, "treating me like this."  She
had looked so good at the party, so sweet and tantalizng.  He still
wanted her, but not in the same way.  He wanted to rape Karen, to beat
her, to cripple her.  "But," he thought, "what if I never get the chance?
Which is worse, death or enslavement?"

   It was then that Jack realized the real question: was he a coward
or not?  If he was not a coward, he would accept death.  If he was, he
would become a slave to Karen.  Jack had always been a man of his
word, and knew that if he said he would be a slave to Karen, then he
would not retract his promise.  To him, the most important part of him
was his honesty.  If he said he would rather be Karen's sex slave than
die, then he would.  After the day's treatment, however, he was not
sure which he wanted.

   Would he subject his body to the cruel punishment he had received
earlier? Was it worth it?  He had the feeling that if he decided to
become Karen's slave, that he would soon wish he was dead.  Hell, he
already did.  To Jack, the pain from his beatings earlier were still
very real, very painful.  He would do anything to avoid such beatings
again.  But Karen had said "Sometimes I will beat you for no reason at
all."  Jack didn't like this idea.  Jack decided that death would be a
better fate, and resolved that he would accept death as an alternative
to being Karen's slave.  He had already had a taste of what his life
would be like, and would rather not live it out.  Perhaps that's the
real reason that Karen had beaten him so badly: to let him know that
she wasn't joking, and to let him decide, knowing the truth of the
situation.  Tommorrow, Jack would look at her in the eyes and say "OK,
you bitch, go ahead and kill me, then."  His mind made up, Jack went
back to sleep.

   "Psst.. KA3".  Jack screemed, having been in the middle of a
nightmare.  It came out very muffled.  There was a strong hand over his
mouth, stifling the sound.

   "Shhhh.  We're going to help you escape.  We're slaves ourselves."
Jack could see two masculine silhouettes in the darkness of the room.
He was distrustful of them.  "We have the keys, and your clothes."
they said as they began releasing Jack from his captivity.  He hadn't
realized how tight his bonds had been, and when each bond was
released, he felt a sharp stinging course down that limb.  "We have
learned too much, and they will kill us if they find out.  We wanted
to rescue you, too, before they killed you."

   "Here, put on these clothes.. quickly now, we haven't got much
time."  They handed Jack his clothes.  As he dressed, they began answering
his unthought-of questions.  "This place was built 15 years ago, using
money granted to the Zeta Tau Alpha sorrority.  It was all done very
secretly.  Since then, the women have been told again and again that
they are the superior sex, and that they have a natural right and
responsibility to dominate men fully.  The brainwashing worked, and
now the sorrority only accepts sisters like themselves.  From what I
have learned, it is getting more and more popular among sorrorities."
Jack had finished putting his underwear and blue-jeans on.  The throw
up and urine spilled from his chest onto them.  He put his shirt on
over it.  "Don't wear your shoes, they make too much noise."

   Jack now had a closer look at the other two men.  They were also
dressed, similiarly to Jack.  "Follow us, quietly.  What's your name?"
   "I'm Jack," Jack whispered.  "What are yours'?"
   "I'm Rob, short for Robert.  Oh God, how it feels good to say my
REAL name again.  I haven't done that for two years.  And my friend is
Jeff."  They walked to the door, wherupon Jack noticed that Robert was
carrying a large ring of keys.  After searching for several minutes,
Robert inserted a key in the door, and opened it.  They all tiptoed
down the hallway.  They walked for what must have been 10 minutes,
when Robert continued, "We are underground.  This place spans the
entire underground of the campus.  Most of it isn't used; they
probably made room for other sorrorities when they built it."

   They then took a right at another door, then a left, then Jack got
lost.  Once, they had to hide themselves from a sorrority girl who was
walking through the hallways.  Luckily, she didn't see any of them.
They walked and walked, for what seemed like hours, but was probably
only about 5 minutes or so.  Then, they went through another door.
Instead of opening into another hallway, as the others had, this one
opened into a large, dark room.  Jack couldn't see anything.  "The
door outside is just on the other side of this room", Robert informed
him.  For the first time, Jack began to feel real hope.  He wouldn't
have to die after all.  Once he was outside, he would go to the
nearest police station and show them the situation.  All three of them
began running torward the door at the far end of the room.  When they
were about halfway through the room, lights burst on, blinding Jack
momentarily.   He kept running, knowing that freedom or death depended
on it now.  Then, Robert and Jeff both stopped.  Jack reached the door
and realized the truth of the situation.

   The door was locked from the outside, not the inside.  There was no
way out.  He turned around and saw the entire sorrority looking down
at him.  He was in some kind of auditorium, and sorrority girls were
all seated, except for Karen, who was in the middle of the room.  They
were all wearing see-through white gowns with nothing on underneath.
He looked at Robert and Jeff, feeling betrayed.  One stood on each
side of Karen, ready to protect her.
  "Come here, KA3."  Karen said.  Panic shot though Jack.  He started
beating on the door, trying to knock it down.  He kew it was useless
before he even started.  He wasn't prepared for the betrayal and
humiliation.  "I said COME HERE.  Do not make me repeat myself again."
   "YOU BIIIITTTCCCHHHH" Jack began running torward her, anxious to at
least take her out with him.  He never made it.  Jeff, the bigger of
the two, stepped in front of Karen and stopped Jack's assault.  A
quick blow to the stomach and elbow in the face had Jack on his knees.
Jack began to cry.
   "I can see, Jack, that you have made up your mind to die.  You are
no longer KA3, but an honorable Jack."  There was a podium in the
center of the room.  Karen walked over to it and retrieved a small
pistol.  Jack's wails became louder.  Perhaps, most shocking of all,
was the fact that she had called him Jack.  Was she really going to
kill him?
   "RJ1,  posision Jack so that I can penetrate his heart in one
shot."
   "RJ1 must be Jeff," thought Jack.  Jeff, or RJ1, with Jack still on
his knees, dug his knee into Jack's back, while at the same time
pulling back on his arms.  This left Jacks chest clearly exposed.
Karen took the pistol and aimed.

   For the first time in his life, Jack was afraid for his life.  He
really didn't want to die.  Even though he had already made up his
mind to accept death as an alternative, he could not help the feelings
coursing through him.  Death.  That meant.. death.  He couldn't accept
it; he felt hot tears runnign down his cheeks.  Karen's finger was
tightening on the trigger.  Suddenly, Jack blurted out, "Mistress
Karen, I beg for my life."
   She looked at Jack for a moment, looked almost dissappointed, and
said, "But Jack, you are an honorable man.  This will all be over
shortly, and you don't need to call me Mistress any more.  You are
honorable, you may call me just plain Karen."
   "Mistress Karen, please spare my life."
    "I don't think I understand.  Only a brave man would have called
me a bitch the way you did.  I don't believe that you realize what you
are saying."
    "Mistres Karen, I am not brave; I am the lowliest coward you have
ever seen.  I do realize what I am saying.  I don't want to die.  I
beg you to spare my miserable life."   Some of the other sorrority
girls in the room giggled.
    "Are you begging to be my slave, then, Jack?"
    "Mistress Karen, I beg to be your slave.  I beg."  Jack was
sobbing uncontrollably now.  "I beg to be KA3, not Jack."  Jack was
ashamed of himself.  A few hours ago, he would have been prepared to
die; now he realized that he was just a coward.
    "You really wish this?" Karen asked, looking doubtful.
    "Mistress Karen, I beg it.  I will serve you in every way
possible, please let me be your pitiful slave."  And that's the way
Jack felt.  After all he had said, it was what he deserved.  He didn't
deserve to die a fitting death; he was a shameful coward; he deserved
to be Mistress Karen's slave.
    "Unfortunately, Jack, you have broken too many rules already."
Karen began raising the pistol again, and pointed it straight at
Jack's heart.
    "Mistress Karen, please don't kill me!  Please, I beg of you!
Beat me, punish me for my offenses, please please please don't kill
me."  Jack let out a terrible wail, and began shaking all over.  She
was going to kill him.
    At once, Mistress Karen turned to the 30 or so other sorrority
members and said, "Who in this building thinks this man is honorable?"
    A long pause passed, and no one raised their hand, or spoke out.
    "Who in this building thinks that this man is brave?"
    A longer pause followed, and Karen looked at Jack.
    "Who in this building thinks that this man, Jack, should be
allowed to live?"
    Again, no one raised their hand.
    "Mistresses, please please please let me live.  I beg each and
every one of you to take pity on me." Jack screamed.
    "I ask again, who thinks that this man, Jack, should be allowed to
live?"  Once again, no one raised their hand.
    Jack began crying uncontrollably, knowing his death was imminent.
    "I now ask, should this man, Jack, die?"
    Every single attendat raised their hands.
    "Then it is decided, Jack shall die."  Jack began openly wailing
for the mercy of the attendants.  "Shut up, Jack, or your death will
be slow."
    Karen then addressed the attendents again, "Jack will die.  Should
the slave KA3 die as well?"
    No one raised their hand, and Jack understood.  He, Jack would
die.  Everything that Jack was, and stood for, would die.  He would
become KA3, an obedient slave, subject to the will of his mistress.
"Thank you, thank you, thank you, mistress."  Jack was openly crying
now, thankful that he had been spared.
   "RJ1 and KB2, go back to your mistresses.  I will take this slave
with me."  Karen looked down at Jack and said, "You disgust me, KA3."


Chapter 3
=========

   Karen led KA3 through a myriad of passageways and rooms, into the
showers.  "Remove your clothes, KA3.", she said.  He responded
with a simple "Yes, mistress, thank you, mistress." and removed his
clothing.
   Karen motioned her new slave to stand against a wall, while she
hooked up a hose to one of the showers.  There was soap already in the
room.  "Okay, slave, step two feet away from the wall.  That's good,
now, while facing the wall, hold both hands high up and lean forward.
Now, spread your legs until I can see your anus."  KA3 complied, a
look of fear in his eyes.  He didn't know what was going to happen
next.  Karen loved torturing her slaves;  too bad they never lasted
very long.  Maybe KA3 would be different... maybe.

   She turned the water on hot, and left the cold alone.  She sprayed
the back of KA3's neck, back, buttocks, and legs with it.  She ignored
his screaming; the other slaves had reacted similiarly.  She was
rather impressed with her new slave, however.  Thoughout all of this,
he never once moved from his position.  That was good for him; it
saved him from a beating.  His entire backside was red from the heat of
the scalding hot water.   She turned on a little cold water, so that
KA3 would survive the next step.  She walked over to him, told him not
to move, and thrust the tip of the hose into his anus.  KA3 screamed
as the warm water filled up his insides.  Eventually, those screams
became gurgles as the water eventually made its trip up through his
mouth.  Several bits of fecii (sp?) spewed rom his mouth with along with the
water.  Through all of this, KA3 still remained in his position.  She
left the hose in his anus for 60 seconds, until KA3 had almost passed
out from lack of air.
   When she took the hose out, a lot of brown-colored liquid
immediately spewed from his anus.  Karen would never let her slave get
that dirty inside again.  KA3, despite his best intentions, fell to
the floor and started gagging.  Evidently, he had inadvertently
breathed in some of the water.  She waited for him to stop gagging and
compose himself.
   After he had calmed down, she said "KA3, stand up again.  Resume
your prior position."  KA3 did as he was told.  His eyes looked at
Karen, pleading not to hurt him anymore.  "Don't worry, KA3; I won't
do that again tonight."
   Karen then took a scrub brush, and some soap, and washed KA3's
back.  She could tell that KA3 was enjoying the sensation, from the
occasional "Mmmmm's" he would make.  He wasn't seually excited,
however.  He had been through too much tonight.  Karen hated washing
the anus, but knew it was her responsibilty.  She scrubbed hard, on
his anus.  This made KA3 yelp a little, and eventually he begged her
to stop.  He was talking too much, so Karen told him to shut up.
After his anus and backside were clean, she sprayed him off with hot
water again, to wash the soap away.  KA3 screamed again.  She would
not beat him for this; it was punishment enough in itself.
   Karen did like KA3's body; otherwise she would never have chosen
him.  Having this sort of dominace over him was beginning to turn her
on.  First, there were other matters to attend to.  "Now, turn around.
Hold your arms up high, head forward, legs apart, and butt against the
wall."  It took KA3 a minute to comply, but he eventually did.  It
was obvious that he was in alot of pain.
   He still had throwup, piss, cum, and blood on his front.  Karen
sprayed the hot water directly into KA3's face and hair.  The blood
instantly came away;  she only had to spray his face for about 10
seconds.  KA3 screamed the entire time, but that didn't matter; he was
only a slave, and had (!) begged to be treated like this.  As far as
Karen was concerned, she was giving KA3 what he really wanted--total
and brutal treatment.  Karen enjoyed brutalizing her slave.  The same
procedure was followed with his chest and stomach.  When she sprayed
his stomach, the shrieks got a lot louder; probably from the hot water
dripping onto his cock.  When she moved the water to his penis, KA3
passed out and fell to the floor.  Karen finished giving KA3 his
shower; it didn't matter whether or not he was consious.  In some
ways, it made it easier.  It sure as hell was quieter.  Karen waited
for KA3 to regain consiousness.
   "KA3, get your clothes and follow me."  Karen brought KA3 to a
room that had a furnace.  She opened the furnace, revealing a bright
red fire within.  "Those clothes belong to Jack.  Throw them in here."
Often, this was the hardest part of becoming a slave.  The clothing
that they carry is their last link to their old life.  KA3 didn't
seem to have this problem, and quickly tossed his clothes into the
flame.  He looked somewhat relieved, though--perhaps thinking that this
was all that he was in this room for.  As he watched them burn,
however, Karen saw his eyes glaze over; he was going to miss them. 
   There was a stretcher in the room, and Karen instructed KA3
to lie belly-down on it.  After the prior treatment of his anus, KA3
whimpered, but obeyed her anyway.  He knew that he was Karen's slave,
and that absolute obedience was required.  Karen firmly strapped him
in; especially his upper thighs and lower back and arms.  She then left
the room to get her instruments.
   When she returned, she saw that KA3 had figured out what was about
to happen.  "Mistress Karen, Please -" he started.
   "Shut up, slave." Karen retorted.  KA3 obeyed.  She took the
branding irons from her bag and placed them both in the red hot flame,
letting them get hot.  It usually took about 20-30 minutes for the irons
to get hot enough for a clean burn.  The irons were rather pretty.
One iron had the letters KA in cursive; the other had a numeral 3 on
it.  Each iron was the size of a large man's hand.  They both waited
for the irons to heat up.
   "Which is more sensitive, your balls or your anus, slave?"  Karen asked.
   "I don't know, mistress.  They are both very sensitive." KA3
sobbed.  Karen wanted to torture him just a little bit.  She took a
fire poker out of her bag and placed it in the fire, also.  After
about five minutes, she took it back out.  She spread his butt cheeks
apart, and pressed the poker into his anus.  He screamed and screamed.
Karen held it there for 20 seconds.  Some skin from his anus stuck to
the poker.  She stuck it back in the fire burn the skin off, and
reheat it.  He was pleading her to stop hurting him, asking what had
he done wrong.  She ignored him.  After another five minutes, she
pulled the poker out and pressed it against KA3's balls.  They were
quite accessible from this position, with his legs spread apart.  When
she pressed the poker against KA3's balls, he started convulsing
wildly, screaming in agony.  He had done the same thing when his anus
had been scarred, but this was much more intense.  She held the poker
on his balls for 30 seconds.  Luckily, the skin was burnt, but still
there.   "I'd say that your balls are much more sensitive," she told
him.

   They had twenty more minutes to wait; Karen left KA3 alone this
entire time.  He was sobbing heavily, but she didn't care; she had her
own memories.  A man had once treated her similiarly; this was her
revenge, and pleasure.  At long last, the brands were red-hot and
ready.
   "It is in your best interest that you not move while I do this,"
Karen told KA3.  "You will want a clean brand to show off.  Also, if
you move, the blood will not cauterize properly."  She poised the "KA"
brand above KA3's left buttock, waited to let the tension build (this
was often the worst part for new slaves), and thrust down cleanly into
his flesh.  She pressed in about a quarter of an inch, waited for
exactly 30 seconds to allow the blood to cauterize, and quickly pulled
the brand out.  KA3 screamed and wailed the entire time, his body
reflexively trying to break free of the restraints.  His back would
arch in pain, then go limp; then arch again, and go limp.  When the
smell of his own charred flesh reached his nostrils, his efforts
doubled, but to no avail.  He was securely bound.  He was making too
much noise, so Karen stuck a gag in his mouth.
   Then she brought out the number 3 brand.  The look in KA3's eyes
showed clearly that he was in a very great deal of pain.  There was a
puddle of water on the table from the tears running down his cheeks.
His nose was pointing the wrong way, from when Karen had broken it the
prior day.  The second brand was the most important.  She decided to
play with KA3 for a while.  She walked behind him, where he couldn't
see her.
   She waited 10 seconds, and placed her hand on his right butt cheek.
KA3's entire body convulsed, having expected something much more
intense. His reflexive scream made Karen smile.  They quickest way to
dominate the mind is to dominate the body.  Things were working out
very well.  She removed her hand, waited 10 more seconds, and placed
it again on his butt.  The convulsion was even stronger this time; the
mental agony was straining KA3 to his limits.  She placed brand number
three in the fire, letting it heat back up for the real moment.

   She looked at KA3's branded buttock, and admired her brand.  It was
perfect; the best she had done yet.  She traced her finger through the
grooves of the brand, eliciting sharp cries of pain from hr slave.
She was glad she had gagged him.  Finally, after the brand 3 was hot,
she again walked behind him and placed her hand on his buttock.  He
convulsed more than before, shreiking in an agony that wasn't even
there.  In the middle of his convulsion, she quickly removed her hand
and stabbed the brand into him.  His convulsion doubled, every muscle
in his body tensed.  Then, his convulsion lessened, and increased, and
lessened, and increased.  It went on like this for about 30 seconds,
when she removed the brand.

   "These will probably itch for a day or two; do not touch them.  If
you do, I will have to rebrand you.  You may thank me for branding you
my slave."  She removed the gag from KA3's mouth.

   "Thank you, mistress, for branding your slave."  He managed to say
this between gasps and sobs.  Karen then unstrapped him, and had him
follow her to her underground room.

===

   Once back in her room, Karen chained her slave to the foot of her
bed.  He would be no good for sexual games tonight, she knew.
   KA3 felt the last of the chains being snapped put on him.  He was
afraid of Karen.  She had hurt him so much, in so many places, so
intensely, what was going to happen tomorrow?  Was she done for the
night?  She undressed down to nothing, ignoring him.  This, perhaps,
was the worst of all.  He had been branded like an animal, and now,
with apparently no regard for him as a human being, had taken off her
clothes in front of him.  She had removed her clothing in front of him
as casually as she would have undressed in front of a dog.  She then
lay on top of the bed.

   His mistress was beautiful.  A "true" blonde.  As she lay on the
bed, she began rubbing herself up and down her body.  As her left hand
was massaging her small breasts and nipples, her right hand was
exploring other recesses of her body.  The index finger was exploring
her cunt, going deep inside, swirling around; pushing down on the
bottom of her hole, pulling up to the top.  She came and came and
came.  She was still experiencing orgasms when KA3 passed out from
the pain.

Chapter 4
=========

   Karen woke up before KA3.  One finger was still deep inside of her from
the prior nights activities; she must have passed out during one of her
orgasms.  She didn't do that very often, only when they were very intense.
Her cream had soaked into the sheets, and was still wet.  She would have her
slave wash them later.  She began to remove her finger from the hole that
had given her pleasure upon pleasure the night before.  It hurt,  because
her cream had dried to a crusty froth, effectively glueing her finger inside
of her.  Pulling it out would hurt too much, she thought.  She instead moved
her finger to one side of her pussy, and stifled a groan as she felt the inner
linings of the other side peel away.  She then repeated it with the other side.
She wondered how many other girls had done this very same act.  She then
quickly yanked her finger away from her crotch, which sent another slither
of pain up her spine.
   She got up from the bed, and looked at KA3.  He was still asleep, curled
up in a fetal position.  The restraints she had put on him allowed enough
movement for this.  He shivering all over and was obviously very sick,
perhaps in need of medical assistance.  She walked over to him, still bound,
and gave him a hard kick in the ribs.  She didn't kick hard enough to break
one, however.  Maybe next time..  "Wake up, slave."
   "<EEEE  EEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEE>".  The gag was still in his mouth.  Karen
had forgotten all about that.  "Don't speak, slave, and keep your eyes
downcast."  He managed to avert his eyes, but continued to howl in pain.
   "Be silent, slave, or it will go hard on you." Karen said.  She looked
down at Jack's trembling figure.  He managed to stifle his screams, but was
obviously still going through great agony.  She removed the gag from his
mouth.  "Now, quickly, on your hands and knees.  Spread your legs far
apart."
   Jack knew better than to disobey his mistress.  As quickly as he could,
he moved his aching joints into the position she required.  His asshole felt
like it was on fire.  No, it felt like a raging furnace.  However, his will
was made up.  He was going to let the bitch toture him until he died,
because he said he would.  He was a man of his word.  Regardless of the pain
and humiliation he had suffered the night before, he still held that one
last shred of dignity.  He had told her he would be her slave, knowing fully
what the consequences could be.  Well, he had not actually believed that his
treatment would be so severe, but he had known that the possibility existed.
It was his willpower that moved him to the position she requested.  The
willpower made him spread his legs far apart, even though the burning in his
asshole grew exponentially as his cheeks parted.  It was his
willpower that made him obey her.  He wanted to prove to her that he was
stronger than any torment she could inflict upon him.
   KA3 was sweating profusely, Karen saw.  She also saw that she had not
yet broken his will.  Slaves must obey through fear; not willpower.  Only
then does the master have complete control.  She was determined to master
this slave.  She looked at his limpness, but decided to save that particular
torture for later.  She walked behind KA3, so that he could not see what she
was doing.  As she was walking, she saw his look of resolve turn to fear.
   Jack was terrified.  What new cruelties would his mistress inflict upon
him?  If he looked around to see what she was doing, he knew it would surely
go worse.  He resolved not to, and his resolve turned to fear.  What made it
worse was the fact that he knew she had seen the fear in him, goddammit.
Building up new courage, he prepared for the next torture.  What was she
going to do, pour acid into his asshole this time, he laughed to himself.
The fucking bitch.  Bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch.  He kept
saying this to himself over and over again.  When, finally, the asshole
treatment he had expected did come, it was not what he expected.
   He felt a cool ointment being applied to his asshole.  When Karen stuck
her finger inside of his asshole to get the inner linings of his anus with
the ointment, it hurt, but quickly extinguished the flames burning there,
also.  She then rubbed the ointment on his tortured ball, also.  The
soothing relief caused him to purr.  In fact, with her fingers touching
these sensitive areas of him, without pain, he began to get excited.  Only a
little, but he knew that the excitement was there.  His untortured member
happily began to show Karen that it appreciated her soothing efforts.
   Karen stopped rubbing KA3, after she saw that he was beginning to get
excited.  She returned the ointment to her cabinet, and locked the cabinet
back up.  She returned and stood in front of her slave.  At once, the slave
started attacking her toes with sloppy, wet kisses.
   Jack didn't know what had come over him.  As soon as his mistress stood in
front of him, he immediately began kissing her feet in gratitude.  She had
shown him kindness.  He thought briefly, of how to expoit this kindness.
For now, however, he simply wanted to show his gratitude.  He began kissing
her feet.  He didn't know why, but this turned him on in a way.  He didn't
give her little pecks, he gave her feet wet, passionate kisses.
   "You may speak, slave."
   "Your slave merely wishes to show his gratitude fr your kindness,
mistress."
   "Oh?  That was not kindness."
   "Your slave doesn't understand, mistress."
   Karen then looked at KA3 with a cold, intense glare.  "I do not want you
to die yet."
   YET?!  "What do you mean yet?  When do you plan on killing me?"
   "You forgot to say mistress.  That earns you one beating."
   "Please mistress, I beg your forgiveness."  Jack got immediately fearful,
and showed no evidence of trying to hide this fact.
   "There is no forgiveness, KA3.  You will need to learn this.  The lesson
will be painful, but in time, you will learn, or else you _will_ die."
   Jack knew that Karen was an expert administrator of pain, knew that she
meant only to hurt him.  His body began to tremble, and he blurted out,
"Mistress, it was an honest mistake.  Please mistress,  just this once,
forgive me?"
   "That earns you another beating, slave.  When I say something, it is
final.  There is no negotiation between between a mistress and her slave.
Once you ask a question, do not ask it again."
   Jack now saw what she was doing.  She was breaking every part of him.  He
found himself thinking about how much fun it would be to break her little
neck.  Before, it was willpower that held him back.  Now, it was fear.  He
thought about how ironic the situation was.  Here he was, 160 pounds of
mostly muscle.  And he was terrified of a half-naked woman, too terrified
to defend himself.  He hated her.  But, he wanted her to be happy, so that
she wouldn't hurt him anymore.
   "Mistress?"
   "Yes, slave."
   "Mistress, my.. my brands, do they really look good on me?"  Jack
couldn't believe he had asked this question.  Maybe if they excited her, she
wouldn't beat him.  In a way, they excited him, too.  He tried to imagine
what they lookeded like.  He knew what they felt like; they itched like
hell.  But, if his mistress liked them, maybe she wouldn't beat him.  He
wanted her to like them.  Anything but another hot fucking firepoker up his
ass.
   "Slave, they look wonderful.  In fact, they look so good, I'm not going
to beat you there.  Roll onto your back, and turn your head torward the
bed."
   He did as told, and caught a glimps of her naked body as he did so.  Her
soft, blonde tufts of pubic hair, and small, round breasts began to excite
him.  He thought he even saw her lips, but wasn't sure, everything had
happened so quickly.  Ashamed, he felt his manhood growing, in plain view of
his mistress.
   "Turn your head to face me, slave."  Jack complied.  He couldn't believe
what he was seeing.  She held in her hand a whip, with five thick strands.
"This is the whip you will be punished with.  You will be given 20 strokes
accross the abdomen and chest.  Since your offenses were first time, minor
offenses, I have elected not to use the one with shards of glass in it.  Do
you understand?"
   Jack gulped. his erection getting so small, it seemed as if it were
trying to push itself back into his scrotum.  "Yes, m-mistress," he said, a
tremor of fear escaping his voice.
   "Turn your head to face the bed again.  Count the strokes, and say
'please mistress, I beg you to whip me again.'"
   Almost before Jack had his head turned, the beating began.  SWISH-CRACK.
Split-second, PAIN.  Jack had never been whipped before.  IT HURT.  He could
feel the five red welts spreading their pain through his stomach.  Through
clenched teeth, "Please, mistress, I beg you to whip me again."
   "You forgot to count, slave.  We'll have to start over again."
   Damn, Jack thought.  He'd have to learn to follow her instructions more
closely.  SWISH-CRACK.  MORE PAIN.  "One.  Please, mistress, I beg you to
whip me again."
   SWISH-CRACK! SWISH-CRACK! SWISH-CRACK!
   With every stroke, his body would tense and convulse.  Sometimes, the
blades of the whip would fall accross his nipples.  He had never known how
sensitive they could be.
   Each stroke seemed to hurt worse than the last.  She would sometimes wait
for up to a minute before delivering it.  Always, she seemed to strike when
Jack was least prepared.  Sometimes, he would say the words through clenched
teeth, sometimes in a scream.
  "19.  Please mistress, I beg you to whip me again."  Now, all the words
he said were spoken hoarsely.   SWISH-CRACK.  "20.  Please mistress, I beg
you wo whip me again."
  "I tire of beating you, slave.  Do not move, I will return shortly."
Karen donned a white gown and left the room.  She was careful to lock the
door, which appeared to have locks on both sides, after her.
  Jack didn't move, he was perfectly content to lie there.  Lie there until
the pain went away, the pain he feared would never end.  When she returned,
she was carrying a small plate of food, along with two glasses of water.
She sat on the edge of her bed and began eating.  There were two slices of
bread and some kind of meat on the plate.  "You may assume any comfortable
position, slave, but keep your hands behind your back, and your eyes
downcast.  She spoke this through mouths of food.
   The aroma of the meat hit Jacks nostrils worse than the whip had hit his
stomach.  He was ravenous, and wasn't at all sure she was going to feed him.
"It's all up to her," Jack thought.  He couldn't even feed himself.
   "Lift your head, slave."  Jack complied.  She held the other glass of
water to his mouth, tipped upwards.  At once, his mouth filled with the cold
water.  It hurt his parched throat at first, but he continued swallowing.  A
little water spilled down his chin, which Karen wiped away with the side of
her robe.  She then fed him half of a piece of bread, stuffing the whole
thing in his mouth, almost choking him on it.  Eventually, he was able to
swallow it.  Karen had already finished the rest of the food.
   "Are you still hungry, slave?"
   "I am very hungry mistress."
   "How hungry?" she smiled, although Jack couldn't see it.
   "Hungry enough to eat anything, Mistress." Jack said truthfully.
   "Good.  Eat me."  She then opened her robe and sat in front of Jack,
showing him her delicate pussy fully for the first time.

-- 
