Archive-name: Affairs/sp.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Wife by Video


	I am a college educated white collar worker with normal happy life, 
revolving around my wife and child.  I never expected anything out of the 
ordinary to happen to me, but it did.  One evening while I was watching our 
baby, while my wife went out with her girlfriends,  I began to tidy our room 
up.  When I bent down to picked up a pile of clothes that were left for the
wash, I noticed a video tape tucked under the bed.  I thought that it was 
rather odd place for the video to be, so I took it.  I went into the den and 
put the tape in the video player, and waited to see what was on it.  I could 
hardly believe my eyes, it was a video of my wife acting very sultry and 
seductive wearing a black nightie.  In the tape,  she began to move around and 
dance to the music performing an erotic strip-tease, removing what little she 
was wearing in a slow sexy manner, as the cammera panned in and out of her 
various poses.  I immediately began to wonder who was opperating the cammera.
She stipped off her clothes and began rubbing her lucious big tits, while she 
rolled her toungue around her mouth at the cammera.  She then started to play 
with her pussy,  fingering her clit and opening wide to a voomed cammera lens.
The cammera panned up her slender body to her face,  which seemed to be trying 
to seduce whoever was opperating the cammera.  Finally the picture faded to 
black, only to fade in again, from what looked to be sittin on top of the 
dresser, with my wife stripping the clothes off a young blond stud.  He wasn't 
more than 21 years old, with a muscular shoulders and not very much hair on his 
body, but when she removed his shorts, she revealed his huge massive cock. She 
started kissing his neck, slowly moving down his body kissing his chest and 
stomach and finally arriving at his 10 inch cock.  She began to lick the length 
of it up and down, occationally stopping to take the tip into her mouth.  Her 
hand wouldn't fit all the way around it, as she began to stoke it up and down,
while her mouth started to suck the first few inches.  I paused the video right 
there, with the picture of my wife sucking off this hung stud staring at me on 
the screen, to allow me to think.  Watching her with another man made me very 
jealous, but it also made me horny as hell, I decided to watch some more while 
I played with my hard throbing cock.  She continued to suck on his big cock, 
leaving trails of saliva, as he would pull out of her mouth, and then she moved
up and let his cock move between her tits, while she licked over the head.  He 
kept this up for a few minutes, until the preassure became too great and he let 
his cum cover my wife's tits and face.  She licked up all of the cum and began 
sucking on him some more, saying he wasn't getting off without using his cock 
as it was intended.  My cock was now throbing as I shot my hot load off into my 
hand.  Even though I had just came, I remained hard and excited watching the 
video.  My wife had just began to take his large cock into her pussy, and it 
looked like it hurt some.  Even though she was displaying signs of pain, she 
seemed to invite more, and he seemed willing to give it to her.  They fucked 
for the rest of the tape.  I shot several more loads into my lonley hand, as I 
watched my pretty wife screw his hard massive cock with more lust and passion 
than I've ever known her to have, taking their time to record everthing on tape.
I rewound the tape and put it back where I found it.
	When she returned home, she told me she had a great time with "the 
girls", but I knew from the look on her face that she had been fucking with her 
toy-boy somewhere.  We retired to the bedroom, where we had the best sex of 
marriage and it lasted for hours, as my wife couldn't seem to get enough. 
During our love-session I prompted her to tell me her fantasies and talk dirty 
to me.  She was almost delirious, wrapped up in the feelings of lust when she 
told me she fantasized about having a threesome with me and another man, which 
brought me to another orgasm inside her slackened pussy.  We then fell asleep 
in each other's arms.
	A week later, she had me babysit again as "the girls" wanted another 
night out, but she told me she would have a supprise for me later that night.
She had no sooner left the driveway when I scampered to get the video tape.  I 
put it in the player and was shocked again.  She had recorded over the tape 
with another man.  This man was black, about 20 years old, with a shaved head 
and an even bigger cock.  I pulled my meat, as I watched my wife suck her
young lover's big black cock, but the cammera movements also let me know there
was someone else in the room with them. The cammera went back to being propped 
up on the dresser again, as the guy from the first tape appeared, and started to 
fuck her pussy from behind.  She gasped as he entered her, and squirmed as he 
started to push more and more of his cock into her, she moaned from deep in her 
throat, but her mouth never let up on the job she was doing on the black guy's 
errection.  She had brought them both to near climax, when she stopped the 
action and decided they should switch positions.  They moved around her and 
started all over again, this time with the black guy's 12 inches in her pussy 
and the other's 10 inches in her mouth.  Just as they were both about to come, 
as stopped them again, only to bring them both up to her wet mouth.  She stoked 
both large cocks, as she took turns alternatlely sucking then, until they both 
shot off all over her face.  This part of the tape finished, as it went back to 
the original, before it was recorded over.  I was rubbing my cock up and down 
even faster now, and knew I was ready to shoot my load again.  I came in a big 
way,  sending squirts of my hot sticky cum all over my chest.
	When she returned home, she acted very coy and innocent, not giving 
very much details of her night's escapades, but she did say she had a supprise 
for me.  We retired to the bedroom and started some foreplay, but as I was 
about to go down and eat her pussy, she stopped me.  I insisted further, and I 
made my way down her slender body towards her pussy.  When I started to lick 
her snatch, I noticed there was a strange taste and more juices than normal.  I 
noticed her pussy was slightly reddened, like she had just been fucked... Just 
as I was about to ask her about it, there was a knock on the door.  She jumped 
up, put on a robe and went to answer it.  She returned moments later with the 
blond stud I had seen in the first video, she turned to me - partially covered 
with the bed sheets, and she told me this was the surprise.  She threw off the 
robe, and before I could comment, she planted her muff ontop of my face.  While 
I tounged her orally, she undressed her young stud and proceeded to arouse his 
cock with her mouth, while she ran her hands up and down the length.  When he 
reached a full errection, it looked even bigger in person,  she climbed off my 
face and turned to allow him to enter her from behind.  She lowered her head 
onto my now fully erect cock and started to suck and lick me like a bitch in 
heat. I could see his cock starting to slide in and out of my wife, and she 
seemed to be in heaven.  She was going wild, sucking on my cock while this 
young stud fucked her with his horse-cock.  This was all too much for me to 
handle, as my cock raged and swelled with blood, almost to the point I thought 
I was going to explode, and explode I did!  I shot the first few squirts right 
down her throat, I'm sure she didn't have time to realize, and I splashed the 
rest all over her face and hair.  The blond guy just kept on reaming her, as 
she moaned out for him to fuck her harder and fasted.  He finally let his load 
go inside my wife's cunt, which she immediately planted in my face and made me 
taste his hot juices.  We continued fucking my wife's openings for the rest of 
the evening, we even had her ontop of him while I fucked her asshole, what an 
experience for all of us!
	This all happened about three months ago, and things have changed alot 
since these events.  Now my wife will put on something real sexy and go out and 
look for others to participate in our sex games.  She will go out to bars or 
suppermarkets and pick up guys (and the occational girl), take them to a motel, 
and fuck them on video, and suggest getting together later with both of us. 
Most of them say they would be intimidated, but we've had a few that have 
agreed.  She would then come home and we would both watch the video tape, while 
I would eat her freshly fucked pussy (I've grown to enjoy the taste of her love 
juices mixed with another man's come).  

--
