                         SpaceMeat
                      A Space Fantasy
                      by Kirk Morgan
     Freefall sex is overrated.  You float there, humping or whatever 
and just at the most important moment, you're likely to end up on 
opposite sides of the room.
     It's still better than the alternatives.
     I was on a routine mission to LaGrange 5, inspecting electronic 
components on the space station there.  L-5 is a one-man station, 
completely self-supporting except for adjustments needed to calibration 
and aim of the scientific instruments.  It's a deadly boring job; no one 
volunteers for it.
     The man on shift this half-year was Scott Andersen.  I didn't know 
why he had been assigned to L-5; I just assumed he had broken one of the 
millions of regs the International Space Exploration Agency, InSEA for 
short, had decreed.  He was a little shorter than me, about five foot 
eight and massed somewhere around 150 kilograms, all muscle and hair. He 
had green eyes and black hair and a slightly non-reg goatee that made 
him look like the devil.
     Need I say he was hotter than a rocket blast?
     He had only been on the station for a month, but he looked at me 
with those hungry eyes most guys don't get until the third or fourth.  I 
looked right back, liking what I saw:  a frustrated, super-horny man who 
was probably willing to do ANYTHING for a little human companionship.
     Anything was what he was going to get.  I have a hard spot for hot 
men and Andersen was the hottest I had seen for a long time.
     I went through boarding procedures as usual and went about my 
inspection.  I knew what to look for and there was absolutely nothing 
wrong that I could see.
     I didn't tell Andersen that, of course.
     I went "tsk, tsk" a few times, giving the  poor  sucker  the
impression something was wrong.  By the time I was finished, he was 
sweating like mad, scared that he had fucked something up badly.
     "You know, you could get into trouble for this, Andersen," I said 
severely.  "If I report it, that is."
     He swallowed.  "What do I have to do to get you to just  fix
whatever's wrong?"
     "Why were you sent up here?"
     "Uh...um, I, well...."
     "Answer the question!"  Sometimes command training comes in handy. 
He answered immediately.
     "I got caught sucking cock, SIR!" he barked, coming to attention.
     I started rubbing my crotch, not an easy task through a space suit. 
"You like sucking cock, Andersen?"
     "Sir, yes, Sir!"
     I reached out and grabbed him by the back of his head, pulled him 
to me and kissed him long and deep.  He was wearing a utility suit, 
since the cabin was pressurized, so I could feel his cock hardening up 
by feeling with my gloved hand.
     We went on into the sleeping cabin, where Andersen helped me off 
with my suit and the utilities underneath.  My own hardon burst into the 
recycled air like a rocket from the pad.  He knelt and took it in his 
mouth, all the way down in one swallow.
     Now L-5, being a one-man station, has no gravity.  The government 
decided to save money there and didn't put enough spin on it to make 
even a token gravitational field like the Moon has.  So we didn't walk 
anywhere or sit down or lay down, we floated.
     Saves wear and tear on your shoes and you never have tired feet.
     Andersen's mouth felt like a hot oven.  He was so hot and ready to 
suck me off, it was all I could do to keep from cumming right then and 
there.  I grabbed the back of his head and forced him to slow down.
     "Oh, yeah, suck it, baby!"  I couldn't help moaning with pleasure. 
He was one of the best cocksuckers I had ever had.  I floated there, 
letting the humpy spacer suck me off until I couldn't take it any more.
     "Arrrgh!" I yelled, jamming my cock down the man's throat.  I shot 
off down his throat, cumming what felt like gallons.  He swallowed and 
kept sucking until I had to pull him off my cock.  I get so damned 
sensitive after I've cum that I can't stand someone doing anything with 
my cock.
     But I wasn't done with the little guy yet.  I wheeled until we were 
facing each other and grabbed him, ripping his utilities.  He blinked 
and smiled, so I tore them the rest of the way off.  He had a tight 
little body, covered with tight little hairs.  He also had a nice 
looking piece of meat floating between his legs.  Not very long, but 
thick and with a reddish head I liked the looks of.
     Remembering Newton's Laws of Thermodynamics, I pulled up  on
Andersen's body and, sure enough, I sank the same amount he rose.  I 
stopped us the hard way, literally, by taking his cock in my mouth and 
holding on.  When we stabilized, I started sucking for all I was worth, 
barely noticing his efforts to control what I was doing.
     Sometimes having a thick neck is good.
     I went down on him fast and furious, pumping that cock like it was 
the last cock on earth (ahem) until he started groaning and screaming. 
When his cum shot into my mouth, I swallowed and just kept on sucking. 
Poor Andersen was like me; he can't stand having his cock sucked right 
away after he's cum.
     Too bad, Andersen.
     I just sucked on that cock until he quit trying to get away and 
started pumping.
     That was my cue.  I pulled off, my cock ready to go again, flipped 
him over and pulled him to me before he could float away.  I shoved my 
big piece of meat into his ass in one swift movement.
     Andersen gasped in pain, but pushed back on my cock, impaling 
himself further on my throbbing manhood.  He began making  little
growling noises and grinding his hips around my cock.  God, he had a hot 
tight ass!  I knew that, even though I had cum recently, I wouldn't be 
able to hold back very long, so I reached around and grabbed his cock 
and started jacking him off.
     He went wild at that.  He grabbed me around the ass with one hand 
and took over jacking himself off with the other, all the while making 
those growling noises.
     "Oh, fuck me!" he yelled.  "Shove that cock up that ass HARD!"
     I complied, fucking him hard and fast and deep, not stopping even 
when he pulled his hand back around front and began playing with his 
tit.  I grabbed hold of his hips and pumped for all I was worth.
     He let out a yell and started shooting little globules of cum all 
over the cabin, the force of his ejaculation  sending  us  flying
backwards.  Then my nuts started to grab and I started pumping his ass 
even harder than before.
     Goddammit!  Just as I started to cum, my pumping sent him flying 
across the cabin away from me, while my trajectory sent me in the 
opposite direction!  I went sailing back to the bulkhead, a stream of 
cum flowing out of my cock, looking like the wake of a jet.
     I bumped softly against the bulkhead and grabbed onto a handhold. 
I just floated there, spent.
     "Are you all right?"
     I looked up to see Andersen floating in front of me.  I smiled 
tiredly at him.
     "Yeah, I'm fine, just exhausted.  You've got a hot ass there, 
Andersen."
     "Glad you like it," he smiled.  "But next time, let's do it in a 
gravity field, okay?"
     I couldn't help it; I laughed.  "You got it, kid.  If you're ever 
over L-3 way, look me up."  L-3 is the main station, supporting over a 
thousand men; it has enough spin for a respectable gravity field.
     I looked around.  "Looks like we made a mess out of this place." 
Little globs of cum were floating around, some of them beginning to get 
a bit close to us.  My own, obviously, catching up with the inertial 
direction I had taken.
     "Not to worry, I'll take care of it," Andersen said.  He pushed off 
the bulkhead and swooped around the cabin, scooping up cum in his mouth, 
looking for all the world like one of those birds that catches its food 
on the fly.  It was so funny I just about busted my gut laughing, 
especially when he came to a stop next to me, a triumphant grin on his 
face.
     That's really all there is to tell about that  session  with
Andersen, except to say that five months later, I went into my cabin on 
L-3 to find him sitting on my bunk.
     "Hi, guy!" he said.
     "Andersen!" I yelled, smiling.  "When did you get here?"
     "About an hour ago.  It seems that I've been assigned as your 
assistant and bunkmate.  Think you can stand it, Sir?"
     STAND IT?  We've been together for six years now.  Ever since we 
both finished up our enlistments, we've been out here in the Asteroids, 
mining our little homestead on Bagoas, near Ceres.  It looks like we're 
gonna be together for a long, long time.
     I like it that way.
