Archive-name: Bondage/spanfant.txt
Archive-author: Aaron Seeman
Archive-title: Spanking Fantasy

Keywords: Violent


This is a consensual non-consent fantasy.
If you post this, please include credit. Email me with criticisms of
technique, but please don't bore me with moral tirades.
Story by Aaron Seeman  aarondo@cats.ucsc.edu



She was clothed in loose fitting cloths bought cheaply from a second hand
store. She was standing, hands cuffed behind her back. The cuffs were attached 
to a chain which led to the collar around her neck. Another chain ran from the
collar to the ceiling, forcing her to stand erect. Her ankles were strapped to
the ends of a spreader bar, which held her legs securely apart. She could feel
the hard wooden floor against the soles of her bare feet.

The door opened. He spoke:

"Now that you have been restrained for an hour, do you still consent to our
plan? Remember, once we start, you will have given yourself to me for the
duration we agreed upon, there will be no safewords; you will have
relinquished to me power over your body and your sensations."

Anticipation and fear welled up in her stomach. A tingling travelled up 
her spine, out to her breasts, and into her cunt as she spoke.  "I understand. 
I am yours to do with as you please."

He approached her with a pair of scissors. He started cutting the left pant
leg, starting from the ankle.

"These are the rules," he began, "You will address me always as Master. You
will not speak at all unless you have been  addressed as Slave. You will be
given specific tasks and challenges as well, obey these commands without
complaint or question. Transgressions will be punished. I may choose to be 
merciful on your first failure, following punishments will be severe." He had
removed her tattered pants and was slowly cutting away her shirt. "Do you
understand?"

"Yes Master." she whimpered, and only too late realize her error.

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!  He slapped her face hard but precisely four times,
alternating between her cheeks. As her cheeks stung she supressed her urge to 
say, "I'm sorry, Master."

He finished taking off her shirt by tearing it off. She felt a cool draft
against her exposed breasts. All that was left were her panties, which he tore
off her. She now stood, naked, exposed and helpless.

He spoke calmly and firmly. "Don't move."

He lightly squeezed both her nipples with his fingertips. She shuddered.

"I said DON'T MOVE!" and slapped her twice.

He returned to her nipples, twisting them ever so lightly. The frustration,
the need to touch her self was unbearable! She longed to move towards him, but
remained still. He ran his hands slowly down her breasts and down her body,
across her stomach, her legs. He caressed her ass, and moved around to her
cunt. He slipped two fingers in and held them there, unmoving. After a moment
he flicked his tongue across her left nipple, then her right. She struggled
within herself to keep from thrusting against him. He started sucking and
licking one nipple while twisting the other. With all this sensation and his 
fingers in her cunt, pressing against her clit, it was too much for her and 
she gave one solid thrust.

"That's it," he said. He took out a cat 'o nine tails and went around behind
her. He caressed her ass. "You are about to be whipped VERY hard, 150
lashes." The inner tingling returned to her, more intense and deeper. The
anticipation and her feeling of helplessness were so sweet, she felt
she could cum.

CRACK! the strips of leather bit into her ass. There was no build up to help
her adjust, just a full force whipping. CRACK CRACK! She strained against her
bonds, which held her helpless. By ten lashes she was already about to scream,
she managed to hold it in until the 15th lash. "Nooo! Stop! Pleeease!" It only
goaded him to whip her harder. "Please, Master, I beg you I'll do ANYthing you
want! Anything!"

"YES, you WILL do ANYthing I want!" he stressed his words with particularly
sharp strokes. "And what I want now is to whip you! You cannot imagine how
sexy you look, squirming and writhing like that!"

She stopped begging for ten strokes, but then he hit the same spot on her ass 
five, six, seven times in quick succession, producing greater pain. "Alright.
Alright! What do you want me to do? I'll suck your dick, I'll eat your
asshole, I'll drink your piss! Pleeeeease! Stop it!" She was panting, writhing
and sweating. The handcuffs held her hands too high on her back to allow her to
block the blows, which landed freely on her ass, thighs, and upper back.

Then, with five of the sharpest blows, it was over. She was breathing hard, as
though she had just run up a steep hill. He walked out and closed the door.
She had no idea what to expect, he may have been planning to stay away for
hours, leaving her there like this. The welts stung along her ass and thighs.
She wanted to touch them and sooth herself, but her hands were held secure.

It must have been only ten minutes, and he returned. 

"I will give you two choices. One: we continue the game for the next three
hours. I must say, you don't seem very good at it. Two: You receive 400
lashings now, and then I will to something very pleasant to you. Think about
it."

He left the room and closed the door again. She did not need much time to
think. Although she dreaded it, she knew she must take the 400 lashings.

He returned and asked, "What have you decided, Slave?"

"Master, please give me the 400 lashings, Master."

He approached and put a blindfold on her. He bent down and gently kissed one
nipple; she gave a startled shudder. He kissed the other nipple, her stomach,
and kissed her cunt. He kissed her ass cheeks, and then came around and gave
one kiss on the lips. "You are very beautiful. Don't worry, it will be over
soon, and you have no choice but to experience it."

This was true. She had tried sometimes to make herself disappear, but once the
whipping started she had no choice but to be there.

The whipping started a little slower than the last one, with blows landing
also on the front of her thighs and her breasts. He struck her with increasing
intensity, till again she began screaming. But she did not continue for long
before he paused, took out a gag made of the plastic head of a large dildo.
He inserted it in her mouth and pulled the straps tight, pushing the
gag against the back of her mouth. When the whipping commenced, her screams
were not entirely blocked, but they were stifled. She jerked her body around
in a vain attempt to dodge the blows. She was now in her own world, unable to
see, unable to communicate, unable to affect what would happen to her.

When the whipping finally stopped, she stood, sobbing silently. He removed the
chain from the ceiling, and guided her over to the bed. He lay her on her
stomach. He unlocked the cuffs and reattached her wrists to firm handles at
each side of the head of the bed. He attached her ankles to handles on each
side of the foot of the bed. The blindfold and gag remained.

He gently caressed her ass, stopping to kiss the welts. He massaged her
shoulders, sore from her hands having been cuffed behind her. He kissed her
neck, feet, thighs and ankles. He reached under her and cupped her breasts. At
the same time, he began to tongue the crack of her ass. As he moved lower with
his tongue, he lightly pressed her nipples between his thumb and forefinger.
He pressed his tongue against her asshole. He was sending waves of pleasure
and frustration through her, the sensations made her moan into the gag that 
filled her mouth, but she needed his cock in her cunt, his fingers on her clit. 

With no warning, he stopped and she immediately felt cold lubricant being 
poured into the crack of her ass. He slowly inserted a butt plug. Her sphincter
closed around it and held it in. He then produced a pair of nipple clamps. He
lifted up her torso and released one clamp onto her left nipple, then did the
same for the right. Her nipples began to burn. He thrust his hard dick into
her cunt from behind. He brought his hand around to her cunt, first just
placing a finger on her clit, then stroking on and around it. She was tied
spread eagled, she felt the cuffs around her wrists and the straps around her
ankles holding her in position. A plug in her ass, his erect cock thrusting in 
and out of her cunt, a gag filling her mouth, her clit pulsing under his 
finger, her nipples on fire. The blindfold blocked out all light; she she was 
in a floating world of pure, overwhelming sensation.


-- 
