From: Sara Vivian Glover (viv@charm.net)
Subject: FIRST STORY: Vivian's Vow 
Newsgroups: alt.sex.spanking
Date: 1998/10/06 

WARNING: This story contains sexually explicit adult material. Do not read
if you are not interested in this type of material or if you are not of a
legal age.

-------------------
OK, this is my first attempt at erotic fiction; any and all feedback is
welcome! Enjoy!!
-------------------

Vivian's Vow

It had happened quite by accident. In the course of running errands, she 
had just landed up near John's new house. Since she hadn't seen it since 
he moved in, she called him from a gas station, on a whim. It was a 
weekday, she wasn't even expecting him to be home. But home he was, and 
he immediately gave her directions and told her to come over. 

Vivian hadn't seen John for almost a year. Their casual, commitment-free
sexual liasons had ended when he fell in love with a redhead from 
Delaware. He really wanted to try to make it work this time, so they had 
parted ways amicably. Vivian was then subjected to something of a 
frustrating dry spell, but it wasn't long before she met Michael, and 
they had been together ever since. Nonetheless, she thought of John often 
and the delectable arrangement they had shared. They occassional
ly exchanged e-mails, usually reminiscing fondly about particularly erotic
times they had shared. Michael knew about this past relationship of hers, 
but he trusted Vivian's promise to be faithful--and, to be honest, he was 
somewhat encouraged by the fact that John was in a committed relationship, 
and that Vivian hadn't seen him in almost a year. While Michael didn't 
doubt the sincerity of Vivian's vow, he also knew her to be somewhat 
capricious, so a little insurance couldn't hurt.

Vivian was quite impressed as she drove up John's driveway. The house was
a lovely 2-story in a new development. Either he or his redhead obviously 
took a lot of pride in landscaping, and the outside of the house was 
quite artistically kept. 

She knocked on the front door and waited. After a few minutes, she
looked again at the number on the door and at the receipt where she had
written the directions.

Yes, right house... She knocked again, tapping her foot. Just like John 
to keep her waiting. After a few seconds the door creaked open just barely 
and she saw half of John's smiling face. "Come on inside," he said, and 
she slipped through the crack and into the foyer.

John was standing barefoot, wearing just a towel around his waist. He
grabbed Vivian by the hand and pulled her to him in a tight hug. Vivian 
reciprocated, putting her arms around his bare back. But John seemed 
determined to make this hug last longer than usual, and he kept squeezing 
her tighter and tighter. "It's SO good to see you," he murmured in her 
ear. Vivian was caught quite off-guard by the whole scene. She didn't 
want to release her embrace first and seem rude, but she had not been 
prepared to confront a towel-clad John, either... As she continued to 
hold on, her arms pressed against his skin, her body's memory of moments
past began to seep to the surface, and she felt a warm tingling between 
her legs.  Then, she felt something hard rising under his towel and 
pressing against her leg.  "Oh no," she thought; but before she could 
think anymore, her head started to fill with those familiar clouds that 
seemed to come whenever John was touching her.

After what seemed like an endless hug, John released her, still holding
her hand. He started walking towards the stairs. "Let me show you the 
best feature of the house," he said. Vivian followed him somewhat 
reluctantly. "Look, John," she said as she walked up behind him, "I 
wasn't expecting... I mean, Michael and I... I just wanted to see your 
house... What about your redhead? I didn't think..." She couldn't seem 
to formulate a complete sentence, and John just kept pulling her forward. 
As she mumbled, he led her through a few doorways, and suddenly she
found herself standing in an extremely spacious bathroom, reminiscent 
of a Greek bath house. Exquisite tiles adorned the floors and walls, 
and the sink and free-standing tub were a beautiful white porcelain 
with gold fixtures. She was barely able to take in the scene before 
John had her standing in front of a large jacuzzi on a raised platform. 
Her eyes widened. He turned to face her, took both of her wrists and 
pulled her in very close, looking at her directly. "The redhead, as you 
call her, is not going to be home for an hour." Vivian could feel the
beginnings of a warm flood forming in her labia. "Vivian," he said in 
a slightly scoffing tone, "you're not going to tell me that you didn't 
come out here to get fucked, are you ?" She felt her knees weaken as 
she realized that somewhere not so very deep in her subconscious, this 
had been exactly what she had in mind. "No..." she said softly. 

As she stood immobilized, he used his feet to remove her sandals. "That
was always what we were all about, Vivian; what made you think anything
had changed--for either of us?" he asked playfully, reaching up under
her skirt and pulling her panties down to the floor. "I don't know,"
she murmured, "I guess I just thought... well, there's Michael..." John
laughed. "Yeah, Vivian, you just keep on telling yourself that. We both
know you don't know how to say 'no' when you're with me."  She had to
admit that to herself, silently. Once he got her going, she had always
 pretty much been up for anything. "I'll give you a chance to say no,
OK?" he teased. "I'm going to tell you to do something, and if you
don't do it, I'll take it as a no." He reached up and caressed her
breast over her blouse and bra. "OK, Vivian?" he said. She nodded,
trying to avoid his eyes for fear that she would collapse. He pinched
her hardening nipple, and whispered, "Bend forward over the jacuzzi,
lift up your skirt, and hold onto the railing."

Vivian's mind raced. She was starting to feel delirious. This was the
telling moment; all she had to do was keep standing there, and nothing
would happen.  John would take her downstairs for a drink and then she
would go home. All she had to do was stand up straight. But every cell
in her body was compelling her to bend ove r. Was the desire too strong
for her to fight? What about Michael? Beautiful, tru sting Michael...
he was counting on her to keep her promise. In this single momen t she
could keep it, or break it. John stepped off to the side, giving her a
free path to the jacuzzi. "Oh, God," she thought, "what am I going to
do?!?"

----------------------

"You're in a mood tonight, aren't you?" Michael murmured, smiling, as
Vivian slid off the couch and onto her knees. Just after he got home 
from work, she had burst in the door, looking unusually radiant, and 
showered him with affection. Usually he was the one to initiate things, 
so he was quite pleased and suprised when she started biting his neck 
and taking off his jacket. They had been making out on the couch for 
about fifteen minutes and he was unbuttoning her shirt when she suddenly 
made the move to kneel between his legs. She smiled up at him with
wide, coquettish eyes and said, "Mm-hmm... Well, I was just thinking 
about how much I love you." 

She unzipped his pants and pulled the waistband of his underwear down
until his erection was fully exposed. He watched as she unbuckled her
bra and fondled her breasts for a few moments before taking him into
her mouth. Waves of pleasure swept over his whole body; this was one
skill she had definitely perfected. He was overcome by her display of
affection and, after enjoying the feeling of her mouth for a few
minutes, he decided to return the favor. Gently he lifted her head out
of his lap and joined her on the floor. She tried to lean over and take
him in her mouth again, but he laughed and gently pushed her onto her
back. As he went to lift her skirt, she suddenly tensed up and pushed
it down. "No," she said in her pouty voice, "I want to do it to YOU."
He grinned; she always wanted things her way. "Oh no, you don't," he
said, "You're not the only one around here who is allowed to give
pleasure." Over her soft cries of protest he pulled up her skirt. "No
underwear!! What a nice surprise," he thought as he pushed her knees
apart, feeling a new throbbing in his penis. He separated her labia
with his fingers and went to give her a good, hard lick,
when---"UGH!!" Michael shot back up into a sitting position. From
Vivian's sex had come the unmistakable scent of--could it be?--SEMEN!!

"Oh, shit," Vivian thought, "I KNEW I should have taken a shower..."
Michael rocked back on his heels, eyes closing in disbelief.
"Vivian.... Oh, Vivian..." he m oaned, "What have you done?" Vivian
started to panic; her heart beat into her thr oat. She sat up and
slowly went to put her arms around him, but he pushed her away
violently. "What the fuck is going on here?!?" he shouted. She could
hear the p ain in his voice, and it cut through her. "Oh, John," she
said, "I didn't mean to ..." Michael leaned forward and grabbed her by
the wrists, pulling her face within inches of his own. "WHAT did you
call me?!?" he shouted, so loudly that she thought her ears would
burst. Vivian could feel the tears pressing into her eyes. Sh e had
really fucked up now. "I said..." Vivian ventured pleadingly. "I
said..." But she couldn't think of anything she might realistically
have said at that moment that would have rhymed with "John." Her tears
started to flow freely; she had been found out.

"Did you call me---JOHN?!?" Michael roared. He held up her limp,
tearful body by the wrists, consumed with jealous rage. Why was HE
cursed with loving this woman ? What did HE do to deserve being in love
 fuck John one hour and come home to fuck him the next? A woman who had
NO self-control, whose attempts to manage her sexual impulses could
only be called PATHETIC? "AAAAHH!" he yelled, throwing her away from
him and burying his face in his ha nds.

Vivian's mind desperately raced. She pulled herself across the carpet
towards him, speaking in her softest, most penitent voice. "Michael,
Michael darling, I totally did not intend... I was just THERE, and
then... It was a complete accident.. ." Michael lifted his face from
her hands and cut her off with a dark look. "It was an ACCIDENT?" he
hissed. She had his attention; this was encouraging. "Yes, it
 was an accident, well, I mean, sort of...for the most part," she
continued, making her eyes as wide and innocent-looking as possible. "I
didn't mean to, not at all; not at ALL." His eyes were so hard they
were frightening her. She reached her hand up tentatively to touch
him.

Michael grabbed her hand and shot to his feet. "Stand up," he barked.
She stood up slowly, cautiously encouraged by the fact that he was
touching her. He walked briskly around the side of the couch as she
trotted behind. "Where are we going?"  she asked quietly. "To have
another ACCIDENT," he replied. He led her behind the couch and abruptly
bent her over the back of it, throwing her skirt up off of her
buttocks and pushing her face into the seat cushions. "Don't move," he
ordered, and she could hear his footsteps going into the kitchen.
Vivian thought quickly.  Maybe he was going to get a condom. Maybe he
just needed to fuck her and that would take the edge off his anger;
then they could talk about this reasonably. That must be it. She
quivered at the memory of being in this position earlier in the day,
and she could feel herself starting to get wet again. She heard
Michael's steps coming back into the room and stopping just to the
side of her.

"Raise your ass," hissed Michael. She wasn't sure what he meant but she
knew it must be a good sign. "What do you mean?" she asked sweetly.  
"Push your ass up into the air," he said in a punctuated fashion.
"Mmmm,"  she thought, "this is going to feel GOOD." She pressed her
buttocks up into the air and opened the muscles of her sex, waiting to
feel him sink into her...

SMACK!!! "YOW!!!!" A stripe of fire tore across Vivivan's bottom! She
cried out and whipped her upper body around to see what had happened.
She barely caught a gl impse of Michael standing over her, red-faced
and determined, holding one of her wooden spatulas, when he leaned
over, grabbed her by the hair, and pushed her fac e down into the
cushions again, carefully turning her head to one side so she cou ld
breathe easily. "Don't move," he repeated. "Oh, my god," she said,
"what are y ou DOING?!?" A sense of doom started to form in Vivian's
stomach and spread up th rough her body. Was THIS what he had in mind?
Fear gripped her throat as her ass burned. "You listen here, Michael
McDonald," she said, trying her best to sound a uthoritative. "If you
lay another hand on me, I'll... I'll..." She was at a loss for a
threat. "You'll what?" he asked. "You'll be in BIG TROUBLE!" she
shouted.

"Oh, yeah?" he said, amusement entering his hoarse voice once again.
"It seems t o me that YOU are the one who is in big trouble, Vivian,
don't you think?" She tr ied desperately to think of an argument. "I
mean," Michael continued, "you're the
 one who went out and got LAID, right? You're the one who was
UNFAITHFUL, right?  Am I right?" Silence. Still holding her head down,
he leaned over and put his mou th close to her ear. "You have a choice,
here, Vivian," he whispered. "If you tak e whatever I have to give you,
there's a CHANCE I'll stay. If you refuse to take it, I'm gone." Vivian
was still silent, but Michael could feel her starting to tr emble
nervously. "Well, sweetie, what's it going to be?" he growled. He
wanted t o tan her hide so badly he could taste it. He loved her
fiercely, true; but she c ould be such a fucking irresponsible brat
sometimes. It was obvious from her cava lier approach to life that her
parents had never disciplined her when she was gro wing up. If they had
done this a long time ago, maybe this thing with John never would have
happened. And if she elected to let him spank her now, as he knew she
would, he could pretty much guarantee it would never happen again.

Vivian was trapped. She knew she would have to let him spank her; and
she knew that HE KNEW that she knew. She loved Michael so much, if she
had any control over it, she would never let him go. And she knew she
had really fucked up, this time. She could hear the hurt in every word
he spoke. Honestly, she had never wanted to hurt him, John was just
so...  Well, the burning on her bottom was starting to subside. She
thought, "Maybe it won't be that bad; he'll just give me a few smacks
and then it will be over, and we can get back to normal." She adjusted
herself over the back of the couch and Michael stood up again. "So," he
said, "what's it going to be?" Vivian frowned. "You know what it's
going to be," she growled. "I want you to say it," he said. "I want to
make sure this is CONSENSUAL.  Tell me to spank you." Vivian could feel
her face redenning; he was going to make her ASK for it? She sighed
heavily and swallowed hard. "Spank me," she mumbled.  "What?" he said.
"Spank me,"  she said clearly. God, he was being a jerk. "Why, Vivian?
Why should I spank you?" he asked. He wanted to be sure that she
understood the exact purpose of what was about to happen, so she would
remember it the next time temptation came along. "Oh come on, Michael,"
she protested, turning to look at him THWACK! "OW!!!" Another stinging
stripe landed on her bare skin.  "OK, OK," she whined, putting her face
back down on the couch seat.

Assuming a very businesslike tone, Michael said, "I want you to tell me
to spank you, I want you to tell me why, and I want you to say please."
He was beginning to like this position. Rarely could he ever get Vivian
to do anything the way he wanted; she was normally so contrary just for
the sake of being rebellious. Vivian squirmed and gritted her teeth.
Not wanting to provoke another painful inciden t, she said quickly, "I
want you to spank me because I cheated on you." She felt him touch her
behind threateningly with the spatula. "Please!" she shouted. "Plea
se." Michael could no longer supress a smile. In spite of how angry he
was over J ohn, this was starting to seem like fun. "OK, Viv, here we
go," he said. "Raise y our ass. I want you to ask for every stroke by
raising your ass in between." This agitated Vivian; this was getting to
be ridiculous. "Jesus Christ, Michael!" she said. "Do it, or I'm
leaving," he said matter-of-factly. She contemplated for a moment,
sighed heavily, and pushed her bottom up into the air.

Vivian heard the WHISH of the spatula flying through the air. WHACK!!!
"Oooo!" s he cried as the wood cut a line across her flesh. The
stinging was almost unbeara ble!!  "Ask for it," Michael ordered in a
voice colder than she had ever heard hi m use before. She forced
herself to push her ass up to receive the blow. THWACK!  "Oh, god!" she
yelled. That one landed just where her bottom met her thighs; the heat
sank into her sex, and she could feel some wetness seeping out from
between her labia. "Oh, no... I can't be enjoying ANY part of this,"
she told herself ang rily, feeling Michael's eyes on her as they
appraised her throbbing cheeks.

God, her ass was so cute. It had always been one of her features that
he admired most. It was so round, and just fleshy enough that you could
see it jiggling und er her skirt when she walked, as if it had a life
of its own. Seeing it grow so p ink from his spanking, watching those
most-loved cheeks press upwards, trembling with anticipation... He felt
his dick go from slightly stiff to hard as a rock.

"Again," he barked, and she obediently raised her ass... SMACK!! "Oh!!"
she cried out, this time from a combination of pain and longing. For 
some reason this burning torture he was administering to her behind was 
making her vagina ache! "Michael--" she ventured. "Again!" he ordered. 
She gritted her teeth and slowly pressed her bottom ceilingward. WHACK! 
"Oooooh!" she moaned. Michael could hear desire blackening her voice. 
Without waiting for her to ask, he administered a rapid succession of 
blows, covering her entire ass as it wriggled back and forth, trying 
to anticipate and avoid his next move. But he was too quick, and met his
mark. Soon her whole, sweet bottom was littered with red stripes. Michael 
threw the spatula down to the floor and took his place behind her. Vivian 
felt the warmth of his body between her legs as his hands gently caressed 
her raw ass. "Oh, please..." she begged. "Please what?" he asked, his 
voice rough with arousal. "Please fuck me," she moaned, pushing herself 
back towards his groin. Michael smiled and gave each cheek one last 
hand-smack, just to watch her ass jump and hear her little protests. 
"OK, Viv, here we go," he said again. But this time, he clutched her
throbbing bottom for leverage, listening to her sweet cries as he thrust 
his cock squarely between her legs.

THE END

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
