                           Spandex Spankings


   The Ranger's eyes darted across the streets below him as
he stood behind a stone gargoyle high atop the Chicago building.
Not one for dramatics, he was influenced by Batman some years
ago, and began to rest by the more Gothic elements of the city's
concrete terrain.

   He wore a skintight black and blue costume with matching
mask.  A belt hugged on his waist and black boots donned his
legs to below knee.  No cape.  Capes were out.  A hero did
have to look his best, and something as outdated as trunks or
a cape was near suicide.  It was hard enough to get respect
wearing spandex.

  This was the most boring part of the job, the part they
didn't mention in his childhood comic books.  When the usual
gunsmugglers or alien menace were not handy to beat to a pulp,
one had to patrol the streets.  It wasn't an article in the
Paranormal Deputy's Guidelines, but expected if one wanted
support from the city.

   The Chicago Seven were off in space, the Regent was on
vacation, and Ms. Fit was out with a case of the flu.  So
lucky Roger Parks, aka Ranger, was supposed to regulate the
normal criminals until everybody else returned.

  All in all, this was easy.  And slow.  And Boring.

  Mind numblingly boring.

  The type of boredom people immigrate to avoid.

  A few days ago The Strange got drunk in a bar.  Then Ramses
had a shitfit in line at the DMV, but since his nonaggression
therapy, nothing life threatening occurred.  Purple Passion tried
to kidnap Mayor Daley, but that was easily handled.  The only
bad part about that was she rubbed herself against Ranger's
costume, causing him a monster hardon, clearly visible thru
his spandex.  This made pictures with Hiz Honor and the press
impossible, unless he wanted Bob Sagat to show him in his
Funniest Superhuman Moment segment.

   This job was getting too frustrating recently.  Besides
being everybody's whipping boy, he was too new to join any
team.  After being turned down from The Illinois Avengers, a
token state team at best, he had to listen to the city's
shock jocks ridicule him.

  Still, he reminded himself, there is helping people.  The
people who wonder, if he's so great, why can't he do something
about the city's rat problem.  Or the school's budget problem.
Or the really cold Chicago winters.  Or taxes.

   He was just wondering if he should call it a night when
he saw something sixteen blocks away.  He vision was better
than most telescopes.  It appeared to be a woman with archery
equipment crossing over some roofs, than stopping over a
jewelry store.

  Action!

  Ranger began to lift from the ground, his mild telekinetic
powers slowly gaining momentum.  As he closed the distance to
this strange woman, it was apparent she was cutting open the
lock on the roof's door.

   She was wearing a short dark green skirt, with a matching
sleeveless vest covering a skintight white tank top.   Her
long blond hair was tied in a ponytail, topped by a Robin Hood
style cap.  This person had a strange motif for these days.
Even for a super villain, she was attractive.  The muscles on
her long bare legs danced under her skin, and her breasts
strained against their bindings.

  Why was it, he wondered, most superhumans made Hollywood's
leading stars look homely?  Was there an unwritten celestial
rule making them look more in shape than any normal human had
any hope to be?

  When he reached her, he hovered silently until she looked up,
the slow rising of her neck and her wide eyes being one of the
truly funniest moments in Ranger's past week.  Her hand flashed
quickly to her bow.  An arrow appeared from seemingly nowhere,
and she shot a shaft directly at Rangers head.  Ranger focused
with his mind and caught the arrow inches from it's target.
His heart beat rapidly, but he did his best to appear nonchalant
about the attempt on his life. Never let them see you sweat, he
thought.

  "Shit", she whispered as she grabbed her stuff and began to run.

  "Wait, it's my turn," he called after her, but it was clear
she wasn't willing to trade barbs.

   Great, ruin a staple of the genre, Ranger thought.  He flew
after her, using his weak mental skills to nab her.  This was no
fun at all.  Too easy.

  He landed gracefully on his feet in front of the swaying
woman.  He turned to make sure there was no unseen lackeys when
he felt her kick him roundhouse in the head.  He dropped to his
knees stunned, as she steadied for another shot.  He ducked it,
pulling her foot from under her as she kicked with all her
strength.  She fell, unceremoniously, on her bottom.

   Ranger leaped on top of her, holding her flat on the ground
while her body still registered the shock of falling.  Ranger
blushed under his mask as he stared at her heaving breasts,
lungs fighting for breath after the short flight-and-fight.
When Ranger was able to move his eyes from her bosom, he saw
tears wetting her blue eyes.

  "Did I hurt you?"

  "No!"

  Ranger recoiled at the force of the shout.  She seemed unduly
mad at being caught.  "Than why are you crying?"

 *sniff* "I'm not crying!"

  Ranger felt an odd regret from stopping this young criminal,
perhaps no older than his 22 years.  "If I let you up, will
you behave?"

  She sniffed again than nodded her head.

  Ranger grabbed her bow and bag of arrows, making sure she
would not be tempted.  He looked at this woman who had just
leaped over building tops and expertly cut a secured lock
without breaking a sweat.  This young woman didn't have any
major superhuman abilities, or she would have used them already.
Yet, she was able to get a strong kick against him.  That wasn't
just luck or his stupidity, either.  Ranger had been doing
superheroing for three years steady before going public.
Ranger stood awkwardly, unsure what was appropriate to say.

   "Uhm, what's your name," was the best he could think off.

   "Greensleeves," she replied glumly, misty eyes looking off in
the distance.

   "You were good.  Those ten minute fight scenes only happen
in karate movies, so don't be too disappointed."

   "Not good enough."

   Ranger decided to ask point blank what her story was.  She
said her name was Kim Langly, and her mother was Lady Madonna,
a hero from the seventies.  When Kim's mother had Kim, it was
easy to tell she didn't carry her mother's body morphing or
healing powers.  In fact, other than being more athletic than
most of the other kids, it seemed she carried no genetic
anomalies, making her a normal human.  Her mother was very
disappointed, and from the time Kim was a toddler, acted as if
she had no daughter.  Kim tried to win her mother's approval 
by honing her athletic prowess to it's maximum potential, as
well as studying various skills such as archery.

  This did nothing to satisfy her mother's disapproval at having
a non-paranormal daughter, so Kim left home at sixteen.  She
did odd superhero jobs in New York, but was unable to join a team
because of her age and some people's loyalties to her mother.
Her money from rewards and bounty hunting was dwindling quickly,
so she came to Chicago looking for a fresh start two years after
leaving home.

   She found some of the same brick walls here, and became
desperate when her savings hit one hundred dollars.  She decided
to try crime to make ends meet for a while.  Ranger wondered to
himself if maybe she started crime also as a way to get back at
her mother, the great superhero, for not loving a nonsuperhuman
child.

   By the end of her story, Greensleeves was tearing lightly
at the memories, sobs occasionally racking her shoulders.  Ranger
could only pity this young woman, driven to desperate measures by
things she couldn't control.  He also wonder if he would make the
same choices some time in the future, if he was unable to deal
with the stress of independent superheroing.

  There has to be an alternative to arresting her, Ranger
thought.  If imprisoned, she would shunned by the superhero
community for life, in all likelihood returning to crime.

  Greensleeves stood still, hugging herself as if were alone in
the world, as Ranger's mind formed an unusual way to deal with
this young villain.

  A spanking.

  Yes, shocking and unorthodox, and possibly illegal, but such
used to happen all the time.  Regent once spanked his future
wife, reporter Vannesa Vale, at least once publicly.  Before that
it was considered a tradition to kidnap and spank the immortal
Wonder Witch on a regular basis (Ranger imagined what she would
look like, her forever youthful derriere sticking up, her short
bikini trunks sprinkled with various occult symbols lowered to
her knees).  And it was rumored that Blackbat spanked Batlass
as part of her training for minor mistakes.

  But the most famous of the early superhero spankings was when
Wonder Witch turned the tables on her arch-nemesis Leopardess
with every thing from a hairbrush to her own shoe.  They was
some talk that Wonder Witch took other liberties with the dociled
woman, but these sexual innuendoes about lesbian submission were
never proven.

   Ah, the Golden Age.

  "I have an idea about what to do with you.  It's your choice if
you accept it or jail."

  Greensleeves looked up, surprised that he was willing to help
her.  Maybe no one was willing to help her before.  She looked at
him trustingly. "What?"

  "What they used to do in the old days was spank someone for
such silly things as a superhero committing crimes.  I could let
you go if you take a spanking and return to the side of the law.
And don't worry about others hearing you.  We are a few stories
up, and the midnight traffic is as bad as the daytime."

  Greensleeves stared, unsure. "Is that the only option?"

  "No, there's still prison."

  Greensleeves bit her lower lip while thinking it over. Ranger
admired her beauty when it occurred to him she was going to take
the spanking but didn't know herself.  Perhaps deep down she
wanted the attention and loving discipline she never had as a child.
And Ranger did appear to be the only surrogate parental figure to
make her this option.  Only five years her senior, he was the only
authority figure who would give her the choice she secretly craved.

   Greensleeves came to a decision fairly quickly, but didn't how
to agree to having this stranger spank her.  She felt warm inside
and weak-kneed.  This young man was going to be touching her ass in
an unpleasant way, but the thought made her whole pelvis tingle.

   "OK."

   "Good.  Come over here."

   There was a rise in the roof connecting the jewel store and the
adjacent building.  Ranger walked over their while carrying her bag.
Once seated he rummaged thru her arrow bag, withdrawing a steel-
shafted rubber tip arrow.  For some reason, Robin Hood clones
always had a rubber tip for stun effect with their arsenal of
gadget arrows.  Placing the arrow beside him, he patted his lap.

   Greensleeves fought to control her breathing and her
growing dampness in her panties as she placed one hand in
his, the other on his strong thigh. Carefully, she lowered
herself.  She shifted for a few moments, trying vainly to
find a comfortable position.  The moistness in her pants was
a constant reminder of her shameful arousal as she closed her
eyes.

   Ranger eyed her broad hindquarters.  Her chest was a little
bigger than average, but her waist was waif-like by contrast.
This made her plump ass look even larger than it was.  He
lifted her skirt, tucking it under her vest.  He ran his hands
over her bum, surprised to find they were panties, not shorts
as he earlier thought.  She was running around the city flashing
anyone who would look up at just the right moment.

  This revelation made Ranger grow erect.  Greensleeves
squirmed as she felt his hardening member as his hand rubbed
her vulnerable behind.  Damn spandex, he thought.

   Greensleeves face redden as she imagined what his penis would
look like, it's stiffness rubbing her tenderly.  She felt wetter,
but was sure her embarrassing excitement wasn't noticeable.

   Yet.

   Ranger's hand reluctantly left her bottom,  lifting high in
the air before slamming down.  The first swat wasn't very hard,
Ranger unsure how hard a spanking for a teenager should be.  He
lifted it again, this shot bringing a startled 'oh' from
Greensleeves' pouting lips.

   Ranger decided Greensleeves was strong enough to take a real
spanking.  Raising his hand a third time, he slammed it down
with much more might.

   SWAT

   "Ow!"

   A forth and fifth brought the same delightful yelps.  Soon,
Ranger's erection told him she could take an even harder
spanking.  He spanking her hard, each swat jiggling her plush
behind.  He  spaced the spanks about two seconds apart, one check
than the other.

   Left "Ouch!" Right "Ow! Owie!"  Left "Uhh!"  Right "Uhh! Ouch!"

   He was really getting into a rhythm now, no longer concerned if
she was able to endure his swats.  This was, after all, punishment
for her own good.

   SWAT!  "Ow!"  SWAT! "Uhh-uhhh!" SWAT! "Owieowieowie..." SWAT
"Owww!" SWAT "N-not so..."  SWAT! "Ouch! Hard!"  SWAT! "Shit!
Shit! Ow!" SWAT "Please not so ha-a-rd!" SWAT!

   Ranger ignored his penis's request to use the arrow shaft now.
That was to be used for the last part of the spanking.  His penis
did make a good argument, but was convinced some things are
worth waiting for.

   Greensleeves was in no better condition.  She was confused
(whenever her brain could function in between swats, that is) by
her physical reaction to this all.  This has one of the most
humiliating situations she has ever been in.  Worse than when
she thought about stripping for money or joining the Illinois
Avengers.  Her ass was burning.  Surely, her ass was projecting
enough heat to scorch Ranger's cute face.

  But underneath it all, her vagina was screaming for release.
Her inner walls felt itchy, itchy enough to drive her mad.   Her
clit was erect now, larger even than when she masturbated
imagining she was a superpowered goddess, worshiped and adored
by billions.  It stretched away from her body, like an excited
dog pulling it leash full length, seeking some stimulation.
And her lips were puffy and full, warmed by a need for touch.

  Any touch.

  Ranger's leg would do nicely.

  Greensleeves' mind was far to preoccupied to be alarmed at
her vagina's overthrow of the central nervous system.  Without
any care for dignity or pride, the yearning vagina ordered the
body to rub the leg, grinding it, milking it for any stimulation,
any satisfaction, any thing to stop the desperate needing.

   Ranger's finally noticed Greensleeves riding his strong
thighs, rubbing like a bitch in heat.  For some reason, this
angered him.  Why should she have release while he suffered, his
hot member trapped in it's lodging, jacked by masturbation.

   HER masturbation.

   While he ignored the throbbing, the blood engorged heat, the
unbearable hardness.

  The SUFFERING!

  Ranger's brow narrowed as he tightened his grip around her
waist, his free hand grabbing the elastic of her green panties.
Her jerked them down, unintentionally ripping them.

  He froze at what greeted his eyes.  Staring at him were her
two plump globes.  The two meaty hemispheres were a rich red, the
heat drifting up to warm his face.  He could see the wet patch
in the crotch of her underpants, crudely glistening.  The smell
of her ladyjuice filled his nostrils.  He could see her pussy,
winking at him, as it tried to suck up anything into it.

   Anything to quench the itch.  The ever present itch.

   And all during her baring, Greensleeves continued to rub
herself unladylike, dripping directly onto Ranger's lap.

   Ranger absorbed all that lay before him.  "It's looks like
you're enjoying this.  Are you?"

   "...uhhh...ah!...ah!..."

   "Greensleeves?  Kim?"

   "Nrrrgrrr!...uhhh..."

   Looking in fascination, he wondered how close she was to
combustion.  Tightening his grasp one more time, he spanked her
as hard as he good across both cheeks, marveling at how they
bounced happily.   Throughout, Greensleeves could only moan,
pre-orgasmic and delirious.  Her sexy voice mewling decadent
pleasure sprung Ranger to full erection, forced by the spandex
up against his tight abdomen.

  SWAT!! SWAT!! "Ughh!...Uggh!..."  SWAT!! SWAT!!  "Mor-r-r...
Ah!..."  SWAT!! SWAT!!  "Uhnnnn! Grrrr-hhhh!" SWAT!! SWAT!!
"Ah!Ah!Ah!Ah!"  SWAT!! SWAT!! "UGGGHHHH!"

   Finally, Ranger grabbed the arrow.  He held it as high as
he could, that brought it down. Hard.

  Swish!  SLAP!  "Ughh!  Uggh"

  Ranger waited a few seconds before giving her another,
spacing the swat generously.  He gave her a total of six spanks
with the arrow.  By this time, Greensleeves was on the brink of
orgasm.  Ranger was familial with the sounds of a woman about
to climax, but not so desperately, and never across his lap.
He snaked the arm holding her until his hand reached her vagina.
His palm massaged the puffy lips while his fingers played with
her clit.  Once she started leaking on his hand, he continued
hand spanking her with short but hard spanks across both globes.

  When he felt her tremble for the big O, he spanked harder
and faster.  His other hand cascaded inside her, finding her
well hidden G-spot like it was beckoning to him.  Maybe it was.

  She came, hard and fast, body jumping on his lap.  She
screamed opened mouth.  Ranger heard the sounds echo off the
concrete, bouncing, repeating her triumphant announcement of
rapture.

   Ranger continued his volley of spanks and fondling her
womanhood.  Soon, she had a second and third orgasm, all three
lasting at least a minute each.  They declined in intensity,
and after ten minutes from her first orgasm, she collapsed.
Ranger envied the blissful look on her face as he laid her
down on the ground.

   Ranger stroked his penis thru the spandex.  He was close
to cumming himself from her sexual display.  He planned to
jerk himself off to relieve the stress.  Before he could lower
his own pants, however, Greensleeves slowly sat up, than kneeled
before Ranger.  Her hands reached to his pants hem, and she
lowered them to his ankles.  She gratefully took his member into
her mouth, savouring his taste as she swirled her tongue on the
underside of his cock.  She gave him the best blowjob of his
life.

   When Ranger stiffened for his come, Greensleeve stopped
sucking and tightly grabbed the base of his dick.  Once his
come was prevented, she went to her bag and produced a small
Vaseline tube.  Ranger reached into a pouch attached to his
belt, withdrawing a condom.  Nothing like a well stocked
utility belt, he thought.

   Greensleeves walked on her knees back to where Ranger
stood.  When the condom was on, she gently smoothed some of
the jelly on his raging hardon.  Ranger shivered.  He had an
idea what she had in mind if she was going to use petroleum
jelly.

   Once he was coated, Greensleeves told Ranger to
lay down on the ground.  Squatting over him, she dabbed some
jelly on her hand and massaged her tight anus with it.  She
poured more jelly on her hand, masturbating her most private
inch, until she could work three fingers up her butt.
Greensleeves than grabbed Ranger's member and guided it up
into herself, as she squatted lower.  His pants were still
bunched around his ankles.

  Sweat poured down both of their bodies as she slowly
snaked his head inside.  When she was comfortable with him
inside her, she slowly bounced up and down, one hand still on
the base of his cock to prevent him from slipping out.  Ranger
gripped her hips, helping to keep her steady.

   This was Ranger's first time with anal sex, and he could
tell hers as well.  Ranger slowed her down when he was close
to coming, prolonging the most intense lovemaking of his life.

  After fifteen minutes of her squat thrusting his manhood,
Ranger decided that if he didn't shot soon, him may never
cum again in his life.

  He asked her to lay down, which she did after putting a small
blanket from her pack under her head.  Ranger grabbed her ankles
and threw them over his shoulder.  When her butt was nice and
high, she guided him back into her bottomhole, the lovers facing
each other.  Ranger tried to go slow, but had to thrust deeply,
one hand playing with her clit, the other massaging her angry
red ass.  Greensleeves tweaked her nipples while helping Ranger
play with her mound.

  Her rectal muscles gasped around the intruding penis, totally
unfamiliar with the alien sensation of something intruding
inside.  Ranger held off his orgasm as best he could.

   Greensleeves looked him in the eyes, silently daring
him to go faster.  She felt as if she could see his energy
and feel his lust.  Almost-just barely-hear him think.

  After three minutes, both were ready for their final
orgasm.  Greensleeves looked him in the eyes and ordered him
lewdly to 'buttfuck me harder.'  Ranger thrust with the last
of his strength, coming into the condom, almost breaking the
thin skin.  Greensleeves jabbed her hand into her vagina,
rubbing her g-spot to one final orgasm.

  Ranger closed his teary eyes as her anus tightened to near
pinpoint size.  Greensleeves sounded her orgasm in short
barking snaps, throat sore from crying and screaming her
previous cum.  Her body twitched, her fists clenching.
Her body continued to twist long after the orgasm
subsided.  Ranger remained sheathed in her rectum until
he grew soft.

  After resting for a few minutes, Greensleeves got some
wrapped moist towelettes from her pack.  "Aren't utility
packs wonderful?", she asked, smiling.

  "I was thinking the same thing."

  After cleaning each other off, Ranger removed his pants
altogether.  They laid on the roof, spoon style, under the
small thin blanket.  Greensleeves turned her head towards
Ranger, saying, "I think I've found my sidekick."

   "I thought that was my line."

    Greensleeves melted into Ranger's arms.

    She thought about her orgasms, but didn't remember almost
sensing his thoughts.  She slept soundly, not thinking that maybe
there was a reason she knew she could trust Ranger with spanking
her.  That maybe her multiple orgasms triggered something, down
in her twisting DNA strain.  That mother was wrong about her
athletic abilities or her potentials.

  Or that maybe-just maybe-she was wrong about being a superhuman.



                         EPILOGUE

  The young woman watched the two lovers as they drifted to
sleep under the few stars the poked thru the city's sky. She
spied at them thru binoculars several blocks away.

   She was leaning against a wall, her tight leather pants and
frilly panties rolled by her knees were she had rushed them
earlier.  She had four arms, one holding the lenses and
another flat against the wall.  Her two remaining hands were
gently stroking her mound, calming it after its many orgasms.
Her mohawk was sweaty, plastered against her skull.  She
breathed deeply, steadily.

   She moved the arm against the wall to a communications
device on her belt.  "Icequeen, this is Fourarm.  Can you hear
me?"

   A voice devoid of emotion answered back.  "Of course,
Fourarm.  Ranger is dead, I assume."

   "No, I couldn't find him.  He must not be on his usual
patrol route tonight."

   After a long pause, Icequeen replied.  "I am disappointed.
You should have found him.  Return, so I may show you my
dissatisfaction with your failure."

  The line was cut before Fourarm could reply.  She wasn't
scared of much, but Icequeen  was ruthless in her revenge.
After posting bail for Purple Passion, she paddled her poor
ass long after she started crying.  She even lost control
of her bladder during the spanking.  Because of that,
Passion now had 'special' punishment sessions with Icequeen.

   In the bathroom.

   Fourarm finished masturbating, the guilt of publicly
displaying her sex weighing on her. As she lifted her pants
back to her hips, she spoke.

  "You two gave me a pretty good fingerdance, so I'll let
you live.  But you also got me in trouble with that cold
bitch Icequeen.  So next time, don't expect any favors."

    After buckling her trousers, she leapt off the building,
disappearing in the alley below.

                          THE END
