
                     " Spank Me, I'm Coming "

	"I Love That", My girlfriend, Joy, Moaned. She was 
        kneeling on the bed, her lovely ass naked, her dark 
        blond-haired pussy just visible between her fantastic 
        buns. I had been squeezing and pinching those tanned 
        globes.

	"You're not suppose to enjoy it!" I snarled. She had been      
        of the guys at the party and i had wanted to punish her 
        for it even though i wasn't all that mad. I grasped my 
        heavy cock and swung it sideways so it rapped her ass. 
        "I'm going to beat you with my cock until you apologize."

	I kept beating her buns but i wasn't hurting her. Still, 
        she moaned as though in pain, but she said, "Fuck you," 
        when i demanded an a apology. Finally, i gave up, aimed 
        my cock at her drizzling pussy, and slammed it in. She 
        screamed and collapsed on the bed with my spurting cock 
        buried in her cunt.

	Okay, that was great, but the reason for this letter was 
        that Joy suggested we accept my Aunts Elaine's 
        invitation to stay at her cottage for a weekend. Elaine 
        was my favorite aunt.

	We drove to the cottage at the mountain lake and, when we 
        arrived, Aunt Elaine ran from the house to meet us. She 
        had on a man's shirt and when the shirt flipped up a 
        little, I glimpsed a thick muff of hair on her pussy. Joy 
        trimmed hers so she could wear a bikini. Most girls I've 
        known do that.

	Aunt Ellie grabbed me and when we kissed, her lips were 
        wet and wide open. Her tongue was in my mouth and i put 
        mine between her lips. I could feel her grapefruit-sized 
        tits against my chest. And she knew she had given me a 
        hard-on, and so did my girlfriend.

	"Your'e Joy", my pretty dark haired aunt said. She hugged 
        her, too, and joy, and Joy later told me that she'd felt 
        her her ass and tongued her lips. "Coe inside and get out 
        of those hot clothes. I suppose we'd all better wear 
        something or poor Robert will be running around with his 
        thing sticking out."

	My aunt knew only need one bed. She showed us our room in 
        the rickety summer cottage. She went over to brush away 
        am imaginary wrinkle, giving us both a glimpse of her 
        hairy ass. She even had a black hair between her buns.

	"Iv'e been waiting to go in the water," she warned."I'll 
        put on a suit while your getting dressed." I yanked off 
        my T-shirt and was hunting for my trunks, but Joy told 
        me to wear my jockeys, very sheer white briefs that 
        clearly showed my hairy cock and balls. Joy had promised 
        a suprise and she pulled on her suit with a red rose 
        hiding each nipple and rose blossom with green leaves 
        just covering her cunt.

	"Hey fantastic!" I told her. My cock twitched a couple of 
        times and became more noticeable. We went out in the 
        kitchen. Aunt Elaine had a Thermos of juice and some 
        cookies. We walked down to the lake. Joy walked behind 
        with me looking at my aunt firm, full ass and shapely 
        legs.

	"Elanie, you've got a better figure than any other girl i 
        know", my sexy girlfriend said. Joy's neat, but i had to 
        admit Elaine had had bigger tits and that black-haired 
        cunt really turned me on. We sprawled on the sand on the 
        edge of the lake.

	"Robert told me about you." Joy said to my aunt, "Is it 
        true you spank him when he's naughty?"

	She laughed, glancing at my hardening cock. I was 
        remembering how gorgeous aunt would pull me across her lap 
        and spank my stinging ass and how humiliated I'd always be 
        because my cock was pressing against her pussy.

	"He wants me to," Aline said. "I think Robert does 
        naughty things just so I'll punish him. I think he has 
        lewd thoughts when i take him across my lap. My own 
        thoughts are kinky as well."

	Aunt Elaine's bathing suit cupped her pussy snugly. But 
        dark, curly cunt hair escaped, and I wanted to bury my 
        face in the luxurious muff. She glared at me, seeing me 
        looking.

	"Robert can't you have a civilized conversation without 
        staring at my twot?" my aunt demanded. "Joy, he's a 
        filthy-minded pervert and he's got to be taught a lesson. 
        Remove those silly briefs."

	I looked from her to Joy And Blushed. I felt silly, but i 
        wanted to feel her strong hands spanking my ass. "I will 
        if you and Jot take yours off, too."

	Joy was naked a second later, her lovely body tanned all 
        over and the tiny patch of golden fuzz barely visible. It 
        took Aunt Elaine a second longer. She glanced at my 
        cock, then put her hand on Joy's breast, squeezing. They 
        moved into an embrace, lips parted as they kissed. I 
        watched my lovely aunt grind her hairy groin against my 
        girlfriends pussy.

	Joy pushed her away. "Spank Robert," she said huskily.

	My aunt grasped my cock and pulled me closer, sitting on 
        one of the benches beside the picnic table. She brought 
        me down across her knees and moved her legs to get my 
        hard cock in the right position, squeezed against her 
        hot, wet cunt lips. Joy was watching, her mouth open, 
        legs apart, stroking her pussy.

	"Not too hard," I told Elaine. A moment later, her hand 
        cracked on my bun. I cringed and ground my cock against 
        her juicy cunt, the she smacked the other bun. It stung 
        but i knew my ass would soon be super warm, stinging, and 
        I'd be on the verge of an orgasm. Joy came over and 
        cupped Elaine's Breasts, then kissed her while I was 
        being spanked. Finally , after feeling her legs tighten 
        on my shaft and hearing her moan, she let me up. I knew 
        she'd had at least one orgasm.

	I stood  there with my cock in her face. She was staring 
        at it licking her lips. I think she might have sucked it 
        but i didn't wait. I stroked it about three times and my 
        hot, think jizz shot out, splattering her face and then 
        her tits. Joy kissed her slobbered-up lips and licked off 
        my jism. As soon as I finished, I glared At My Aunt.

	"Now, it's your turn!" I snarled. I pulled her around. 
        Joy sat on my left and my aunt's face was right over her 
        pussy. I massaged her nice, firm buns, slipped my hand 
        between her her thighs and fingered her twat. Then I 
        thrust my finger in her ass. She yelped and cursed at me. 
        A moment later i whapped her a good one on her butt. I 
        alternated strokes, watching pink blotches appear on her 
        snow-white buns. She was fucking up and down and my cock 
        was hard again. I stopped long enough to stick my fingers 
        in into her cunt, then spank her a few more times, 
        letting her have a gorgeous orgasm.

	We had a spanking good time for the whole weekend. Aunt 
        Elaine insisted on applying ointment to my ass. Then she 
        did Joy's ass, although she hadn't been spanked yet, as i 
        pointed out. Joy told me to mind my own business and 
        squirmed happily as Aunt Elaine slaved her, finger 
        fucking her ass with a greasy finger.

	We had a wonderful weekend and Aunt Elaine wants us to       
        visit every weekend all summer. I'm not worried about 
        getting a sore ass but i think my pecker might wear out.

