Archive-name: Changes/specfrn1.txt
Archive-author: The Armor Plated Wombat
Archive-title: Two Special Friends - 1 - In the Beginning


===============================================================
Copyright 1992, The Armor Plated Wombat . All rights 
reserved. License is hereby granted to republish on 
electronic media for which no fees are charged (except for 
the media used), so long as the text of this copyright notice 
and license are attached intact to any and all republished 
portion or portions.
===============================================================


Chapter 1: The Beginning

It is said that if fate requires that two people meet, then 
they will meet, even if a thousand miles of mountains 
stand between them.  This must be true, for as we shall 
see, even the more impervious barrier of different social 
classes did not stop Paul and Tim from becoming special 
friends.

Paul was the son of two lawyers (thereby proving that not 
all lawyers are bastards) and while the family were not 
millionaires, they lived a very comfortable life.  Paul went 
to the upper class public school in his neighborhood.  He 
did reasonable well at his studies and excelled at 
wrestling.  Being able to overpower much larger 
opponents by a combination of stealth and grace had 
earned him the place as team captain and the admiration 
of the other students in the school.

Unfortunately, not everyone can be so lucky.  Tim lived on 
the wrong side of town in a rundown public housing 
apartment.  His mother supported them both by working 
two office cleaning jobs and so they made enough to get 
by, but without many luxuries.  But Tim was blessed with 
an extremely quick mind and his mother constantly urged 
him to develop it as much as he could.  When Paul's high 
school started a program to bring gifted students into the 
school from the surrounding area, Tim's academic record 
won him a spot in the program.  And thus the saga begins.

One of Paul's weakest subjects was chemistry and it was a 
constant struggle for him to keep his grades up so that he 
could stay on the wrestling team.  Chemistry  lab 
experiments never seemed to go quite right, and if the 
teacher hadnUt given him a great deal of credit for trying, 
he would have been in serious trouble.

On this day, Paul was running out of time as he struggled 
to finish the experiment before the period was over.  The 
test tube contents was bubbling furiously over the Bunsen 
burner, but it refused to change to the proper color.  It just 
sat there,  a defiantly boiling brown goo.  As Paul turned to 
the book to see what he had missed, he saw a hand with an 
eye dropper moving in on his experiment.  Before he 
could turn, the eye dropper reached its mark and 
deposited its contents in the test tube.  The contents 
immediately turned a vile shade of green, which was 
exactly the desired result.  As Paul completed his turn, he 
came face to face with a young boy with an slightly worried 
expression. "I'm sorry", Tim apologized, "you almost had 
it but if it had boiled for a bit longer it would have been 
ruined,  I hope you don't mind my helping".   Paul replied, 
"Gee thanks, I had no idea how to finish it up and I really 
need to do better in chemistry."  A discussion began about 
the wrestling team while they cleaned up the benches, 
removing everything but the test tube with the final results 
in it, which was saved to be checked later by the teacher.

Chapter 2: The Link

On their way to their next class, Paul and Tim walked 
together.  The were physically similar, except that 
wrestling had made Paul a bit stockier and Tim was 
slightly taller.  However, outward appearances made them 
seem more different than they really were.  Paul had an 
expensive designer flannel shirt on, unbuttoned half way 
down to expose a heavy silk tee shirt.  He also had a 
matching pair of silk boxer shorts lying hidden under the 
corduroy button fly pants.  A blue Nordic style cardigan 
with eight metal button  resembling coins completed the 
look. As they strode down the corridor, many girl's heads 
turned to watch his athletic posterior move supplely under 
the expensive pants.

Unfortunately, while Tim's wardrobe was within the 
bounds of decency, it lacked any style or grace.  A faded 
set of sweats, consisting of a zippered hooded jacket and 
pull on sweat pants was combined with a well worn tee 
shirt.  Money had many more important uses at Tim's 
home then the purchase of expensive clothes.

But Tim felt a certain sense of style from being next to 
Paul.  As they got to the point where their paths diverged 
Tim felt an impending sense of loss.  As he turned to Paul 
to say goodbye, a small misjudgment (or perhaps it was 
the fulfillment of an unconscious desire) caused Tim's 
hand to end up inside Paul's shirt at the base of the vee 
where the shirt opened.  His hand felt the expensive silk 
on one side and the flannel on the other side, both fabrics 
warmed by Paul's young body.  Tim froze, too 
embarrassed to move, but after a few seconds he 
struggled to meet Paul's gaze and apologize for the 
intimate contact.  When his eye's met Paul's, what they 
saw was understanding and a mutual yearning for the kind 
of physical contact that young men are not supposed to 
have.  "I know", Paul whispered, "it feels good to me too".  
Just then, the approach of a group of students shattered 
the moment, but the link between Tim and Paul had been 
formed.

Over the next few months Tim and Paul grew to be real 
good friends.  Paul's grades improved as Tim helped him 
study and Tim got stronger and filled out a bit as Paul 
coached him in various physical sports.  As Tim filled out, 
he  looked more and more like Paul.  They didn't talk 
about their first moment together, but when it was private 
they sat more closely together than was usual for two 
teenage boys, and there was a good deal of casual bodily 
contact as the moved around.

Chapter 3: When the Cat's  Away

Paul had been raised to be a responsible, self reliant boy, 
so it was not unheard of for him to be left alone for a few 
days when his parents had to go out of town together.  On 
this occasion, his parents had to leave for the weekend.  
Since Paul had been alone a good deal over the past few 
months, Paul's mother suggested he have a friend over for 
the weekend.  Paul agreed, and immediately made 
arrangements for Tim to spend the weekend with him.

Friday night, Tim got off the bus and walked the last half 
block to Paul's house, arriving just as Paul's parents were 
leaving the driveway.  They waved to Tim as they drove off.  
Tim proceeded up the walkway and rang the bell.  Paul 
answered the door, and Tim got a mild shock, for Paul was 
wearing exactly the same outfit that he had on the first day 
they met.  "Come on in ", Paul said, "there's a great SF 
movie on and then we can listen to some music and talk a 
bit".

They amused themselves for a few hours and then it 
began to get late.  Paul suggested that they head up to 
bed.  A cot had been prepared for Tim, but Paul shoved it 
aside, stating that the bed was plenty big enough for two. 

First Paul kicked his shoes off.  Then Paul slowly 
unbuttoned his sweater and then cast it off, letting it land 
in a heap on the floor.  He then unbuttoned his shirt until 
he reached his waist, where he stopped to unbuckle his 
belt.  He then unbuttoned his fly and let go of his pants, 
which allowed them to drop to his ankles.  He stepped out 
of them and pushed them next to his sweater with his foot.  
Then he finished unbuttoning his shirt and shrugged it off 
into the growing pile.

Now clad only in the silk underwear, he stopped and 
stretched a bit.  As he leaned backwards, his penis 
became more sharply defined under the silk boxers.  It 
was somewhat larger than normal, no doubt stimulated by 
the contact during his undressing and the soft rubbing 
performed by the silk as he stretched.  He lifted the silk 
undershirt over his head and then unbuttoned the 
waistband and one button fly of the shorts.  Adding both 
items to the pile, he turned to the dresser and extracted a 
pair of cranberry silk pajamas.  Stepping into the pajama 
pants, he buttoned the fly and waistband.  Then he slipped 
on the coat and fastened its four buttons.  Turning back to 
the bed he saw that Tim was already in bed.  Having 
removed his sweat outfit and tee shirt, Tim had decided to 
sleep only in his underpants. The sweat outfit waited 
neatly folded on a chair, awaiting its owners return.

As they both lay in bed, they talked about the movie, 
school, and other things.  Finally, as they both grew tired, 
Paul announced that he was going to sleep, "Until 
somebody holds a mirror under my nose to see if I'm still 
breathing".  Further remarking that he was almost 
impossible to wake up until he was ready, he turned away 
from Tim and was soon fast asleep.

But sleep did not come so easily for Tim, the combination 
of strange surroundings and Paul's close presence kept 
him awake.   Also, the constricting feeling of his underwear 
(it was a bit small, since he had filled out a little) irritated 
him.  He used his hands to push his underpants down to 
his knees and then kicked them free from there.

As he lay there and thought about all of luxury Paul 
enjoyed, he felt a strange yearning grow inside him.  He 
was also a bit cold, since he had only the blanket to keep 
him warm.  Slowly, he slid over to Paul's side of the bed 
and gradually (so as not to wake Paul) worked his way up 
against him, so that soon they were like two spoons, side by 
side, his penis positioned in the crack of Paul's ass.  The 
smooth feeling of the silk against his skin and the extra 
warmth made Tim comfortable enough to sleep.   Draping 
his free arm over Paul's side, he pulled Paul in toward him.  
Paul responded by snuggling up against Tim and  
gradually, Tim fell asleep.

Small things can awaken you in the dead of night and so 
when Tim awakened a while later, he was not immediately 
aware of what had disturbed him.  He felt the touch of 
warm skin on the hand  he had touching Paul and after a 
bit of gentle exploration he discovered that the top button 
of Paul's coat was open, and his hand was gently touching 
his chest.  Suddenly,  Tim remembered a dream (or was it 
a dream) where he had been hugging Paul as he slept and 
playing with the buttons on his pajamas.  As Tim lay there 
and idea began to form, he wanted to try on Paul's 
sleepwear.  He tried to resist the temptation, but it grew 
and grew until it was too much to resist.  He snuggled even 
closer to Paul and slowly began to unbutton Paul's pajama 
coat.  After each button was unfastened and more of 
Paul's soft young skin was exposed, Tim caressed it gently.  
Finally the coat was completely open and Tim lay there for 
some time, petting Paul's exposed chest and stomach.

Then Tim's hand went lower and found the waistband of 
the pajama bottoms.  First the two buttons of the 
waistband were released and then Tim's hand crept under 
the silk and timidly touched Paul's penis.  Slowly growing 
bolder, Tim stroked the penis until it was about twice its 
normal size.  Then, getting on with business, he 
unbuttoned the four buttons of the fly.

Then he had to get Paul out of the coat and pants, so he 
positioned Paul on his stomach, gently rocking him from 
side to side so that he could ease the two parts of the front 
of the coat from under Paul's body.  Then he placed Paul's 
hands behind his back and slid the coat off his sleeping 
form.  The pants were a bit harder, but with a little gentle 
rolling and lifting they were soon off as well.  Getting out of 
bed, he walked to where a mirror was fastened to the wall, 
next to the half open bathroom door.  Light spilled out 
from the doorway, since the light had been left on to guide 
him in these unfamiliar surroundings.  Bending down, he 
first lifted one leg and then the other as he slipped the 
pants on.  As he fastened each button of the fly, his hands 
pressed back against his own penis.  It grew bigger and  
more rigid with each touch and by the time he had 
fastened the waist band it was fully extended, pressing up 
against the silk like a caged python.  He then slipped on 
the coat and moved slowly around as he buttoned it up, 
letting the silk caress his chest and back.  Suddenly, 
realizing he was about to come, he raced for the bathroom 
and quickly unbuttoned the pajama bottoms.  Directing 
his seed into the toilet, he shuddered with pleasure as he 
stroked his penis and each new ejaculation sent a wave of 
sensation through him.  Finally, after he had spent his 
load, he took a washcloth and carefully cleaned his 
member (after all, the pajamas were not his).  The feel of 
warm wet washcloth was pleasant, and as he moved and 
the silk and terry both touched his body, he was amazed to 
see that he was starting to come again.  He spent quite a 
long time in the bathroom, alternately ejaculating and 
washing, until finally he was spent for the night.

He tiptoed back into the bedroom and got back into the 
bed.  Sliding up against Paul's now naked form, he started 
to  cuddle in preparation for sleep.  Getting a sudden 
inspiration, he unbuttoned the pajama coat and opened it 
so that his chest could press against against Paul's back 
without the intervening silk.  Draping the free half of the 
open coat over Paul's side and holding it in place by 
putting his arm around Paul, Tim went back to sleep.

Chapter 4: Clothes Make the Man

When dawn broke, Tim awoke and lay there for awhile, 
thinking.  He decided to get dressed and take a walk 
outside while Paul slept until he awakened naturally.  
Deciding it was too risky to dress Paul, he quickly took off 
the pajamas and left them folded on the foot of the bed.

He stood naked, staring at his clothes lying folded on the 
chair.  Though he had worn similar clothes all his life, his 
first experience with silk had made him aware that there 
are better things in life.  As his gaze wandered around the 
room, he noticed the pile of Paul's clothes lying discarded 
on the floor.  Slowly moving over to the pile, he picked up 
the silk boxer shorts and held them close to his face.  
Inhaling deeply, all he noticed was a faint musky odor 
which was not at all unpleasant, in fact it reminded him of 
Paul.  He reached down and picked up the rest of Paul's 
clothes and carried them over to the chair where his own 
clothes lay.  Contemptuously sweeping his own clothes 
onto the floor, he sat down to place his legs in the boxer 
shorts.  Then he slowly pulled them up his legs as he stood 
up, enjoying the slithering sensation as the silk rubbed 
along his legs.  He then buttoned the waistband and fly.  
Then he picked up the silk tee shirt and holding it over his 
head, slowly eased it onto his body, shifting slightly from 
side to side in order to tease every last possible drop of 
enjoyment from the experience.

Next it was time to put the shirt on.  He slid it on slowly, 
enjoying the feel of the slightly fuzzy flannel cloth as it 
rubber his arms.  When it was in place, he buttoned the 
cuffs and then started buttoning the front, checking the 
look in the mirror after each button.  A little more than 
half way up, he decided that he had gone too far and 
unbuttoned the last button, leaving the shirt half way 
open.  Next he slipped on the corduroy pants, and 
buttoned up the fly, once again pressing against his penis 
with every movement.  When he had finished, he looked 
in the mirror and then suddenly reached down and 
unbuttoned the bottom button of the fly.  Though this did 
not show very much on the outside, it gave him an intense 
momentary thrill as he thought of going outside dressed in 
this way.  Then he quickly dressed in his own socks and 
sneakers and was almost ready.  Lifting the blue Nordic 
sweater, he eased it on and buttoned it up until the open 
vee of the sweater matched the open vee of the shirt.  
Then he backed off one button, so that you could see both 
the shirt and sweater surrounding a lustrous patch of 
creamy white silk.

Stepping over to where Paul was sleeping, he kneeled 
down and gently kissed Paul on the lips.  Then he slid the 
blankets down from his shoulder to just below his waist 
and move down to Paul's midsection.  He gently kissed 
Paul's penis and then held it briefly in his mouth, enjoying 
the sensation as the soft flesh stiffed against his tongue as 
he sucked slowly on it for a moment.  Then he slowly stood 
up, placed the blanket back on Paul and left the room.

When  Tim got outside it was still a bit nippy, since the sun 
had just come up.  The street was deserted, and he walked 
alone.  He felt more at home now, since he was dressed 
suitably for this part of town.  As he walked down the street 
and his clothes slid gently back and forth along his skin he 
felt himself to be in a constant state of mild arousal.  As he 
walked and dreamed of the day he would live here 
because of he had succeeded, he lost track of time.

Chapter 5: A Chance Encounter

Suddenly, he heard quick steps behind him and before he 
could turn around he heard someone run up behind.  
With a cry of "Hi Paul", two hands reached around him 
from behind and reached under his open shirt.  He 
reached up and disentangled himself and then turned 
around.  It was Cindy, out for her morning jog.  When she 
saw his face she became a little flustered and said, "Oh 
Tim, I didn't know it was you".  She then complimented 
him on his clothes and gave him a few gentle probes in the 
chest, as if she was checking the fit of his new wardrobe.  
As her eyes glanced down for a minute, she saw the 
bottom button of his pants fly (which he had left undone) 
peeking out.  She said, "Your fly doesn't look quite right".  
Blushing, Tim reached to fix it but Cindy stopped him and 
said she would do it.  She then reached down and 
unbuttoned the top button of his fly. "There ", she said, 
"Now its symmetrical".  Tim got into the spirit of things 
and unbuttoned the next bottom button and then Cindy 
undid the next top one.  Now only the belt, waistband 
button, and middle fly button were holding Tim's pants 
closed.  Cindy then moved out of turn and unbuttoned the 
final fly button.  As she toyed with the edges of his fly, she 
said "I win, where's my prize".  Tim replied "It's inside".  
Cindy reached inside and found the single fly button on 
his silk boxers.  She open them and slid her hand inside, 
following Tim's stiffening cock back to its base, and 
stroking it a few times with her fingers.  Suddenly excited,  
Tim reached for her and held her close.  "Not here", Cindy 
cried softly, "There's a better place".

Chapter 6: The Secret Place

She led him across a lawn to where the border of the local 
woods was located.  Plunging in among the trees, they 
came to a path that soon opened onto a small clearing.  In 
a hollow tree was a plastic bag,  from which Cindy 
extracted a blanket to place upon the ground.  Motioning 
for Tim to get down on it, she straddled him while 
kneeling.  For the first time, Tim paid attention to what she 
was wearing.  It was a grey polarfleece jacket with blue 
nylon tape running down the front which held the twelve 
snaps that fastened the jacket.  At the top the collar was 
rolled over on itself to form a kind of turtleneck.  She also 
had pants of the same fabric, but with the tape running 
down both outside seams and eighteen snaps to hold the 
leg side seams together.  As Cindy bent down to kiss him 
he reached up and began to unsnap her collar.  He 
continued down the front of the jacket until it was open 
below her breasts, at which point she stopped him.  "Not 
until I get my prize", she said.  She moved around to where 
she could remove his shoes. Then she moved back up and 
undid his belt and unbuttoned his waistband.  Then she 
eased his pants down slowly and removed them.  Going 
back up again, she unbuttoned the waist band of his 
boxers and slipped them off also. 

Tim didn't feel like he should take all this passively, so 
when an opportunity presented itself, he used a wrestling 
hold Paul had showed him to get Cindy pinned under him.  
She pretended to struggle but was secretly pleased at the 
turn of events.  He now continued to unsnap her jacket, 
which revealed that there was nothing else underneath it.  
Once he had the jacket undone, he spread it open and 
gazed at her young, taunt, runner's body.  Wanting to 
learn more, he placed his hands on each side of her pant's 
waistband and undid the first snaps holding the seam 
together.  As he undid each successive snap, he rolled the 
fabric released into a tight roll, in order to keep it out of 
the way.  Once he had revealed all of her panties he 
stopped to examine them.  They were light blue silk and 
were designed to be snugged up by tightening a cord that 
ran back and forth across the front.  He undid the bow that 
fastened the cord and was then easily able to slide the 
pants and panties down over her thighs.

They made love for quite some time and after it was over 
Tim lay on the blanket, completely spent.  He heard Cindy 
say, "Here, help me get you dressed".  So as she slid the 
underwear on he moved around in order to assist her.  It 
felt a bit different than it had that morning, and when he 
moved his hand down to touch them, he discovered that 
he was not wearing his underwear, but Cindy's panties.  
"Something to remember me by", Cindy cooed, as she 
tied the string.  She then helped him into his pants and in 
no time there was no visible evidence of their morning of 
adventure.

Cindy finished fastening her own clothes and then took a 
moment to kiss Tim softly. "It was nice", she said, "be sure 
to call me soon".  She then continued her jogging, leaving 
Tim standing in the clearing.

Chapter 7: The Capture

The walk back to Paul's house was uneventful, which was 
just as well, since Tim was in a partial daze.  When he 
returned, he walked quietly back into the room with the 
intent of undressing and getting back in bed, so that he 
would not have to explain what he was doing in Paul's 
clothes.  But when he came within sight of the bed, Paul 
was lying on his side propped up on one elbow, wearing a 
pair of yellow silk pajamas, with the coat unfastened.  Tim 
noticed the outline of Paul's penis under the silk, 
stretching  it out almost like his had done in the early 
hours of the morning.  Paul said, "You look real good in 
that outfit, why don't you keep it, I've got lots more stuff".  
Tim went over to Paul and without saying a word and 
started to ease his fingers under the waistband of Paul's 
pants.  He then slowly unbuttoned the waistband, which 
caused the tip of Paul's penis to stick out, as if it was 
curious about what was going on.  Tim then bent down and 
kissed the tip which made it grow even bigger.  Then Tim 
undid each button of the fly, pausing between buttons to 
trace patterns on the newly exposed flesh with his finger.  
Paul had laid back down and was mostly quiet, except for 
the occasional shudder.  When everything was undone, 
Tim turned away, pretending that he was going to leave.

Paul suddenly erupted and and brought Tim down on the 
bed and then straddled Tim while on his knees, holding 
Tim's thighs immobile.  In this position, Paul's straining 
cock was almost touching Tim's crotch.  Paul started to 
undress Tim, first unbuttoning the sweater and shirt to 
expose more of the silk undershirt.  Tim would 
occasionally struggle  and each time he did so, Paul would 
stop undressing him and caress him through the silk until 
his struggles subsided.  Then Paul started to work on the 
pants, unbuckling the belt and then slowly unbuttoning 
the waistband and fly.  Between each button, he stopped 
to run his fingers around the outline of the cloth, which 
clearly showed the size of Tim's straining member.  After 
the pants were unbuttoned, he  spread them open as wide 
as possible.  Then he finished unbuttoning Tim's shirt and 
moved it out of the way.  As he was admiring the view, he 
noticed a small length of blue silk cord running up under 
the tee shirt.  He curiously pulled the tee shirt up to Tim's 
stomach and revealed Cindy's panties. "What's this", he 
cried, "these look like Cindy's, what's the story here?". 

 Chapter 8: Mom's Closet

 After Tim told him Paul spent a moment fingering the 
light blue woman's silk panties that Tim was wearing.  
"You know", Paul said, "if you like silk panties, I know of 
something that you will like even better.  Get your clothes 
off and I'll show you".  Paul stood up and as he did so his 
pajama pants fell to his ankles.  He stepped out of them as 
he shrugged the unbuttoned coat off.  Meanwhile, Tim 
was quickly removing his clothes and when he stood up, 
there was nothing to be seen but smooth soft skin.  Paul 
motioned for Tim to go ahead of him and as Tim passed, 
Paul got him in a half nelson and used the other hand to 
cover Tim's eyes.  Knowing better that to try and beat Paul 
at wrestling, Tim went where he was led.  The trip was 
uneventful except for the one time he was led gently up 
against a wall, with his head and hips pressing against it.  
For a brief time, Paul's rigid penis probed the crack in 
Tim's ass and he experienced a number of pleasant 
sensations as Paul's rod explored his ass gently.  Paul was 
too afraid of hurting Tim to attempt penetration, so after a 
few more rubs along the crack, their journey continued.  It 
ended when Tim was guided to a bed and told to sit down 
on it.

When Tim was released, he saw that they were in what 
must be Paul's parents bedroom.  As Paul opened his 
mother's closet, Tim was suddenly reminded of the close 
resemblance that Paul bore to his mother.  She was a 
compact, athletic woman and at this stage in his growth 
Paul was very close to her size and general build.  Of 
course, this meant that Tim had the same general build as 
Paul's mother, since he was so close to Paul.

Paul selected several hangers from the familiar contents 
of the closet, which were  obscured by dry cleaning bags.  
He laid these on the bed next to Tim and then started to 
rummage through the dresser drawers.  Selecting two 
items, he threw them on the bed.  Tim examined them 
and found them to be two panties of heavy silk, 
unremarkable in design except for a six button and loop 
closure running down the front.  Paul took one of the 
panties and with some help from Tim, slid them up over 
Tim's legs to his waist and then gently fastened them.  He 
then quickly put on the other pair of panties, but only 
fastened the top button, so that his penis poked out a bit 
from the opening.

He then started to remove the clothing from their plastic 
wrappings. First he unwrapped a pair of soft tan cashmere 
pants which had six buttons running down both sides to 
close them.  He next unwrapped a off white sleeveless 
cashmere sweater which has a twenty button and loop 
closure running down the front.
Finally, a red cashmere sweater with eight pairs of buttons 
arranged down the front opening was revealed.  Paul left 
all these on the bed for Tim to examine while he returned 
to the closet and pulled out a three quarter length mink 
coat.  Since he knew from previous experience that the 
lining was tough enough to stand it, he turned the sleeves 
inside out and put on the coat with the fur side inward.

Returning to the bed he found Tim touching the sweaters 
and wondering at their marvelous softness.  Instructing 
Tim to lay back, he then rubbed one of the red sweater 
sleeves along the insides of Tim's thighs, while Tim rocked 
and moaned softly in response to the sensation.

After some time had passed, Paul coaxed Tim back into 
an upright position and then moved behind him. He 
slipped the sleeveless sweater over Tim's arms and onto 
his shoulders.  Moving back around front, he slowly 
buttoned the sweater, stopping every few buttons to either 
nuzzle the bare skin still exposed or run his hands under 
the open edges so that he felt the cashmere on one side of 
his hand and Tim on the other.  When the sweater was 
finally closed, he kissed Tim tenderly on the lips as Tim sat 
with his eyes closed, awash in pleasurable sensations.  
Paul then picked up the cashmere pants and bending 
down, placed Tim's legs in the waist opening.  He moved 
them up the legs slowly, gently pressing them against the 
flesh.  After a minute or so, he had reached the point 
where Tim had to rise up slightly while Paul coaxed the 
pants over Tim's buttocks.  He then tucked in the sweater 
and buttoned the pants.  Finally he eased the red sweater 
over Tim's arms and then started to button the sweater.  
As he watched the red sweater cover up the white 
cashmere he decided to stop about one third up.  He also 
unbuttoned the white cashmere sweater until it was about 
one third open.  This made a compelling fashion 
statement, as the colors progressed from red to white to 
flesh.

Tim then stood up and grasped Paul around the waist 
under the mink coat.  While he hugged Paul his head 
nestled in the mink collar and his pelvis rubbed up against 
Paul.   The cashmere rubbed against Paul's penis through 
the panty opening and his member quickly swelled 
greatly.  Feeling this, Tim dropped one hand to Paul's 
buttocks and slipped it under the panties, gently fingered 
the crack in his ass, going so far at to gently press against 
the rim of Paul's anus.  He continued this until Paul 
shouted,  "Enough".  They broke apart just before Paul 
climaxed, sending a shower of his juice onto the tile floor.  
While Paul lay back down on the bed to recover, Tim went 
to get a wet rag from the bathroom and returned to clean 
up the mess.  When he was finished he went back to the 
bathroom and returned with a wet washcloth which he 
used to clean Paul.

Now it was his turn, so Tim went to the closet and tried to 
find something suitable for Paul to wear.  A shimmer of 
grey caught his eye and he selected a silk blouse which 
was fairly conservative in cut with a few feminine touches.  
It had seven sets of four buttons arranged in little squares 
and an attached strip of material designed to be tied in a 
bow around the collar.  Searching further, he found a soft 
dark grey jumper which started buttoning around 
midstomach and finished at the hem about six inches 
from the ground.  There was a matching  waist length 
jacket which was somewhat military in appearance.

Tim returned to the bed with his booty and coaxed Paul to 
a sitting position.  He slipped the blouse on Paul and 
started to fasten the buttons.  As each square was 
completed he made sure to stroke Paul along the back 
and front in order to heighten his pleasure.  As he finished 
buttoning the collar he grasped the ends of the strip of 
fabric and tried to tie a bow.  After several attempts he 
succeeded in tying it correctly.  As he looked at Paul, he 
began to see a softer, more feminine person than he had 
before.  In order to keep his concentration, he told Paul to 
get up.  He reached down and fastened the opening of 
Paul's panties and then slipped the jumper on Paul.  
Starting at the top, he buttoned the jumper and finished 
eight buttons later at the bottom.  He then slipped the 
jacket on Paul and buttoned the two button waistband tab 
and three of the four buttons up the jacket's front.

Chapter 9: The Journey

Once they were dressed, the question was what to do next.  
Since they had been in the house  all day,  Paul suggested 
they go for a drive.  His car had tinted windows and so no 
one would be able to see them.  He was sure that once out 
in the country they could find a place to enjoy themselves 
in the fresh air without being bothered.

They packed a picnic basket with various goodies, 
including a couple of bottles of a sweet desert wine.  They 
then loaded up the car and set out on the road.

The car had cruise control and held the road well, so that 
once they were on the interstate the drive did not occupy 
much of Paul's attention.  He asked Tim to remove his 
seatbelt and come over next to him.  At the same time he 
unbuckled his seatbelt.

Tim laid down across the seat, with his head in Paul's lap.  
In this position Paul could easily reach Tim's stomach with 
his right hand, and if he leaned over a bit he could reach 
Tim's crotch.  Keeping his eyes on the road, his right hand 
explored the warm soft territory of Tim.  Coming to the 
point where the red sweater was buttoned, he slowly 
released each button he came to, with a long , slow caress 
between the red  and white sweaters between each 
unbuttoning.  When he got to the last button, he flicked 
the sweater open and leaning over a little, proceeded to 
work on one of the side fastenings of Tim's slacks.  He 
opened three buttons to loosen them and then slid his 
hand under the waistband, hiking up the white sweater's 
tails so that he could unbutton the silk panties.  He then 
removed his hand and gave Tim's a quick pat, pushing it 
up against the cashmere.  He then said, "the rest is up to 
you, Tim", and placed his hand in his lap. 

Tim lay there in a half doze and intermittently stroked his 
penis in order to rub it against the soft cloth.  Eventually, 
he fell asleep.

Paul drove on for another hour until he reached a turnoff 
for a secluded spot he really liked.  Engaging the four 
wheel drive, he drove down the rough dirt road until it 
ended in a secluded clearing.  He pulled off the road and 
shut off the car's engine.  They had arrived.

Chapter 10: The Picnic

Looking at Tim, peacefully dozing in his lap, Paul mused 
on how to wake him.  First he leaned over and slipped a 
hand into Tim's slacks in order to refasten the panties.  
Then he closed the slacks.  Bringing his hand up, he 
placed it directly over Tim's heart, rubbing the soft cloth 
against Tim and gradually increasing the pressure until 
Tim opened his eyes.

"Going to let me do all the work", Paul teased, "Get your 
butt out of the car and help me unload".  Quick to spot a 
pun, Tim replied, "I thought you had unloaded enough for 
one day already".  Moving quickly up and out of the car he 
easily avoided Paul's half hearted swing at him.

They set up their picnic under a tree with blankets and the 
basket, and were soon consuming the goodies they had 
brought.  It was not what you would call a balanced diet, 
for Paul had chosen food to compliment the sweet desert 
wine, so there was a good deal of cheese, including an 
entire cheese cake.  There was also some fruit and some 
cold cuts.  The boys ate with gusto, alternating bites of food 
with large sips of the rich red wine.

They were well into their repast when they were suddenly 
surprised.

Chapter 11: The Young Warriors

The two young warriors, dressed in pseudo combat 
fatigues and carrying replica M-16s burst from the 
underbrush into the picnic site that Paul and Tim had 
chosen.

For a moment, the two young warriors were confused, 
because with the combination of the longish hair and 
clothes it was difficult for a stranger to tell either Tim's or 
Paul's sex.  Thinking quickly, Paul used a rather high 
pitched voice to invite them over.  After a short 
conversation he invited the boys to have a snack and since 
they were hungry from playing all day, they quickly 
agreed.  He poured each of them a large glass of the 
desert wine and each of then took a small sip.  They stood 
there with quizzical expressions on their faces, but in a bit 
their boyish love of sweets overcame their caution and 
they finished the wine.  To keep them there longer, Tim 
offered them some cheesecake and as they started to eat, 
he suggested that they take small bites to make it last 
longer.  When they were about half way finished, both 
their forks and plates started to waver.  Paul and Tim 
lunged for the plates and got them just as the boys 
collapsed, overcome by the potent wine.  Their heads 
hung forward as  they sat cross legged on the picnic 
blanket.

Tim and Paul each took a boy and a blanket and arranged 
themselves, sitting up with their back against the tree and 
the boy in their lap.  For some time they just sat there, 
listening to the boys breath and enjoying the warmth from 
their bodies.  Then Tim became bolder and lowered his 
arms to his sides.  Unbuttoning the cashmere pants slowly 
on each side, he then slid the boy forward for a moment so 
he could fold the front of the pants down and unbutton his 
panties.  He then put the boy back in his lap, so that the 
boy's crotch was an inch or so above his penis.  He then 
pushed the boy's legs together with his hands so that his 
stiffened penis was clamped between the boy's 
legs.  By increasing and decreasing the pressure on the 
boy's legs he found that he had a gentle but effective 
means of masturbating.  As he masturbated, he removed 
a neckerchief from around they boy's neck, in preparation 
for his impending climax.  At the last instant he opened 
the boy's legs wide and shot his load into the waiting cloth.  
He then rested while he waited for his strength to return.

As Tim rested he started wondering if "his" boy had 
reached puberty yet.  He started by pushing  the big 
plastic buttons through their buttonholes.  After opening 
four of them he had exposed the boy down to the belt line.  
He stroked the boy inside his shirt, but could feel only a 
trace of downy hair on the soft skin on the boy's chest and 
stomach.  Going further, he unbuckled the military web 
belt and started to unbutton the fatigue pants.  In doing so 
he exposed the final button of the fatigue shirt and 
unfastened it also.

Now the boy's torso lay exposed, with only a pair of white 
cotton briefs covering his goal.  He gently grasped each 
side of them and folded them down, exposing the boy's 
private parts.  A gentle physical examination determined 
that yes indeed the boy's testicles had dropped and there 
was definitely some hair forming in the pubic region.  But, 
wanting final confirmation, he took the boy's penis in his 
hand and gently began to manipulate it.  Stopping every 
so often to moisten his hand, he massaged the boy's penis 
until first it was stiff and hard and then it started to ooze 
some pre-cum from the tip.  He then kept the kerchief at 
the ready and as the first spurt appeared he covered the 
head of the penis, to prevent the soiling of either of their 
garments.  Though the boy had been relaxed during most 
of the process, he now started to squirm around a bit and it 
was necessary for Tim to hold him in place with one arm 
while his other hand teased the last drops from the boy's 
throbbing organ.

Then Tim rolled a bit to one side, easing the boy to the 
blanket beside him.  He then buttoned up his panties and 
refastened both sides of the cashmere pants.  He then 
kneeled over the boy and buttoned his fatigues back up to 
protect him from the chill.  He did the shirt first and then 
tucked it in and buttoned the boy's fly.  A spirit of 
mischievousness came over him and he unbuttoned the 
bottom button of the boy's fly, wondering as he did so if 
this would result in the boy having a similar adventure to 
his with Cindy in the woods.

He looked over at Paul, who was lying motionless with his 
boy on top of him just as Tim had been a moment ago.  
Paul had drank a bit more wine than Tim had so that when 
he saw Tim undressing his boy (and guessed correctly 
why), he had only gotten as far as opening the boy's 
clothes and inserting his hand under the boy's jockey 
shorts before deciding to have a nap.  Tim decided to wake 
Paul in an interesting way, so he moved the boy to one side 
and closed the boy's fatigues but did not fasten them.  He 
then started opening Paul's clothes, starting with the 
jacket.  Next he unbuttoned Paul's jumper from the 
bottom up, caressing Paul's legs on the way up.  Then he 
untied the bow on Paul's blouse.  "Just like Christmas", he 
thought as he gently unbuttoned the blouse,  enjoying the 
show as more of Paul's  flesh came into view.  Finally, only 
the panties remained.  He unbuttoned them quickly and 
then bending closer, took Paul's penis in his mouth.  As he 
massaged and sucked it, it became large and rigid in his 
mouth.  Taking as much of it into his mouth as he could he 
continued to stimulate it until he felt the first shot of Paul's 
juice slide down his throat.  He heard a low moan and then 
suddenly Paul was awake.  He grabbed Paul's hips to keep 
him from moving around too much and then waited a few 
seconds for Paul to get his bearings.  When he heard a 
sigh of content, he continued until the last drop was gone.
Then, while Paul basked in the afterglow Tim wondered, "I 
wonder  what it tastes like when it's fresh?".

So he slid over to Paul's young boy and opened his clothes 
and pulled his underpants away from his cock.  He 
performed the same service on the boy that he did on 
Paul, but a bit more gently in order to lessen the chance of 
waking him up.  The boy did move and moan a bit during 
his climax, but the wine was sufficient to keep him asleep 
through the experience.  Tim then tenderly redressed the 
boy and gave him a small kiss on the forehead.

During Tim's desert,  Paul had made himself presentable 
again and they tried to decide what to do next.  Looking at 
the two young boys they thought, if we knew what we know 
now when we were their age, think what we would know 
NOW.  Simultaneously, they said, "Let's take them back 
to the house and educate them".

This ends the first part of the series "Special Friends, in the
beginning", the next part of the series will start with "The Apprentices".

-- 
