				"Special Occasion"                              

				by Mitchell Knight



	Turning sixteen brought about quite a bit of freedom for me. 
It signaled a whole new period in my life as I dropped my
babysitting career and went out to get a job that paid much
better.  While I was going to miss my escapades with Steve, I
realized it was time to move on.

	I found an ad in the newspaper for jobs at the drycleaners that
summer.  They were hiring a number of counter people for a local
chain of stores, and I quickly applied.  I figured that  kind of
job would be pretty easy.  I remembered the many times I'd gone
into those places with my mom and seen the person behind the
counter put down a book and go in back to get the finished
clothes.  I could do that easily.  Plus when school started up
again I figured I'd have plenty of time to do homework while
working.

	The store I went in and picked up an application at had a very
friendly manager.  He quickly introduced himself as Barry Marsh
and gave me an application with a large smile.

	"Just go ahead and fill that out and then bring it back in
here, and I'll set up an appointment for an interview," Barry
told me.

	"Can I just fill it out now?" I asked.

	"Sure, that would be great."

	He gave me another big, warm smile before going into the back
and coming back with a pen.  

	"There you go."

	I sat down in the waiting area and filled it out.  As I did so,
I noticed out of the corner of my eye that Barry was just
standing there at the counter watching me.  At first this made
me nervous, so I looked up quickly, but he looked away.  I
smiled to myself as I went back to work.  He was checking me out!

	After taking my time on the application, since I wanted him to
get a good look, I handed it back over to him.  While he was
looking it over, I let myself get a better look at him.  He had
dark brown hair that was cut short on the sides but left longer
in back.  He had large brown eyes and a dark complexion.  He
looked to be in his mid-twenties and wasn't bad looking, but
certainly not as cute as Steve.  He stood at about six feet with
an average build.  

	"This looks pretty good.  Why don't you step into the back, and
I'll interview you," Barry suggested after he finished reading
my application.

	"Okay."

	We sat down in the back room, and he mostly spent the time
telling me about the job and what I'd be required to do.  I
spread my legs wide for him, and while my basket wasn't all that
visible, I did catch him looking.  I figured I'd use every
method I could to use to get this job.  If this guy thought I
was cute and hired me just because of that, that was fine with
me.  I knew I could do a good job, he just had to give me a
chance.

	"So, does this sound like something you'd be interested in?" he
asked.

	"Yeah," I answered, nodding enthusiastically.

	"Great.  Just let me call your references, and I'll give you a
call in the next couple of days to let you know my decision."

	He shook my hand firmly before I left and held onto it a moment
longer than necessary...



	Needless to say, Barry called me the next day and hired me.  I
would start training in the next Monday.  I wasn't surprised to
find that Barry was the one who would do my training.

	For the next couple of weeks I worked with him during the day. 
I never met any of the part time people who worked nights, but
that was fine with me.  Barry was a really okay guy once I got
to know him.  We found out that we had the same taste in movies,
so we talked a lot about that.  I knew we had one other thing in
common too- our interest in sex with men -but that never came
up.  

	Finally, after I'd been working on my own for a week, Barry
asked me if I'd like to come over to his place that night after
work to watch The Bodyguard.

	"Sure," I answered.

	"Great.  Here, I'll write down my address for you.  It's pretty
easy to find.  I live in an apartment right behind the mall,"
Barry explained, handing over a piece of paper with his address.

	"I'm sure I can find it."

	"I'll see you after work then," Barry said, and he left.

	The four hour shift that I worked until close by myself went
pretty slow.  I didn't have very many customers, so it gave me
plenty of time to read and to wonder whether Barry would finally
try something that night.  I wouldn't mind having sex with the
guy once.  He wasn't that bad looking, and my only regular sex
partner lately was my hand.

	I called my parents just before I locked up to let them know I
was going over to my manager's to watch a movie and that I'd be
home before midnight.  Then I drove over to Barry's apartment
which was easy to find, just like he said.

	I had to knock twice on the door to apartment 104 before Barry
finally opened it up.  He stood there with just a towel wrapped
around his waist.  His chest was still glistening with water and
his hair was all wet and messed up.

	"Sorry," he apologized.  "I guess I lost track of time.  I was
in the shower.  Just hang on, and I'll get dressed.  Make
yourself comfortable."

	I chuckled inside as I realized what an obvious ploy that one
was.  Of course he realized what time it was.  How could he
forget that the guy he'd been lusting after for the past three
weeks was finally coming over to his place?  But I took the
opportunity to look over his chest.  It was obvious he didn't
work out, but the smooth slimness of it was still appealing.  He
was smooth all the way to where the towel met his flesh.  He
didn't have the trail of short hairs that started at the navel
that I found so sexy on guys.

	When he returned he was only wearing a pair of tight jogging
shorts.  The bulge in them was quite obvious, but I went ahead
and checked this out as well.

	"Would you like a soda?" he asked.

	I had to admire him for that.  At least he didn't try the old
ploy of trying to get me drunk or high.  But...didn't he have
air conditioning?  It sure was hot.  I wondered if this was
another intentional trick.

	"Sure, that sounds good."

	He came over to the couch where I was sitting with two sodas
and handed over one.  Then he started the movie.  Halfway
through I was feeling very warm, so I asked if he minded if I
took off my shirt.

	"No, go ahead.  The air conditioning's out.  I've been meaning
to get it fixed."

	I couldn't decide whether he was being honest or not, and I
guess I didn't really care.  I went ahead and took off my shirt
and knew he snuck glances at my smooth torso all throughout the
rest of the movie.

	As he was rewinding it, he turned to me and asked, "Would you
like a tour of my apartment?"

	"Sure," I answered, shrugging.

	"It's not really anything to look at, but--"

	"I can't wait to see how my rich manager lives," I interrupted,
grinning.

	He chuckled.  "Yeah, rich.  That's me alright."

	He showed me around the cramped place, and then we moved into
his bedroom.  I was puzzled to find the mattress for the bed
laying out in the middle of the floor.  There was what looked
like a plastic sheet wrapped all around it.

	"What's that for?" I asked.

	Barry grinned nervously.  I could see the left corner of his
mouth twitch as he tried to hold the casual smile.

	"That's for special occasions."

	And then suddenly his hand was sliding over my ass.  It took me
completely by surprise since I didn't think he'd be that daring,
but I went ahead and encouraged it by backing up into his hand.

	"Is this a special occasion?" I whispered.

	"I'd like it to be."

	I was still confused about why he would have his mattress in
the middle of the floor with that strange plastic-like material
covering it, but I looked forward to getting the answer.  Barry
pressed himself up against my back, and I could feel his
erection against my lower back.  His hands came slid around to
my front and slowly undid the button of my pants.  Then came my
zipper.

	He pushed my pants down, and I kicked off my shoes to step out
of them.  His hands caressed my erection through my white jockey
shorts.  Then he came around to kneel before me.  His hands slid
up and down my hairy legs before they slid up under my briefs to
cup my cheeks.

	"You are so sexy," he breathed.

	He ran a hand over my chest while the other fondled my
erection.  Then he peeled off my underwear.  He kissed the head
of my cock lightly.

	"Sit down," he said, pointing to the mattress.

	I sat down on the edge of it and he slowly pulled off my socks.
Then he shed his shorts and jock strap.  I reached out to stroke
his erection which was about the same size as mine.  He had a
full pubic bush of dark curly hairs.  I lightly stroked this too.

	Then Barry got on the bed beside me and grabbed a bottle of oil
laying beside him.  Uncapping it, he poured a generous amount
into his palm.  This he rubbed slowly across my chest and down
my side.

	"What--?"

	"Shh.  You'll understand soon," he whispered.

	I laid back and enjoyed the way his eyes made love to my body. 
His warm hands felt good as they caressed every part of me,
front and back, with the oil.  He saved my cock for last,
teasing it with his slippery hands as he stroked it slowly up
and down.    Then he started spreading the oil over his own body.

	"Do my back," he urged once he'd reached every place he could.

	I took the oil from him and squirted it all over his back
before going back and slowly rubbing it in.  I rubbed more in
his ass and quickly fingered his hole before capping the bottle
and putting it back on the floor beside the mattress.

	Barry rolled over and pulled me on top of him.  His hands
clenched my slippery ass and forced me in tight against his
slippery body.  Then he started lifting his hips and rocking
underneath me.

	"Oh!" I exclaimed in pleasure and understanding as I matched
his thrusts.

	He slid me all over his body, showing me new regions of
pleasure I'd never discovered before: armpits, between his pecs,
between his thighs, his back.  There didn't seem to be an area
on his body that couldn't bring my dick pleasure as I rubbed
against it.  

	After a while though, the situation became quite frustrating. 
He'd show me a new area and just when I'd get going and be ready
to come, he'd pull me away and start all over again.  I could
tell he was enjoying this torture.

	Finally we were back in our original position, our aching cocks
straining against each other as we rocked against each other
with our legs entwined.  He slipped a finger a little ways up my
ass and then I was finally spewing my anxious load all over our
already slippery bodies.  With a couple more thrusts against me,
he came as well and our semen mingled on our torsos.

	"Wow, that was a great special occasion," I whispered/



The End
