Archive-name: Changes/specfrn2.txt
Archive-author: The Armor Plated Wombat
Archive-title: Two Special Friends - 2 - The Apprentices


Copyright 1992, The Armor Plated Wombat . All rights reserved. License is 
hereby granted to republish on electronic media for which no fees are 
charged (except for the media used), so long as the text of this copyright 
notice and license are attached intact to any and all republished portion or 
portions.


Chapter 1: Massage for You

The stairs were dimly lit by footlamps and so while the two people 
descending could see their way clearly, all an observer would have seen was 
two shrouded figures, each carrying a large bundle.

At the bottom of the stairs  one of the whistled, and as the sound activated 
light switch triggered, the basement was bathed in a warm glow.  This 
revealed Paul and Tim dressed in robes, each of them carrying a sleeping 
young boy wrapped in a blanket.  Moving swiftly, the deposited each boy on 
a massage table located in a small glass walled room near the stairs.  The 
boys lay face up on the tables and as the blankets were unfolded, their play 
army fatigue uniforms were revealed.  Both Paul and Tim moved in unison 
as the began to strip the boys.  First the pants were unbuttoned and then 
pulled down to the boy's ankles.  After their boots and socks  were 
removed, the pants came off also. Gently unbuttoning the fatigue shirts, 
both Paul and Tim stopped for a moment to gaze at the boy's beautiful 
bodies. Then they slowly turned the boys onto their stomachs.  From this 
position they finished removing the boy's shirts.  They then removed the 
boy's jockey shorts.

Chapter 2:  Oils well that Ends Well

Gathering up the clothes, Paul carried them off to the laundry room to get 
them clean.  As he left, Tim explored the unfamiliar surroundings.  Finding a 
number of bottles, cloths, and massage aids, he decided to clean the boys as 
well.  Preparing a mixture of warm water and rubbing alcohol, he soaked a 
cloth in it and began to wash.  Stopping every so often to rinse the cloth, he 
quickly cleaned each boy all over, paying special attention to each boy's 
underarms, genitals, and buttocks.  The cleaning was effective, but the 
alcohol removed more of the skin oil than Tim had expected, leaving the 
boy's skin a little dry.  Looking among the bottles, he found a bottle of oil.  
Once opened, the oil emitted a slight strawberry-vanilla aroma.  Switching 
on a heat lamp and directing it at one boy's back, he poured some oil into 
his hands and warmed it under the lamp.  He then rubbed it into the 
boy's skin with firm but gentle strokes.  After the boy's back was 
oiled, Tim proceeded to oil the boy's buttocks.  After he did each half, he 
gently ran his oiled fingers down the crack.  When his fingers reached the 
anus, he gave a gentle push in order to see how much resistance there was to 
his attempted entry.  He had only penetrated about a quarter inch before the 
boy began to move a bit in response to the pressure.  Tim quickly withdrew 
his finger and continued down the crack, lubricating the tender skin with the 
fragrant oil.

Paul returned to his boy and seeing what Tim was doing, he quickly followed 
suit.  Gently they rubbed the fragrant oil into each boy's skin.  This 
continued for some time, until...

Chapter  3: The Awakening

Robbie first became aware that he was awake when he saw the red light 
filtering in through his closed eyelids.  He didn't want to move yet, so he 
sleepily took stock of his situation.   He could smell the  pleasant scent of 
vanilla and strawberries and a gentle heat was bathing his body from neck to 
crotch.  Just then, he felt two warm slippery hands begin to fondle his 
genitals.  Normally this would send any young boy through the roof, but the 
surroundings were so relaxing and the touch so gentle that he murmured, 
'"Nice", and pushed his groin up to increase the pressure on his 
penis. Shortly after his response he felt a gentle kiss on the tip of
his penis, followed by a similar kiss on his lips.  Deciding to see what
was going on, Robbie opened his eyes and saw Paul's smiling face looking
at him.

Chapter 4: Putting on the Ritz 

"Welcome sleepy head, how are you feeling?", Paul questioned. The 
boy just smiled and stretched a bit.  Paul told him to just relax and after 
covering him with the blanket he went to the storeroom.  Inside, he found the 
boxes which contained the best clothes that he had outgrown over the years 
and that his mother had saved in case they had another boy.  Opening one 
marked "sports", he rummaged through it until he found his old 
Little League uniform.  Custom made for the championship game out of an 
expensive wool-cotton blend cloth, he marveled at its softness as he held it in 
his hands.  It looked like it would fit, so he returned with it to the massage 
room.

He gently coaxed Robbie into a sitting position, with his legs dangling over 
the edge of the table.  Moving around back, he slid the baseball shirt up 
Robbie's arms.  The shirt lay on his shoulders, open at the front.  Paul 
moved around front and then couldn't resist hugging the boy with his 
arms going under the shirt around the boy's back.  The boy returned his 
hug with surprising strength and nestled his head on Paul's shoulder.  
They hugged for some time and then slowly let go.  Paul then buttoned the 
boy's shirt and stood back to critique the fit.

Tim had not been idle either.  He had gone to the storeroom shortly after 
Paul and found Paul's old Cub Scout uniform.   Like the baseball uniform 
it was custom made of the same type of fabric.  Both uniforms had button fly 
pants, since Paul's mother distrusted zippers.

Putting the uniform aside, he picked up a set of fur pads and began to rub his 
boy on the chest with one hand and around the groin with the other hand.  
The boy began to move around a bit and Tim continued the treatment until 
the boy's eyes opened.  Because he felt so good he was without fear, and 
gazed curiously at Tim.  Tim tousled  the boy's hair and then helped him 
sit up.  Moving around to the boy's back he put the boy's arms into 
the shirt sleeves and tugged the shirt on.  He then went to put the pants on 
and remembered that the boy's underwear was still in the wash.  Feeling 
the soft cloth of which the pants were made, he decided that  the underwear 
wasn't really necessary and slid the pants up the boy's legs.  The boy 
raised himself up a bit and Tim slid the pants over his buttocks.   As Tim 
buttoned and tucked in the boy's shirt tails, he pressed the cloth against 
the boy's skin.  As he tucked his way to the front, he arranged each shirt 
tail so that its edge touched the boy's penis at the base.  Softly rubbing 
the cloth against the sensitive skin, he was rewarded with a smile.  While he 
was buttoning the boy's fly he said, "What's  your name 
kid?".   "Tommy", the boy replied as he smiled at Tim.  Tim 
placed the neckerchief around the boy's neck and fastened it with the 
slide.  He then helped the boy off the table and they moved over next to Paul.

By this time Paul had also finished dressing Robbie.  He and the kid stood 
side by side with Paul's hand inside the neck opening of the boy's 
baseball shirt, stroking his shoulder.  Tim and Tommy stood facing them and 
Tim stroked the back of Tommy's neck.  As Paul and Tim looked at each 
other, a look passed between them.  The couldn't believe that they had 
lucked upon two lovely and cooperative young apprentices.  Actually, it 
wasn't hard to understand once you knew that both boys were from a 
foster home where the parents did not believe in touching to show affection.  
Both boys were starving for physical contact and would take all that Paul 
and Tim had to offer.

Chapter 5: Showtime

The group ambled into the entertainment room, where the scene was 
dominated by a wide screen TV.  There were four reclining chairs facing the 
screen.  Paul and Tim each chose a chair and opened their robes before 
sitting down.  They were naked underneath.  Each of then had his boy climb 
on top, with his head resting somewhat below the shoulder and the boy's 
posterior resting on the upper pelvis.  Paul switched on a cheap SF movie, 
but kept the sound low, since nobody was really interested.  To keep the boys 
amused, Paul and Tim began to ritualistically undress them.   Starting from 
the top the would unbutton a shirt button, and then explore as much of the 
boy's skin as they could reasonably reach.  They would tweak the 
boy's nipples and draw circles with a finger around their belly buttons.  
When they reached the boy's pants, each fly button would be opened and 
the newly exposed pubic area rubbed and gently scratched.  When the boy 
was completely unbuttoned, the base of his penis, his crotch, and the bottom 
of the crack of his ass received similar treatment until he had a full
erection.  Not wanting to climax the boy now, they would then slowly dress
the boy again and wait for the erection to subside before they began again.
Each cycle took about twenty minutes and so they had time for six cycles
before the movie was over.

Chapter 6:  Goodnight Sweet Princes

Finally, everyone was tired and it was time for bed.  There was a problem 
finding pajamas for the two young guests, since there were none among the 
clothes that Paul's mother had saved.  While Tim was opening the scout 
uniform shirt he took the time to tickle and caress the boy's chest and 
stomach.  Then he pushed the boy back into a reclining position on the bed 
and unbuttoned his pants, exposing his young penis.  Only a few strokes 
were necessary to bring it to full rigidity.  Looking Tommy straight in the
eye,  Tim stated, "We can't let you go to bed like this, it might go off 
accidentally".  He then bent down and placed the boy's penis in his 
mouth, and with a gentle suction and a little tongue action, he climaxed the 
boy and was rewarded with a bedtime snack.

After they were done, Tommy lay on the bed, totally relaxed.  Tim removed 
Tommy's clothes and picked up the  heavy silk short sleeve shirt that 
Paul had placed on the bed.  While it was very tight on Paul (which allowed 
him to show off his physique), it made a roomy night shirt for Tommy.  Tim 
buttoned it up but left the part of the shirt covering Tommy's genitals 
open.   He then turned down the bed covers on his side of the bed, picked 
Tommy up and placed him in the bed.  Slipping off his robe and getting in 
beside him, he pillowed Tommy's head on one arm and placed his other 
hand on Tommy's buttocks, under the shirt tails.  While he gently 
fingered the crack in Tommy's ass, they both fell asleep.

Meanwhile , Paul has opted for a simpler solution to Robbie's nighttime 
attire.  He unfastened the boy's pants and removed them,  so the boy 
could sleep in just the baseball shirt.  He then removed his robe and donned a 
pair of light blue silk pajamas.  Leaving the coat unfastened, he turned to see 
that Robbie was already in bed.  Getting in beside him, Paul unbuttoned the 
boy's shirt so that their chests could touch.  Kissing the boy on the 
forehead, he drew him in tighter with an arm placed protectively around the 
boy.  With a contented sigh they both fell asleep.

Chapter  7: Perchance to dream

Paul awoke sometime later and found both of the boy's legs wrapped 
around one of his and the boy holding onto him tightly as well.  A protruding 
rod poked its way into his stomach and the slickness which he felt as it 
moved around told Paul what was going on.  Moving tenderly he 
disentangled himself from the boy's embrace and then threw back the 
covers.  He refastened the boy's shirt to replace the warmth that the 
blanket had provided and then slid down toward the foot of the bed.  Feeling 
his way he soon was next to the boys engorged organ, and a few drops of 
precum coated his cheek.   Taking the boy's penis in his mouth, he gently 
began to tease the tip of it with his tongue.  He then placed the rest of the 
boy's rod in his mouth and moved up and down it.   As he did so he 
varied the pressure with his lips and used his tongue to sweep around, 
providing the maximum arousal possible.

The first shot of juice caught him by surprise and he had to swallow hastily.  
However there was more to come (so to speak) and as each shot went down 
his throat he relished the feel and taste.  After seven shots the boy stopped 
and after a little more effort Paul ceased his activity.  He moved back up until 
his head was even with the boy's and kissed his lips.  To his surprise, the 
boy opened his eyes and looked at him sleepily.  "Pleasant dreams?", 
Paul teased. The boy nodded slowly and closed his eyes.  Paul kissed him 
again and this time put his tongue through in order to rub against the 
boy's teeth.  The boy opened his mouth and Paul's tongue went 
deeper.  The boy sleepily sucked on Paul's tongue, enjoying the taste of 
his own juice that was left in Paul's mouth.  They went to sleep this way 
and it was some time before Paul's tongue made its way back into his 
own mouth.

Chapter  8: Breakfast in Bed

In the morning the two young boys were up shortly before Paul and Tim 
were awakened by their whispering and laughter.  Tim glanced at them and 
jokingly threatened, "There are two young boys that will get NO 
breakfast if they don't get ready for a shower IMMEDIATLY".  As 
the boys disrobed, Paul also removed his pajamas and soon all there was to 
be seen was smooth skin.  In addition there were two monstrous erections, 
since Paul and Tim had been without relief all night.  As Tim strolled to the 
bathroom he made the remark, "I'd like hot buttered buns for 
breakfast, how about you Paul?".  Paul was a little puzzled until Tim 
returned with two towels and a bottle of baby oil.  Spreading the towels on 
the bed next to each other, he patted the towels as he looked at the boys.  
Quick to catch on, each boy got on a towel and lay face down, cradling his 
head in his arms.  Tim applied a light coating of baby oil to each boy's 
bottom, paying special attention to the crack.  Both Tim and Paul mounted 
their boy and placed their penises so that they lay in the crack.  Fearing that 
any attempt at penetration would hurt their young friends, they contented 
themselves with rubbing their penises up and down the crack.  This had the 
side effect of pressing the boy's genitalia into the towel and rubbing 
them a bit.  Under this stimulation both boys had another erection.  
Meanwhile, Paul and Tim rubbed and pressed themselves until they reached 
climax.  Holding their bodies close to the boys, they jetted stream after 
stream onto the boys back and their chest.  When they were finally spent they 
flipped the boys over and immediately noticed their erections.  Paul 
remarked, "Sausage is good for breakfast" and both he and Tim  
teased and sucked the young boys penises until they climaxed as well.

Chapter  9: Singing in the Rain

Paul stood up and picked up Robbie and they both went into the bathroom.  
Paul hit the shower control and the infrared lights came on and the shower 
started to adjust itself to Paul's preset body temperature.  When the 
shower chimed to signal the temperature had been reached, Paul entered 
still carrying the boy and set him down.  He gave himself and the boy a quick 
once over and then shut off the water, knowing that the lights would keep 
them warm.  He then got a handful of shower gel and started to wash the 
boy.  He worked the gel into a lather, starting at the neck and working his 
way down.  To compensate for all the "work" they had been doing, 
Paul paid extra attention to the boy's buttocks and groin.  When the boy 
was all soapy, he suddenly grabbed Paul in an embrace around the neck.  On 
a sudden impulse, Paul put one hand under the boy's buttocks and the 
other arm around the boy's back.  Picking the boy up he triggered the 
shower control with the back of his arm and held him close as water from the 
multiple jets cascaded on them.  Paul stood there holding the boy for some 
time, each of them oblivious of everything except for the close presence of 
the other.

Eventually they were roused from their reverie by a knock on the shower 
door.  "Coast Guard", Tim joshed, "Heave too, we are going to 
board you".  Paul put he boy down and made sure the last traces of soap 
were off both of them.  He then shut off the shower, opened the door and 
stepped out with his boy.  With a wink from Tim, he and Tommy went into 
the shower and closed the door.  Paul grabbed a towel and began to dry 
Robbie.  When he was finished, he dried himself.  He then took a fresh towel 
and wrapped it around Robbie before leaving the bathroom.

Chapter 10: What to Wear

They proceeded to the basement, in order to find new clothes for the boy.  
Rummaging through the boxes, Paul came across a jumpsuit and pulled it 
out.  It was a lustrous black and the cloth was a rich blend of fine wool and 
silk.  It had a button front, with sixteen exposed buttons from neck to waist.  
At the waist there was a self belt with a seatbelt like clasp.  Below the belt 
was a hidden five button fly.  Laying under the jumpsuit was another 
garment.  It had short sleeves and legs and a button and loop closure 
running from the crotch to the vee neck.  As Paul handled the silky garment 
he remembered that he use to wear it under the jumpsuit.  Suddenly he 
remembered that this outfit was one of his mother's favorites and that 
she had always kept one in his wardrobe.  Paul wondered if his mother was 
still keeping up this tradition, so he decided to dress Robbie and then check 
his own wardrobe for a matching outfit.

He helped Robbie slip into the soft undersuit.  As he adjusted the fit and the 
cloth rubbed against the boy's penis and sack, an erection began to grow.  
Paul stopped fastening the fly and after kissing his fingers, used them to push 
the boy's emerging penis back inside.  "Not now little 
playmate", he chuckled, "get some rest".  He finished buttoning 
the undersuit and then ran his hands all over the boy, smoothing the fabric 
into place.  The boy gave a little shiver of pleasure and then stretched a bit.  
Paul then helped the boy into the jumpsuit and fasten the fly and belt.  He 
then continued to button the jumpsuit until only three inches of the white 
undersuit were exposed.  Then he fastened the two buttons on each of the 
wrist and ankle cuffs.  Helping Robbie on with a pair of shiny black boots 
completed the outfit.  Realizing that they might go out later, Paul found a 
waist length military style jacket for Robbie, which was very similar in style 
to his mother's jacket, which he had been wearing the day before.  This 
jacket was dark blue and had snaps instead of buttons,  but other than that 
it's style was very similar to his Mom's jacket.

Paul decided that it was about time he got dressed, so he turned around, 
kneeled down and bent forward and patted his rump expectantly.  He was 
quickly rewarded by two arms wrapped around his neck and two legs 
pressed against his side as the boy climbed on his back for a ride.  Carrying 
the boy up the stairs, Paul was constantly aware of the boy's jumpsuit 
rubbing against his skin.  The soft caress of the fabric and the sharper 
sensation provided by the smooth buttons and belt buckle rubbing against his 
skin was a real turn-on.  He could also feel the boy's cheek against his 
back, with the boy's warm breath and soft hair both providing additional 
stimulation. 

Arriving back at the bedroom, he deposited the boy on the bed and went to 
his rather large closet.  Checking the corners where he didn't usually 
look, he found a copy of the boy's outfit, including the jacket and 
undersuit.  Placing the garments on the bed he turned to the boy and said, 
"Want to help me get dressed?", then he sat on the bed.  The boy 
immediately went to the clothes and picked up the undersuit.  Kneeling, he 
slipped it over  Paul's legs and with some help from Paul got it up to 
where it covered Paul's rear.  He then helped Paul to slip the rest of the 
way into it.  As the boy started to button the undersuit, he stopped to 
examine Paul's erect penis.  As he fondled it, Paul had to resist with all 
his will to prevent from climaxing immediately.  "Not now", he 
admonished gently, "later".  The boy continued fastening the 
undersuit until all twenty buttons were done.  He then helped Paul get into 
the jumpsuit and proceeded to fasten it until the proportion of exposed 
undersuit was the same as the boy's.  He then waited expectantly, and 
Paul dropped to his knees, gave the boy a big hug and then a small swat on 
the bottom.  "Stay out of trouble while I check on Tim and Tommy", 
Paul suggested.  The boy went off to watch some TV in the corner of the 
room.

Just then Tim emerged from the bathroom.  He was carrying a bundle 
wrapped completely in a large and fluffy white towel.  The bundle didn't 
move except for occasional giggles which started and then stopped 
suddenly.  "Look what I found", said Tim  as he deposited the bundle 
on the bed.  Unwrapping the bundle carefully, Tim exposed a grinning boy, 
trying rather unsuccessfully to play dead.  Tim grabbed a corner of the towel 
and began to remove some remaining droplets of moisture from the 
boy's skin.  Once the boy was dry, he began to rub the towel very gently 
against the boy's scrotum.   The boy opened his eyes and smiled.  Tim 
asked Paul to take over and went to the basement to find some new clothes 
for the boy.

Looking through the boxes he was intrigued to find a large package carefully 
wrapped in cloth.  Unwrapping it he found a leather outfit, carefully packed 
so that it would not crease while in storage.  There was a soft leather shirt 
and a pair of leather jeans with a snap fly.  There was also a leather jacket 
which had a line of fringe running around at chest level and five horn toggle 
buttons to close it.  Looking for underwear in the boxes, he found another 
undersuit and decided that this would do just fine.  Grabbing a pair of 
cowboy boots from a box, he returned to the bedroom with his booty.

Chapter 11: The Boys are Tested

Back in the bedroom, Tim saw Paul watching proudly as Tommy lay back on 
the bed with his eyes closed and Robbie skillfully stroked and teased 
Tommy's penis.  Tommy was obviously close to climaxing and Paul 
stepped in to provide a washcloth to catch the emission.  As Tommy 
ejaculated into the cloth, Robbie switched to a gentler technique which 
helped to prolong the experience.  Smiling, Paul said, "I thought I would 
give them a test and I think they deserve an A+".  Drawing Robbie to his 
side, Paul started to pet him as a reward.

Tim went over to Tommy and after rubbing his chest playfully, he bent down 
and placed the boy's penis in his mouth, intending to finish the 
ejaculation if necessary and clean off the penis.  He sucked very gently and 
got a few small spurts.  Drying the boy's organ with a towel, he 
prepared to dress him.  Slipping the undersuit on he fastened it quickly, 
watching the boy's eyes and enjoying his evident pleasure as the suit 
hugged his body in its warm embrace.  He then slipped the leather shirt on 
and fastened the little bone buttons, stopping when only a hint of the 
undersuit could be seen.  Pulling the leather jeans onto the boy, he carefully 
snapped the fly and was pleased to see that the mild pressure exerted by the 
leather enhanced the bulge of the boy's endowment.  The jacket would 
wait until they were outside, so Tim now started to look for his own attire.  
He looked through Paul's closet and though there were many  beautiful 
clothes there, nothing seemed quite right.  He wandered out of the room and 
without realizing it was on his way to Paul's parents bedroom and 
Mom's closet.

Chapter 11: I Feel Pretty and Witty and Gay

Realizing that they would be going out among other people this time, he was 
extremely careful in choosing what he would wear.  He found a bra and 
some foam rubber falsies (since Paul's mother was not large) and after 
deciding on another pair of the button front panties with white hose and 
garters, he looked for the appropriate outer garments.

Knowing from his study of anatomy (he wanted to be a doctor) that the 
prominence of the Adams apple was a sign of masculinity, he chose a soft 
wool knit turtleneck.  It was peach colored and also a bit fuzzy.  There were 
matching buttons running from the end of the turtleneck to the bottom hem 
in order to make it easy to get on and off.  He also chose a soft grey skirt
with built in suspenders.  The skirt had a full button front and a hemline
six inches from the ground, since Tim was not sure his legs looked feminine
enough.

He completed the outfit with a cashmere cardigan with a grey and white 
diamond pattern and an eight pearl button closure.  He buttoned the 
cardigan half way up, and then unbuttoned the button on the very tip of the 
turtleneck, which allowed the collar to spread a little.  He then selected some 
sensible shoes and a matching purse, and the look was almost complete.

He found a light brown wig of shoulder length to match the ensemble and 
then applied a little makeup, relying on his experience as an amateur 
thespian.   After he was done he stopped for a last minute look in the full 
length mirror.  Bending down, he unbuttoned the bottom two buttons on the 
skirt, allowing a bit more leg to show. 

Tim didn't just enter Paul's bedroom, he made an entrance. As he 
swished into the room he noticed the two boys were on the bed.  Robbie's 
jumpsuit and undersuit were open from neck to crotch and Tommy was 
giving an oral thank you for the gratification he had received from Robbie a 
few moments before.  Paul coached a bit from the sidelines and alterantly 
petted each boy, Robbie on his exposed chest and stomach and Tommy on his 
leather covered back. 

Chapter 12: Sneak Attack

In his best "motherly" voice, Tim exclaimed, "What are you two 
boys DOING?".  In a flash, Tommy stopped and sat erect, Robbie's 
erection disappeared, and Paul whirled around to gaze in shock at Tim.  
Shock changed to wonder as Paul slowly realized who was standing there.  
"Tim", he said hesitantly, "is that you?".  Tim just nodded 
and smiled.

The two young boy's rushed over to Tim as he knelt to hug them.  
Holding them tightly, he crushed them against his "breasts".  One 
they were released, Tommy stared with amazement at the chest he thought 
he knew.  Taking matters into his own hands, he started to unbutton the 
turtleneck until the bra was exposed.  Running his hands over the satiny 
fabric, his fingers explored the edge and felt a trace of foam rubber.  Spying 
the front snap, he unsnapped the bra and the two cups came forward and the 
foam rubber falsies came out.  "Had you fooled, did I", Tim said as 
he readjusted his bra and refastened the turtleneck.

Paul suggested that they go to the State fair and everyone agreed.  He 
grabbed his and the boy's jackets and they all proceeded downstairs with 
Robbie refastening his clothes as they went.

As Tim was looking through the front closet for a suitable coat, Paul 
appeared with a beautiful button front Icelandic wool cape.  He explained 
that it was a Christmas present for Mom, but that it wouldn't hurt to try 
it out to see if it was warm enough for this climate.  Tim put on the cape and 
left it open. 

Chapter 14: To the State Fair

In the garage. Paul donned and fasten his jacket and then put Robbie's 
on him.  Tim helped Tommy into the buckskin jacket.  They then got in the car 
with Paul in front and Tim in back, each with their boy.  As Paul pulled out 
onto the road, everyone got comfortable.  Soon Robbie was lying with his 
head in Paul's lap and Paul opened Robbie's clothes so that he could 
give him a massage.  It was cooler in back, out of the sun coming through the 
windshield, so Tim placed Tommy in his lap and buttoned the cape over them 
both, until only Tommy's head showed.  He then opened the boy's 
shirt and unsnapped the jeans and pulled them down a little.  Opening the 
boy's undersuit fully, he then brought one arm out through its arm slit so 
that he could press the soft wool against the boy's flesh.  The boy 
snuggled closer and was soon fast asleep.

When they arrived at the fair, Paul pulled to the side of the road so that 
everyone could make themselves presentable before they parked and joined 
the crowd.  Then Paul drove into the parking lot and stopped.  Playing the 
perfect husband, he opened the rear door and said, "Tammy, we're 
here".  Tim responded to his new name and stepped out of the car.  He 
stumbled a bit in the unfamiliar shoes and Paul caught him.  As they stood 
with their faces only inches apart, Paul suddenly and forcefully kissed 
Tammy.  His hands dropped to the skirt waistband and he unbuttoned its 
two buttons.  His hands then moved behind Tammy and went under the 
suspenders.  He hiked up the turtleneck hem and ran his hands along the 
smooth panty fabric covering Tammy's behind.  Tammy responded by 
kissing back hard and running her hands along the crack of Paul's ass, 
outside of his clothing.  After a minute they parted, a little embarrassed but 
also very pleased.  They gathered the kids and went to buy their tickets.

As Paul paid for the tickets, a familiar face came out of a small shed set up 
behind the table.  "Hi Paul",  Cindy said, "Who are your 
friends?".  Paul shot a quick look of concern at Tammy, what were the 
going to do now?

This ends this episode of "Two Special Friends, The Apprentices".  
Stay tuned for the next episode, "Two Special Friends, At the Fair".
-- 
