	THE SPEEDING TICKET
	       By Ann Douglas

 
	"Shit"  Janet cursed as she noticed the flashing
red lights in her corvette's rear view mirror.  Eight
o'clock on a Sunday morning, not a car on the road,
and some dumb ass highway patrolman had to clock
her doing better than 80.       
	"I'm fucked!" she thought as she pulled the car
over to the side in response to a quick burst of the
police cruiser's siren.  "One more moving violation and
there goes my license."
	If only she had left school last night when she
was supposed to, then she would've had no problem
making it to her parents house for Sunday Brunch.  But
no, she had to go to the party at the Alpha Deta House
and get ripped. She had awaked about 6:30 A.M. with
both a frat boy laying next to her in bed and a colossal
headache.  She'd quickly showered and dressed, hoping
to make up time on the road to avoid another of her
father's lectures.  A lecture about family responsibilities
would be nothing now.  If she got her license
suspended again, he'd promise to take away the car
she'd gotten for High School Graduation last year.
	As she watched the state trooper exit the
cruiser, a more terrifying thought ran through her. 
What if he ran a breath test on her, with all she had to
drink last night she might not be able to pass.  That
would get her license more than suspended.  She had to
get out of this ticket. 
	Janet ignored the Trooper's approach and
quickly moved to the glove compartment for her
papers, determined to be the very model of cooperation
and sweetness.
	"License please, young lady."  said a deep
masculine voice.
	With a bright smile on her face, Janet turned to
face the Officer,  papers in hand.  Her mouth dropped
open when she got her first good look at him.  Behind
the mirrored sunglasses and tan uniforms was a tall,
muscular black man - dark as the midnight sky.
	"Do you know how fast you were going....." 
He said as he looked at the license  " Miss Rabinowitz" 
he read off the license.
	"Too fast I guess..." Janet said in her most
apologetic voice. "I guess with no one else on the road
it's too easy to push it a little too hard."
	In return all she got was a little grunt as he
examined her papers.  She continued to smile pushing
her big tits into view to try and distract him from the
possibility that she might've been drinking.
	"Any reason why I shouldn't give you a ticket?
the Trooper  asked.
	Janet looked up at him and smiled.  
	"Maybe because you've got a big heart?"  She
suggested.
	"Did you say a big hard?"  He grinned, his white
teeth forming a wide smile.
	"Maybe,"  Janet grinned back, encouraged that
she might be able to work her way out of the ticket
after all.
	"Young lady,"  The Trooper chuckled. "Are
you trying to corrupt  a Police Officer?"
	"I'd sure as hell like to give it a try."  She
purred.
	With that she reached out the window and
traced the outline of his cock through his snug uniform
trousers.  As she did, she ran her wet tongue across her
red lips, giving no doubt as to her offer. After stroking
it a few times, she could feel it growing harder.
	"Well I'd really like to accommodate you,"  He
said as she cupped his balls.  "But I'm going to have to
run your license through the computer first, just to be
sure."
	"Damn..."  Janet screamed in her mind as the
Trooper walked back to the Police Car.  "One look at
my record and my driving days are history."
	After a few minutes of sitting in the front seat of
his cruiser and working the small computer terminal
inside, the Trooper returned .
	"Looks like you have some good luck this
morning after all," He said with a broad smile.  "The
computer's down and I couldn't run your license."
	"Oh that's too bad,"  Janet gushed as she could
feel his eyes fixed on the deep crevice between her
breasts.
	"So I guess I have to assume that your records
clean and proceed accordingly.  In a first time offense
like this, its the Officer's discretion as to whether he
issues a ticket or a warning."
	"Oh really...."  Janet asked.
	"So maybe we should pull off the main road a
little and we can discuss it better."  He said, indicating a
small side road about a thousand yards ahead.
	"Lead on."  Janet replied happily.

	Less than a minute later both cars were safety
hidden  from the view of the main road by a large
clump of trees.  Janet quickly met the Trooper as he
exited his cruiser and before he could say a world, she
had pulled down his zipper and pulled out his large
black cock.
	"Christ.....its so big!"  Janet exclaimed as she
pulled it free. "It must be almost 9 inches."
	"More than you can handle little white girl?" 
He asked sarcastically.
	"The cock I can't handle doesn't exist..."  Janet
said confidently as she dropped to her knees and licked
the head of his cock.  "By the way, what's your name?"
	"Jerry," came the answer.
	"Well get a good grip on that car, Jerry, cause
I'm going to blow a lot more than your mind."
	
	Jerry leaned back against the car as the warm
wetness of Janet's mouth engulfed his cock, taking in
six of his nine inches.  Her hand reached up beneath the
dark shaft and cupped his balls, each the size of an
small plum.  With each slurping thrust, she tried to take
a little more of his massive rod inside her mouth.  If
was the first black cock she had ever sucked, but she
knew right now it wouldn't be the last.  
	"You got a hot mouth, girl." The Trooper said
as he matched Janet's rhythm and began to face fuck
her.  
	"Hmmmm" was all the answer she could
manage as he drove his cock into her throat.
	He cupped his large dark hands behind her long
blonde hair as he thrusted again and again, until Janet's
mouth began to hurt with the pounding.  
	"Damn you rich white bitches are fine
cocksuckers."
 Jerry said as she pulled his hard tool from her mouth. 
"Now I want a piece of that white pussy."
	Janet had originally only planned to give the
Officer a quick blowjob to get out of the ticket.   A few
minutes sucking on that massive rod quickly changed
that. She had to have that black cock inside her.
	"Give it to me,"  She said as she changed places
against the car.  "Fill my hot pussy with that big black
cock!"
	Without effort, Jerry lifted her onto the hood of
the car and lifted her skirt.  He just pushed her panties
aside and rammed his cock inside her.   Janet gasped at
the sudden entry.  As quick as he had entered her, he
withdrew and then repeated his thrust.  He grabbed the
cheeks of her ass and began to frantically pump her.
	"Oh God.....oh God....oh God....." Janet panted
as again and again the dark pole filled her white cunt. 
Jerry was forceful to the point of being a little brutal,
and Janet was loving it.  So different from those wimpy
college boys.
	Jerry reached up and pulled open her blouse,
exposing her bra-less breasts.  His mouth quickly
closed on them, biting hard down on the nipples.  And
still his thrusts quickened.  The more excited he got the
fast he pumped.
Each stroke was now enough to lift her off the hood of
the patrol car.
	Janet was in heaven, she had never been fucked
so good.  Small shudders pulsed within her, heralding
the awesome climax she knew she would soon reach.
	Suddenly, after a few more powerful strokes,
Jerry abruptly withdrew from her.  He reached up and
pulled her off the hood.
	"What the fuck did you stop for...."  Janet cried
out, "I was almost ready to cum."
	"Not yet bitch,"  The powerful black man said
as she spun her around and flattened her against the
police car door in what was universally known in police
circles as "assuming the position.  "There's still one hole
I haven't tried yet."
	"Oh no...." Janet snapped.  "Nothing goes up
my ass, I don't do that greek shit."
	"You'll do it this time, cunt."  Jack said as he
reached down and placed the pussy-cum soaked head
of his cock against her tiny asshole. "You see I lied
before when I said the computer was down.  I saw your
record, one more speeding conviction and you can kiss that 
pretty car over there goodbye.  Little Miss Rabinowitz will be
taking the bus."
	"Shit..."  Janet thought, "She was trapped.'
	Without warning, Jerry entered her virgin hole. 
The cum from her pussy helped as a lubricant but it still
hurt like hell.  Fire filled her bottom as he shoved all
nine inches inside her.  Then he began to repeat the
rhythm of earlier and with each stroke, her sphincter
muscles relaxed a little bit more.  Pressing her hard
against the car door he grabbed her tits and squeezed
them hard.  His panting increased as did his gyrations. 
Then with a painful thrust, he began to send a steady
stream of hot cum into her tight ass.
	Now, as his cock emptied of his man-juice, he
put as much force as he could into each pumping
action, repeating it as fast as he could.  Stretching her
no longer virgin ass to it's limits.  Then as fast as he had
entered her, he pulled out, again spinning her about.
	Putting his large arms around her he pulled her
close and kissed her, forcefully, giving her no chance to
deny his tongue entry.  Far from denying it, Janet
sucked it eagerly, giving hers in return.  She had never
felt so satisfied.
		
	They quickly cleaned themselves with water and
towels from the trunk of the police cruiser. Janet made
herself as presentable as she could, she still had to be at
her parent's by 11:00.
	"Oh shit, its almost 10:00, I'll never make it
now."  She cried out, glancing at her watch.
	Jerry just laughed and told her to follow him
back to the main road.

	With lights flashing and sirens wailing, Jerry led
her on a 80 mph dash to her home.  He pulled away
about a half mile before her destination and  she pulled
into the driveway at 10:55.  Her parents were happy to
see her of course, but were a little confused when she
said she would rather eat standing at the patio high
table than on one of the hard bottomed chairs.  College
certainly gave you peculiar customs, they thought.


END
