Archive-name: Bondage/spicy01.txt
Archive-author: Robert 42
Archive-title: Something a Little Spicy - 01


                           SOMETHING A LITTLE SPICY

                   An erotic story of Bondage and Disicpline

                             Written by Robert 42


                              ACCESS NEW ORLEANS
                                (504) 568-0986
                               300/1200/2400 BPS
                         24 Hours a Day, 7 Days a Week

                           SOMETHING A LITTLE SPICY
                                   CHAPTER 1

        If Bridgette Peters had anything in the world to be thankful for,
    it would most certainly have to be her almost stunning good looks.
    Somewhere between the awkwardness of adolescence, and the advent of
    full womanhood, Bridgette became the kind of girl that men were afraid
    to approach.

        By the time she was 16, Bridgette had learned how to accent the
    growing curves of her body in such a way as to be able to get what she
    wanted from men. I'll not bore you with stereotyped details of the
    homecoming queen, but at 5'8" 127 lbs, her body became the envy of many
    women.. and a temple of worship for countless number of men. Her dark
    brown hair cascaded over her shoulders and flowed neatly down her back.

        Yes, Bridgette could definitely have had any man she chose. By the
    time she was 18 and a freshman at Arizona St., she had chosen not to
    choose. She rather liked all the attention she could get with a pair of
    tight jeans, and an alluring smile. Suffice it to say that Bridgette
    never found herself lacking in male companionship.

        Now at 34, Bridgette didn't feel all that thankful. Her current
    flame, James Gannon had let her know in no uncertain terms that he was
    tired of the way she flirted with any man who looked at her. Well,
    Bridgette knew she was an incurable flirt. But it wasn't as if she were
    running off and falling into bed with these guys. That's what she said
    to James when he voiced his disapproval.

        She had only been home from work for about 5 minutes when the phone
    rang. She picked it up and whispered a very sexy hello into the
    mouthpiece. It was James on the other end.
    "Bridgette" He started, he wanted to say more but she cut him off.
    "Hi, baby! How was your day?" she asked cheerfully
    "Fine, listen. We have to talk" Bridgette couldn't interpret the tone
    of his voice, she became unsure of herself.
    "What about?' She asked, slowly. He got right to the point
    "I think we should stop seeing each other."

        It took her a few moments to register what he had just said.
    "What? Are you serious?" She wanted to know.
    "Yes I am. I can't handle this anymore." It was the same old thing.
    They fought about it 2 days earlier, but Bridgette mollified him with a
    promise not to flirt anymore. And sealed the deal with an evening of
    rolling around naked in her waterbed.

        "Come on. I thought we had this worked out." She started to remind
    him that she could have any man she wanted. She thought better of it.
    "No, I really think it's best to call it quits." Bridgette sat heavily
    on the bed. The reality now fully upon her.
    "I'm sorry you feel that way, Jim" She whispered into the phone
    "So I am." He said. "Well, there are a few things of yours over here.
    When would be best for me to bring them over?"
    "I'll come get em tonight if that's ok" There was a brief pause on the
    other end of the connection
    "Yeah ok. I'll be home. He said before hanging up. Leaving Bridgette
    holding a dead line.

        It was on the 30 minute ride to James' apartment that she realised
    that this was the first time a man had ever told her to get lost. But
    it was his differences from other men that had attracted her to him in
    the first place. He never saw her as just a warm place to keep his
    cock. In fact, she treated him more of a sex object than he did her.

        By the time she arrived, Bridgette made her mind up that this
    relationship was not going to end. She got out of her car and walked
    toward the building, her ample bottom swayed softly under her tight
    jeans as she reached the door and rang the doorbell.

        It was a few seconds before James opened the door. James was not a
    big man. He only stood an inch taller than Bridgette at 5'9". His 150
    lb frame was pretty well toned. Blue eyes and dirty blonde hair.
    Bridgette reached out for him but he smoothly moved out of her grasp
    and walked into the apartment.

        She stood inside the door and saw that he had already gathered her
    things and had them in a box ready to go. The finality of the gesture
    was not lost on her as she walked into the living room.
    "Jim.. Can't we talk about this? I mean you don't really want to break
    you with me?" She stuck a sexy pose intended to turn him on. But he
    remained unmoved.
    "There's nothing more to talk about. I'm just tired of it."
    "You have someone else?" she asked. That HAD to be it
    He shook his head in negation
    "Look, just take your things and go, please"
    "NO!.. At least let's talk about this!" She began to pout.
    "I don't want to talk.. Now GET OUT!" He said his anger rising with
    each passing second.

        Bridgette stood in silence for a moment, then walked to the where
    James had laid the box then suddenly turn and threw her arms around
    him.
    "I promised I wouldn't do it anymore. What do you want from me?" He
    extracted her hands from around his shoulders.
    "I don't want anything from you. I just want you to leave."
    Tears began to well up in her beautiful eyes. she looked at him
    imploringly until he couldn't take it any longer and turned around and
    walked to the sofa, sitting and picking up the remote control for the
    television. This kind of emotional scene was the one thing he wanted to
    avoid. Somehow he doubted that he could be strong enough to shed
    himself of her if things became like this.

        Bridgette followed him to the sofa and stood in front of him,
    preventing him from seeing the TV screen.
    "There must be some other solution. You can't just say get out and
    that's it"
    "No, that's exactly what i'm saying"  He looked up and met her gaze.
    Nearly melting as he watched her beautiful face.
    "When I was a little girl.." She started.. He shook his head.
    "Bridgette, don't do this"
    ".. When I was bad, My daddy used to take me into his room.." She
    continued as if not interrupted. But closed her eyes in embarrassment
    of what she was about to reveal..
    ".. And.. he would pull my pants down.... and spank me.."

        James tried to stand up but Bridgette blocked his way
    ".. And afterward, everything was ok again.." She was softly crying as
    she reached for his hands.. and brought them to her hips.
    ".. If he were here today.. That's what he would do.." He felt the
    warmth of her body through the thick material of the denim she wore.
    "Bridgette, you're not a little girl anymore" He said in a soft voice.
    "I know.... But if I were bad...." Her voice trailed off, leaving the
    next line unsaid.

        James was aware as always of her alluring gaze, however her stance
    was not that of the seductive woman he was used to. Now he was seeing
    her like he had never seen her. She seemed vulnerable. Her hands were
    over his against her hips, slightly trembling. He freaked out at the
    length she was prepared to go to hold onto him.

        He moved his hands from under her's and brought them to the snap of
    her jeans. He slowly unsnapped them and pulled the zipper down. She put
    her hands on his shoulders as he grasped the beltloops and began to
    pull her jeans from her hips. He saw the red lace panties come into
    view, then her finely sculptured, tanned thighs as the denim pants were
    lowered.

        "Did he pull your panties down too?" he asked her.. Looking up as
    she stood with her hands on his shoulders.
    "y.. yes... Bare bottomed" she said in a barely audible whisper. He
    brought her panties down as well, revealing her sparse pubic hair. He
    stared right into her cunt and resisted the urge to kiss it.
    "Ok" he said.

        Bridgette sat down next to him on the sofa.
    "I love you, Jim" she told him.. hoping against hope
    "I love you too, baby" he whispered to her.
    She threw her arms around him and hugged him close.
    "I'm sorry I was bad.. I won't be anymore" she sobbed into his neck
    "I believe you, honey" He stroked her hair She released him and asked.
    "Are you gonna spank me hard?" a little frightened.
    "I don't know.. Do you think I should?" She nodded
    "Yes... I d deserve it" Her voice cracking as she laid herself over his
    lap,  her naked ass exposed to him for the impending spanking.

        James felt a familiar lurch in his pants as he stared down at the
    sight below him. Here was his sexy lover lying down awaiting a spanking
    because she had been bad. Bridgette was softly crying as his hand
    stroked her thighs. Her bottom looked pale in contrast to her golden
    colored legs. Her thighs were slightly opened, and he could look and
    see the wisps of hair peeking up from her pubic mound.

        He raised his hand and gave her a soft slap on the ass. It didn't
    hurt her in the least, but the sound of his hand coming into contact
    with her naked asscheeks made her flinch.
    "Are you sure you want to do this?" He asked her to make sure. She
    didn't say anything, but nodded her head as she waited in silence for
    him to begin.

        Now he raised his hand again, this time resting his left arm over
    her waist. Bridgette stiffened in anticipation, James saw the flexing
    of the muscles in her ass.

        He brought his hand down heavily on her soft bottom. Bridgette was
    shocked at how intense the stinging was. She cried out and tried to
    wiggle out of the way as his hand fell quickly onto her ass again.
    *SMACKK!*.... "Ahhhhh!" *SMACKKKK!*.. "Ohhhhhhhh!"  She closed her eyes
    tightly while James continued her slap her smooth asscheeks with the
    palm of his right hand.

        By the time she had been given ten strokes, her ass felt like it
    was on fire. looking down at it, James watched with growing fascination
    as her usually pale bottom turned into a glowing shade of pink in
    splotches where his hand made stinging contact.

        Bridgette cried out in pain as the searing punishment burned into
    her skin. She sobbed louder with each new stroke.. In between racking
    sobs, she kept saying.. "I love you, Jim..." and "I'm sooooo sorry,
    Jim" .. "I promise i'll be good, Jim" while he continued to deliver the
    hard spanking she had more or less requested. But not once did she ask
    for him to stop.

        Actually, if she had wanted to back out.. He would have let her.
    But once he felt his hand slapping her delectable ass once or twice, he
    wouldn't have stopped if she begged him to.

        After she had been given thirty strokes, her ass had been turned
    into a quivering mass of bright pink flesh. Satisfied that her ass had
    been spanked enough, he stopped and let his hand rest softly on the now
    hot to the touch skin of her asscheeks.

        Bridgette had her face in her hands as she cried unashamedly from
    the effects of the punishment she had received. Although she willingly
    took it, she was more than a little surprised that it had hurt so much.

        James knew that Bridgette could feel the hardness in his pants. He
    only wondered in she were aware of that fact. He very softly moved his
    somewhat stinging hand over her asscheeks, telling her that he was
    done. She made no immediate move to get up from his lap, but rather
    remained draped over him as if she expected to be spanked further.

        Finally realizing that he was finished, Bridgette gingerly pushed
    herself up with her hands. Her tears still fell freely as the stinging
    in her poor spanked bottom refused to abate. As she rose from his lap,
    she wanted to be reassured. Bridgette threw her arms around him and
    blubbered into his ear.
    " Ho Hoo hold me, baby.. Hold me tight" James put him arms around her
    back and began stroking her long hair.
    "Shhhhhh, Bridge... " he cooed in her ear to calm her down.. She just
    pressed her body harder against his chest and cried like a little baby
    while he held her tight and tried to comfort her.

        It was definitely a different Bridgette that he held in his arms
    now. Her usual self assured demeanor has disappeared and it excited
    him beyond reason.
    "Shhhhhh baby, it's all over now" He whispered to her. She backed up a
    little and searched his face, still crying but not as fitfully as
    before.
    "You're not mad at m m me anymore?" She asked shyly. James smiled at
    her.. "Of course not, I can't stay mad at you"

        Bridgette smiled weakly for a moment, then her beautiful face
    contorted again. "I love you, James" she purred at him.
    "I know. I love you too, sweetheart" She hugged him tight again.

        "God, I didn't think it was gonna hurt THAT much" she confessed.
    His hand dropped down her back to her naked ass. He stroked it gently
    as she stifled a slight groan.
    "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you" he told her. Actually, once he
    began spanking her well rounded bottom, he got quickly caught up in
    what he was doing. She tried to pretend that it didn't matter
    "Well, as long as you aren't mad at me anymore" He stayed silent while
    he rubbed her warm ass.
    "mmmmmmmm.. That feels good, Jim.. Rub a little lower" She purred in
    his ear. He obliged her and ran his hand over the lower part of her
    ass..
    "Oh god, you make me feel so good baby" she pushed her ass back on his
    hand. Her breathing began to get a little heavier in his ear. James
    himself got increasingly turned on as he caressed Bridgette's sexy
    ass.

        "You know, I haven't been spanked since I was 18. I'd almost
    forgotten how it feels" She said as her thighs parted a bit. She pulled
    back and kissed him deeply, her tongue darted into his mouth
    seductively. He let his hand drop and felt the wetness on her pussy
    hair. Bridgette moaned as she felt his fingers graze her cunt.

        Feeling the moistness on her pussy hairs, James exploringly dipped
    a finger between the puffy cuntlips and found the crack as wet as he
    had ever seen, or felt it. Bridgette's kissing became more passionate
    when James put his finger on her cunt.

        Knowing her like he did, James knew just about what she wanted and
    when. He pulled his hand away and wedged it between their bodies. Now
    he cupped her pussy with his palm, knowing the lovely brunette wanted
    it. He brought a finger into play, parting the lips on her cunt as he
    easily slipped a finger into her. She pulled back and bit her lower
    lip..
    "Ooooooo.. I am SO turned on babeee" she sighed and began humping her
    hips against his hand. It wasn't too long before Bridgette jumped off
    of his lap and began tearing at his pants. James helped as much as he
    could, and soon his hard cock sprang into view. No sooner did it
    appear, did Bridgette quickly straddle his hips and lower herself down
    on the throbbing dagger.

        She slammed her aching bottom down on his crotch like a woman
    possessed. Her shirt covered tits pressed against his face as Bridgette
    had her arms about his head, pulling it into her. James could only put
    his arms around her back and let her ride to her heart's content.
    "Ahhhh.. Ahhhh.. Ooo It's soooooo good! You feel so good inside me,
    baby" She chanted while she rode her mount toward the finish line.

        James moved his hands down and grabbed her hot asscheeks while he
    did his best to match her wild strokes. Bridgette squealed in delight
    when he squeezed her sore bottom. Her bucking hips became more frantic
    when the slight irritant of her recently spanked ass being squeezed was
    brought into play. "Ohhhhh yes, Jim.. Grab my ass, baby!.. I'm gonna
    juice... I'm gonna come lover!!"

        Bridgette made funny little gurgling sounds when her orgasm had
    come upon her. She ground her sexy hips into his lap while he dug his
    fingers into the soft compliant flesh of her tender asscheeks.

        When her climax began to ebb, James pulled up with his hands to
    slightly elevate her ass. Now he began fucking into her cunt while she
    groaned and cooed into his ear. "oooo yes, baby.. Squeeze my naughty
    ass. Gawd I love the way you fuck me! Ahhhh! squeeze harder.. YESSSS!..
    That's the way, Baby.. Gimme your come.. shoot your come into meeee!"

        The combination of her cunt milking him, and her saying all those
    things in his ear was too much for him. His cock jerked and spewed a
    gob of cream into her. Bridgette made whimpering sounds into his ear
    while his come spilled into her.

        Her tits rose and fell as she tried to control her ragged
    breathing. The orgasm she had took all of her energy while she was
    fucking up and down furiously. James was moaning in the afterglow of
    his own violent come. Bridgette finally fell over on the sofa when she
    felt she had the strength to. He looked around for his cigarettes when
    his beautiful lover fell away.

--
Archive-name: Bondage/spicy02.txt
Archive-author: Robert 42
Archive-title: Something a Little Spicy - 02


        Is it possible to look at a good marriage and be able to pinpoint
    exactly what keeps it together?

        Vickie Johnson, and her husband of 12 years, Jason had such a
    marriage. I would imagine that they are kept together by not letting
    the whole hoopla of marriage get out of perspective.

        No, Jason was no different from any other 32 year old Yuppie. Just
    knowing how many marriages end in divorce make one have to wonder
    exactly what Jason and Vickie had going for them.

        Vickie knew what they had. The understanding they came to earlier
    in their relationship is what invariably kept them together.

        She sat in their house at about 6:45pm when she heard the gentle
    whine of the car engine as Jason pulled into the driveway. Vickie was
    thinking to herself that their special understanding hadn't been
    exercised in quite some time. But she also knew it was going to be
    rekindled that very evening. She sat at the dining room table as she
    heard the front door opening, and the familiar sound of her husband's
    footsteps walking through the living room.

        "Vickie?" He called out "Where are you?"
    "In here, honey" she answered. somewhat nervously awaiting his arrival.
    She looked up when he appeared in the doorway.
    "Hi, babe" he said as he leaned over to kiss her.

        They made quite an interesting couple to look at. You've no doubt
    heard that age old cliche' of opposites attracting. Vickie and Jason
    are a prime example in appearance. While jason was very tanned with
    dark, thick hair. Vickie was almost ghostlike in contrast, with very
    light blonde, almost white hair.

        "Hi, honey" she said as they kissed. "How was your day?"
    "Same as usual, I guess" he shrugged. "Although I think the time is
    ripe to push for that promotion"
    "Mmmmm" she said thoughtfully "Yes, we could sure use a bit more money
    coming in the house" Jason was busying himself at the bar making a
    drink.
    "Hey, I thought you said you'd be home by six tonight?" Vickie queried.
    He took a sip of his scotch and soda and kinda shrugged. "Yeah I
    planned to, but I got kinda tied up at the office."
    "You could have called. Dinner is now sitting in the oven keeping warm"
    "I'm sorry. But that Winkerstein account is driving me crazy"
    Vickie raised her voice a little, clearing showing her displeasure.
    "Yeah, tonight it was Winkerstein. Last night it was CD&X. The night
    before it was some new account to put to bed."
    "Hey, it's my job you know" he offered defensively
    "Well when I make dinner for someone who says he's gonna be home to eat
    it at six, I damn well expect him to keep his word."

        Jason took another long swallow of his drink, draining the glass.
    "I can't help it if things come up at the last minute. Do you expect me
    to tell my boss I can't stay because you have dinner ready?"

        Vickie let loose with a sarcastic laugh.
    "I'll bet your boss doesn't have to eat reheated dinners." she shot at
    him, he couldn't answer that. she was probably right.
    "I'm sorry" was all he could say.
    "No, honey. I'm sorry isn't going to do it tonight" He looked at her
    quizzically. "Don't give me those puppy dog eyes. You know exactly what
    I mean."
    "Yes" was all he said. He stood near the bar, unsure of what to do.
    "Give me your belt, Jason" he looked down at his shoes when he heard
    her directive.
    "Please. I'll try harder. Don't use the belt on me" he pleaded like a
    young boy.
    "Don't argue with me" Vickie said sternly "Give me your belt, Now!"
    "Ok" he said in a defeated voice. He undid his belt from his pants and
    brought it to his wife, who took it and promptly doubled it in her
    hand.
    "Don't just stand there looking like an idiot. Get em down" she
    commanded. Quickly, his trousers and shorts were peeled away and fell
    to the ground, bunched up around his ankles.
    "Over the table... Hurry up!" She said impatiently.

        Jason sidled up to the dining room table and obediently bent over
    from the waist. Using his hands to pull his shirt and jacket over his
    hips while he laid his head on the hard surface of the table.

        It had been almost a year since Vickie had whipped his ass.
    Something about moving to Arizona had seemed to take away her
    aggressiveness toward him. His cock was already beginning to stiffen at
    the thought of the night ahead. Vickie, too was having a bit of trouble
    controlling her excitement as her husband's ass stuck out at her.

        Vickie stood and walked around behind him, holding the belt at her
    side, swinging against her leg as she walked.
    "You seem to have overlooked the possibility that I wouldn't stand for
    this." Jason said nothing at all.
    "I'll bet you thought i'd forgotten all about this, didn't you?"
    "No, I didn't" He said under his breath
    "WHAT?" she demanded. "I didn't hear you.. speak up!"
    "No Ma'am!" said Jason from over the dining room table.

        Thus after a year, Jason's hiatus from the fires of his wife's
    discipline ended. The serene quiet of their suburban home was
    shattered by the sound of his leather belt whistling through the air
    before it's flight was suddenly stopped by his muscular asscheeks.
    *SLLLLLLAP!!* The cracking sound sounded off like a firecracker. The
    weal was already beginning to rise on his ass.

        "Did you think you'd get away with this shit forever?" *SMMMMMACK!*
    "Owwwwww.. No Ma'am.. I didn't.. Ooooo please not soo hard" he pleaded
    "Shut up!" her voice boomed. She slammed the belt into him twice more.
    *SMACCCK!* *SLLLLLAP!*

        Jason could barely keep still. His petite wife was really setting
    his ass on fire. 3 more times in rapid secession his belt crashed into
    him. He hissed in pain and pleaded for mercy. Vickie's eyes had a
    glassy look about them, she felt the insistent heat rising from under
    her slacks and panties. She threw the belt at him again and emitted a
    slight moan when his voice started cracking.

        20 times did the leather slam into his ass and thighs. Jason had
    tears in his eyes by the time Vickie demanded that he stand and go to
    the bedroom.

        On the way to the bedroom, Jason knew better than to allow his
    shirt and jacket to fall over his ass. He knew better because Vickie
    always walked behind him and crashed whatever she was holding into his
    burning asscheeks.

        Vickie landed 4 more strokes before she stepped into their bedroom
    behind her husband and closed the door behind her. Jason stood facing
    the bed with his slightly shaking hands still holding his clothing over
    his hips. She looked down and saw the red welts that crisscrossed his
    muscled ass. Her own fires had been turned up to high. She took her
    blouse and slacks off, leaving her in only bra and panties.

        She made him turn around and get on his knees in front of her. When
    he shuffled in place, his hard cock stuck out at her, begging for
    attention. Vickie put a hand behind his neck and pulled his face into
    her panty covered crotch.
    "You smell my hot pussy?" She rubbed her crotch over his nose, knowing
    that her juices were probably beginning to seep through the material of
    her panties. Jason moaned into her snatch and stuck his tongue out to
    sop up the juices that WERE seeping through her panties.
    "I didn't tell you to lick it!" she berated.
    "I'm sorry ma'am" He said, taking a long deep whiff of her heady cunt
    juices. She continued to tease him like this until she was ready to
    turn up the action.

        Vickie then stepped back and slipped her panties off. Jason could
    plainly see the glistening moisture on the blond curls that framed her
    love hole. She slowly used her fingers to spread the puffy lips and
    reveal the dark pink hidden beneath. Jason was breathing very heavy
    while Vickie teased him by showing her tantalizing pussy.

        Her fingers began to swirl over and around her clit while Jason
    knelt in front of her, watching intently. Vickie spoke to him between
    sensations that coursed through her body.
    "Yeahhh.. I know how much you want my cunt. Mmmmmmmmm But you can't
    have it. " She began to move her finger more rapidly over her clit.
    "Ooooo wouldn't you love to bury your cock into this sweet pussy?"

        It had been too long for the attractive blond. Every inch of her
    5'2" frame felt on pins and needles. "Ma Maybe if you're real good...
    I'll let you jerk off for me. Ohhhhhhhhhhh!" Vickie's climax came upon
    her like a tidal wave. She groaned in bliss while the warming waves of
    orgasm cascaded throughout her body.

        Jason could only watch longingly while Vickie enjoyed herself. he
    wanted so badly to grab his stiff prick and pump it until he shot his
    load all over the place. But he knew Vickie wouldn't like that at all.
    And he knew better than to displease her, she had in the past done some
    pretty mean things to him.

        Vickie recovered from her climax and held her finger close to
    Jason's face. "Do be a good boy and clean that pussy juice from my
    fingers." she cooed at him. He quickly licked her fingers clean.

        "Mmmm You like that don't you?" She taunted him.
    "Yes ma'am" he said between licks. Satisfied that her hand had been
    sufficiently cleaned, she pulled her hand away from him and reached up
    to unhook her bra.
    "Oooo Look at how hard my nipples are!" She took them between her
    thumbs and forefingers, gently rolling them. Jason shifted slightly on
    his knees as he watched the show his wife was putting on for him.

        "I see you staring at my tits, you nasty boy. But you don't deserve
    these titties, do you?" She asked him coyly.
    "No ma'am" he confessed. "No.. you know that... There's only one thing
    you're good for"
    "Yes ma'am" he whispered. Knowing fully well what she was referring to.
    "Then tell me" she ordered
    "Licking your ass, ma'am" he said in a barely audible voice.
    "That's correct.. and do you know why?" She pressed on.
    "Because i'm an asslicker ma'am."

        "An asslicker. Not really a very good one.. But an asslicker all
    the same" She said critically as she turned around, bending over slowly
    and using her hands to spread her asscheeks.
    "Well, asslicker. Get over here and do your job"

        Jason had to walk on his knees, still holding his shirt and jacket
    over his ass. He moved forward until he was only inches from his wife's
    rounded ass. She was moving it slowly back and forth while she waited
    for his tongue. He pressed his lips to her ass and began planting
    little kisses up and down the crack.
    "Hurry up, asslicker.. Get your tongue in there!" She hollered at him.

        He finally presses his lips to the crinkled hole and let his tongue
    move forward against it. Vickie squirmed her ass back at him when she
    felt the warmth on her asshole. Jason let his tongue flutter around her
    anal orifice for a few moments before stiffening his tongue and taking
    direct stabs.

        Vickie released one of her asscheeks and brought her hand around to
    cup her pussy. Her lips were parted while Jason dutifully lapped at her
    asshole. Soft murmurs of delight escaped her lips when his tongue
    became rigid and began boring inside the puckered grommet.
    "Mmmmmmm, you ARE starting to become a good little asslicker. Oooooo
    yeah! Deeper" Her hand once again started to manipulate the sensitive
    bud of her clitoris while having his rough face plastered to her
    asscheeks.

        She heard his slurping sounds and felt a lot of saliva dribbling
    from her ass, trailing down her thighs. Her mouth was opened wide in a
    silent scream as Jason's probing tongue and her swirling fingers
    brought her once again to the brink of orgasm.
    "Oooh yeah.. that's ittt baby!.. lick my ass... I'm gonna come again..
    yees!" Her hand was moving a mile a minute over her clit as another
    orgasm juiced out of her cunt. She pressed her ass back farther while
    Jason did his best to keep his tongue inside her while she came.

        Once Vickie recovered from her second come, she stood up and
    wiggled her shapely ass in Jason's face before stepping away.
    "Have you been practicing on me?" She said sternly, but teasingly.

        "No ma'am" he uttered. He had already been subjected to a whipping
    with his own belt, made to watch while his wife played with her pussy
    until she came. Made to admit he was an asslicker, then prompted to
    perform that very same act. He could only imagine what else was on her
    mind.

        Things hadn't always been this way in their sex life. Until 6 years
    ago, Jason would merely paw her tits for a few moments, rub her pussy
    until she began to get wet, then climb between her legs and pound away
    until his quick orgasm put an end to their "romantic interlude". The
    change came about when Vickie started reading certain publications and
    taking her idea from that, literally laid down the law to her husband.

        Jason didn't exactly take to her ideas with a lot of enthusiasm at
    first. But he learned to look forward to Vickie's discipline sessions
    as her imagination was only outweighed by her almost endless appetite
    for sex. On more than one occasion she mentioned to him that she just
    might have him bring home a friend one night. He wasn't sure if he
    could do that, but luckily the idea hadn't come to light as of yet.

        Vickie sat on the edge of their bed and used her feet to tease his
    maddeningly hard prick. Jason remained on his knees holding his shirt
    and jacket over his bared ass.
    "Whoooooo, this nasty old cock sure is nice and stiff" she giggled at
    him. She tousled her own hair and laid back on the bed.

        Jason looked hungrily down on her pussy as she laid back and
    continued to play footsie with his prick. Her tits were rising and
    falling with her heavy breathing. His cock felt as if were ready to
    explode and she knew exactly where she wanted it when it did,

        "Oh gawd, baby.,. Fuck me now" She sighed. Jason didn't need to be
    told twice. In no time at all, he got himself on the bed between her
    lovely legs and found his cock in her firm grip. She guided the spongy
    tip to her waiting hole while he rested his weight on his knees, his
    hands still occupied with their assigned task of keeping his naked
    asscheeks uncovered.

        Vickie's legs wrapped themselves around his flanks and her heels
    dug into his still stinging asscheeks as his cock began to slide into
    the warm cavern that awaited between her open legs.

        He sighed loudly when his dick entered the nearly steaming confines
    of Vickie's sopping pussyhole. "Ohhhhh so goood, Honey... give it to
    meeee!" she squealed and threw her arms about him. She knew she could
    look forward to about 30 good, strong strokes out of his cock before he
    would spill his come into her. She just held on to him with heels and
    hands while his prick pistoned into her wanting snatch.

        As predicted, Jason's dick jerked inside of her and he groaned in
    the throes of his orgasm. Vickie squealed in delight when she felt his
    hot load being discharged into her warm pussy. She kissed him hard on
    the mouth as she neared another great come of her own...

        Jason never could continue once his load shot out of his dick. It
    was no more than 30 seconds before his cock softened and slipped out of
    her.

        "Goddammit!" Vickie screamed in his ear " I was ready to come
    again.." She lifted her heels and brought them down on his ass,
    prodding him. "Get down there and finish me with your mouth!"
    "Yes ma'am" he said quickly and slid himself off of her and knelt
    between her legs, getting an eyeful of her open cunt with his cream
    beginning to ooze out.

        He leaned over and surrounded her clit with his lips and let his
    tongue trace circles around it.. Vickie squirmed in pleasure but told
    him to stop "Put your tongue inside me.. Finish the job your dick
    couldn't."

        Without hesitation, Jason brought his mouth to the opening and let
    his tongue dart out and enter her pussy, where the combination of her
    juices and his own come mingled over his tastebuds. Vickie quickly
    attained the level she was at before he came and stopped her from
    coming again. Jason obediently surged his tongue into her and fucked
    her that way until her orgasm peaked and ebbed away.

        He was planting little kisses on her cunt and thighs when she told
    him "Come up here and lay with me, baby" Now satisfied that the session
    was over, Jason climbed on the bed beside her and took her in his
    muscular arms. She nuzzled up close to him. "Mmmmm that was nice"

        Jason didn't particularly care to discuss their sex relationship
    because he didn't like the way she belittled him and made him feel
    inadequate about it all. But he knew that she could just as easily
    exclude him from her games and have almost as much fun with a vibrator,
    so he never complained.

        All in all, Vickie and Jason had a pretty good life together.

--
Archive-name: Bondage/spicy03.txt
Archive-author: Robert 42
Archive-title: Something a Little Spicy - 03


        Bridgette and James had a long, serious talk about things after
    their new experience with sex had concluded.

        She lamented that her father spanked her ass at least once a week
    until she was 18 and moved out of the house to go to college. She had a
    sister a year younger than she, and knew that her sister had been
    subjected to the same thing until she moved out at 19.

        She told him how it was always the same. Her father would bring her
    into his bedroom and make her stand in front of him while he sat on his
    bed and pulled her pants down or skirt up to bare her bottom. Once her
    bottom was bared, he would lay her down over his lap and depending on
    her particular offense, would begin spanking her with his heavy hands,
    or his thick belt. Oh how she would struggle in his powerful grip and
    kick her legs in the air while her punishment was doled out.

        Once he finished with the spanking, he would always sit her still
    bare ass on his lap. Kissing her cheeks and telling her how he didn't
    like to punish her, but she was such a naughty girl that he had no
    choice but to spank her.

        When she was younger, she would run to her room and throw herself
    on her bed to have herself a good cry, furiously rubbing her smarting
    bottom. Then would emerge properly chastened until the inevitable
    discretion that would find the whole process repeated again and again.

        As she began to grow into a pretty young lady, she would still run
    to her room at the conclusion of the spanking sessions. But then she
    did so to find orgasmic release.

        She recalled the worse spanking she had even gotten from her father
    was also the last one. During the summer after she graduated from high
    school, she had stayed out all night and returned home to find her
    father sitting in the living room. He wasted no time at all taking her
    by the arm and dragging her to his bedroom. Bridgette grimaced slightly
    as she recalled how her poor bottom was set on fire that morning.

        Bridgette told him that when he spanked her, it was more exciting
    than before. after all, she wasn't a little girl anymore just like
    James had told her. But when that familiar stinging started, it was
    almost like being back home again.

        "Maybe that's why i'm so bad now" she giggled at the thought.
    James shrugged and commented that it probably was the reason.

        She looked at him with wide, innocent eyes and asked.. "Well, what
    next?" James told her that since she obviously couldn't keep herself in
    check, it wouldn't be a bad idea for her to be punished in kind when
    she got out of line.

       She kissed him very sweetly and said. "Baby, as long as you do it
    with love and not malice, you can spank my ass whenever I need it" Then
    she gave him an evil smile "Which is quite often to be honest" she
    giggled into his neck as she cuddled close. Already looking forward to
    when she would drape herself over his lap again.

        Vickie attributes the articles she read in a magazine to saving her
    marriage with Jason. She had been on the verge of filing for divorce
    when she saw the magazine on the ground while she waited for a bus.
    Picking it up, she saw a picture on the cover of a man's ass with
    several stripes on it.

        While not reading the magazine, (She put it back on the ground
    where she found it) she did remember the title and later that week
    visited an adult book store and purchased several titles of that
    nature.

        The one article that caught her eye was one of a story about a wife
    who regularly spanked her husband for any one of several different
    offenses. Although turned on by the story and the idea, Vickie couldn't
    see herself doing anything like that with Jason.

        As mentioned in an earlier chapter, Jason was the type who thought
    of his wife as simply a piece of meat to be taken at will. Okay, I
    guess being taken roughly isn't always a bad thing. But when the one
    being taken isn't getting any pleasure out of it, it's a terrible
    thing.

        Vickie had to endure their sex life for 6 years of marriage. She
    truly loved the skunk, but she knew there had to be more to sex than a
    lot of pain. well, HE seemed to rather enjoy himself.

        It was after a particularly painful session of him pounding into
    her that Vickie finally decided she'd had enough of it. Jason had
    gotten out of bed to relieve himself when she sprang into action. She
    ran to the closet and grabbed a thick belt. (The kind used to hold up
    jeans and the like) She went into the bathroom while he stood before
    the toilet and reared back with the belt and swung it at him with all
    her strength.

        That stroke missed the target of his ass, but caught him on his
    legs with enough force to make him scream in pain.
    "Owwwww! What the fuck are you doing?" He tried to jump out of the way,
    but was not fast enough to avoid a second swing from the belt.
    "Have you gone crazy?" He lunged after her but she was not going to be
    denied. he ran into the leather as it was propelled into his stomach.
    "You crazy bitch!.. Gimme that belt" She gave it to him.... a savage
    stroke whistled through the air and connected right between his legs.

        Jason went quickly to his knees when the belt had slammed against
    his recently emptied balls. Vickie was a woman possessed by this time.
    "I am sick and TIRED of this shit" she screamed at him. Jason stayed on
    the floor trying to get his breath back.

        "You hear me you son of a bitch? I'm tired of it!" Somehow, Jason
    found enough of a voice to enquire as to what she was tired of.
    "Do you realize how much it hurts when you fuck me? Huh?.. Did you EVER
    ask how I was feeling?"
    "Calm down, honey.. Let's talk about this" She slapped his shoulder
    with the belt..
    "No! I'm tired of talking about it.. Now i'm gonna DO something about
    it.. You get your ass back in that bed.. and you don't DARE leave until
    *I'M* finished.. You got it, asshole?"

        In his disadvantageous position, Jason had the sense to agree to her
    seemingly insane terms. he went back to the bed with her and was made
    to touch her in ways he had never dreamed. Vickie kept his attending to
    her until the wee hours of the morning.

        Naturally, Jason became hard again. But was quickly pushed away
    when he tried to crawl between her legs and stick his dick into her.

        As big and powerful Jason was compared to how petite his wife was,
    he could do nothing to deter her from her current course. She didn't
    hesitate to lay that god awful belt on his flesh when he wasn't doing
    something the way she wanted.

        Jason thought it would have been a one time thing. But found out
    differently the next time he tried to take his wife. She lashed out
    with fingernails bared, slashing his cheek and drawing blood. He very
    quickly learned that as long as they were gonna stay together, sex was
    something that will be taken out of his hands.. and placed in those
    more capable, namely Vickie's.


        If James was surprised and excited by the recent turn of events
    between he and Bridgette. He would have been utterly shocked at his own
    sister. yes, in case you haven't figured it out, James and Vickie are
    brother and sister. He'd often wonder why Jason seemed to be in quite a
    hurry to get home instead of staying out and drinking with the rest of
    the gang.

        He had been delighted to learn that Vickie and her husband were
    moving to Arizona. They had always gotten along rather well in
    childhood. Which is really pretty strange for brother and sister of
    about the same age. He had used his contacts to find them the house
    they were living in. It was great having his sister living so close to
    him. They often got together for dinner or a show. Bridgette had
    remarked on more than one occasion about the strong family resemblance
    present in them.

        James was giving Bridgette's car a once over when he noticed a
    pretty bald tire on the front. Looking in the trunk, and finding
    that there was no spare. He told her not to drive the car until he could
    get her a rim and tire. It was a saturday so it wasn't like she had a
    lot to do.

        He left to go do just that. Luckily the very first place he tried
    had the exact tire and rim he needed. it had been barely an hour when
    he returned to Vickie's apartment and found her car gone. He figured
    she had to run to the store for a few things. So he waited a few
    minutes.

        When she hadn't returned for a half hour, he put the tire back into
    his trunk and drove home. He'd call her later.

        He got home and called her every fifteen minutes until 7:30 that
    evening. Finally she answered the phone just as he was ready to hang-up
    again.
    "Hello?"... "Oh.. There you are. I've been calling"
    "Oh, I'm sorry.. I was across the street all afternoon"

        James knew better, but didn't say anything about it.
    "Oh well, I got a tire for you. I'll bring it over if you're gonna be
    home."
    "Sure! But I'm getting ready to take a shower. Can you wait about an
    hour?" He looked at his watch and figured it would be about 9:00 by the
    time he got there.
    "Yeah ok. I guess you can get it changed in the morning. Unless you
    have some place you have to go before then?"
    "Oh no... I can do without the car until then. See you in an hour,
    baby?"
    "Yeah sure, sweetheart. See ya then" James hung up the phone and knew
    she was lying. That put him off a little. She really had no reason to
    lie about it. Oh well, he'd talk to her about it later.


        It was a few minutes before 9 when he got to Bridgette's apartment
    building. Under the streetlight, he saw her car sitting there. He went
    over and took a look. Just as he had suspected earlier, the bald tire
    had sprouted a large egg. He knew from experience that this tire would
    blow at any minute.

        Bridgette answered the door wearing nothing but a t-shirt and
    panties. her hair was draped in a bath towel. Okay, she just got out of
    the shower. She wrapped her arms around him and planted a juicy kiss on
    him when he walked in the door.
        Give me your car keys so I can put that tire in your trunk" He told
    her. He seemed to be a little reserved for some reason.

        She did as he asked and watched a bit confused as he walked out of
    the door. She had taken the towel from her head and was brushing her
    hair when he came back into the apartment.
    "How much do you think it'll cost to get it changed?" She asked him..
    James just shrugged. "I dunno. About 4 or 5 dollars. But I might come
    over and do it myself."
    "Oh you're sweet, baby. Thank you so much" she smiled at him into the
    mirror she was standing before.

        "Where did you go today?" He asked her out of the blue.
    "Across the street, like I told you" He shook his head.
    "You had to take your car across the street?" Her brow furrowed at the
    question.
    "Of course not. It hasn't moved" James stood silent for a moment. Then
    blew out a breath of air he was holding in.
    "Bridgette.." he hesitated "I came back with the tire and the car was
    gone." She had brushed her hair to satisfaction so she put the brush
    down on the table and went to the refrigerator to get them both a beer.
    "Oh!" You must of came when I went around the corner to the store"
    Nodding her head as if that were the way it happened.

        "Yes, that's what I figured too. That's why I hung around for a
    half hour, waiting." He raised his eyebrows as he accepted the beer from
    her. "Where did you go?" he asked.
    Bridgette tossed her hair back. "I needed to do some shopping."
    Shrugging like it were nothing. "Sorry you waited so long."

        "It's not that, baby. It's just that I had told you not to drive
    the car until I got a tire."

        "I know, But all the stores are closed on Sunday." He shook his head
    at her while she sat at her table applying fingernail polish.
    "You COULD have said something, you know.. I would have taken you"
    "Oh yeah. Like you would have loved shopping for clothes with me."

        "How the hell would you know what I like and don't like if you've
    never thought to ask?" She waved it off..
    "It's no big deal. as you can see, I survived the trip, you know."
    "Oh yeah? I'll bet you didn't see that big egg on the tire, did you?"
    "No... so what about it?"  James had sat down at her kitchen table. The
    apartment was pretty small.. Only one bedroom, a bathroom, kitchen and
    living room.

        "Bridgette, do you know how hard it is to control a car when you've
    had a blow out?" He asked her. She seemed to be mildly amused at his
    banter. "No, can't say that I do."
    "It's damn near impossible. That's how hard it is."
    She was holding her hand out examining her nails.
    "So. I didn't have a blow out. And as you can see, I am alive and well,
    thank you very much." She said a little too sarcastically for his tastes.

        "Yeah, I wouldn't suppose you care just how easily you COULD have
    had it happen?"
    "No, why don't you tell me how easy I could have had it happen.."
    He laughed under his breath
    "You really think this is a big joke don't you?" She shook her head.
    "No, But I believe you're getting all carried away over nothing."
    "Nothing? I don't call taking that kind of stupid chance with your life
    nothing!" He was getting worked up. Bridgette sensed it.

        "Okay then. You're right. I shouldn't have done it.. But I did..
    and now it's in the past." She said as she was starting on her other
    hand with the polish. James drained his beer and got up to deposit the
    empty bottle in the garbage can. Then he walked slowly toward her while
    taking his belt off.
    "No" he said "It's not quite in the past, just yet" Her eyes quickly
    shot up and saw what he was doing.
    "No, Jim.. Please don't get carried away about this....."
    "Carried away?!" His belt was now dangling from his hand. "You could
    have been KILLED!"

        Bridgette was frightened at the serious look in his face. She got
    up and was backing away from him. "Please, don't hurt me, baby.. I'm
    sorry" She said in that little girl way. He got to the table where she
    had been sitting and put the belt down on it.

        "Bridgette, come here to me." She had backed up to the closed door
    of her bedroom. Her hands were behind her against the door.
    "Please, baby... I love you.. don't do this to me" she pleaded with
    him.
    "I said.... Come here, Bridgette." She looked down.. the fear mounting
    in her.
    "No.. you're gonna hurt me."
    "I'm NOT gonna argue with you, Bridgette. You come here, NOW!!" She
    winced at the way his voice rose.

        Bridgette sniffed back a tear that was beginning to form and slowly
    shuffled across the floor until she could see his shoes under her.

        She stood in front of him resigned to whatever he had in mind to
    do. She kept her eyes on the floor at his feet while he put his hands
    on her hips and began to pull her t-shirt up.

        He pulled it up over her tits and told her to raise her arms. She
    did so and the shirt was pulled over her head and discarded on the
    side.

        She looked up at him with her baby doll eyes and brought her hands
    up slowly and put them over his shoulders. "Please, baby. Don't spank
    me. I promise I'll listen to you from now on"

        James looked down into her eyes. He had gotten lost in those very
    same orbs countless numbers of times. He took hold of her wrists and
    placed them at her side.
    "Turn around and take your panties off, Bridgette." Her sexy eyes
    brimmed over in tears when he told her to turn around.

--
Archive-name: Bondage/spicy04.txt
Archive-author: Robert 42
Archive-title: Something a Little Spicy - 04


        It was if Bridgette expected James to change his mind about
    spanking her. She reacted to his command to turn and remove her panties
    by first allowing tears to protrude from her eyes. Then very slowly
    turning and bringing her fingers up to lower her panties from her ass.

        "The quicker you do as I tell you, the quicker it'll all be over
    with" he said from behind her. With no more arguments left, no more
    pleas for mercy left. The only thing Bridgette could do was submit to
    his directive and tearfully remove the only piece of clothing she had
    on.

        She now took her panties down to her thighs and released them,
    letting them flutter down her legs where they came to rest on the floor
    around her ankles.

        "Okay, Bridgette... Turn that chair around this way." She turned
    the chair around, assuming that he meant to sit in the chair and spank
    her while she laid over his lap. She assumed wrong.

        "Now, get up in the chair, kneel on it" he told her. Bridgette was
    a bit surprised at that request, but she looked down at the chair and
    realised what he had in mind.

        She climbed into the chair, facing the mirror that was attached to
    back of her vanity. She looked up and saw in the mirror, everything he
    was doing at the time. it dawned on her that not only was he going to
    spank her naked bottom, but she would be able to see him swinging the
    belt before it hit her.

        But by the same token, she could always catch his eyes in the
    mirror and perhaps persuade him into leniency with her. He stepped to
    her side and reached on the table and picked up her hairbrush. Although
    it was plastic, it was one of the old fashioned type. It had a very
    wide back. The hairbrush was also rather heavy. Make no mistake the
    beautiful brunette would know of it's presence.

        James transferred the brush to his right hand and put his left arm
    around the front of her waist. She turned slightly and looked down
    behind her as he was lining up her sexy bottom for the first stroke.
    "Please baby.... don't hurt meeeeee" she pleaded one last time.

        "30 strokes on your naked ass, then you can stay here and think
    about it for an hour afterward." He decreed.
    "Noooooooo.. Please, Jim.. I'm sorrry baby!..please!"

        Bridgette watched with dread his arm swinging back, then saw in the
    mirror as he brought his arm forward. *SMMMACCCK!*
    "Awwwwww!.. Noooooo Babyyyy.. Nott so harrd!.. Please baby!" Her hands
    gripped the back of the chair she was kneeling in, her knuckles turned
    white.

        Looking in the mirror, Bridgette was dismayed to find that her body
    shielded his face from her eyes. What she COULD see, however was his
    arm swinging back again.

        Her hairbrush whistled through the air as it descended toward it's
    fleshy target. Knowing from watching in the mirror exactly when the
    contact would be made caused Bridgette to tighten her muscles.
    *POPPPPPP!*  She threw her head back and howled in pain when he whacked
    her ass with it 3 more times. *POPPPPP!*  *POPPP!* *SMACCCK!*

        "Ohhh god!.. Please no more, b babeeee!!" she pleaded with him.
    After only 5 strokes, her ass already felt like it was on fire. She
    thought that there was no way possible she would be able to withstand
    30 strokes at this intensity.

        Unfortunately for the lovely lady, James had no intention of
    stopping until he had completely delivered the prescribed 30 strokes.
    His arm around her waist prevented her from moving other than to rock
    her hips back and forth slightly. He gazed intently at her rounded
    asscheeks as he battered them with the hairbrush he wielded.

        Something inside of Bridgette snapped somewhere around the 15th
    stroke. The separate cries that were a result of each individual smack
    of the brush became one long wail of despair. Her will had been
    completely broken. She ceased watching in the mirror, therefore her
    sexy bottom stopped tensing at the moment of impact.

        Her head was tossed back causing her long hair to sweep somewhat
    comfortably over the swell of her reddening asscheeks. Knowing that she
    had lost it, James quickly administered the final 15 strokes to her
    already blazing ass.

        It only took one glance to see that it was a lot more severe that
    the spanking he had given her with his bare hand two weeks earlier. Her
    right cheek already sported the telltale signs of the beginnings of a
    bruise. James leaned around her and set the hairbrush back on the table
    from where he had found it. Then with a loving stroke of her long hair,
    he left her alone for her hour of solitude.

        Bridgette cried openly for the first 5 or 10 minutes, afraid to
    move her hands to her poor tortured bottom as she knew her hands would
    only make it hurt worse. Gradually, her childlike sobs began to subside
    into a steady sniffle and occasional choked cry. She looked up into the
    mirror and saw that her eyes were red and puffy from crying.

        When her crying had completely stopped, her knees were beginning to
    ache from all the kneeling. But she still had another 35 minutes to go
    in her 1 hour sentence. James sat at the kitchen table drinking beer
    and reading that morning's paper. He looked up and smiled to himself
    when he saw her shifting on her knees. If the last time was any
    indication at all, she was undoubtedly feeling the surging fires of
    sexual energy. Which was James' whole reason for the hour of kneeling.
    He wanted to drive her crazy with the feelings.

        After the hour was completed, Bridgette looked around to where
    James was putting the paper away and walking in her direction. She
    smiled weakly at him and affixed him with an adoring gaze while she
    followed him with her eyes. She looked down at the table and saw him
    pick up a bottle of hand lotion and squirt some into his hands.

        Bridgette's bottom had begun to fade into it's natural offwhite
    color, except for the blotch on her right cheek that would be a pretty
    nasty bruise by the morning.

        He rubbed his hands together to spread the lotion and then reached
    out and began rubbing his hands softly over her hot ass. Bridgette
    whimpered in slight pain when she felt the coolness of his lotion coated
    hands moving over her ass. The soothing balm did feel good though, the
    intense burning was quenched a bit by his roaming hands.

        "Jim?" she whispered.. Her throat was raw and dry from crying.
    "Yeah, baby?" he said softly to her..
    "I love you so much, baby."
    "I love you too Bridgette" he told her. She leaned her head back until
    it rested in his shoulder.
    "I'm glad you love me.. Are you still mad at me?" He wrapped his arms
    around her waist and hugged her tight.
    "Of course not. You know I never stay mad at you" He was kissing her
    neck and cheek, she reached back with one of her hands and stroked his
    face with it.
    "Baby, I have to go to the bathroom.. Can I get down now?"
    "Sure, sweetheart" He helped her down from the chair and kept his arm
    around her as her knee joints were pretty stiff. She gave him a brief
    kiss and told him that she would be right back.

        He loved that delicious little swagger in her hips when she walked.
    He sometimes wondered how much of that swagger was natural and how much
    was practiced.

        A few seconds after she closed the bathroom door, he heard the
    sound of running water. Bridgette washed her face with the cold water,
    washing her now dried tears away. Once again, she had been surprised at
    the intensity of the spanking she received. It was only after this
    second punishment she had received from her lover did she begin to
    realize that her father definitely held back when she was younger.

        Not that it really mattered all that much, but she still felt the
    same way afterwards. Maybe a bit more so than she did in her teenage
    years. Bridgette used a wet facecloth to hold against her eyes in an
    attempt to relieve the swelling.

        After a few minutes of that, she drew a glass of water and downed
    it, soothing her ravaged throat. Once she was satisfied with herself,
    she opened the door and returned to the living room. James was sitting
    on the sofa holding her hairbrush again. She stopped at stared at it.

        "Jim, you're  not gonna spank me again, are you baby?" He looked
    at the brush then laughed out loud.
    "Oh, no.. I'm gonna brush your hair!" he told her. Her relief flooded
    through her visibly as she strode across the room and sat on the sofa
    next to him.
    "OOooooo.. My bottom is real sore! You sure whipped my ass good
    tonight!" she smiled faintly, but WAS more than just a little
    uncomfortable.
    She turned her back to him and he started running the brush through her
    beautiful brown mane.
    "Yeah, you'll have a good size bruise on your right cheek by tomorrow"
    he told her matter of factly.
    "mmmmmm.. Maybe I oughta get a pillow to sit on" She said only half
    jokingly.
    "Go ahead.. If you'll be more comfortable." Bridgette shrugged than got
    up and did just that.

        Bridgette returned with the fluffiest pillow she had. setting it
    down on the sofa, she sat gingerly upon it. It was a lot better than
    before.

        James started brushing her hair one she got settled in. "You know,
    I've been thinking about something..." He said then let his voice trail
    off while he absent mindedly brushed her silky hair.
    "What's that, baby?" She said looking down at her nails.. Thinking to
    herself that she would have to do them all over again.
    "Oh.. I was thinking that maybe you should move into my apartment with
    me." His apartment was twice the size of her's.
    She turned around to face him. "Are you serious?" She searched his face
    to see whether he was joking or not.
    "Yes, i'm serious. It would be better for both of us, I think" He knew
    that she wanted to get a new car, but couldn't really afford to by
    living here and paying the rent she did. And there were several things
    he could buy himself is his rent were to be cut in half.

        Bridgette was grinning at him. "What?" he asked.. She climbed up
    into his lap, grimacing as her sore bottom settled in. Putting her
    hands around his neck and licking his nose with the tip of her tongue.
    "And not to mention that you'd have your naughty girl right there where
    you could watch her, right?" She was teasing him. He put his arms
    around her and smiled when her butt wriggled in his lap.
    "Yeah, that too. So what do you think?"
    "Baby, are you trying to tell me that you want me all to yourself?"
    "Yes. I thought that went without saying."
    "Maybe it does.. So you don't trust me around other men, huh?"
    She leaned over until they were touching noses.
    "I wasn't saying that, but now that you mention it.. No I don't" Giving
    her a playful pat on her sore ass.  "You're a born flirt!"

        Bridgette feigned outrage. "Well, I never!!" then she giggled at
    him "Yes I am, aren't I?"
    "Yep!.. But you know what's gonna happen when I catch you flirting,
    don't you, sweetheart?"
    "I'm gonna get a spanking?" She asked in that little girl voice of
    her's.
    "You got it.. so tell me.. You wanna move in with me?"
    "Oh yes!.. I'd love to. When can I start moving?" She asked, planting
    little kisses on his mouth.
    "How about next weekend?" returning the kisses.
    "Ok , baby" she said.. then covered his lips with her own. Letting her
    tongue dart out and graze his lips. "You know i'm all your's"

        They kissed for a long time before Bridgette got up from his lap
    and took his hand. "Come on, lover" She whispered to him as she led him
    into her bedroom.

        Just as a point of interest, when James went down to change the
    tire. It was flat.


        Vickie was kneeling behind Jason on their bed. Jason was on all
    fours with his head planted in a pillow. The reason Vickie knelt behind
    him could be seen in the area of his asshole, which at that moment was
    in the process of being filled with a dildo that his wife had strapped
    to her hips.

        It wasn't the first time Jason had felt the intrusion of the hard
    rubber invading his bowels. The first time Vickie decided to ass fuck
    him, he had to be tied down. As the time went by, he began to learn how
    to relax and take it with a minimum of pain.

        As it was in their early days, Vickie always made sure she fucked
    his ass with all the energy that he slammed his cock into her. Clearly
    a case of the bitten learning how to bite. Jason grabbed the headboard
    while his pretty wife threw her hips at him. He grunted and groaned as
    the placebo prick thundered past his sphincter.

        Vickie often thought about getting fucked in her own ass. But she
    was smart enough to know that Jason would be brutal about doing it. A
    friend of theirs and once told her that if she ever tried it, that she
    should tie a string around his balls so she could tug on it should he
    get a little too out of control.

        She grabbed his hips and ground her groin against his asscheeks.
    The dildo completely buried in him, they rocked back and forth on the
    bed.

        After she made him kneel in front of her and clean the dildo off
    with his mouth, they lay in bed together chatting like they usually
    did.
    "It looks like James is finally gonna settle down" she said to him..
    head on his shoulders, rubbing his muscular chest with the palm of one
    of her hands.
    "Yes, Bridgette will be good for him. You think they'll get married?"
    "I doubt it.. But you never know" She shrugged her shoulders and nuzzled
    closer to him..
    "You know, i've been getting pretty bored with you lately." She wasn't
    really but this idea was sort of pushing it, best to approach it
    carefully.. "Maybe you ought to bring someone home for me to play with"
    He turned to look at her, "I don't know if I'd like that" he said
    apprehensively.
    "Doesn't matter, I don't recall asking if you would like it or not, did
    I?"
    "No, I guess not.. But I don't think it's a good idea."
    "Well if you were a little better in the sack, I wouldn't be so bored.
    Yes, I think i'll do just that." She concluded.
    "Alright" he said, resigned "Who would you like me to bring home?"
    "You decide, I'll let you know what night."

        Jason turned away from her slightly, already wondering who he would
    get to come home with him. "Come on.. You know I love you, I just need
    something to change the routine a little."
    He shook his head "Oh, it's alright. I'll do what you want." He just
    might have a little surprise for her.

        Bridgette had taken a couple of days off from work to pack. It was
    during the early afternoon of one of these days when she got a phone
    call from her sister, Angela. She was in the process of getting
    divorced, and was thinking about moving to Arizona to look for a job.
    She wanted to know if she could stay with her for a few weeks until she
    found something.

        She would love to see her sister again. The last time she had seen
    her was 5 years ago when she went to Cleveland for the christmas
    holidays. The only problem was that she was getting ready to move in
    with James, but she told Angela that she would talk it over with him
    and let her know.

        As it turned out, James was all for the idea. He had an extra
    bedroom and said that she could stay for as long she liked.
    "Oh, Thank you baby!" Bridgette had told him, smothering him with
    kisses.

--
Archive-name: Bondage/spicy05.txt
Archive-author: Robert 42
Archive-title: Something a Little Spicy - 05


        As mentioned before, Angela is a year younger than Bridgette. As
    sisters growing up in Cincinnati, they were as close as two sisters
    could be I suppose.

        Time had been as good to her as it had been to Bridgette. Her 10
    year marriage only fell apart because she didn't feel she could share
    him with his homosexual lover. Maybe Phoenix would be a good place for
    her to start a new carer.. And a new life.

        Okay, let me describe Angela to you. She has the same deep brown
    eyes and long brown hair as Bridgette, but she had grown to a lithe
    5'10" and a sleek 135 lbs. During high school, she frequently had to
    stand one step below her dates for a good night kiss. Although most men
    are intimidated by women who either have brains, or are taller than they
    are, Angela's stunning good looks made her a rather popular girl to
    date in high school and college.

        Sexually, Angela was a rarity of sorts. Being 23 and married when
    she sacrificed her virginity. The man whom she gave it to was the one
    man to have captured her heart and soul. But no sense dwelling on that,
    Angela had no regrets about leaving there to start her new life. she
    didn't even both to look back when she packed her clothes and walked
    out of his house, and his life.

        Angela settled into her seat for the two hour flight to Phoenix.
    Very much looking forward to seeing her sister again. it would be
    strange staying with her and her boyfriend, but there really wasn't
    anything else she could do at the present time. She only hoped that
    there wouldn't be any strain on them because of her.

        James recognised Angela the second she stepped through the door of
    the airplane gate. She came over and embraced his sister for a long
    time before Bridgette introduced her to James. Angela smiled when they
    shook hands, that smile was a lot like Bridgette's. He wondered if the
    looks she shared with her older sister were the only similarities about
    them.

        During the drive back to their apartment, Angela and Bridgette did
    a lot of catching up on old subjects. their 5 year separation meant
    that there were a LOT of subjects to catch up on. The two sisters sat
    up until the early hours of the morning talking.

        James wasn't very surprised to wake up and find that he was the
    only one up. Glancing up at the clock at seeing that it was 10:15, he
    went out and got the paper and sat it on the kitchen table while he put
    a pot of coffee on to brew.

        He had more than half read the paper and drank two cups of coffee
    before Angela walked out of her bedroom and padded toward the kitchen.
    "Ahhhh, a friendly smell!" She said, meaning the coffee. James looked
    up at her standing near the cupboards wearing a silk robe.
    "3rd from the right, if you're looking for cups" She was. making
    herself a cup of coffee, she brought it to the table and sat across
    from James.

        "Whew! We must have stayed up until 4 talking!" He smiled at her.
    "Yeah, she'll talk your ear off if you let her." Angela giggled..
    "Well, I must confess that she isn't the only chatter box.. A family
    trait I suppose." He laughed back at her, James couldn't help but like
    this striking beauty.

        "Bridgette never told me, what kind of work were you looking to get
    into?" he asked her, perhaps he could line up an interview for her at
    his company, they were always looking for clerical people.
    "Well, it seems like a good time to put my degree in business to work."
    "Ahhhh, executive material, are you?" She snickered but turned somber a
    moment later.
    "Do you think it'll be hard for me to get started here?"
    "I don't think so. There are entry level positions available.  Especially
    at Brunsten Mayer." She nodded knowingly..
    "Yes! I've heard that they have an amazing turnover. I'll have to look
    into them."

        Just then, Bridgette walked into the kitchen wearing her usual
    t-shirt. She leaned over behind James' chair and gave him a hug.
    "So, have you been flirting with my baby?" She looked across at her
    sister.
    "Oh yes! You walked in just before I was gonna make a pass at him...
    You really DO look tired, Bridge.. Maybe you should go back to sleep."
    She looked towards James "Don't you think so too, Jim?" She asked
    sweetly. Bridgette's grip tightened on his shoulders.
    "Yes, sweetheart. You really must get more rest." She leaned over and
    bit his neck.
    "More rest, my ass! I can't leave you alone for a second, can I?"
    Tousling his hair before going to the coffee pot. James saw her t-shirt
    raise above her thighs when she reached up into the cupboard to get a
    cup. He got a quick view of her sexy ass, the bruise on her right cheek
    had faded into a faint splotch.

        They had planned to take Angela sightseeing that Sunday, so they
    finished the coffee and all got ready to leave.


        Jason sat at his desk and prepared to meet the salesman coming in
    to make his sales pitch to him on a new product on the computer market.
    It was his job as executive buyer to see all the salespeople that
    sought to sell their products to Jason's company.

        He wasn't quite prepared for the salesman to be one of the most
    beautiful women he had ever laid eyes on. She had sandy blonde hair and
    piercing blue eyes. He was aware that he was staring after she had
    introduced herself as Anna Chreutov and was looking curiously at him.
    "Yes, of course" he said quickly, extending a hand which she took
    lightly. "Please, sit down." He gestured toward a chair which the
    gorgeous blonde seemed to slink into.

        He found himself unable to keep his eyes from her. She was a
    goddess. Jason hardly heard a word she was saying about the computer
    system she was trying to sell him. The only things he was aware of were
    her hypnotic blue eyes and her shapely legs as she sat with them
    crossed.

        He made himself glance at the brochure she handed him.
    "What kind of maintenance can we count on from you?" I don't want to
    mislead you into thinking this was just someone trying to peddle a
    computer system. Jason's company was in the market to buy one, hence
    the visit of Anna.

        She outlined the maintenance plan while he gazed into her eyes,
    becoming completely captivated. "I'll tell you, I have a lot of
    questions to ask you. Would you care to answer them over lunch?"
    Anna dazzled him with her smile, "I'd love to!" Standing as Jason stood
    and walked around the desk.

        When they got to the restaurant, they were seated and promptly
    served drinks. Anna sipped her drink then asked him "Be honest, do we
    have a chance to make this sale?" Oops, he had almost forgotten that
    this WAS a business lunch.
    "Of course you do..." He got his act together and grilled her on the
    questions he had.

        I don't know if it was the sales pitch, the salesperson, or the
    product. But as far as Jason was concerned, Anna had a sale. He didn't
    tell her right then that he had decided, he took her business card and
    told her that he would let her know one way or the other what he
    decided.


        James got home from work Thursday afternoon to an empty apartment.
    It was the second day this week and the 4th time since Angela had come
    to stay with them that this had happened.

        What they were doing, was running around town. He had casually
    asked Angela how her job search was going. She had just shrugged and said
    that she was "heartened by the reaction to her" Whatever that meant. He
    suspected that she hadn't done a whole lot in the way of job hunting.

        While Angela was an absolute delight to have around, James was more
    than a little pissed at what had been going on with her and Bridgette
    since she had arrived.

        So he made dinner and ate alone. Putting everything in the oven to
    keep warm for the two sisters when they got home. It was nearly 9
    o'clock by the time they breezed through the door. They were laughing
    at some private joke when they saw James sitting on the sofa watching
    television.

        "Hi baby, Bridgette called to him while they removed their jackets
    and hung them near the door. James turned off the TV and asked "Where'd
    you two go, today?" as Angela went into the bathroom. Bridgette had
    seen that look in his eyes before.
    "We just went to have lunch and see a movie." She had started to tell
    him about their afternoon when Angela emerged from the bathroom and sat
    on a chair facing the sofa.
    "How's the job search going, Angie?" He asked, cutting Bridgette off in
    mid sentence. Angela shrugged.
    "Same as before, I guess." James nodded at her.
    "Ahhh, you mean you haven't looked yet?" She looked at him quizzically
    "Yes, I've looked but..." He held up a hand silencing her
    "And how long do you expect to have a job missing two days a week?" He
    asked of Bridgette.

     She said nothing, just watched him with a look of apprehension on her
    face.
    "No, Angie. I know for a fact that you haven't got up off your ass to
    look for a job yet." Her mouth flew open to protest. He didn't let her
    get a word in.
    "Well, you have an interview with Brunsten Mayer on Monday morning..
    You DO have a resume?" She glared at him.
    "Yes I do" she said coldly. She didn't like his condescending tone the
    least little bit.
    "Fine" He looked over to Bridgette. "Well, what have you to say for
    yourself?"
    "Nothing at all" she said in a small voice.
    "Nothing, huh?.. Alright then, come here" Bridgette knew what was
    coming. "Baby,can we do this later?" she asked him as she walked to
    where he was sitting.
    "No, we do it now and it's over."  Angela looked on with shock as her
    sister had pulled her jeans down and was laying bare assed over his
    lap. She stood up to go to her room.
    "Sit down, Angie." He said sternly. She sat and stared, stunned at what
    was taking place in front of her.

        James started smacking her bottom fast and furious. Bridgette was
    quickly crying out and begging forgiveness. She kicked her legs in the
    air and squirmed in his lap while he soundly spanked her. Almost as
    fast as he started, he stopped. The only sound in the apartment was
    that of Bridgette's sobs as she laid over his lap and looked at her
    sister with unseeing eyes.

        Telling her that he was finished, she got up from his lap and stood
    off to his side rubbing her bottom as if trying to make the sting go
    away. James looked over at Angela who sat mesmerized on the chair.
    "Ok, Angie. Come here" He beckoned to her.
    "No!" She shouted at him, truly insulted at what he intended to do to
    her.
    "Angela, I said come here." James said firmly. But not raising his
    voice. Her eyes blazed at him. Angela stood up and screamed.
    "You can go to HELL!!!" before running from the room into the safety of
    her bedroom.

        Bridgette took off her jeans and told James that she would go talk
    to her sister.


        Angela had a suitcase opened on her bed and was in the process of
    transferring her clothes to it when Bridgette walked in naked from the
    waist down. She walked to the bed and moved the suitcase back, taking
    Angela's hands and telling her to sit. They sat on the bed facing each
    other.

        "Angie, do you remember when daddy used to spank us?" She nodded
    silently. She had been the recipient of countless spankings while still
    living at home.
    "Be honest with me." Bridgette started "Did you ever get a spanking
    that you did not deserve?" Angela DID think about it. She had to admit
    that she had never been given a spanking that she didn't deserve. She
    shook her head.


        "It's the same way now" Bridgette explained. Angela spoke for the
    first time.
    "No it isn't. We're not at home and he's not daddy." She said pointing
    to the door. She was burning mad at what had just taken place in the
    living room.
    "No, he isn't daddy" Bridgette agreed "But we still deserve it from
    time to time." Angela shook her head again.
    "You can speak for yourself. I'm not a little girl anymore"
    "And do you think *I* am?" Angela had to laugh at that.
    "No, I guess not."
    "He loves me, and I only get it when I deserve it."
    "Yeah, but what gives him the right to decide that?" Angela wanted to
    know. Bridgette didn't hesitate with the answer.
    "I gave him that right. You see sometimes others know what's best for us
    better than we do."
    "Bridge, that's sick! How can you say that?"
    "Was it sick when daddy used to spank your ass?"

        The memories came back to her almost as if they were yesterday.
    `Yes daddy, I know you love me'..... `I'm sorry, daddy. I'll be a good
    girl from now on'.. "No, it was different then."
    Bridgette shook her head slowly. "No, Angie. It's no different. Believe
    me it's the same way."

        Angela had a lot of trouble understanding what it was her sister
    was trying to tell her. "What are you saying?"
    "I'm saying that you should go out there and take the spanking you
    deserve." Angela shot her an angry glare.
    "No WAY! As a matter of fact, i'm gonna leave here tonight."
    "Where are you gonna go, Angie?" She shrugged
    "I don't know.. But i'm getting out of here. I just can't stay."

        Bridgette stood up and walked to the door, turning to face her
    sister before she opened it.
    "Suit yourself, baby sister. But let me tell you something before you
    go. I know Jim wouldn't waste his time if he didn't care about you. And
    that's one thing you sure can't afford to ignore. So leave if you want.
    But ask yourself if it's at all worth it... Now you think about that"
    Bridgette said, then opened the door and shut it behind her when she
    walked out.


        James was leaned back on the sofa watching TV when his lover came
    out and sat next to him. He put his arm around her shoulders when she
    snuggled up to him.
    "I didn't think she would act like that" He said. "I guess she doesn't
    understand us."
    "No, baby. She understands. Angie will be out here in a little while,
    wait and see."
    "I don't know if it's a good idea now. As mad as she got."
    Bridgette snickered and cuddled closer.
    "It's a good idea. Once she realizes that, she'll be out here."
    "BUT!" she said, poking him in the ribs. "You'd better not get any wise
    ideas.. Your ass belongs to me!" He laughed and hugged her.
    "Don't worry about me." She gave him a quick kiss..
    "Okay, baby. But i'm starved" And with that, she got up and went into
    the kitchen.


        James turned his attention back to the program he had been watching
    while Bridgette rummaged in the kitchen for dinner. It was about 10
    minutes later when the door to Angela's bedroom opened and she stepped
    out. Her eyes were puffy and red as she had obviously been crying. She
    stood at the door for a moment before walking to where James sat and
    stood on the side of him, looking down. James gazed at her.

        "Jim, I'm sorry that I snapped at you." She said in a low voice.
    During her self imposed exile in her room, Angela had a bout with her
    feelings. Her current actions told the story of what feelings won that
    battle.
    "That's ok, Angie" he said "I just don't want to see you get into
    trouble out here." She smiled weakly
    "I know. I also understand that you're thinking of my best interests. I
    want you to know i'm grateful for that." He nodded but was silent.
    Bridgette watched from the kitchen table and caught James' eye for a
    moment.

        "You wanted me to come here" Angela said hesitantly.. "And uhhh
    here I am" James started to say that there was no need for that but he
    happened to catch Bridgette out of the corner of his eye. She was
    nodding her head and gesturing toward her sister.

        "Ok, Angie" He said as he sat up straight. "I want you to take your
    jeans down to your knees then sit here next to me."
    Angela's lips quivered but she nodded slowly and with trembling
    fingers, she unsnapped her jeans and worked them off of her hips.

        As her long graceful legs were uncovered, James gestured to the
    sofa next to him and told her to sit down.

--
Archive-name: Bondage/spicy06.txt
Archive-author: Robert 42
Archive-title: Something a Little Spicy - 06


        Angela trembled all over as she sat on the sofa next to James, with
    her jeans pulled down to her knees. He took her hand in his and told
    her exactly how he was going to do this.

        "When you lay down over my lap i'm going to take your panties down"
    Her strength quickly vanished as she silently nodded. Bringing her hand
    toward him, she allowed herself to be pulled over. James could see her
    slightly shaking as her panty covered bottom turned up at him.

        James looked down at her long, slender legs before placing his
    hands on her hips and began pulling her panties down. Angela raised her
    hips slightly to assist him in the task.

        Once her ass was bared, James looked up at Bridgette who watched
    with a glazed look in her eyes. She caught his gaze and smiled at him.

        Angela placed her hands on the armrest of the sofa and gripped it
    tightly as she waited in silence for the spanking to commence. Quickly,
    James began slapping the smooth asscheeks one after the other.

        She squirmed furiously as his hand fell repeatedly on her exposed
    bottom. Her cries were coming softly while the stinging slaps continued
    to rain down on her.

        A change quickly came over her as her stinging ass began to redden
    under his strong hand. Angela's ass elevated as if reaching out for the
    next stroke. Her hands held the armrest tighter as the pain in her ass
    seemed to spread into her cunt. Her breathing became labored as she
    groaned with each new stroke instead of crying out.

        James ceased the spanking. Her hips raised higher for more. "Noo!..
    Don't stop, Jim... Oh god!" She wriggled a hand under her and started
    rubbing her clit hard. She gasped as her fingers sent electric sparks
    shooting within her.
    "Ohhhh yes!!. Spank meeee, Darling... Spank me!!"
    He looked in confusion to Bridgette who was breathing heavy as she had
    2 fingers thrust up her own cunt.
    "Do it, Baby!.. Spank her ass!"

        Now at her request, James lifted his hand and slammed it down on
    the leggy woman's elevated bottom. *CRACCCK!*
    "Ooooo Yes!!" Angela cried out while her fingers blazed over her clit.
    Her hips were falling and rising in time with her shallow breathing.

        He timed his slaps so that when her bottom thrust up toward him,
    she would be rewarded with another stinging shot from his palm. After 4
    or 5 more of these, Angela came to her knees with her head in the
    cushioned seat. Her hand moved quicker over her gushing pussy while she
    screamed out her pleasure.
    "OH GOD!.. I'm coming!.. Oooo Baby.. Slap me again.. hard!"

        James gave her what she asked for, his heavy head caught her right
    smack in the middle of her burning but happy bottom.
    "Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!" Angela collapsed over his lap and gurgled incoherently
    when her climax overtook her senses.

        As the mindblowing spasms of her come began to subside, Angela
    became aware of the stiff lump in James' pants.
    "Oh man!" she exclaimed "I can't believe I actually came from being
    spanked!" James looked over at his lover who had totally forgotten her
    dinner.
    "Well, you said she'd be out here, baby.. You were right."
    Bridgette acted outraged. "This isn't fair! She got to come and I
    didn't!" Angela wriggled her blushing bottom sensuously in his lap.
    "Mmmmmmmm I think you have something to take care of, Bridge.."
    James had to laugh at the two sisters.
    "You wanna come too baby?" He teased her. "Come on over here and I'll
    see what I can do for you."

        Bridgette didn't need to be told twice. In a flash she was up from
    the table and on the sofa with James and Angela..
    "Come on. I'll do you like I did Angie" gesturing to the crimson bottom
    still wriggling on his lap.
    "Mmmmmm.. That sounds nice, baby.." She playfully slapped her sister's
    thighs.. "Move aside baby sister... My turn now!"

        Angela got up and took her jeans and panties completely off and
    kneeled on the far end of the sofa as Bridgette took her place over his
    lap.. She did as she saw her sister do a little earlier. Elevating her
    sexy bottom and moved a hand under her to manipulate her wet pussy.

        James slapped her bottom twice then stopped. "My hand is stinging
    too much... Do me a favor and go into our room and get that hairbrush
    off the desk." He asked of Angela, who got up do to his bidding.

        Bridgette turned to look coyly up at him. "She's something else,
    isn't she?" James agreed with her and groaned when she gave his
    imprisoned cock a good squeeze.

        Angela returned and gave him the hairbrush then resumed her former
    place on the sofa and diddled her pussy while watching.

        James lifted the brush and started smacking it on his lover's
    rounded asscheeks while she played with her cunt.
    "Ummmmmmm.. Oh yeah!.. It feeeeels good, Baby!.. OOoooo A little
    harder, baaaaby!" Angela made a whimpering sound as she watched her
    sister's ass undulating in the air while James smacked it with her wide
    backed hairbrush.

        He found by experimenting that Angela seemed to react strongest
    when the stroke connected on the overhang of her ass. He employed that
    knowledge to Bridgette as she brought herself closer to her own climax
    with her scissoring fingers.
    "Ohhh Don't stop!.... Harder, baby.. OH YES! Make me come!!.. Make me
    commme!" 2 strokes later, he did just that. At the moment when her come
    started, she quickly moved her hand away and rode her orgasm out on his
    lap.. wildly grinding her sexy hips into his lap.

        When Bridgette came down from her incredible high, she turned
    around and looked up into James' face and smiled through her tears.
    "That was wild! it hurt but it felt so good" Angela agreed with her on
    that point.
    "Angie.. Did you ever get turned on when daddy spanked you?"

        Angela blushed and nodded her head. "yeah, me too. she turned on
    her side facing James and grabbed his prick through his pants.
    "I think it's time I took care of this, right here" She flashed him a
    sexy smile.
    "Good idea" He said. "It's about time for bed anyhow"
    "Mmmmmmmm.. Looks like i'm in for a HARD night tonight!" She giggled
    and looked at the gleam in Angela's eyes.
    "Angie, you wanna come with us, baby sister?" She asked her.
    "I don't know.. but I am still pretty hot."
    "Jim, is it ok if she comes with us, baby?" Bridgette gave him a
    smoking look of lust.
    "Mmmmm yeah, you want to Angie?" Angela nodded her consent.
    They all got up and retired to the master bedroom together.

        Their cries of passion and lust carried until the early morning
    hours, when their sexual energies spent, they fell into a blissful
    sleep entwined in each other's arms and legs.


        Jason had told Vickie that he may have found someone to bring home,
    but that he wasn't positive. What she did in response was to take him
    into the bedroom and give him a severe ass whipping with a riding crop,
    then telling him to work harder at getting her a new playmate.

        He was having a bit of trouble sitting still at his desk the next
    morning. the whipping he had received the night before was sure to
    linger with him for at least the next couple of days. His secretary had
    long since learned how to handle him when he got into these moods. Now,
    she didn't know why, but she knew that every once in a while he was
    rather touchy. So she acted accordingly to his moods. Which is probably
    the reason he brought her with him when he got transferred over from
    San Antonio.

        Jason waited until he was sure Anna would be in before calling the
    number on her business card. He had already decided that he would not
    only buy the computer from her, but also bring her home to meet Vickie.
    His only problem was to figure out exactly how he would do it.

        He called her and asked if she would mind coming to his office to
    further discuss her product. She agreed like a salesperson hot on the
    trail of a lucrative sale.

        It was 11:00 when the stunning blonde was showed into his office.
    He stood and took her hand, remarking that it was nice to see her
    again. Anna sat on a chair facing his desk and crossed her legs, giving
    him an alluring view of her stockinged legs. Her skirt was rather short
    as it was, but when she sat the hem rose to mid thigh.

        After pleasantries were exchanged, Jason got down to business.
    "Uhhh, Just one or two more questions. How long would it take you to
    have your system installed?" Anna was ready with an answer as soon as
    the words were out of his mouth.
    "Once given the sale, we could have it up and running within 2 weeks"
    Jason nodded and pretended to write on a notepad on his desk.
    "2 Weeks." He said thoughtfully "Sounds like a winner to me. All we
    have to do now is release a purchase order and we're all set."
    Anna's smile brightened the room when she flashed it.
    "Great! I think i'll take YOU to lunch today, you free?"

        He laughed and told her "No, but I am extremely cheap." Anna smiled
    even broader, standing and leaning over his desk striking a provocative
    pose. "Well don't worry, honey. I'll respect you in the morning." she
    said huskily, causing his cock to lurch in his pants.

        Business was all but forgotten once Jason instructed his secretary
    to type the purchase order for the new computer system. Giving him the
    benefit of the doubt, he HAD purchased the best computer for the money.
    I just wouldn't want you thinking that he had ulterior motives.

        Anna took him to a nice restaurant about 20 minutes from his
    office. Their conversation during lunch was laced with sexual innuendos
    and several smoking looks. Her hand moved under the table during desert
    and found his thigh. He was in the middle of telling her about his
    transfer from Texas when he felt her soft touch, stopping him in mid
    sentence.

        She leaned over and kissed him lightly on the lips. "My apartment
    is right around the corner" she cooed in his ear. They paid the check
    and decided to have desert and coffee at a different place. If Anna was
    the least bit worried about him being married, she didn't show it. Once
    they were safely in her apartment. Her arms were around him with her
    mouth hungrily kissing him.

        He stopped her advances saying that he needed to call the office
    and tell them he wouldn't be returning that afternoon. Once he made the
    call, he turned around to find Anna standing totally naked except for
    her stockings and garter belt. If he had taken the chance to look
    around this apartment, he would have noticed that he was in a very
    expensive place. But being human, he was unable to remove his eyes from
    the goddess standing before him.

        She took him into her bedroom and had him sit on the bed. She knelt
    and began taking off his shoes and socks. Jason had already shed his
    coat and shirt. Anna kept her eyes locked to his as she reached up and
    undid his pants, he helped by lifting his ass off the bed while she
    removed them. Once his cock sprang out, her head became buried in his
    lap, licking and sucking his shaft.

        Jason hadn't had his cock sucked since his wife had taken over
    their sex life. Anna's warm mouth felt incredible. He entwined her
    silky hair in his hands while she slurped on his prick. She used her
    tongue and teeth expertly on his pulsating pole, her hands moved behind
    his back and held him there while she gave him an earth shattering blow
    job.

        He was moaning in pleasure, almost sure he had died and gone to
    heaven. Anna straightened up and gazed at him with her hypnotic blue
    eyes. "Lay back on the bed. I wanna 69 with you."  Used to doing what
    he was told in the bedroom, Jason moved onto the bed and laid on his
    back.

        Anna climbed onto the bed with him and straddled his neck while
    facing away. Before her creamy thighs lowered onto his neck, Jason
    stared into the delectable cheeks of her ass and saw several faint
    lines tattooed across them. The musky scent of her pussy wafted to his
    nose and suddenly he felt his dick being drawn into her mouth again.

        Jason reached up with his hands and spread her asscheeks open. Then
    he stuck his tongue out and probed it into the wetness hidden between
    her luscious cheeks. Anna whimpered in pleasure when his tongue slipped
    into her pussy.

        They orally teased each other for about 5 or 6 minutes when Anna
    got up and turned around, backing up until her ass bumped into his hard
    cock. She guided it to her drenched pussy hole and gingerly sat down on
    it.

        She opened her mouth and emitted a piercing moan, leaning over and
    crushing her tits against his chest. Jason grabbed her bottom and
    started thrusting up into her. Anna cooed in his ear and asked to be
    fucked harder.

        Her hair fell and spread all over his face before he sought on her
    moth and engaged her in tongue warfare. Anna was slamming her back
    against his crotch, delighting in the wonderful way his prick pounded
    into her.
    "Oh Shit!!.. I need it harder, Babe.. Fuck me from the back!.. Like a
    dog!!" Anna's voice was ragged and husky. She jumped off of him and
    knelt on the bed, pointing her delectable ass in the air at him. It
    wriggled sensuously as he got behind her and guided his dick to her
    waiting hole.

        Jason hammered into her, feeling her soft fleshy ass slapping
    against him while he fucked her like a man possessed. This was the way
    he fucked.. Fast, hard, and furious. Which just happened to be the type
    of fucking Anna craved. The harder he pistoned his cock into her, the
    more she squealed and begged him to fuck harder.

        "Oh YES!.. Give it to me!!.. Harder!!.. HARDER!" Jason was quickly
    losing his breath and the furious fucking took it's toll on his
    strength. Anna was in the midst of a fantastic roller coaster ride at
    the Orgasm amusement park. She chanted his name over and over again as
    the come spilled out of his heavy balls and coated the walls of her
    spasming cunt.

        Once all the come drained from his balls, Anna fell forward on the
    bed and turned over on her back.
    "God, You're so good!" she said to him. Making him beam with pride, of
    course the way he liked to fuck was exactly the opposite of the way
    Vickie liked it.  He leaned over and kissed her tenderly on the lips.
    "You're not so bad yourself, sweetheart." He fell to his side next to
    her and caressed her breasts and stomach.

        They stayed in bed cuddling for a few minutes when Jason told her
    about the lines he saw on her ass.
    "Oh, you saw them, huh?" Anna asked, slightly blushing. "Well, I like
    men to be kinda rough with me." She said, explaining it.
    "Oh I understand what you mean, believe me" He turned over on his
    stomach showing her his ass. Which still sported the telltale marks of
    the riding crop from the night before.

        "Oh you poor baby!" Anna exclaimed. She got up and started running
    her tongue all over his bruised ass. "Here, let me make it feel better,
    babe" Gliding her mouth over the bruises, quickly having his asscheeks
    glistening with her saliva.

        "And that's how you like it?" He turned around and asked her.
    Anna sat back on the bed and gazed at him.
    "Yes, would you like to whip me?" I have a cat-o-nine you can use."
    He shook his head. "No. I was just kind of surprised that you were into
    it" Anna shrugged her shoulders. "I don't see what's so surprising
    about it."
    "I don't know. I just never would of thought it, that's all."  She
    laughed out loud, flashing her million dollar smile at him.
    "Well, I don't advertise in the yellow pages!" They both got a good
    laugh out of it.

        A few minutes later, after they took a quick shower together and
    were getting dressed, Jason asked her whether she would get in trouble
    at work. She looked his sideways as she tilted her head.
    "No. Don't you know that I own that company?" No, he didn't know. he
    thought he was dealing with a highly successful salesperson.

        It was nearly 4:00 by the time they got back out to her car so she
    could take him back to the office. During the ride, they chatted about
    their respective sex lives.

        Jason discovered that her ex-husband was the one who started
    whipping her and treating her rough. She confessed that she liked the
    treatment well enough, but he was often brutal with her. So she had
    divorced him 3 years earlier and went in search for "The perfect
    spanking" as she put it. When asked what that was, she couldn't explain
    it to him.

        Before he got out of her car. He decided to go for broke and invite
    her over to his house for dinner. "Your house?.. What would your wife
    say?" She asked coyly.
    "Well.. Uhh She's the one who wants me to bring someone home for her to
    play with. But I must confess she expected a man... although she didn't
    specify"

        Anna seemed to think it over. "Yeah, why the hell not!.. What
    time?" He gave her his address and told her Saturday at 7:00.
    "Great!" she said, leaning over and kissing him full on the mouth.
    "I'll see you then!" she said as Jason got out of her car. He stood and
    watched her as she pulled out onto the road and drove off.

--
Archive-name: Bondage/spicy07.txt
Archive-author: Robert 42
Archive-title: Something a Little Spicy - 07


        Angela went on her job interview and found that James' influence
    opened a lot of doors for her. She was hired not at entry level, but in
    a secure middle executive position. She was so excited by the prospect
    of starting this new job that she called James at work and told him
    that she was taking he and Bridgette out to dinner to celebrate.

        She spent the better part of that afternoon meeting several people
    and was introduced to her own staff. There was something in the eyes of
    her assistant, Scott Trailor that made her shudder in excitement. When
    their eyes met she found that she had to look away as he seemed to be
    looking right through her.

        She was to begin working there the following monday, but was asked
    to be present at the staff meeting that Friday. She agreed and left,
    setting out to do some shopping before that evening.


        Vickie became enraged when Jason told her that he was bringing home
    a woman for her. He coolly shrugged his shoulders and told her that she
    hadn't specified what gender the person could be.
    "Call her this instant and tell her not to come!" She said sternly, and
    with finality.
    "No, I invited her over for dinner. Saturday at 7:00" She glared at him
    and decided to blister his ass, but good.
    "Get your pants down, you fuckin worm!.. I'll teach you to be a
    smartass" Jason didn't budge from were he was sitting at the kitchen
    table.
    "I was thinking we should have something nice for dinner. What do you
    think?" Her face got red as her anger rose.
    "Didn't you hear me tell you to get your pants down?"
    "Yeah I heard you. But I'm not going to do it." She jumped up out of
    her chair, nearly knocking over a glass of coke she was drinking.
    "WHAT?.. You get your ass bare, and RIGHT NOW!" She was ready to
    explode at any second.
    "I just told you that I wasn't going to do it. Now sit down" He told
    her matter of factly.

        Vickie lashed out with her hand to slap him across the side of his
    head. It probably would have knocked him silly had he not saw it coming
    and caught her wrist with his hand. Vickie's jaw dropped open when he
    gripped her with an iron fisted hand.
    "Now you listen to me. After last night, I'm too goddamn sore to get
    whipped again."
    "You never cared before." She said, beginning to calm down a little
    "Do you know that I nearly couldn't sit down at all today?" She shook
    her head.
    "Well that's why you're not whipping my ass tonight, you got it?"
    "Yeah, ok.. Let me go now, Jason" She was over her burst of anger for
    the most part.

        Jason didn't want to let her go. He tugged on her wrist and caught
    her around the waist. Pulling her down on his lap.
    "Why don't you let me tell you why I picked Anna?" Vickie raised her
    eyebrow. "Oh, Anna is her name? You know her well?"

        "I met her at the office, she sold us our new computer system.. But
    that's not why I picked her."
    "Oh ok.." She said with a sarcastic laugh "They tell me why." She put
    her hands around his neck.
    "Well, it's very simple. I thought you'd might like to have two people
    at your command." She looked thoughtful.
    "Wait, you mean she's submissive?" He nodded his head gravely.
    "Yes. I figured you'd enjoy that." That winning smile returned to her
    lips.
    "Yeah, that would be interesting. Is she pretty?" He nodded again.
    "Very pretty." She leaned closer to him, bringing her face up to his.
    "Prettier than me?" she said. kissing his nose lightly.
    "Tough question. Yes and no".. She giggled at him.
    "You should be in politics. What do you mean, `Yes and no'??" His hand
    fell to her thigh, patting it lovingly.
    "Well, her face is prettier, but your body looks better."
    "Ohhhhhh!" She said as if she were just insulted. "And did you see her
    body up close and personal?"
    "Well, umm yes I did. that's how I found out. She had marks on her ass"
    "You know, I'm not going to ask you what occasion you had to look at
    her ass like that. Because I think you and her have been rolling around
    some sheets."
    "It's not like that.. Just the one time, today." She smiled ruefully.
    "Listen. It's really ok. Just as long as you remember who you're
    married to." He patted her thigh reassuringly.
    "Look baby, you're the one i'm in love with. But seriously, you might
    want to question us both about how we met." Vickie burst out laughing..
    leaning her forehead against his.
    "Are you some kind of mind reader?.. That's exactly what I intend to
    do." He laughed with her.
    "Ok!.. You'll really like her. She's a sweet girl."

        Vickie got up from his lap then repositioned herself to where she
    straddled him. His hands held her lower back while hers were draped
    over his shoulders.
    "You know what?. If I didn't love you so much, I'd toss your ass outta
    here, you skunk!" she said to him while he massaged her asscheeks
    through her jogging shorts.
    "And if you weren't the sexiest lady I know I woulda let you throw me
    out." He countered. She kissed him deeply as her crotch ground up
    against him.
    "Hey, baby" he said as he wormed his hands into her shorts.. feeling
    the soft flesh of her ass in his hands. "How about us switching off
    tonight. Let me be in command for a change."
    "Mmmmmmm" she sighed while swaying her bottom on his hands. "What's the
    matter. Did that girl get you all hot and bothered?"
    "No.. You have me hot and bothered right now... I think i'll put you
    over my knee and give YOU a spanking.. How about that?" She giggled at
    her husband.
    "And what if I don't let you?" she asked coquettishly
    "Then i'll do it anyway!" He kissed her softly on the lips.
    She leaned back a little to study his face.
    "Not too hard, ok?" He kissed her again.
    "What would you tell me if I said that?" She looked at him and said
    levelly.
    "I would tell you that it's not your decision and then whip you harder
    for asking." He stood up and she wrapped her legs around him. "That's
    right.. We'll discuss it in the bedroom."

        They kissed feverishly for a long time before Jason started walked
    toward the bedroom, with Vickie holding on tight with her arms and
    legs. Once inside their bedroom, Jason brought her to the bed and laid
    her on it, leaning over her while they resumed kissing. His hands found
    their way under her shirt and began teasing her nipples. Vickie allowed
    a slight moan to escape from her lips.

        Vickie's legs were still wrapped around his waist as she lay back
    on the bed, holding his shoulders tightly while they kissed and
    caressed. Bringing his hands out from under her shirt, he reached down
    and found the bottom of it, pulling it up toward her neck and over it
    while she lifted her head off the bed to allow it to be removed. His
    hands went back to her bare tits while she moaned in his ear while
    alternately biting the lobe.

        It was exciting for her to lay back and allow herself to be made
    love to. Although she was totally thrilled about being able to have him
    and her beckon call, this was an enjoyable sidetrack.

        Jason stood up and grasped her jogging shorts in his hands. Vickie
    raised her heels to his shoulders causing him to pull her shorts UP
    instead of down. He stepped to the side and wrapped an arm around both
    her calfs while he used his other hand to rid her body of her shorts
    and panties.

        He released her legs once he had her naked. Vickie bent them and
    placed her feet on the edge of the bed. Jason sat down next to her and
    leaned over to kiss her while one of his hands made it's way between
    her slightly spread legs and cup her pussy.
    "ooooo baby..That feels nice" she whispered to him when he let a finger
    slip into the crack and slide against her clit. He wasn't surprised to
    find her already soaking wet.

        Her body became an inferno of passion while he probed her cunt with
    his hand, kissed her lips, neck and breasts... letting his tongue glide
    over her erect nipples. Vickie sighed in pleasure each time his finger
    would contact her clit. As she began to float into orgasmic oblivion,
    she suddenly felt herself being pulled up from the bed and quickly
    found herself being draped over his lap.

        Her feet barely touched the ground when Jason picked her up and
    plopped her facedown on his lap. Her head hung over the other side
    while her hands reached out for the floor underneath her.

        "Vickie, do you know what's going to happen?" he asked her.
    "Yes" she said softly.
    "Then say it" he demanded of her.
    "I'm going to get a spanking." was her husky reply.
    "Do you know where?" His hand reached between her legs and fingered her
    pussy from behind.
    "On my bare bottom." she answered him..
    "Yes, on your beautiful bare bottom" he said.

        Her ass squirmed in both anticipation and dread of what Jason was
    about to do. Yes, she wanted it to happen. But that doubt is always
    there. She knew it was his revenge of sorts for all the times she had
    whipped his ass. She wondered if he would be as severe.

        Vickie didn't have time for any more thoughts on the matter.
    Jason's hand rose and fell on her upturned bottom.
    "Ahhhh!" was all that came from her. Her back arched in surprise and
    her ass was rewarded with 3 more sharp slaps. She ground her pelvis on
    his lap while he slapped her shapely asscheeks in turn.

        The red hot pain shot through her acting like a conduit for her
    throbbing pussy and itching nipples. No doubt about it, he was setting
    her on fire in a completely different way than she was used to.

        Vickie's tears fells from her eyes and to the floor while Jason
    continued to spank her scorched bottom. She felt herself reaching for
    the searing spanks within herself. Mentally, she lounged in the
    bittersweet sensations on her blushing bottom. His strokes began to
    ease up until he was merely patting then rubbing her ass.

        Now he picked her up and set her on the bed. Rapidly taking his own
    clothes off while Vickie groaned and writhed while she waited for him.
    Her ass may have been hot from the punishment it was subjected to, but
    her pussy was nearly steaming.

        Jason crawled between her legs, easily and slowly pressing his dick
    inside of her sopping cunt. She sighed in bliss when she felt him enter
    her, putting her hands around him while wrapping her legs around his
    trunk. Holding on tight for the pounding that was about to start.

        It never started, this being an evening of firsts for them. Jason
    made love to her slowly and tenderly. It was to Vickie, like she always
    knew it could be should he slow down and not batter her cunt. She came
    fast and murmured contentedly in his ear while his prick sent her
    higher and higher.

        Five minutes and two more orgasms later, Vickie openly cried out in
    sheer pleasure as his gentle love making continued. This was the golden
    moment she had awaited for the longest time. Reaching between their
    bodies, she grabbed his prick and twisted slightly, causing him to slip
    out. She asked him to push her legs back farther, which he did, causing
    her ass to rise higher off the bed.

        There eyes locked in a tender embrace as Vickie guided her
    husband's cock to the puckered opening of her asshole.
    "Just go slow, baby.. Be gentle" was all she said before pressing out
    with her hips applying pressure on her asshole.

        Jason leaned forward increasing the pressure until her sphincter
    abandoned the fort and his prick popped into her back passage. Vickie's
    mouth flew open and her eyes widened when she felt the painful, but
    satisfying entry. Jason's eyes were glazed over as he grooved on the
    amazing tightness that gripped his cock like a velvet glove.
    "Oh god, baby!.. Oh my god. please go slow, Jason.."
    He went slow. gradually feeding more and more of his dick into her ass
    while smothering her face with kisses. Tears still poured from her eyes
    but she smiled at him when she felt his pubic hair pressed against her
    still burning asscheeks.

        "Oh!.. You're all the way in me!" was the shocked words that came
    from her throat.
    "Does it hurt, sweetheart?" He asked her.
    "Some.. But fuck my ass baby.. Oh I want it!!"

        He very slowly moved his cock back and forth in her tight channel
    until Vickie got used to it and started pushing her hips at him.

        Little by little he picked up the pace of his strokes until he was
    ass fucking her in a steady motion. Vickie moaned while the exquisite
    sensations of having her ass fucked totally consumed her. It was like
    falling off a cliff, free falling through the nothingness of air until
    another inward stroke of his cock jolted her back to reality.

        Jason's breath came hard and labored as he strained to keep from
    losing control over himself. Never before had he taken the time to
    truly savor the experience of making love. Below him, Vickie tossed her
    head from side to side as her asshole stretched to accommodate his
    invading cock. Her hair was strewn wildly over her pretty face,
    several strands of her platinum mane became matted to her face. Stuck
    there by the salty tears that seeped from her eyes.

        Jason could control it no longer. He pushed Vickie's legs back
    farther and started fucking her tender asshole with growing force as he
    felt his balls tighten in prelude of shooting a load inside her bowels.

        Vickie squealed in ecstasy, her fingers dug into the supple flesh
    of his shoulders when he pushed her ass higher and started fucking her
    hard.
    "Ohh shit!.. It's soo good!.. FUCK me!.. Fuck my ass, baby!!" She lost
    all sense of time when she became enveloped in the bliss of another
    powerful orgasm, only vaguely aware of the warm sperm enema she
    received from her husband. Oh, she wished the incredible feelings would
    go on forever.

        They held each other for a long time afterwards. Acting like
    newlyweds once again after `making love' for only the first time in
    their marriage. They lay on their sides facing one another, Jason
    cupping her burning asscheeks in his hands. Vickie's kisses and
    cuddling promised more of this same kind of action in the future, that
    is... On the occasional nights when she would be willing to relinquish
    control for an evening.


        The staff meeting Angela attended was a dual purpose meeting of
    sorts. First to outline the current situation the company was in.. and
    secondly to introduce Angela to the other executives and go over what
    her function would be. To Angela, it looked to be a fast paced company.
    She only had the slightest bit of apprehension after sitting in on the
    meeting.

        Once it was over, she decided to pop over to her section and hold
    her own impromptu meeting with her staff. The eight men and women sat in
    chairs around her desk and waited for her to speak.
    "I'm well aware that this section had been lagging far behind it's
    expectations. I'm here to tell you that's all going to change." She
    paused to let the effect sink in.
    "I have each of your personnel files and will go over them in great
    detail this weekend. When we come into work Monday morning, this office
    is going to move... and quick." She looked into the face of each junior
    executive, the secretaries and Scott, her assistant.  Again, she had to
    avert her eyes when he met her gaze.

        "Alright, if any of you are afraid of a lot of hard dedicated work,
    then I suggest you leave now.. I promise i'll run you out the door at
    the first sign of a lax attitude." She looked around the room.
    "Do I make myself clear?" They all nodded, mixed with one or two
    murmured `yes ma'am's'.
    "Fine. Are there any questions?" Yes, Scott had a question.
    "Yes, the latest figures seem to indicate a marked decrease in
    production for the last quarter. I have an idea to negate that
    decrease, would you like to see it?" Angela regarded him thoughtfully..
    "Yes, have it on my desk first thing Monday morning and we'll go over
    it." She stood up and walked around the desk.
    "In the meantime. I want each of you to have a good weekend."

        With her own little meeting over, she watched as her staff filed
    out of her office with the exception of Scott. He hung back and closed
    the door behind them and turned to face Angela, who was sifting through
    some papers on her desk.
    "Well now" He said.. startling her as she thought they had all left.
    She looked up and fell into his eyes.
    "It looks like they've hired a real lioness. But i'll just bet you're
    nothing but a kitten under that ballbreaking exterior." Her face
    flushed a little at that comment.
    "Is that how see me, as a ballbreaker?" He raised his eyebrow and
    nodded. "Yeah. A real hellion full of bright new ideas. Tell me, what
    makes you think you can do what others couldn't?"

        He was baiting her and she knew it. The smug look on his face was
    clear evidence of that. She flashed him her sexiest smile.
    "I tell you, you'd just better be real careful that this kitten doesn't
    have cause to sink her claws into you. You could get hurt real bad."
    She walked past him and opened her door, showing him the way out.
    "Ahhhhh.. You're not sure you can really do what you said you were
    going to do." He patted her arm on the way out. "You really are a
    kitten." he said as the door closed behind him.

--
Archive-name: Bondage/spicy08.txt
Archive-author: Robert 42
Archive-title: Something a Little Spicy - 08


        For the first time in all her 34 years, Bridgette was ready to
    totally give herself to a man. The last month of her relationship with
    James had been one of eye opening experiences. Not to mention the most
    fantastic sex she had ever been a part of.

        When he was ready to break it off when he had gotten tired of her
    flirting with other men, she began to see just how deep her feelings
    ran. She had known that he was different from all the other men she had
    known. They met at a party given by a mutual friend. James had been
    different by doing what no other man in the place had done, ignored
    her.

        Well, he didn't completely ignore her. When they were introduced he
    let his eyes sweep over her luscious body. And when she had turned to
    get a drink from the bar, he had watched the gentle swaying of her ass
    encased in the tight skirt she had worn. But that was the extent of the
    attention he paid to her.

        The lack of attention she had received from him had naturally
    aroused her curiosity. He had been standing off to the side of the bar
    talking with 2 or 3 people when she sauntered up to him and hooked her
    arm in his. She hustled him out on the dance floor and turned on all of
    her feminine charms.

        Eventually, he fell victim to her overwhelming sexiness and had
    asked her out for dinner. No need to go over all of that, but the rest
    as they say, is history.


        Bridgette had been a naughty girl this afternoon. Her mind had been
    wandering while she had been driving home from work, she wasn't paying
    attention to what she was doing until she glanced up into the rear view
    mirror and saw the flashing lights of the police car.

        The ticket said that she was going 65 in a 45 mph zone. Bridgette
    suspected that the policeman had been charitable when he saw her. She
    was probably going faster.

        Bridgette was sitting at the kitchen table looking at the ticket she
    had gotten. She knew that it would cost her about 75.00 if she didn't
    fight it, which she didn't intend to do. Looking up at the clock, she
    saw that James was due to be home within 15 minutes.

        As a token of her love for him, she would tell him all about what
    had happened. he would spank her bottom then take her into the bedroom
    and make love to her. Of course she knew that he would never know about
    the ticket unless she told him. And that was just what she would make
    known.

        The thing is, Bridgette while not jealous... was a little
    frightened now that Angela had become a firm part of their lives
    together. She was going to take steps to make sure things didn't get
    taken out of perspective. She was going to claim him for herself the
    most definite way she could thing of.. By giving herself totally and
    completely to the man she loved.


        James walked through the door and saw Bridgette sitting at the
    kitchen table nursing a cup of coffee. When he came in, she jumped up
    and ran to him. Throwing her arms around him and hugging him tight.
    "MMmmmmm, what a nice welcome!" He said, returning her hug.
    "I'm just so glad to have you home, baby!" she breathed into his ear.
    He stroked her long hair and kissed her cheek. "It's nice to be home.
    You sure know how to make it a pleasure to walk through the door."
    "I'm glad, baby" She broke from the embrace. "Let me make you a drink,
    baby" She said while he sat down at the table.

        Bridgette made his drink and set it down in front of him, then took
    her own seat next to him. "Did you have a nice day, Jim?" She asked,
    concerned.
    "Yeah, it was alright. Glad it's over though." He took a swallow of the
    gin and tonic she had made for him.
    "So, How about you? How was your day?" he asked her.
    "Work was ok." She started then hesitated. The silence hung thick in
    the air. He looked up at her knowing that she was about to say
    something else.

        "But?" he asked.. Encouraging her to continue what she was saying.
    "Well.. " she said shyly. "I was kinda bad this afternoon" was her
    whispered reply. She looked down and saw her reflection in the dark
    liquid inside her cup.
    "Oh?" he said with a tone of amusement "What did you do, go out
    flirting?" He smiled at her.
    "No, nothing like that" she said quickly, looking up at him then
    averting her gaze. "I was a real bad girl."
    "Well, ok. Are you going to tell me what you did, or make me guess?"
    "No, I'm going to tell you." She said. Again looking into her coffee
    cup.
    "Well?" He asked expectantly.
    "I ummmm, wasn't paying attention to my driving and got a speeding
    ticket" She said, taking it from her purse and handing it to him.

        James took the yellow paper from her and read it. "65 in a 45??
    That's pretty fast." He said to her, still gazing at the ticket.
    "Well, it's not entirely the truth." He gave it back to her and watched
    as she put it back in her purse.
    "You see, I was going faster than that, I think"  He nodded his head.
    "Ahhhhh And you sweet talked the cop into giving you a break."
    Bridgette looked up and shook her head at him. "No!.. He did that on
    his own."
    "Ok ok.. I was just teasing you." He assured her. He could tell she was
    upset.
    "I know." she whispered. "But you don't like it when I take chances
    with the car." He nodded, she was right. He didn't like it when she
    drove like that.
    "Now, you remember what happened the last time we went through this?"
    Bridgette pouted and nodded weakly. He was a bit taken back by all of
    this.
    "And knowing that, you told me about this anyway... why?"

        This was exactly what Bridgette was aiming for. She looked at him
    with slightly glassy eyes.
    "I told you so you would know I was bad and will do the right thing for
    me."

        James had to think about it for a long time while Bridgette just
    sat there staring into her coffee. The intent was clear. She told him
    knowing that he would spank her. It DID have a profound effect on him,
    no doubt about it.
    "Baby, are you saying that you want a spanking?" he asked.
    "Nooo. I don't WANT one." she said looking at her fingernails "But it's
    always been the best thing when i'm bad." Her voice cracked slightly.
    "Alright, do you think that's the best thing now?" He asked her. She
    picked up her coffee cup and nodded slowly, taking a swallow of the
    soothing warm liquid.

        "I suppose it's going to have to be the belt this time, baby" he
    said to her, wanting to gauge her reaction. One tear appeared from the
    corner of her eye.
    "Yes" he voice broken and weak. "It's what I deserve."  James nodded at
    her then reached over to brush her hair from her face. He leaned over
    and kissed her softly on both cheeks.
    "Ok, Bridge" he said gently. "I want you to go into the bedroom and
    take off all your clothes. Sit down on the edge of the bed and wait for
    me." He stopped and took another swallow of his drink. "I have to take a
    shower, i'll be in there when I'm finished."

        Bridgette said ok and bravely stood up, leaned over and kissed him
    on the lips, then turned and walked to their bedroom, closing the door
    behind her.

        Once inside the bedroom, Bridgette took off her blouse and skirt.
    then sat on the bed to remove her shoes and pantyhose. Her bra and
    panties followed as she stood up and looked up into the mirror. She
    briefly examined her reflection before sitting on the edge of the bed
    as she was told to do.

        So far, it was all working beautifully. She knew the spanking was
    going to be bad, but the end result she sought would be well worth the
    price she was about to pay. Her stomach fluttered in nervousness while
    she sat and waited for James to walk into the room.  She figured that
    she had about 20 minutes to wait while he took his shower. She heard
    the water come on a few seconds later.

        James didn't know what she was up to, and it totally confused him.
    Somehow he didn't believe that sex was what was her mind. No, she had
    to have some reason for all this. The problem was, he couldn't figure
    out what it WAS that was on her mind. Oh, she seemed genuine in her
    remorse, he would just have to wait and see what happened when he
    wielded his thick belt.


        Bridgette jumped when she heard the door opening. James walked
    through the door draped in a towel. He looked down and saw her sitting
    with her legs together and her hands folded in her lap. He went to the
    closet and got a pair of jeans and a t-shirt out. After getting a pair
    of underwear from a drawer, he quickly dressed then got the chair for
    her vanity and set it near her. He sat down in it and used his fingers
    under her chin to lift her face.

        She looked up with glassy eyes when he tilted her chin up. Her
    lower lip trembled as she looked into his eyes. she tried to smile but
    found she was unable to.

        What she did was throw herself at him and flung her arms around
    him... her resolve breaking "Ohh Baby!.. I love you so much!!." She
    cried into his neck.
        He rubbed her hair and whispered in her ear. "I love you too,
    baby.. You know that."  She was sobbing uncontrollably now, "I know.. I
    know!".. He gently took her arms and laid them back in her lap.

        "Let's get this over with" he said as he stood and went to the
    closet. He selected his thickest belt. The one he used to hold up his
    jeans. Bridgette watched him bring it out and double it in his hand.

        When he turned around, Bridgette stood up and walked behind the
    chair. She opened her legs until her ankles were just outside the legs
    of the chair, then bending all the way over it. Her hands grabbed the
    front legs as her tantalizing bottom spread out before him. She turned
    her head and watched as he walked toward her and stop behind the chair.

        James moved behind her and took aim at her sexy ass while Bridgette
    submissively waited for him to begin. She cried out when the belt
    seared into her tender flesh, but made herself stay stock still.

        As fast as the belt made the resounding report of the connection
    with bare flesh, James pulled it back and let it fly again. Bridgette
    sobbed as he smacked her ass in rapid fire fashion, each stroke
    spawning another pink blotch across her smooth skin.

        She had asked for it and he was going to oblige her, full force.
    Her legs were shaking as her body was racked with sobs. The burning
    pain ricocheted inside her mind while the sharp sound of leather on her
    bottom echoed through the room.

        Her eyes were wrenched closed, only opening for a brief moment when
    the chair she was bending over moved forward a little. Bridgette's
    bottom remained totally still throughout the ordeal, but her cries made
    her displeasure well known.

        Not wanting to cause bruising again, James aimed lower. Now her
    previously untouched thighs felt the hot sting of the belt. One after
    the other, he laid 10 strokes on her shapely thighs. Bridgette
    screeched in a combination of shock, pain, and ecstacy when the belt
    looped around her thigh and flicked against her protruding cunt.

        She could no longer keep her ass still. The accidental stroke on
    her cunt caused her to nearly leap upwards. No matter how much her
    bottom burned from a spanking, Bridgette never failed to get a wet cunt
    and an erect clit from it. The belt contacting her pussy caused her
    natural lubrication to ooze out and trail down one of her thighs.

        James looked down at all the stripes on her lovely ass and thighs,
    deciding that she had taken enough. He tossed the belt down on the
    floor and told her that he was finished.

        When she stood up and turned around to face him. James looked into
    the most adoring gaze he'd ever seen. Her eyes were soaked from the
    tears still pouring from her, but the passion of her feelings for him
    poured out with greater intensity.  Bridgette glided into his waiting
    arms and wailed into his shoulder while he stroked her back and kissed
    her cheeks.

        The  urgency of the situation weighed heavily on both of them.
    Without disrobing, he laid her on the bed and undid his fly.  Bringing
    his dick out to instantly be consumed by her pulsating flesh.

        He rode her slowly for several minutes. Bridgette tossed her head
    back and forth while she kept repeating the same thing over and over
    again. "I wanna be yours". Once, twice, three times Bridgette climaxed
    under his slow, long strokes.

        Her heated writhings and her chanting drove James to a fever pitch
    of desire. He felt his come explode from his prick while he melted into
    Bridgette's adoring eyes.

        When his prick began to soften, Bridgette wrapped her legs around
    him, preventing it from happening. She held on to his arms and once
    again repeated that same phrase. "I wanna be yours."
    "You are baby.. You are" He gasped for breath. drained from the latest
    experience.
    "No.. I wanna belong to be. Be your property.".. he looked down at her.
    "What. You want to get married?"
    "If you want. But that isn't what I mean."
    "Then I don't understand what you mean." He was confused. but still
    mesmerized by the dark pools of desire that were her eyes.
    "I want to BELONG to you. Be your slave...I'll be yours and do whatever
    you want me to do." she was rocking her hips again.. "And when i'm a
    bad girl you do whatever you want to me. Take me whenever you want"..
    Bridgette was panting as she moved her hips faster, feeling his prick
    growing again.
    "Shave my pussy hair and make me sit at your feet." He was rock hard
    again. he started moving his cock inside her while she kept describing
    all the things she wanted him to do to her.

        Bridgette was about to come again.. "Do you want me to belong to
    you?.. Do you want to be my.. master?" Oh shit.. her pussy seemed to be
    alive. The tight channel poured it's balm all over his dick while he
    battered it. He grunted as a second climax overtook him, Bridgette felt
    his cock leaping. It sent her into her own orgasm..
    "Ohh master.. I'm coming againnnnnn!" Her hands grabbed his hair and
    pulled his face down to her. She crushed her lips over his while they
    enjoyed their mutual orgasm.

        When he finally collapsed over her, Bridgette held her arms around
    him and looked up at the ceiling. A little smile played at her lips as
    she had just gotten exactly what she wanted. Yes, being a slave to him
    would turn out to be very interesting for her, indeed.


        Angela had came home about 10 minutes earlier. She smiled when she
    heard the sounds coming from their bedroom. She got quickly turned on
    when she heard the dialect going on between them. Not being able to
    help herself, she stood at the bedroom door and rubbed her pussy
    through her panties. Every now and then a particular sound she heard
    caused her to gasp while her hand was busy under her skirt.

        Bridgette turned over on her side when James got up from the bed.
    she curled up into a heap and murmured contentedly to herself. While
    she drifted off to sleep, James got a blanket from the closet and laid
    it over her.

        Angela had already come once from listening to the sounds coming
    from their bedroom while she leaned against the wall near the door. She
    was rapidly bringing herself to a second peak when the door opened and
    James stepped out.

        He turned and caught Angela with her hand beneath her skirt before
    she had time to react. When he looked at her, her face turned beet red
    as she slowly brought her hand out.
    "I uhhhhh, I couldn't help but hear you two." She tried to explain.
    He saw the little bit of moisture that was on her fingers.
    "Eavesdropping on us, huh?" he asked, half smiling.
    "No!.. It's just that you were pretty loud."
    "Well, you could have had the decency to at least go into your room and
    jerk off, you know." There was nothing that Angela could say. She just
    stayed leaning against the wall and shrugged her shoulders.

        "No matter, don't let me stop you.. Go ahead and continue."
    "Continue?" she asked, bewildered.
    "Yeah.. take your skirt off and keep playing with yourself." He said
    matter of factly.
    "That's ok.. I really should get started on dinner." They took turns
    cooking, this was her night.
    "Not until you finish what you were doing." He said, not taking no for
    an answer.

        Knowing that she had no choice, her skirt came off. James could see
    the wetness on her panties. He made himself another drink while a red
    faced Angela rubbed her pussy while she stood against the wall.

        "You know, I really should spank you for eavesdropping on us like
    that...." Angela's heart leaped to her throat.
    ".. But i'm really too tired right now. But remind me tomorrow, you
    understand?" She nodded. her climax was upon her. she bit her lower lip
    and groaned while the waves lapped at her. When she finished, James was
    smiling at her.
    "We were really that good, huh?" Angela was picking her skirt off the
    floor, she was going to put it back on but decided not to.
    "Yeah.. you were that good." She was breathless from her recent come.

        He patted her ass playfully as she walked by him. "Tomorrow i'll
    see to it that you get a full replay." She pretended to be insulted.
    "And what makes you think I want one?" She had turned toward him. Hands
    on her hips. James stood and took the two steps until he was right in
    front of her. His hand reached out and grazed over her panty covered
    cunt, feeling the wetness.
    "This does.." He said laughing "But you should know that I used a belt
    on Bridge.. I'll use it on you too."
    Angela licked her lips and cooed at him. "Ooooooo I can hardly wait!"

--
Archive-name: Bondage/spicy09.txt
Archive-author: Robert 42
Archive-title: Something a Little Spicy - 09


        Anna drove up to the address Jason had given her. It was about 3
    minutes before 7 pm when she pulled into the driveway alongside his
    car. She slid her lynxlike body from the driver's seat and strode
    toward the front door. Her black stockings and bright red skirt made an
    interesting contrast.

        Jason opened the door seconds after she rang the doorbell. His
    smile lit up when he saw her standing there. "Anna! Good to see you,
    sweetheart." He said as he leaned over and kissed her lightly on the
    lips. He took her hand and led her inside.
    "Come on in and meet my wife. She's looking forward to meeting you." He
    said happily.

        Anna looked around the house as she was led to the sitting room
    where Vickie sat in the sofa, looking up at them when they entered.
    When Jason introduced them, Vickie stood and offered her hand.
    "My, Jason said you were a pretty one. But he did you no justice at
    all." Anna smiled and blushed slightly.
    "Thank you. You're very beautiful yourself." she said to her hostess.

        They all sat around and chatted for a few minutes. The conversation
    remained on the light side. Vickie had carefully planned out the
    evening. She was extremely excited about the whole thing. Anna quickly
    relaxed in her company, as Vickie was indeed a charming lady.
    "Well, I think we better have dinner before we get to talking all
    night." Vickie said, leaning over and patting Anna on the hand.
    "We'll chat some more a bit later." she said to the stunning blonde,
    who smiled at her.

        After a wonderfully prepared meal, they once again resigned to the
    sitting room for coffee. Vickie quickly got the conversation turned in
    the direction she wanted.
    "So, Anna. Jason tells me that you sell computers?" She asked.
    "Yes, that's how he and I met as a matter of fact."
    "Ummmm.. I'll bet you have no trouble at all selling them." She leaned
    closer to her, "Tell me. Do you ever use your looks to make a sale?"
    Anna smiled and blushed deeply at the question. Jason provided an
    answer.
    "Look at her, she could sell me anything she wanted for any price."
    Vickie reached out and gave his hair a playful tug.
    "Yeah, i'll bet it didn't take you long to mentally undress her."

        Anna began to be a little taken back at the frankness of Vickie.
    Vickie turned her attention back to her.
    "You'll have to excuse Jason. He can be a bit crude at times." She
    explained to her. Anna just laughed it off.
    "Oh, I was a bit worried that I wouldn't get an objective look at my
    product." Anna said, remembering how he couldn't take his eyes off her.
    "Hey, you had the best deal. I had to take it." He said. Anna smiled.
    "I oughta get you to do a commercial for me. That kinda word of mouth
    can be a gold mine." She giggled. Jason and Vickie laughed along with
    her.

        Vickie was just about ready to get the festivities under way, just
    a little careful manipulating and she'd strike.

        "I must tell you, Anna. I was a bit jealous when Jason told me that
    he was bringing a pretty lady home." Anna was surprised when she had
    said that.
    "Oh, You have nothing at all to be jealous about."
    "Did he try to seduce you?" Vickie asked her. her tone remained
    friendly, but an wall of fire was behind the words. Anna could sense
    trouble brewing.
    "No, he didn't try anything at all." was her reply. Vickie nodded her
    head.
    "Then it was you that seduced him?" Anna looked over at Jason to get
    some kind of signal but Vickie cut it off.
    "Why are you looking at him? I asked you the question." Her friendly
    tone had disappeared. Anna felt her stomach fluttering. She once again
    tried to catch Jason's eye. Again Vickie cut it off.
    "Jason, would you please go make us all some more coffee?" he nodded
    and collected the cups. He knew that he wouldn't be back in her until
    she called for him. He had been directed to leave the room when asked,
    then remain out until she called him.

        When he left, Vickie smiled sweetly.
    "Now we can have some girl talk." Anna tried to smile but was too
    nervous.
    "Now, did you seduce my husband?" Vickie fired from the hip.
    "I.. I don't know what to say to you." Anna stammered. Clearly on the
    defensive. Vickie sat back and crossed her legs.
    "You could try telling me the truth." Anna felt that she ought to get
    up and leave.
    "I really think I should just go. I didn't come here to start any
    trouble." Vickie waved the suggestion off with her hand.
    "Nonsense. We're all friends. Just tell me the truth. Did you seduce my
    husband?"  She had nowhere to turn. The only recourse left to her was
    to simply answer the woman's questions.
    "Yes, I did." Vickie nodded.
    "Before, or after you made the sale?" Anna crocked her neck a little.
    "It.. it was after." Vickie lit a cigarette and crossed her legs again.
    "Don't get me wrong. I understand that he is a desirable man. But
    tell me, did you know that he was married?" It wasn't discussed it until
    after they had been at her apartment. But she saw the wedding band on
    his finger and knew.

        Anna nodded slowly at her question. Now sorry she had came here
    that evening.
    "You knew.. But you fucked him anyway. Do you do this often with
    married men?" Anna was shocked. Vickie was making her out to be a
    common street whore. That couldn't be farther from the truth. Vickie
    didn't let her answer that one. She just kept pressing.

        "Well, I blame you both. after all it does take two. But I feel
    that you're more to blame because you DID seduce HIM." Anna weakly
    nodded her head. Shamed by this woman whom she knew deep down inside
    was enjoying making her suffer.
    "I'm sorry, Vickie. I just don't know what to say except that i'm
    sorry." was all Anna could think of to say.
    "I believe that i'm entitled to retribution, do you agree?" Anna's
    cheeks burned hot. She knew her face must be bright red.
    "Yes, you are." she said softly.
    "Good. I'm glad you agree." She turned her head and called out for
    Jason.

        Jason walked into the room and instantly caught the gleam in
    Vickie's eyes, and the look of apprehension, almost terror in Anna's.
    "Jason. Anna just told me that she seduced you. So you weren't lying to
    me." Jason nodded. Anna's mouth flew open... He TOLD her?!?!
    "But you're just as much at fault as she is." He nodded again. Vickie
    looked over at Anna, then back at Jason.
    "Go into our room and bring me that razor strap." She commanded.
    "Yes ma'am" he muttered before spinning on his heels and leaving the
    room.

        "You see, Anna. Jason told me all about your afternoon at your
    apartment." Vickie explained to her. Her cunt was already spasming as
    she crossed her legs again.
    "You know i'm going to punish you, Anna?" the pretty blonde nodded
    "Y yes ma'am" she whispered. Vickie had one more question.
    "Do you deserve it?" Anna wondered for a moment what Vickie would say
    if she were to tell her no.
    "Yes ma'am" was her whispered reply.
    "Good. Now take your clothes off. Maybe the razor strap will make you
    think twice about fucking married men." This was the moment when Jason
    walked back into the room carrying the mean looking leather strap. Anna
    had just stood and was unbuttoning her blouse.

        Vickie took the strap from him and told him to strip as well. Soon
    Both Jason and Anna stood naked while Vickie sat on the sofa, studying
    them.
    "Yes, Jason told me you had a lovely body. I must admit he does show
    good taste." Anna looked away from her and tried to catch Jason's eye
    for a third time. He was looking at his feet and couldn't be reached.

        Vickie stood up with the strap dangling from her hand. "Both of
    you, behind the sofa." Slowly, they obeyed her and were standing about
    3 feet apart. Anna looked down and saw his cock half erect. Vickie
    walked up behind them and took Anna by the arm.

        She led her to stand up against the back of the sofa, then beckoned
    Jason to stand next to her. Now they stood side to side, Anna looked
    down and saw that his cock was standing straight up. Her own fires were
    being turned on as she felt Vickie's presence behind her.
    "Both of you, bend over the sofa." She barked her command. Quickly
    Jason bend over and looked to his side as Anna's soft hair brushed his
    shoulder as she joined him in the position.  He took her hand in a
    reassuring gesture that wasn't lost on the computer salesperson. She
    squeezed his hand in return.

        Vickie stood back and smiled to herself at the sight before her.
    The contrast of Jason's hairy, muscular ass against the softness of
    Anna's rounded bottom made a pretty picture indeed. She held the strap
    up ready to swing it down on one of the asses that pointed at her.

        Anna waited nervously for the punishment to begin. It was only now
    that she was beginning to realize that it had all been set up. She
    remembered Jason telling her about it being her idea to bring someone
    home. Yes, now it was all falling into place.

        Her thoughts were disrupted by a loud cracking sound. Next to her,
    Jason grunted and hissed through his teeth.

        She turned her head to the side and saw how his eyes wrenched
    closed. She heard a second loud popping sound. Only this time an acute
    stinging sensation went along with it. So pronounced, that she gripped
    Jason's hand tighter and cried out in pain.

        Vickie was rather enjoying the idea of having two bottoms to whip.
    She first laid the strap on Jason's ass, then swung it down upon
    Anna's. Oh yes, she squirmed so nicely when the strap was put to her.
    Another stroke on Jason brought out the first audible sound he made.

        Razor straps can be quite dangerous if the one swinging it doesn't
    know what he/she is doing. Luckily for Jason and Anna, Vickie did know
    how to wield the strap for maximum pain and minimum damage. They
    wouldn't be too comforted by that knowledge at this particular time
    although.

        Vickie administered the whipping with great relish. Switching back
    and forth between the two of them, she rapidly brought out bright
    blushing stripes on their asses. By the time she had given them 8
    strokes apiece, Anna pleaded for mercy through her desperate cries.
    Even Jason had tears in his eyes as his ass was being set on fire.

        She gave them each two more strokes, then told Anna she would
    receive 6 more because she was the instigator. The poor woman was beside
    herself in agony when Jason was directed to kneel in front of her and
    hold her arms down.

        Anna didn't fight against him when he held her arms, but wailed
    loudly as the strap crashed against her defenseless bottom twice more
    in quick succession. Her hips beat back and forth on the backof the sofa
    while Vickie brought the leather on her thighs for the final 4 strokes.

        She sobbed uncontrollably after Vickie gave her the final stroke.
    Jason let her arms go and started petting her hair, leaning over and
    whispering in her ear. Vickie told her to stand up, she vaguely saw the
    strap being tossed on the sofa as she did.

        "Turn around, Anna" she ordered. Anna did so slowly, wanting to go
    sit her bottom in a bucket of ice. When she faced her tormentor, Vickie
    patted her cheeks, then brushed her golden hair from her moist eyes.
    "Have you ever made it with a woman before?" she was asked. There was
    no need to lie about it so she nodded her head.
    Vickie leaned closer to her. "I haven't. But i'm real excited about
    trying it." she said softly to her. Anna looked at her and caught just
    a hint of softness in her face. Vickie's hands were on her shoulders,
    pressing down.

        Anna allowed herself to be pushed to her knees by Vickie's hands.
    Jason was made to kneel and crawl around to the back of the sofa.

        Once Jason was in place, Vickie started taking off her clothes.
    Anna caught Jason's eye then and saw the excitement in them. Anna's
    pussy was feeling pretty moist as well. She had never participated ina
    3 way and it excited the hell out of her.


        Once Vickie removed all her clothes, Anna looked up to admire her
    body. Anna was about 2 inches shorter, and 10 pounds lighter than
    Vickie, but the platinum blonde wore the extra weight well.

        "I've been training Jason to be a good ass licker. But i'm afraid
    he's not very adept at it. Perhaps you are, dear." A couple of seconds
    later, Vickie's ample asscheeks bumped against her forehead. She made
    Jason spread them with his fingers and told Anna to lick her ass out.

        Anna, hesitant at first, brought her tongue out and flicked it over
    Vickie's rosebud. Finding the taste not at all unpleasant, she then
    began running her tongue up and down the crack. Vickie squirmed back
    against her face.
    "Ooooooo soo nice, dear. Now do the hole. Stick your tongue in my
    asshole." she directed.

        Letting her oral digit go stiff, she pressed it into the little
    recess and found that it flowered open to accept the intrusion. Vickie
    sighed out her pleasure at Anna's light, fluttery tongue touching her
    most private place.
    "Oh my, she IS a good asslicker! I might have to keep her around here."
    Vickie cooed and gurgled while Anna got into her job. Soon her saliva
    provided ample lubrication for her tongue to easily slide back and
    forth inside the puckered hole. Vickie played with her tits while she
    rotated her bottom lewdly against Anna's beautiful face.
    "Oooooo, you've been replaced, Jason." she sighed as Anna was about to
    make her come from the wonderful rimming she was getting.

        Vickie made Jason let go of her ass and start licking her pussy.
    Anna then had to hold the woman's asscheeks apart herself so she could
    continue licking the hole. Jason clamped his lips on her clit, and
    between them, they soon had Vickie squealing in delight as her climax
    hit her full force.
    "Oh yes, I could get used to this real easily." she exclaimed, holding
    onto Jason's head while the dual licking made her feel very good.

        Stepping out from between them, Vickie looked down at Anna at told
    her that she had done a very good job. Anna's face flushed hotly as her
    cunt contracted.
    "Ok Jason, go get me my dildo." As Jason was told to kneel before.. He
    did not get up. Anna watched his striped ass while he crawled from the
    room.

        Vickie sat down next to Anna and started stroking her breasts.
    "Would you like to move in with us and be my personal ass licker?" she
    asked her. Anna moaned as her breasts began to stiffen at Vickie's
    light touch.
    "Yes ma'am." She whispered.
    "Good. such nice slaves are hard to come by. I'm going to enjoy having
    you around." Anna smiled and thought about it. the idea was nice, but
    she would have to talk to them about her business.

        Jason crawled into the room carrying the strap on dildo he was
    ordered to get. Vickie took it from him and then told him to get her
    panties and put them on. While he struggled to get himself into them,
    Vickie motioned for Anna to crawl around and sit on the sofa.

        "I'd let you fuck me tonight, Jason. But seeing as you already had
    fun with Anna, i'm going to punish you by sending you to bed this
    instant. You may jack off in my panties if you wish."
    Jason nodded "Yes ma'am"
    "Now come here and kiss me goodnight." She commanded. Vickie had sat
    down next to Anna on the sofa. Jason crawled around to where she sat
    and lifted his head.

        Vickie put her hands on his neck and gave him probably the most
    sensual kiss she'd ever given him. Guaranteed to keep his cock stiff.
    When she leaned back, Jason started to turn and crawl away but Vickie
    stopped him.

        "Wait a second. don't forget to kiss Anna goodnight, too." Vickie
    smiled at him. He moved to where Anna sat and raised his head.
    "Go ahead, dear. Kiss him goodnight." she urged her on.
    Taking her cue, Anna leaned over and placed her lips against his. When
    Vickie told them to stop, Jason pulled back then stood up.

        "Well ladies. I hope you have a good time." He said as he strode
    from the room, his ass partially covered by the skin tight panties he
    was wearing.

        With Jason gone, Vickie reared her head back and laughed heartily.
    "We'll give him an hour then go have some cock for dessert. Would you
    like that?" Anna smiled with her and said that she would.
    "Great. But first...." Vickie said, taking Anna's hands in her own. "I
    think we should get better acquainted" Anna said nothing but nodded her
    head in agreement. Vickie then leaned over and placed her lips gingerly
    against Anna's.

--
Archive-name: Bondage/spicy10.txt
Archive-author: Robert 42
Archive-title: Something a Little Spicy - 10


        The first few days of her new job passed by with relative ease.
    Angela's staff seemed willing enough to adhere to her wishes for a move
    vital, aggressive department. At the weekly staff meeting, she had
    outlined her plans to improve production. Her boss liked her ideas and
    predicted that she would move up the ladder quickly.

        Scott proved to be one with dynamic ideas. The plans he had to
    increase productivity were quickly melded together with her own to form
    the best plan. His arrogance put her off more than once in that first
    week, though. She nearly had to have him barred from her office it had
    gotten so bad.

        Speaking with her secretary, Angela had learned that Scott figured
    to get the job she was in. That would explain the obvious hostility
    toward her. But in all fairness, it wasn't her fault that the bosses
    didn't feel he was right for the position. Of course, being her
    assistant meant he would have plenty of input. But we all know that
    credit is the name of the corporate game.

        It was Friday afternoon when he strolled into her office and
    plopped down in a chair.
    "Well, I see the kitten woman hasn't gotten her fur torn off." He mused
    at her aggressive demeanor.
    "Oh yes, so sorry to disappoint you. I know you're looking forward to
    seeing me fall flat on my ass." She shot back at him. The week had been
    full of these barb filled conversations.
    "I must admit. You've surpassed all my expectations. I expected you to
    be tearing your hair out by now." he said thoughtfully.
    "Did you now? Of course a mere woman couldn't keep herself together in
    the dog eat dog business world. Isn't that what you're saying?"
    "No, that isn't what I meant at all. I wouldn't expect you to
    understand anyway." he said, shrugging his shoulders.
    "Try me. I might surprise you." He looked at her for a moment.
    "I doubt that, but we'll discuss it over dinner. Say 8:00?"
    What an insufferable bastard! Angela thought to herself.
    "Sure, 8:00 is fine." He gave her his address and said he would see her
    later.

        Angela had to shake her head in wonder as the confident man rose
    and walked from her office. Well, a night out wouldn't be a bad idea.
    Plus she was sure James and Bridgette would like the time alone, as
    well.


        Bridgette had went through with becoming his property. she always
    sat at his feet when he watched TV. Followed him around like a pet any
    other time. At first he found it amusing, but grew increasingly tired of
    it when she stuck to him like glue.

        Bridgette reacted with great happiness when they were told Angela
    had a dinner date that evening. She looked up at James who was sitting
    over her at the kitchen table and asked him if she could go take a
    shower. he told her to go ahead and shook his head as he stared after
    her while she walked from the room.

        Angela asked him what he was going to do about her sister.
    "You know, I was thinking of marrying her so she'll forget about all of
    this slave business."
    "You have to admit, it's very exciting though." She countered him.
    "Besides, I don't think she'd forget it even if you got married."
    "You don't think so?.. Nahhhh I don't either. Perhaps i'll indulge her
    for awhile and see if she works it out of her system."  Angela giggled
    and leaned over to kiss his cheek.
    "Oh how thoughtful of you! You're such a sweetheart" She said
    teasingly. Then she stood up and announced that she had to get dressed
    herself.

        James playfully swatted her bottom as she wiggled it past him. She
    jumped as it had hurt and turned around pouting while she rubbed her
    ass. "Why did you have to do that?" She asked in a little girl voice.
    "Ohhh I don't know. It was there and looked so inviting..." He grinned
    at her. " I just couldn't resist."  Angela let her tongue roll over her
    upper lip. "Mmmmmm. I'll have to walk by you more often, in that case"
    She cooed seductively while her hands stayed on her bottom.

        "Oh yeah? Why don't you walk it over here, now?" He asked her. She
    walked deliberately toward him. "Well, I don't know. You wouldn't get
    too tempted would you?" Was her coquettish answer. She walked to his
    chair and turned, slightly bending as she looked back at him. Her lips
    were parted but her eyes mocked him. "Do you feel invited?" she said in
    an alluring whisper.

        In answer, he quickly slapped her pants covered ass. This time not
    softly. "Ohhhhhh.. Are you accepting my invitation?" She asked him,
    smiling as she lounged in the stinging sensation.  He laughed and
    reached out taking her hips in his hands, pulling the leggy woman back
    until her bottom was planted on his lap.
    "No no.. We can't have you all hot and bothered for your dinner date!"
    He said, hands around her waist. Angela giggled and wriggled her bottom
    in his lap.
    "You slap my ass a few more times and i'll forget all about dinner."
    "Oh..that just won't do" He patted her bottom.. "Run along now... go get
    yourself all dolled up!" Angela smiled then leaned over and kissed him
    briefly on the lips.
    "Now I know why Bridge is so crazy about you." She hugged him for a
    moment before sighing and standing.
    "Yeah.. I do need to get dressed."  She said and left the room.

        Bridgette emerged from the bathroom wearing her velour robe, and a
    towel around her head. She padded over to where James was sitting at
    the table and plopped herself down happily at his feet. She stayed
    there until James insisted that she sit at the table while they ate.

        During dinner, Angela appeared from her bedroom and told them that
    she didn't know what time she'd be home, but left the number of where
    she was going just in case they needed her.

        Angela left them to themselves, James and Bridgette finished their
    dinner in silence. Once they had finished, James put the dishes away
    and retired to the living room.

        Bridgette walked into the living room behind him and again sat as
    his feet when he settled on the sofa.

        James more or less ignored her for a few minutes. She had been idly
    running her fingers over his leg while they watched some program she
    wasn't paying any attention to.

        Bridgette was getting a little worried that James was growing away
    from her. It seemed that more she tried to get his attention, the less
    attention she got. She hated to believe it, but something inside of her
    told her that she ought to be worried about James and her sister.

        Without doing her usual bit of asking hie permission to do
    something, Bridgette got up off the floor and went into their bedroom
    to dry her hair. James heard the hair dryer coming on and glanced at
    the clock. It usually took her around a half hour to get her hair the
    way she wanted it.

        Around 25 minutes later, Bridgette came out of the room and took
    her place at his feet. James asked her to sit up on the sofa, as he
    wanted to talk to her about something.

        "Oh no. Here we go." She thought to herself as she pulled herself up
    and onto the sofa. She sat sideways facing him.
    "What did you wish to talk to me about, master?" She asked him.
    "Baby, I want you to stop all this slave nonsense." He told her point
    blank.
    "Why, master? aren't I a good slave?"
    "That isn't the point, and you know it. I'm not comfortable when you
    stick to me like a shadow all the time."
    "It's only because I want to be near you, master. You can't see any
    fault with that can you?" She asked innocently.
    "Bridgette, when we're home... How much time are we NOT together?"
    "But I love you, master. I only want to be near you." She let out a
    loud hiss of air.
    "Quit calling me master. Don't you understand that i'm tired of it? It
    isn't cute anymore!" He was getting frustrated with her and she sensed
    it.
    "You don't want me anymore!" She pouted. "Who is she?"
    "She?.. There's no one else. Don't accuse me."
    "Well, why else would you not want me anymore?" She asked.
    "Now who said ANYTHING about me not wanting you anymore?"
    "You did! Just a second ago. You said you didn't want me to be your
    slave anymore."  He pinched the bridge of his nose and shook his head.
    "You're putting words in my mouth. All I said is that I want you to
    stop all this slave bullshit." Her face dropped
    "See? You just said it again." She said, folding her arms.
    "Oh give it a rest, Bridgette." He was fast losing his patience
    "It's Angie, isn't it?" He bubbled over with laughter.
    "Now you're being completely silly."
    "I don't happen to think it's a silly notion. I see the way you two act
    together. Maybe i'll just move back into my old apartment so you and
    her can be happy."  James started to assure her that SHE was the one he
    wanted. But changed his mind.. He decided to play her little game
    instead.
    "Suit yourself." He said shrugging. "I'm certainly not going to argue
    with you." Bridgette's jaw dropped open.
    "You son of a bitch!" She screamed. "You'd just let me walk out of
    here, wouldn't you?" He hit a nerve and he knew it.
    "Why should I stop you if you want to leave?" he asked with raised
    eyebrows.

        Bridgette was getting red in the face. What she wanted to do was
    get him interested in punishing her. She hadn't planned on this
    reaction.
    "You'd really let me leave just like that?" She asked, a bit frightened
    at his answer.

        James studied her for a few moments.
    "Of course not. You're just being paranoid and totally silly, baby."
    "You bastard! How come you always see right through me?" She asked,
    picking up a throw pillow and tossing it at him. It bounced off his
    shoulders and fell to the floor.
    "Because you're always predictable." He said matter of factly.
    Bridgette allowed herself a broad smile now.
    "Predictable, huh?" She stood up and walked right in front of him. She
    undid the sash of her robe. "Tell me if you ever would have imagined
    this.." She said while opening the robe and slipping it from her
    shoulders where it fell to the ground.

        She was wearing a totally transparent, white baby doll. The soft
    white material stood out strikingly against her tanned skin. Let's not
    mince words, she was absolutely breathtaking in the flimsy nightie.

        But that wasn't the MOST striking thing about it. James was looking
    right into her panty covered crotch. What he saw to his complete
    surprise was that she no longer had any pubic hair. It was obvious that
    she had shaved it off while in the shower.

        "Well, lover boy. What have you got to say now?" She whispered soft
    and seductively to him, her arms hung at her sides while she looked
    down at him.
    "It's beautiful." He said, barely able to contain his excitement.
    "The baby doll, or the haircut?" She asked.
    "Both!" the last time he saw a hairless cunt, it was attached to a 9
    year old girl. His sister to be exact. But to see a full grown woman
    with a shaved pussy drove him crazy.
    "I did that for you, master." She whispered. He looked up and lost
    himself in her eyes. The look she was giving him melted him into a
    puddle of protoplasm. "I hope you approve." Bridgette added.

        "Yes." was all he said. he wanted a closer view, so his hands moved
    out and slid the panties from her hips.  He brushed his fingers over
    the smoothness where the dark hair once laid. He noticed for the first
    time, the darkness of the labia as compared to the rest of her puffy
    cunt. No doubt about it, seeing Bridgette with a shaved pussy was
    almost like seeing her for the first time.

        Bridgette moaned softly when he used his thumbs to part the lips
    and peer and the pink recess. He saw the glistening moisture from the
    hole while he leaned over to get an even closer look.

        Putting his hands on her bottom, he leaned over and put his lips on
    the outer edge of where her bush once was. Bridgette sighed while his
    mouth made slow circles around it.

        She pushed him back onto the sofa and slid her panties all the way
    off. Then she got back on the sofa, straddling his legs so that her
    thighs were well parted.

        James' hands once again went to her ass as he pulled her hips
    toward him. This time his tongue came out and glided over the same
    smoothness as his lips did seconds earlier. Bridgette was leaning over
    with her hands on the back of the sofa to keep her balance while her
    bald beaver was in his face.

        She gently rolled her hips against him when his tongue made it's
    way between the petals of her labia and began a slow, tantalizing trip
    back and forth to her clit. Gentle murmurs of appreciation escaped her
    lips as his mouth worked magic on her. His fingers dug into the soft
    flesh of her shapely bottom as he finally stuck his tongue inside of
    her.

        Bridgette softly whimpered as his mouth was bringing her ever
    closer to her climax. His hands held her firmly against him, but she
    was still able to derive a delicious wiggle of her hips.

        She let out a quick "Ohh Ohh ohh" sound and came wonderfully while
    James hungrily slurped her natural lubricating juices. He pulled his
    tongue out and sucked gently on her clit while her orgasm flowed though
    her for several delightful seconds.

        As the spasms faded away into a fond memory, Bridgette made a
    startled gasp.
    "Oh no!.. I came without your permission.. You must punish me, master."
     she said to him. Before James could say a word, she was lying facedown
    over his legs. Her head laid in a throw pillow turned to the side while
    her bottom squirmed in a very sexy manner.
    "I should be punished so that I might be a more thoughtful slave,
    master." she whispered to him.

        The sexy brunette was turning him into jelly. James looked down at
    the sexy sight under him and nearly came in his pants. His breathing
    was very heavy while watching Bridgette writhe and squirm on his lap.
    She turned her head and looked up at him. "You won't let me be a bad
    slave, will you master?" Bridgette asked in a soft, extremely alluring
    voice.

        James was totally lost for words. The gravity of the situation blew
    his mind. He let his hand down to rest on her upturned ass, Bridgette
    whimpered a little and laid her head back down on the pillow. He asked
    himself why she was doing this and what she was up to.  The answers to
    his questions eluded him somehow.

        Bridgette waited impatiently for James to punish her. She wiggled
    her ass in a more provocative manner to entice him. She wanted it so
    badly, she HAD to have it.

        He could stand it no longer. Her ragging breathing coupled with
    with the feeling of her pelvis squirming sinuously on his lap made his
    cock jerk in his pants. For the first time in longer then he cared to
    remember, he came in his pants without the feeling of genital contact
    to assist him.

        Bridgette smiled to herself when she realised how deeply she had
    effected him. She moaned as if in ecstacy when both hands fell to her
    ass while he ground his lap into her writhing body.

        She felt his cock pulsating as it pumped out it's special brand of
    cream into his shorts. She rose up on her elbows and turned her head to
    him. The faraway look in his eyes told her what his motions had already
    done. "Mmmmmmm.... wasn't that naughty of me? she asked him innocently.
    But even in innocence, the beautiful woman struck a sexy pose.

        James' voice had trouble finding it's way out of his mouth..
    "Let's get married baby!" was what he said when he found his voice.
    Bridgette weighed the idea in her mind. She had no desire in the past
    to give herself totally to one man. But she wanted to do so now, and
    was indeed prepared to go to great lengths to accomplish that.

        "Well, will you let me be your slave?" She asked him, the intensity
    of her eyes devoured him.
    "Oh god, YES!" he breathed. Bridgette turned back over on her stomach.
    "First punish me, master. Then we'll talk about it."

--
Archive-name: Bondage/spicy11.txt
Archive-author: Robert 42
Archive-title: Something a Little Spicy - 11


        Jason got home from work to find Vickie and Anna sitting in the
    dining room having coffee. He walked over and kissed his wife fondly
    and sat down at the table with them. Anna flashed a smile at him when
    he sat and told Vickie.

        "I think it would be a lot of fun, but i'm afraid my life would
    only disrupt your own. I wouldn't want to do that." Jason peered at
    both the women and knew he had walked in on the middle of a
    conversation.
    "What are we talking about here?" He asked of both of them.
    "Oh, we are discussing Anna moving in here with us. Well, how do you
    think you would disrupt our lives?" Vickie asked the stunning blonde
    woman.
    "I do most of work at home. You see I am almost constantly making and
    receiving phone calls during the day." Ahhhh Vickie saw the problem...
    She had in mind to have Anna around during the day while Jason worked
    as a playmate.
    "I don't see where that would be all that much of a problem." She
    looked at Jason who was listening with obvious excitement in his face.
    "We could turn the den into an office for her, couldn't we?" Jason
    nodded
    "Yes, I hardly use it." he said nodding his head.
    "But I have 3 phone lines at home. I would need that wherever I go."
    Anna interjected.
    "So? why not have the service transferred here?" Vickie suggested. Anna
    bit her bottom lip and picked up her coffee cup.
    "I could do that." Anna said with a wrinkled brow. "But it would be
    almost if I were putting you and Jason out of your own house."

        Vickie leaned over the table and faced Anna. "Nonsense. I'm just
    not going to take no for an answer." She said it with a big smile on
    her face. Anna shook her head.
    "I'm sorry, Vickie. I just wouldn't feel right about it. I have to say
    no."  Vickie sat back in her chair, a look of disappointment on her
    face.
    "You know we can get together quite often, anyway." Anna suggested
    helpfully to abate Vickie's displeasure. Vickie shook her head.
    "No, It wouldn't be the same." she glanced at Jason who was sitting
    impassive.
    "Well, babe. How are we going to convince her that I always get my
    way?" Jason smiled ruefully as was about to speak. Anna spoke up before
    he could.
    "Don't be like that, Vickie. I would love to if the circumstances were
    different. But it's just impossible for me right now." She said almost
    pleadingly.  Vickie waved her off with a flick of her hand.

        "Maybe I should put it a different way." She paused and looked at
    Anna who sat silently, waiting. Vickie continued.
    "You and Jason are going to get up and go to our car. You're going to
    go to your apartment, and pack every bit of your clothes, and whatever
    else can be moved by car." Anna opened her mouth to speak but Vickie
    would not let her.
    "Monday morning, you and I are going to go to the phone company and
    have your 3 phones installed in the den."

        Vickie wasn't going to let anyone get a word in edgewise until she
    had finished saying what she had to say.
    "And that, is the end of this discussion. Do I make myself clear enough
    for you?" She asked. Her lips pursed together in a thin line.

        Anna stared at her for a few seconds, then softly uttered "Yes
    ma'am" Vickie got up and started around the table.
    "Good." She walked to Anna's chair and held her hand out. Anna gently
    placed her own hand in the one Vickie proffered.
    "And when you get back, you and I are going to have a private talk
    about your indifferent attitude." Vickie said in a low voice and kissed
    Anna's cheek while she blushed and lowered her eyes.
    "Yes ma'am" she said in an almost inaudible whisper.
    "Alright you two get going. Jason, go into our room and get that plug.
    You know the one I mean. Before you leave her apartment. Put it in her,
    if she gives you any trouble.. Spank her."
    Anna turned purple while Jason nodded and left the room.

        "You see Anna," Vickie said when they were left alone for a few
    moments. "I'm not stupid. I know you can't be convinced to do this
    unless you really want to."  Anna allowed herself a smile.
    "Yeah I know" She said with a little giggle. "I feel like a captive"
    she added as Jason came back into the room with a small box in his
    hand.
    "Alright.. Go get Anna packed and moved in here." Vickie said waving
    them toward the door.


        Once in Jason's car, Anna picked up the little box that he had laid
    on the seat between them. She took the cover off and saw the plastic
    butt plug lying on some cotton. She looked toward him. "This is what
    she wants you to put in me?" She asked him. He nodded.
    "Have you ever had a butt plug in you?" She shook her head.
    "Don't worry, it hurts going in... But after awhile it starts to feel
    good." She sat in silence for a moment.
    "I don't know if I want that inside me." She finally said.
    "Well, I have to spank you if you give me any trouble about it. And i'm
    not going to go back there without doing what she told me." He told her
    matter of factly.
    "Would you?.. Spank me I mean." She wanted to know. Anna had picked the
    plug up and was examining it.
    "Yes I would." Anna slowly nodded her head. It seemed that she didn't
    have a lot of choice in the matter.

        Alright, let's not get the idea that Anna had NO say so in the
    matter. Vickie isn't going to make her do something she really doesn't
    wanna do. Anna knows this as well, but she was thrilled to the bone at
    having the feeling of being a captive if you will. She glance to her
    jailkeeper. Well, actually just a fellow inmate. They would have to
    form an alliance of sorts.


        They packed Anna's clothes and filled several boxes with a few odds
    and ends Anna felt that she needed. Once they had gotten all the stuff
    in the car, Jason took the box from the front seat and took it inside
    the apartment. Anna was walking around making sure she didn't forget
    anything.
    "Are you about ready to be getting back?" He asked her.

        She turned to look at him, "Yes, I suppose I can always come back
    if I need to." She had already decided that she was going to keep this
    apartment as well. Never can tell how long Vickie would want her
    around.
    "Okay, let's go in your room and get this over with." He said holding
    the box up.
    Anna give him a sullen look and a quick sigh before walking ahead of
    him to her bedroom.
    "Do you have any vaseline?" She pointed to the bathroom.
    Jason walked into the bathroom and came back with a jar of vaseline. He
    sat on the bed and opened the jar, picking the plug up and smearing a
    good amount over it.
    "You should lay down in the bed, it'll be easier that way." He said
    almost apologetically. Anna said ok and quickly unsnapped her jeans,
    pulling them over her luscious bottom before lying on her stomach oh
    the bed.

        Jason wasted no time, he quickly used the fingers of one hand to
    spread her sexy asscheeks and expose her crinkly asshole. He then
    lined up the plug to her anus and began pressing it into her.

        The pain of the entry wasn't as bad as Anna had feared. It hurt a
    bit as her little hole stretched to accommodate the width of the plug,
    but she received it with only a soft groan or two. When he had it
    inserted to the hilt, he leaned over and kissed both of her bottom
    cheeks before sitting up and saying..
    "See, it wasn't all that bad. Was it?" Anna had turned over on her side
    and looked up at him.
    "No. It hurt a little but it wasn't too bad." It was a bit
    uncomfortable though. it made her feel like she had to take a shit. It
    would take a bit of getting used to.

          "Mmmmm.. If you don't pull those jeans back up, we MIGHT not get
    out of here." He said as he slapped her full ass lightly. Making her
    cheeks quiver from the contact.  Anna laughed and told him that it
    might be worth it to hang around awhile, but Jason said that Vickie
    would be waiting for them.

        Anna knew that he was right, so she climbed out of bed of pulled
    her tight jeans back up over her hips. She found that the plug in her
    ass seemed to move when she walked, probably from the way her hips
    swayed when she moved across the floor.

        They locked up the apartment and went back out to the car. Driving
    back to the house, Anna started getting kind of nervous about facing
    Vickie again.
    "What do you think she's going to do to me?" Anna asked him in obvious
    distress. He had shrugged his shoulders.
    "There's no telling. But if she wants your ass loosened for something.
    She might fuck your ass with a dildo, I don't know." Anna had been
    assfucked once or twice. She was pretty sure she could live with that.
    "Do you think she's gonna whip me?" He nodded.
    "Oh yes. She doesn't like being talked back to." he glanced at her and
    saw the look of apprehension on her face.
    "But don't worry about it. She won't really hurt you."

        Anna wasn't really worried about that so much as she was about what
    ELSE the woman might do to her. from the way Jason talked, Vickie had a
    pretty wild imagination.


        Angela showed up at Scott's apartment a couple of minutes before
    8:00. She had dressed rather conservatively for this dinner date as she
    expected it to be a more or less cool dinner with a co-worker. She DID
    bring a bottle of wine, though.

        When Scott answered the door in jeans and a t-shirt, Angela thought
    that maybe she had overdressed just a tad. He greeted her and looked
    down at the bottle of wine she held.
    "Hey, great. But you really didn't have to do that." He shrugged.
    "No, I wanted to." She held it out. "Why don't you put it on ice?"
    "Yeah ok" he said taking the bottle. "Well come on in. You're a little
    early so dinner won't be ready for about a half hour or so."

        Scott offered her a chair in his living room and took a seat in a
    reclining chair a few feet away. Angela looked around the room and
    wondered to herself who did the decorating.
    "Well." He said, invading her thought. She blinked and looked at him.
    "How do you like the job, so far?" He asked her.
    "It seems like a good job." She said shortly.

        They exchanged small talk before the doorbell rang and Scott got up
    to answer it. It was dinner, Scott had ordered out for Chinese food.
    That was fine as far as Angela was concerned. At least he wasn't going
    out of his way to try impressing her or anything like that.

        But on the other hand, she did feel somewhat insulted that he WAS
    being totally nonchalant about the whole thing. So she went through the
    motions with him and ate her dinner in almost total silence. It pretty
    much goes without saying that there was a lot of tension in the air.

        Angela figured to have coffee with him and be back home before 11.
    When they took their coffee back to the living room, Scott switched
    from the beaten path to a more provocative subject.

        "I can see that I was pretty much right about you." He said after
    they had been talking for about 5 minutes or so. Angela raised an
    eyebrow.
    "I'm almost afraid to ask." She said with a sardonic laugh.
    "I see you all tough and mean, acting like a real bitch." She shot him
    a warning glance at the word bitch.. but he continued. "But just like I
    thought, you're nothing but a kitten underneath that wall you built
    around yourself." He was looking at her in a rather strange manner. As
    if he were not looking at her, but looking IN her. And that's exactly
    how his eyes made her feel.
    "Does it bother you that much that a woman can be professional, but can
    still be a woman?"
    "I don't recall saying that it bothered me." He said with a slight wave
    oh his hand. His gaze intensified, making her feel like she was on a hot
    seat.
    "But it's the real you I want to see. beneath that bitch who runs
    around the office." She looked at him and said.
    "You'll get treated exactly the way you treat me." coldly the words
    poured from her mouth. He reacted by tossing his head back and
    laughing.
    "Oooo Real tough bitch! But you're not here to act the bitch, tonight."
    He said standing up, walking over to her chair and squatting in front
    of her. His hands on the arms of the chair.

        "No, you're here to show me what's underneath it all." He looked
    into her eyes and Angela found that she was unable to look away this
    time. "I'll bet you like to wear sexy underclothes just so you'll feel
    like a woman underneath." He said, the words acting as arrows piercing
    her exterior.
    "Is that what you're doing? Wearing one of those cute little nighties
    you bought from the lingerie shop?" Angela knew it was impossible for
    him to know what she wore underneath her knee length skirt and blouse.
    But he sure as hell was a good guesser.
    "I don't think that is any of your concern." She said, feeling
    uncomfortable all of a sudden.
    "Angela.." He said in a low, dangerous sounding voice. "I know all
    about you. I know you can't do it yourself. You need someone to help
    you... I can hear you calling out for help." His hands moved over
    her's.. covering them.

        Angela lost herself in his words for a brief moment. He was hitting
    home and it frightened her.
    "I have to go." She said, but making no attempt to rise from the chair.
    "You know you don't want to leave, Angela." The pretty woman watched
    him for a moment, giving out a small whimper when his fingers closed
    around her hands.  Scott was standing, his hands pulling on her own as
    he helped her to stand with him.

        Angela was visibly shaking, but she watched him with wide eyed
    curiosity. He released her hands and they fell to her sides.
    "Take them off, Angela." He gestured to her blouse and skirt. "Show me
    what you wore to make yourself feel sexy." Each word echoed through her
    head.

        Feeling her face become hot from blushing, Angela only for the
    briefest of microseconds thought about heading for the door. With
    trembling fingers, she fumbled with the buttons of her blouse and began
    to open them. She still found herself unable to look away from his
    eyes. He wasn't what she considered to be good looking, But he was
    affecting her like no other had done. Her blouse was slipped off her
    shoulders and fell to the floor with a little shrug of her shoulders.

        With the same slowness, her skirt was undone and fell down her
    long, lovely legs. He had been right on the money. All Angela wore
    under her clothes was a light blue teddy, and a black garter belt that
    fastened to her silk stockings.

        Scott put his hands on her arms while they hung limp at her sides.
    His fingers were moving slowly toward her bare shoulders.
    "This is what makes you feel sexy, Angela?" He said in that same low
    voice. Her throat felt parched, she was aware of her breathing, how
    deep it had become.
    "Yes" she whispered. His hands had completed their journey to her
    shoulders.
    "It makes you look sexy, too" he whispered back to her. Her skin
    tingled when his fingers moved over and caressed her neck. Her hands
    rose and touched his arms just above his elbows.

        "We're going to unlock your deepest feelings. You're going to
    embrace all those thoughts you are afraid of." His fingers slipped
    behind her neck, Angela's lips were slightly open as she listened to
    him.

        "I'm going to give you pain like you've never known it. I'm going
    to show you pleasure more exquisite than you've ever dreamed." Her skin
    became alive with goosebumps while he continued talking to her.
    "I'll whip you until you scream in agony. I'll tie you to the bed and
    make you more aware of your senses than you've ever been."

        Angela closed her eyes when his hand closed over her hair and
    tilted her head up. He stepped up to her until he was nearly touching
    her. She felt his hot breath on her face as he leaned toward her and
    put his lips close to her ear.
    "Are you ready to liberate your body?" he whispered to her.
    Angela heard a voice from far off in the distance, a strange voice, her
    voice... it said.. "Oh god.. yes" Her hands were on his shoulders. She
    felt him sweep down and scoop her up in his arms.  Her body went limp
    in him arms as he carried her toward his bedroom.

--
Archive-name: Bondage/spicy12.txt
Archive-author: Robert 42
Archive-title: Something a Little Spicy - 12


        Anna nervously stepped out of the car when Jason had pulled into
    the driveway. As he had predicted, the plug in her ass ceased to bother
    her. Although, the feeling of fullness did make her feel a bit
    uncomfortable. This, however was pushed into the back of her mind and
    she walked into the house and saw Vickie walking around the kitchen.

        It was near 9:30 and neither of them had eaten dinner. Vickie had
    prepared it while they were away.
    "Did you get everything?' Vickie asked her when she walked in.
    "I think so. I can always go back if I have to." She said. Vickie
    watched her for a moment then continued setting the table.
    "I'll have Jason put your things away after we eat." She said as Jason
    looked over his shoulder from the bar where he was in the process of
    making a drink.

        So Anna had to sit down for dinner still wearing that damn plug in
    her ass. Needless to say, she didn't show a very strong appetite this
    evening. Vickie seemed to be much happier than her usual self. Jason
    was pretty excited about having Anna moving in as well. He wondered to
    himself if he and Anna would find the opportunity to repeat the scene
    they had in her apartment. he was pretty sure it was possible.
    "We're going to have to a bit of moving furniture in the den" Vickie
    had said to Jason. "We'll get started on that tomorrow morning."
    "I have a desk i'd like to put in there if it's ok." Anna had said,
    Vickie said it was fine with her. Anna made a mental note to call and
    have it brought there on Monday.

        After dinner, Vickie directed Jason to get Anna's things out of the
    car and put them in her room. She took Anna by the hand and turned
    again to look at Jason. "And don't bother us. We're going to have a
    long talk." She said as Anna helplessly followed Vickie into the den,
    where once inside, Vickie told her to close and lock the door.

       Anna's fear reached a fever pitch when she turned around and saw
    Vickie staring at her with a gleam in her eye and a menacing smile on
    her face. "Take your clothes off" Vickie said in a low voice. But one
    not to be ignored. Anna quickly shed her clothes and soon stood nude in
    front of Vickie's appraising eyes.
    "Very nice." Vickie said to the beautiful woman. Anna blushed slightly
    while Vickie gazed over her body.
    "Show me the plug" Vickie ordered her. Anna hesitated for a moment
    before turning and bending slightly, reaching behind her and holding her
    asscheeks open. Anna could feel Vickie's presence behind her.
    "Tell me, Anna. Does it bother you?" She asked the naked woman.
    "No, but it's a little uncomfortable." Anna felt Vickie's fingers on
    her asscheeks, lightly grazing over the smooth surface.

        "Did you give Jason any trouble? Did he have to spank you?" the
    dominant blonde wanted to know.
    "No, no trouble at all." Anna said, shifting her weight as she leaned
    over slightly, displaying the plug embedded in her asshole.

        Vickie reached inbetween the luscious half moons and fingered the
    plastic plug. She twirled it about while Anna moaned.
    "Oh how lovely."

        Vickie grabbed the plug and starting pulling it out of the lovely
    woman's anus. Anna's nose flared and her eyes got wide when she felt
    her sphincter stretching for the slow retreat. She did her best not to
    cry out in pain, but her eyes quickly filled with tears while the plug
    made it's slow, agonizing exit.

        Anna sighed in relief when it was completely extracted. She
    wondered if her poor asshole were stretched out of shape. She didn't
    have too much time to wonder as she soon felt Vickie pressing two
    fingers into the portal the plug had just vacated. There was still
    plenty of vaseline in her ass so the platinum blonde's fingers slid in
    easily.

        Even though the fingers were not as wide as the plug had been, Anna
    still felt pain when Vickie started twisting her fingers inside of her.
    She moaned and grunted while Vickie cruelly finger fucked her tender
    asshole.

        Now she pulled her fingers out and walked to the other side of the
    room, leaving Anna in the same position she had been standing in for
    the last few minutes. A few seconds later, Anna felt something cold,
    and hard pressing against her asshole. It didn't feel like it was
    thick, but she knew it was steel.

        Anna then felt the fire burning her asshole. It started as a
    prickly heat, then quickly intensified into a blazing inferno that
    spread through her bowels. She cried out in horror as she leapt
    forward, almost crashing into the door. She turned around to see what
    Vickie was holding and was shocked to see a cattle prod in her hand.
    "I don't recall telling you to move." Vickie said matter of factly.
    "I'm sorry" Anna said quickly. Vickie stepped forward and touched the
    prod to her left breast, pushing the button to activate the current
    that crackled out.
    "OUCH!' Anna yelled as she jumped to the side. "that hurts!"  Vickie
    aimed it at her but did not advance. Anna looked at her with wild eyes,
    darting around to find some escape from the prod.
    "You moved again." Vickie said in a low voice. Anna was very afraid of
    the woman who held the prod out at her, she began to tremble when she
    came forward and backed her into a corner using the prod to guide her.

        "Please don't hurt me." Anna pleaded with her. Her right breast
    exploded in pain when Vickie touched the prod to it for a second or
    two. "Arrrrgh!" she screamed but did not move from the corner. Anna's
    hands came up to protect her tits from the searing agony of the
    electric prod.

        Vickie then touched it to her right thigh and held it there until
    Anna wildly slapped it away. There was no way Anna could protect all
    the tender parts of her body at the same time. As fast as she would use
    her hand to protect her thigh, her tit would feel the shock from the
    prod.

        Anna's face burned hot from tears while the platinum haired
    dominatrix continued to send the blazing heat of electricity to her
    gyrating body. Finally not being able to take anymore, Anna came out of
    the corner and pushed herself past Vickie as she ran toward the door.
    "ANNA!" Vickie screamed at her. The lovely woman froze in her tracks
    just as she was about to bolt from the room.

        "Get back over here" Vickie said in a voice that was velvet covered
    steel. Anna's hand was on the door, all she had to do was turn the knob
    and she could find refuge elsewhere in the house. But she hesitated for
    reasons known only to her.

        Anna was not able to escape the fact that even though the prod hurt
    her terribly, she was also filled with a tremendous feeling of
    excitement at the way Vickie was treating her. Her breasts and thighs
    tingled from where Vickie had touched the prod, and her clit seemed to
    pulsate in her excitement.

        As if defeated, Anna dropped her hand from the door knob and
    turned and walked with her head bowed back to where Vickie was
    standing, still holding the steel tipped prod in her hand.

        Anna flinched when she saw Vickie point it at her again. But this
    time she did not try to cover herself. In turn, the prod was quickly
    touched to both of her nipples. Anna let out sharp cries with each
    touch. Vickie only let the steel tipped rod touch her for a split
    second, but it was enough to bring about a loud response from the
    beautiful blonde.

        Vickie told her to open her legs. Anna did so with great
    apprehension and instantly felt the inside of her thighs being seared
    with the current. The agony Anna felt was rivaled only by the warm
    sensations coursing through her body. She felt the swampy heat in her
    cunt even as she cried out in pain from the almost constant jabs of
    electricity being introduced to her body.

        Anna was having trouble catching her breath, she watched with wild
    eyed fear as Vickie brought the prod between her thighs and touched her
    pussy with it. She began to cry out but it lessened to a pitiful
    whimper when she realised that there was no current.

        Then Vickie knelt down in front of her and moved the steel tip of
    the cattle prod up and down the extremely wet slit of Anna's snatch.
    Then Anna held her breath as she felt it entering her.

        It was too much for her to handle. Anna's pussy convulsed around
    the cold steel and she went into a violent come. Anna wailed long and
    loud as the shock of the unforseen orgasm shook her lovely body. Her
    thighs quivered powerfully while Vickie held the prod just inside her
    spasming cunt.

        When she had recovered, Vickie removed the prod and tossed it
    aside. She took Anna's hands and pulled her down kneeling with her.
    "Ok, Anna. I want you to lie down on the floor, now." Anna nodded and
    stretched out her curvaceous body beneath Vickie. She let her legs splay
    open slightly, the glistening moisture on her cunt covered most of her
    pubic triangle.

        "On your stomach, Anna" Vickie ordered her. When Anna obeyed her,
    Vickie got up and retrieved several lengths of rope from the sofa. She
    brought them back to where Anna was stretched out on the carpet and
    begin tying her arms behind her back. Then she used more of the rope to
    bind her ankles together.

        Vickie got up again and went toward the fireplace. Anna saw her
    stoking the fire with what looked to be a poker.

        She came back to Anna and knelt alongside her.
    "Now we're going to seal our new relationship, honey." Vickie said as
    she lightly stroked the woman's back. "I'm going to give you something
    that will show that you belong to me."
    "What are you gonna do?" Anna asked, her voice cracking in her fearful
    anticipation.
    "Oh, I'm just going to put a little mark on your sweet bottom." Vickie
    said to her, smiling sweetly at her. "It'll burn you a little but it'll
    be ok in a day or two." She had explained.
    "No, please don't put a mark on me!" Anna pleaded with her.
    "Don't worry. It won't be that bad." Vickie said as she stood and again
    went to the fireplace.

        Now Anna was horrified to see that the poker Vickie had used to
    stoke the fire was a brand and had a red hot "V" at the end of it.
    Anna screamed bloody murder when she understood the full impact of what
    Vickie intended to do.
    "NOOOOO!.. HELP ME!!!!" Anna shouted at the top of her lungs. she
    struggled with the ropes that bound her but found that they held
    secure.

        Vickie was tired of the screaming and put the brand back into the
    fire and picked up a ball gag from the sofa. She stepped over Anna and
    planted her ass in the blonde woman's back. Using a hand on Anna's
    cheeks, she pressed in to force the stunned blonde to open her mouth.
    When she had done this, she put the ball in her mouth and tied off the
    strap.

        Anna gagged as the taste of latex invaded her mouth. She tried
    screaming but it only came out as a muffled gurgling sound. Intense
    fear gripped her insides when she saw Vickie picking the brand up again
    and move toward her with it.

        Jason had put all of Anna's suitcases in her room and had heard
    Anna screaming for help. He smiled and thought to himself that Vickie
    must be forcing that big dildo in Anna's asshole. He went into his own
    room as was going to get ready for bed. Jason had taken off his shirt
    when he noticed something, or rather he DIDN'T notice something.

        The brand that Vickie had bought as a joke was not sitting in the
    corner where it usually was. She had often remarked that one day she
    was going to put a big "V" on his ass. She always laughed when she said
    that, but now Jason wasn't too sure she was joking.

        He bolted from the bedroom and ran to the den. Trying the door and
    finding that it was locked. When he heard a muffled sound then Vickie's
    voice telling her that it was only going to burn for a little while,
    Jason backed up and threw his shoulder into the door.

        Anna still struggled in vain against the ropes, her body jerked on
    the floor as Vickie sat down on her legs. Through her terror, Anna
    could hear Vickie talking to her in a sweet voice.
    "Just relax, sweetie. This is only going to burn for a little while."
    Then she held up the brand and started it down to where it would sear
    into the ivory textured flesh of Anna's bottom.

        Anna became strangely calm when she felt the heat starting, almost
    as if she weren't there.

        Just as the red hot "V" was about to be imbedded into Anna's sexy
    ass, Jason broke through the door and stumbled into the den. Vickie
    looked up startled as Jason charged toward her and backhanded her
    across the face, knocking her backwards off of Anna's legs.

        Vickie tried to shake herself out of the daze she had been sent
    into by the blow. Her jaw ached and she wondered if it were broken.
    Jason grabbed the brand out of her hand and threw it toward the
    fireplace.
    "You're out of your fuckin mind!" He hollered at her as she stumbled to
    her feet and faced him. he had never been this enraged before. It
    scared his pretty wife. She shrunk back from him while he watched her
    with fire in his eyes.
    "You've gone too far this time." He said as he knelt next to Anna and
    begin releasing her from the binds.

        When the ropes were taken from her wrists, Anna pulled the gag out
    of her mouth and the long,loud cries bubbled from her throat. When he
    released her ankles, Anna curled up into a fetal position and hugged
    herself as she shivered on the floor.

        Jason picked up the beautiful woman and cradled her in his arms. He
    turned to leave the room, then turned to Vickie before he did so.
    "You and I have some talking to do" He said to her. Vickie was rubbing
    her aching jaw, but she nodded meekly when Jason carried Anna from the
    room.

        Jason carried her to her bedroom and laid her on the bed. She still
    cried with a constant sob when he pulled back her spread and sheets and
    helped her to lie between them. He was sitting on the bed stroking her
    hair and looking down on her concerned while she fought to gain control
    of herself.

        Several minutes later, Her crying and shaking had abated enough for
    her to sit up. She looked at Jason with swollen and bloodshot eyes and
    curled her lips up in a weak smile.
    "Just lay here and rest for awhile." He told her while helping her to
    lie down again. "I'm going to have a talk with Vickie, then i'll bring
    you home."
    "Jason?" She said imploringly. Jason tilted his head.
    "Yes, honey?" he asked.
    "Ummmm I don't want to go home. I'd like to stay here."  His eyebrows
    went up.
    "You WANT to stay?" Aren't you afraid of what she might try to do to
    you?"
    "A little" She tossed the covers from her "But it excites me too." She
    grabbed his hand bringing it to her pussy. "Feel how wet."

        Yes, Anna's cunt was soaked. Jason let his fingers linger over her
    hot pussy before pulling his hand back and standing up.
    "Ok.. But I still want you to rest awhile. I'll be back in a few
    minutes." He pulled the covers back over her.
    "Alright, but tell Vickie I want to talk to her, ok?" Jason nodded..
    "Ok i'll tell her." He smiled at her and walked from the room, turning
    out the light and closing the door as he did.

        Vickie was sitting silently on the sofa in the den, she was
    watching the fireplace and sipping a drink she had made when she heard
    Jason's footsteps behind her. She took a deep breath and waited for him
    to walk around and sit. She had already decided upon what she was going
    to say to him.

        "Is Anna alright?" she asked him, genuinely concerned.
    "Yeah, she's ok. But you and I have a serious problem." He said to her,
    watching her movements with hawk like eyes. Vickie nodded and lowered
    her eyes.
    "I'll pack and be out of here in the morning." She said softly, staring
    at her drink.
    "Well, not quite that serious." He said. Vickie looked up at him.
    "We're just gonna have to set some ground rules around here that you
    have to follow."  Vickie's eyes widened.
    "Ground rules? like what?" She asked him.
    "We'll talk about it later on." he said to her. she nodded again
    "I suppose I've ruined our friendship with Anna" She said sadly.
    "Strangely enough, Anna's going to be staying with us after all." He
    shrugged.
    "She doesn't want to leave?" Vickie was surprised.
    "Nope. She wants to stay." He pointed at the fireplace "But I have a
    good mind to blister your ass for that stupid stunt." He said to her.
    "Ok" Vickie said slowly, standing up and undoing her pants "Anna can
    too if she wants to."
    "Hold it" He said, holding his hand up. "You tell Anna that yourself,
    she wants to talk to you."
    "She does?" Vickie said. Her hand still around the waist of her pants.
    "Yeah.. Go see what she wants then come back here."
    "Ok, baby." She said "Can I have a kiss, Jason?" She asked him. He
    capitulated and kissed her briefly before she turned and walked from
    the den.

--
Archive-name: Bondage/spicy13.txt
Archive-author: Robert 42
Archive-title: Something a Little Spicy - 13


        Bridgette had turned back over on her stomach, over James' lap.
    "Punish me first, Master. Then we'll talk about it." She arched her
    back and wiggled her ass enticingly while James looked in fascination.

        He had set out to put a stop to Bridgette's little game, but
    suddenly found himself getting caught up in it in the worst way. He had
    already come in his pants and was feeling his prick stir again.

        James brought his hand up and swatted it down on her rolling
    asscheeks.  Bridgette yelped as her hips ground into his lap when she
    felt the sting, then rose up again to receive the next stroke. He gave
    it to her and got the same reaction.
    "Oooo Yes! Spank my naughty ass! Punish your slave, Master!"

        The harder James slapped her bare bottom, the more Bridgette held
    it in the air, asking for more. Her cheeks were rapidly growing red
    under the blows, Bridgette's voice was becoming choked and more
    strained while she rotated and squirmed her hips under his almost
    unbelieving eyes. His cock was once again hard and throbbing in the
    confines of his pants while Bridgette continued to thrust her reddening
    bottom toward him for more of the spanking she was getting.

        It's ironic that this spanking was because she had come without his
    permission, she was about to do it again while he punished her for the
    first offense.
    "Oh God!.. Lower.. Hit me lower." She was chanting. James obliged her
    and concentrated his blows to her lower buttocks. Bridgette's reaction
    was electric.

        She arched her ass up higher and higher toward him. Her legs were
    open and James could see the moisture on her hairless slit.
    "I'm gonna do it!.. OH! I'm so naughty, you'll have to punish me again,
    Master... AHHHHHHHH!" Bridgette brought a hand between her thighs and
    rubbed herself while another orgasm overtook her.

        James felt his breath being taken from him as he watched with
    bulging eyes the sight under him. Bridgette gurgled in pleasure while
    furiously rubbing her clit, tossing her hips all over his lap.

        When she had recovered a few seconds later, Bridgette slinked from
    his lap and knelt in front of him. She reached out and started undoing
    his pants while he watched her dumbfounded. He managed to lift his ass
    off the sofa so she could tug his pants down.

        Once his cock sprang free, Bridgette leaned over and planted a
    long, wet kiss on the engorged head. She murmured something about her
    lolly pop before opening her mouth and pressing her head down over the
    mushroom head. She was able to fit about 3/4 of the total length of his
    prick in buttery confines of her warm mouth before having to pull back.

        Bridgette seemed to be insatiable. She used one hand to hold his
    dick steady while using the other to finger her sopping twat. James was
    totally out of his head, not to mention totally out of control while
    Bridgette was a whirlwind of activity. He spattered his load into her
    mouth while she groaned and twisted 2 fingers into her cunt.

        She continued to lick and suck his cock and balls after he climaxed
    until she had used her fingers to trigger a 3rd orgasm in herself.
    James tossed his head back on the sofa and sighed heavily, spent of his
    energy.

        But Bridgette wanted more. Her body was on fire and she wasn't
    about to let a little thing like James coming stop her from getting her
    satisfaction.
    "Oh Master. Your cock is soft and it's all my fault." She jumped on the
    sofa, straddling his hips. "You must punish me again, Master." She
    hefted her breasts in her hands.
    "Spank my titties, Master. Ooooo yeah.. I deserve it, Master."  His
    eyes glazed over while watching the fireball sitting on his lap
    offering him her tits to punish.

        James used the tips of his fingers and swiped at her tits, trying
    to just catch the nipples. After 2 or 3 such slaps, Bridgette let her
    breasts go and squealed in her pleasure/pain while cupping her bald
    pussy with one of her hands.

        The tittie spanking had the desired effect. James' cock began to
    grow while the cushy flesh of her tits began to show the effects of the
    slaps he was giving them.
    "Oh, Thank you Master!" Bridgette cried as she cupped his hardening
    prick in her hands and then rose and positioned herself over it. James
    put his hands on her shoulders when she abruptly sat down on it, driving
    the full length inside of her drenched cunt.

        Bridgette rode him like a wild woman, her breasts slapped against
    his cheeks while she bounced up and down on his lap. Bridgette came
    twice more before James lost his mind and shot a 3rd load deep into her
    pussy.

        James fell back against the back of the sofa, completely drained
    and exhausted. But Bridgette wanted more. James was lost to her, but
    she plowed a stiff finger into both her cunt and asshole while James
    could do nothing but watch. She sent herself into another powerful
    orgasm before she stopped and climbed up in the sofa with James,
    curling up next to him.  She smiled to herself when she heard his
    breathing get heavy, signalling that he had fallen asleep.

        Bridgette got up and found her panties, and took them into the
    bathroom with her so she could clean herself up a little. She came out
    of the bathroom a few minutes later wearing the panties. She picked up
    her robe and draped herself in it before going into the kitchen to find
    something to eat while James slept blissfully on the sofa.


        Vickie walked slowly into Anna's room and heard rustling coming
    from the bed.
    "Is that you, Vickie?" Anna called out. Vickie said yes and turned on
    the light when Anna asked her to.
    "You wanted to talk to me?" she asked the woman lying on the bed
    softly.
    "Yes, come sit with me." Anna replied as she sat up and exposed her
    breasts.


        Vickie made her way to the bed and sat down next to Anna.
    "I don't want to be marked, Vickie." Anna said simply. Vickie sat with
    her hands folded in her lap.
    "I'm sorry" She said, looking down at her hands. "I don't know what got
    into me."
    "Neither do I." Anna said. "I'm just thankful that Jason broke into the
    room before you could do it."
    "I'll have to be a lot more careful in the future." Vickie said. Anna
    reached out and touched her fingertips to Vickie's arm.
    "Vickie, look at me." Anna told her. Reluctantly, Vickie looked up and
    saw the beautiful blonde gazing at her with those hypnotic blue eyes.
    "Don't be too careful." A smile played on her lips. "Except for marking
    me up.. I'd like you to keep doing things like that."
    Vickie caught her meaning and nodded slowly.
    "What did Jason tell you?" Vickie blushed
    "He said that we are gonna make ground rules." She told Anna.
    "Yes, that would be a good idea." Anna said matter of factly.
    Vickie averted her eyes. "I'm getting my ass blistered when I get
    finished in here." Anna nodded. "You can whip me too if you want."

        Anna thought about it but shook her head. "No, I'm not mad at you.
    But come show me what he did after he gets finished." The idea of that
    embarrassed Vickie, but she said that she would.

        "Oh well, I guess I better go get this over with." Vickie said as
    she started to stand.
    "Oh wait." Anna said. "Before you go, there IS something I want you to
    do for me." Vickie stayed sitting on the bed.
    "Okay, what is it?" Anna smiled and threw the covers from her body.
    "You made my pussy soaking wet. Now I want you to lick it for me."
    Vickie looked down at where Anna was rubbing her cunt and whispered
    "okay, sweetie."

        Anna opened her legs invitingly when Vickie moved toward the foot
    of the bed and laid down with her face near Anna's thighs. The musky
    scent of woman was heavy in her nostrils as she dipped her head further
    bringing her mouth closer to the steaming gash.

        Anna shuddered when the hot feeling of a wet tongue was being moved
    in her slit. Vickie started slow, then gradually picked up the pace
    while Anna cooed and gurgled on the bed. With her saliva now mixing
    with the juices from Anna's gushing cunt, Vickie then zeroed in and let
    her pink tongue slip into the gooey confines of Anna's pussy hole.

        Anna rolled her head from side to side while she used her hands to
    pinch her own nipples. Vickie expertly swirled her tongue inside the
    pretty blonde.

        With a contented sigh, Anna's thighs quivered as she went over the
    top of her climb and fell headlong into the orgasmic inferno she had
    been steadily heading to. Vickie kissed and nibbled her thighs while
    she enjoyed her come. Once she had recovered, Vickie got up off the bed
    and made a show out of licking her lips.
    "I'm gonna have to do that more often." Vickie said, smiling.
    Anna giggled and scissored her legs in a playful attempt to catch
    Vickie inside of them.
    "Ummmmm Anytime you want it!" Anna said. Vickie laughed and then turned
    and left the room.

        She had been lying in bed alone for about 5 minutes or so after
    Vickie had left. Vickie hadn't closed the door so she could hear
    murmured voices coming from another part of the house. Suddenly she
    heard slapping sounds and Vickie's voice crying out in distress.

        Anna twirled her finger in her pussy while she listen to Vickie
    getting her punishment. She smiled when she heard Vickie begging him to
    stop, hoping that he didn't stop for a long time.

        Anna hadn't counted, but she estimated that she heard 50 or so
    slaps and she knew that poor Vickie would have a very sore ass for the
    next day or two. Vickie had cried for a few moments, then all was
    silent for about 10 minutes before she heard footsteps and saw Vickie
    walking toward her room, sans pants.

        Vickie still had tears in her eyes when she walked into Anna's
    room. Vickie turned around from where she stood near the door, showing
    Anna the result of the screaming she had been doing.
    "Oh, poor baby!" Anna cooed "Close the door and come get in bed with
    me... I'll take care of you"

        Vickie did as Anna wanted her to. She closed the door and turned
    the light out. It was a few seconds before Anna felt Vickie's now
    totally naked body sliding into bed next to her. Understandably, Vickie
    opted to turn on her side facing the sexy blonde. Anna kissed her
    tenderly, then they fell into each other and made love well into the
    night.

        Jason checked in on them about 1:00 am and found them both sleeping
    peacefully in each other's arms. He smiled and went to his own room.


        Scott carried Angela into his bedroom and gently set her down on
    the floor. Angela still watched his eyes as if she were in a trance.
    His hands were on her shoulders again, this time moving them out and
    catching the straps of the teddy Angela was wearing.

        Slowly, very slowly Scott moved the straps off of her shoulders and
    brought the garment over the swell of her milk white tits. Angela
    moaned with pleasure when his hot to the touch fingers began grazing
    over her breasts. When he finally touched her nipples, Angela let out a
    small gasp and closed her eyes.

        Scott was using the pads of his index fingers to make circles over
    her ever hardening nipples. Angela sighed heavily and put her hands
    over his shoulders while the tip of her tongue peeked out from between
    her lips and glided over her full lips.

        Now he was softly rolling her nipples between thumbs and
    forefingers. She was acutely aware of even the lightest touch while he
    made her feel like she was losing all contact with reality. He slowly
    increased the pressure on her nipples.. Increasing until it became a
    little uncomfortable for Angela, then turning into bonafied pain.

        She opened her eyes and saw him still looking straight into her
    own. There was no expression on his face while he steadily increased
    the pressure until it felt as if he were grinding her tender nipples in
    his hands.

        Angela whimpered while Scott continued to hold steady pressure on
    her throbbing nipples. Just as the pain was becoming almost unbearable
    for her, Scott eased off and got a sigh of relief from the tall
    brunette.

        Now his hands were on her sides, moving down. He moved them down to
    the silky material of the teddy and slowly brought it down further.
    Angela's lips were slightly parted as her body turned into a conduit
    for his touch, unaware of anything at that point except his eyes.

        Her teddy slipped past her waist and hips, fluttering down her long
    legs and stopping around her heels, which made the already tall woman
    loom a good 3 inches taller than Scott.

        Her whole body trembled as he moved his fingers over her stomach,
    letting them lightly graze her skin as they moved lower and did the
    same thing to her hips and thighs. Scott moved his hands to the backs
    of her thighs and gently kneaded the smooth flesh. Angela made a soft
    whining sound and parted her quivering legs a little.

        With every nerve ending alive in her body, Angela whimpered when he
    removed his hands from her body and walked to a dresser across the
    room. Scott opened it and removed a riding crop and walked over to
    where Angela stood waiting for him.
    "Do you know what this is?" He asked, raising the crop for her to get a
    good look at. Angela nodded her head silently, she didn't need to be
    told what he was planning to do.

        Scott stood right up against her and put both of his hands on her
    arms. Angela let herself be turned around facing the bed without
    protest. He was still standing against her, using his hands to move her
    arms in front of her, placing his hands over her own on her thighs. She
    knew that he meant for her not to move her hands, so when he took his
    hands away from her, she kept them where he had placed them.

        Angela felt him moving away and held her breath in anticipation.
    She couldn't keep her body from trembling while Scott stood behind her
    preparing to strike the crop against her prominent ass.

        It was taking his a long time, Angela squirmed while she waited in
    excitement and fear for the whipping to start. She wanted to turn her
    head and see what he was doing, but did not.

        If she had looked over her shoulder, she would have seen Scott
    staring intently at the gentle curve of her hips and ass. He was
    holding the crop in both hands as he appraised her lithe body. After he
    had gazed over her body for several seconds, he finally took the crop
    in one hand and lashed it across the top of her bottom.

        When she felt the sting, Angela nearly fell over in surprise. He
    hadn't hit her very hard, but somehow she wasn't expecting it. Instead
    of crying out, she had tightened up the muscles in her ass and emitted
    a "Whooooo" sound from her lips. Scott gave her a few seconds to relax
    before striking her ass again, just below where the first stroke had
    landed.

        Each stroke stung her, but it was a stinging sensation she very
    much enjoyed. She found herself eagerly awaiting each stroke.

        Angela whimpered while Scott methodically worked his way down her
    lush ass. Each stroke landed just below where the previous one did. By
    the time 15 strokes of the crop has sliced onto her bottom, he had only
    worked his way halfway down her quivering, trembling ass.

        Now he was working on the lower, fleshier portion. His strokes
    became stronger in intensity, gaining moans of pain and pleasure from
    the pretty woman. Angela was panting as she felt him striking her ass
    harder as he got lower. She winced and cried out a little when he got
    to the overhang and laid several strokes on the one place.

        Angela felt herself somehow leaning over a little when the sting
    from the riding crop quickly spread fire to her pulsating pussy. Now he
    was whipping her harder than before, turning the lower globes of her
    asscheeks brighter with every new stroke. Her bottom jerked in the air
    as the heat in her ass drove her crazy. Even though she could feel the
    sting, the strokes were not hurting her at all. He seemed to know
    exactly how hard to strike her and where to place the stroke.

        She felt herself rising higher and higher when Scott stopped
    whipping her and ran his hands over her smooth ass, squeezing the
    cheeks and getting a sharp squeal out of her.
    "I'll bet you liked that, didn't you?" He whispered from behind her.
    Angela squirmed against his squeezing hands and said. "Yes" is a voice
    she hardly recognized as her own.

        He was pushing her gently forward, over the bed. "Lay down in the
    bed." He said shortly while keeping his hands on her hot bottom.

--
Archive-name: Bondage/spicy14.txt
Archive-author: Robert 42
Archive-title: Something a Little Spicy - 14


        Angela laid on the bed and moaned contentedly while Scott massaged
    her soft asscheeks. Then he slapped her bottom sharply and told her to
    turn over.

        She groaned at the new sting and moved to obey his directive. Now
    she turned on her back and gazed up at him. Her thighs were opened
    slightly, he looked down at the soft curls on her pussy and saw her
    excitement glistening on her cunt.

        Scott stood over her and took one of her arms and brought it to the
    corner of the bed where a pair of handcuffs were attached to the post.
    He took the free end of them and clipped it on her wrist before moving
    to the other side of the bed.

        Angela quickly got the idea and moved her own hand toward the post
    and let her other wrist be bound in the same fashion. Her eyes shone at
    him when he moved to the foot of the bed and pulled one of her legs
    toward the corner and attached a leg cuff to it. Her other leg was
    already where he wanted it when he got to the other side.

        She was spread eagle on his bed and watched him in fascination
    while he looked down on her with lust smoking his eyes. He moved to the
    head of the bed and reached his hand behind her neck, holding her head
    up. He moved a pillow under her and let her head rest on it.

        Angela didn't have the slightest notion of what he was going to do
    to her next, but she did know that she was more excited than she could
    ever remember being.
    "Don't go away" He said. "I'll be back in a few minutes."
    She had to giggle at the little joke as he walked from the room.

        While he was gone, Angela experimented with the cuffs that were
    attached to each limb. She found that she could only move her arms and
    legs a few inches, so there would be no getting away until he let her
    go.

        Scott returned a few minutes later with an armful of stuff. Most
    notably a ziploc bag full of ice cubes and a table candle. He brought
    it all to the bed and sat down alongside the lovely brunette while she
    watched him in a bit of confusion.
    "Now" he said, smiling down on her. "I'm going to show you something
    fantastic."

        Angela got a bit nervous when she saw him pick up a lighter and
    light the candle. He set it on the nightstand (It was in a holder)
    while he picked a cube of ice out of the bag. Holding the ice in one
    hand, picking up the burning candle in the other, he leaned over the
    bed and was leaning over her sexy body while she trembled underneath
    him.

        Her eyes were opened wide when he touched the ice to her left
    nipple and held it there with the palm of his hand. Angela squealed and
    thrashed on the bed as much as her binds would allow her. Which wasn't
    all that much to be honest.

        Angela groaned loudly when the frigid cold penetrated her skin and
    pounded at her brain. Then Scott tipped the candle and let the hot wax
    drip onto her other breast.  The heat and the cold together blended to
    drive the pretty woman almost to the brink of insanity. She cried out
    in pain, in wonder, in need.

        The cords of her neck stood out as she lifted her head as high as
    she could while bucking underneath him. Her left nipple was completely
    numb while the right one was being bathed by the steady dripping of the
    hot candle wax.
    "Ooooo God!" She cried. "Please stop!!" he stopped, but not the exact
    way Angela had wanted him to.

        Now he put the candle in his other hand while getting another cube
    from the plastic bag. He dipped the candle and let it drip over her
    frozen nipple while cupping his ice filled hand over her other one.

        The extremes of the ice and the candle were doubly intensified when
    they were now applied to her in this way. The hot seemed hotter on her
    cold tit, while the cold seemed colder on her wax covered tit.

        Her brain tried unsuccessfully to zero in on either of the two
    sensations. The cries that came from her lips were more of bewilderment
    than anything else. Angela closed her eyes and did her best to endure
    the torture.

        Now he was moving them lower, moving both of his hands in figure
    eights around her stomach. Again, the extreme of cold and heat drove
    her up the wall while her stomach got cold and hot at the same time.

        Angela whimpered and sobbed in her frustration as she knew she was
    helpless to do anything about what he was doing. Strangely enough, her
    pussy seeped it's juices in a more liberal manner throughout the whole
    thing.

        Sexual excitement would have to be the last thing Angela thought
    she would have been feeling at this point. But undeniably, there it
    was mingling with the other sensations that rocked her long lithe body.

        Scott got another cube and moved it over her vulva while the
    brunette whined in anguish. Then she felt his fingers moving and
    suddenly the invading cold was going inside her sopping cunt.
    "Oh SHIT!!!!" She screamed while his finger pushed the crescent shaped
    cube into her moist pussy. then the candle was being held over her and
    dripping onto and all around her clitoris.

        Her pussy throbbed and quickly melted the ice inside of her. He
    blew out the candle and set it aside, watching her as she squirmed in
    her sensation fogged stupor. Angela's mouth was opened while her body
    trembled violently on the bed. Her arms and legs pulled against the
    binds to no avail.

        Scott undid his pants and pulled them down. his dick was rock hard
    and he was ready to fuck her silly. Angela saw him climbing between her
    spread thighs and moaned up at him. "Oh god, yes!" She said as she felt
    his thin cock slicing between her legs and into her cunt. Her pussy
    convulsed around his cock as he entered her easily to the hilt.

        He fucked her steadily with powerful strokes. Angela whipped her
    head from side to side while his cannonading prick sent wicked sparks
    of pleasure to her brain. She sobbed and babbled incoherently as come
    after wonderful come had her in oblivion. She enjoyed this roller
    coaster ride for several blissful minutes before Scott lost his control
    and spilled his load deep within her long body.

        Angela floated back to earth as she lounged in the wonderful
    afterglow of her wild experience. Her body tingled all over and she was
    hardly aware that Scott had taken his weight off of her.

        When her breathing got back to almost normal, she looked up at
    Scott and gave him a sweet smile.
    "That was wonderful.. and terrible all at the same time" He had taken a
    towel and was brushing it over her body to dry up the water from the
    melted ice and brush the flakes of wax that were on her. "I can't
    believe how wild that was." She said to him.

        "But I have to go the ladies room. Can you let me go now?" She
    asked him with a smile on her face.
    "Have to go to the bathroom huh?" He said as he got a key and undid
    both ankles from the cuffs that held them open. He took her shoes off
    and then undid her garter belt, pulling it down, the straps connecting
    to her stockings rolling them off her legs.

        "I'll fix you right up, honey" He said as he stood up and went to
    his closet. Angela watched in wonder when he brought out a cardboard
    box and set it on the floor next to the bed.

        Scott sat on the bed and reached into the box, pulling out some
    kind of white cloth. Angela looked at it quizzically for a moment,
    thinking that it reminded her of a.... DIAPER! her mind screamed at
    her.
    "Scott.. What are you doing?" She asked with a bit of a quiver in her
    voice.
    "You said you had to go to the bathroom, didn't you?"
    "Yes, but i'd much prefer to go on my own." She said. He shook his
    head at her.
    "No.. I couldn't have that." He said as he told her to lift her ass up
    so he could get it under her.
    "No!" She hollered at him, refusing to allow herself to be diapered
    like an infant.
    "Angela." He said calmly. "Don't be a bad girl." His hand was on her
    thigh, stroking it softly. "Now lift your bottom up for me so I can put
    your diaper on you."

        Angela's face was red and she looked up and decided that Scott was
    crazy. "Let me go, Scott. This instant!" She commanded him.
    "You're not going to be a good little girl and lift your pretty bottom
    for me?"  He asked her innocently.
    "No! You're not putting that thing on me." She said firmly.

        He was twisting her legs until she was almost on her side. Her ass
    was uncovered while her shoulders ached from the strain.
    "I'm afraid i'm going to have to give you a spanking, honey." He said
    softly. Before Angela had the chance to protest, Scott was slapping her
    bottom while he held her legs still with his other arm.

        Angela cried out in pain and frustration as Scott slapped her ass a
    god 15 times in rapid fire fashion. Tears were welling up in her eyes
    when he let her legs go and she fell back onto her back.
    "Now, are you going to be a good girl and lift your little ass for me?"
    He asked her again.

        Angela was afraid of what he might do to her next. She sobbed in
    defeat as she lifted her hips off the bed and felt his hands moving
    under her. He seemed to know what it was that he was doing and soon had
    her trussed up in an adult sized diaper. Then he pulled out some
    plastic pants and slid them over one, then the other foot while Angela
    cried in sheer humiliation.

        "There you go, sweetheart." He said to her lovingly. "When you make
    in your diaper, i'll come back and change it for you." He leaned over
    and kissed her on the lips before she could turn her head away.

        Scott had left the room and turned on the television while Angela
    laid there and cried unashamed in her frustration and embarrassment.  The
    insistent need to relieve herself mounted until she felt her bladder
    was about to burst.

        More than an hour had passed since Scott had left her alone,
    handcuffed to the bed with nothing on but a diaper and plastic pants.
    Angela sobbed silently when she couldn't take it any longer and let her
    bladder empty into the diaper. Once she had finished, she realised that
    all the urine was still present in the cotton diaper.

        Scott must have been watching a movie or something. It was another
    half hour before he came back into the room. Angela was squirming on
    the bed while whimpering is distress.
    "What's the matter, honey?" The urgency was in her lovely eyes when she
    looked up at him.
    "It burns! Please take it off" She begged him in a whiny voice.
    "Okay, baby. I'll change your diaper for you." He said as he left the
    room.

        He came back a few seconds later with a wet washcloth. He sat down
    next to Angela and took the plastic pants off of her. Then he undid the
    pins and told her to lift her ass again as he pulled the soaked diaper
    away from her.

        Then he was using the warm washcloth on her pussy. Angela sighed in
    relief when the comforting warmth was being washed over her. She felt a
    lot better now that the diaper had been taken off. But somehow, Scott
    was making her feel strange. Angela felt somehow protected by him.

        She cooed contentedly when Scott got some powder from the box and
    was sprinkling it on her pussy and thighs. She actually began to feel
    like a baby while he went on with his task. Angela obediently lifted
    her hips without being told to when Scott got another diaper from the
    box and put it on her.

        Angela was beginning to enjoy the feeling of being pampered like
    that. But her arms were aching and she asked to be released from the
    cuffs. She rubbed her aching wrists when he undid the cuffs.

        She sat up as Scott was moving around the room cleaning up some
    things. "Hey" She said "Don't I get a pacifier?" she asked him with a
    little giggle. Scott went back to the box and reached into it. Sure
    enough, he pulled out an over sized pacifier.

        Angela looked at it for a moment while he held it out to her. "I
    think" she started, reaching up and undoing his pants. "That i'd much
    rather suck on this." down came his pants and she leaned over and took
    him deep into her mouth.



                               TWO MONTHS LATER


        Bridgette had just gotten dressed and was sitting at her mirror
    shaking like crazy. Angela walked into the room and sat on the bed. The
    two sisters studied each other for a moment before Angela spoke.
    "Daddy would have been so proud of this day." She said. Bridgette
    turned to the mirror and picked up her hairbrush, making one or two
    last minute adjustments.

        "How many people are out there?" She asked her younger sister.
    "About 45 or so. Are you nervous, Bridge?" She had finished with the
    hairbrush and was now using hairspray to keep it in place.
    "A little. I guess that's normal." Angela smiled at her. "What about
    you, Angie? Are you ok?"
    "I'm great. Scott and I are going to move into a bigger apartment next
    month. So we can have a play room." Bridgette giggled at her.
    "Both of you are crazy!" Angela laughed and nodded her head.
    "I suppose we are, at that." Then she got serious. "Is this really what
    you want, Bridge?"
    "Yeah, this is what I want." She said simply. Angela stood up.
    "Okay then. I'll go tell them that you're ready."

        Bridgette stood and hugged her sister tight. "I love you so much,
    Angie!" Angela put her arms gently around her sister. "I love you too..
    But don't start crying, this is supposed to be a happy occasion,
    remember?"
    "How can I forget!" Angela walked from the room and returned a moment
    later.
    "Okay, big sister. It's showtime."


        The familiar sound of the Wedding March filled the room as Angela
    slowly escorted her sister into the living room where James and Jason
    stood waiting near a corner. A justice was standing and chatting with
    them when the music had started.

        Angela and Bridgette walked to where they were waiting. When they
    got close enough, a smiling James took Bridgette's hand and turned
    toward the justice.

        All around the room, stood their friends and relatives. A few had
    cameras and were taking pictures. The service was a simple civil
    ceremony and within 10 minutes, James and Bridgette were pronounced
    husband and wife. When they kissed, Bridgette whispered in his ear. "He
    means master and slave."


        After the obligatory toasting, everyone started to celebrate the
    occasion. Looking around the living room. We see Anna, standing with
    Jason and Vickie.

        Anna had moved into their home 2 months before and embarked upon a
    truly wonderful relationship with the couple. She was able to conduct
    her business at their house and still be able to enjoy both of them,
    and their company. Although the beginning almost turned into disaster,
    everything had been worked out fine.

        Angela stood talking to Scott and one of James' friends in another
    part of the room. They're one night in his apartment 2 months earlier
    blossomed into much more. Even though she was dressed elegantly, Angela
    still looked at people and wondered if they knew that she always wore a
    diaper. The day after their dinner, he had taken her to a drug store
    and bought several boxes of disposable adult diapers.

        Angela had been reluctant to wear a diaper to work. She protested
    loudly when Scott told her to. But he flipped her bare assed over his
    lap and gave her a sound spanking, she agreed to do as he wanted.  She
    was careful not to wear anything too clingy for fear of having anyone
    see.

        She loved the feeling of having someone pamper her and take care of
    all of her needs. And in return, he used her body for his, and both of
    their pleasure. Angela was able to get whatever she wanted, whenever she
    wanted by simply acting like a baby. Their current relationship suits
    her fine.


        And then, there's the happy couple. Bridgette had given herself
    totally to James, becoming his slave. As his slave, Bridgette insisted
    that he keep a tight rein on her. Meaning that she wanted to be
    punished for every little thing she did wrong. Which was, at least 4
    times a week.

        And during these frequent punishment sessions, Bridgette never
    failed to turn into a sexual dynamo and completely drain him of his
    energy.


        Talk to Anna, Jason, Angela and Bridgette, the submissives who give
    their body freely to the dominant to do with as they please. But each
    one of them know, that the farther they submit, the more they give
    their bodies to their master or mistress... The more the dominant
    becomes putty in their hands.

     Yes, James, Scott, and Vickie have power over their charges. But tell
    me, who has the REAL power here?


    AUTHOR'S NOTE:


        In writing this, my third book dealing with the world of B&D. I've
    tried to take a more lighthearted look at the whole scene. As in my
    earlier works, I invite you the reader to send me your comments about
    what you have read.

        In fact, about the only way I can tell how many people are reading
    my stuff, is to hear from them in mail or in chat. I ask you to take a
    few seconds to drop me a line and at least tell me that you've read the
    book(s).

        I do intend to keep writing, but as of this date 9-7-89. I don't
    have a clear idea of what I want to do next. But you can be sure that
    it WILL be hot.

    Thank You and enjoy the reading.

    Robert 42

--
