                              Spilled Coffee

  I was in my office quietly working when I heard a female voice say "Oh
shit!", over the cubicle wall.  My surprise turned to astonishment when I 
realized the voice belonged to Niki.  She usually said things like "Darn it!",
or "Gee!", I had never heard her swear.  I had to go and see what the problem
was.  I got there about the same time Joan did.  A coffee cup had overturned
on Niki's desk.  The runoff had landed in her lap, causing a dark stain in her
khaki skirt that looked liked she had wet herself.  The thought of Niki wetting
herself caused my cock to harden, which I hoped nobody would notice.
  "Are you OK?", Joan and I asked in unison.  Niki's face was nearly as red
as her short hair, which caused her freckles to really stand out.  "Yeah, the
cup's been on my desk a while, so the coffee isn't real hot.", she said.  Joan
giggled as she stated the obvious, "It looks like you wet yourself."  Niki
blushed even more as Joan said this.  Joan and I took turns kidding Niki about
her foul language, then drifted off, but not before Niki stole a quick glance
and my erection.  I thought about how her white hose, brown pumps, khaki skirt,
and white cotton blouse with turquoise stripes would look soaked with piss as I
went back to my desk.  
  I heard a knock on my cubicle wall and looked up to see Niki, standing so
her wet skirt was hidden.  My hard cock was still obvious, and Niki sneaked
a few looks at it as she asked if she could borrow my coat to hide her skirt
on the way out.  I readily agreed and Niki said she was ready to leave now.
"I know it's a little early, but I don't want to sit around in my wet skirt.",
she said.  She waited while I locked up and she put on my coat and buttoned 
it up.  I escorted her to the parking lot and when we got to her car she
removed my coat, giving me a good view of her wet skirt.  My half hard cock
got fully erect as I looked at her skirt.  Niki was obviously checking out my
cock as she thanked me for letting her use my coat.  "The real reason I left
early is that I thought you might like this...", Niki said.  My heart pounded
as Niki spread her legs slightly and stuck her hand into her crotch.  The dark
spot in her skirt got shiny again and started to expand as Niki started to pee.
My cock was just about tearing a hole in my lightweight cotton dress slacks
as the stain made it's way down the front of Niki's skirt.  Yellow trails
started to appear in her white stockings as piss made its way down her legs.
I couldn't believe Niki was wetting herself in the parking lot!  Niki's pee
reached the hem of her skirt and started dripping off the hem and onto her
brown pumps.  The trails of piss in her stockings got wider as she pissed.
The yellow flood reached her feet and started to fill her pumps, dripping
over the side of her pumps and squishing through the seams.
  "You like?", Niki asked coyly.  I forgot where I was and pulled Niki to me.
I kissed her deeply as I grabbed her ass with two hands and felt my pants get
wet as her skirt rubbed against me.  "I guess you do!", she said, as she
stepped back to break the kiss and my embrace.  She smiled at me and gave my
cock a quick feel through the wet front of my pants.  "I'd love to continue
this at my place.", Niki said.  Niki got in the car as I stared at the puddle
of piss she'd left on the pavement.  I quickly went around to the passenger
side when I remembered where I was and the condition of my pants.  There is
a time and a place for everything, and this wasn't the time nor place for a
wet pair of pants!  Niki and I confessed our love of piss soaked clothing
to each other as we drove.  I told her she had caused me a real problem at
work when I saw her looking like she'd pissed herself.  "I saw that.", she
said, licking her lips slightly.  "You're lucky I spilled my coffee!", she
continued.  "And how!", I said, visions of just how Niki would look in about
10 minutes filling my head.
  The ride home was having its usual effect on my kidneys and by the time we
got to Niki's I really had to piss.  We went inside and Niki got a bottle of
wine and two glasses.  We sat at the kitchen table in our damp clothing and
had a few glasses of wine.  "Will you wet your pants for me?", Niki asked.
Niki led me onto her back porch.  She turned around and stared at my cock as
she said "Go for it!".  I relaxed and let my urine flow.  My gray dress slacks
showed a dark circle around the head of my cock that grew slowly.  When the
dark stain reached my crotch it proceeded down my thighs and along the inseam
of my pants, leaving shiny darkness behind it.  The stain expanded upward
almost reaching my belt loops before Niki knelt in front of me.  I heard
and felt her unzip my fly as I felt my shoes and socks fill with warm piss.
She pulled my cock through my underwear and fly while I was still peeing, 
soaking her hand and the arm of her blouse in the process.  My piss arced
towards her, splattering all over her breasts.  Her striped blouse started
to grow transparent as it stuck to Niki, revealing a lacy white bra.  Before
my piss reached her skirt she devoured my cock with her mouth.  Niki kept
up with my flow, drinking rapidly as I pissed.  I stopped peeing, but Niki
didn't stop slurping at my cock until I was spurting cum down her throat
and over her face and blouse.
  I was pretty wet from the waist down and the front of Niki's blouse and
skirt were just as soaked.  I assisted Niki to her feet, then kissed her,
making an effort to keep my shirt and tie dry.  I kissed my way down Niki's
chin tasting my piss on the way.  I worked my way down her shoulder to her
left breast.  I sucked my own piss off of Niki's breast, then moved to her
other breast after her nipple hardened.  When both nipples were hard I kissed
my way down to the front of her skirt, finally tasting her pee.  I lifted
her skirt to find a wet garter belt and stockings and ran my tongue along
the top of her stockings and along her thigh, then to her pussy, sucking
piss through her lacy white panties.  Niki's panties bulged as she started
to piss.  I lapped at flow, locking my mouth over her pussy as she pissed.
I kept up for a while, but Niki increased her flow and I was forced to let
piss run out of my mouth.  I felt my collar getting soaked with Niki's warm
fluid.  Piss was running down the front of tie and over my shoulders as
she pushed my face into her crotch.  I felt the front and back of my shirt
get wet as I sucked her wet panties into my mouth.  Her warm piss was
washing over my belt and down my pants and I chewed on her lacy panties.
I came close to orgasm as her piss reached my cock and balls.  I shivered as
her piss ran down my back and over the crack of my ass.  
  Niki stopped peeing and I nearly ripped her panties to shreds as I pulled
them away from her fragrant pussy.  I could tell the wetness was from more
than piss as I spread her labia and kissed her clit.  I fingered her asshole
as I steadily licked her clit.  Niki mashed my face into her pussy as she
came, coating my face with her juices.  She rinsed my face with a few quick
spurts of piss, losing control of her bladder a bit as she came.  
  Niki smiled weakly at me as she dropped to her knees.  She sat down, then
laid back on the piss wet outdoor carpet.  I spread her legs and hiked
up her skirt, then dropped my pants.  I knelt between her legs, then lowered
myself onto her.  Niki guided my cock into her soaked pussy as I lay down.
I didn't do anything at first, enjoying the feel of my cock as her wet pussy
caressed it as well as the feel of her piss soaked body against me.  Niki
moved first, grinding her pelvis against me and sighing as my cock fully
penetrated her.  She ground up slowly at me and I picked up her rhythm, 
driving my cock deeply into her at the top of her stroke.  We slowly
picked up speed and Niki wrapped her legs around me.  I could feel her heels
dig me slightly as we humped ever faster.  I kissed Niki and squeezed her
breasts through her wet blouse as I enjoyed the feel of her piss soaked
stockings on my ass and legs.  We found a comfortable speed and drove our
bodies together.  I grunted slightly at the bottom of each stroke, and Niki
moaned lightly just after wards.  My grunts got louder and Niki's moans turned
to a loud "OHHH YESSSSSS!" as we came.  I almost passed out as Niki's legs
and vagina locked tightly around me.  We laid together quietly for a while
as my cock softened and our body fluids mingled.  Niki moaned softly as I
let some piss escape my half hard cock, which was still in her vagina.
  Niki suggested we clean each other off so I got off of her and laid down
on the carpet.  Niki got to her knees and straddled me.  She bent over to lick
my cock and she lowered her pussy over me.  I licked piss and cum from her
pussy, getting it nice and clean as she started to bob up and down over my 
cock.  I kissed and nibbled around her labia a while then started to lick
her clit as she kept bobbing away.  I picked up my pace as I felt my orgasm
building.  I exploded into Niki's mouth, and she tried to suck every drop
of my cum up as I gushed away.  I could feel some of cum land in my pubic
hair as she swallowed.  Niki looked at me, cum dripping out of the corners
of her mouth as she came, dousing my face with her juices.  I closed my eyes
and opened my mouth as Niki let loose with piss.  Niki held my cock and
licked her pussy as she peed.  I let loose a few squirts of pee which Niki
hungrily lapped up.  
  I stopped peeing way before Niki did.  Niki got off me and looked at me.
My face, hair, shirt, and tie were soaked.  Niki played with my nipples
through my transparent shirt as she said "Sorry about the tie."  Niki was
pretty wet too.  Her blouse was transparently plastered to her chest, the
front of her skirt was soaked from her waist to the hem.  Her stockings and
pumps were also drenched with piss.  Niki sat down and spread her legs.  I got
to my knees and Niki grabbed my cock with two hands and pulled me to her.  I
walked on my knees until my cock was nestled between her breasts.  She slid my
cock into her shirt and squeezed it between her breasts.  I started to fuck
her breasts, enjoying the feel of her wet bra, blouse and her soft skin against
my cock.  It didn't take long for me to orgasm, gobs of white cum all over her
blouse, bra and breasts.  I washed the mess away with a warm piss, resoaking
her bra and blouse.  The stream reached her chin and my piss ran down to rewet
the front of her skirt.  Niki pushed me away and turned, a trail of piss
running along the dry side of her skirt to her ass.  Niki wiggled her ass in
front of me as I wet down the ass of her khaki skirt.  When I ran dry, she
lifted her skirt up to expose her pussy.  I took her from behind, sliding my
cock into her pussy.  Our doggie style fuck lasted a long time since I was
pretty tired.  Niki came before I did and she drove her ass at me as I humped
her until I had a small orgasm.  We relaxed a while, then stripped off our wet
things.  We went inside and cleaned up in the shower, then got all piss covered
again in the tub.  Somehow I managed to get hard and we fucked, our naked piss
covered bodies grinding together.  I couldn't cum again but Niki did.  We
showered again and headed off to bed.  We snuggled up together and pulled the
covers up high, drifting off to a relaxing sleep.
