Archive-name: Violent/spokr.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Strip Poker


       When last we left Lisa, she had been tricked into playing a game
of strip poker by her "friend" Patti.  Patti and the two boys, Burt and
Jeff had set a video camcorder to record the young virgins embarassment.
Since the boys quite blatantly had arranged for Lisa to lose they had
positioned her on the couch such that the camera had a birds-eye view of
ALL of her charms.  On the last hand Patti had convinced Lisa to play
one more hand.  They agreed to let her keep her panties on (she had
just lost them) in exchange for betting her modesty.  If she won, the
game was over, she put her clothes back on and left.  If she lost then
she had to pose as the boys requested.  Of course, she lost.  They
cheated, but she lost.  She went through the embarrassing positions with
her legs spread, spreading her lips by hand, showing her ass, even
spreading her ass cheeks.  If only she had known that the camera was
watching...and recording her every shame.

	It was morning.  Lisa awoke with a start from a horrible
dream.  She was running naked through the town and all of the men
were out on the street leering at her! But it had not been a dream.
Now, she remembered her horrible shame at being naked and exposed.
She sat up with a start.  Nothing looked familiar to her.  Of course,
she was at Patti's.  Her friend.  Some friend.  She had let her play
that horrible game.  Lisa shivered at the thought.  She had always
thought that the first time she was naked with a man would be her
wedding night!  God, if her poor mom ever found out.

	"Hi, sleeping beauty", said Patti as she bounced into the room
and sat on the bed.  "Are you going to sleep all morning?  It's
already 9 o'clock."  Lisa looked shamefully at Patti, but Patti gave
no sign of shame.  Instead she hit her with a pillow!  "Get up, you.",
Patti laughed.  Lisa rubbed her eyes, maybe it had been a dream?

	"Jeff and Burt called they have something they want you to
see.  I quess there's nothing left for them to see.", laughed Patti.
Oh God, it was true! thought Lisa.  She had been naked in front of the
two boys and in front of Patti!  How could she ever face the two boys
again?  "They said to come right over, we left too fast last night",
explained Patti.  "Patti....", asked Lisa hesitantly, "did...it really
happen last night?"  "Oh, the game?", quized Patti, "Sure, you were a
hit.  You've got quite a body.  The guys were impressed.  I think that's
what the guys want to see you about."  Patti jumped up said "Come on, get
dressed", and bounded out of the room.  In a daze Lisa got up and walked
to the bathroom.  She took off her pajamas and turned on the water.  While
she waited for the water to warm up she looked into the mirror.  She had
lovely long blond hair and a pretty face.  Her body was slim, but at only
14 she had to admit she was on her way.  Her breasts were small but perky,
her waist slim and tight.  Her hips were a little on the slim side but her
buttocks were nicely rounded and flowed down her long, slender, slightly 
gawky legs.  Where her legs met was a fluff of wheat blonde hair which
was so fine that it hid nothing.  She spread her legs slightly and saw that
her pussy lips showed right through.  "My God! She had spread her legs much
wider than that last night!  They had seen everything!"  Lisa shivered, but
not from the cold.  She quickly stepped into the shower and tried to wash the
shame off.  No way she'd play strip poker again if that's what those boys
wanted.

	Lisa dressed in her jeans she didn't want to show anything and put
a long sleeved blue top on over her pink bra.  She buttoned it up to the
top.  She put socks on this time and then her sneaks.  She shoved her mini-
skirt and top into her overnight bag.  She would never be able to wear them
again without thinking of that horrible night.
	As she went downstairs she saw Patti was waiting for her.  Patti had
on slacks and a sweater over a blouse.  Once again she had more clothes on,
thought Lisa, her grey eyes glaring.  "Let's go girl, the guys are waiting,"
declared Patti.  "Why are we going there?," quizzed Lisa.  "I told you the
guys want to show you something," answered Patti. "I won't play poker again,"
declared Lisa defiantly.  "I'm sure that's not what we ... er.. they  want,"
answered Patti.  I wonder what she meant by that? thought Lisa.

	In a few minutes they were again at the boys house. Lisa again
felt a shiver.  Patti knocked on the door and in a few seconds Burt
answered the door. "Well, hi dolls," he said.  "Come into the web said
the spider," he laughed.  Lisa blushed as she walked into the house.
Both of these boys had seen her naked.  Burt motioned to the seat on the
couch where Lisa's shame had occurred.  She moved to the chair and sat.
Burt shrugged and laughed.  Jeff looked up from the VCR where he had
been toiling and smiled at Patti then at Lisa.  "Here she is guys," said
Patti with a devilish laugh.  "There she is," said Jeff and Burt almost
at the same time.  They looked at each other and laughed.  "Look.  I
don't think what happened last night is very funny and I won't play
again. Ever!," said Lisa.  "Are you sure?" asked Burt with a mocking tone.
"Oh pretty please play strippy pokey with us," teased Jeff.
	"I'm leaving," said Lisa with tears whelming up in her eyes.  As
she got up to leave Burt said "SIT DOWN!" so harshly that Lisa involuntarily
set back down with a stunned look on her face.  "Maybe you better take a look
at this before you act so stuck up, little miss strip poker." With that 
admonition Burt waived the remote control and suddenly the TV jumped to life.
As she watched a picture slowly unfolded.  It looked like...No...It was...
Oh NO!...It was...her and Patti sitting on the couch.  She had her mini-skirt
on and the camera had a wonderful picture of her legs and her.  She looked
first at Burt, then Jeff, both of whom had filthy smiles on their faces.
She looked at Patti.  Patti was smiling at her!  She had known!  "You...
knew?.." stammered Lisa.  Patti just smiled and said "Watch the flick, it's
x-rated."  As Lisa turned back to the set she watched Burt fast forward through
the film.  She saw herself remove sneaks and top and skirt and suddenly it
slowed down to normal speed.  They watched in silence as Lisa removed
everything and then she heard herself make that last bet.  And lose!  And
she lived through the nightmare again.
	"Why did you tape it!" shrieked Lisa, very upset.  "Give it to
me," She cried.  "In due time," said Burt, "All in due time."  We made
a couple of copies would you like to see them?  They're all the same."
Lisa didn't know what to say.  Her head was spinning like a top.  She
looked at Burt. at Jeff.  at Patti.  Back to Burt.  With a little
excitement in his voice Burt said "Take off your clothes, Lisa."
"No!  No way!" Lisa exclaimed getting up to leave. "I'm out of here."
"If you go we'll show the movie to the kids at school.  And mail a
copy to your mom.  I'm sure she'll understand," said Burt.  Lisa was
speechless.  She couldn't answer. Surely they wouldn't do that.  They'd
get in trouble too wouldn't they?
	"Take your choice.  Take care of our needs or we slam you all
over town.  Every nine year old and up will see you spread your legs and
ass," threatened Burt.  "....what....do...you...want?" whispered Lisa.
She was stunned. Helpless.  She looked at Patti for help, but nothing
was there.  "We want you to... take care of us,"said Burt.  "Yeah. Like
suck me off," said Jeff directly.  "Oh NO! NOT THAT! That's disgusting!
I couldn't do that," cried Lisa. She was definitely in tears now.  She
was trapped, again.  What could she do?
	"Strip Lisa," repeated Burt. "Yeah. Let's see some more stuff,"
yelled Jeff.  Dejectedly Lisa stood up and removed her sneaks and socks.
She tied to move slowly, maybe they'll let her off the hook.  When she got
to her blouse she hesitated.  "What will I have to do?", she queried.  "I
want my cock sucked!" exclaimed Jeff.  "I'll have you take care of me,"
said Burt.  "Yum Yum," said Patti with that devil smile.
"OH GOD! I CAN'T DO THIS!" cried Lisa now in a panic.  "You can and you
will," said Burt.  Slowly Lisa undid the buttons her blouse.  Shuddering,
she removed her blouse to reveal her pink lacy bra and bare stomach.  She
looked up momentarily from her shame and saw Jeff licking his lips and
rubbing his crotch. Quickly she looked back down at her feet.  She undid her
belt and dropped her jeans.  As she stepped out of them she felt three pair
of eyes burn into her now bare legs.  She heard Burt moan.  Patti said "Show
it off Lisa!"  Jeff was still rubbing his now protruding crotch.
	Silently with a stifled sob, Lisa removed her bra and bared her pert
little breasts and erect nipples to the world.  But worst of all to the
twp boys who were her tormentors.  She paused.  "GET ON WITH IT!" commmanded
Jeff, "PULL THEM PANTIES DOWN!"  As Lisa lowered her panties she felt more
naked then she had ever felt before.  As she stepped out of her panties she 
sobbed openly, afraid of what happened next.  Suddenly, Jeff was dropping his
jeans and pulling down his underpants.  His young throbbing spear was in front
of Lisa.  Get down on your knees and suck, BITCH!"  Dumbly, Lisa dropped to her
knees.  She didn't know what to do!  He pushed his cock near her mouth.  "Suck
on it! Take it in your mouth!" he screamed.  He pushed it insistently into
her lips.  She opened her mouth and he leaped forward into it.  The taste was
musky and disgusting.  Slightly salty.  "Yuk!" she said turning her head
involuntarily away.  Roughly he grabbed her long blonde hair and forced her
back into position.  She put her hand up against his abdomen to protect herself
as he violently shoved back into her mouth.  For all his size he was still only
15 years old.  He lasted maybe twenty shoves and leaped forward as if he was
stung by a bee.  As he pressed forward he instinctively pulled the back of
Lisa's head forward.  She gagged on the thick ropes of come ejaculating into
her mouth.  It was so unpleasant she spit most of it down on the rug.  He was
still dripping on the top of her head as Burt jumped up.  "YOU BITCH! You're
ruining the rug.  DAMN!  Lick every drop of that up," Burt demanded.
"What?" questioned Lisa still feeling sick. "Lick that shit up off the
rug!" Burt demanded.  "No way!" said Lisa.  Burt grabbed her by the head
and rammed her face first into the rug.  "Lick it up!" he demanded.  Scared
she began to lick.  The taste of come with dust and rug fibre was even worse
than come alone.  Lisa heaved and coughed but licked up every drop to get
Burt to release her hair.
	"That's better," said Burt.  Now get ready to be punished.  "What
more could they do to her." thought Lisa.  She had been stripped.  Forced
to suck.  Forced to lick the carpet like a vacumn sweeper.
	"Go get the vaseline, Patti," commanded Burt.  Patti ran to the 
bathroom and returned giggling.  "Make her grease herself," said Patti.
"Yeah.  Grease your ass, Lisa," said Burt handing the jar to her.  "What?"
questioned Lisa not understanding.  Put some grease on your ass.  Dumbly
Lisa opened the jar and began to rub grease on her butt cheeks.  "Not on
your cheeks on your hole," said Burt impatiently.  Lisa began to rub the
grease on her pink ass hole.  Suddenly it dawned on her what was going to
happen. She spun over on her back and squeezed her legs together protectively.
"No. PLEASE!", she pleaded.  "Don't do this to me. PLEASE!"
	"Roll over and take your medicine," said Burt roughly.  He reached
down and pushed her toward her side.  She resisted.  He slapped her hard across
the face.  She took a deep breath in.  He hit her again she rolled over.
"PLEASE! DON"T HURT ME!" she cried out.  Patti leaned down and said,
"You better get some of this grease in your hole or it will hurt like hell."
Now resigned to her fate, Lisa grabbed the grease and rubbed it on the
lip of her butt.  She felt Burt spread her thin legs wide apart. Instinctively,
her butt tightened.  Burt began to press his hard rod against her resisting
hole.  As he pushed she tightened and his force pushed her across the rug.
He grabbed her hips and pushed. OH GOD! IT HURT!  He pushed again.  This time
he held her hips tightly near the pelvic bone.  As he pushed he pulled her
down on him.  She squealed like a stuck pig as his manhood broke through
her sphincter muscle. "OWWWWWWWW", she cried, "STOPPPPPP! PLEASEEEEEEE!"
He began to shove in again and again.  Lisa thought a red hot poker was
being thrust into her ass.  She screamed.  She cried.  But the assault
continued.  Her ass throbbed in pain.  The more she resisted the worse
it hurt.  She looked up and saw a face in the now dark television screen.
The face was grimaced in pain like a skeleton.  She heard a voice cry out
in apparent pain.  She realised it was her.  Finally, it ended.
	Burt moaned as he pumped his filth into her gaping hole.  Lisa
cried openly now, pounding her tiny fists on the carpet in frustration.
She had been had!  She was lucky to be escaping with her pussy in one
piece.  Burt fell forward on top of her and exclaimed, "Damn, that was
a good piece of ass."  "GET OFF!", screamed Lisa.  Finally he got up.
Lisa slowly got to her knees, her asshole burned terribly.  Her mouth
had that disgusting taste all through it.  She stood on trembling knees.
Patti handed Lisa her clothing.  She put it on slowly.  She couldn't
look at the boys.  Patti put her hand on her shoulder and said "Come
on. Let's get out of here."   Numbly Lisa walked out with Patti.  Things
would never be the same.
--------------------------------------------------------------------
If the public requests it, we may see chapter 3 where Patti says:
"I've got a copy of the tape too.  You'll do it.  And you'll act
like you like it!"

