Archive-name: Bestial/spot.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Spot


     I had never really thought of myself as kinky,  but as I sit 
and  think about it,  I guess I would have to agree,  I am kinky.  
My list of enjoyable acts includes straight sex as well as  oral, 
anal,  sex with men,  boys,  women,  and girls,  fisting,  golden 
showers,  enemas,  dominance,  submissiveness,  and above all sex 
with animals!
     It  all  began when I was about 14.   I went to  a  Catholic 
girls school, so my contact with boys was very limited.  I was an 
only child,  and lived at home with Mom, Dad, and my dog Spot.  I 
had begun masturbating when I was 12,  and being a good Catholic, 
was very secretive about it, because I knew it was a sin.  By the 
time  I  was  13 however,  the other girls in  my  class  started 
talking  about  "doing themselves" and I realized that  I  wasn't 
alone.  Soon, we were sharing our experiences with each other and 
comparing the methods we used to get off.
     By the time I turned 14,  several of the girls were bragging 
about how they were getting off together,  and even touching each 
other  in  the process.   My best friend Cindy blushed  when  she 
heard  two  of  the girls talking about  fingering  each  other's 
pussies then looked at me with a strange little grin.
     About two weeks after that discussion, Cindy came over to my 
house  to spend the night.   We had gone to my room to get  ready 
for bed and were sitting on the bed talking and playing with spot 
still dressed in our school uniforms.  Those uniforms were really 
stupid,  white blouses, green plaid skirts, and white knee socks.  
The skirts had to be down to the middle of our knees,  but we all 
cheated on that just a little.   Cindy was a blonde, and wore her 
hair in ponytails on both sides of her head.  She had green eyes, 
a  cute face and a good figure for a 14 year old.   She was  tall 
and thin but had a nice pair of breasts and a tight round butt.
     I was shorter than Cindy,  and my breasts weren't as big.  I 
had dark brown hair,  about shoulder length,  and brown eyes.  My 
legs  weren't  as long as Cindy's,  but they were  shaped  really 
nice,  and  my  butt was a bit bigger,  and moved nicely  when  I 
walked.   Somehow,  our discussion got around to sex.  Both of us 
blushingly admitted that we masturbated.  Then I couldn't believe 
my ears as Cindy asked me if we could do it together!
     I  was trying to figure out in my mind how I could  possibly 
get myself off with my best friend watching, when I felt her hand 
reach out and lightly touch my breast!   I jumped like I had been 
shocked.  Cindy imediately pulled back and her face got as red as 
a  beet.   I  still don't understand what made me do  it,  but  I 
reached  over  and took her hand and pressed it back  against  my 
little tittie.   Cindy looked up at me and smiled as she squeezed 
my soft breast.
     Not knowing what else to do at that point, I leaned over and 
kissed her,  right on the lips.   It started as an innocent kiss, 
but I felt her lips part and my tongue slip into her mouth.   Our 
tongues met and a shudder ran through my body.   I raised my hand 
and  placed  it firmly on her right breast.   It felt so big  and 
soft compared to my small firm tits.   As I squeezed it,  I  felt 
her nipple harden and press against my palm.
     We  continued  kissing  and squeezing each others  tits  for 
several  minutes.   I  felt my own nipples harden and  a  familar 
tingling   feeling  begin  between  my   thighs.    Cindy   began 
unbuttoning my blouse,  and I followed suit with hers.   Soon our 
blouses  were crumpled up in a pile on the floor.   I had worn  a 
plain  white  cotton bra,  but Cindy's was a sheer lacy  one,  so 
sheer that I could see the deep pink of her nipples right through 
it.  They were both hard and poked through the thin material like 
pencil  erasers.   I  bent  down and kissed one  of  her  nipples 
through her bra.   She let out a low moan as I did.   While I was 
bent down, she unfastened my bra clasp and pushed the straps down 
off my shoulders.   When I straightened up, It slid right down my 
arms and off.  
     Cindy  took  my small firm breasts in her hands  and  softly 
pinched  my  hard nipples.   I gasped at her touch and  felt  the 
wettness  seeping between my legs.   Cindy's bra fastened in  the 
front,  and  I  quickly  opened it and slipped it  off  her  soft 
mounds.   Her breasts were beautiful.   Soft and white with not a 
bit of sag,  and long hard nipples.   I took those nipples in  my 
mouth,  one at a time, sucking them and flicking my tingue across 
their ends.   Cindy went wild,  pressing her tits against my face 
and reaching down and squeezing my butt through my skirt
     I  knew what we were doing was wrong,  but it felt so good I 
couldn't stop.   My own hand was now on Cindy's knee,  and as she 
leaned over to kiss my titties,  I pushed my hand up between  her 
legs,  bunching  her skirt up as I went.   Cindy willingly spread 
her  legs,  making room for my hand as it traveled up her  thigh.  
Soon  I felt the edge of her little white panties,  and  realized 
that she was just as wet as I was.
     We both laid back on the bed and continued kissing.   Soon I 
fely  Cindy's  hadr  eeach down and slip beneath the  hem  of  my 
skirt.   It  felt  really  strange to have  another  girl's  hand 
traveling up my leg,  but I found that I couldn't wait for her to 
get up to my pussy.  I opened my legs to give her access and then 
felt  her  trembling  hand cup my mound and her  fingers  sliding 
along my panty covered slit.   My hips raised up to meet her hand 
trying to get her finger to press harder against my clit.
     I  sat  up for a moment to look at  Cindy.   Surprisingly  I 
found that the sight of her lying there with bare titties and her 
skirt  bunched  up around her waist really  turned  me  on.   Her 
little  white bikini panties were made of the same sheer material 
as her bra.   I could actually see her light blonde curls through 
the thin material.  I pushed her legs further apart, noticing how 
the  wet  crotch  of her panties was stuck  to  her  pussy  lips.  
Reacking  up to the waistband of her panties I began pulling them 
down.  Cindy raised her hips to make it easier for me as I peeled 
the wet panties off her sweet young cunt.  
     Once I had her panties off, I pulled off my own white cotton 
panties,  then  laid  back on the bed next to her.   Both  of  us 
reached  for  the others cunt,  and I gasped  as  Cindy's  finger 
parted  my pussy lips and found my hard clit.   I had one  finger 
deep  in her pussy while I massaged her clit with my thumb.   Her 
hips  were hunching wildly now and soon her back was arched  high 
off the bed as my fingers brought her to orgasm.
     My  own  orgasm was not far behind as her  finger  continued 
flicking  across my clit.   We hugged each other tightly,  as  we 
enjoyed the afterglow of out first real sexual experience.  As we 
continued  kissing  and  softly  massaging each  others  cunts  I 
suddenly felt something cold and wet touch me between my legs.  I 
looked up to find spot sniffing my wet pussy!   Cindy had removed 
her  hand  when she felt spot nuzzeling against her and  now  was 
grinning as she watched him sniff me.
     Then  I  felt a new sensation that sent a jolt  of  pleasure 
through my still arroused body.   Spot was licking my pussy.  His 
tongue  felt like warm wet velvet as it slithered along my  slit.  
Cindy  giggled  at  first,  but when she saw me  respond  to  his 
tongue,  she reached down and spread open my pussy lips with  her 
fingers.   Now  Spot's slippery tongue was licking directly on my 
exposed  clit!   It  felt better than anything I  had  ever  felt 
before.   Within seconds I was cumming again.  Spot was obviously 
getting  turned on too.   He was humping his haunches in the air, 
just like he did so often to my leg when we played on the floor.
     Cindy  was  now totally engrossed  in  watching  spot.   His 
little red doggy dick was sliding out of its sheath,  and she had 
slid  down  on the bed to get a better look.   I watched  as  she 
tentatively  reached out and wrapped her fingers around his dick.  
Spot humped against her circled fingers like they were a bitch in 
heat.  His doggy dick was now completely exposed and little drops 
of doggy cum were dripping from the tip.   Cindy kept jacking off 
spot  with  one  hand  while  the  other  was  between  her  legs 
masturbating her to another climax.  
     The next thing I knew,  Cindy was lifting spot's front  paws 
up over my legs until one was on either side of my hips.   I then 
fely  the  hard sharp tip of spots dick bumping ahainst my  lower 
belly.   Cindy reached down and grabbed his dick and guided it to 
the  opening of my pussy.   I felt spots hard dick enter  me  and 
begin to pump in and out.   Cindy was holding it in place to make 
sure  it didn't slip out and massaging my erect clit at the  same 
time.   Now  I was cumming again,  and this time was even  better 
than  the last.   I had to put my hand over my mouth to keep from 
screaming in pleasure.  I kept cumming and cumming as I felt spot 
spray his doggy cum into my pussy.   Finally he stopped and tried 
to pull out, but he was stuck!  He twisted and turned and pulled, 
which  only  heightened my enjoyment as his enlarged dick  rubbed 
against the walls of my pussy.  Finally with a pop, his dick came 
out  of me.   We both looked at his dick,  and found that it  had 
swollen to a large lump near the base.  Neither of us knew at the 
time that htis was normal for dogs to prevent sperm from  running 
out of the female, before it has time to do it's job.
     Cindy and I talked while spot rested.  After seeing how much 
I  enjoyed having spot fuck me,  Cindy wanted to try it  herself.  
We hugged and petted each other,  keeping our excitement level at 
a peak until spot was ready for more.   This time Cindy got up on 
her hands and knees,  just like a dog.  I lifted spots front legs 
up around her waist and he grabbed right on and began humping.  
     I  turned  around and bent down to watch as his  little  red 
dick  started  coming out of its sheath.   Cindy  was  definately 
ready.   she  was already moaning in pleasure,  and her hips were 
humping back and forth searching for his dick.   I reached up  to 
try  to guide it into her pussy.   Just as it was about to enter, 
Cindy  and spot both humped at the same time and his  dick  poked 
right  against Cindy's little butt hole instead.   As soon as  it 
touched,  Cindy let out a groan.   I tried to pill it back to her 
pussy,  but  Cindy  stopped me.   I watched in amazement as  spot 
humped his dick right up in her ass.  She was groaning loudly now 
and  reaching  back to play eith her clit as he fucked  her  butt 
hole.   I  replaced  her  hand  with mine  and  rubbed  her  clit 
furiously.   She  sounded  like she was  going  crazy.   She  was 
groaning, and sobbing and almost screaming as she jerked her hips 
wildly.  Suddenly her body went totally rigid, and I knew she was 
cumming.  
     Spot,  meanwhile  was trying to pull out,  but this time  he 
couldn't  get  that swollen knot out of her tight  ass  hole.   I 
didn't know what to do.   Cindy was still moaning in pleasure and 
I  found myself crawling down beneath her to see if I could  help 
spot  get  out.   From my position,  my face was inches from  her 
dripping  pussy.   As  I  worked on spot's dick  it  just  seemed 
natural  to  stick out my tongue and touch it to her  still  hard 
clit.   When I touched it with my tongue,  Cindy went nuts again.  
She screamed she was cumming over and over again.  I kept licking 
and  she kept cumming.   She must have gotten off a  dozen  times 
before I realized that spot had somehow gotten free and was lying 
on the bed licking himself.
     When  Cindy was able to talk again,  she blushed and told me 
that   she  had  played  with  her  ass  many  times  while   she 
masturbated,  but she had been embaressed to tell  anybody.   She 
said  she  liked  to have a fingertip in her butt hole  when  she 
came,  but  spots dick was a whole lot better.   By this time  we 
were both so exhausted that we fell asleep.
     When  I  woke  up the next morning,  I  found  Cindy's  hand 
pressed tightly between my legs and I was holding one of her soft 
tits.   We  laid there for a few minutes while we woke  up,  then 
headed for the shower.  While Cindy turned on the water, I sat on 
the john to take a pee.   As The warm pee sprayed into the toilet 
bowel, I saw Cindy watching me with a strange look on her face.
     We got into the shower together and took turns washing  each 
other's bodies.   We both spent more time than was needed soaping 
up  the other's tits and pussy,  and by the time we rinsed off we 
were both turned on again.  I turned off the water and started to 
get  out  of the shower when Cindy stopped  me.   She  kissed  me 
firmly  on  the mouth and told me she wanted to pay me  back  for 
last night.  
     She dropped down to her knees and pushed my legs apart.  She 
gently  spread my lips and then pressed her mouth firmly over  my 
erect  clit.   I  almost went through the  ceiling.   Her  tongue 
flicked across my clit like a hummingbird's wing.  I had to reach 
out and hold on to the wall to keep from falling.   Just as I was 
about to cum,  I felt her finger sneak back between my ass cheeks 
and  circle my butt hole.   Then without warning she jabbed it in 
my ass up to the first knuckle.   I immediately started  cumming.  
I  jerked  my  hips wildly against her face and felt  her  finger 
burrowing even deeper in my ass.  
     After I had cum for the fourth time, she pulled back from my 
pussy  with  that same strange look on her face that I  had  seen 
earlier.   She wiggled her finger in my ass, bringing me close to 
orgasm again,  then asked if i thought I could pee some more.  My 
eyes opened in shock,  but she was ramming her finger in and  out 
of  my  ass and went back to licking my clit.   In between  every 
lick  she was begging me to pee.   Just as I was cumming for  the 
fifth  time,  without  even  thinking about  it,  I  released  my 
bladder.   I  felt my warm urine flowing out,  right  on  Cindy's 
face.   As I looked down I saw that she was trying to catch it in 
her mouth,  and from the way her body was jerking around, she was 
cumming.  The sight of her drinking my pee seemed to intensify my 
own orgasm to the point that I blacked out.
     When I came to, Cindy was lying next to me in the tub with a 
totally satisfied look on her face.  I asked her how she knew she 
would  like  getting peed on.   She told me that years  ago,  her 
little brother had gotten mad at her and while she was laying out 
in  the sun one day,  had pulled out his dick and peed  all  over 
her.  She said she had gotten furious at him, but had also become 
very sexually arroused.  She had also found out that the taste of 
her  own  pee turned her on,  so she figured that someone  else's 
would do the same.  She then asked if I would like to try it.
     I  told  her I didn't think I wanted to drink  pee,  but  it 
might  be fun to see what it felt like to have someone pee on  my 
naked  body.   She grinned and stood up with one leg on each side 
of  me.   She  reached  down and  spread  open  her  pussy,  then 
concentrating for a moment released a steady stream of warm piss.  
It began spraying on my tits, and I was amazed to find my nipples 
hardening.   She  then directed the stream down my body until  it 
was splashing on my pussy.   Suddenly I realized that I was about 
to cum,  just from being pissed on!  Just as I felt the beginning 
of  my  orgasm I scooted down in the tub until the stream of  her 
piss was hitting me square in the face.   I had my mouth  tightly 
closed,  but  as I came my mouth opened and filled with her  warm 
sweet pee.  I came over and over again and looked up to see Cindy 
cumming too.
     When  we  finally came back to earth,  we turned the  shower 
back on and rinsed ourselves clean.  That night was the beginning 
of my kinky behavior.   If you're really nice, I may tell you how 
I went on from there.  But thats another story.

--
