Archive-name: 3plus/spri1970.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: My Adventures on Spring Break 1970


    After Susan helped me get laid by bring me to a free love party.  (That's  
what we called swing parties back then.)  She and I became close friends and  
began to do just about everything together.  We decided that we would visit  
Ft. Lauderdale on our spring break so we went to a botique to purchase some  
bikinis.  I'd never owned a bikini before but I figured that my 32-22-32 
figure was good enough for one.  Anyway, my rich friend Susan was giving them
 to me as a present.       

    When we got to the botique, we went into a room in the back and Susan and
I stepped down so the two seamstresses could take our measurements.  We sat  
nude while they showed us various bikinis and materials.  We tried on many of  
the bikinis and the seamstresses marked the ones we wanted so they could 
alter  them.  When we's selected three bikinis each, Susan reached down while 
one of  the seamstresses was on her knees marking her bottom and cupped the 
girl's  boob.  The girl looked up, pulled down Susan's bottom, and buried her 
face in  Susan's pussy.  The other girl looked at me and we were soon on the 
floor in  a torrid 69.  Somehow, we managed to get our four bikinis each and 
waited for  the last day of classes.    

    We made good time the first day, stopping in Virginia for the night.  We
pulled into a HoJos and went to the restaurant next door for dinner.  As we  
ate, we noticed a forty something businessman looking at us.  He'd look away  
whenever one of us would look back at him.  He slowly sipped our coffee and  
waited for him to finish and pay his bill.  We then got behind him in line to
pay our bill.  We passed a pleasantry or two and he want to the motel.        

    We  knocked on his door and told him we were lonely and asked if we could 
talk.   We told him that we were college freshmen on our way to Florida for 
spring break.        

    He told us that he had a daughter who was a college sophomore and  asked us 
about our majors.  I rattled on for about ten minutes about litera ture before 
Susan had a chance to volunteer that she was a biology major.   (Go ahead and 
laugh.  Susan is a biologist.)  

    Susan said that she thought that the college needed better labs and more  
field work saying that cutting up dead frogs wasn't as interesting as study ing 
animals in the wild.  Our new friend asked what her interests were and  Susan 
said she was really interested in studying mating rituals.  She went on  about 
the mating dances of loons for a bit before commenting that every species  has 
a specific mating ritual.  She then mentioned that man has one but that  
civilization has obscured it somewhat.        

    Our friend looked at us quizzically.   Susan went on to say that man had 
developed cultural entities such as wearing  clothing that got in the way of 
the natural mating ritual.  She postulated  that on an island where no one 
wore clothing men and women would mate naturally  rather than within the rules 
defined by their specific culture.  The business man almost choked on his 
scotch when Susan pulled her top over her head and  shimmied out of her jeans.  
I did likewise as she asked, 

    "Want to help us with a little experiment?" asked Sue? 

    She didn't wait for an answer and began removing his  clothes.  I joined 
her and began to unbutton his shirt as she dropped to her  knees and began to 
suck his cock.       

    His hands were all over my boobs and his tongue was down my throat.  I
couldtell that Susan was really getting to him by his labored breathing.  
We  then made him lay on the bed so Susan could mount him and I could sit on 
his  face.  We fucked him senseless and kept him hard by sucking his cock and 
let ting him watch us get it on together.  We went at it for well over two 
hours before we were all exhausted.  We woke him up at about five in the 
morning for  a goodbye session.  We then went to our room, showered, paid our 
bill and left  for our destination.       

    When we got to our motel, I was overjoyed to discover it was right on the
beach.  Susan and I once more had dinner, put on our bikinis and checked out
the beach.  We met four guys from Yale who seemed really nice.        

    We talked with  them until just before the sun set and then took a dip.  
The guys seemed con cerned that we didn't have two girl friends to even things 
out.  We suggested  they return with us to our room for a drink.  They said 
they wanted to wash  the salt from their bodies first.  Susan laughed and said 
they could use our  shower for that.  She took two of them by the hands and led 
them toward our  motel.        

    I boldly followed her lead.    We stood in the bedroom as Susan went to 
shower.  She called out  saying there was plenty of room in the shower for two 
more people and sug gested two more people join her.  I guess the two guys that 
did were a bit sur prised to find her completely naked and soaped up.  She 
pulled down their  trunks and soaped up their cocks before leading them out 
onto the large tiled  floor and calling to us to tell us the shower was free.  
The two guys I was  with almost popped their rocks when they saw Susan sucking 
one guy's cock  while the other guy fucked her doggie style.  We showered off 
the salt and  sand and then began our own threesome.  We switched off into 
various three somes until we'd exhausted all but one of the guys who fucked 
me while Susan  sat on my face.       

    The next day morning the maid caught me and Susan in a hot 69.  She rub bed 
herself and was about to leave when Susan motioned to her to join us.   We took 
turns ravishing each other.  Ellen, the maid, joined us every morning after 
that.  After breakfast in our bikinis, we became huntresses.  We rapidly 
located several horny, male college student and even found five other  AC/DC 
girls (That's what we used to call bisexual back then.) during our five  days 
in paradise.  But, we eventually had to return to Boston to study.                                           
--
