Squirt
by The Pervert Writer

    "Come here squirt," said my brother Tommy.  Although my
name is Billy, he always called me squirt.  We were in the
family room, in the basement.  I was watching TV and Tommy
was standing in the doorway of the storage room; where we
kept the lawn furniture and stuff like that.  "What do you
want?" I yelled.  "I'm watching TV."  "Just come here, you
little punk, or I'll slap the shit out of you," he said.  I
knew he was just kidding, because he was always nice to me,
but I figured I better see what he wanted, before he did get
mad.
     When I got to the door, he grabbed my arm and pulled me
inside and locked the door behind us.  At first I though all
the lights were off.  Then I noticed he had set-up a lamp
with a small bulb.  It cast a soft glow over the room.  As I
looked around, I could see he had taken all the lawn chair
cushions and spread them out on the floor.
     "What's going on Tommy?" I asked.  He just smiled and
said, "I just though we would lay down, for a while."  "Why
would we want to do that?  Bed time isn't for a couple of
hours yet," I said.  "Come on," he said, taking my arm, "it
will be fun, you'll see."   As he led me over to the mats, I
was still wondering what he was up to, but I figured I'd go
along with him.  "Lay down here, next to me" he said as he
patted the cushion.  I dropped to my knees, then fell forward
landing on the mat next to him.  I rolled to my side and
propped my head up on my arm.  "Isn't this great, just the
two of us, all alone and secret like," he whispered.  This is
getting good, I thought.  This is the way he talks just
before we do something bad, like make bombs out of matches or
something.  But what could we do here in the dark?
     "You know," he said, stretching out on his back, "I was
just wondering, you know, I was just curious, I mean, ah, how
much do you know about sex," he finally blerted out.  Sex; I
thought; I don't know anything about sex.  "What's to know?"
I said.  "A lot," he said.  "There are lots of things two
boys can do together."  "Like what?"  I asked.  "Oh you're
too young I guess, to do what the big boys do."  "I am not,"
I protested.  "You are too."  He said.  "I bet you don't even
have any hair yet."  "What do you mean," I said touching my
head, "I have hair."  He laughed, and said, "Not on your head
stupid, on your balls, you know your dick." "Oh, I knew
that." I said.  "I was just confused that's all."  "Well
little brother, he said, before I'm done with you, you won't
be confused any more."  That's when he turned toward me and
said, "Well lets see."  "See what?"  I said.  "See if you
have any hair," he said as he grabbed for the top of my
pants.  I grabbed for my pants too, but he was a little
faster.  The next thing I knew the elastic topped pants and
my underwear were coming off.  Tommy quickly stood up, still
holding onto my pants and pulled them right over my feet.  As
I fell back down onto the mat, Tommy dropped down, with one
knee on each side of my thighs and sat on my legs.
    "See, I knew it," he said.  "Not a hair, your balls are
as smooth as a baby's."  "Get off me," I said. "And give me
back my pants."  I tried to lift up my middle and push
Tommy off, it didn't work.  He was just too big for me.  He
said.  "If you want your pants back, you'll have to earn
them."  "Who do you think you are?"  I said.  "You probably
don't have any hair your self."  "I do too."  He said.  "It
just started to grow and Rodger says in no time at all; I'll
have a full bush, just like his."  Rodger, I though, so
that's where Tommy's getting his new found knowledge.  I
filed that bit of information away for future reference.
     Tommy started to open his pants, so I though this was a
good time to try another escape.  I sat straight up and tried
to push Tommy off, I caught him a little off balance, but my
plan failed.  Tommy just reached over my shoulders to the
back of my shirt and pulled it up over my head.  Now I fell
back completely naked.  The fact that I was now naked made me
feel a bit insecure and I decided to give up any attempts of
escape.  Besides, Tommy could just toss me around like a
little rag doll.  He was, after all, a couple of years older
than me.
     I decided to tease Tommy instead.  "So where's all this
hair I've been hearing about?"  "See, you little shit," Tommy
said, as he pulled his T-shirt over his head.  "I don't see
anything yet."  I said.  "Your chest is as bald as mine."
"It's not the chest that counts" he said.  "It's the bush"
and with that he opened his pants, rose up on his knees and
pushed them down his thighs.  "Bush" I said, "You only have a
couple of hairs."  His face turned into a frown and he said
"I know, but more grows everyday.  Besides you little squirt,
you don't have any."  Now it was my turn frown.
     "What do we do now?" I said.  He smiled and rolled off
me and onto the mat at my side.  He removed his pants and
socks and stretched on his back.  Now that he was naked, he
said, "Now you earn your pants back little brother."  "How do
I do that?"  I asked.  "Give me your hand," he said.  Taking
my wrist, he pulled my arm and placed my hand directly on
his dick.
     Now that the stripping was over and the pace of our
activities had slowed considerably I couldn't understand
why my heart was racing and I felt so shaky all over.  I felt
his dick; it was hot and hard, but also felt soft and smooth.
Tommy placed his fingers over mine, then rapped both our
hands around his dick.  He stroked our hands up and down and
said "This is call jerking off.  Have you ever done it?"
"No." I said.  "Does it feel good?"  "It feels great!"  He
said, as he removed his hand from mine.  "Just keep doing it"
He moaned.
    Since we were laying side by side when he took my hand, I
was in an uncomfortable bent over position.  I twisted around
to lay on my belly with my feet going out away from him.  I
lay my head on his stomach and really got into his dick.
Tommy's dick was big; not the biggest I'd ever seen but
definitely bigger then mine.  I suddenly remembered all the
men's dicks I had seen, when I went to the pool, at the YMCA,
with Tommy and Rodger.
    Unlike the men at the pool  who had full, dark bushes,
Tommy's crotch was almost as bald as my own.  He did have a
few curly hairs above his dick,  more then I had, but not the
big deal he made it out to be.  His dick was another story.
Compared to mine it was huge, it was at least six inches long
and as big around as a roll of quarters.  Below his dick, his
balls, smooth little marbles in a soft hairless sack.  I
moved my hand from stroking his dick to his balls and rolled
them around in my fingers.  They were as smooth and hairless,
as my own, only his were bigger and hung looser in their
sack, unlike my own uptight little berries.  With my ear
pressed against Tommy's chest, I could hear him softly moan
with pleasure.
     I suddenly got the urge to taste his dick, but I though
he might get mad.  I found out later how wrong I was.  "Come
on Billy, get back to work." Tommy said and gave me a light
slap on the ass.  I went back to stroking Tommy's dick, up
and down, real slow, as I watch the skin cover, then uncover,
the pink head of his dick.  I was fascinated.
     Slap!  A stinging pain shot through my ass "Faster" he
said.  I squeezed my ass cheeks together in pain and pushed
my little dick into the mat.  It was then that I realized, my
dick was harder then it had ever been.  I started to rub my
dick into the cushion.  It felt great.  I pushed and rubbed
my dick until the skin pulled back and my naked, pink,
head was rubbing on the cushion.  I was starting to lose
control.  I couldn't believe it; here I was naked, with my
brother's dick in my hand, as I rubbed off on the lawn
furniture.
    Slap!  Slap!  Slap!  Tommy's hand came down on my
ass  "Faster" he barked.  The sudden burning pain in my ass
brought me back around and I realized I had been neglecting
Tommy's dick. Quickly, I jumped into action.  I worked his
dick up and down, as fast as I could.  "Easy little squirt."
He said.  "Don't rip it off."  Just use nice steady strokes,
up and down.  "Yea, that's it."  He said, "Nice and steady."
I settled into a nice even stroke that Tommy really enjoyed.
I could tell by the way he moaned encouragement and gave a
little shiver, now and then that I was doing it right
     I still had my head resting on Tommy's stomach, when he
reached down and started to stroke my hair, neck and face.
He ran his hand down my back and brushed it across my ass.
His hand felt cool against my burning ass and I clenched my
tiny ass cheeks together.  He rubbed his palm around in
circles a couple of times then started back up.  When his
hand moved up over my hair, he brought his fingers around to
my mouth and rubbed his middle finger over my lips.  I don't
know why, but I stuck out my tongue and licked his finger.
Then he pushed his finger into my mouth and said "I knew It."
Knew what I wondered, as I sucked on his finger, like a baby
sucks a nipple.
     I gave a little moan has he pulled his finger out of my
mouth and placed his hands on the back of my head.  He
started to push my head down toward his dick.  I pushed back
a little bit and he groaned "You know you want it.  You
little cocksucker.  Now suck it."  He said, as he shoved my
head down onto his dick.  He was right; I did want it.  I
wanted it bad.  I opened my mouth and took his dick to the
back of my throat.  He pushed a little too hard, on the back
of my head and I started to choke.  He let up a little, but
pushed right back down.  It was a little easier this time,
but I still choked.  He held onto my head and set up a slow,
deliberate fucking rhythm.  I was getting into it.  Most of
the strokes were just hitting the back of my throat, but
every fifth or sixth would go all the way down.  He was
getting more and more excited.  His strokes came faster and
harder.  His grip on my head was so tight I had no control
any more.  He fucked his dick in and out of my throat at
will.  I was no longer gagging and had set-up a rhythm of
breathing between strokes.  Tommy was going crazy, his hips
were rising up off the cushions and he was driving his dick
down my throat as far as he could.  My face was being ground
into his almost hairless crotch.  Then it happened.  He
jammed his dick as far as he could into my face.  I could
feel his dick grow even bigger.
    Then, something I couldn't understand happened.  My mouth
and throat filled with a hot, sticky substance; it tasted
salty.  Tommy held my head very tight as his body squirmed
and jerked all over the place. Then he fell flat onto the
cushions and let out a long loud sigh.
     Tommy held onto my head; as more of the sticky stuff
leaked out of his dick.  I didn't mind the taste, so I just
licked and swallowed whatever came out.  But, what is it?  I
though, will it make me sick.  Did Tommy Pee in my mouth?
What is it?  I was confused, but I liked it.  After a couple
of minutes, I noticed Tommy would shiver every time I rubbed
my tongue over the head of his softening cock.   He made me
stop.  "Well little brother,  how did you like your first
taste of cum?"  He asked.
     "Cum" I said.  What's cum?  "Cum is what separates the
men from the boys."  He said.  When you get old enough your
balls make the seeds of life, called sperm, he explained, as
if he had read it from a book he didn't quite understand.  I
didn't really care as long as I might get another chance to
taste the wonderful stuff.
     "Now it's your turn."  He said.  "Move around this way,"
he said indicating I should lay down next him.  I slipped
around and lay face down by his side.  I though this was the
best way because I really liked to rub my little hairless
dick on the mat.  "What are you doing ass up; Squirt?  He
asked.  'Huh!' I said and started to turn over.  "No stay
that way" He barked. "You really are a pussy boy."  I didn't
know if that remark was meant to hurt me or not, but when
Tommy started to rub my back, I really didn't care.  "Just
relax."  He said as his hand trailed lightly up and down my
back.  It felt good, real good.  Each stroke of his hand came
closer and closer to my ass and for some reason, I didn't
understand, I wanted him to touch me there.  Every time his
hand slid down my back toward my buns, I would lift up on my
ass to meet his caress.  Tommy liked that and would slide his
fingers a little deeper into my hairless crack.
     After a couple of minutes, of this action, I was
alternating between grinding my little boy dick, into the
mat, trying to cum like Tommy did and pushing my little
hairless ass up into the air trying to meet Tommy's every
touch.  Then it happened, something electrifying.  Tommy's
finger touched my asshole.  I couldn't believe it.  It was
terrific, it was lighting, I just shivered.  Tommy, sensing
my excitement left his finger right on the opening of my
asshole as I squirmed and rubbed against his hand.  He drew
his hand away and I fell flat against the mat.  Tommy rolled
on top of me and I could feel his dick pressing into the
crack of my ass.  His dick felt great.  It snuggled into my
hairless little ass cheeks as if it was meant to be there
forever.  I pushed back on my ass and wiggled my smooth buns
against Tommy's grinding cock.  Tommy put his mouth to my ear
and whispered "That hot little ass of yours is going to make
you the most popular little pussy boy in the whole
neighborhood.  Even more in demand then Gerry's little
brother.  And once I get you broken in I'm going to use that
popularity to trade myself into the bottom of every little
boy in town."
     I didn't really know what the hell Tommy was talking
about, but I liked the way he rubbed his naked body over mine
as he said it.  Tommy moved his knees between my legs and
spread them apart.  My legs now on the outside of his caused
my little ass to open wider.  His cock ground deeper, into my
slippery asscrack.  Tommy was getting frantic, his cock
rubbing my ass cheeks faster.
    He started to moan "Oh shit, oh shit" over and over in my
ear.  Then he bit into my shoulder.  He went ridged and I
could feel his second load of cum gushing into the crack of
my ass.  It was hot, almost scolding.  It lubricated his dick
in my ass crack till it made a squishing sound.
     Tommy laid still for a few minutes then whispered "Did
you come off yet, little brother."  "No" I groaned.  "I'll
take care of that." He said.  He lifted his hot sweaty
body off mine and started a trail of little kissing bites
down my back.  By the time he reached the top of my ass crack
I was going crazy.  His mouth felt so wild.  I didn't think
anything could be better.  Then he started to lap up the cum
his teenage dick had just deposited on my less then teenage
ass.  I couldn't believe it.  He was actually licking,
all around my ass.  Then his tongue narrowed in on my asshole
and wormed its way around my tight little ring.  Tommy
hunched up on his knees and put his arms between my legs and
lifted my ass to his face.  With a firm grip on the inside of
my hips, his elbows holding my thighs apart.  My little
asshole was throbbing and my dick felt as if it was going to
explode.  Tommy lifted my ass a little higher then pushed his
tongue directly at the center of my asshole.  I just relaxed
and let him do whatever he wanted.  I could feel his tongue
sliding past the ring of my asshole and massage the smooth
linings of my insides.  It was more then I could stand.  I
started to cum.  I lifted up onto my elbows and with my head
hanging down I could see my dick, bouncing up and down, like
a pencil stuck into my crotch, dripping with the first signs
of pre-teenage cum.  My asshole had a life of its own.  It
was opening and closing at will, trying to suck Tommy's
tongue out of his mouth and into my guts. I wanted more.  I
wanted something bigger.  I wanted Tommy's dick!


Squirt
by The Pervert Writer

PART 2

     "Hey, you two, get your asses up here for bed."  Dad
yelled from the top of the steps.  Tommy jumped up, wiping
his slimy face on my tee shirt, which he threw at me and said
"Get dressed.  Quick!"  I laid there for a second thinking;
did I really want Tommy's dick up my little asshole.
Wouldn't it hurt?  It did feel great having his tongue up
there, but his dick was so big.  "Come on," he said
standing by the door, "get moving."
     As we came up the stairs from the basement Dad was
sitting in the living room watching TV.  "Get your little
asses to bed," he said, and no fooling around.  There's
school tomorrow.  I'll be up in a little while to check on
you."  "Yes sir," said Tommy as he headed for the steps
upstairs.  Dad looked up from the TV and said.  "Billy, come
here."  I bashfully walked over to Dad's chair.  What's this
on your shirt?  He asked.  I didn't know what to say, I
froze.  Ah, ah, I don't know. "What do you mean you don't
know, what are you some kind of baby or something?"  I just
stood there.  I couldn't move.  Tommy yelled from the stairs
"The little squirt's been wiping his nose on his shirt
again."  "Is that it Billy?"  Dad said.  "I Guess so"  I
said.  "Don't you thing your a little old to act like that?"
He asked.   "Yes sir."  I said meekly.  "I should tan you
little ass good for you.  Acting like such a slob."  He said,
as he grabbed the front of my shirt and yanked me across the
arm of the chair, onto his lap.  This is it, I thought.  I'm
going to get my ass beat.  My whole body tensed.  Dad's hand
rose high into the air.  I squeezed my little ass as tight
as I could, in preparation of the blow to come.  His arm
swiftly came down.  I braced my self.  The slap never came.
Instead his hand rested lightly on my jean covered buns and
with a laugh in his voice he said "I really had you going
didn't I, Billy?"  Hearing that, all the tension in my body
just melted away.
     I lay across his lap and let out a great sigh of relief.
As I lay there, I realized dad's hand was still on my ass;
his big palm covering both of my little cheeks at once.  I
was dazed; never before in my young life had anyone felt my
ass.  Now within the last two hours both my brother and my
dad had me squirming at their touch.  Dad's hand rubbed up
and down the crack of my ass, where just minutes before
Tommy's tongue had been.  His hand felt great.  I squirmed my
little ass back into his fingers.  This action caused him to
shake his head and loose that glazed over look in his eyes.
     The next thing I knew, his fingers were digging into my
sides and I burst out laughing.  His tickling caused me to
squirm all over his lap.  Sometime during my thrashing about,
my elbow, hip or knee must have come into contact with a
sensitive spot of his crotch, because he bolted upright and
said "OK, lets calm down."  He picked me up by the waist,
spun me around and plopped me down onto his lap.  My back was
to his chest, his head over my shoulder and his arms lightly
around my waist.  He went back to watching the TV.
     I, on the other hand wasn't the least bit interested in
what was on the TV.  I sat there feeling his warm body
against mine and thought of all the feeling, touching and
tonguing that I had recently experienced.  All these thoughts
had me squirming in my seat.  I swore I could feel dad's dick
rubbing my ass through his pants.  Could that bulge really be
his dick?  No, it was too big.  It felt twice as big as
Tommy's.
    I wiggled my ass more, trying to feel his dick.  I swore
I could feel his hot dick burning through his close and mine
into my hungry little ass.  Dad shifted in his seat and took
a tight hold of my waist.  He began to slide my body over
his, my ass over his dick.  I was his.  I wanted him to take
off my close and rub his hard naked dick in my ass crack.  He
just held me like a doll and slid my little boy ass, my pussy
boy ass, as Tommy had said, over his hot throbbing dick.
With a shiver he pulled me tight to his chest and sat still
for a long moment.  I could feel his throbbing dick pressing
into the seat of my pants.  I loved it.
    "If you can't sit still," he said "You better go up to
bed."  With that he picked me up and stood me in front of the
chair.  Could he see my hard, little dick throbbing in my
pants?  "Good night, dad," I said and ran up the stairs.
     When I got up to our room Tommy was already in bed.  He
looked up and said "Hurry up and get in bet and turn out the
light."  I quickly undressed and got in bed.  My sleep was
restless.  Dreams of big dicks and tongues filled my head.
     Mom called up the stairs "It's time to get up for school
boys."  I didn't want get up.  It felt too good to just lay
there.  "Come on, Squirt."  Tommy said as he gave me a shove.
"OK, OK I'm up."  I groaned, as I slid out of bed and headed
for the upstairs bathroom, that Tommy and I shared.  I had to
pee really bad so I quickly pulled off my underpants and
stepped into the shower.  I figured I would pee down the
drain like I always did.  As I bent to turn on the water
Tommy flung open the curtain and quickly slapped my bare ass.
It stung.  It stung bad.  "Hey" I yelled. "What was that
for?"  "Just to wake you up."  He laughed.  "I'm up."  I
said.  "I can see." He said as he reached for my dick "Up and
hard"  He was right my dick was hard. Before he touched it,
it was just piss hard.  Now, with his fingers pinching it,
pissing was out of the question.  My bladder ached but I
couldn't piss with Tommy stroking my dick.  "You want my dick
little brother."  He said.  I looked down his naked body to
where his dick stood up as big and hard as it did last night.
"Oh yea" I mumbled as I stared at crotch.  "Oh yea, what?
Pussy boy."  He whispered.  "Yea I want your dick."  I said.
"Where do you want it Pussy boy."  He asked.  Where did I
want his dick; I thought, in my mouth; in my ass; rubbing
up and down my crack; where?  "Everywhere." I said.  "On your
Knees," he barked.  I slide down into the bathtub and
Tommy placed one hand on the back of my head and the other on
his dick.  He rubbed his dick over my lips and as I went to
take it into my mouth; he pulled back and asked "What do you
say?" "Please." I begged.  "Good boy." He said as he pushed
his hard cock into my mouth, in one quick stroke.  He held me
firm as he ground his cock into my throat.  I don't know what
came over me, but I started to pee.
     The hot liquid burned up my little pisser and flooded my
little tummy in a golden stream.  This didn't go unnoticed by
Tommy, who pulled his dick out of my mouth and stared down at
me.  This is it, I thought; I've pissed him off.  He looked
down with a determined look on his face, then broke into a
sheepish grin.  All of a sudden Tommy was pissing all over my
face, eyes and mouth.  I felt it running down my
chest, circle around my ball and drip off between my legs.
It was great.  I loved it.  I opened my mouth and let his
piss run down my throat and into my belly.  Tommy's dick had
stopped pissing as I lunged forward to take him into my
mouth.  Just as my lips touched his head he pulled me away.
"Not now."  He said.  "After school, mom won't be home and
she asked me to babysit you.  And don't touch your dick all
day or I'll beat your ass."  School was going to be rough.
     I was half way to school when Dennis Martin came running
up.  Dennis was the son of my gym teacher and they lived a
couple of blocks from our house.  I think his parents
divorced, because there was just him and his dad.  He was
yelling, "Hey Billy wait up." I stopped and waited for him.
    I never paid much attention to Dennis before, but today I
had different ideas in my head.  He was one year younger than
me and was in a lower grade.  I use to think he was just a
little boy, but today I wondered what it would be like to see
him naked.  Maybe suck his little dick into my mouth and make
him squirm all around the way I did to Tommy.  I could still
feel Tommy's dick in my mouth and throat.  I had to get these
thoughts out of my head or I'd never make it through school
today.  As Dennis ran to catch up, I looked him up and down.
He looked the same as he always did; only this time I saw him
in a different light.  I didn't see him as the little kid
from down the block; I saw him as someone to have sex with,
maybe.
    Dennis was a cute kid with a little button nose and a
mop of golden blonde hair, that was a bit too long.  He stood
about four and a half feet high and weighed all of eighty
pounds.  In spite of his size, he was a wiry little squirt
that could rough and tumble with the best of them.  He wore a
white Tee shirt that hung over a pair of small red shorts.
The shorts were the ones he wore all summer. He had out grown
them a while back.  The leg openings of his shorts hugged the
tops of his hairless thighs and squeezed in his little boy
crotch.  The shorts were entirely unsuitable for school, but
if his father didn't mind; I wasn't going to complain.  His
outfit was finished off with white knee socks and sneakers.
He looked like such a sissy, I thought.  I liked it; maybe he
was another pussy boy, like me.
     I wanted a better look at his little bubble butt, so I
said, "Hey Dennis you've got something on the back of your
shorts."  "Really," he said as he stuck out his little ass
and tried to twist his head to see what I meant.  Obviously
he couldn't see anything, because there wasn't anything
there.  "Come here." I said, and as he turned toward me I
lifted the back of his Tee shirt to check out his ass.  The
shorts were tight and hugged his round little buns.  The
cloth faded and worn thin on the curve of his cheeks,
made then look smaller and rounder.  I could see the
top of his white underwear.  Size eight I noted.  "Well," he
said, "what's there?"  "This," I said, as I took a grab at
his tight little butt and pinched a fold of skin between my
fingers.  "Ouch!" He yelled, as he jumped way from me.  "What
did you do that for?"  He cried, as he rubbed his tiny
bruised ass with his hand.  "Just teasing."  I said, as we
walked to school.
     Dennis walked in silence for a while, then said, "Hey
Billy, would you like to come over my house, after school and
play or something?"  "No, I don't think so, Dennis," I said.
"My dad won't be home.  We could be all alone, till six
o'clock."  "Sorry,"  I said.  "I've got to do something with
Tommy."  "Maybe I could come over to your house and help
you?" he said.  A thought of Dennis naked, on his knees
helping me suck Tommy's dick, flashed through my head.  My
dick stood up rock hard in my pants.  Did Dennis notice and
lick his lips?  No, it must just be my imagination.  "Not
this time," I said, "maybe next time."
     "See you later, Billy."  Dennis said, as he headed for
his classroom, on the other side of the building.  I headed
for home room.  I took my seat and started to watch the other
boys come in.  I saw the other boys in a whole new way
today.  They were no longer the kids I grew up with.  They
were dicks and asses and crotches.  Some in jeans, some in
slacks, some in shorts.  I couldn't stand it I felt like I
was going to lose my mind.  There was Gary and Ralph horsing
around by the black board, both wearing baggy jean shorts
that hugged their tiny waist.  There was Kenny, sitting in
the back of the room, with his crossed legs up on a chair in
front of him.  His crotch bulging as he read some paper
backed book.  I was just about to rub my dick through my
pants, when Mr. Walters came in.  "OK, everybody," he said,
"take your seats."
     I made it through homeroom and the rest of the morning,
without too much trouble.  Just the occasional stray thoughts
of what was going to happen after school.  The afternoon was
going to be different.  My last class of the day was gym.
How was I going to strip naked in a locker room full of young
naked boys and not get a very obvious hard on?  These
thoughts were all that filled my mind until the bell for gym
class rang.
     I walked into the locker room.  All the boys were in
some state of undress.  Some in underwear, some without
shirts, some completely naked, with there smooth, hairless
young bodies displayed before me.  My head was spinning.  My
heart pounded.  I couldn't get naked and into my gym close
now.  I walked in to the coach's office, up to Mr. Martin and
said.  "Excuse me, sir."  "Yes Billy," he said, "what is it?"
"Can I be excused from dressing for gym today?"  I asked.
"Why," he asked "don't you feel well?"  "My stomach is a
little upset," I said.  Which wasn't a lie, it felt like it
was tied in a knot.  "Do you want to go to the nurse?"  He
asked, with a tone of concern in his voice.  "No," I said, "I
just don't feel like running around today."  "OK," he said,
"you just lay down on my couch till after class."
     I lay back on the cool leather couch and watched Mr.
Martin, Dennis' dad, work on his class roster.  I was
starting to feel better when in walked Tony Bucco.  Tony was
the star of the wrestling team and having been kept back a
couple of years was probably the oldest student in the
school.  "You wanted to see me coach?" he asked. "Yea Tony,"
said coach Martin, "strip down and get on the scale."  I need
some measurements for the wrestling stats.  "No problem
Coach."  He said as he whipped off his shirt.  I couldn't
help it I let out an "oh" and rolled onto my stomach.  I
didn't want them to see I was getting a hard-on.  "What's the
matter with the punk?" Tony asked, as he pealed off the rest
of his close.  "He doesn't feel too well today,"  Mr. Martin
said.  "What's the matter, little boy.  Does you have a tummy
ache?"  He teased.  "Leave the kid alone and get on the
scale."  Mr. Martin barked.
    Tony stepped on the scale and set the weights as Mr.
Martin started to write in his book.  I couldn't help
starring at Tony. He was built!  Tony's muscular body was
covered in a fine black fur, the likes of which I had never
seen before on someone as young as him.  He was one of those
boys that matures faster then the rest of us.  My eyes traced
down his chest across his firm hard stomach to just above his
crotch.  Tony's bush was a full mass of dark curly hairs that
thinned as it spread out in all directions up and down the
rest of his body.  I didn't think anyone could be as hairy as
Tony.
     My gaze turned toward Tony's dick.  He was standing
sideways to me with his crotch about three feet from my face.
His dick lay softly over his ball, with his pink circumcised
head hanging just below his balls.  I started to wonder how
big it would get hard.  I lay there watching Tony; my little
dick throbbing in my pants.  Tony reached down and started to
touch his dick.  My mouth just fell open.  He lightly stroked
his dick in the middle of the coach's office as if he were
all alone.  I couldn't believe it, didn't he know what he was
doing.  Tony turned his head and caught me starring at him,
looked directly into my eyes and said "I think I, got just
what little Billy here needs, to feel much better.  He gave
his growing dick a flip my direction to accentuate his words.
My mind just over loaded, I curled into a tight ball as I lay
on my side and shut my eyes tight.
     "Weight?" coach Martin asked.  "One eighty five."  Tony
said. "Height?"  "Five eleven." "Waist?" "Thirty."  They
continued on until Mr. Martin, coach Martin, had all the
information he needed.  Tony just scooped up his close and
headed out into the locker room.  The coach stood up from his
desk and walked to the doorway of his office.  He picked up
his whistle form around his neck and after one quick blow
yelled "OK boys, let's hit the gym."  Everyone went running
out as Mr. Martin came and sat on the edge of the couch.  I
flinched as his hand first rested on my shoulder, but I
relaxed as he spoke to me.  "Are you going to be all right
Billy?"  He asked as he rubbed his hand up and down my back.
"Fine Mr. Martin."  I replied.  As his hand came to my waist
he slipped his fingers under my shirt and stroked my back up
to my shoulder blades.  I gave a little shiver at his touch
and he said "I'll be right outside in the gym if you need
anything, anything thing at all.  Don't be afraid to ask."
"I won't coach.  I'll be all right.  I just want to rest a
bit." "OK Billy"  He said as he headed out the door, closing
it behind him.  Now that I was alone in the coach's office I
could finely relax.  I stretched out on my back and started
to rehash the events of the day over in my mind.  There was
the scene with Tommy in the bathroom this morning.  There was
Dennis' little butt in those tight red shorts; Tony waving
his dick around and coach Martin's hand on my bare skin.  I
suddenly realized my hand was stroking my hard dick through
the front of my pants and what Tommy had said this morning
came flashing into my head.  "Don't touch your dick all day."
He had said.  I decided to check out the coach's office
instead.
    I slid off the couch and checked out the coaches desk.
On the top was the usual stuff paper, pens, the class roster
and stuff like that.  I went through all the draws.  There
was nothing of interest except the side draw had the chain
and silver key the coach usually wore around his neck.  He
must have forgotten it today.  I wondered what it went to.
    The rest of the room was filled with athletic equipment,
balls and bats and other junk.  Against one wall was a row of
lockers.  I decided to check them out.  The first had the
coached street close, I figured I better not disturb anything
in there.  The second had his gym close. On the top of the
pile was his jock.  I picked it up with shaking hands and
brought it to my nose.  I inhaled deeply and was rewarded
with the most wonderful smell.  It was a manly smell, mixed
with sweat and piss.  I almost came in my pants.  I put the
jock back and closed the locker door.  It was just to much!
    I tried the next locker.  It was locked.  Suddenly I
remembered the little silver key.  I got the key from the
coaches desk and tried it in the locker.  It fit!  I opened
the door and was surprised to find about a half dozen video
tapes,  that was all just a few tapes.  As I considered the
significance of locking the tapes and the way the coach
always guarded the small silver key, I remembered the video
camera sitting atop the tripod in the corner.  It was the one
they used to tape the sporting events and always stood in
that same spot when not in use.  I went over to it and popped
of the lens cover.  I placed my eye to the eyepiece, but it
was all dark inside.  Puzzled I switched the power switch on
and the little TV inside the camera lit up.  Now I could see
as the camera focused on a chart that hung on the coach's
wall.  It was a pull down chart, like a window shade, of a
figure doing exercises.  Strange I thought as I walked over
and peaked behind it.  I couldn't belive what I found.  The
chart was covering a window.  Wait a minute there isn't a
window in the locker room.  I stuck my head out the office
door and noticed the other side of the window was the mirror
in the locker room.  Back in the coach's office I pulled the
bottom of the chart and it rolled up to the ceiling.  There
before my eyes was a perfect view of the locker room, right
into the showers.


