			  Sweet Revenge


There's a lady I play with from time to time.  Let's call her Tigra. 
Power is her thing.  Some people like pain, or sex, or fear, or something
else.  For Tigra, it's the ebb and flow of power, the back and forth
exchange. 

One afternoon we were lying in bed, side-by-side.  She was running her
hands down my sides and started playfully tickling me.  I fought back, and
we started rolling around and wrestling with each other.  After a few
minutes, I wound up flat on my back, Tigra straddling my hips, pinning my
wrists to the bed.  I probably couldn't have escaped even if I'd wanted
to--she's much bigger and stronger than I am--but there was a look in her
eyes that made me not even want to try.  I stopped struggling and lay
still, looking up at her. 

She smiled wickedly.  "I've got you now.  Hmm...what shall I do with you?" 

"Whatever you like," I replied, fascinated by the gleam in her eyes. 

"Hmm," she said again.  "Let me think."  She started moving her hips,
brushing my cock ever so gently with her pussy.  I moaned and tried to
push up against her, but she held me fast.  "Uh uh uh," she chided. 
"*I'm* in control here." 

She thought for a bit more and then leaned in close to my face.  She kept
on brushing her pussy against me.  The glow in her eyes grew even wilder
and her voice lowered to a husky whisper as she told me what she wanted to
do to me. 

"I want to torture you, freep.  I'll tell you what I want to do and then
you'll tell me it's ok and then I'm going to do it to you.  Do you
understand, freep?" 

I nodded and she smiled.  "Good," she whispered.  "The first thing is
you're going to set up your restraints so I can tie you to the bed.  And
then I'm going to tie you up, so you can't escape, and I'm going to
torture you.  I'm going to bite and scratch and hit you.  And I'm going to
get you so turned on you can't think straight.  And then you know what,
freep?  I'm going to fuck you." 

"Yes..." I said.  I was getting more and more excited with every word. 
This was wild: negotiation as a form of foreplay.  And all the while she
talked, she stared into my eyes and rubbed herself against me. 

"I'm going to sit on you and slide your cock into my pussy, freep.  And
I'm going to ride on you until I come.  But you know what, freep?  You're
not going to come." 

"I'm not?"  I said. 

She smiled evilly.  "No, freep, you're not going to come.  I'm going to
fuck you for *MY* pleasure...and then I'm going to slide off you.  And do
you know what I'm going to do then, freep?" 

I shook my head. 

"I'm *really* going to fuck you, freep," she whispered.  "I'm going to
fuck you in the ass.  I'm going to put a condom on the vibrator and work
it into your ass and fill you up.  Do you understand what I'm going to do,
freep?  Tell me what I'm going to do." 

"You're going to fuck me in the ass with a vibrator," I whispered back. 

"That's right, freep.  I'm going to fuck you in the ass with a vibrator. 
And I'm going to push it in and out of you just like it was a real cock. 
And I'm going to make you groan and want more.  But you're still not going
to come, are you?" 

"No...not unless you say so." 

"Very good, freep.  That's very good.  And after I fuck you in the ass,
you know what I'm going to do?  I'm going to suck you, freep.  I'm going
to take your cock into my mouth and suck on it.  I'm going to lick it and
slide my lips along it and take you right to the edge of coming.  But you
know what, freep?  You're still not going to come.  Are you?" 

"No...I'm not going to come." 

"That's right," she whispered.  "And then after I suck you, do you know
what I'm going to do?  I'm going to fuck you again.  I'm going to climb
onto your hard cock and take you right to the edge.  And then I'll stop. 
And then I'll start fucking you again until you're right on the edge.  And
then I'll stop.  And again and again.  And finally I'll fuck you until I
come again.  But you won't come, will you, freep?" 

"No...I won't." 

"That's right, freep.  You won't.  Now tell me whether it's okay to do
this.  And if it's okay, then I'll torture you.  And if it's not, then
we'll stop now." 

I thought about it for a second.  Or tried to think about it--I was
frantic with need and my mind wasn't working too well.  The whole time
she'd been telling me what she was going to do, I'd gotten more and more
aroused.  But I managed to realize there was one thing missing. 

"Umm..." I said.  "Will I have a safeword?" 

She looked at me in mock surprise.  "Of *course* you'll have a safeword,
dear freep.  You'll have a safeword and a slowword.  Now tell me what the
safeword means." 

"That I want to stop." 

She nodded.  "That's right, freep.  And what does the slowword mean?" 

"That I don't want you to stop but I need you to back off or I'll have to
stop." 

"Very good," she said, voice still at a whisper.  "Now tell me what the
safeword is and what the slowword is." 

"Red and yellow," I whispered back. 

"Oh, that's good, freep.  Now tell me what I'm going to do to you." 

"You're going to torture me," I whispered.  "And you're going to fuck me,
and fuck me in the ass with a vibrator, and suck me, and fuck me again. 
And I'm not going to come unless you say so." 

"Oh, that's very good, freep.  You got that exactly right.  Now...it's
time to choose."  She stopped moving against me and looked me in the eyes. 
"Do you want me to do these things to you?" 

I looked right back at her.  "Yes,"  I said.  "Yes, I do." 

There was a look of triumph in her eyes.  "That's excellent, freep."  She
rolled off of me.  "Set up the restraints." 

				# # #

A few minutes later I was flat on my back again.  This time I was tied to
the bed in a spread-eagle position, leather cuffs on my wrists and ankles. 
Tigra sat above me once again, a smile of triumph and anticipation on her
face.  She stroked my chest lightly with her fingertips and grinned even
more broadly when I shivered.  I was nervous--but God, was I excited. 

She leaned in close, pressing her breasts against me, and taking my face
in her hands.  She stroked my cheek for a second and then kissed me.  She
kissed me hard, her tongue sliding into my mouth.  I moaned and tried to
kiss back, but she pulled away.  She raised herself all the way to a
sitting position again and reached back and slapped the inside of my
thigh.  It stung. 

"No," she said.  "I'm in control here.  You don't do *anything* unless I
tell you to.  Do you understand?" 

I nodded.  "Yes, I understand." 

"Good."  She leaned back over and kissed me again.  It was wonderful--
she's a beautiful kisser--but it was so hard not to kiss back.  I had to
fight to stay aware of it and not try. 

After a few minutes, her lips left mine and she placed a gentle kiss on
each of my eyelids and the bridge of my nose.  Then she started licking my
cheek.  She licked my face all over, just like the cat she sometimes seems
to be.  That was...different.  I'm not sure whether I liked it or not. 
But I lay still and took it. 

She licked her way over to my ear and gently stuck the tip of her tongue
into my ear.  Nothing to be unsure about this time.  That always makes me
crazy with pleasure.  I moaned as she licked and nibbled and gently probed
my ear, then slid her tongue down to my neck.  She licked my neck for a
moment and then suddenly sank her teeth in, hard.  I nearly went through
the roof. 

She bit my neck, over and over again, rolling the flesh between her teeth. 
I panted and whimpered and tried to press my body against hers, but I
couldn't move because of the restraints.  I twisted my head and tried to
bite her, and she reached back and slapped my thighs again.  Hard.  I got
the message and lay still again, panting. 

Tigra nibbled her way down my chest to my right nipple.  She licked it and
sucked on it for a minute, then paused.  She jumped off the bed and
disappeared for a minute.  I heard her puttering around and then she came
back into view.  Suddenly there was a *sprrrrt* noise and something cold
and sticky was all over my chest.  I raised my head to see.  She was
squirting whipped cream on me.  Okay, why not.  She finished applying the
whipped cream, and picked up a container full of fresh raspberries.  She
took a few out and placed them on my chest, including a couple right on my
nipples. 

She started licking the whipped cream and raspberries off my skin.  It
felt incredibly sensual and a little bit ticklish.  I liked it.  When she
finished, she licked the last traces of whipped cream from her lips and
leaned in to kiss me.  I could taste the sweet stickiness on her lips. 
Then she started rubbing her breasts all over my face.  I tried to capture
one of her nipples in my mouth, and that earned me another hard slap on
the thighs.  I lay still, then, and let her run her nipples all over my
face.  She traced my lips with them, but I held still, knowing what she
wanted. 

Tigra bent back toward my right nipple.  She took it between her teeth and
started biting it, hard.  I yelped in pleasure and pain.  She alternated
between sucking and biting, pushing me until it really hurt and I was
writhing on the bed, and then backing off. 

She tortured my nipples for a while and then got off me for a second.  I
heard her rummage around in the toy bag and then she was back.  Suddenly
there was a sharp, rough pain on my tender nipple.  She had picked up one
of the other cuffs, one with a velcro closure, and was rubbing the velcro
against my nipple.  I yelped.  She took that as a good sign and rubbed
even harder.  Meanwhile, she leaned down to the other nipple and started
licking and sucking it.  The combination was driving me crazy. 

She moved backwards on my body and bent toward my groin.  Suddenly there
was an incredible sharp pain on my right thigh, right where she'd slapped
me before.  She was biting me, really digging in with her sharp teeth. 
This was real pain, but my cock was hard as a rock.  She moved around a
bit, biting different spots, and then moved over to my other thigh.  She
finally stopped and I lay back, whimpering. 

She got up again then and I saw her pick up one of my deerskin floggers. 
I was glad; the soft, sensual deerskin tails would be a relief after what
she'd been doing to me.  But I guessed wrong.  Instead of the tails
stroking my thighs, there was a hard *thwap* against them.  She had
reversed the flogger and was beating me with the hard handle.  I yelped
some more and twisted, trying to get away, but I couldn't move in the
restraints. 

Tigra was breathing hard herself, more from excitement than exertion.  She
unrolled a condom onto my cock and then straddled me, sliding my cock into
her pussy.  She was unbelievably hot and wet.  She started riding up and
down on me, faster and faster.  I moaned and started pumping back.  She
reached behind and raked my sore thighs with her nails. 

"Lie still unless I tell you to move," she said.  I complied, moaning in
frustration this time, and she started moving again.  She kept it up until
I was close to the edge and then stopped.  I whimpered in frustration as
she sat still on my cock.  After a minute she raised herself just a little
off the bed, so that only the tip of my cock was in her. 

"Now," she said.  "You do the work.  Fuck me hard.  Make me come."  I
started thrusting my hips upward into her, trying to get as deep inside
her as possible.  It was tough.  She was pretty high off the bed and I had
to strain to go deeply into her.  I fucked her that way for a while, and
was getting close to an orgasm myself, when she suddenly said, "Stop." 

I groaned again but complied with her orders.  She smiled evilly and
started riding up and down on me again.  She took no notice of me, but
used me for her own pleasure.  I wanted to come too but I held off as
tightly as I could, forcing myself not to come.  Finally I was rewarded by
the feel of her pussy contracting on my cock as she started coming. 

She collapsed forward onto me, my cock still buried inside her and still
wanting to come at any moment.  She slowly slid off me.  When her pussy
left my cock, I whimpered in frustration.  She smiled, enjoying my
frustration. 

"Awww," she said.  "Poor thing."  She swatted my cock, not too hard. 
"Hmm, let's clean this up."  She was in the middle of her period and the
condom was covered with menstrual blood.  She peeled it off and got rid of
it.  Then she looked at me again, eyes glittering.  "Do you know what I'm
going to do now, freep?" 

"Yes," I said.  "You're going to fuck me in the ass." 

She nodded.  "That's right.  I'm going to fuck you in the ass."  She got
off the edge and found a vibrator.  She unrolled a new condom on it, then
rummaged around some more.  "Where's your lube?" 

I thought.  "Umm...I think we're out.  I was going to get some at the
store." 

"Tsk tsk."  She shook her head.  "You'll just have to do the best you can. 
The condom is lubricated, maybe that will work." 

I started to get a little scared.  "Uhh...I'm not sure this is going to
work." 

She smiled and patted my cheek.  "If it hurts too much, tell me, and I'll
stop.  But you'll at least try, won't you?" 

"Yes," I said.  "I'll try." 

"Good."  She unhooked the cords on my ankle restraints and pulled them up
towards my wrists, pulling my legs back and upward.  She hooked the cords
to the wrist restraints, leaving me open and exposed.  I was a little
nervous but very excited. 

I heard a click and then the familiar buzz of the vibrator.  There was a
sudden pressure against my anus as she pressed the end of the vibrator
against me.  It felt good.  I tried to relax myself as she gently pressed
the vibrator against me, trying to work it in. 

The vibrator felt good and she managed to slowly work it in a couple
inches, but without the lube it wasn't working well.  It started to hurt
as she pushed and I finally told her so, and the vibrator was withdrawn. 
She clicked it off and set it aside, saying, "Oh, well.  I'll just have to
do something else."  And she leaned in to bite my inner thighs some more. 
REALLY hard this time--so hard that she left bruises that lasted for a
week.  And I don't bruise easily. 

She bit me until I was close to my pain limit.  I knew I couldn't take
much more and was almost to the point of calling yellow when she stopped. 
Then I felt her soft tongue licking my sore thighs.  It felt wonderful. 
She licked upwards toward my groin, finally sending shivers of delight
through me as she tongued my balls.  She licked once up and down my shaft. 
It felt wonderful. 

"Do you remember what comes next, freep?" she asked, licking my shaft. 

"Yes,"  I said.  "You're going to suck me." 

"That's right.  And you're still not going to come.  If you get to the
edge, and don't think you can hold off, I want you to say so. 
Understand?" 

"Yes," I said, nodding. 

"Good."  She unrolled a fresh condom on me and took my cock into her
mouth.  She slid her mouth almost all the way down the shaft, then back up
to the head, working with her tongue.  She's VERY good at that. 

She sucked me until I was close to the edge.  I fought it as long as I
could and finally gasped out, "On the edge."  She immediately stopped and
took her mouth away from me.  I lay still, panting.  She gave me a few
seconds to recover, and then started in again.  At least the condom made
it a little easier to take.  No way I could have lasted that long with her
mouth on my bare skin. 

She gave the head of my cock a final nip and then straddled my hips again. 
She pressed against me, her pussy against my cock but not inside, rocking
back and forth.  She leaned forward and dangled her breasts against my
face again. 

Tigra reached below her and took hold of my cock, sliding it back inside
her.  I gasped at the feel of her--so hot and tight.  She started riding
up and down on me until I was close to the edge.  Then she stopped. 

"Remember, freep, I want you to tell me when you get close to the edge." 
She leaned forward and licked my face again. 

"Yes, I understand," I said. 

"Good," she purred.  She lifted herself a little off me again, like she
had before.  "Now fuck me.  Make me come.  When I come...you can." 

That was some kind of incentive.  I started thrusting upward as hard and
as far as I could.  I watched her face, seeing her build close to orgasm. 
I knew it wouldn't be much longer, and then I could come. 

Suddenly her eyes opened and she said, "No.  Not yet."  I groaned.  "Stop
moving."  I lay still, my cock throbbing in her, for a few seconds.  Then
she said, "That's enough rest.  Start again." 

I started fucking upwards again, trying to make her come.  She leaned over
me, eyes closed, enjoying it.  Finally I was right on the edge and told
her so.  Her eyes opened and she said, "Stop."  I stopped again.  A few
seconds of rest, and then she said, "Start again.  And this time you're to
go on until I come.  And then you can come." 

I started again, fucking her hot pussy, using only my hips.  This time I
got close to the edge, but knew I couldn't stop.  Fortunately, I could
tell that she was close too.  I used all my strength to hold off and try
to make her come. 

Finally I felt her pussy squeeze down on my cock, and she whispered, "I'm
coming...."  And I let go my control and started coming at the same time,
while I kept on fucking her until we both stopped coming.  Then I
collapsed, exhausted, and she fell over on top of me. 

She lay there on me, eyes closed, panting, while I panted too.  Then she
raised her head and kissed me.  She reached over and freed my wrists from
the restraints, and I wrapped my arms around her.  She laid her head back
on my chest. 

We cuddled for a while.  Then she raised her head and looked at me.  "What
are you thinking?" she asked. 

I smiled.  "That was wonderful.  Thank you." 

Her eyes narrowed.  "That's not all you're thinking.  I can tell." 

I grinned.  "You're right.  I'm plotting my revenge." 

She raised an eyebrow.  "Oh?  What makes you think you'll get a chance? 
*I'm* in control now!" 

"I'll take it back," I told her. 

"That won't be easy.  I'll fight as hard as I can." 

"I know.  But I'll do it anyway." 

She said nothing else, but cuddled down against my chest.  I held her
tightly and we drifted off to sleep. 

				# # #

That night, we were in bed and started horsing around.  (Do you sense a
trend here?) Once again Tigra wound up on top of me, straddling the middle
of my body.  There was a look of triumph in her eyes, and she said, "Let's
see, what shall I do with you this time?" 

"Nothing," I said. 

"Oh, really?" she said, arching an eyebrow. 

"Really," I replied.  I reached up and grabbed one of her nipples between
my thumb and forefinger.  She responded by reaching down and digging her
nails into my chest.  I squeezed harder.  She dug in harder.  I watched
her eyes until I saw what I was waiting for: a slight uncertainty.  I
started pulling forward on her, dragging her down toward me by the nipple. 
She fought against it, but couldn't resist the pull on her nipple. 

I pulled her down until she was against my chest, but didn't let go.  With
my other hand, I grabbed the hair behind her head and forced her head
around so I could sink my teeth into her neck.  I heard her whimper.  She
was still resisting, but her resistance was weakening. 

Her eyes started to close from the sensation of my fingers and teeth. 
When she relaxed slightly, I had my chance.  I let go suddenly and flipped
her over, landing on top of her.  This time I wound up straddling her. 
She started bucking, trying to throw me off, but again I grabbed hold of
her nipple and pinched hard.  She whimpered.  I looked into her eyes and
watched her decide to give in for now.  I knew that she would go along for
a while, and then try to take control back when she saw an opening.  I
didn't intend to let that happen. 

She lay quietly, looking up at me, while I stroked her cheek.  I ran my
fingertips lightly over her skin and she shivered.  I leaned in close and
planted kisses all over her face, then kissed her deeply.  But unlike when
she was topping, I let her kiss back.  I wasn't going to do things exactly
the same way she had.  In some ways I was going to be easier; in other
ways, much harder. 

We kissed for a few minutes and then I leaned over and started tonguing
her ear.  It worked on her just as well as it had on me.  I bit her
earlobe and then her neck, alternately licking, sucking, and biting.  Her
breath was coming faster and faster.  I gently ran my fingertips over the
top of her breasts and felt the goosebumps there.  My fingers converged on
her nipple and stroked it gently.  It was hard as a rock. 

I worked to get her more and more aroused with my fingers and mouth until
she was moaning and wiggling her hips under me.  It was time to start
fucking her.  I put on another condom and slid my cock slowly into her
pussy.  I very gradually pushed in until I was buried completely inside
her.  Then I started moving back and forth, at first slowly, then a little
faster.  She moved her hips in time with me, eyes half-closed. 

"Tigra," I said.  Her eyes opened.  "You may not come without my
permission.  Do you understand?"  She nodded, then fell back into the
rhythm of our fucking.  She and I are *very* good together--we wind up
moving together almost like a single person with two bodies but one mind. 
I was building up to orgasm but held off; there was something I wanted to
happen first. 

It didn't take much longer.  She wrapped her legs around me, trying to
pull me even deeper into her, and said, "Please, may I come?" 

I looked into her eyes and smiled.  "No," I said.  "You may not come." 
Her eyes widened and I went on fucking her.  A few seconds more and I
started coming myself.  That got her even more excited--either of us
coming usually sets off the other--and she said a little more insistently,
"Please, freep, may I come?" 

I shook my head and smiled.  "Nope."  She growled.  I kept on fucking her
as long as I could after my orgasm.  Finally I had to stop; I pulled out
and got rid of another bloody condom.  She growled again at me.  I said,
"Don't worry.  You're not done yet by a long shot." 

I put a new condom on the vibrator (yeah, we go through a lot of condoms
*grin*), clicked it on, and slid it into her pussy.  She was so wet and
wide open that it went in with almost no resistance, almost to its limit. 
I started fucking her with it and playing with her clit with my other
hand.  That went on for a while as she built back up toward a peak.  I
pushed the vibrator in and out faster and faster as she panted.  Once
again she asked, "*Please*, may I come?" 

"No."  I pushed the vibrator in and out of her, faster and faster. 

"Yes!"  She shook her head back and forth in frustration. 

"NO.  You may not come."  I kept on with the vibrator. 

She shook her head violently back and forth for a few minutes, then
started begging.  "Oh please, oh please, I can't take it anymore.  I
can't!" 

"Okay," I said, clicking off the vibrator and pulling it out.  "I'll stop
then." 

"NOOOO!!!" she screamed.  She raised her head off the bed and stared at
me, fury and pleading in her eyes.  She panted for a few seconds and then
said quietly, "Don't stop." 

"What was that?" I asked

"Please don't stop," she said, a little louder.  Most of the defiance was
gone from her voice now. 

"Very well."  I grinned.  "Get on your knees."  She turned over onto her
knees, right at the edge of the bed. 

I was excited again so I put on another condom and moved behind her.  I
stood next to the bed and grabbed her hips, pushing against her.  She was
so wet it was unbelievable; there was no resistance at all to my cock
sliding back inside her.  I started fucking again, pushing her further. 
She started squeezing my cock with her pussy--she has unbelievable
muscles.  She could tell from the pressure of my hands grasping her hips
how good it felt, and she changed tactics. 

"Wouldn't it feel good," she pleaded, squeezing her pussy again, "to feel
me come and clamp down on your cock?" 

"Yes, it would," I said, and she smiled.  "But I'm still not going to let
you come."  And I kept on fucking her.  She groaned in frustration and
started squeezing faster and harder. 

"Oh, please please please, *please* let me come," she begged.  "I need it
so bad." 

"You don't need it," I said.  "You came twice this afternoon.  You just
*want* it.  And you're not going to get it."  She whimpered.  "And you
might as well give up trying to distract me with something just because it
feels good.  I know that trick of yours." 

She craned her head around to look at me.  Her eyes widened.  For the
first time I could see her think that maybe she truly was going to lose
the game.  "You're really not going to let me come, are you?" she asked. 

"No, I'm not.  But I'm going to keep torturing you.  I wonder how long we
can keep this up, between my cock and the vibrator.  Neither of us has to
get up in the morning."  Her eyes widened even further.  I could see a
little fear in them--but even more excitement. 

I looked down at her bare back in front of me.  For some reason it seemed
to be just *begging* to feel the touch of some leather.  I leaned over and
grabbed a deerskin flogger from the toybag.  I trailed the ends across her
back and then started laying into her while I fucked her.  She moaned and
thrashed around, going absolutely crazy. 

This time I was building up to a really incredible orgasm, and when I came
it was mindblowing.  I collapsed against her, then slowly pulled out.  She
tried to hold me inside her, but to no avail.  I got rid of that condom
while she lay panting there.  I picked up the vibrator and brandished it
at her, then set it down, struck by an inspiration. 

I reached into the toy drawer and pulled out the rainbow tie-dyed flogger. 
She thought I was going to flog her, but I had something else in mind.  I
grabbed another condom and unrolled it over the handle.  I pushed the
handle against her pussy and it was amazing--almost as if she was sucking
it in. 

The handle went deep into her pussy and her eyes closed.  It looked a
little strange, but incredibly erotic, to see the rainbow tails of the
flogger dangling from her pussy.  I started fucking her with the flogger. 
She started going nuts. 

After a few minutes of this, I clicked the vibrator on and handed it to
her.  "Use this on your clit," I said. 

She froze for a second.  "I'll die," she said. 

"No, you won't.  Now do it."  And with that, she took the vibrator from my
hand and started pressing it against her clit while I fucked her with the
flogger handle.  I had to give her credit; she didn't do a half-assed job
with the vibrator.  She quickly built up close to the edge and started
begging me again. 

"Oh please, freep, *please* let me come." 

"No.  You're not going to come."  I kept on with the flogger handle. 

"I can't, I can't, I *can't* stop it." she panted. 

"Yes, you can," I said.  "You're very strong.  Just keep it there." 

"Yes..." she said, and fell into a moaning/panting rhythm.  She was right
on the edge--and stayed there.  I love keeping her on the edge. 

I was getting excited yet again, so I told her to take the vibrator away. 
I pulled the flogger out and she whimpered.  I stopped for a minute to let
her come down.  She knelt there, panting and whimpering, while I stroked
her back. 

"On your back," I ordered.  She complied, turning over slowly.  I put on
yet another condom and slid back into her.  This time, after two orgasms
already, it was going to be a long time--if at all--before I could come
again.  I could torture her for a *long* time by fucking her.  And so I
did. 

It went on and on and on.  She was close to the edge to start with and it
only got worse.  She started screaming and crying and begging to come, and
every time she begged, I said no.  Finally she raised her head and looked
me in the eye and screamed, "I submit!  I submit!  Now *PLEASE* let me
come!!!" 

"No."  I smiled.  "If you've truly submitted, it won't matter whether you
come or not, now, will it?" 

She was quiet for a moment--while I kept on fucking her--and then said
quietly, "No.  It doesn't matter."  And I could tell she meant it.  I kept
on, fucking her as hard and fast as I could.  Suddenly she started crying
and shaking her head, sobbing, "I can't.  I can't take it.  Please stop. 
I can't take it." 

I never stopped fucking while I stroked her cheek with one hand.  "Yes,
you can, dear.  You can take it.  You can take it for me." 

She looked deeply into my eyes.  All the resistance and defiance was gone. 
All there was left was the desire to please me.  "Yes," she whispered. 
"For you.  I give it to you.  All my desire and my frustration--for you." 

I leaned down and kissed her.  "Thank you.  Thank you, love.  It's a
wonderful gift--because it does please me so to keep you on the edge like
this." 

"Yes," she whispered.  "On the edge.  I'm right on the edge." 

"I know you are, love.  I can see it.  And the edge is a wonderful place,
isn't it?  A wonderful place to hang there, balanced on the edge." 

"Yes," she said, looking at me in total, open submission.  Then she
surprised me.  "Make it harder.  Please." 

I wasn't sure I *could* make it harder, but I tried.  I fucked her even
harder and faster.  I leaned down and took first one nipple, then the
other, into my mouth, sucking and biting them.  She was panting in time
with the rhythm of our fucking: far, far gone.  I kept it up as long as I
could, then collapsed, dripping sweat on her. 

I pulled out and she just laid there, panting, eyes starting into space. 
I stroked her breasts and belly, waiting for her to come down a bit. 
After a minute, she whispered, "My pussy *aches*.  It needs to be filled
up with something." 

I went to pick up the vibrator again, when she said, "Please give me your
fist." 

"There's no lube, remember?" I reminded her gently. 

"That's all right," she panted.  "With the blood and all it should work." 

I thought about it for a minute.  I'd fisted her several times before,
with little or no difficulty; she's a big woman and I have small hands. 
But this would be another situation entirely.  I could tell she really
wanted it, though, and it would be an excellent way to finish the scene. 

"All right," I said.  "I'll try.  But you're to tell me if it starts
hurting.  Do you understand?" 

"Yes," she said, nodding.  "I'll tell you if it hurts." 

I went to wash my hands thoroughly, leaving them wet.  When I came back, I
started gradually working my fingers inside her.  The first three were no
trouble at all, the fourth not much more so.  When I put my thumb inside,
it started getting cramped.  But I worked *very*slowly and gradually,
working my hand inside her bit by bit.  Once she asked me to back off a
bit because it hurt; I did so, and tried a slightly different angle.  That
worked better. 

Eventually, I did it.  I got my whole fist inside her.  Then I clicked on
the vibrator again and pressed it against her clit, moving it around in
little circles.  I'm no  sure it made much difference, she was so far
gone.  Well, I guess it did, because I could feel her pussy contract.  And
it may not have been painful for her, but it sure was for me.  Without the
lube, the walls of her vagina pressed painfully tight against my hand. 
And it was a REAL tight fit.  I couldn't move my hand around the way I
usually did.  Each time her muscles contracted, it felt like my hand was
being crushed. 

Her eyes were glazed, and my hand really hurting, so I started gradually
withdrawing from her.  I got my hand out and it was covered with her
blood.  It was a good thing I'd known about her period, or I'd have
thought I killed her.  She lay panting, eyes closed.  I went to wash my
hands again and brought back a washcloth and towel and cleaned her up. 
She was really far gone. 

"That's all," I told her.  "Let's curl up and go to sleep."  We got under
the covers and curled up.  I held her tightly. 

She was on the edge of sleep, but was awake enough to whisper, "How long?" 

I glanced at the clock.  "A little over two hours." 

She smiled, eyes still closed.  "You know, it would have been even better
to torture me for two hours and *then* let me come.  It would have been
much more effective." 

I smiled back, even though she couldn't see it.  "No...no, I don't think
so.  I think what I did was *very* effective." 

It must have been.  There was no answer.  She was sound asleep. 

freep
