Copyright © 1997,  Rich Humus,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.






                     My Sweet Semen-Swilling Secretary
                     by Rich Humus

My secretary, Joan, leaned back in her chair and swallowed. "Ummmmm, that's
sooooo goood....." she murmured. I was breathing heavily, trying to get my
eyes back into focus. It was my fourth orgasm of the day into the mouth of
my girl Friday, and I was just about worn to a frazzle. I am lucky enough
to have found a young lady who's an expert at eating cum. She knows
computers, can type about 70 words a minute, manages to answer and route
all my calls with ease, and still finds time to empty my balls three times
a day. What more could a boss ask for?

Let me describe Joan for you. She's 24, single, about 5' 7" tall, with
longish dark blonde hair. She had green eyes. Her measurements are, I'd
guess, about 34 or 35 with a "C" cup,  25, 36. She has nice long, trim
legs, and a very pretty face. By almost anybody's standards, she's a
beautiful young woman. I don't know if I'd classify her as "pinup" or
"model" material, but nevertheless, she's very attractive. She started
working for me about three years ago, right after she got out of junior
college. I have her attending night classes to get her bachelor's degree in
accounting, and she's doing quite well, managing to keep up a 3.7 GPA.

About a month after she started working for me, she knocked on my office
door at about 4:30 one afternoon, and, after I aksed her to come in, she
sat in a chair across from my desk, and asked if she could talk to me.

"Sure, Joan, anything at all. What's on your mind?"

"Well, this is kinda embarrassing, Mr. Porter. I mean, I don't really know
how to begin or anything. Oh, darn, maybe I'll just forget it." She
stammered out, and started to get up. I could see she was embarrassed about
something, as a flush had colored her cheeks.

"No, no, sit down, Joan, sit down. You know me by now, we get along fine.
Think of me as a friend at the moment, not a boss. What's the matter?"

She hesitantly sat back down and crossed her legs. Her skirt rode up, and I
had a hard time taking my eyes off her thighs. I looked back up at her
face. She smiled like a schoolgirl and cleared her throat.

"Well, please don't think I'm silly or anything, but I think I have a
sexual problem."

I didn't say anything, just kept looking her in the eye.

"This weekend, I was out on a date with my boy-, um, should I say EX-
boyfriend -"

"I'm sorry to hear that"

"- oh, that's ok, he was a jerk anyway, I guess. Anyway, we went to dinner
and a movie afterwards, then we went back to his apartment and, well, you
know, we fooled around."

"Uh-huh."

"Well, he asked me if I'd,...well, do him with my mouth, you know, suck
him."  She blushed furiously. I just nodded , but felt a distinct
tightening in my crotch.

"I'd really never done that, believe it or not. I mean, I'm not a virgin or
anything, but I'd just never done that. I thought it was gross. But, he was
really insistent, and I was kinda tipsy I guess, so I put his thing in my
mouth - "

"His 'thing'  - you mean his penis?" I asked, trying desperately to keep my
voice from cracking. This was getting interesting.

She looked at me for a long second.  "Yes, his 'penis'. Well, he called it
his 'cock', of course. I put it in my mouth and started going up and down
on it, trying to make him feel good. I felt real funny doing it. I mean, it
was a totally new experience. His pe-, uh, cock, was real hard, but felt
warm and kinda nice. I don't know what I expected, but it was really
different, you know what I mean?"

"Not really, having never had a cock in my mouth, but I understand." I
grinned back at her. I think that might have broken the ice a bit.

"So anyway, he was pushing in and out of my mouth and it was getting all
slippery and everything, and he had his hands in my hair pushing me up and
down on his..cock, and then all of a sudden, he did it."

"Did what?" I knew, but I desperately wanted to hear her say it.

"He c-came in my mouth. All of a sudden there was this huge wet squirt in
my mouth. I didn't know what to do, so I swallowed real fast, and almost
choked. Then he did it again, and again. I think he did it four or five
times, I wasn't really counting. I swallowed almost all of it, but some of
it leaked out of my mouth."  Joan had started breathing hard now.

I gazed at her for a long moment. I don't know if she expected me to say
something or not.

"Then he got real quiet and didn't say a word. After about three minutes,
he said he thought I should go home. I didn't know what to do. I asked him
why, and he said he didn't want a...a cocksucker in his house. I got so mad
I threw a book at him, told him I never wanted to see him again, I called
him a shit, and went home."

"All the way home, I could taste his..stuff.. in the inside of my mouth. It
was salty but sweet, kinda, at the same time. Really slippery, too. When I
got home, I took my clothes off and went to bed, but I couldn't sleep. All
I could think about was what I'd just done. Finally, I just had to  "

I could tell she was embarrassed about this, so I tried to help her out.
"You masturbated?"

"Yes. I couldn't help it. I had a good orgasm, and then I was finally able
to get to sleep. What's wrong with me?" she wailed at the end.

"Joan, absolutely nothing. Your boy, er, ex-boyfriend is a jerk. He's a
boor and a clod and a shit, like you said."

She grinned back at me. "Don't forget, an asshole!"

"Yeah, an asshole." I chuckled.  "Honey,  most men would die for a woman as
lovely as you to give them oral sex. Believe me, he's missing a lot. Some
guys have this hang up, they want to get oral sex from a woman, but when
they do, they all of a sudden turn around and think the woman is some kind
of slut, and break up with them. That's just plain stupid, but then again,
a lot of guys, I'm sorry to say, are just plain stupid!"

"You don't think I'm a slut?"

"Hell no!" I almost shouted at her. "Joan, 'slut' is a term that men cooked
up to describe a woman who has sex with a lot of guys, or acts sexy a lot.
Know what they call a man who does the same thing?"

"Ummm, no."

"A stud. Right, a guy's a stud, but a woman's a slut. Believe me, I don't
go for that at all. I would never call any woman a slut. I think it's a
demeaning label, and I just won't do it. It doesn't make any sense at all.
I think women should have the same sexual freedom that men have had for
centuries. But you know, some guys just can't handle it. They want to be
able to stick their cocks, to put it bluntly, anywhere they want, but they
expect their woman to be a nun when he's not around. It's a holdover from
caveman days, that's all. And any guy who still acts that way hasn't
matured from a Neanderthal."

I stopped to take a breath. I think I scared her for a minute. But then I
could see she was getting it. It was true, actually. I wasn't bullshitting
her. I had always felt that those denigrating terms for sexually active
woman were invented by guys, guys who fucked around like maniacs when they
had the chance, but god forbid they ever found their girlfriends doing it.
It was a holdover from way back - in the "old days". In subsistence
societies, a male had to be sure who the father of the children in his
family was, because it was hard enough scrabbing together enough food for
himself and his mate. You didn't want to have to feed the kid of the
neighbor in the cave down the street. It was an anthropological necessity.
In those tribal societies, it was in the best interests of the tribe for a
male to be sure that his mate only had sex with him. It was OK for him to
have sex with more than one female (as long as he didn't get caught!), but
it was bad for his female to have sex with anyone else.

Nowadays, that way of thinking really doesn't pan out. What with birth
control, plentiful food and a general lack of the need to go whack a
dinosaur on the head for dinner, those mores are outdated. Unfortunately,
many men still feel that way.

(Sorry about that ramble there.  Kinda got off subject)

I told all this to Joan. I tried to let her know that I didn't have
diminished respect for her, or think less of her, because of what she just
told me. I'm sure it was a relevation. She was used to the jerk-off college
boys she knew, who got their ideas of behavior and attitude from beer
commercials and Beavis and Butthead.

"I'm glad you don't, you know, think I'm a sl-"

"Don't even say it. Don't even think it. Put that word right out of your
mind."

She was silent for a minute.

"There's just one thing." She continued. "Ever since then, I can't stop
thinking about how it felt when he came in my mouth and I swallowed it.
That's what I was thinking about when I went home and played with myself.
It was just so, I don't know, exciting, I guess. Something about it just
turned me on. And the fact that it turned me on made me even more excited!"

"There's nothing wrong with that. In fact, I find it kind of sexy too!" I
smiled at her.

"Mr. Porter?"

"Yes?"

"Please, please don't fire me, but would you like me to - or would you let
me, umm, do it for you? Suck your penis? Pleasepleaseplease don't fire me
or get upset....." She was sitting straight up in the chair now. I couldn't
believe how virginal this woman was.

"Joan, it would give me great pleasure to have you suck me." Boy, there was
a line it wasn't hard to get out. There was something, though, that was
hard to get out - my dick! I stood up and walked around in front of her.
She reached out and pulled my zipper down, looking up into my eyes the
whole time. She reached in and tried to pull my hard cock out, giggling at
the task. Finally it was all the way out, staring her right in the face.
She licked her lips involuntarily and then bent over and kissed the tip. I
damn near shot off right there.

"Do you want me to ejaculate in your mouth?"

"Yes, I do. I want it, I really do."  She bent to the task. Opening her
mouth, she slid her lips down over the crown and started sucking,
hesitantly at first, then getting better and better at it. I reached out
and put my hands on her head, gradually moving it back and forth over my
cock. I'm not one of those guys who claims to have a foot-long dick that's
six feet around or anything, I'm very average - about six inches long.
Within just a few minutes, she was getting nearly all of me into her mouth,
though. I thrust in and out several times, glorying in the marvelous
sensations of it. I don't know if it feels as good to a woman when someone
tongues them or licks their clitoris, as it does when a man gets a blow
job, but I hope so. I gently encouraged Joan to keep going, trying to let
her know how good it felt to have to do this to me, or for me.

"Oh, baby, that feels so good, keep it up, keep going. That feels great."
It did, too. Hell, here I was getting a great blow job from a beautiful
woman, and I didn't even have to pay for it! It didn't take long before I
could feel the pressure building up.

"Joan, I'm going to cum soon. Are you ready?"  She didn't even stop, she
just nodded her head up and down as best she could with my stalk in her
mouth. I gave her about thirty more seconds, then let fly.

The instant my first shot hit the back of her throat, she stopped sucking
and pulled back until just my head was in her mouth. I groaned with
pleasure and spurted half a dozen times more into her mouth. She swallowed
once as it built up, then let more of it gather in her warm mouth. Finally,
I had no more to give her. She looked up at me with love in her eyes, and
swallowed a second time. The feeling made my cock shiver and jump in her
mouth and her eyes sparkled. She slowly pulled off , her lips smacking as
they retreated from my shiny wet cockhead. A tiny pearl of my semen was at
the corner of her mouth.

"Oh god that felt good, Joan, that was marvelous." At this point, of
course, anything the guy says is usually pure babble. But I think it made
her feel good. She tugged at my cock a little more, trying to coax any more
semen from my testicles, but I was drained. She licked her lips again, and
swallowed once more. I was mesmerized. But I think I'd figured her out. Now
was the time to see if my feelings were correct.

"Now, isn't there something else you'd like to do, Joan? Wouldn't you like
to cum, too?" She nodded.  "Then please do. Would you like me to - "

"No, no. I have to do it. But you can...watch...if you want."

I stepped back and leaned against my desk, putting my dick away and zipping
up my pants. She reached down and pulled her skirt up, showing the
pantyhose and floral panties she had on. She squirmed around and managed to
pull the pantyhose down, and moved the crotch of her panties out of the
way. I watched as she fingered herself to what was evidently a very nice
orgasm, her eyes closed, shuddering at the feelings running through her.
She came for about thirty seconds, by my guess. When she finally stopped
gasping and shuddering, she opened her eyes and looked at me again, with a
mixture of gratitude and sexiness. Here was a woman then every man dreams
about, a woman who loves to give head, swallows, and then brings herself
off while you watched.  I silently thanked my lucky stars. But we weren't
done yet.

"Mr. Porter - "

"Joan, I think after what we've been through, you can call me 'Jack' when
we're in private like this, ok?"

"Oh,...ok, yeah, ok. Uh, Jack, could I ask you another question?"

"Fire away."

"Would you mind if I dressed a little sexier around the office here? I know
I'm supposed to be business like and all that, but I really feel good when
I wear sexy clothes, and was hoping you wouldn't mind too much if I did."

Wow. All I'd need now is someone to walk in with the keys to a Lamborghini
P400 Miura and all my fantasies would be complete.

"Joan, you may wear whatever you feel comfortable in the office. Frankly, I
wouldn't care if you came to work naked - " we both laughed at that -  "
but I think you might be a bit of a disruption on the bus in the morning!
But if you want my suggestions ...."

"Yes, yes, tell me. What do men find sexy? What do YOU find sexy?"

Here was my chance. Might as well go for it.

"Ok, if  you want me to tell you, here's what I'd like to see you in. First
off, no more pantyhose. Ever. I hate them."

"All  guys do."

"Whatever. Thigh-high stockings are very sexy, and a garter belt is nice,
but I understand they're not too comfortable all the time..."

"I've never worn one! Maybe I should get out and do some shopping this
weekend...."

I continued. "Yes, you might want to. Skirts should be short, above the
knee by at least three or four inches, if not more. You have beautiful
legs, and should be proud of them. Show them off.  What's really sexy is
being able to see just a bit of the top of a stocking when you sit down,
you know? That's really sexy! You'll have my clients coming back for more
and more! Also, I like silk blouses with a v-neck, you know, something that
shows off your breasts a bit too. Sweaters are nice, as long as they're
tight, right?"

I grinned at her. I think she was really getting into this.

"Oh, yeah, tight is right!" she smiled back.

"Of course, to complete the package, you should wear higher heels than what
you have on now." We both looked at her feet. She had black pumps, I guess
they were, with about a one inch heel. "They'll need to be higher than
that. Oh, and please - none of those clunkly looking Army boot shoes! Hell,
they look like something Gomer Pyle would wear."  She looked at me blankly.
Ah, the age difference.

"Anyway, three to five inch stiletto heels will do. If they're
uncomfortable, you can take them off  when you're behind your desk, but
other than that - "

"Oh, no, actually, for some reason, high heels don't hurt. I don't know
why, they just never have. I used to talk with my girlfriends at college,
how they always complained about having to wear heels and all, but they
never bothered me. Maybe I have the same kind of legs as Paula Abdul and
Tina Turner - made for high heels?"

"Could be, could be."  ( You know, that always did astound me - how women
like Abdul and Tina, apparently, could dance around in five inch heels as
easily as you or I walk across a level floor in sneakers. Reminds me of
that joke about how someone was commenting to Ginger Rogers one day about
how fine a dancer Fred Astaire was, in their movies together, and she
replied "Yes, he is, but I'd like to see him dance backwards, with a
floor-length gown and high heels on!" Meaning of course, that her abilities
were at least as remarkable.)

"Tell you what, Joan. I know you are just starting out, and I haven't been
able to give you a raise yet," (ignoring the double entendre' ) "but if
you'd like, I'll give you my credit card to Bullocks, and you can get
whatever you want there, within reason, this weekend. How's that sound?"

Joan squealed with delight, jumped up and hugged me. "Oh, Mr. Porter, that
would be great! I love to shop there, but I never have enough money for
really nice clothes! You'll see, I'll get the sexiest clothes I can find!"
She kissed me on the cheek. Now it was my turn to blush.

So I lent her my card, and that weekend she must have gone on some kind of
spree. I'm still paying it off!  But believe me, it was worth it, if the
clothes she wears are any indication. Have you noticed that on some people,
women specifically, the right kind of clothing makes them even more sexy
and attractive? Well, I don't know how she did it, but Joan turned into a
really sexy woman over the next few weeks. Of course the clothes helped,
and I think her attitude about herself and her attractiveness changed as
well.

The following Monday morning she was already in the office when I got
there. As I turned to hang up my coat on the rack, I heard her chair roll
back and she came out from behind her desk. I turned back, and whistled.

"You like?" she said, smiling.

I looked at her. She had on a fairly tight red leather skirt that only
reached halfway, if that, down her thighs, a white blouse with a deep
v-neck, pearls, and black high-heels with gold tips on the heels. She
turned, and I whistled again.

"Marvelous! Marvelous!" I gushed. "You look great, Joan!"

"Ooh,  ooh, look. Come over here. Watch this." She giggled, motioning me
around the side of her desk. She sat back down in her chair and crossed her
long legs. I watched entranced as her skirt rode up her thigh, and then
swallowed a gulp as a garter strap and stocking top came into view.

"You know, you're right - they do make me feel more sexy!" she said,
reaching down and snapping her strap. "I got a bunch of them - all types!
And stockings, and shoes and..oh, you'll just have to wait and see!"  She
was grinning like the cat that ate the canary.

"And now, I think I'll start paying you back for all the money I spent!"
she said. Pointing into my office, she followed me in and sat in the chair
she had been in the previous time.

"You don't have any appointments for half an hour. Fed Ex has been here and
gone, the recorder is on, and the sales reports for today are already done.
Now, come here." I grinned and walked up to her again.

In anticipation of this, I'd abstained from any type of sexual activity
over the weekend. I don't know if she's practiced or not in the intervening
days, but let me tell you, I was in heaven. I blew what felt like half a
quart of semen into her, and she swallowed every drop. When she was
finished, she leaned back, pulled her skirt up and masturbated herself to
what she described to me as a "fabulous" orgasm.

Thus began our rituals. This first part was only about the first two times.
She's been working for me, like I said, about three years now. I'll be
writing the rest of our story out as I get time. Since then, Joan's gotten
very interesting to be around. A thought I'm sure is shared by most of my
male clients! I'll tell you about that in upcoming chapters. In the mean
time, take care, be nice to people around you, and remember what I said.

                             The End (For Now?)



--
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....