
From ddail@efn.org Wed Jun 26 14:52:39 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
From: jmk202@world.std.com (A L Kolbe)
Subject: Re: Sweet Sucking Schoolgirl (Chap. 1)
Message-ID: <DtA56H.ApC@world.std.com>
Organization: The World Public Access UNIX, Brookline, MA
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.2 PL2]
References: <4q7n4i$t3c@news-e2d.gnn.com>
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 03:47:05 GMT
Lines: 193
Path: 128.230.2.153!newstand.syr.edu!news.corpcomm.net!maggie.ionsys.com!bofh.dot!newspeak.ultratech.net!worldlinx.com!torn!news.dal.ca!news.nstn.ca!ott.istar!istar.net!winternet.com!nntp.primenet.com!uunet!in1.uu.net!world!jmk202

TC (tomcat7@gnn.com) wrote:
: This story is not an endorsement of the sexual habits or practices
: contained.  If you are offended by graphic sexual descriptions or
: are under the age of 18, do not read further...






:                  SWEET SUCKING SCHOOLGIRL 

:                          CHAPTER 1



:    Little Kimmy Johnson heard the Thomases' car pull into the
: garage.  The eighth-grader had come to their house after school and
: had been babysitting for them while the couple went out to dinner. 
: She looked at the clock.  It was 10:15 PM, and the two children had
: been sleeping for over an hour already.
:    Mr. Thomas opened the door and walked into the living room.  He
: could see Kimmy look up over the top of her schoolbook at him as
: she reclined across the sofa.
:    Kimmy smiled.  She had a sweet smile, and her cute little
: dimpled cheeks and bright blue eyes made her very photogenic.  Her
: shoulder-length light brown hair was parted in the middle, curled
: under on the ends, with bangs ending just above her eyebrows.
:    Kimmy was dressed in her school uniform from St. Anthony's.  Mr.
: Thomas looked over her young, skinny schoolgirl body lustfully. 
: The frilly collar of her white long-sleeved blouse peeked out above
: a tight blue-and-white plaid vest.  The girl's breasts were quite
: small, barely noticeable at all through the vest.
:    Kimmy's skirt was blue-and-white plaid.  It was a little shorter
: than the women teachers at school liked, but it got her a lot of
: attention from the boys and the male teachers.  As Kimmy lied
: across the couch with her legs up and crossed, it pulled up even
: higher on her smooth, thin thighs, hemming out only a few inches
: from revealing her panties.
:    Her white knee socks were pulled up tight around her calves,
: just below her knobby schoolgirl knees, and blue-and-white saddle
: shoes completed the school uniform.
:    Mr. Thomas felt his cock twitch at the sight of sweet little
: Kimmy.  Mrs. Thomas joined him, and the couple thanked her for
: watching the kids for them.
:    "Honey, why don't you go up and relax?  I'll drive Kimmy home,"
: Mr. Thomas proposed.
:    "Sounds good to me.  I'm very tired," his wife replied.
:    Mrs. Thomas started up the stairs, while Kimmy gathered her
: school books and stood up to leave.  Mr. Thomas walked with Kimmy
: to the car and opened the door for her.
:    He got in, started the car, and pulled out of the garage.  It
: was about a fifteen-minute trip to Kimmy's house.
:    "Thank you for watching the kids, Kimmy," he told her.
:    "You're welcome sir," Kimmy answered.
:    Mustering up all his courage, he reached over and touched the
: pleats of her little skirt.
:    "I like your school uniform, Kimmy," he said.
:    Kimmy looked down at his hand, holding the hem of her skirt.
:    "Thanks," she replied.  "Some of my teachers think it's too
: short, though."
:    "Not at all!" he exclaimed, still caressing the fabric in his
: fingertips.
:    "They think it shows too much of my legs," Kimmy explained.
:    "Your legs are beautiful, Kimmy," Mr. Thomas responded, placing
: his right hand on her left thigh.
:    The man and the young girl both looked at each other.  Mr.
: Thomas smiled at Kimmy, and she returned the smile.  He ran his
: hand up and down her thigh slowly and softly.
:    "Mr. Thomas, I don't think we should be doing this," Kimmy said.
:    "It feels good to you, doesn't it?" he asked.
:    "Yes, but..."
:    "So why not?" he added.
:    Kimmy didn't say anything, so Mr. Thomas continued caressing the
: girl's thigh.  With each stroke, he slowly pushed her little skirt
: up higher and higher until his fingertips, on the inside of her
: thigh, found her white cotton panties.  He rubbed Kimmy's little
: cunny once through the soft material.
:    Kimmy squeezed her legs together, trapping Mr. Thomas' fingers
: there.  We wiggled his fingertips against where he guessed her clit
: would be.
:    "Sir, this isn't right," she chided him.
:    "Don't you like the way it feels?" he asked.
:    "Yeah, but you really..shouldn't..have..your..hand..there...".
:    Kimmy closed her eyes as she enjoyed the feeling.  She spread
: her schoolgirl legs wider than before.
:    Mr. Thomas fingered her tenderly through her panties.  Kimmy's
: juices were starting to flow, and soon her crotch was soaked.
:    "Oh...Mr. Thomas..." she murmured.
:    He smiled as he fingered the young girl while he drove.  Kimmy's
: clit was so tender, and the friction of her panties and his
: fingertips made her go numb with pleasure.  Soon, little Kimmy was
: breathing loudly, gasping for air.
:    "Oh, sir!  It's wonderful!  It feels so wonderful!" she groaned,
: her eyes squeezed shut.
:    Kimmy felt her young teenage body convulse and spasm with its
: first orgasm.  She felt an incredible tingle and surge of warmth
: come over her.
:    Mr. Thomas pulled his hand from Kimmy's crotch.  Kimmy pulled
: her little skirt back down into place.
:    "Thank you, sir.  I've never felt anything like that before,"
: she told him.
:    "You're welcome, Kimmy.  And now, there's something you can do
: for me," he added.
:    "What?" Kimmy asked, innocently.
:    Mr. Thomas reached down and unzipped his pants, then fished his
: half-swollen cock out into the dim light of the car.
:    "Mr. Thomas!" Kimmy exclaimed.
:    "It's okay, Kimmy," he assured her.
:    "What did you want me to do?" she asked, afraid.
:    "Just put your hand around it, Kimmy," he told her.
:    He gently took her wrist and pulled her hand over to him, until
: her fingertips were touching his prick.  Kimmy put her hand around
: it, softly.
:    "Like this?" she asked, shyly.
:    "Just like that, Kimmy," he answered.  He smiled at her, and she
: smiled back with her sweet dimples.
:    "Now, start stroking your hand back and forth on it," he
: instructed her.
:    Kimmy started a slow jerk on his cock.
:    "Like this?" she asked again, looking for approval.
:    "Yeah, cutie, just like that," he answered, looking for a place
: to pull over for a few minutes.
:    He finally spotted a parking lot with a single light pole.  Mr.
: Thomas pulled the car under the light and turned the ignition off.
:    In the quiet of the night and the dim light, he slid forward in
: the car seat as the young eighth-grade girl stroked his prick with
: her hand.
:    Kimmy kept up a good pace as she jacked him off, innocent of
: what she was doing.
:    "Does this feel good, sir?" she asked.
:    "Oh, yes, Kimmy."
:    "What will this make you do?" Kimmy asked.
:    "It's gonna make me cum, sweetheart."
:    "What do you mean?" she asked, innocently.
:    Mr. Thomas laughed.
:    "It's gonna make white cream squirt out of my dick," he told
: her.
:    "Really?" she responded, surprised.
:    "Yeah, Kimmy.  Would you like to see that?"
:    "Uh huh," she nodded, her hand caressing his warm, thick cock.
:    "It's so hard and long, sir," she murmured.
:    "That's because you make it that way, Kimmy."
:    Kimmy smiled at him, then looked back down in admiration at the
: thick cock-stalk in her young hand.
:    "Do it faster, Kimmy," he instructed.
:    The young girl picked up the pace.  Mr. Thomas panted as he sat
: there, geting closer and closer to his release.
:    "Are you gonna do it soon?" Kimmy asked.
:    "Oh yeah!  Faster, Kimmy!"
:    Kimmy's hand was almost a blur as she whacked away.  Suddenly,
: Mr. Thomas groaned loudly.  As Kimmy continued jerking, thick
: streams of jizz shot out and splattered on the steering wheel and
: dashboard.
:    "Ooh, Mr. Thomas, it's squirting that stuff!" she gasped.
:    Kimmy kept up her stroke, as more and more cum splattered all
: over the car.
:    "So much white stuff, sir!" she babbled.  "What is it?!"
:    "It's my cum, Kimmy.  It's all for you."
:    Finally, it slowed to a stop, trickling down over the young
: girl's hand, as she slowed her hand to a stop.
:    "Thank you, Kimmy," said Mr. Thomas.
:    Kimmy released her grip on him and pulled her sticky, cum-covered 
: hand away.
:    "Your cream is all over my hand, sir," she said.
:    Mr. Thomas laughed.
:    "Taste my cum, Kimmy," he encouraged.  "It'll taste good."
:    "Are you sure, Mr. Thomas?" she asked.
:    "Try it, sweetheart."
:    Kimmy pulled the hand close to her mouth as Mr. Thomas smiled. 
: She stuck her tongue out a little to get some from her fingers,
: then pulled away, embarrassed.
:    "I don't know, sir..."
:    "Try it.  Just once, Kimmy."
:    Kimmy put her hand to her mouth again, and licked a tiny bit of
: it.  She tasted it for a moment, then licked a little more off.
:    "What do you think, Kimmy?" he asked.  "Do you like the taste?"
:    Kimmy nodded and smiled sheepishly.
:    "Yes, sir, it tastes a little sweet."
:    Mr. Thomas smiled as he put his cock back in his pants and
: started the car again.
:    "Well then, Kimmy," he said.  "I'll squirt my cum in your mouth
: next time.  That way, we won't waste it."
:    "Okay, sir," Kimmy smiled.  "That would be fun.  I'd like to eat
: more of your cum."
:    Mr. Thomas patted her thigh with his hand.  Then, Kimmy helped
: him clean the gooey jizz from from his car, and the two started for
: her house.
:    And Mr. Thomas rubbed her little clit through her panties all
: the way home.




