Sex Between The Stacks

     I attend a small college in western Pennsylvania.  You've 
probably never heard of it.  As part of my student-work activities, 
I do odd jobs around campus.  Last Friday evening, I was in the 
school library, cleaning the stacks, and getting ready to close up. 
 Not that I would have anything to do Friday night anyway.  Since 
coming here I've been very lonely.  I 
miss the gay night scene in Pittsburgh, my home town.  The dance 
clubs, the bars, not to mention the booths at the video arcade!  
Not that I would call myself a slut, but I did get around.     
     And back home I was doing lousy in school.  Too many 
distractions.  So I decided to transfer to this little out of the 
way place nestled in the foothills of the Appalachians.  Oh, I've 
had plenty of time to study.  Too much, to my way 
of thinking.  The town is dry.  The students are straight as arrows.  
Boring hetero beer and chip parties in front of the TV watching 
hockey play-offs are the big thing around here.  No thanks.  My 
roommate is a dweeb.  He keeps telling me how he and his girlfriend 
are saving themselves for marriage.  Give me a break! I'm getting 
straight A's.  And my sex life has been a shambles.
     Until last Friday in the stacks...
     It was a little before 9 pm.  I had already locked the front 
door, and was getting ready to turn off the lights and leave, when 
I heard a sound in the corner.  I thought the place was empty.  
It's a rather small library, in fact, and just a cursory check is 
usually enough to make sure you're not locking anyone in. I looked 
around the corner and noticed this skinny kid huddled on the floor 
with a book in his hand, fast asleep!  Well, I thought, let the 
poor sucker sleep in the library overnight, what do I care.  
Besides, he looked like one of the local farm kids, dressed in worn 
jeans and work boots.  His parents probably sent him here so he 
could graduate with a degree in animal husbandry.
     Oh what the hell, I thought, I better wake him up.  It's not his 
fault he's a geek.  Actually, upon further inspection, he wasn't 
bad looking.  He was thin, but in a muscular sort of way.  You 
could tell he wasn't a stranger to work--his calloused hands 
clutched at his book like a small child holding onto a blanket.  
His knees poked through his torn jeans.  My displeasure with him 
had turned to pity and now the pity was dissolving into lust as I 
looked at his face and mouth.   His cheeks were ruddy and he had 
full moist lips.  Checking out the rest of his body, I could even 
detect what looked like a full basket in his pants.  I actually 
found myself getting hard looking down at this yokel.  Maybe I'd 
just been away from it all for too long, but damn if the sight of 
him sleeping there like a baby wasn't getting my rod to stand at 
attention.
     Oh, God, now I knew I was out of control.  I found myself 
unbuttoning my fly to give my prick some more room, rubbing myself 
as I watched this kid sleeping at my feet.  His nipples were full 
and erect beneath his T-shirt, and his arms were covered with downy 
light brown hair.  Oh fuck it, I said to myself, and pulled my cock 
out of my pants.
So what if he wakes up and sees me like this.  Who's he going to 
tell?  It's just his word against mine, and 
it's not like he's never seen a cock before.  Hell, he probably even 
fucked a goat or two in his day.
     In fact, I was hoping that he would wake up.  Just to see the 
shocked look on his face, just to watch him jump up and run like a 
scared little boy to the door, only to find it locked, and I could 
listen to him beg me to open the door to let him out.  Maybe I 
could even strike a deal with him-- sure, kid, I'll let you out, 
but you gotta do something for me first ...
     Just as I was immersing myself in my little fantasy, 
concentrating on stroking my dick and feeling the precum dripping 
on my fingers, I looked down to see that the kid was no longer 
asleep!  Not only that, but he was sitting there with a sly sleepy 
smile on his face, slowly rubbing his now obviously immense basket. 
 At first I was taken aback, and for a second my hand fell to my 
side and my erection began to fade.
     "Don't stop," his voice rose up lazily from the floor.  "You 
look nice."  With that he unzipped his fly and out sprung a massive 
9 inch prick from his pants.  His cock was not only long, it was 
thick, with a whitish-purple head that oozed so much pre-cum I 
thought he'd already shot his load.  I must have been standing 
there drooling at the sight of his hard on because he broadened his 
smile and said, "I bet I know how to make you happy," as he stroked 
the whole length of his massive prick which to my utter amazement 
now got even larger!  
     "Shit, yeah," I said, my voice actually trembling with 
anticipation.  He got up from the floor, grabbed my arm, and led me 
over to a small reading table between the book stacks.  The warm 
moistness of his hand 
clamped down on my arm and I knew then and there I would have to 
submit to him.  He stood behind me, reached around and unfastened 
the last few buttons of my fly, and gave my pants a sudden hard 
jerk down to my ankles.  Without even speaking a work, he pushed my 
face down against the table, spread my legs to expose my ass, and 
without warning, thrust his massive meat deep up into my asshole.  
     I let out a scream that I thought must have been heard through 
the whole campus!  The pain was excruciating.  It shot through my 
bowels like a dagger.  I thought I was being fucked by a horse 
cock.  And the kid didn't even let up for a second.  As soon as his 
cock was in me, he started pumping away like there was no tomorrow. 
 I found myself whimpering from the pain, and I could feel tears 
streaming down my cheeks.  He kept up a frantic pace that was 
tearing my guts apart.  For a second or two I even thought I was 
going to faint, but then I just decided to grit my teeth and go 
with the flow.
     It was hard to take at first.  His cock was so big and so thick 
that it  truly felt like it was splitting my ass open, but as I 
began to relax my ass muscles and his shaft was being lubricated 
with my ass juices, it became tolerable.  I let out a series of 
sighs.  I stopped crying. For the first time I noticed the feel of 
his balls slapping up against my ass cheeks every time he pushed in 
down to the base of his cock.  My ass was opening, taking it all, 
pulling him in as he pushed.
     I'd never before in my life had such a huge cock up my ass 
before.  With each thrust my ass grabbed and clung to his shaft 
like a glove, and each time he yanked his dick head out to my 
sphincter, it felt like he was pulling my ass inside out.  I 
imagined his cock spinning a web of precum up and down, in and out 
through my intestine.  My thoughts were now fully concentrated on 
the wonderful strength of his fucking, his thighs against mine, his 
arms wrapped around my waist, holding me, forcing me to take every 
last inch of his flesh.  His face was pressed tightly against my 
cheek.  I could feel his warm breath in perfect sync with his 
thrusts.  I felt like I belonged to him, that his flesh and my 
flesh were one and the same, and as he gave me a series of long 
deep pushes culminating in one last massive thrust into my ass, his 
hot spunk shot violently into my gut and his orgasm became my 
orgasm.  His lips shuddered against my ear and my entire body shook 
with the electricity of our combined sexual energy.
     He collapsed on top of me as I collapsed on the table.  After 
what seemed like an eternity, his cock slipped out of my ass and he 
got up and released me from his grip.  I stood slowly, my legs a 
bit wobbly, and noticed that the whole front of my body was smeared 
with cum.  I'd shot a massive load all over myself!
     We both dressed, and as I turned off the lights and fumbled for 
the key 
to let us out of the library, he touched me on the shoulder, smiled, 
and said, "See ya next Friday!" and bounded away.
     I still couldn't believe it.  A scrawny farm kid like that 
bringing me to heights of sexual ecstasy that I'd never experienced 
before.  The cool night air hit my face.  I was still covered with 
sweat.  I walked back to my dorm thinking that maybe this wouldn't 
be such a boring place to go to school after all.  Though I doubted 
after this night I would ever be able to finish the semester with a 
grade A average!
