
      Horse cock

Yesterday I was in L.A. just fucking around in the valley.  A friend of 
mine has a horse ranch in Chatsworth so I stay there when I'm down 
south.  He was cleaning up the stable with the help of his mexican ranch  
hand, Jesse.  Jesse had his shirt off displaying massive pecs and 
tatoos.  My friend, Chet, wasn't paying me no mind so I just wander over  
the stalls and checked out the horse meat.  One big stallion caught my 
eye and I started to stroke his side for a while, working my way toward 
his balls and cock.
As I got to his balls he grunted and snorted a bit but seemed to like it  
so I continued.  Finally, I had enough nerve to lap at his enormous 
balls with my tongue.  I was just going down for the cock when I noticed  
that Jesse was watching me and he was stroking his cheesy uncut meat and  
playing with his tit.  He told me to keep going and moved in closer to 
watch me.  The idea of putting on a show drove made me even hotter.  I 
stuck the tip of the horsecock in my mouth and Jesse came in closer.  He  
was stroking his meat just inches from my mouth.  I pulled the horse out  
and sucked on Jesse while he massaged the horse's balls and pulled back 
his foreskin.  I alternated from horse to Jesse ready to blow my own 
load in my jeans.
I began to suck the horse in earnest.  His cock was so enormous I could 
only get about half of it down my throat.  Suddenly, Jesse let go a 
stream of piss to my face which lubed the horsecock and flavored my 
mouth.  I took Jesse in my mouth while he stroked the horse into a 
frenzy.  Then Jesse turned around and bent over and I slammed my tongue 
into his hot mexican ass.  It tasted funky and I cleaned the clumps of 
shit off his puckered hole.  He turned around again just in time to 
shoot his load down my hungry mouth.  Just as he blew, it was the 
horse's turn to piss and covered us both with his hot juice.  I stuffed 
the horse cock back in my mouth and sucked for all I was worth until a 
got a taste of the massive load of hot, sticky, pungent horse cum.
Later, Jesse started to stuff horse shit up my ass and fuck me but I'll 
tell you about it tomorrow.

