
      The Horse and I:                                           
 
I have been spending some time on the ranch with a guy named Phil.  He 
was not into sex with the horses.  I have been going out in the 
afternoon while he goes down into town for supplies.  I usually go 
straight to the stables to suck horse cock.
Yesterday, there was no one around and I went to the 5th stall where 
there is a beautiful black stallion.  It is a huge horse and I was a 
little afraid but I rubbed its belly and he seemed to be gentle enough.   
I rubbed and fondled his enormous balls and lapped on them like candy.  
He snorted but seemed to be enjoying the attention.  I rubbed my head on  
his cock while I licked his balls.  Then, in a daring move, I started 
finger his asshole.  It was warm and clean.  So I stuck my tongue in his  
ass and rimmed the horse for a good fifteen minutes.  I had a raging 
hardon and so did the stallion.  I massaged his asshole with my hand and  
was able to fist fuck him.  That made me really hot so I stuck my 8" 
cock into the envelope of his ass and pumped for a while.  I didn't 
want to shoot without having a taste of the horse's load so after a 
while I knelt in front of his beautiful cock and took the head in my 
mouth.  It was funky and delicious and covered with horse cheese.  I 
sucked and lapped until the cock was slick and shiny.
As I was sucking I saw a pair of naked human legs standing behind the 
horse.  It was Phil!.  He was fucking the horse for all he was worth.  
He pulled his 11 inch uncut meat out and stuffed it into my mouth while 
he masturbated the stallion.  As I was sucking Phil off the horse shot 
his load all over my face and Phil's cock.  I suck and swallowed 
horseload and Phil blew a big wad down my throat.  Terrific.  Without 
touching my own meat a shot a bucket of juice on Phil's feet and licked 
it off.  I sucked a little more on the horse and Phil and I left for 
dinner.

----------to be continued-------------------------------------------
