Copyright © 1997, D. Abby.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.

























                                 Prologue

I'm twenty years old, six foot five, about two hundred pounds, and 
fairly good looking. I'm rather well hung now with a seven inch prick, 
and that's more to the point, I know how to use that prick.  In 
addition to my physical attributes I'm a straight 'A' student, and a 
all American junior college point guard. I've been offered scholarships 
to several ACC and Big East colleges but I haven't accepted them.  I 
intend to play basketball for my local college and live at home.  I 
enjoy the life I'm living now too much to want to change it.

Several of the cheer leaders have tried to get into my pants.  Some of 
them  have been pretty good lookers too.  I've brushed so many of them 
off that there have been rumors that I'm gay.  Nothing could be farther 
from the truth although I will admit I'm not adverse to boy-boy sex. My 
sisters started teaching me when I was very young.  That's why I keep 
brushing off the girls at school.  I get more than enough sex to 
satisfy me and I can get all the sex I want, any time I want it, right 
at home.  

I have three older sisters that are married now but live within walking 
distance of my home and a younger brother who is still living at home. 

                        - - - - - - - - - - - - 

I might as well set up our household.  At the time my mother and father 
worked.  I was left a daycare with, Alma, a friend of my mother's who 
lived down the street.  I didn't like staying at Alma's.  I didn't like 
her and I don't think she liked me. Mira would stop by on her way home 
from school and take me home.  The girls would look after me until mom 
and pop got home at about six o'clock. 

Mom and pop liked this arrangement because it meant they saved some 
money on daycare.  Mira liked it because she was paid a nominal amount 
to pick me up and look after me when school was over.  I liked it 
because I preferred being at home to being at Alma's house.

Alma was very strict.  She would sit me at a table with blocks or with 
crayons and paper and I had to stay there until she said it was all 
right to do something else.  She insisted that I lay down for a nap, 
once in the morning and once in the afternoon, whether I wanted to 
sleep or not.  Now I realize that she must have been conscious of what 
I was doing all the time, but at the time it seemed she paid no 
attention to me at all.

It was quite different at home.  We lived in a big house with five 
bedrooms and three baths.  One of the bathrooms was downstairs and that 
became convenient for me later on.  My three sisters and I each had a 
bedroom to ourselves.  I was sleeping in the converted nursery, which 
was small but adequate for my needs.

When it came to attention, Mira would be there if I needed her, 
although she didn't seem any more interested in me than Alma did.  
Heidi and Crista, however, almost always seemed willing to read to me 
or to play games with me.   They seemed to enjoy my company.

Even at the age of three they were teaching me simple card games and 
how to use the computer to get 'sing along' discs to play on the CD 
drive.  They were only eight and ten at the time and, when I look back 
on it, I don't know how they had the patience to put up with an active 
and sometimes demanding three year old. 

There was one other thing that made home better.  Alma didn't 
like to take me to the bathroom and made it very evident.  This 
made me hold off longer than I wanted sometimes.  

It was quite different at home.  Both Heidi and Crista were very 
willing to take me to the bathroom.  I never did connect it to 
what Mira was doing with me when she bathed me.  If I had I might 
have expanded my sex life then and there.  It's probably just as 
well I didn't, going back over the events.  The timing seems to 
have been pretty good.

Heidi or Crista would take me to the bathroom and seemed 
disappointed if I had to sit and make.  They took it well enough 
however and didn't complain when the had to wipe my behind like 
Alma did.

The both of them seemed very pleased when I had to pee.  They helped me 
take my penis (it was still my penis to them) out and hold it while I 
peed.  They told me they had to do this so I would pee into the toilet 
and not on the floor.  I told them that I never peed on Alma's floor 
and she didn't hold my penis, but that made no difference to my sisters 
they continued to hold my penis every time I had to pee.

In spite of the fact that I didn't realize that I was part of Heidi's 
and Crista's sex life, my own sex life was rather extensive for a three 
year old. 

                         - - - - - - - - - - - - 

My oldest sister, Mira, is twenty nine, and has been married for seven 
years.  She's the one that started me on sex.  I visit Mira once or 
twice a week when her husband isn't home.  I lap her cunt and she sucks 
my cock.  Mira doesn't like to suck cock but I have convinced her that 
I won't lap her cunt unless she does, and she sure likes to have her 
cunt lapped. She still rinses out her mouth every time she does it even 
though she keeps my prick in her mouth while I'm shooting off so that 
I'll lap her cunt.  I don't think she realizes everything else I have 
going for me.  I'm quite sure that all she ever does with her husband 
is use the missionary position.

Heidi, my next sister, is twenty seven.  She discovered what Mira and I 
were doing and she lost no time in joining in on the fun. I Learned to 
do a lot more things with Heidi than I ever learned with Mira. For a 
while I did things with both my sisters but never at the same time.

Crista is now twenty five years old, and I seduced her when I was about 
six years old.  It wasn't long before Crista, Heidi, and I were doing 
things together. We were still doing a threesome when Heidi had her 
first period and I learned about the birds and the bees.

That was when I became friends with Jimmy and that gave my sex life 
several more dimensions.  I met Becky and George, and had a boy suck my 
cock for the first time.  I also found out that two boys can have fun 
in the shower and three boys can have a lot of fun in bed together.

The next day was actually the first time I ever fucked any of my 
sisters.  Jimmy came home with me to meet my sisters the day after 
that.

It was just about then that my brother, Alex, was born and Heidi came 
with me to overnight at the Cohens.  Becky and George told us all about 
how they got Jimmy started when he was still in diapers.  That night we 
three boys had our usual fun while Heidi and Becky got together for the 
first time.  

It wasn't long before Heidi and I demonstrated to Crista what George 
and Becky had done with Jimmy.  After about a month, Jimmy joined us in 
our frolicking with Alex.  

Two years later Alex showed that he hadn't forgotten what we had taught 
him as an infant.  Alex proved that he liked all kinds of sex as much 
as the rest of us did. The next time Jimmy slept over Alex gave him a 
surprise.

Charlie sucked my cock on his first date with Heidi.  The next Friday 
he showed up with Shirley who became the love of my life.  We sixty-
nined and we fucked on that first date.

Jimmy met Shirley at one of his sleep overs. Charlie joined us later 
that afternoon and I passed on some of the tricks Charlie taught me on 
to Jimmy later that night. Alex got to eat his first load of cum at one 
of our afternoon orgies. 

About this time Crista met George and they hit it off right away.  They 
became a permanent pair, and were married about five years ago.

On the days I don't visit a sister I'm still not left high and dry. 
Alex is waiting for me and I go a couple of rounds with him.  He's 
thirteen now.  He has a four inch prick now and started to shoot off 
just over a year ago.  I know because I sucked that first load of cum 
out of his cock. 

On Friday evening Alex and I visit with Heidi and Charlie.  Since his 
parents died in an accident, his kid sister Shirley lives with them. 
Crista, George, and George's brother, Jimmy also show up at Heidi's.

On Saturday night the same group gathers at Crista's house and we have 
another evening of fun and frolic


                           Chapter - 1 - Mira
                   She's the one that started me on sex.  

My first real memory is getting a bath.  My sister Mira bathed me.  I 
must have been about three years old then so Mira, who is nine years 
older than me, was twelve.  I know I always enjoyed my bath and I know 
I was having fun.  My sister, Mira, always bathed me and she ran her 
soapy hands all over my body and I liked the feel.  She rubbed my penis 
and it got a little longer and it got hard.  I particularly liked when 
she rubbed my penis that way.

Mira soaped her fingers, took my penis between her thumb and forefinger 
and pumped along it from the root to the tip.  Looking back I'm certain 
that this couldn't have been the first time she'd done this to me 
because I wasn't surprised and I raised my hips so she could have 
better access.  I knew what she was doing and I wanted her to continue 
doing it.

Mira kept on pumping her fingers up and down my penis until my hips 
jerked and I got a real good feeling in my prick.  I didn't know what 
had happened but I knew that I liked it.  Mira pumped once or twice 
more then washed the soap off me and took me out of the bathtub.  She 
dried me and sat me on the toilet seat. 

I must have known what to expect next.  I certainly wasn't surprised 
when  Mira checked the door then pulled her jeans and panties down.  I 
knew that Mira didn't have a penis, she had a hole between her legs 
instead.  She took my hand and I knew to point with my index finger.  
She inserted my finger into her hole and pushed it in and out.

She let go of my hand and I continued to push my finger in and out of 
her hole.  Just as I had done in the bathtub she pushed her hips 
forward.  I pumped faster and Mira's hips jerked the same way mine had.  
I guessed that she had that same real good feeling.  I continued to 
pump my finger in and out of her hole until she pulled her hips back 
and pushed my hand away. 

I was young but I realized that pushing my finger in and out of her 
hole had something to do with her playing with my prick.  It was part 
of a bargain, if she played with my penis I pushed my finger in her 
hole.

I don't know how long this went on but it must have been at least a 
month or so.  Each night she soaped my penis and each night I pumped my 
finger in and out of her hole.  By that time I think I liked playing 
with her hole as much as I liked to have her play with my penis.

I do know that I would stand up in the bathtub, soap my penis till it 
got hard, and push it toward Mira so she would finish the job.  I also 
knew what to do when she pushed down her jeans and panties.  She didn't 
have to guide me any more,  I moved in on her and pushed my finger into 
her hole before she touched my hand.  We continued this for quite a 
while.  I know I didn't get tired of it and I'm sure Mira didn't. 

It got more so one evening a few weeks later.  One time there was too 
much friction when I ran my finger into Mira's hole. It seemed drier 
than it usually was and my finger wouldn't easily push in and out.  I 
stuck my finger in my mouth, wet it with spit, then it slid in and out 
real good. 

The next night Mira played with my penis the way she usually did then 
took me out of the tub as usual. I remembered how dry Mira's hole had 
been the night before so instead of sucking on my finger and wetting it 
with spit I leaned over and licked her hole.  That way it would be real 
slick.  Mira's hips jerked real hard so I licked her hole again because 
it obviously made Mira feel real good. 

Mira shuddered and held her hands on the back of my head.  I licked 
again and Mira rubbed her crotch against my face.  It seemed that this 
felt real good to Mira so I kept on licking Mira's hole until Mira 
sighed,  jerked her hips again, and pushed my head away.

After a bit she studied me and said some things I didn't understand at 
the time.  I don't think I'd ever heard the words before.

"Oh, wow!  You lapped my cunt.  That was awesome!  I'd like you have 
you do it again.  I didn't know that having you cunt lapped could feel 
so good.  I love you, Peter."

Mira stopped, took a deep breath, and looked at me in a funny way.  
"Gee, I hope you don't expect me to suck your cock just because you 
lapped my cunt.  No matter what you say I'm never going to take your 
prick in my mouth. You could never make me do anything as nasty as 
that.  I'd probably throw up."

I had never heard the words, cunt, cock and prick and I had no idea 
what they meant. It had been fun lapping Mira's cunt if that what 
licking her hole was and I wouldn't mind doing it again.  The thing is 
my sister had said too much.

Could a girl suck on my penis?  Was that what was meant by cock 
sucking? Having Mira suck my cock should feel a lot better than having 
her play with my penis.  From the way she acted when I lapped her cunt 
I wanted her to do that to me.

Even at three years old I wasn't stupid and I knew some things were 
called by more than one name.  By the next night I realized from the 
context that her hole must be her cunt and my penis was either my prick 
or my cock or maybe both.  

The evening bath started as usual and when Mira took me out of the tub 
and pushed down her pants I knew what I wanted to do.  I buried my face 
in her crotch and stuck my tongue into her hole.  Mira put her hands on 
the back of her my head and rubbed her cunt up and down just as she'd 
done the night before.  I lapped her cunt again.  Mira reacted just as 
violently as she had the night before and I enjoyed it just as much.  

I wanted to find out how much better having your cock sucked would 
feel.  I fondled my penis till it got hard, climbed up on the toilet 
seat, pushed my hips out, and looked at Mira.  I knew how to talk 
though I seldom did in those days.  Mira just looked at me.  This time 
I didn't know how to get what I wanted over with body language.  I was 
rather abrupt but those were the only words I knew.  "Suck my cock!"

Mira stepped back away from me, covered her mouth with her hand, and 
shook her head no.  

I wanted to find out what it felt like.  I pleaded, "Suck my cock, 
please."

Mira still refused to do it.  She dressed me in my pajamas and put me 
to bed.

The next night started as usual and Mira played with my penis, since I 
had learned the word I think I'll call it my prick from now on.  She 
pumped on it till my hips jerked and kept hold of it for a while.  She 
pumped her fingers on it and made my hips jerk a second time.

I got out of the bathtub, Mira checked the door, and lowered her pants.  
I moved in and pushed my finger into her hole.  If she wouldn't suck my 
cock I wasn't going to lap her cunt even though I liked to do it.

Mira put her hand behind my head and pulled it toward her cunt.  I 
squeezed my lips shut and shook my head no.  She rubbed her cunt on my 
face but I wouldn't part my lips even though I wanted to lap her cunt.  
Mira moved away from me.  

I could see that Mira was almost crying.  She barely whispered, "If I 
suck your cock will you lap my cunt?"

Mira had made my penis feel good two times already but I wasn't going 
to lap her cunt until she sucked my prick.  If she wanted I would be 
glad to push my finger in and out of her hole, but not lap her cunt.  I 
got up on the toilet seat, held my stiff prick between my thumb and 
forefinger, and thrust my hips forward.

Mira started toward me, shook her head and moved away again.  I just 
stood there holding my prick, I knew that Mira had a hard time making 
up her mind.  Mira came toward me again and leaned way over and licked 
the head of my prick.  Now I knew why she liked to have her cunt 
lapped.  It felt real neat, a lot better than her fingers.  She moved 
closer and licked a little harder.  I pushed my hips further forward 
and put my hands on the back of Mira's head.  I pushed the head of my 
prick between my sisters lips.  She parted her teeth and my cock slid 
all the way into her mouth.  

Wow!  did that feel good.  Mira just stood there with my inch and a 
half boner in her mouth.  I wiggled my hips and my prick rubbed across 
her tongue.  That felt better than her fingers ever did.  I wiggled my 
hips again and Mira evidently decided that having my prick in her mouth 
wasn't the end of the world.  She heaved another sigh and sucked.  
Another wiggle and she rubbed my prick with her tongue. 

This was the best feeling I'd ever had.  I pumped my hips and my prick 
slid in and out of my sisters mouth.  It wasn't long before my hips 
jerked and I had the good feeling again.  The best good feeling I'd 
ever had.

As soon as I let go of Mira's head she pulled away, let my prick slide 
out of her mouth, went to the sink, and rinsed her mouth.  She had 
really made me feel good, but it was obvious that she didn't like 
sucking on my penis.  I sat down on the toilet seat, pulled her hips 
toward me, and went to work on her cunt.  I wanted to make her feel 
just as good as she'd made me feel.  It wasn't long before her hips 
jerked and she shuddered.  

I looked at her and grinned this was a lot of fun.  Mira tried to pull 
my face back into her crotch.  I resisted, looked at her and stood back 
up on the toilet seat.  

Mira looked at me and this time she laughed, "Okay, I get the point, 
each time I suck your cock, you'll lap my cunt.  Is that right?"

I shook my head yes and Mira made a face, but she moved in on my crotch 
without as much hesitation this time.  She sucked my prick into her 
mouth and massaged it with her tongue.  That felt neat.  I held still 
for a moment and Mira bobbed her head and sucked as hard as she could.  
She was sucking my cock much better this time, maybe because she wasn't 
quite as scared of sucking cock now.  She sucked and my hips pumped 
until they jerked when I that good feeling again.  

As soon as my hips jerked Mira let my prick slide out of her mouth and 
went through the mouth rinsing routine again.  Her cunt didn't taste 
bad to me, but it was obvious that my penis tasted bad to her.  I 
wondered what made my penis taste so bad.

I wanted to pay her back for the good feelings she had given me.  Up 
till then I had sat on the toilet seat and Mira had stood in front of 
me, while I moved my face toward her hips.  The trouble was that her 
cunt was between her legs and wasn't easy to get to in this position.

I motioned for Mira to sit on the toilet and got on my knees in front 
of her. She pushed her hips forward and spread her legs.  This was the 
first time I'd had a good look at her cunt and I examined it closely.  
There was a slit that went from her ass crack almost to the front of 
her thighs.  With her thighs spread I could see into it.  There was 
another little hole down toward the bottom.  That must be where I'd 
been pushing my finger.  I pushed a finger in to try it out.

Mira immediately objected, "No.  Don't finger fuck me.  You promised to 
lap my cunt."

I had promised to lap her cunt but there was some interesting territory 
and I wanted to explore.  There was a little bump at the top of the 
hole and I rubbed that.  Mira shuddered.  She acted the way I did when 
she handled my prick.  It must be very sensitive.   I leaned forward 
and licked it.  Mira's hips jerked and she drew in a deep breath.  I 
was learning how to make her feel good.

I tried to push my tongue into the little hole but couldn't get very 
far.  It didn't matter, when my tongue massaged her there Mira really 
wiggled.  I licked along the whole length of the slit and massaged the 
top of the bump again.  Mira moved her hips farther forward and leaned 
back.  I licked around the small hole and massaged the lump with my 
tongue again. 

	Mira had her hands on my head again and she was panting.  She 
shuddered and moaned.  I kept on licking and massaging until she pushed 
my head away.  I pushed my finger into the little hole and wiggled it.  
That made Mira jump but she'd had enough for the night.  She pushed me 
away and put on her pants.

When  she was dressed she stood there and looked at me.  She shook her 
head and said, "I don't really like it but from now on I'll suck your 
cock for each time you lap my cunt."

I think that went on for almost a year.  Each night Mira would bath me.  
She'd take me out of the tub and suck my cock.  Then I'd lap her cunt.  
Most nights Mira would suck my cock again and I'd lap her cunt again.  
One time we did it four times and my groin ached but I would have done 
it again if Mira wanted.
	
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com


Be There.....