NOTICE --   the following contains suggestive, lewd, outrageous, filthy,
            embarassing, and downright PORNOGRAPHIC language.  There are
            scenes of single sex, couples sex, bisexual sex, trisexual sex,
            group sex, alien sex, mild incest, and even --- gasp!  HUMOR with
            NO sexual overtones!

            I don't want to read any damn messages about how you are outraged
            by this text, or how you find it disgusting, or how you are
            offended.

                         !!! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !!!

                     This story is copyright 1991 by JRDIV.
                      It was written by J, R, D, I, and V.
                      Copyright 1992 by FYDITM Productions

 -=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-=\-

        bah-bah-bahhhhh   bah bah-bah bah-bahhhh  bah-BAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

                       Star Trek:  The Next Fornication

    "Captain's Log, stardate 4569.69 -- Personal note:  There's nothing to
report really.  I just love saying '69' whenever I can."

    "The starship Enterprise (affectionately known as the 'Spreadlegs' to its
crew) is making its way through the dark void, penetrating farther than any
ship has before.  Exploring virgin territory excited the crew.  Tensions are
high, but the well-trained crew keeps gently massaging their consoles, coaxing
the fine-tuned instruments to do the job.  Nothing can be heard but the
pounding of their hearts, their breathing, and the throbbing and pulsing of
the massive column in central Engineering.

    The bridge crew were are at their positions.  Despite years of training
and experience, their eyes are nonetheless lust-filled inserting their ship
into this unexplored space.  There was some slight apprehension, but it soon
vanished, almost as the popping of a balloon as a confident voice spoke.  End
log."

    "Tit's about time for a scanner report," said William Riker, the hunky
first officer.

    "I agree, Number One," said Jean-Luc Picard, captain of the vessel.

    Balding, Picard was not quite as hunky as Riker, but he had more class.
Besides, rumour had it that if one were to drop the soap around Riker, it
would be better to leave it lay.  But actually he would fuck male and female
alike.  He and Deanna Troi once had a fling, but she dumped him for growing a
beard.

    "When you eat my cunt, I can't tell where I end and you begin," she had
offered as a reason, but now working so close to him had rekindled the flame.

    "Make it so, Mr. Worf," said Picard.

    "I'm sorry, sir.  A male Klingon does not sew.  Neither do we skip or
prance around.  I do not press flowers, though I occasionally wear women's
clothes.  But you must remember that the clothes of a Klingon female have huge
spikes.  In addition, certain other garments have devices of a rather personal
nature which just happen to be near the orifices of the body."

    "He meant," Riker said, "you fucking idiot, to do the scanner report.  SO,
not SEW!"

    Worf blushed (if it were possible for a Klingon) and made a thoroughly
probing scan of the dark area ahead, reporting negative.

    "Ensign Crusher, give us heading 324 point 7, mark 83.  Warp 6."

    "Twat's that you say?  I cunt hair you.  I have got an ear infucktion,
SIR!" the boy said, laughing and almost falling out of his chair onto his
cute, tight ass.

    "I'll paddle that cute, tight ass -- later, when it's quiet," Riker
thought to himseslf.

    Big-titted nympho Deanna Troi, an empathic half-Trapezoid, looked at Riker
with wide eyes.  Her feelings were suddenly distracted from the lust-filled
daydreams of Tasha Yar, and she turned her attention to her ex-lover as she
felt his thoughts of young male sex.

    Seeing that he had aroused Deanna, and thinking quickly, Riker said out
loud, "I'll paddle that cute, tight ass, Mr. Crusher -- later when it's
quiet."

    Rising and throwing out his chest and pelvic region, Wesley said, "SIR!
YES SIR!  VERY GOOD, SIR!"

    The whole bridge crew could see the bulge in Wesley's crotch.  Riker's
bisexual exploits were legendary -- the topic of discussion in Ten Forward.
Wesley, however, due to his inexperience, would poke his cock into anything
that was wet -- if he ever came across anything that was wet, and if it would
let him.  His previous experience had been limited to jacking off and fooling
around with a tent-mate on a holodeck camping trip.

    As his seams were on the point of ripping, Wesley could feel the eyes of
the female crewmembers zeroing in on his zipper.  Or where his zipper would be
if this wasn't the 24th century.  His hard-on pounded, saluting the gaze of
Deanna, Tasha, and even his red-headed mom.  He about passed out with the
thought of fucking any one of them.

    He had peeked on his mom fingering herself, but had done nothing more than
jack off while watching her.  Of course his mom didn't know, and she would be
embarassed to death if anyone found out that the upright Beverly Crusher
finger-fucked her cunt to relieve her sexual frustrations.

    How long had it been since she had even sucked a cock?  The last was a
"quickie" blow in Sickbay -- a triple-headed, 14-inch alien whanger.  She
would be mortified if she knew that her son had watched her relieve her sexual
tensions in her own bed.

    "Head for the showers at shift change, Ensign," said Picard, acting before
things got out of hand.

    "Ding-a-ling," said Riker, grinning broadly as the bridge crew convulsed
with laughter at the punchline to the centuries-old joke about the three
monks.

    But three of the crew weren't laughing with any conviction -- the three
horny women who would love to let a hard-on slide in and out of their steamy
cunts:  Tasha, Deanna, and an increasingly-horny Beverly, whose horniness was
so intense that the thought of ANY male erection aroused her.

    Straightening her uniform and breathing deeply, Beverly prepared to give
her medical report.  While Tasha could pick up any young stud on the ship and
Deanna could finger and dildo her cunt to the feelings of the fuck lust of
everyone on the ship at night, Beverly had to take sex where she could get it.
Or more accurately, where she couldn't get it.  For she hadn't had her brains
fucked out in years.  The last time was -- well, modesty forbids, but his
initials are JLP.  She wasn't even sure her pussy would lube up to a cock any
more.  The "where she could get it" most oftened turned out to be the fingers
of her right hand roaming around inside her panties.

    "Captain, I'm don't think we should be so COCKsure and STIFF as we RAM
into this sector.  Readings inDICKate there might be lifeforms aHEAD," the
doctor said.

    "Beverly, why don't you go to the holodeck and get laid before you
explode?" Picard said.

    Gulping and whimpering like Kirstie Alley, Beverly lowered her head in
embarassment.  She stood, straightened her jacket to cover the protruding
nipples of her braless tits, and headed for the turbolift.

    "Captain, you and mom are pretty close," Wesley said after she had gone.
"Maybe it's time for a little Dicky Dunkin'. . ."

    "Yes, Captain.  I can feel the lust and the distraction she is feeling in
her horniness," Deanna said.  "She is in definite need of a good porking."

    Little did they all know that he had spent several nights between the
lovely redhead's thighs at the Academy reunion, screwing her to screaming
orgasms, but that's another text file altogether.

    "Thank you all for your input, but I have a lover, and she's called
'Enterprise'," said the captain.

    Riker spoke up.

    "Sir, isn't that a line from 'Mudd's Women'?" he said, apparently
questioning the authority and judgment of a superior, just as he did every
week.

    "Commander, there are approximately 600,000 words in the English language,
and they can be used in only limited combinations.  In that limited list,
there are only a few combinations of words that will be appropriate for any
given situation.  Therefore, out of necessity, some combinations of words can
be expected to be repeated in similar situations, as the minds of humans tend
to work similarly, and they would react similarly in identical or similar
situations," said Data.

   "I didn't expect a sort of Altarian Inquisition!" Riker responded.

    The crew looked around sharply and expectantly for a few seconds, but
nothing happened.

    "Damn," said Lieutenant Michael Palin.

    Picard stood to go to his ready room.  He straightened his jacket.

    "Damn, I hate these things.  I'm glad we're getting new ones for the
next season," he said.

    "You're getting a new jacket?" Riker said.

    "And a captain's hat," Picard added.

    "WHERE IS MY FUCKING HAT AND JACKET?!?!?!?" Riker exclaimed.

    Suddenly a chime sounded: shift change.  The crew worked on staggered
shifts, so it was possible to work for three or four days before the same
roster worked together again.  This made for better training, as the crew
found the best attributes of the entire range of crew, rather than just
growing comfortable with a few people.

    Tasha, Wesley, and Data entered the lift.  After a few seconds, Wesley
noticed that Tasha had moved close to him and was pressing her cunt into his
thigh, rubbing her crotch up and down, breathing heavily in his ear.  His cock
rose to full length, straining the material of his slacks.

    "Stop," Tasha commanded the turbolift.

    Dropping to her knees, she faced Wesley and moved so that his zipper (or
where it would be, if this weren't the 24th century) was near the level of her
mouth.

    "Have you ever had a blowjob before, Wesley?" she asked.

    "Well, a friend and I went camping on the holodeck and we kind of felt
each other up and stuff.  It was fun, but we don't do it that much.  Of
course, we jack off all the time.  But I've never been sucked by a woman."

    "Query, Lieutenant Yar. . .blowjob?" said Data.

    Although he watched as Tasha pulled out the young cock and began sucking,
Data felt no arousal, for not only did another cock not turn him on, but
neither did a pussy.  He is an fucking android, for Pete's sake!

    "Accessing. . .blowjob.  Ah!  A term used to describe the oral stimulation
of the male sex organ, hopefully by a female.  Going down, swallowing the
salami, tube steak boogie, slurping the sausage, giving head, tooting the
flesh tuba, playing the skin flute, playing the furry harmonica. . ."

    "ENOUGH, Data," said Tasha between slurps of Wesley's cock.

    Wes couldn't believe his luck.  Here was that sexy Tasha (she of the tight
pants) going down on him.  Shit!  This was a million times better than jacking
off!  But it wasn't going to last too long, because Tasha had a very talented
mouth.

    "Ungggh, hunnnhhh," Wes grunted, squirting his load into a woman for the
first time.

    Tasha swallowed and stood up.  Wesley fixed his pants, then looked up at
Tasha.  She put her arms around his neck and French kissed him.  Although not
as good as the blowjob, her kissing was very arousing.  If he hadn't just cum,
he would be getting hard as a rock.

    "Continue," Tasha said to the turbolift.  "Wesley, not a word of this to
anyone -- if you ever want to do anything like it again.  Data, I want you to
forget this ever happened."

    Wesley grinned and nodded his head.  Data's eyes rolled around as he
erased the previous 5 minutes from his memory banks.  The turbolift halted and
the doors opened.  The three stepped out and went in different directions.

    Entering his room, Wesley got into his pajamas and lay down.  He couldn't
get his mind off the sight of Tasha's lips wrapped around his boner.  Suddenly
realizing his mom left the bridge before he had, he flipped on his viewscreen
and entered the password to activate the hidden camera in her quarters.

    She was there, and she had stripped down to her panties.  She had nice
tits (her whole body was slurpable), and fit nicely into her panties.  She sat
on the edge of the bed and began rubbing lotion on her arms.  Her huge tits
were full and swelling, and the nipples were stiff and erect.  After a while
she began massaging them and rubbing lotion on them as well.  She would rub
from underneath, then grab and pinch the nipples before releasing the tit to
let it drop back.

    This soon got her horny, and she began rubbing her pussy through her
panties.  She lay back on the bed and pulled her knees up so that her feet
were flat on the bed.  Then she spread her thighs as widely as she could and
began rubbing her pussy through her panties even more vigorously.

    Suddenly she said, "Oh, this is useless!"

    Expecting her to quit, Wes was pleasantly surprised to watch her pull her
panties down.  Although he had watched her finger-fuck before, he had never
seen her naked cunt before.  Her previous finger-fuck sessions were limited to
feeling down inside her panties.  Now here it was, wide open, hot and wet, and
surrounded by hot red hair!  What a hole it was, too!

    She gently inserted a finger into the hot hole and began slowly pumping it
in and out, and round and round.  Wesley's hand had found his hard cock and
was stroking it.  She was really going at it, but slow and deep, rather than
fast.  No wonder, Wes thought to himself.  She hadn't made herself cum in
almost three months and must be very horny.

    Beverly wasn't even fantasizing this time.  She was just enjoying the
explosions of pleasure emanating from her stiff, throbbing clit as she thumbed
it in time to her plunging fingers, slowly sliding in and out of her wet,
ignored pussy.

    "Ohhhh, sssssss, ahhhhhh," she moaned and groaned, as her mini-orgasms
exploded like Romulan photon torpedoes against an unshielded ship.

    If the small ones were this good, she couldn't wait for the big one to
hit.  But she didn't rush it.  She wanted this to last for hours and hours if
possible.  She could always grab a couple of hours in a sleep chamber, and
that would give her the effect of a full night's sleep.  Right now, taking
care of her pussy was more important.

    Wesley wasn't going to last as long as his mom.  From the comfort of his
room he pounded his boner as he watched his mom on the viewscreen.  His cock
surged and spurted just a couple of minutes after seeing his mom's panties
peel down and her cunt come into view.

    His cum shot up in the air, then splashed back down on him.  He pumped for
a few more seconds until he was drained and spent, then headed for the shower
to wash off.

    "Man, that was a good one!  That's the first time I've ever cum so good
twice that close together," he said to himself.

    He stepped into the shower and turned it to a steamy warm.  A nice cum
followed by a nice shower.  Well, two nice cums, actually.

    In her cabin, Beverly was still fingering.  Suddenly her intercom buzzed.

    "Shit!" she said, whipping her finger out of her cunt and sitting up on
the edge of the bed.  "Shit, shit, shit!  Fuck, piss, shit!  Fuck!  Piss!
Shit!  Fuck, fuck, fuck!  Piss, piss, piss!  Shit, shit, shit!  FUCK!"

    She brushed her hair from out of her face where it had whipped around and
pushed the button to answer the viewscreen.

    "Crusher here.  What is it now, someone with a hangnail?" she said
sarcastically, and somewhat out of breath.

    Despite the fingering, she hadn't yet had a good cum.  She was out of
breath and panting, and had almost reached the peak of a mind-blowing orgasm
when the intercom had buzzed.

    It was Ship's Counselor Deanna Troi.  Smiling smugly and knowingly, she
chuckled in a thick accent.

    "Why, Beverly, I hope I'm not interrupting anything, ahhhh, important,"
she said, her eyes locked on Beverly's magnificent breasts.

    Gritting her teeth with sexual unfulfillment and tilting the camera up,
Beverly responded, "What is it. . .Counselor?"

    "You are needed on the bridge, Doctor Beverly.  Mr. Worf cracked a joke,
only he didn't think it was a joke.  But everyone else did, and Mr. O'Brien
was laughing so hard he slapped Worf on the back and it broke his hand."

    "Tell Mr. O'Brien I'll meet him in Sickbay.  Crusher out."

    She slapped off the intercom and stormed out of her room towards Sickbay.
Her tits were rolling and bouncing when she realized that, in her anger, she
had forgotten to get dressed.  Her voluptuous naked body was greeted by a
whistle, but mostly by open-mouthed, lust-filled stares from both men and
women.

    "Just seeing if anyone is paying attention around this fucking place," she
said, whirling around and heading back into her cabin to get covered up, her
ass and tits jiggling invitingly.

    Back on the bridge, Chief O'Brien headed for Sickbay.  Troi was still
smiling smugly.  She had felt Beverly's sexual frustration, and she knew that
the good doctor was ready to drop trou for the first entity to look at her
twice.  Maybe she could be that entity.  After all, it had been almost 48
hours since she last had a good mouthful of pussy.  She glanced lovingly at
Tasha Yar's station.

    "Permission to leave the bridge, SAH!" Riker said to Picard.  "I have
some, ah, disciplinary actions to take."

    "Permission granted, Number One," Picard said.  "And speaking of Number
One, I have to go to the Little Captain's Room for a minute.  Lieutenant
LaForge, you have the bridge."

    "Aye, sir," LaForge said.

    Geordi LaForge was blind.  However, he wore a VISOR, which stands for
Visual Infrared Something Or otheR (VISOR).  Little did anyone suspect that it
also contained a wicked laser disintegrator ray to vaporize ignorant types who
couldn't spell "Geordi" -- spelling it Jordi or Gordy instead.  He always
thought it was simple:  like George, only with a "di" instead of a "ge".  How
many people would spell it Jorge or Gorge Washington?  Why were the idiots so
FUCKING STUPID that they couldn't spell "Geordi"?????  Geordi, Geordi, Geordi!

    "Okay, let's see what this baby can really do.  Helm, keep us going in our
current direction, but point us nose down."

    "Aye, sir," came the reply, and Geordi smiled to himself.

    "When the cat's away, the mice will play," he said with a grin.

    Back in Wesley's cabin, the boy was beginning to lather up and wash off
the cum.  He didn't hear the cabin door swish open and shut, nor did he see
the shadowy figure outside the shower cubicle.

    Commander Riker massaged his growing boner through his pants.  The young
ass was as tender as any he had ever seen, and he had poked his rod up many
tight buttholes on females and males.  Part of "Academy training and
initiation" he would tell them.

    He stripped and waited, his cock arching upwards, throbbing in horny
anticipation.  Wesley began soaping.  He soaped his arms and chest.  Then he
soaped his cock and reached around to soap his ass.  Then he reached down to
soap up his legs.  That was the moment Will had been waiting for, and he
entered the shower.

    "Surprise!" Riker said as he boned young Wesley up the ass.

    "Geez!  Hey!  Hey, fuck!  Ow!  What the fuck is going on?!?!" Wesley
yelled.

    "Just relax.  You'll get used to it and enjoy it!" Riker commanded.

    Because any movement was a bit painful, Wesley complied.  The huge cock
was going in and out, and he bent over to make entry easier.  But he was
beginning to enjoy the stimulation of the huge column of meat rubbing against
his prostate.

    "Unnggghhh!  Such a big cock!" Wesley grunted.

    "Yeah, it's 9 1/2 inches long.  Just bend over farther and I'll get deeper
penetration," Riker said.  "If you think that's big, you should see Picard's.
Of course he goes only for women, but if he ever changes his mind, don't let
him show you what he calls the 'Captain's Log'."

    "Ha ha ha ha ha ho ho ho ho ho he he he he he!  Captain's Log!  That's
pretty funny!  Not only are you a good fuck, but you have a sense of humor.  I
find that rare in a man," Wesley said.

    Grabbing Wesley's hips, Riker thrust hard and deep, squirting his cum up
Wesley's ass.

    "Arrrgghhhhh!" Riker grunted as he pushed in to the limit.

    After the cum subsided, Riker showered off and left Wesley collapsed on
the floor.  Wes's dick was hard again, but he was too exhausted to do anything
about it at the moment.  Slowly he got up and hobbled out of the shower.  He
put his pajamas back on and got into bed.  His dick was sticking up, and he
wished for Tasha or his friend to suck it, but he didn't want to cum too much
today.

    "I'll let it build up for a day or two, then get it sucked," he thought to
himself.  "But who will do it?"

                          - - - - - - - - - -

    Doctor Crusher and Chief O'Brien arrived at Sickbay at the same time.  She
told him to lay on the examination table so she could repair his hand.  He
complied, and she began to repair the bones using the ultrasonic bone-knitting
device.  What a mess his hand was, but it was easily repairable.

    Glancing over at the doctor, O'Brien noticed that her crotch was just
about eye level.  Quite convenient, he thought to himself.  As she moved, her
robe flashed open for just a moment and O'Brien caught a glimpse of her cunt
hair.  He moved his hand slightly so that it would pinch her robe against the
table.  Beverly moved just a bit, and her robe opened up, revealing her entire
pussy.

    O'Brien reached up and slowly stroked the slit with the finger of his good
hand.  Beverly jumped slightly, but concentrated on her work.  Her pussy was
juicing, and the chief's finger was now pumping in and out of her sopping
hole.

    "Unnnnggg, ahhhh, oh!  Chief O'Brien, you really shouldn't be doing that
to me. . ." she said.

    But he kept fingering her.  She liked the feeling, but she really wanted
him to stop.  She wanted it to be a long, slow orgasm, not a quickie on the
exam table.  Regretfully, she reached for the neural stimulator and held it
over O'Brien's crotch, which was now bulging with his hard-on.  She flipped
the switch.

    "Arrrgh!  What the fuck?!" he exclaimed as his load shot in his pants.

    "A handy modification of the neural stimulator, Chief," she said, grinning
widely.  "Quite handy for obstreperous or horny patients.  You may leave now.
Your hand is quite well."

    Clapping his hands and clenching his fist, O'Brien tested his hand.  Then,
suddenly, Beverly slapped the memory alteration unit on his head.

    "No need in him or anyone else knowing he fingered my cunt," she thought.

    In a second the incident was forgotten, and he left Sickbay, thanking the
doctor.  But he never did figure out why his shorts were full of cum.

    Beverly went back to her cabin.  The lights were out, and there was a soft
glow of distant starlight.  Beverly marveled at how the planets they visited
almost never seemed to have nearby stars from which to receive sunlight, but
they were generally warm and comfortable anyway.  Bazillions of stars in the
galaxy, and they always seemed to be distant points of light.  She dropped her
robe onto the back of a chair and walked over to the bed.

    "Hello, Beverly," a soft voice said.

    It was Deanna.

    "Hello, Deanna," Beverly replied, her voice dry and nervous.

    "Please, sit down.  I would like to talk to you."

    Deanna pulled the blanket down and sat cross-legged on the bed.  Although
the light was dim, there was still enough light for Beverly to see that Deanna
was naked.

    "What can I help you with?" Beverly asked.

    "I know what your problem is, honey," Deanna said, putting an arm around
Beverly's shoulder and cupping a breast.

    Beverly made no move to stop her.  She was horny, and this was totally
different from getting fucked by a man.  It was softer -- more erotic.  She
was receptive as Deanna kissed her, and their tongues battled.

    "Come here, sweetheart," Deanna said, pulling her down on the bed.

    The two women fell back on the bed, locked in an embrace, their pendulous
tits and nipples rubbing together.  Deanna's arms were locked around Beverly's
neck, and Beverly was cupping and massaging Deanna's tits.

    "Ummmmmmm, you've got a nice soft touch, Beverly."

    They reached down and began to feel each other's wet slit.  Moaning
lustfully into each other's open mouth, they kissed and fingered and squeezed
and felt.  Beverly hadn't fooled around with another female for 20 years --
back in the Academy on a girls' camping trip.

    The memories came flooding back to her.  Since it was an all-girl trip,
they had not taken as much care about covering their bodies.  After all, they
had often seen each other naked in the locker room.  The six of them had
shared one tent.  They piled their sleeping bags next to each other and slept
under blankets.

    One night was particularly warm, and they were all nude.  There was no
need to phaser-heat rocks for warmth.  One of the girls brought a selection of
sex toys, and showed the others how they worked.  In their excitement, the
girls not only used the toys, but used them on each other, in addition to
their fingers and mouths.

    Deanna flipped around so the two women were in the sixty-nine position, a
position Beverly liked quite a bit.  The memory of all those nights of steamy
lesbian slurping came flooding back to Beverly, and she turned to Deanna's
pussy, which was now hovering just inches above her face.  Deanna's tongue
worked at her clit, and her fingers were stretching and massaging Beverly's
sopping cunt hole.

    The two women began moaning, and Deanna reached over to flip on the sonic
dampeners so that the noise could not be heard outside the cabin.  Then she
resumed eating the doctor's pussy.  Beverly was slurping on Deanna's juices,
tonguing the counselor's clit.  As her tongue progressed, the slit opened up
into a beautiful set of pussy lips, and they were pulsing with excitement.

    "Mmmmmmm, the ecstacy!" Deanna moaned, pleasing Beverly, who thought she
was out of practice.  "Give me one of those two dildos underneath the pillow,
Beverly."

    Beverly handed one down to her waist, and felt it enter her pussy.  She
put the other one up Deanna's pussy and began pumping as she licked.  Then she
felt Deanna withdraw the dildo.  She started to register a complaint, but the
pussy-juice lubricated dildo gently entered her puckered asshole. She jumped
slightly, but was pleased with the feeling.

    "Oh, Beverly, do my ass, too!  DO MY ASS!!!!" Deanna was moaning loudly
into Beverly's wet cunt.

    Beverly removed the dildo from Deanna's pussy hole and slowly inserted it
up her asshole.  Instantly she remembered doing this on the camping trip.  In
fact, there was nothing the girls hadn't done.  They had fucked and sucked in
every combination and position.  The only thing they hadn't done was get male
cum inside them.

    But even after fucking cocks and loving the feeling of having her pussy
pounded and stretched, she thought there was nothing quite like the gentle
knowledge of a woman's touch on her cunt.

    "Ohhhh, Deanna, this is so nice!" Beverly said, pausing just a moment from
lapping Deanna's tasty pussy.

    "Yesssss!  YESSSSSS!  I can FEEL it!  Oh, I can feel our orgasms with
every fiber of my body!" Deanna said, moaning.

    Their orgasms washed over them like the wave front of a supernova, and
they arched and intertwined, lustfully giving and getting the most luxurious
feelings from their heads to their toes.  Beverly was enraptured with the
feelings in her pussy and asshole.  Deanna was cumming, too, but she was
enjoying the feelings from Beverly as well as her own cunt.  The ecstasy
peaked, and the two women collapsed, exhausted.

    Deanna moved back up, and the two naked women lay in each other's arms,
kissing each other on the lips, the face, the hair, the ears. . .

    "That was very, very nice, Deanna," Beverly said softly.  "I had forgotten
how enjoyable it could be with a woman."

    "You needed that to satisfy your mind," Deanna said.  "I have been worried
about you, Beverly.  Your increasing sexual tension was becoming obvious even
to those with no cognizance of the outside world, much less to to those like
me who are empathic."

    She kissed Beverly on the lips, then rose and got dressed.  Beverly
remained on the bed, now snuggled up under a blanket.

    "I wish you would stay, Deanna."

    "I wish I could to, dear sweet Beverly.  But it would be unseemly for me
to be caught leaving your cabin in the morning.  Don't worry. This is not a
one-time fling.  We shall fuck each other again.  And soon, my dear Beverly,
very soon.  Your pussy is the sweetest and juciest on the ship, and I relish
the idea of licking it again.  Please show it to me once more before I leave."

    Beverly switched on a low light and threw back the blanket.  She spread
her legs, then reached down to pull her pussy lips apart, revealing the
still-pulsing hole for Deanna.

    "Good night, Beverly," said Deanna, and she left.

    "Good night, Deanna."

    The door fwipped.  Beverly closed her legs, set the door lock, and turned
off the light.  Then she snuggled back down under the blanket and went to
sleep, more comfortable and rested than she had been in a long time.

    As Deanna entered the turbolift, she encountered Tasha.

    "Well, well?  What happened?  Did you fuck her?" Tasha asked.

    Deanna smiled broadly.

    "Yes.  She was more than receptive to my advances.  She enjoyed the
encounter very much.  I think we shall have no problems encouraging her to
join both of us the next time."

    "Mmmmmmmmm, sounds yummy," said Tasha, who spooned up behind Deanna, then
put her arms around Deanna's waist and kissed her cheek, turning Deanna around
to face her.

    The two women kissed deeply and quickly, for the turbolift was moving.

    "We must be careful, Tasha.  Even though no one cares about our sexual
practices, we must be careful not to display it openly.  It would still be
somewhat embarassing to be caught," Deanna said, completing the kiss.

    "Oh, don't worry too much.  I'm pretty careful.  In fact, right where
you're standing I sucked off Wesley, and that was less than two hours ago."

    Deanna's eyes widened, and she kissed Tasha again.  Running her hand up
and down Tasha's body, she got a quick feel of the security chief's body.

    "Mmmmm, oooooooooooooooooh, how could you still be horny?" Tasha asked.

    Deanna started to answer, but the hum of the turbolift died, and the doors
opened when it stopped.  Tasha left for her cabin, and Deanna commanded the
turbolift to go to the deck her cabin was on.  She was very tired, but almost
completely satisfied.  She had been somewhat surprised at the revelation of
Tasha blowing Wesley, but it excited her, too.  She felt amused knowing that
the lithe, blonde security chief would soon be fucking both the boy and his
mother.  Of course, Deanna herself realized that she would be doing the same
thing.  She had noticed the bulge in the boy's crotch, and pictured her lips
and cunt wrapped around his cock.  She smiled to herself.

    The turbolift doors swished open, and leaning against the opposite wall
was Commander Riker.

    "Just coincidence," Deanna thought, as she said, "Will, hello."

    "Hello, Deanna.  May I walk with you?"

    "If that's all you're going to do, you horny macho stud, you can just
forget it.  If you want to take me to my cabin and fuck my brains out, well,
that's a different matter."

    Riker grinned and offered his arm for Deanna.  Sometimes this meant that
Deanna had been fucked, but was not completely satisfied and wanted his 9«
inch throbber.  He was more than happy to give it to her in all her holes.
What really turned him on was the fact that Trapezoid women had five holes to
fuck instead of the three sported by human women.  They entered her cabin, and
Riker grinned and winked over his shoulder at a crewman who was staring at
them.  He returned the smile and gave a "thumbs up" sign.

                          - - - - - - - - - -

    Back on the bridge, Picard was staring intently at the viewscreen.  In
the center of it was a pulsing black hole.  Picard started to say something,
but realized only Geordi was left.  Everyone else had left at shift change.
How can you run a damn starship like that?

    "Well, Mr. LaForge.  What does your VISOR make of that?"

    "Looks kind of like Tasha Yar's pussy seen from six inches," Geordi said,
grinning from ear to ear.  "But actually, I wouldn't worry about it.  Wesley
was the last one at that position, and he left the viewscreen on Magnification
Ten Billion and Two.  What you are seeing is the view of a location that would
take us 40,000 years to get to -- at Warp 3,956."

    "Well, suffice it to say we won't be going there," Picard replied.

    He was amazed at the clarity and detail they were seeing, even though the
object was incredibly -- INCREDIBLY -- distant (I mean _INCREDIBLY_), and they
often had trouble using the viewscreen to see objects just a few thousand feet
away.  Then Picard remembered Murphy's First Law of Dramatic Tension:  "The
equipment on board a starship works in a direct proportional ratio to the
amount of danger or whether Kirk is about to be swallowed by the giant space
amoeba."

    "Now if you want to get close to a hole, I believe Tasha is in her cabin
right about now," Geordi said, grinning.

    "Thank you.  I think I may just take her up on your offer," Picard said,
entering the turbolift.

    Already he was aroused, and his huge porkstick pushed out his trousers and
was nearly caught in the closing doors.  Yes, Tasha and Picard were destined
to "meat" again that evening.  Her cunt, mouth, and asshole were familar and
well-stretched by his cock, and they would eagerly open up for his invading
fuckstick once again.

    "Come in, Jean-Luc," she said, after he buzzed her door.  "Come on in and
give me that throbbing thing up my ass," she said after he had entered and the
doors were closed behind him.

    She was on her hands and knees, looking back at him.  Her naked ass was
waving in the air, and her hand was suggestively moving up and down the crack,
teasing her butthole and greasing it up.  The other hand was gently massaging
her pussy.

    Picard stripped, greased up his cock, and mounted her, pushing his hard-on
full-length into her tight asshole.  She groaned with pleasure as the 14"
column of flesh plunged balls-deep in her ass.  How she loved butt-fucking!
Shit, she just loved fucking, no matter where it was.

    Picard was pumping his boner into Tasha's receptive ass with abandon.  The
tightness of her hole was stimulating, and she made the sexiest grunts and
groans as his dick was either all the way in or all the way out.  As it was
sliding, she moaned or wailed in ecstasy.  She sounded like a rusty see-saw.

    "Ohhhh, fuck my ass, fuck my ass!  I need your cock up my ass and pussy,
Jean-Luc!" she screamed.

    And Picard was more than happy to give her what she wanted.  Being a prim,
proper ship's captain was fine most of the time, but when someone who looked
as good in tight pants as Tasha did walked by, his all-too-human emotions and
reactions took over.

    He began pumping harder and faster.  Despite the huge size of his cock,
Tasha's tiny, tight ass handled him quite easily.  She was furiously fingering
her pussy, and they both attempted to reach their orgasms together.  Most
women wewre not able to swallow his cock or take it up their pussy, but here
was someone who could even take it up her smaller ass as well as her pussy.
And when she sucked him, she could take about 8 inches down, so he wasn't
complaining.

    "Arrrrrrgh!" he roared, feeling his jism squirting up her ass.

    "Hunnnnhhhhhhh!" she moaned, feeling the cum and cock squirting and
pistoning in her ass as her fingers brought her sopping pussy to orgasm.

    Tasha enjoyed sex.  Her home planet was overrun with rape gangs, and after
that experience she felt she would never enjoy a cock again.  Her sex life was
made up of at least half women, but she discovered that when she could say
when and where to having a cock in her that she loved it.  She had all but
forgotten the forced sex, and enjoyed fucking to the utmost.  When sex was
desired, it was exhilarating for her.

    Picard's cock was still hard, and it was still in her ass.  Tasha had
collapsed on the bed, and Picard was on top of her.  Both were breathing hard,
panting, and wheezing from the exertion.  Picard rolled off, pulling his cock
from her ass with a soft plop.  Tasha sat up on the edge of the bed.

    "How about a shower, Jean-Luc?" she said coyly.

    "Now that sounds like a first rate idea, Lieutenant," he said, smiling at
her.

    Picard and Tasha entered the shower and set the water flow to a comfortable
warmth.  They soaped, scrubbed, and rinsed each other.  In their excitement,
Tasha raised one foot up on a raised ledge, giving Picard's cock access to her
cunt from behind.  He was up to the challenge and speared her pussy on his
erection.

    This time he didn't fuck her, but remained still.  She contracted and
relaxed her cunt muscles around his cock as she fingered her clit.  Tasha was
a wild fuck, and could make the fuck session last for hours -- or make
everyone involved cum in just a couple of minutes.

    "Ohhh, my cunt feels so stretched and full, Jean-Luc," she said.

    "Yes, Natasha.  Your cunt is as deep as I've ever seen, yet it is so
tight, hot, and wet," Picard replied.

    "Ooooooh, you get me off even when you don't move your dick," she hissed,
nuzzling his ear over her shoulder.  "I can hardly stand it when you pump it
in and out."

    She squeezed and released, squeezed and released.  His cock felt like a
Theresian exercise club when it was shoved inside her.  Actually that was not
quite true, because his cock was considerably larger than a Theresian exercise
club.  But she and Deanna had fucked each other several times with Theresian
exercise clubs, and that was the nearest comparison she could make.

    The thought of Deanna's body tangled with hers combined with the animal
heat of Picard behind her caused flashes of orgasm to shoot through her body.
Vaguely she was aware of Picard dumping his load into her pussy.  The sheer
heat inside her body combined with the hot water striking her naked body took
her over the top.

    "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" she screamed, squeezing her
eyes shut and stiffening in pleasure.

    Picard's cock shot a last squirt, then he was spent.  He gently pulled it
out of Tasha and let her down.  She was so weak she couldn't stand, and slid
down to the floor, her ass plopping on the shower floor.

    "Oh, Jean-Luc, that was marvelous," she said, smiling up at him.

    "Correct, Lieutenant.  I also enjoyed it very much.  I hate to run -- oh,
how I do hate to run -- but duty calls."

    He dressed and left as Tasha finished showering.  She put on a t-shirt and
climbed in bed, dropping off to sleep almost immediately.  Her sleep was
pleasant, unmarred by the nightmares of her home planet.  She felt safe and
satisfied here.

                          - - - - - - - - - -

    Back in Deanna's cabin, she and Riker were relaxing after a thorough
pussy-pounding.  She felt like she had a gallon of cum up her hole.  It wasn't
a very good orgasm, though.  She couldn't compare it to the one she had
received with Beverly, because they were different somehow.  She enjoyed them
both.  She loved having a cock plunging in and out of her pussy, but there was
nothing like the gentle touch of a woman, particularly one as sensual as
Beverly Crusher.

    She snuggled with Will for a few minutes, then he got up to leave.  When
she got up from Beverly's bed, she was genuinely disappointed to leave the
warmth of Beverly's arms.  She had somewhat the same feeling after fucking a
man, but the regret wasn't quite the same.  She enjoyed holding and being held
by a strong man and waking up next to him, but she truly regretted leaving the
sexual company of a woman.  He walked through the door, which swished open for
him.

    "Just coincidence," she thought.

    She was exhausted.  Will was good for that filled feeling, and she enjoyed
spreading wide for him.  She also looked forward to another visit to Tasha's
cabin.  Maybe the two of them would drop in on Beverly just when she needed
it.  She would enjoy that, she decided.

    But she needed something else.  Her mind flashed back to the bridge and
Wesley's hard-on.  Her thoughts jelled and she made her plans.  She went to
her closet and slipped on a see-through lace outfit and noticed in the mirror
that her cunt hair and tits were easily visible.  Then she slipped into a robe
and left the cabin.

    Just down the corridor was Wesley's cabin.  She had used command voice
override to enter his mother's cabin, but since Wesley was already in his
cabin, she activated the visitor notifier.

    "Come," said Wesley's voice from inside.

    "If you only knew," Deanna thought to herself as the doors fwipped open
and she entered.

    "Oh, hello, Counselor Troi," Wesley said, rising to his feet.  "How may I
help you?"

    "It concerns your mother, Wes.  I don't know if you've noticed or not, but
she has really been on edge lately," Deanna replied, sitting in a chair as Wes
sat on the edge of his bed.

    "Yeah, I don't know what the problem is," Wes said, shaking his head.

    "Little liar," Deanna thought, but saying, "Perhaps we can find out."

    Wes sat staring out the porthole, then glanced over at Deanna.  Her robe
was open slightly, and he saw the gentle bulge of one of her tits. It wasn't
blatant, so he didn't think anything about it.  Suddenly, Deanna leaned
forward and patted him on the leg.

    "I'm sure it's nothing serious, Wes.  Has she told you anything?"

    She sat back and the robe opened a bit more.  This time Wes was treated to
a view of her full cleavage.  Wes was somewhat distracted by this and had a
hard time concentrating on what Deanna was saying.

    "N-n-no, she hasn't said anything.  Sometimes her temper is a bit short,
but she hasn't mentioned anything that might be bothering her."

    Deanna stood to look out the porthole.  They were quiet for a moment.  She
turned to face him and he saw that the robe had drifted open a bit more.  He
saw the top of her pubic region and got a flash of hair.  His eyes widened and
his dick began hardening.

    "Wes!" Deanna exclaimed.  "You should know that you can't hide feelings
like that from me. . ."

    "It's just that. . .I mean. . .well. . ." he stammered.

    Deanna sighed and dropped the robe.  She was naked except for a very
see-through outfit, and Wes was seeing everything.  His dick was tenting the
crotch of his pajamas, and he adjusted it for comfort.  She sat on the edge of
the bed next to him and kissed him deeply.  She placed his hand on her tit and
he began squeezing and kneading it.

    They became blind with lust.  She reached into his pajamas and pulled out
his cock.  He moaned, even though his mouth was filled with tit.  She pushed
him back on the bed, stripped off the outfit, and straddled his waist.
Raising up, she positioned his cock at the opening of her cunt.  Then she
lowered her ass down, letting the young boner slide up her wet tunnel.

    She threw her head back and wailed as she fingered her clit and felt the
young stiff boner in her pussy.  She was just seconds from an orgasm and
needed another fuck in the worst way.  Riker's cock was great, but he had cum
too soon, almost as if he had fucked someone just a few minutes before
plunging into her.  She had no idea that the "someone" was Wesley's ass.  So
much for her fucking Trapezoid intuition. . .

    Wes looked up at her in awe.  Her pussy was wrapped around his dick, and
it was miles beyond the feeling he got from Tasha's blowjob, and he thought
that the blowjob was as good as it could get.  He thought Deanna looked very
excited, because her nipples were stiff.  He reached up and tweaked them, and
Deanna yelped in pleasure.  Wes had just about brought her off when he pinched
the nipples of the horny woman's heaving tits.

    His cock surged into her cunt and he began squirting.  Deanna sensed it
and tightened her cunt muscles.  She massaged his dick with her pussy, coaxing
load after load of cum from his balls.  They both came for several minutes,
then Deanna gently lay down next to him and kissed him.  She was impressed and
surprised that they both reached an orgasm so quickly.

    "That was very nice, Wesley," she said.

    "Thanks, but it was my first time.  I don't really know what I'm doing."

    "I'm sure you'll learn.  And I know just who you should practice with --
someone who would enjoy fucking you. . ."

    Wesley looked at her anxiously and with great interest.  He imagined that
she would be the volunteer to train him.  Or Tasha.

    "Your mother."

    "Mom?!" Wes gulped.

    "Yes.  Beverly is a very horny woman, but she is afraid of men.  You could
be the man to dissolve her male-oriented anxiety."

    "But fucking my own mom!  I mean. . ." he protested.

    "I don't think you're as opposed to the idea as you would have me
believe."

    She grinned and pointed to his crotch.  His hard-on was raging at the
thought of slipping up his mother's hot red-haired pussy.  He blushed and
tried to hide his boner.

    "You shouldn't be ashamed of your prick, Wesley.  And you shouldn't be
afraid of reacting that way toward sticking it into your mother.  There are
many species which reproduce by fucking related beings."

    "Yes, but they're not humanoid," Wes protested.

    His protests weren't vigorous, and they soon died down as Deanna slid down
and engulfed his boner in her moist mouth.  Her talented lips worked wonders
on his sore, throbbing penis.

    "Two blowjobs, a fuck, and an assfuck in one evening.  And I jacked off
twice, too," he muttered.

    "Mmmmmmmm, you jacked off?  But Wesley!" she said, reading his thoughts.
"You were spying on your mother while she was naked!  You jacked off over her
body!"

    "I guess you're right.  It gives me something to think about, anyway,"
he said.

    "And here's something else to think about," Deanna said as she swallowed
his dick.

    She was soon rewarded with a spurt of warm, sticky cum.  It flooded her
mouth, and she was surprised at the amount, considering how many times his
balls had erupted already that evening.  She swallowed and licked her lips.
She stood, donned her lace outfit, then slipped into the robe.  She tied the
sash and headed for the door, but first she paused and rubbed her fingers
through Wes's hair.

    "That was very nice, Wesley.  I hope we get the chance to do it again.
Tasha told me what she did in the turbolift, and I think you would really
enjoy the attention of two women at once.  Tasha and I enjoy pleasing each
other."

    Wes blushed, mainly with pride, but also with embarassment at finding out
the lesbian relationship between Deanna and Tasha and that Tasha had mentioned
to Deanna that she had blown him in the turbolift.  But it was exciting
thinking about being close up to two women who were licking each other.  If
Deanna was serious about the offer, he might even get to fuck both of them.

    He liked Deanna's humid pussy, and he closed his eyes, fantasizing about
Tasha's cunt.  He wondered if it was loose and hairy or tight with little or
no hair.  He never suspected that Deanna had already fucked his mother, and she
wasn't going to mention it. . .just yet.

    Then his thoughts went back to his mom's cunt.  Now that he had fucked a
pussy, he could fantasize about it easier, and he imagined his mom's cunt
sucking on his boner, taking him all the way in as she spread her thighs wide,
urging him to fuck her hard.  He found his hand stroking his boner again, and
speeded up.  Seconds later, with the thought of Beverly's pussy filling his
mind, he squirted and squirted.  He couldn't possibly imagine that his balls
would have this much cum in them after shooting so much this evening.  But
finally his hand dropped to his side and he fell asleep, exhausted.

                          - - - - - - - - - -

    The following shift, Beverly entered the turbolift.  Tasha and Deanna were
already on it.  Beverly avoided their eyes.  She wasn't exactly ashamed of the
lesbian fuck she and Deanna had the night before, but she didn't want to bring
it up, either.  The door opened onto the bridge and as she exited with the two
women, Beverly could have sworn one of them pinched her ass lightly.  She
blushed and moved to her station.

    "Chief Medical Officer's report, captain," Beverly said, presenting
herself to Picard.

    "Proceed, doctor," he replied.

    "I repaired damage to Chief O'Brien's hand.  That was the only incident
which was reported to Sickbay."

    "But it wasn't the only thing fixed," Deanna thought to herself.  "We took
care of your horny pussy as well."

    The turbolift doors swished open, and Riker sashayed onto the bridge.

    "Just coincidence," thought the entire bridge crew in the same instant.

    Seconds later the doors fwipped open, disgorging Worf, Wesley, and Geordi.

    They all took their positions, and the previous shift left.  Picard looked
over some reports, and the other members reviewed the reports for their
stations.  Wesley turned and smiled at Deanna and his mother.  Deanna winked at
him, but Beverly just gave him a motherly smile.  She was aware that he was
interested in the female form, but didn't realize that he had fucked the sexy
woman sitting next to her.

    Wes was glad for the console which covered his lap.  From out of the
corner of his eye he could see Deanna sitting.  She was wearing slacks, but
her legs were suggestively spread, and she was secretly rubbing her pussy,
though she was positioned so that he was the only one who could see her.

    Wes wasn't the only one receiving this type of overt sexual action.
Beverly kept glancing at Tasha, and the blonde would make kissy lips and
suggestive tongue gestures.  It was turning Beverly on, but she didn't want to
admit it, even to herself.

    "Report, Number One," Picard said.

    "Supernova in sector 186, quadrant two; black hole in sector 1035-A,
quadrant two.  Romulan weapons test on Romulan side of the neutral zone,
sector 4, quadrant 3."

    "I meant the other Number One, MRS. RODDENBERRY," Picard snorted at the
computer.  "You haven't been Number One for many years."

    "Sorry," clicked the computer.

    "Now, report. . .Number One."

    "Supernova in sector 186, quadrant two; black hole in sector 1035-A,
quadrant two.  Romulan weapons test on Romulan side of the neutral zone,
sector 4, quadrant 3."

    "Sigh," Picard sighed.

    "You see what happens when you fuck a Vulcan, sir," LaForge quipped.

    "Who was the brain that gave our computer HER voice?" Worf snorted.

    "Shall I set auto-destruct, sir?" asked Yar, eager to destroy something.

    "If you want to blow up something, come blow THIS," Wesley muttered under
his breath and chuckled at his own joke until he saw his mother glaring at
him.

    They continued on course.  It was a dark and stormy night.  A planet
appeared on the screen.  The lights went out.  A woman screamed.  A dog sat on
top of a doghouse, typing on a typewriter and producing a terrible screenplay.

    "What the damn fucking shit hell was that?" cursed Riker gratuitously.

    "ACTING!" said Q, appearing in a flash, dressed as Jon Lovitz.

    "Oh, no.  Not you, Q," said Picard with a sigh.

    "Oh yes, Jean-Luc!  It is I!" remarked Q with a flourish.

    "Q, get off my bridge.  We're very busy," Picard replied.

    "Doing what?"

    Silence.

    "Well, Jean-Luc?"

    More silence.

    "Oh, come now, Jean-Luc.  You're not even on a mission.  Surely it is time
for some levity to break the tedium.  Oh, I know. . ." Q said, waving his
hand.

    And the clothes came off Deanna, Tasha, and Beverly.  Everyone was
shocked, but a massive ripping sound was heard as 18 boners ripped through
restraining Velcro in one simultaneous salute to the lovely women.  Hurriedly,
but not panicking, the women covered their tits and pussies with their arms
and backed toward the turbolift.

    "Oh, tut-tut, ladies," Q said as the turbolift doors fwipped open.  "Can't
we have a little fun?"

    "Q!" Picard said.

    "Oh, very well, Jean Luc," Q muttered, and waved his hand.

    Instantly the three women were back in their uniforms.  Almost.  As they
walked back to their positions, it became clear that the seat was cut out of
their pants, revealing three lovely asses.  Throats were dry, and eyes were
staring and glazed at the beautiful cheeks protruding from the pants.

    "Q!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Picard roared, as the women felt the breeze, the
gazes, and heard the snickers and low whistles.

    Quickly the women started to cover up, but the tricky Q flashed them into
new pants.  They blushed deeply, but wouldn't give Q the satisfaction of
letting their anger at him boil over.

    "Pants back in a flash for the flashers," Q grinned.  "Nice asses,
ladies!"

    "Speaking of asses, up yours," Tasha said in a low voice.

    "Tut-tut, Lieutenant Yar.  The way you waggle your behind around when
you're wearing pants leads me to believe you want to waggle it around without
pants," Q said, and waggled a finger and made a tch-tch sound at her.

    Unnoticed, Worf sneaked up behind Q and rendered him unconscious with a
neck pinch.  Q collapsed to the floor, unconscious, partly from the nerve
pinch, but mainly from surprise that a Klingon would know a Vulcan pinch.

    "Quick, help me get him to security," Tasha said.

    Worf, Deanna, and Beverly helped Tasha lift the limp body, and they took
him to the brig.  After Worf left, Tasha set the energy screen for her voice
override, and the three women went into the cell.  Tasha pulled Q's clothes
off.

    "Tasha, what are you doing?" Beverly exclaimed.

    "Deanna, activate the log recorder, please," Tasha said, ignoring
Beverly's panic.

    Deanna smiled at Tasha's plan.

    "Don't worry, Doctor Beverly, I think I know what she has in mind," Deanna
said, patting Beverly on the ass.

    Tasha began licking and sucking Q's cock, and even though he was out cold,
it began rising.  The women snickered when it rose to its full height of four
inches.  Tasha went down deep on it.  Then she stood up and stripped.  Then,
straddling Q's waist, she inserted the cock into her cunt and began humping
it.

    "You see, Beverly," Tasha grunted and wheezed, "we will have this visual
record with which to blackmail Q.  Maybe that will make him leave us alone."

    Beverly was aghast.  She was horrified, yet turned on immensely.  She
unconsciously reached inside her slacks and pressed a finger against her
engorged clit.  Deanna reached over and stopped her.

    "Hang on to that idea for a few minutes, dear Beverly," Deanna said,
looking into her eyes.

    The women looked at Tasha and Q, then saw Q flex.  They knew he was
squirting into Tasha's pussy, even though it had only been about twenty
seconds.

    "Some omnipotence he's got there," Tasha snorted, then laughed.

    Tasha got off Q and dressed.  The women took Beverly by the hands and led
her out of the cell.  Tasha closed the force field and they led her to Tasha's
cabin.  Beverly's mind was reeling.  They stripped her down to her panties,
then each of them took one of the doctor's tits and began sucking.  They
stripped, pausing only long enough to pull their tunics over their heads.

    "Mmmmmmmm," Beverly moaned, turned on in spite of her embarassment.

    Then she lost all track of her conscious movement.  The next hours were a
blur of tits, cunts, clits, dildos, fingers, and tongues.  They kissed,
licked, poked, prodded, sucked, touched, caressed. . .

    She dimly saw, through her fuck lust, Deanna and Troi laying back on the
bed, fondling each other's tits and deeply kissing as she alternated between
their sweet pussies.  As she licked, she gently pushed a dildo into each of
them.  They went around and around in this manner, each woman taking a turn at
licking and using the dildos while the other two kissed and fondled.

    Beverly lost count at twenty orgasms.  She was certain that Deanna had had
just as many, but Tasha seemed to cum every thirty seconds.  Tasha had a hot
cunt and a hot mouth.  Beverly would be shocked if she knew that the same
mouth which was now lapping furiously at her pussy had also sucked her son's
cock.  She would be even more surprised to know that she herself was sucking
the very cunt which took her son's virginity.  She was fucking the same women
who had given her son his first sexual experience with a female.

    The women sucked, licked, and fucked for hours.  They rubbed their pussies
together while the third fingered their clits and assholes, then switched
partners.  Tasha brought out a double-headed dildo.  Telling Deanna and
Beverly to get on their hands and knees, then turn ass to ass, she inserted
the dildo in their cunts.  They began rocking back and forth, pumping the huge
cock in and out of their wet holes.  The two women were soon cumming.

    "Aaaannnggghhh!" Beverly cried, biting on her arm.

    "Ohhhhh, shit!  Oh, pleeeeeease!  Fuck!  Fuck!  Fuck meeeeeee!  This is so
niiiiccee!" Deanna moaned, whipping her hair around and enjoying her orgasm.

    "Okay, ladies, now for the interesting part," Tasha said, giggling.

    She slipped the dildo out of their cunts and squirted some Joy Jelly on
it.  Then she handed it to Deanna, and the two switched places.  She winked at
Deanna, who suddenly grinned.

    "I see!  Okay, Tasha," Deanna said.

    She slipped one end of the huge dildo up Tasha's asshole, then pushed the
other end up Beverly's puckered ring.  Beverly gasped at the sensation.  She
was still on her hands and knees, and had been fingering her pussy after the
dildo was removed, lost to the outside world.

    "Unnnghhhh!" Beverly wheezed.  "Ohhhhh, how nice, how very nice!"

    Tasha pushed backwards, and the dildo pushed up her ass.  Deanna was
holding it in the middle, and pulled Beverly's shoulder to get her to start
moving.  Soon the two sexy women were pumping the dildo in and out of their
asses, and Deanna let go.   Moving around in front of Tasha, she spread her
thighs, and the blonde began slurping her pussy.

    "Ooooooooh!  Such a good tongue!" Deanna whispered.

    Tasha and Beverly were still butt-fucking, and had reached between their
legs to play with their engorged clits.  It had been years since Beverly had
had anything up her ass.  It had been almost as long since she had had
anything up her pussy, too, not counting the previous evening's experience
with Deanna.  Jean-Luc was the last one. . .

    She left Tasha's cabin with Deanna several hours later.  The women had
taken a sensual warm shower together, and had soaped and washed the cum from
each other's body.  Beverly was intensely satisfied, and Deanna felt it.

    "Deanna, I want to thank you for tonight. . .and last night," she said.
"I have needed that for so long."

    "I know, Doctor Beverly, I know.  It won't be the last time, either."

    Bidding goodnight to a drowsy, satisfied Tasha, they walked out into the
corridor.  The doors fwipped shut behind them and and the lock clicked to
Tasha's voice.  After walking silently for a few moments, Beverly took the
Counselor's hand and pulled her into an alcove, where she deeply kissed her,
her tongue probing the counselor's receptive mouth.

    "Until we meet again, Deanna," Beverly said, breaking the kiss reluctantly.

    "Dear, sweet Beverly," whispered Deanna.  "Nothing would give Tasha and me
more pleasure than fucking you."

    Deanna was breathless from the kiss, and extremely aroused, even though
she had just had some of the best cums of her life.  The women parted and went
to their cabins to sleep -- after another fingerfuck.  Or two.

                          - - - - - - - - - -

    Ensign Robin Leffler stripped off her pants and spread her legs.  She
looked at the thin patch of pubic hair covering her pussy.  Then she got the
scissors and began to trim it.  There wasn't much there to begin with, because
she had just started growing in thick a couple of years before.  After
getting down to stubble, she produced a container of shaving cream and
an old-style Earth "double-edge safety razor".  Spreading the warm cream
over her cunt, she began shaving.

    "Ahhhhh," she hissed as she inserted two fingers in the hole to pull the
skin taut so she could get a close shave.

    Robin was aware that she could use a sonic shaver, but this old fashioned
way was much more erotic and sensational.  She wasn't against pussy hair --
some of her Academy friends had very nice pussy hair, from what she had seen
in the locker room.  Nor was she against the hair surrounding a cock, for she
liked it to tickle her nose.  She just liked the look of her bare pussy, and
the fact that she could feel herself better without all that hair in the way.
A lot of her friends had shaved pussies, and she had engaged in some
reciprocal shaving rituals.

    She felt her cunt twitch as she wondered if a cock would feel better with
no cunt hair.  Shit, she would like to feel a cock in her virgin pussy whether
or not she had hair.  She washed off the remnants of the shaving cream and
inspected her pussy, gently flicking the engorged clit.  Robin decided she
would have to get laid soon.  Giving blowjobs just wasn't good enough.

    Sitting back in the plush chair, Robin raised her feet and put one foot on
each leg of the chair.  Her pussy was wide open, and she pushed a fingertip
in, feeling the obstruction in the way.  Many times she had the opportunity to
push her finger all the way in or to ram a dildo deep inside her.  But lately,
she wanted to have the filled feeling, but wanted a cock to do it -- Wesley
Crusher's cock.

    She wasn't certain how he'd react to her shaved pussy, but if he was an
average horny teenage boy, he'd jump at the chance to fuck a girl.  She wanted
to be that girl.  Even if he had already fucked -- or was currently fucking --
she wanted his cock to take her cherry cunt.

    "Ahhhhhhuuuuuuuuhhh," she breathed, her fingertip gently circling around
her throbbing, exposed clit and fantasizing about a young male ensign.  "Ohhh,
that's so nice, Wesley."

    She fantasized about the young man, imagining him giving her the most
explosive cums imaginable.  She pinched her naked nipples and her clit, giving
sharp bursts of pleasure to her writhing body.  Her tits weren't large, and
didn't hang down, but they were nice bulges, and when she was aroused, the
nipples would stand out like the tip of her little finger.  She imagined
Wesley's prick sliding in and out of her wet hole.

    "Mggmgmhhhhhhhmmmmghhh!" she wailed as her orgasm climbed in her body.

    Her finger was a blur going around her clit now.  Her ass was sliding on
the chair and her leg muscles were taut.  She began waving her legs in the
air, and they tensed into steel as her cum approached.  Her clitty was pulsing
and throbbing.

    "Ahhhhhh, shit!!!!"" she panted, and her orgasm hit her in one tremendous
blast.  "Ohhhhhh, whew!  That was nice," she whispered to herself, slumping
back in the chair and breathing heavily for a few moments before rising, her
cute, pert little tits heaving and her heart pounding.

    She showered quickly, and as she dressed, she spritzed little dabs of an
Arcturian cologne in strategic spots such as behind her ears, on her wrists,
and her cleavage -- or what little there was of it, for her tits were still
developing.

    "And this one's for you, Wesley Crusher," she said as she dabbed some of
the perfume on her upper thighs.

    Smiling to herself, she zipped up her tunic and exited the cabin.

    "Hello, Wesley," she said, entering Engineering.

    You may remember from another story that he was barred from Engineering.
Well, that's our first YATI.  Wes has to be in Engineering.  It's a critical
part of the next ninety lines or so, so you're just supposed to pretend that
everything is hunky-dory.  Or else this is a "prequel" and he hasn't been
barred yet.  Anyway (said the Viking), read the next few lines and then you
decide for yourself whether this occurs before or after his banning.

    Wes was performing an experiment which could result in instant galactical
annihilation if done properly, and he jumped nervously as she came up behind
him and put her hand on his shoulder.  Fortunately, the distraction was enough
so that he missed a critical moment in the experiment.  Thus the galaxy would
remain safe for another week at least, barring any reruns.

    "Uh, hi, uh, uh, Robin," Wes stuttered, and turned quickly, knocking over
a beaker of something or other.

    "What'cha doin?" she said cheerily.

    "Oh, nothing much," he replied, but thought, "Gee, she smells nice.  I'd
like to jump her bones."

    On the bridge, Deanna smiled to herself.

    "Well, whatever it was, you spilled it," she said, giggling.

    "Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!" Wes said in his best
impression of Graham Chapman.

    Activating one of those little force fields which just happen to be
conveniently placed anyplace there's a "boo boo", Wesley quickly dumped the
mess into deep space.  It floated for a few days until a passing asteroid went
through it.  The floating gunk reacted with the universe's only deposit of a
yet-undiscovered element which would enrich the lives of all living things,
destroying it and causing a hyper-mold to begin growing.  The change in mass
caused the asteroid to change course, and it moved toward a planet.

    "Ahhh!" said a tadpole, climbing out of the water and rising up on its
hind legs.  It took a deep breath and said, "I think I'll start a brand new
civilization on this. . .this. . .gee, if I'm going to start a brand new
civilization, I'd better start naming things.  I'll call this thing under my
feet -- a nice name is needed.  I can see for miles all around.  Around.
Arrrrrrounnnnnd.  Ah!  I'll call it the ground!  Grrrrrounnnnnnnd!  I like
that!  There's a lot of it, though.  I'd better categorize. . .what the fuck
is THAT?"

    The tadpole never got a chance to begin categorizing things.  A shadow
passed over the sun.  A shreiking whistle went through the atmosphere,
followed by a sonic boom which literally shook the planet -- which what the
tadpole was about to call the sum total of all the ground around -- a planet.
The asteroid whizzed through the atmosphere, and landed right on Tad's head.
Oh yeah, the tadpole's name was Tad.  So much happened so quickly -- Darwin
apologists back on Earth would call them "evolutionary spurts" in an attempt
to ignore theoretical flaws -- that we never got around to introducing Tad.

    The asteroid tumbled for hundreds of miles, leaving microbits of Tad all
over, and raising clouds of dust, water vapor, and debris.  The atmosphere was
filled with a cloud of life-choking gunk.  Just as the inhabitants were
beginning to wonder how the fuck they were ever going to clean up the mess and
continue with starting a new civilization, the planet -- which had been
knocked off its orbit by the asteroid -- fell into the sun.

    "Burp," said the sun, whose name was Douglas Adams.  "Pardon me."

    "Uh, heh heh heh," said Wesley.  "Glad that was nothing important.  I was
just. . .well, never mind.  No big loss.  I can recreate it later."

    "I was going to go to Ten Forward and have something chocolate with
Counselor Troi.  Yuh wanna come?" she said.

    "In your mouth," he thought.

    On the bridge, Deanna smiled to herself as she walked to the turbolift.

    "Sure!  Sounds like it'd be fun," Wes said.

    "Well, let's go then," she said, and walked towards the door, which
opened, then fwipped closed behind her.

    "Right behind you!" he shouted.

    "Easy, Wes, she can't hear you through the doors!" Geordi said, grinning
broadly.  "You gonna get into her pants?"

    "Me?  Oh. . .I hadn't even thought about it," Wes said, blushing.

    "Right!" Geordi said.  "I can see your temperature rising, don't forget!"

    The doors swished open and Riker entered.

    "Just coincidence," thought Wes and Geordi.

    Riker stood in the doorway, admiring Robin's ass and smiling.

    "Excuse me, Commander," Wes said as he exited and caught up with Robin.

    Riker stood in the doorway, admiring Wesley's ass and smiling.

    The two young Ensigns entered the turbolift and the doors fwipped closed.
Riker entered Engineering, and the doors swished behind him.

    "Just coincidence," thought Geordi and Chief O'Brien, who had come up next
to Geordi to check on some transporter circuits.

    "Deck Ten," said Robin.

    The silence was embarassing.  Robin's perfume (or "parfum" as it's known
to certain snotty, elitist fragrance importers -- the same ones who make
cosmetic "creme") filled Wesley's nostrils.  It was a special blend which
reacted with the male hormones, causing such blind passion and lust that it
would make any whore moan.  Wesley slowly reached his hand up to put it around
Robin's waist, but the turbolift wheezed to a stop.

    "I've never heard a turbolift wheeze," said Wesley.

    "Oh, I have," said Guinan, who was conveniently standing there as the
doors fwipped open.  "I've heard lots of strange things, interesting stories,
secrets of the universe, and the solutions to the problems of all creation."

    "Gee, Guinan, that sounds fascinating!" said Robin, as she sat down.

    "Yeah, Guinan, please tell us!" said Wesley, taking his seat at the table
with Robin.

    "I'd love to, kids, but I'm just a bartender.  I'm supposed to listen
while YOU do the talking," she replied.

    Wesley took the drink she handed him and threw it against the mirror
behind the bar.

    "Fuck you!  You do this to us EVERY TIME!!!!!  Just when you're about to
add some REAL INTEREST to a mundane story line, you go and wimp out with that
'I'm just the bartender' routine!  What's your fucking prob. . ."

    Guinan slapped Wesley hard across the face, and the assembled crew in Ten
Forward broke into cheers.  They even did "The Warp" -- a movement where one
person stands up, raises his arms, lowers them, and sits down, then the person
next to him does the same thing, then the next, then the next, and so on until
it has gone around the room.  Then the first person does it again and it
repeats until people are bored.

    Wesley stared open-mouthed, then began crying.

    "W. . .what did you have to do that for?  I wasn't going to hurt you!" the
wuss blubbered.

    "Oh, stop doing your Cowardly Lion impression and drrrrrrrink yourrrrrr
drrrrrrrrink," Guinan said in her best "Scotty" impression from the "Tribbles"
episode and sliding another drink onto the table in front of him.

    Robin winked at Guinan.  The distraction allowed the young bitch to slip
some Vegan Fly into Wesley's drink.  This would make him horny and give him
staying power.

    Ha!  Like Wesley really needed "staying power."  Too bad Robin didn't come
into the story until line 1280 -- then she might have known about Wesley's
exploits of the previous two nights.

    Still blubbering, Wesley sipped at his drrrrrrrrink.  I mean his drink.
He whimpered and sniffed and boo-hooed his first few sips, tears occasionally
welling up in his eyes and rolling down his cheeks.  Robin looked at Guinan
and rolled her eyes.  Guinan just shook her head and turned away to conceal a
chuckle.

    Troi entered, and walked over to the bar.  Guinan handed her two quadruple
chocolate fudge brownie delights.  She went to the table and sat with Robin
and Wesley.

    "Hi, Counselor," said Robin.

    "Hello, Ensign," she said, smiling at Robin.  "Hello, Wesley," she said,
turning to look at Wesley and rubbing her foot up to Wesley's crotch.

    He took a big gulp of his drink.

    "Mmmmmmm, I just love these chocolate things," Robin said.

    "Yes, they're almost better than sex," said Deanna, pressing on Wesley's
crotch with her foot.

    "I wouldn't know about that.  Yet. . ." Robin said, putting a spoonful
quickly into her mouth and putting on an oh-so-innocent face.  Deadpan all the
way.

    "Trust me, Robin.  They're both very nice.  Right, Wes?" she said,
squeezing his cock with her toes.

    Wesley took a big gulp just as Robin spoke again.

    "So, like, Wesley, you wanna go back to my cabin and fuck?" she said.

    The drink spewed.  At least the part of it that didn't choke.  Wesley
quickly set the glass down on the counter and used his sleeve to wipe away the
bourbon and snot which was dripping out of his nose.

    "Ewwwwwwwwww!  Oh, ewwwwwwww!  Yuck!  Barf!  Gag me with a dringle!" said
Guinan, throwing a bar towel at Wesley and hitting him in the face with it.

    A big, long, drippy drool of mucous was stringing from Wesley's left
nostril, and he quickly wiped it away with the bar towel.

    "W. . .w. . .what did you say?" he whispered.

    "She said, 'So, like, Wesley, you wanna go back to my cabin and fuck?'!"
shouted the assembled multitude in Ten Forward -- in perfect unison.

    Glaring at them with that "Be-careful-or-I'll-save-the-ship-AGAIN" look,
Wesley turned back to Robin.

    "What about sensitivity?  What about friendship?  What about foreplay?" he
asked.

    "We can do all that shit later," she said, eating the last bite of her
quadruple chocolate fudge brownie delight.  "Let's go.  Thanks for the
excellent quadruple chocolate fudge brownie delight, Counselor!"

    "You're quite welcome, Ensign," Deanna said as Robin left the table.

    "Go get her, Wesley," Deanna whispered.

    Robin walked toward those nice wood-grain doors with the excellent etched
glass windows.

    The doors swished open and Riker entered.

    "Just coincidence," thought the crew.

    "Excuse me, Commander," Robin said, exiting the room.

    Riker stood in the doorway, admiring Robin's ass and smiling.

    "Excuse me, Commander," Wes said as he exited and caught up with Robin.

    Riker stood in the doorway, admiring Wesley's ass and smiling.

    "Can I get you something, Commander?" Guinan said in that peculiar way she
has of smiling and talking at the same time without opening her mouth.

    "Sure, Guinan.  A glass of synthehol," he said, still looking down the
corridor after Robin and Wesley.

    The doors swished shut as he came into the room.

    Robin and Wesley turned and looked at the door.  Then they turned to each
other.

    "Probably just coincidence," they said at the same time.

    They burst into laughter and went into the turbolift.

    "Deck twelve," Robin said.

    They entered her cabin, and Robin dimmed the lights.  She slowly and
sensuously stripped, dancing nude in front of Wesley, rubbing her cunt against
his crotch, which throbbed out to meet her.  Then she knelt and began removing
his pants.

    "This mission is going to be very interesting, I do believe," Wesley said,
laughing.

    In Ten Forward, Deanna just smiled to herself and finished her quadruple
chocolate fudge brownie delight, rolling her tongue so sensuously around the
spoon that every male in the room nearly shot a wad in his pants.  She smiled
at Will, who was trying (unsuccessfully, as Deanna read Guinan's thoughts) to
hit on Guinan.  She winked at Guinan and left Ten Forward.

    Stopping by Robin's cabin and "eavesdropping", she could sense the passion
of the two ensigns.  Deanna realized that the addition of Ensign Leffler would
provide some very interesting combinations, and she couldn't wait to try them
out.

    "Another fine job by the Ship's Counselor," she said to herself, and left
to go find Tasha and Beverly.

    Back in the cabin, Wesley and Robin were leaning back against the head of
the bed.

    "So that was your first time, huh?" he said.

    "Yeah.  It was super.  I'm glad I waited for you," Robin replied.

    "So you've never done a group grope?" Wesley asked, his eyebrows rising.

    "Nuh-uh.  I fooled around with my roommate at the academy, but other than
her, you're the only one I've ever done anything with. . .  Why do you ask?"

    "Oh, no particular reason," he said, grinning.

    Wes lay back, smiling and imagining himself entwined in a mass of female
bodies consisting of the four sexiest women on the ship.  Pussy licking, cock
sucking, ass poking. . .

    It was going to be a very interesting mission indeed!

                        [ THE END?  To be continued.]

Starring the usual cast of usuals:  Patrick Picard, William T. Riker, Deanna
Troi, Geordi LeFarrrrrrrge, Data, Tasha, Wesley, O'Brien, Dr. Hot-to-Trot,
Q, Whoopi Guinan, and one of those Judd babes.
