Archive-name: Bestial/stavisit.txt
Archive-author: Hossie
Archive-title: Stable Visit


I sure hate to think of a hot-blooded Arabian mare all frustrated,
etc.  Last winter a lesbian friend of mine invited me to visit the
stable where she works.  "Remember, Hossie, there *are* other people
around there.  Look, don't touch!"

I sighed and promised to be good.  I managed to maintain a neutral
attitude as she showed me the various stalled horses ... until we got to
one where there stood a mouse-gray Arabian filly.  This girl looked me
right in the eye, raised her tail, and squirted!  "Uh, Bonnie, I think
she's trying to tell me something."  Bonnie looked at my hungry eyes
and bulging crotch and sighed.

"Okay, this stall's kind of in the corner.  But don't do anything you
can't stop in a hurry!"

She opened the steel door and let me slip inside.  "Sabbah" immediately
reached over and began nuzzling me, lightly nipping my arms.  I reached
out and began massaging her withers.  She turned her neck and pressed her
head against my back, pulling me close to her shoulder.  I redoubled my
massage as she rubbed her muzzle up and down my spine.  Her tail again
lifted, and she shot a short squirt of mare juice out.  I knew I couldn't
take long in the stall, and Sabbah obviously didn't want to wait, either.
I slid back to her rump and slipped my right hand under her tail.
Her pussy was hot, slick, and dripping.  After pushing a finger inside
(which caused her tail to shoot straight up into the air) I pulled it
back and sniffed.  Yes!  The faint, musky odor of mare-in-heat filled
my nostrils.  A quick glance around showed nothing handy to stand on.
Besides, I'd never be able to stop something like that no matter how many
others showed up.  Bonnie was standing by the door, watching the aisle.
I reached under Sabbah's flanks for a quick squeeze of her tiny nipples,
then stepped behind her.  She was tall enough that I only had to bend
forward a bit to lick her well-lubed snatch.  She wiggled her hips,
careful not to move very far.  I grabbed her hips with both hands and
buried my face.  Wow!  Sabbah began winking, her clit flipping up from
the bottom -- until I captured it between my lips and began sucking on it.
She quivered, pressing back against me, then rocking forward on her feet.
Breathing became an exercise in timing as she'd press backwards, burying
my nose in her velvety slit, then go forwards again, freeing me to get
another breath.  (No way was I about to release that sweet, thumb-sized
clit of hers -- even to breathe.)  Finally, she shuddered and pushed me
back against the wall, her orgasm expressed in grunts and whickers as her
snatch spasmed about my face.  As she relaxed, I licked her juices up,
once again marveling at the tasty, pearlescent filly fluids.

I became aware that Bonnie was frantically signaling me, so I quickly
wiped my face with a handkerchief to remove the visual evidence, and
stepped back up to Sabbah's shoulders.

After the stable owner and his manager passed with no more than a glance,
I left the stall.  Bonnie looked at me, then at my crotch, then back
at me.  Silently, she led me to a feed room where she proceeded to unzip
my jeans and give me a quick hand-job.  "I supposed since Sabbah's in
heat, I'll have to do this to the stallions, too," she murmured.

I laughed.  "I guess you'll hate it as much as this, right?"  She grinned.

"Hmm... I like my women, but after watching you, I guess I'll also have
to visit Sabbah after the barn's closed this evening!"

"Me, too!"

--
