                  Steam-Room Sex (<-- mostly true too!)
                  By Fireboy 

      I'll never forget the summer I came home from college,
when I was 19, that I learned how much fun steam rooms can
be.  My mother lived in Southern California at the time and,
like everyone else, attended a health club.  She would
periodically drag me to an exercise class where I would be
forced to endure a grueling hour-long session of jumping
around and sweating for "my own good" as she would say.  
      My only solace on these forays into muscle-land was
the 20-30 minutes afforded to me to sightsee in the locker
room as she got showered and dressed.   You must
understand, locker rooms have always held a special place in
my heart and in my fantasies.  It must the because it is the
only socially acceptable place for men to parade around naked
as the day they were born!  I would slowly undress, watching
everything that walked by.  Take super-long showers (water
crisis be damned!), and loiter in the steam and sauna rooms,
absorbing all the male meat around me, storing up info for JO
sessions later in the day.
      One day, my mother had errands to run afterward, so
we took separate cars, which meant that I could stay in the
locker room as long as I wanted!!  I got out of class early
complaining of a "twisted ankle" and entered the steam room,
which was at the end of a long hallway, a few moments later. 
Sitting there was this gorgeous guy!  "Yippee," I thought to
myself, as I sat in the corner where I could view this adonis
without being obvious.  As I sat there, looking at him through
slitted eyes, I began fantasizing about all the things I'd like to
do with him:  licking his whole body, sucking his beautiful
cock to the root, chewing on his nipples as he fucked the
living daylights out of me...  Suddenly I realized what I was
doing and the effect it was having on me; I was getting a
huge erection!  Trying to be as casual as possible, I quickly
turned sideways on the bench and pulled my knees to my
chest, wrapped my arms around them and leaned my head
against the wall, a pose I've seen other people use.  
      Well, Adonis got up and left after a while, leaving me
to myself.  I found, though, that the combination of my
horniness and the hot, wet steam only made my 7" of raging
hardon even worse!  I couldn't leave the room like this, so I
closed my eyes and tried everything I knew of to get rid of
the damn thing.  While I was concentrating, I heard the door
open again, someone was entering the room.  Rather than look
at him and risk getting more turned on, I left my eyes closed
and concentrated even harder.  
      After a few moments, I was surprised to feel a hand on
my prick!!  I whipped my eyes open to find myself face to
face with a beautiful man!  He must have entered and sat at
the other end of my bench and had a clear view right up
between my legs!  I looked him over and was NOT
disappointed:  he was about 24, 5'9" tall and built like a tank. 
He was an interesting racial mix of what must've been
mexican, spanish, native american, white, and pacific islander. 
He had straight black hair, golden bronze skin without a hair
on his body 'cept for the pubes and pits.  He was  incredibly
muscled -not hugely muscled, he was the about same mass as
I was- but *very* ripped, not and ounce of fat on his body,
and EVERY muscle could be plainly seen.  He could've been a
model for an anatomy class, all the teacher would've had to
do would be point somewhere on his body and the muscle
could be seen ("class these are the trapezius muscles...").
      As I was doing my visual scan, he started slowly
jacking my cock.  This brought my attention back into focus
and I spread and lowered my legs to give him better access. 
He continued to slowly jack me as he looked deep into my
eyes with his midnight black ones.  After a minute of this he
leaned forward and *inhaled* my cock to the base in one
swoop!  My head rocked back and hit the tiles with a crack
and I almost let out a whoop of pure joy!  I could feel his
tongue circling the base, every now and then flicking out to
lick the balls, his throat muscles working the tip, and
everything in between!  He kept this up for what seemed like
hours, and then slowly pulled himself off my member,
centimeter by centimeter. I realize that I had been holding my
breath and let it out with a whoosh.  When he reached the tip,
he released my cock completely and blew lightly along the
length.  His breath in the hot steam felt like a blow torch
being applied to me, the pain caused even more blood to rush
to my already swollen member.  Veins I didn't even know I
had raised in the sides of my prick, the head turned and
angry purple and looked like a mushroom. Seeing this, he
plunged back down to the base once more, engulfing me in
warm wetness.  The feeling was even more intense, it felt like
a thousand tiny mouths were working each nerve on my
engorged manhood.
      He had gone up and down on me several times, when
he released me for good and stood up, presenting me with
one of the most beautiful cocks I have ever seen.  It was cut,
about 7 or 8 inches long, lightly veined, perfectly straight,
with an exquisitely formed head and shaft.  Just delicious
looking, and I knew exactly what I wanted to do with it!  I
grabbed it and tried to repeat his performance on me.  I slid
that exquisite piece of meat into my mouth, sucking for all I
was worth.  It hit the back of my throat and stuck.  I kept
relaxing  my muscles as much as possible while shoving more
and more of it into me.  Suddenly my nose was being tickled
by prickle pubic hair and I heard a grunt of pleasure from
above! I had done it!  The feeling was great!  My throat was
completely filled with luscious man meat.  I started to use my
tongue, throat muscles, whatever I had to stimulate his
hardness.  His hips started slowly bucking and I had to back
off his manhood to catch a breath.  He grabbed my head on
either side and slowly, sensually started to fuck my face with
long even strokes, all the way out, all the way in, over and
over.  I was in heaven!!  I started to really worship his cock
for all I was worth, licking, sucking, rubbing with my tongue. 
I massaged and tickled his balls as his hips started to pick up
speed.  I moved my hands around to his butt, which was hard
as a rock, and worked my fingers into the crack.  When my
fingertips brushed the wrinkled knob, he shuddered with
delight. I worked my index finger into the puckered hole and
he grunted in pleasure.  Suddenly he shoved full length into
me and froze, every muscle rigid.  I thought I would be
getting a warm treat, but no, he wasn't done with me by a
long shot!
      He drew me up to him and gave me a long deep kiss,
crushing me close, grinding his groin against mine.  He began
licking down my neck, to my nipple, where he licked like a
cat and chewed for all he was worth.  He didn't linger too
long though, and moved on down to my belly.  Here he
turned me around and bent me over and zeroed in on my
crack.  Usually I don't like this, but as I had just showered
and was so hot, nothing mattered!  He nuzzled in my crack
with his nose, breathing deep of my man sent.  I first felt his
tongue like and electric shock on my the back of my balls.  He
made a trail from there all the way up to my back and back
down into the steamy depths.  Slowly he circled my anus,
making tighter and tighter circles until he hit it!  I almost fell
forward! How could I have not liked this before?!  He worked
his tongue deep into my love canal like a short muscled cock
while his hands kept my butt cheeks spread as wide as they
would go.  He let up once or twice to blow his torch-like
breath onto me, lighting me even more on fire!  
      This went on for several minutes when he turned me
around and sat me down again and presented me, once again,
with his quivering, rock hard dick.  With no further
encouragement, I again engulfed him to the root.  I began to
suck for all I was worth when I heard a sound that stopped
my heart, the door was opening!!!  He pulled out with a
resounding "POP" and whipped around.  There in the
doorway was the man who starred in many of my afternoon
fantasies; John, the weight room coordinator.  He just stood
there, blond crew cut, 6'5", stunningly beautiful.  He was at
one time a high school football coach and looked it.  He was
about 30, thickly muscled from free access to the weight room,
heavily hung, with a light covering of blondish body hair.
      We all just stood there in tableau staring at each other. 
John was the first to break it.  He slowly reached around and
stroked his growing cock.  Suddenly he took a mighty step
forward and with one hand grabbed the back of my head and
pressed it against his crotch, with the other grabbed my
friend's head and pressed against his nipple.  Wet sucking
sounds ensued from above my head, but I couldn't
concentrate on that at the moment, I had much more to deal
with!  I was faced with one of the hugest, thickest pricks I
have ever seen!  It was still soft yet, already impressive!  I
rubbed my face into the semi-hard marvel and breathed
deeply of his musky smell.  John responded by grinding his
hips into my face and pressing harder on the back of my
head.  I opened my mouth and started licking whatever I
could get my tongue on.  I worked my way down the shaft to
the expanding head and took it into my mouth.  Above me
John grunted and shoved his hips forward, pushing more of
his massive member into my face.  Since it was still semi-hard
I could go almost all the way down to the bottom, even still it 
stretched my lips to their max limit.  I worked my way back
up to the tip and abused it with my tongue.  John grunted
again and pushed his hips forward and slowly impaled me on
his, now hard, manhood.  By relaxing as much as I could I
could only get about half of it down my throat, even though I
was already stretched out from the first guy.   I gripped its
girth with both of my hands and used them to extend my
mouth all the way down and started to blow like I never have
before.  I sucked in long slow strokes up and down his length,
using the whole inside of my mouth to stimulate him.  From
the noises he was making, I could tell he was enjoying himself
immensely.  
      Just then, I felt him bend over slightly, I opened my
eyes and saw that my friend had gotten down behind John
and was rimming him for all he was worth.  This only made
me increase my efforts on John's gargantuan member,
squeezing and licking and tongueing and biting and
massaging, I used every trick I knew and made some up for
the occasion.  I used on of my hands to fondle John's balls,
this really set him off!  He started grunting and moving his
hips faster and faster between our mouths and squeezing my
head between his massive hands.
      Suddenly I felt him reach around behind him and pull
my friend off his butt and push him around to mine.  I felt
my friend shove his face between my ass cheeks and just start
going at it!  He gave my ass the best tongue-punishment ever! 
he was chewing on my cheeks, licking my crack, shoving his
tongue deep into my hole, it was GREAT!  Just then, for the
first time, one of us spoke.  It was John, he said, "why don't
you get that pretty little ass ready for me, huh?"  My friend
wasted no time and immediately pulled his face off my ass. 
John pulled my off his dick and turned my face toward my
friend's saying, "Here, get him good and wet so he can really
fuck you good!"  Need no other encouragement, I literally
swallowed his cock, after John's it felt very small and I could
easily take the whole thing.  I drooled all over it as I gave it a
sloppy tongueing.  After only a minute he pulled away and
positioned himself behind me again, John resumed his place
as commander of my mouth and slowly shoved his prick into
my waiting mouth.
      I must tell you now, that I don't usually get fucked, not
that I don't like it, I LOVE it, but I just don't see that much
action.  I relaxed as much as I could, but when my friend,
sensing my hesitation, slowly inserted just the tip, I felt the
"ring of fire" that I always feel.  Even around John's massive
plug, I gasped out loud.  My friend paused for a sec, to give
me a chance to get used to him.  After a moment, I pushed
back onto him, and felt him slide into me, filling me,
stretching me.  John, backed off and just kept the first 5 or so
inches in my mouth so I could breath, but still attend to him. 
I kept pushing back onto the cock up my ass, it was incredible
feeling him slide slowly into me, my muscles stretching and
relaxing, the pain turning to pleasure to ecstasy!  Having a
dick in my mouth and one in my butt is one of THE greatest
experiences I think anyone can have, and I had been waiting
all my life for this to happen, and it finally WAS! 
      By this time, I felt the pubic hairs prickle my butt, I
was fully impaled on his rock hard cock! I was so proud of
myself! I set out to do my best to please these two studs as
best I could, using everything I had in my body to do so.  I
flexed my love canal muscles as I moved forward to take
more of John into my mouth, earning a gasp of astonishment
from my friend.  John let out a guttural "Oh, yessssssssss" as I
eased him into my mouth once more, using everything I had
to stimulate him.  My friend by now had picked up his own
rhythm, pumping into my ass with long, hard strokes.  The
sound of groaning, slurping and skin slapping on skin filled
the small hot, gloomy chamber making me even more excited. 
Periodically the steam would click on, refilling the room with
hot billowing clouds, adding to the heat we were making.
      By now, my friend was pumping into me furiously,
pulling his cock all the way out until it was free of me, only
to slam it back to the root.  All the while I tongued John for
all I was worth.  I picked up his rhythm, meeting each thrust
by shoving back so I could get all i could up my butt, then
getting thrust forward onto John huge member.  Back and
forth they drove me, slamming into me from the both ends.
      Just then, John pulled out of my mouth and said,
"Move over, I think I want a taste of that now."  With that, he
sat down on the bench, and motioned for me to sit down on
his waiting prick.  I pulled off my friend, faced away from
John and directed his massive member to my waiting hole.  I
can't describe very well how it felt, I think I may have blacked
out a bit.  All I know is, it felt like I was a virgin all over
again!  I slowly lowered myself onto the massive thing.  It
nudged its way up inside me, claiming me for its own,
entering me, filling me deeper than anything I have ever, or
since, felt.  My world narrowed to the inside of my asshole,
and the sensations coming from there.  I concentrated only on
getting as much of him into me as possible, inch by glorious
inch, sliding into me, filling me, taking me!
      Suddenly I hit bottom, I was fully sitting on it!  John
reached forward and massaged my chest as he pushed me
down on it some more, licking encouragement into my ear,
twisting my nipples mercilessly.  Suddenly, I felt something
familiar at my mouth, my friend was back after washing his
cock off at the shower hanging on the wall of the room.  It
was slightly shrunken from neglect, "poor thing, I had better
get to work on it," I thought. So I took it into my mouth and
began sucking it again.
      John stood up and, with feet spread way out, began
fucking my ass with long slow strokes, pushing me further
onto the cock in my mouth.  I could feel John's big cock
moving all the way out of me only to come rushing back in,
filling me to the brim, his balls slapping against mine.  John's
pace picked up, I was frantically sucking on the cock, taking it
deep into my throat.  I felt John grab me around the hips and
begin to slam it deep into me with a resounding smacking
sound.  I felt like his cock and the cock in my mouth were
meeting somewhere deep inside of me.  I was simply a
wrapper for these two huge pieces of meat, something to be
used and thrown away.  
      John began grunting more and more with every thrust,
actually lifting me off the floor as he drove himself home.  My
nose was buried deep into my friend's pubic with every
thrust.  Suddenly, with an animalistic bellow, he grabbed my
ears and thrust himself as deep as possible, I felt his cock
swell, wedging itself in my throat.  It began pulsating as the
lava-hot cum began flowing out and down my gullet.  I
worked my tongue around his meat the prolong his ecstasy,
there wasn't much room in my mouth though, my tongue was
pretty much pressed against the floor of my mouth.  All the
while John was plugging my ass, the sensory stimulus was
reaching overload!
      Just as black spots began forming in front of my eyes,
he subsided and began to pull out, I worked my tongue
around his length as it came out, bringing shudders of
stimulation from him, I tasted his sweet come for the first
time.  I milked the last precious drops from him until he
pulled out completely and collapsed onto the floor in a heap.
      At this point, John must have been getting pretty close. 
He wrapped his arms around my chest and lifted me up and
back.  My feet completely left the floor, the only thing holding
me up were his strong arms and massive prick.  He moved
me up and down on him like I was some massive hand that
was jacking him off.  I felt him grip my earlobe in his teeth,
his hot breath whistling in my ear as his dick impaled me. 
One of his hands reached around and grasped my rock hard
cock, jacking me just as he jacked himself with me.  It only
took a few strokes to bring me to a blinding orgasm.  My cum
flew across the sweltering room and landed on the far wall to
drip slowly down. I was sent into convulsion as each shot
came out, I was blinded by this hot white light.  All I could
do was to hang in his arms and twitch as the  overwhelming
sensation racked my body.
      Suddenly he spun us around and shoved me against
the wall, like a policeman frisking someone, and grabbed my
shoulders to push me down on him harder.  My face and
upper chest were plastered to the hot tile, my feet just barley
touching the floor as he grunted and swore into my ear.  With
three loud, sharp grunts, he plowed into me one last time for
each grunt.  I felt my ass being spread even further apart as
his dick swelled to mammoth proportions.  It began
throbbing, and I could feel his molten hot juice come shooting
out, filling me even more fully and deeply.  I felt it begin to
run out and down my legs.  It just kept coming and coming,
gallons of it being pumped into my bowels!  
      Slowly it tapered off, and his dick began to slowly
shrink until, "plop," it fell out of my ass along with a flood of
cum. As he let me out of his grip I sank to the floor in a
quivering huddle, unable to move, let alone think.
      I just lay there as I heard the shower briefly turn on,
then off.  I heard the door open and footsteps leaving.  Well, I
thought to myself as I tried to sit up, HE left quickly.  By the
time I had managed to regain a seated position, John
reentered the room with three large clean towels for us.  He
and my friend both tenderly dried me off, taking turns kissing
me with thankful lips, massaging blood back into my poor
tired limbs.  When we were all cleaned off and (relatively)
recovered, we left the room one by one.
      As I left the room and went down the hallway, I
noticed someone had put up a sign, blocking the hallway
entrance.  When I walked around it, I read, "Steam Room
Closed for Cleaning, Please Do Not Enter!"  It hadn't been
there when I went in and I was wondering who had placed it
there when John came out of the steam room, and grinning, 
picked up the sign, winked at me and sauntered off into the
locker room!
      I slowly showered and dressed, pondering my
wonderful adventure of the morning. I knew I would have no
problem remembering to walk with a limp from my "twisted
ankle!"

