Copyright © 1998,     Schulzie .     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this entire notice attached (both header & footer).  The 
author may be contacted by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.





StepSis with the Devilish Hands (m/FF; teen; inc)

by Schulzie



The first hand-job I ever got from someone other than myself was from my stepsister who was about 5 or 6 years older than me. It only happened once, but it's a memory that has lasted a life time. At the time this took place, she was 18; I had just turned 13.

My mom and stepfather got married when I was twelve. At the time, my Mom and I lived in a one bedroom apartment. My stepfather had also lived in a one bedroom apartment with his 17 year old daughter. At both apartments, the parent took the one bedroom while the child took the living room sofa. Neither my mom nor stepfather were making much money, and since our apartment was a little roomier than his, it was decided that he and his daughter would move in with us until larger quarters could be found.

So for a few months, I found myself sharing a pull-out sleeper sofa with my stepsister, Lynn.
Lynn, who was seventeen when I first met her, was not a raving beauty by any stretch of the imagination. In fact, she was rather plain. She had dirty blonde hair, a turned up nose, and was somewhat plump. But it was a whole new experience for me to have a stepsister.

At first, it was awkward sharing the same bed with another person. Just the idea of not having all that bed space to myself took awhile to get used to; I had slept by myself all my life and I wasn't accustomed to having someone else sleeping next to me. Any time either one of us shifted positions, it usually woke the other one up.

The fact that I was sharing my bed with a teenage girl didn't bother me at first. At twelve, I hadn't developed a strong interest in girls even though my body had been going through puberty since I was ten. I had not begun to associate the changes in my body with sex yet, and I only thought of girls as boys with different body parts. But after a few weeks of sleeping next to Lynn, I began to grow curious about the female body. Lynn wore very little to bed. Usually she wore a short and sheer blue top and just her underwear below. I became aware of how her breasts would shake underneath that blue top as she moved about the living room before she crawled into bed. I was fascinated with the curves of her body, and when I would try to peek at her breasts under the top she wore, I could clearly see her nipples.

The underwear she wore were always cotton, very thin cotton. I hadn't quite figured out exactly what a girl looked like down there, but I knew they had some kind of hole that a dick went in when a man and woman wanted to make babies. Aside from that, I was pretty ignorant what lay beneath her clothes.

Because the sleeper sofa was so small, we practically slept side-by-side. I often wanted to find a way to get a look under her top at those boobs which I figured - looking back on it - to be about 36D's. I wished I could also see under her panties, but I never had the nerve to lift either her top up or pull the front of her panties outward to take a peek. Sometimes in the early morning when the first light of the day filtered in through the gaps in the curtain, there was enough light to see her as she would sleep. I would carefully pull the covers down to see her in her scanty sleeping wear. I would look at her tits as she breathed in an out. Sometimes her nipples would be erect; sometimes not.  I could see slight hints of her pubic hair beneath those cotton panties, especially when she wore white ones. I slept as I had always slept before I began sharing my bed with Lynn; an undershirt and boy's briefs.

Looking at her always gave me a hard-on which I used to refer to as a boner back then. I had been getting boners for awhile, but there didn't seem to be any rhyme or reason to them. I just got them and had not been able to connect them to any particular cause. However, since sleeping with Lynn, I began to relate all my boners specifically to Lynn and was beginning to understand a little more about sex.

Though I never got the nerve to touch her in an intimate way, she seemed to wind up putting her hands on me while she slept. Anytime she would roll over, her hand seemed to find a way to land on top of me. The first few times, her hand landed on my chest. That was about it; it would just rest on my chest - lifeless. Then, whenever her hand rested on my chest, it would start rubbing my chest in a slow, lazy sort of way. I assumed she was asleep because I never detected any significant change to her breathing. As far as I knew, she might have been dreaming that she was petting a stuffed animal or something. No matter; it felt good, and often it was hard to sleep feeling her hand on me, not to mention the fact that I had an erection pushing up against my underwear.

One night, as I tried to sleep with her hand on my chest, her hand moved downward. It just slid down past my tummy, brushed against my dick, and came to rest on my upper thigh. The result of her hand touching my dick for just a moment, plus my awareness of her hand on my thigh just an inch or two away from my crotch gave me a hard-on that was harder than it had ever been before. Her hand stayed there. My dick stayed hard. For what had to be more than an hour, that's how we lay; me with a boner, and her with a warm hand close to my boner. Eventually, she rolled over, and I was able to get to sleep though it was not easy to do with the way my dick was so stiff.

The next night, it happened again...in almost the same way. First her hand was on my chest, then it slid down over my limp dick, and finally stopped at my upper thigh. Only this time, her fingertips rested on my balls. I thought I would go crazy. I wanted so much to take her hand and place it right down on my dick which stood at attention under my underwear. But I was so afraid she would wake up and get mad. Again, after what seemed to be an eternity, I was wide awake taking in all the sensations of her hand on my legs and the tips of her fingers touching my scrotum. Occasionally, her fingers would twitch and brush across my scrotal sac. Anytime I felt my erection was going to subside, all it took was one quick brush of fingers against my balls to make it rock hard again. I was so tired. I had to get to sleep because in the past few days I had gotten very little rest due to all the attention I was paying to Lynn's hand touching my body during the night. I decided to take matters into my own hands...literally.

Very quietly and slowly, I pulled back the waistband of my underwear -being careful not to pull it too far down so as not to touch Lynn's fingers on my balls - and with the other hand, I grabbed my dick. God, it was so hard. I had played with my dick plenty of times in the past year or two, and just the year before I ejaculated for the first time. I had discovered the wonderful sedating effects of an orgasm, so I knew if I jerked off, I'd have an orgasm, my boner would go down, and maybe I could get some sleep.

There we were. I was laying on my back with dick in hand. She was lying on her side with her arm stretched out toward me, her hand just barely touching my balls. I looked over to see if she was asleep. Her eyes were shut and her breathing was slow. As Lynn slept next to me, I began to stroke my dick, slowly at first because I was afraid I would wake her up with any major movement of my hand. But as I approached my climax, I picked up the pace of my stroking and tensed my legs as I got ready to cum. I was trying hard not to breathe too heavily for fear that she would wake up and catch me beating off at just the moment I was shooting off.
But just as I was starting to feel my cum rise up from my balls, she flicked her fingers a couple of times against my scrotum; not soft and light like before, but a little harder and I could feel her fingernails scrape against my sac. I came just at that second, spewing my young teenage sperm out of my dick, all over my chest and stomach. My orgasm only last a short time, but the power of the explosion caused me to start hyperventilating after having controlled my breathing for so long. I was sure the sound of my quick and heavy breathing would wake her up. As soon as my orgasm was over, I quickly glanced in her direction. Her eyes were still closed and she appeared to still sound asleep. Quietly, I reached my arm up to the end table next to the sofa bed, pulled a couple of Kleenex in the box that was sitting there, and cleaned myself up the best I could. I carefully began to pull my underwear up, stuffing the used Kleenex into my underwear so I could dispose of it in the morning when I went to the bathroom.

To both my relief and regret, the incident did not repeat itself the next night. Her hands came nowhere near my body. Again, the following night it didn't happen. Not the next night. It never happened for the entire time we remained in that apartment.

A few weeks later, we moved into a townhouse my mom and stepdad decided to rent. My bedroom was directly across the hall from Lynn's. Her bedroom furniture was arranged in such a way that her dresser (with mirror attached) was angled in the corner so that from my bedroom I could see most of her room. Shortly after we had all moved in together, I was treated to sights of Lynn dressing and undressing. Whenever the parents weren't home, she rarely closed her bedroom door. It didn't dawn on me until later that this was more than coincidental - she obviously was doing this on purpose as she always closed the door when they were home. The first time I saw her,
she was changing her clothes off to the side of the room and thanks to the mirror I got my first glimpse of naked female flesh. Not much to see from that angle; a quick view of her ass, profile of her tits, but WOW! - this was definitely cool. Several more of these quick flashed happened before I got the big payoff. One night while the parents were out, she stood right in front of the mirror. From the mirror, I got a great view of her boobs, a great brown haired bush, and pointing directly at me - her ass, which was a bit on the fat side,but I didn't care. I could see everything! And
then...she caught me looking. Looking into the mirror while she was admiring her own boobs, she saw me looking from my bedroom. She didn't care. For a twelve-year old boy, this was hard to understand. I had no idea what exhibitionism was all about, so I couldn't understand why she kept on standing there totally naked when I know for sure she had caught me looking.

It was what happened the following summer that opened up a whole new world for me. I had turned 13 shortly after we moved into the house, and Lynn turned 18 a few months later. Lynn and one of her friends had plans one summer day to go to one of the local swimming clubs. My mom asked if it would be okay if she could take me along with them. Although I'm sure she had better things to do than have me tagging along, Lynn was pretty cool about it. She pretty much let me do what I wanted at the pool while she and her friend were checking out the guys.

We spent the better part of the day there, and when it was time to go home we drove back still wearing our bathing suits. Upon entering the house, Lynn looked at me and said: "Looks like you got too much sun. We better take care of that before it really begins to hurt.Go take a cold shower and when you come out, I'll put some cold creme on your sunburn." This made sense to me
since I could feel that my shoulders and upper back were a little sore.

So I took the shower and came out with a towel around my waist. She was waiting for me in my bedroom. Her friend was still in Lynn's bedroom getting changed I suppose. Lynn told me to lie on the bed so she could put the cold creme on my back. She began to apply the creme to my upper back. It was very soothing, and I thought it was nice of her to do this for me. She rubbed the
creme down lower on my back and told me I'd have to loosen my towel so she could get down to the small of my back. I told her I didn't think I was sunburned there, but she said she could see pink skin there. Okay, I thought, and loosened the towel so she could get at my lower back. She spent a little time rubbing the creme there under the towel, and then put a little on my thighs and calves. At that point, her friend comes into the room and says to Lynn, :"Having fun?"

Lynn says: "Yeah, wanna help?" Then she tells me to roll over so they could get my chest and legs in the front.

You have to believe me that I was very naive as a thirteen year old and had no idea that this was a not-so-innocent encounter. I actually believed that this was just Lynn trying to do something nice for her stepbrother.

I rolled over and kept the towel draped over my middle. Lynn says to her
friend to rub the creme on my chest while she worked on my legs. Her friend
started around my shoulders while Lynn began putting the creme on my feet,
shins, and knees. All the time they were doing this, they were giving each
other looks and grins. I knew there was some girl thing going on, but I
wasn't aware of what they were up to. Then they began to work toward the
middle with Lynn working on my thighs and her friend working on my stomach.
That's when I started to get an erection.I was lying on my back in front 
of two older girls and my dick was starting to get hard. I was petrified. 
I couldn't let them see my dick get hard. I didn't know what to do. 
Should I roll over on my back? Run to the bathroom? My dick was getting
hard real fast as their hands move closer to it.

Lynn noticed the towel rising and said (and I can still hear her saying
this) "Is little brother getting a boner?", in sort of a mock-surprise
voice. "Look", she said to her friend, "my little brother is getting a
boner!" Now I'm really feeling mortified. Her friend says: "You're right, he
is."

Looking back on it, I realize now I had been set up. Their voices were just
a little too phony sounding as if they knew all along they were going to do
this, but at that time I was clueless. All I wanted to do was crawl into a
hole and die of embarrassment. I couldn't believe they were staring at my
dick and talking about boners. I didn't even know girls knew about boners.
And here they were, looking and talking about it. I was paralyzed from a
combination of fear and excitement. Then, Lynn reached under the towel and
squeezed my dick. All of this was happening way too fast, and things were
beyond my control. She said. "Jesus, he's so hard. Little brother is growing
up." They both giggled, and I must have blushed several shades of red at
this point. She was talking about my dick. Then she tells her friend, "Go
ahead, feel it." Oh my God, I thought. She's going to touch it too!

With that, Lynn threw the towel aside and they both toyed with my dick
awhile, making comments about it. Then Lynn began stroking it, sort of like
the way I did when I played with myself. What did she know about beating
off, I wondered. I knew girls didn't have dicks and I couldn't figure out
how she knew about boners and beating off. I had no idea why she was doing
this or why they both seemed to be getting enjoyment doing this to me. I was
extremely embarrassed on the one hand, yet part of me was really enjoying
the attention and how Lynn's hand felt so good stroking my dick. It didn't
take long for me to come, and as I did, both girls watched me and gave each
other little amused grins. I sprayed semen all over my chest and stomach. 
I felt humiliated, yet I was so excited about what had just taken place. I had ejaculated
in front of two older girls.

It was over almost as quickly as it had begun. The girls took off to Lynn's
bedroom and I could hear them whispering and giggling behind the closed
door.

Looking back on this event after many, many years, I realize fully the
little game Lynn was playing with me. And I've come to the conclusion that
she was a control freak. She never gave me another handjob the entire time
she lived with us, but she had me eating out of the palm of her hand. There
wasn't anything I wouldn't do for her in hopes she would do me again. And
she knew it too. In some ways, I became her little slave.
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....