Copyright © 1997,   Drifter.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.
Sexually Explicit Material   -   Not Intended for Minors

     Title  The Loving Step Mother


     Part 1

     by the Drifter

     Mary awoke with a start. She had heard someone scream she
thought but she was having a hard time getting awake. Too much wine
the night before to get to sleep.  She sat up groggily and her nightgown
slipped off her shoulder baring her beautiful full breast.  If anyone had
been there they would have looked at Mary's full firm breasts with
great admiration.  In fact every part of Mary Tillson had to be admired. 
The second wife of Mark Tillson,  stepmother now to the uncontrollable 
16 year old Joy Tillson and the extremely shy 18 year old Bobby Tillson.  

     Mary looked over in the bed for Mark and remembered he was out
of town on business.  Seems he was either working late or out of town
most of the time lately.  She heard the noise again only this time it was a
loud laugh.  Fully awake, she got out of bed and pulled the strap of her
gown back up on her shoulder barely covering her full beauty with the
transparent fabric.  This was one of the ultra sexy nightgowns she had
bought trying to get Mark to stay home a little more.  But even that
hadn't worked.  She had thought for a while he was having an affair but
a private detective soon assured her he was just working. 

     She walked to the sliding glass door leading to the veranda off of
the master bedroom.  As she looked down toward the hot tub below she
saw her stepdaughter.Joy with one of her series of young men, all older
than her.  They were both nude and he was between her trim legs
obviously fucking her as she responded enthusiastically.  The scream
had been one of pleasure and then Mary heard Joy yell out, "Oh fuck I'm
cumming again.  Harder you bastard..  fuck me harder."

     Mary was fuming,  Joy knew she was in her bedroom and would
be woken by her screams.  She wanted Mary to discover them. This
wasn't the first time she had done this for her benefit. Mary turned and
strode back inside. This time she wasn't going to ignore it.  She headed
down the stairs and out the door to the hot tub area.  Shortly she stood
watching only feet away as the young couple had switched to fucking
dog style.  Joy's oversized tits hung down so temptingly.  Her young tits
looked good on her 5'1" frame in spite of their 38D size.  Mary could
actually smell the sex odors from where she was and realized she was
beginning to get turned on too.  Damn Mark anyway. If he were at home
more he could take care of her needs. Her very strong needs. Angry at
Mark she stepped out into the moonlight only a couple of feet from the
couple and said, "Stop that Joy.  How dare you do that here?"

     Joy looked up at he furious stepmother and smiled.  The young man
looked up at Mary in a sexual haze and liked what he saw.  Mary had a
figure to turn men's heads. Her breasts were smaller than Joy's but
who's weren't?  He  stopped stroking his cock into Joy and Joy groaned
and said, "Don't stop fucking me, it's just my stepmother, the cunt my
father fucks."

     He was happy to continue as his hands filled with her super tits
and his eyes were glued on Joy's step mom's hard nipples showing
through her gown clearly. Even her dark pubic hair showed. Then Joy in
her nastiest tone said,  "What's the matter Mary, you envious?  Sorry
you don't have this cock in your wet cunt.  I bet you are wet from
watching us fuck aren't you?  Want to join us bitch?  I won't tell Dad if
you don't.."

     The resentment of her step mother flowed out.  Mary stepped back a
step.  My God was she talking to me like that.  Part of her knew what
Joy said was true. She was so horny and needed a good fuck in the
worst way.  Then she watched as Joy came again and the young man
soon obviously did too.

     Mary was so pissed she couldn't believe it.  She wasn't sure who
she was the most pissed at but it probably was Mark with Joy taking a
close second.  She stepped up to the edge of the sunken hot tub  and
said, "You little slut.  You will fuck anything with a cock won't you.  I
have had it with you,  now get out of the hot tub right now."

     The young man was taken back  He still ogled Mary's sexy body
but he wasn't sure he should be there. Then he heard Joy, "Fuck you
Mary,  you aren't my mom or my boss.  You are just cock hungry and
pissed cause my dad isn't here to feed you his huge cock.  He does
have a nice big one doesn't he Mary?'

     Mary fumed and retorted, "You little whore.  How would you know
about your father's cock?  Don't make me call  the fucking police."

     Then Joy lunged out and caught Mary's foot.  Before she could do
anything Joy had pulled her off balance and she had fallen in the hot tub
with the two of them.  She couldn't believe her ears when she heard her
stepdaughter tell her lover, "Grab her,  fuck her.  Believe me this is just a
little game we play.  She wants you to take her, pretend  you are forcing
her.  Hurry, I will hold her arms while you pretend to rape her."

     Joy caught Mary's arms and jerked her down  between her strong
legs.  Suddenly Mary found her head jammed into Joys bare tummy just
above her pubic hair.  Her stepdaughter's legs whipped around her neck
then,  pulling Mary's face into her well used young pussy.  Joy held
Mary's arms behind her back and she was immobile.  Mary was shocked
to learn that Joy was so strong.   She felt the young man's hands on her
ass, then between her legs as his fingers doodled in her wet pussy.  He
found her cunt so lubricated already he believed Joy's rape fantasy story.

     Mary felt his delightful hands on her cunt and then the round head of
his cock pressing into her.  She tried to scream for help but found her
mouth buried in her stepdaughters pussy like a lesbian lover's kiss.  The
long hard cock slid into her easily she was so wet...stretching her as it
went deeper and deeper, thrilling her. It had been so long since Mark
had fucked her.  Oh shit it felt good.  The odor of Joy's cunt was like a
narcotic.  She found herself spreading her legs wider to accommodate
the hard cock, now driving into her rapidly. Pushing back to meet his
thrusts.

     Joy felt her stepmother relax and begin to move to meet the stroking
cock.  She is really getting into this, Joy thought smiling at what had
transpired by chance.  Then she felt a tongue lash out over her swollen
clit and she moaned, "Oh shit,  you want to eat a little pussy too..  go
ahead Mary I love that too."  

     Mary plunged her face into Joy's cunt now with gusto. She had
loved eating pussy ever since high school days. And Joy's was tasty with
a combination of cunt juice and male cum mixed into a nice cocktail.
Mary heard Joy cry out with pleasure as her tongue caused her step
daughter to get off over and over.  She heard the young man grunt as he
fucked her with enthusiasm if not skill. It would do nicely she thought as
she went over the edge for the second time, looking for more... more.

     Joy had released Mary completely and Mary had pulled Joy's legs 
over her shoulders to provide better access as her mouth played a tune
on Joy's young pussy.  Mary's finger had found Joy's asshole.  As she
sucked her hard clit like a little cock, she rammed her finger deep into
Joy's tight neither hole.  Joy screamed and came wildly and then
abruptly
fell limp as she passed out. 

     Mary turned her head  then to her young lover and told him to hurry
and get her off again and cum in her.  He strained against her and did
just that almost immediately and the two of them seemed to bay at the
moon for a long long time.

     He slowly pulled his cock out of Mary and turned her around and
kissed her lips lovingly.  Surprised at his new tenderness, Mary let him
cuddle her and returned the almost sweet kiss.  Joy was still passed out
on the edge of the tub, her legs splayed wide and her overused cunt
looked up at the world wondering what hit it.....

     Mary smiled at her new friend and said, "Hi I'm Mary."

     He hugged her and laughed as he fondled one of her breasts and
said, "I'm Tommy. You are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen.
And the best fuck too.  You are awesome Mary."

     Mary patted his cheek and kissed him again and then said, "You
were pretty good with that thing yourself.  I needed it bad honey. My
fucking husband is gone all the time lately."

     Tommy smiled and said, "You can call me anytime Mary.  I work
at the book store in town.  I can't think of anything I would rather do than
make you happy."  And he cupped her full tits again gently.

     "I may take you up on that Tommy, I do get lonely... and horny."

     Then Mary kissed him one last time and walked up the steps out of
the hot tub, into the house and back to bed after taking off her wet
nightgown  that looked more like a belt at that moment.  She thought, "I
just got raped I think, but it sure did feel good... at both ends.

     As she lay back down satisfied for a change she heard Joy's voice
from outside,  "Damn Tommy what happened?. God that was unreal, so
good.  Did I dream that?'  

     Mary didn't know how she would handle this when she woke up
but she would deal with it then.   And she slept soundly for the first time
in weeks.

                    * * *

     The next morning when Mary arose she noticed Mark in their bed
beside her still sleeping. He had returned from his business trip
sometime during the night and she hadn't even known it..

     She lay there for a moment thinking about all that had occurred the
night before.  She couldn't believe how she had let the rape turn into a
hot party with Tommy and Joy.  She had been so horny she couldn't
help herself once he had gotten his hard cock into her.  She had sworn
that once she married Mark she was never going to fuck anyone but
Mark.  That she sure would never do the group sex thing again, no
matter how much she had loved it before she met Mark.  But she had.  It
wasn't her fault but once it got started she sure got into it.   She smiled
to herself and thought, I wonder what Mark  would have thought if he
had seen his needy wife being fucked in the hot tub by the young stud
while she ate his daughters pussy?  Her loins were tingling just from
thinking about the previous night.

     She looked at her husband and her thoughts shifted, Why does he
work so hard?  Is he avoiding me?  Is the sex over for us.?  I can't stand
that, not as hot as Mark had been before and right after our wedding. 
He couldn't get enough of me then.  But now....

     She got up and put on a silk robe that hugged her curves like a
lover's caress then she woke Mark and said, "I'm going down and fix
breakfast,  get showered and dressed you workaholic."

     Mark was awake and winced at the workaholic comment.  It was
true he knew , he had been lately but he was so close to financial
independence. If this next month went right he could retire wealthy, that
is if he decided to retire.   Mary would just have to wait he thought as he
headed for the shower. 

     Downstairs Mary found Bobby in the kitchen sitting at the table.  He
had made the coffee and now was reading a book as he sipped his first
cup.  He was a good kid, Mary thought.  Handsome like his Dad.  But so
shy.  And those books.  He mostly read  pornography.  Mary had found
them all over his room.  She had read a number of them to help pass
the time and found them exciting too.  Poor Bobby, she thought, his sex
life seems to be his books and his hand.  Maybe she should help him. 
After what I did to Joy  and even a complete stranger, last night, why
not?  Then she caught herself and thought,  stop that Mary you slut.

     She had been a slut before she met Mark, a beautiful and classy
one but a slut none-the-less.  She did love to fuck and had enjoyed a
number of men and several women too..Threesomes, foursomes and
"moresomes".  She had been a busy party girl for sure.

     She shook her head to clear those ideas.   Her old ways came
back too easy.   She walked up behind Bobby's chair and leaned down
to hug him, her breasts pressing into his back, making her nipples tingle, 
"Good morning Bobby, thank you for making the coffee honey."

     Bobby looked at his step mom as she moved to fix breakfast for
everyone, the feel of her big breasts against his back still fresh in his
mind,  God she was so hot to look at.  He felt his cock start to grow as
he could make out her nipples through her robe.  He envied his Dad.  He
had watched them make love several times right after they came back
from their honeymoon.  Man she did love it.  Lately his Dad was gone all
the time and he hadn't been able to catch them fucking in a long time. 
That had been made up some by his raunchy little sister fucking her
dates all over the place when their parents were gone. It was like she
was taunting him sometimes.  She made him hot too.  He regularly
searched for fuck stories about step mothers and step sons and brother's
and sisters.  He frequently thought, why can't our house be like those
fuck stories?

     Mary felt his eyes on her body and knew she was turning her step
son on.  She had always loved the feeling of turning a man on.  He is a
sweet hunk. It would be so much fun to teach him all about sex..  It
would be wild to get Joy and Mark both in bed with her.  She thought ,
I've already cheated on Mark with Tommy, maybe I could...  then she
stopped her self again.   God if Mark doesn't start keeping me happy in
bed he will have no one to blame but himself if I start it all again.  She
was bent over looking into the refrigerator and knew Bobby was enjoying
looking at her cute ass.

     As Bobby was getting an erection over Mary,  Joy breezed in.  He
looked up at her and she seemed different this morning somehow.  More
subdued  then a normal person.  She was dressed as usual.  So damn
sexy.  She had on a extreme mini that just barely covered her cute ass. 
A cut off t-shirt that covered her nipples but the lower swell of her big tits
were in plain view beneath the cut off.  There was something so much
sexier when the underside of her tits showed than the upper part which
was always on display.  No bra on those tits, Bobby thought,  and his
hard cock jumped under the table.  What was a guy to do with two such
sexy women around.  
 
     Joy was quite.  She usually came in ragging on Mary.  She seemed
to hate their step mother.  Mary was sweet and tried to get along but Joy
could be such a little bitch.  Bobby wondered what was wrong with her
this morning.

     Mary saw Joy come in.  Her eyes ran over Joys lush young body
much as Bobby had but with new feeling this morning.  She recalled how
good Joy's little cunt had tasted the night before as her boyfriend had
fucked Mary.  Wondered how her big tits would feel in her hands  Their
eyes met and Mary saw a trace of fear in Joy's eyes. 

     Mary thought, What do I want to do?  Am I going to continue what
we started last night?  God I do want to taste that sweet young cunt
again.  Maybe even share another boyfriend or two.  Can we stop the
war?  Maybe this is the way..  But Mark was bound to find out and the
big divorce scene would follow.  She didn't want that.  She really did love
Mark.

     She poured a cup of coffee for Joy and set it down in front of her. 
As she stood there she let her finger tips trail over Joy's graceful neck as
she said, "Good morning Joy, did you sleep well baby?"

     Bobby looked up thinking, What the hell is going on?  They are
acting like they actually like each other.  Then he returned to his book as
Joy looked up at Mary with a confused look on her face.

     Mary set the large breakfast on the table just as Mark walked in. He
kissed her cheek and sat down to eat.  The conversation was almost nil.
Usually Joy was taking pot shots at Mary but today she was silent. Mark
finally said, "Joy honey.  You OK?  You're awfully quiet today."

     Joy muttered she was just tired.  Her father looked at how she was
dressed .  The under swell of her big tit  showing like that made his cock
jump.  She is so fucking sexy, he thought.  He also thought he ought  to
say something to her about her not showing so much of herself but he
didn't.  He knew he enjoyed the view to much to ruin it.  He was well
aware his sexy young daughter was hot and was fucking a number of
her boy friends.  He had seen her with guys a number of times.  He had
never said anything  but just slipped past them and gone on his way.  He
admitted to himself he liked knowing she was promiscuous.

     As they ate,  Joy and Mary's eyes met several times and then broke
off.  Mark finished and rushed off to the office for the day after catching a
glimpse up Joy's tiny little skirt at her sheer white panties.. Mark was half
hard as he went out the door.  Telling himself it was OK to just look.

      Bobby headed out the door to school at the local community college
next.  As Mary cleared the table Joy actually got up and helped her. The
silence was broken by Joy as they finished in the kitchen,

     "You didn't tell Dad?"

     "No,  I didn't think it was necessary.  But we do need to talk."

     Mary saw the,  "Oh not another lecture"  look come on Joy's
beautiful face and she laughed saying, "No lectures sweetheart, just
talk."

     Joy cocked her head thinking, this isn't  my evil step mom.

     Mary was finished with the kitchen and said, "Let's go up to my
bedroom honey, we can talk privately there."

     Mary led the way and Joy's eyes were on her trim round ass in
front of her, wondering what was in store.  Remembering how good it felt
when her stepmother had eaten her pussy the night before.  She was
trembling slightly by the time they reached the bedroom that Mary and
her Dad shared.

     Joy sat on the edge of the bed, her legs hanging over the side, as
Mary opened the big closet in front of her.  She had planned on telling
Joy that what had happened the night before was a mistake on all their
parts and could never happen again.   But Mary seemed to change her
mind and she turned toward Joy and saw the wet spot on her panties
between her spread legs..  Will power had never been Mary's strong suit
and all she could think of now  was how sweet and tangy Joy's cunt had
tasted.   Stripping her robe off standing there gloriously nude Mary posed
sexily for her step daughter.  Joy's eyes scanned this sexy body slowly
as Mary stood there.  Joy was familiar with girl-girl sex  Her best friend
Sherry and she had enjoyed that a lot.  Now she felt her cunt start to
moisten even more as she looked at her enemy,  or at least her former
enemy.

     Mary smiled as Joy looked her over, and then walked over to her
lusty step daughter.  She stopped as Joy's legs touched hers.  She put
one hand on each of Joys shoulders and said,  "Honey,  I know
something changed for us last night.  You wanted to humiliate me by
helping your friend rape me, fuck me,  but it didn't work out that way.  I
was so pissed at you at first, but after he had his cock in me....."

     Mary let her hand slide up Joy's neck and stroke her soft cheek as
she continued,   "I lost control completely last night.  I was so starved for
sex.  Your Dad has been away too much and he hasn't fucked me for
weeks.  When you held me and Tommy started to fuck me I just fell
apart.  His cock felt so good in me and your sweet little cunt smelled so
good.  I haven't had another women in a long time and I wanted you.  I
wanted to fuck you both and I loved it Joy, every second of it.. Can you
understand that?"

     Joy was staring at Mary's now swollen nipples an inch from her
lips.  She looked up at Mary and in a husky voice said,  "Mary....  " 
Then her eyes went back to Mary's nipple as she licked her lips.  Mary
understood and her hand gently pulled Joy's lips to her tit.  Joy opened
her mouth and licked it making Mary gasp. Then Joy sucked the nipple
into her mouth, gently at first then harder.  Mary dropped her hand under
the cut off t-shirt,  on top of Joy's magnificent globe and the rigid nipple
capping it.  As Joy sucked one nipple then the other, Mary's hands were 
both full of Joy's tits.

     After a minute Mary pushed her away and leaned down and
french kissed her beautiful step daughter.  The kiss was long and hot
and Mary felt Joy's hands on her ass and pussy.  Joy diddled her wet
cunt lips and clit and Mary gasped with pleasure.  She broke the kiss
and smiled at Joy saying,  "You've done this before.  Anyone I know?"

     "Sherry mostly, a few others."  Joy said as she finger fucked her step
mom.  Sherry was Joy's best friend, another  sexy  teen,  the daughter of
their nearest neighbors.  Pat and Paul Johnson.  They were a friendly
couple but their marriage seemed to suffer just like Mary and Mark's

     Mary caught Joy's t-shirt and pulled it over her head as Joy raised
her arms to help.  Then Joy slid back on the bed and shoved her skirt
and panties down her legs, dropping them on the floor.  Joy smiled up at
Mary and said, "If I eat your pretty pussy will you forgive me for being
such a little bitch.  I have been so jealous of you."

     Mary crawled on the bed beside Joy and lay back, spreading her
legs as she guided Joy's face to her eager hungry cunt.  Mary screamed
with pleasure as Joy expertly tongued and sucked her labia, her clit and
her asshole.  Mary began to cum wildly thrusting her pussy up to Joy's
mouth.  .After Mary came several times she shifted until they were in a
69 position and they both went wild.  

     Later as they lay together face to face, they kissed and hugged
each other playfully as they recuperated.  Mary propped herself up on
one elbow and said softly as she stroked Joy's face and hair, "Little
sweetheart,  what did you mean you were jealous of me?"

     Joy ran her finger around on Mary's full breast, around and around
her nipple as she thought for a moment.  Mary  shivered with pleasure
but caught her hand and laughed,  "Save that for later lover,  please tell
me."

     Joy looked into her eyes and Mary again saw the fear,  then Joy
said, "It's a lot of things Mary.  You are gorgeous and sexy and so
confident.  Men trot after you like puppy dogs. I have seen Sherry's dad
look at you like you were candy.  And Dad, when he doesn't have his
head up his ass over work,  is so in love with you.  Even my boyfriends
lust after your body."

     Mary leaned down and kissed Joy's pouty lips softly, running her
tongue around her lips and then plunged it deep in Joy's mouth.  Joy
responded immediately and the kiss had them both gasping for breath. 
Mary forced herself to break away.  Joy looked up at her hungrily as 
Mary shook her head to clear it and then said,   "Thank you Joy, that is a
wonderful complement.  I think I am falling in love with you too baby."  

     Joy smiled pleased at the comment and Mary continued.  "The boys
are all over you like flies on honey. How can you be jealous?"

     "Sure the guys are on me, to fuck me and get a blow job.  None
of them even date me.  I'm just a piece of ass to them."

     Mary smiled and said ,"There is something to be said for being a
piece of ass honey, and I bet you are a great one.. I sure enjoyed being
just a quick fuck for Tommy last night.  But I know what you mean.  We
want more. We deserve more.  The truth is honey, with a face and body
like yours, you can have any man and on your terms."

     "Oh Mary will you teach me?  Right now if a guy comes on to me I
just spread my legs."

     Mary met her lips briefly and then answered, "I would love to
darling, but right now I want to fuck you with my mouth and tongue."

     Joy sighed with anticipation as Mary went down on her for the
third time.

               * * *

     They were having lunch when Bobby came back in briefly before
heading for the beach.   Bobby smiled as the two women chatted like
best friends and again wondered what had changed.  

     Mary stood up and gave Bobby a big hug and asked him what he
wanted for lunch. She felt his cock jump against her as they continued to
hug and she just smiled up at him. The two of them were having the
identical thoughts, ....   I would love to fuck him/her?

     Mary felt a little guilty over the thought of cheating on Mark with his
own son but she dismissed it. If he can't fuck me and keep me happy
maybe Bobby can.  If not, Tommy sure can. Maybe both of them.  Then
She looked up at Bobby and pressed her loins gently against his growing
cock as she said, "Honey we need to chat about some things. Are you
going to be home tonight?"

     He swallowed not knowing how to react, fearing he was in trouble
and he replied, "Yeah I'll be home about six."

     She fixed him a sandwich and he walked out to his car munching
on it.  Afraid to hang around for fear he would lose it in his pants if he
stayed around Mary much longer.

     When he was gone Joy said, "You are so fucking sexy Mary.  I want
to be just like you.  Poor Bobby wants to fuck you so bad. You know that
don't you?"

     "Yes I know baby."  and she leaned across the table and deep
kissed her step daughter.

     When the kiss broke Joy asked, "Have you thought about fucking
Bobby?   I sure have."

     Mary smiled and said,"I have considered it, I might..maybe even
tonight.  Your Dad will be out late again the bastard."  Then after a
pause she said,  "Honey, are you OK with me like this. I know I am your
Dad's wife but I have to have sex and Mark is leaving me hanging.  You
should have known me before your Dad came along in my life.  I was a
lot like you."

     "Really?  I like that.  I do  understand Mary. I'm the same way, I can't
do without a lot of sex so I don't blame you.  But at least you have had
Dad."

     Mary looked at her and understood in that second why Joy had been
so nasty to her all along.  She smiled and said, "You want to fuck your
Dad don't you?"

     "Yes... I have wanted him for  years now.  I have tried to show him I
am available. He knows I fuck a lot of guys, I've seen him watching us
when he thinks I don't know he's there. .  Can't he see I want him.  I
guess I shouldn't admit that to you.  I mean you are his wife."

     Mary smiled,  made a mental decision and said,  "I'm now also your
lover. Maybe I can share him with you baby."

     Joy gasped and then squealed with delight. She jumped up and
hugged and kissed Mary and then said, "Really, will you help me get
Dad to fuck me. I have tried but he always runs away."

     "Some Dads are funny like that baby.  Yes I will help you. We can
kill two birds with one stone. I can teach you how to get what you want
from men and we can use your Dad as our test subject.   But now we
have to go to work.  To my laboratory."  And Mary caught her hand and
led her back to her bedroom.

     Once there Mary said, "First a shower."  and she started stripping.
Joy followed suit and they were soon under the hot spray soaping and
washing and playing with each other.  

     Both of them dry again, temporarily satisfied but still nude, Mary
pushed Joy  back on the counter and trimmed her cute pussy bush. 
Planting a big french kiss on it when she was done.  Joy looked at it in
the mirror after she was through and realized it now looked like Mary's.
She loved it. 

     Mary explained different perfumes, lotions.  Then Joy got a lesson
in subtle make up that really enhanced her beauty.  When they finished
it, Joy looked in the mirror and realized for the first time that she was
gorgeous. The make up was light, enhanced her high cheek bones and
her  fully pouty lips.   She was stunning, like Mary when she dressed up
to go out.

     Next Mary led her to her closet.  She stood there and studied her
dresses then pulled out a white sheath. And slid it over Joy's head.  It fit
like a glove, a little tight in the breasts but that just looked sexy.  The
white looked great with Joy's deep tan.   Mary studied her and then went
to her dresser and returned with some thin pads.   Mary pulled down the
top of Joy's dress baring her big tits.  She leaned forward and kissed
each nipple saying, "I can't resist those beauties."  and then stuck the
pads in the top of the dress with velcro.  She lovingly placed Joy's big
tits back in the dress and smiled.  Before her nipples were too obvious. 
Now there was just a hint and she said to Joy,  "Men love to see your
nipples but we must save them for the kill. Yours show a little and that's
fine.  When the time is right the pads will come out."

     Joy looked and saw a lovely, quite sexy, in an understated way,
young woman..."I'm beautiful Mary."

     "Yes you are darling and sexy as hell.  And you are wonderful and
deserve any man or woman you want in your bed or by your side."

     Then Joy said, "What can I do for you Mary?  I want to do
something. I think I love you. It's sort of confusing. I love you as a lover,
and I adore the way we make love but now maybe I love you like a
mom... a very sexy mom."

     Mary kissed her and held her close.  She pulled away and said. "I do
have something in mind you can help me with.  But first I think you need
to know a little more about me so you wont be to shocked by my
request.  Before I fell in love with your Dad,  I told  you I was a lot like
you.  I loved sex.  I lived for sex. I wanted to fuck all the time and came
pretty close.  I fit the word slut so well, one of my boy friends call me the
gorgeous slut.  I wont bore you with the details honey but I fucked
almost everything that came along."

     Joy giggled, "You were like me.  So you met Dad and gave all that
up?  How could you?"

     "It has been difficult, especially with your Dad not taking care of me
lately.  But I managed until you set me free again last night.   Now I
know I can't do without sex,   lots and lots of sex.  I have plans now for
all of our  family and some friends too. I thought about it a lot last night. 
But what I want from you sometime baby is for us to go out and be slutty
together.  I want to fuck some of your boy friends with you.  The next
time your Dad goes out of town I want you and I to go out and fuck the
town."

     Joy giggled again and groaned, "I would love that ... Mom."

     Mary teared up and kissed Joy tenderly.  Then she said, "Now
here is how we start on your Dad. And for the next hour Mary talked
about how to tease and touch in the most subtle ways, how to give her
Dad only a brief glimpse of her in panties and bra, and nude, and in her
nighty, all accidentally until he is so hungry for you he is about to die. 
Then when he is ready I will bring him to you in this bed and I will
watch while your Dad fucks you.  He already wants you baby. I see
the way he looks at you.  It wont take long.  But tonight you stay in your
room and practice while I fuck your big brother."

     Joy laughed and then said,, "After Dad I want Bobby too."

     "Then you shall have him my pretty sexy kitten."

          * * *

     Later that evening, after a light supper with just Bobby and Mary, 
She said, "Bobby honey, come with me. Think we need to talk about
some things."

     She leaned over and took his hand. When she did she knew he
had a clear view of her bare breasts and their pink nipples.  She paused
to give him a good look down her dress and then straightened up as she
saw his cock grow in his jeans.  She led him up the stairs knowing his
eyes were on her cute ass.  In her bed room she sat on the chaise
lounge and patted the seat beside her.  As he sat down Mary was
pleased to see he sported an impressive cock, even half hard.   


     Then she touched his cheek and said, "Honey, I think you have a
little problem.   You are a good looking guy. You are bright and sexy but
as far as I can tell you never date.  You just read all of this pornography. 
I like pornography too baby but you need to do it for real.  With another
human, not just your hand."

     He blushed and his cock looked like it was going to tear through
his pants.  He just stared at Mary, not knowing what to say.  Then Mary 
continued, "You are attracted to me aren't you sweet?"  and she dropped
her hand on his leg lightly. He flinched and his cock jumped as she
touched him.

     "God Mary, I think you are beautiful.....and so damn sexy."

     "I thought so, you know I actually felt you when we hugged today at
noon.  I mean I felt your cock getting hard against me."

     Bobby actually blushed. She suspected he was a virgin and had no
idea how to react to her.  He stammered and said,  "I... I'm sorry Mary...
really.  I can't seem to help it."

     She put her hand on his mouth to shush him and then said, "Don't
be sorry baby. I took it as a compliment.  Girls like that  Bobby. Like to
know we can make you guys hard."

     He groaned and said, "Oh shit Mary, you do, I'm so hard right now it
hurts."

     "Have you ever had a girl Bobby?"

     He shook his head no.

     She looked down at his cock in his pants, outlined clearly as his
erection pointed down his jeans leg.  She stroked his leg just inches from
his cock and said,   "I can see that you are so big and hard darling. That
is where the problem comes in.  What would you think of a woman who
excites her step son like this?  Could you respect such a woman?  I
couldn't stand it if you lost respect for me."

     "Oh Mary, I would never lose respect for you... never."

     "I hope that is true honey cause you see you turn me on too. I don't
have a big hard cock like you that shows,  but I sure get wet.  My
panties are soaked right now.  Oh no, I forgot, I don't have any panties
on.  My pussy is so wet though.."

     Her hand slid up and covered his hard cock, he jumped and she
sighed and said, "Oh Bobby, your cock feels so hot in my hand. I know I
shouldn't be doing this,  I am your Dad's wife.  I don't guess you think
you could sort of share me with your Dad. Would you think that would be
OK. We couldn't tell your Dad..."

     "Oh yeah Mary, I have read lots of stories where the beautiful step
mother fucks the stepson and the Dad never finds out."

     Mary squeezed his cock and said, "That sounds wonderful darling." 
and she unbuttoned his jeans and reached in pulling his hard cock out. 
She dropped to the floor in front of him and deep throated his long hard
cock. He stiffened and came immediately.   After he came in her loving
mouth she stripped them both and led him to her bed.  The bed she
shared with his father,  shared with her stepdaughter earlier that day and
now was going to share with her stepson.  It could be Mark's bed when
he was at home... and when he was not...it was fair game.

      She showed him how to do it all that evening and  knew she loved
her step son in an entirely different way now.  It was late when he left
her bed and Mary was pleased at what an excellent student he had
been.  Her neediness for a good fuck was gone for the moment.  Mary 
changed the sheets,.showered and when she came out of the bathroom
nude and sexy, Joy was laying on the bed waiting for her, equally nude
and sexy. 

     ""I watched it all Mary. It was so hot.  You were superb. You had my
big brother performing like a champion.   He never had a chance."

     "Honey, he didn't want a chance, except to fuck me."

     Joy smiled and asked, "Do we have time?"

     "I don't know baby."  and she reached for the phone and called
Mark.  He answered and she said, "Hi, coming home tonight honey?"

     "Well Mary, I am still going at it.  Another hour at least. Would you
mind if I just stayed here tonight."

     "No that's fine Mark. Better than driving all that way so tired.  I'll
see you tomorrow."

     Oh Mary  I almost forgot, I have to pack and head for the airport
tomorrow.  Have to go to LA for two or three days."

     She just said "OK", and then,,,, "Good night Mark."  When she put
the phone down she smiled at Joy and held her arms out to her.  As Joy
moved into her arms Mary said , "We have lots of time darling, for lots of
things."

               * * *

     The next morning Mary woke up to see Bobby standing beside
her bed nude with a big hard on, looking at his stepmother and his sister
in bed together completely nude.  Mary smiled up at him and said, "Good
morning lover, lay down here beside me."

     Silently, looking from Mary's nude body to Joy's.  As he moved
against Mary she caught his hard cock in her hand.  As she stroked him
she said softly in his ear, "Honey you know how women make love to
each other right?"

     His hand was on one of her full breasts as he said, "Yeah,  eating
each other and playing."

     "That's part of it baby.  There is a lot more that I will show you
sometime.  Your beautiful sister and I started doing that together
recently.  After I had sex with Joy, I felt like I had to have you too honey.
Did you come in here to fuck me again Bobby?"

     "Yes but Joy?"

     "This is coming so fast for you baby.  Relax and enjoy this like the
fuck stories you like to read, where everyone fucks everyone else.  When
you finish fucking me again your sister wants your big cock too. Can you
handle her too honey?"

     "Oh yeah Mary,  I have wanted to fuck Joy for years."

     Then Joy leaned over and out her hand on Bobby's hard cock too
and said, "Why haven't you big brother?  I sure would have welcomed
you."

     "Gees."  was all he could say as Mary said, "Now we are all three
horny.  Bobby honey I think you should fuck your little sister first since I
already got to enjoy your big cock last night.  Fuck her dog style baby
and she can eat my pussy while you do."

     It was a long tough day and night.  They stopped for brief meals
but went right back to bed as soon as they could.  Bobby performed
admirably considering the two horny ladies he was with.

     The next morning they got dressed and left the house just to stop
fucking for a while.  They had decided to go to the beach and the ladies
wore very revealing string bikinis and Bobby a speedo that showed off
his 9 inch cock.  The beach was empty when they got there and they
soaked up a lot of sun after spreading the sun  blocker on each other,
enthusiastically. It was a good thing a beach cop wasn't around or they
would have gotten busted.

     Mary raised up and said, "Bobby honey. You are a beautiful lover
but  Joy and I will kill you if we don't get some help.  Joy wants to fuck
her Dad. Would that bother you?"

     "No, actually it sounds pretty hot.  Would be cool to watch them."

     Mary added, "Or to join in and both of you fuck Joy at the same
time, and me. I want your Dad in on these games.  I don't plan on doing
without a lot of sex ever again.  There are some others I think would be
eager to join us like the Johnsons.  Paul Johnson has hit on me every
chance he could.  His hands have spent more time on my tits and ass
than your fathers.  He hinted pretty strongly that they would like to swing
with your Dad and I.  Now that things have changed I plan on
responding a lot different to Paul and Pat and even Sherry if I get the
chance."

     Joy laughed and said, "You can have Sherry any time you want
her Mom.  She is as big a slut as we are.  She fucks her Dad regularly. 
It was when she first told me that she did it with her Dad that I first
started wanting my Dad to fuck me.  And Bobby honey. She would love
my big brothers cock in her any way you wanted it."         ..

     Bobby just grinned.

     Mary paused thinking and then said, "OK here is the plan, Joy will
seduce her Dad.  I will catch them and go fuck Bobby in anger to get
even, We will all make up and have a big dinner party and invite the
Johnsons.  We need another male, Joy honey would Tommy like to
come to dinner?"

     "Would he?   He has called me three times already wanting to
know if you and he and I could get together again. He would die for
another chance at you Mom."
     
     "OK he will get it. And also with you and Sherry and Sherry's
Mom, Pat.  He is going to be a happy young fucker."   

     Bobby was looking at them obviously wondering about Tommy, so 
Joy told him all the details.



               * * *

Epilogue

     There was a lot of preparation needed after that day.  Joy was
waiting alone in the house when her Dad got back from his trip.  She
was laying on his bed nude when he walked in.  He just starred at her
for a long time as his cock got harder and harder.  Then Joy had said, 
"Daddy, the reason I fuck so many guys is because I couldn't have you. 
Please fuck me Daddy?"

     Mark was never that strong and he did, most of that day.  As
planned Bobby and Mary walked in on them and "in anger" Mary fucked
Bobby on the bed beside them.  Mark got so hot for his wife as he
watched his son fuck her that he moved over so Mary could suck his
cock while Bobby fucked her and Joy rode up and down on her fathers
face.

     The next day Mark special ordered an even bigger bed for them
all to play in.

     As planned also Mary called Paul Johnson one afternoon and
asked him over.  It took them about thirty seconds to make it to bed and
to a nice long fuck.

     Joy brought Sherry over to join in with the whole family and
Tommy.

     Then Mary went to visit Pat Johnson on Sherry's strong
suggestion and they ended up in bed too..

     When you know what you want and it involves sex and beautiful
women the result is pretty easy to obtain.

     The dinner party was a delightful evening as you would expect.  A
nice dinner for the eight of them.  Mary led the discussion with a detailed
account of her last couple of weeks.  The f\grins around the table just got
bigger and bigger.

     Late that night Bobby was fucking his stepmother dog style.  His
hands were full of her nice tits as he slowly and lovingly slid his cock in
her  cunt that had been much used by everyone that night.  Then he
said softly to Mary, "I have this fuck book that sounds a lot like tonight. 
But then the step son suggested that it would be fun if they had a dog. 
A big male dog.  Mary came so hard she fainted under Bobby and he
had to go find Pat Johnson to finish him off.

     The end maybe

     
     If you liked this and want more, let me know - Drifter
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....