Archive-name: Changes/stephen.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Stephen's Story - How I Became a Girl


My name is now Stephanie, once it was Stephen. I would like to relate how I
was turned into a girl (really a transvestite slave) by the beautiful young
lady who has become my mistress.  I have always felt that I should have been
born a female.  I definitely have female traits. I have a very feminine voice
and I cry over the silliest things. Just like a woman would.  Cindy's
dominance over me has expanded my submissive nature.  I love Mistress Cindy
and happily submit to her every desire.  In high school, I spent two
frustrating years trying to date the opposite sex.  I found girls to be rather
disbelieving: "Go out in public with a sissy like you?  I'd rather die." At
the end of my junior years all that changed.

Cindy, easily the cutest girl in my home room class, had become my friend in
the last month or so.  She would eat lunch with me every day ignoring her
other girlfiends and the athletic jocks who always seem to follow her around.
She would call me at home and we would spend hours on the phone.  We would
talk about everything even fashion, which had always been a passion of mine.
She even like the sketches of the design I showed her.  Taking my hand the
other day she gazed steadily into my eyes and told me that I was not like the
other boys in school.  That I was very special.

The Saturday before school was out for the Christmas break she called and
invited me to a party that evening at her house.  Her parents were away for
the weekend and she ask if I would like to come over.  When I ask who would be
there, she told me just a few of her close friends that had formed a  sort of
club.

I arrived around seven and was surprised to find myself the first arrival.
Cindy was ravishing in a black mini-dress and black suede baby-doll sandals
with four-inch heels.  Pulling me by the arm into the den she quickly embraces
and French kisses me.  Her kiss was very passionate.  I was stunned and
stammered something about the other kids.  Cindy reached out and ripped my
shirt open then proceeded to try to undo my jeans.  I broke away as she said
"Take off those silly boys' clothes." I managed to utter a shocked "What?" as
she slapped my face saying.  "There's no use pretending with me, Stephen W..
I watched you for almost three years, every since I moved to this little town.
After our lunches for the last month or so you can't fool me.  Even my
father's medical books have a term for what you are.  All the jocks call you
The Sissy.  So take off your clothes.  I want to see you naked.  Do it now?
Stephanie!" she barked.

In a daze I obey.  I removed my jeans, shoes and socks and stood before her in
my underpants.  Slipping her manicured fingers under the waist band of my
briefs.  She lowered them down my now trembling thighs.  "My, my,' she
commented while looking at my privates.  "The guys were right that the puniest
looking excuse for a cock I've every seen. But such marvelous curves you have,
too pretty to hide."  She was looking with envy at my hips and bottom.  I
blushed and my little cock stiffened under all the attention.  She use my now
erect penis as a handle, leading me up the carpeted stairs.  "Tonight," she
whispered, "our little sissy Stephanie is coming out of the closet.  You'll be
a lovely girl in a little while, wait and see darling."

In her bedroom, soft and scented and piled deep with plush and lace.  Cindy
left me standing naked before a long mirror. Going to her dresser she returned
with a pair of silky panties.  I gasped as she slipped the pink pastel panties
past my thighs, tucking away my swollen genitals.  Running her hand over my
crotch my cock swelled even bigger.  Noticing how the silk bulged outward.
Cindy shook her head and patted my erection saying "This spoils the smooth
lines panties are suppose to have on a girl.  We'll have to fix that." Smiling
broadly Cindy lowers the panties to mid thigh, grasping my dick with her
dainty hand and begins to slowly masturbate me.  I could not suppress the moan
from my lips.  Cindy ask if what she was doing felt good.  Ready to erupt all
I could manage was a nodding of my head and a screeching "AAAHHHHH" as I
ejaculated.  Her eyes gleaming as she watched the sperm spurting onto the
ruffled bedspread.  The last of my cum dribble across her fingers coating them
with seminal fluid.  Licking her fingers clean she smiled at the astonished
look on my face and said "You don't taste bad Stephanie.  I hope you learn to
love the taste of my juices, some of the girls say I taste like strawberries."

Wiping my now shrunken and flaccid penis with the corner of the bedspread
Cindy pulls my panties back up.  Then she slides her hand between the back of
the panties and the cheeks of my ass.  Reaching through my legs and takes hold
of dick.  Pulling it between my legs she says "See your panties now look as if
you have a vagina in there.  Instead of this tinny little thing you call a
cock."  Looking down she was right the panties were tight and smooth in the
crotch and you could not tell where my penis was.  With my prick tucked
between my legs Cindy put a pink waist-cinch trimmed with ribbons on me.  It
fit so tight I could hardly breathe.  Touching my cheek she purred "You'll get
use to it darling and it does wonderfully things for your figure." Next she
was hooking me into a pink nylon foam padded bra with push-up design.  After
stuffing the cups with scads of her scented panties, she stepped back and
laughed.  "A pretty padded brassiere is a sissy's best friend,Stephen.  We
won't tell a soul what's in the cups."

I could only hope not, because next she found a pair of sheer pink tap pants
with garters sewn into the lacy spandex.  "I wish they looked half as sweet on
me," She sighed.  She was the most beautiful girl I had ever seen and started
to protest, but she shushed me.  "Here," she said, pushing me back on the bed.
"Let  me put your stockings on." Running her hand up my calf she said
"Tomorrow we'll shave your legs.  That way your stocking will feel really
sexy." Hooking the white nylon to the garter tabs she had he stand.  I
marveled at my reflection in the long mirror.  "You must be the cutest sissy
in the whole wide world Stephanie," she bragged and I was beginning to agree.
It felt fabulous and exciting wearing her lingerie.  Before I could speak, she
had taken a pair of pink leather high heel pumps from her closet and pushed me
back on the bed.  Slipping the pumps on my feet she pulled me up.  I rocked
uneasily in the shoes.  Cindy giggled and said "You will need a little
practice walking before you can sway your hips the way I do darling."

The last vestige of my manhood seemed to be disappearing.  I really didn't
care though.  It felt good being a girl.  I wanted Cindy to tell me again how
cute I looked and how beautiful I was as a girl.  Cindy rushed to the closet
and took down the most fabulous pink dress I had every seen.  "How do you like
it?" she asked.  I could not answer tears were filling my eyes.  Cindy
squealed and hugged me tight saying "I bought it especially for you last week
I was hopping you wanted to be a girl.  I'm so glad I was right about you."
The dress was stunning --- lacy soft puffed sleeves with a gathered crepe
bodice. Three tiers of lace for the generous skirt sashed at the waist.  Once
wearing the dress I felt just a princess.

Cindy sat me down at her dressing table, applying a liquid foundation to my
face.  She followed this with eye shadow, liner and mascara to my already
almond-shaped eyes.  She then rouged my cheeks and painted my lips a very hot
pink.  It was hard to believe that the reflection in the mirror was actually
me.  Cindy teased my long dark hair for half an hour before she had it styled
the way she wanted it.  She applied a spray net and my transformation was
almost complete.  Patting my shoulder she commented "Beautiful aren't you
Stephanie."  The jewelry she chose for me consisted of a strand of perfectly
matched pearls and a pair of pearl ear rings.  She said the ear rings were
just temporary until she could pierce my ears for the diamond studs she would
buy me later.  Kissing me she slipped her tongue into my mouth.  Frenching me
so that it took my breath away with excitement.  Breaking the kiss she said
"C'mom, lets have a beer down stairs.  We can have a little girl-talk before
the other arrive."  I had forgotten that this was suppose to be a party.

I was petrified and panic stricken. "Dressed like this!"  I cried.  Laughing
Cindy takes my hands in hers and says "Why not?  If anyone asks, you're my
cousin from out of town.  No one will recognize you, besides it only the girls
from school.  We have sort of turned to each other because we are sick of
being tread like whores.  Every boy in town thinks they can fuck you to death.
If they take you to a movie and buy you a hamburger and Coke."

"Not you thought Stephen you're special.   That why I ask you here tonight.
You're more like one of us, and not at all like those big prickhead jocks.  I
melted in the  warmth of her smile as she continued.  "You understand that a
female needs soft loving sometimes and not hard fucking.  That women also
enjoy receiving head and that to kiss someone's anus is a sign of love between
two loving people, male or female.  Let get those beers darling.  All this sex
talk is starting to making my pussy wet and you have all my panties in your
bra." Laughing she pulls me up and wraps her arm around my waist as we start
down stairs.

I had taken two sips of my beer when the doorbell rang.  "Answer It,
Stephanie." Cindy ordered.  Cautiously, I approached the front door, dreading
who might be on the other side.  The chimes rang out again, Cindy was suddenly
beside me opening the door.  Three of our classmates (Heather, Denise, and
Kim) crowed into the foyer.  Each girl quickly kiss Cindy on the cheek and
gave me the once over, trying to figure out who I was.  After shedding their
coats we all moved off toward the rec room, Cindy and myself lagging somewhat
behind the others.  Cindy whispered in my ear "You like all these girls, don't
you Stephanie?"  "OOOHHH YEEES they are all lovely but none of them can
compare with you Cindy." I gushed.  Cindy squeezed my waist tightly and said,
"Follow my lead and obey me Stephanie.  I will make you the happiest little
sissy that every lived. OK darling?" Nodding my head yes we enter the rec room
where the other girls awaited us.  Telling the girls to sit on the sofa, Cindy
stood proudly by my side and ask?   "Do any of you recognize this ravishing
beauty I've invited here tonight for our mutual pleasures." The three of them
looked at each other then at me.  Heather squealed loudly an announced to the
others "It's him the little faggot that Cindy's been sucking up to lately."
Cindy immediately slapped Heather hard across the face and told her to get out
before she beat the hell out of her.  Heather instantly started crying and
started to protest but Cindy jerked her up and shoved her toward the door.
Heather ran from the room as Cindy turned toward the others muttering "Dumb,
stupid slut."  We heard Heather's car leave almost instantly.

Putting her arm around my shoulder Cindy stared at the two girl who were
speechless.  "Kneel Stephanie," she commanded. I obeyed falling quickly to my
knees.  Patting my head she said.   "That's a good sissy.  Stay just like
that, while I explain."  "Stephen is not a faggot girls.  He's really a female
trapped in side a males body.  I spotted his femininity the first week I moved
here.  Being new I had to try out all the cocks this place had to offer.  Like
you I'm tire of being shit on.  How many times has your so called boyfriends
force you to give them head.  Then when you suggest they do the same to you,
they, freak out saying NO FUCKING WAY.  Or they fuck you until they get the
rocks off not caring if you have an orgasm or not." Both girls nodded in
agreement with what Cindy was saying.

Denise, our beautiful homecoming queen, ask  "What's he got to do with all
this!  He's got a cock doesn't he!"  Cindy looking down at me saying "I guess
will have to show them won't we, Stephanie.  Stand and raise your dress and
show them your pretty pink panties." Glancing at the expectant faces of the
now giggling girls on the sofa.  Standing I grasp the hem of the dress and
slowly bring it up.  With my lower body is fully exposed Cindy has me spread
my legs slightly apart.  Running her hand over the crotch of the panties she
says. "Although there's not a vagina in there girls, Stephen definitely
identifies with females.  I have read and studied my father's medical books.
Together we can teach him to be a girl.  He needs to be taught female anatomy.
Things like the slang and proper names of the female organs.  He needs to be
shown where the clitoris is located so he will be able to worship ours with
his lips and tongue.  Stephanie understands that females love to have oral sex
and I'm sure he eager to learn everything about the wonderful world of
womanhood."  In an instance they both jump up and rush to where Cindy is
standing with her arm around me.  Every one is talking at the same time. They
begin taking turns kissing my painted lips and fondling my body.  Each girl
has to feel the crotch of my silk panties.  My mind is in a whirl, I was
hearing such things as "His dick must be tiny if he can hide it in those
panties so it doesn't show."   "What's your dress size?"  "Have you all ways
want to be a girl Stephen?"  "Will be allowed to play with his penis Cindy?"
"When will he perform orally on us?" "My pussy dripping already." "Let's get
naked!  I want to see him without clothes." "I want to sit on his face for
hours."

Cindy puts a halt to the questions and discussion.  The girls wanted
to see me naked.  So I was marched back up to Cindy's bedroom where they
picked out the prettiest night clothes they could find.  They finally decided
on a naughty little satin and lace pinafore in baby blue with little matching
ruffled back panties that tied on the side.

Once they had my outfit chosen the girls piled on the bed and Cindy order me
to strip.  Shamelessly I did a strip tease for them.  The girls clapped as
each piece of clothing was removed.  With my back turned I slowly worked my
final article of clothing off, the silk pink panties. As the panties slithered
down my legs my erect penis sprang from between my buttocks.  Whirling around
I face them, my hard dick sticking out like a sword.   They all laughed and
snicker poking fun at my small cock.  My peter begins to deflate and I try to
hide it with my hands.  Cindy instantly orders me to put my hand on top of my
head and to spread my legs widely.  After several cutting comment Cindy comes
to me and her touch make me rock hard again.  I'm  made to kneel on the bed
and each girl was give the opportunity to play with my penis and testicles.
Kim suggest that I be made to drink my own sperm to prove that I really wanted
to be a girl.  Everyone quickly agreed it was a great idea.  They agreed that
it would show that I truly want to one of them.  I was made to lie on my back
on the bed.  My legs were brought back toward my head.  My cock was now inches
away from my face.  Denise slowly started jacking me off.  It was strange and
exciting to feel another feminine hand squeezing my rod and doing something
that until tonight I had only done to myself.   Turning my head I saw Cindy
and Kim whispering together.  They soon joined Denise, each of them took turns
masturbating me until I cried out at my approaching climax.  Sensing my
nearness to orgasm Cindy reached down and tapped my tightly clinched teeth
saying "Open your mouth wide Stephanie.  You must swallow the sperm like a
good little girl.  If you spit it out you'll be punished!"  I erupted and jets
of sperm splatter my face.  Cindy used her fingers to feed me what missed my
mouth.  The taste was salty but now I knew what a man's spunk tasted like.
Something of what a girl must go through when giving head.  When It was over
each girl kiss my lips saying "Welcome Little Sister".  After Cindy kissed me
she announce that each girl would have something new to teach me about being a
girl.  Sending me to the bathroom to clean up she said she had to something to
discuss with girls.  As I left the room they had all gather on the bed and
were whispering again.  I felt accepted by them and rejected at the same time.

After taking a quick shower, I returned to the bedroom to find Cindy sitting
at her vanity brushing her long blond hair.  She was dressed in a beautiful
green satin dressing gown that matched the color of her sexy eyes.  Seeing
that I had showered she became angry.   Glaring at me in the mirror. she
turned abruptly and shouted "Stephanie you Bitch!  I meant for you to wash off
that silly little thing you call a cock.  Not to take a complete bath.  Damn
You!!"  Tears came to my eyes immediately and I began to stammer "I'm sorry
Cindy! I didn't meant to make you angry!  Please forgive me, it won't happen
again!"  Falling to my knees I put my head in her lap and began to cry.  Cindy
stroked my wet hair saying "It's OK baby!  Stop crying!  I know that if my
orders and commands are unclear to you that in the future you will ask for
clarification.  You do want to obey me don't you Stephanie?"  Still sobbing
somewhat I managed to gasp out "OOOHHH YES CINDY!!!  I LOVE YOU AND WILL OBEY
YOU ALWAYS!!  You have showed me that I am not some freak but that girl,
females will accept me.  I feel like I belong now." Cindy leans down and
kisses my cheek then says. "I know Stephanie, you are one of us now but you
must show me the proper respect. You must address me as your Mistress from now
own and obey my every command no matter how humiliating.  You must also show
proper respect for all my female friends by calling the Miss or Ms.  Can you
do that Stephanie?" Kneeling back I lower my head and whisper "YES Mistress."
Lifting my head with her fingertips she smiles and says "That's a good Sissy
Slave.  You're Slave Stephanie from now own and you belong to me.  You must
learn to be a very obedient and submissive little girl.  My friends are
waiting to show you what it going to be like to be female.  In a few minutes
will look in on them.   Since you've washed off you makeup, I think I'll let
Kim show you how to do your face again and maybe Denise will help you pick out
a nice perfume.  First thought I have to punish you for taking a bath and
undoing all my hard work."  Reaching back she picked up her large wooden hair
brush.  This was the beginning of my live as a girl and as a submissive Slave
to the WOMAN I LOVE ---- MISTRESS CINDY.



PART II OF STEPHANIE STORY COMING SOON!!!!
--
