Steven Gets a Spanking for Tardiness (A Fantasy)


Steven and I met on-line, after he sent me a private chat message asking
if I was interested in spanking.  "You've said the magic word," I
responded, and soon we were exchanging almost daily e-mail, outlining our
fantasies.  Steven was mostly interested in being the spankee, and I was
more than happy to indulge that fantasy! 

From time to time we discussed meeting in person, but it never seemed to
work out.  Then, at last, after some months of on-line fun, Steven came to
my part of the country on business, and we decided to meet.  He was
renting a car, so I gave him elaborate directions to my house, and he
promised to be here by a certain time. 

Well, the time came and went, and no Steven.  I was pretty annoyed.

Finally he arrived at the door.  

"You are 35 minutes late, Steven," I informed him sternly.  

"Please, Isadora, I'm very sorry," he responded, and tried to give me some
lame excuse about traffic delays.  I was not amused.  This guy needed a
serious spanking, and I was just the woman to give it to him! 

"Now, Steven," I said, my voice a raw and powerful purr, "you know I'm
going to have to punish you for your tardiness.  I'm going to give you a
stroke with my paddle for each minute you were late.  How many strokes is
that, Steven?" 

"Thiry-five strokes, Isadora."  He shivered, thinking about how much his
backside was going to hurt. 

I ordered him to take down his pants, and he slowly began to undo his
belt.  "That's not fast enough," I informed him.  "Pull that belt off
immediately and give it to me." 

He behaved with alacrity.  I flexed the belt in my hands thoughtfully as
he undid his jeans.  His face red with embarrassment, he pushed the jeans
down to his knees, leaving his underwear on.  I could see his semi-erect
cock clearly outlined through the cotton jersey. 

"First I'm going to warm up your bottom, just to make sure you know who's
boss," I said.  I sat down on the sofa and pulled up my skirt, revealing
my stockinged legs.  "Come and lie over my lap, Steven," I ordered softly. 

He came over toward me slowly.  "Now Steven, I don't like this hesitancy
on your part.  You must obey me immediately, or I will have to punish you
harder."  He immediately placed himself face-down over my knees.  I could
feel his hard-on against my thigh, through his underwear. 

"If I catch you rubbing your naughty cock against me while I'm spanking
you, I will be very displeased, Steven.  Do you understand?" I asked. 

"Yes, Ma'am," he responded. 

With that, I commenced the spanking.  No mercy for this naughty boy -- I
slapped his ass cheeks alternately, and sometimes his upper thighs for
good measure.  Again and again my hand came down, and I watched his bottom
quiver under my hand as he squirmed.  I could feel that his cock was
rock-hard. 

His bottom was very warm.  I gave him a particularly hard smack, and he
cried out.  I laughed a little.  "Why, I haven't even *started* spanking
you, darling," I informed him. 

And with that, I yanked his underpants down to his knees, and rained down
a torrent of slaps on his bare backside, thoroughly enjoying the redness I
was creating.  Every so often I would stop, and feel his inhalation of
breath as he thought (with relief, or dismay) that I was finished.  Then
I'd begin slapping his buttocks again and watch his fists clench as he
tried not to cry out. 

At last I let him stand up.  He faced me as I sat there for a moment,
appraising him, enjoying the sight of his red, swollen cock bouncing a
little before him.  "There's something I'd like to teach you, Steven," I
told him firmly. 

I stood and made him turn around.  "I want you to bend over from your
hips, stick your bottom out, and spread your legs slightly.  Now, put your
hands on the back of your neck."  He did so, presenting his red backside
for my viewing pleasure.  "From now on, Steven, when I tell you to
'assume the position,' this is what I mean." 

I walked around to his side and took his chin in my left hand.  He
strained to look up at me out of the corner of his eye without breaking
the position.  Quietly and a little nastily I asked him, "you do know what
this position is for, don't you, Steven?  You know that I'm going to give
you what you need in this position, don't you?"  He nodded. 

I picked up his belt from the sofa where I had dropped it earlier.  I
snapped it a few times, watching him wince and tighten his buttocks in
anticipation of the blows to come.  Then I stroked the length of his back
with the doubled loop of the belt, whispering, "this is going to hurt a
lot, you know.  But Steven, you need this spanking, don't you?"  He nodded
again. 

Then I raised my arm and brought the belt down on his waiting backside. 
Again and again I strapped him with it, watching the red welts appear. 

SWISH!! THWACK!! SWISH!! THWACK!! SWISH!! THWACK!!
SWISH!! THWACK!! SWISH!! THWACK!! SWISH!! THWACK!!
SWISH!! THWACK!! SWISH!! THWACK!! SWISH!! THWACK!!
SWISH!! THWACK!! SWISH!! THWACK!! SWISH!! THWACK!!

I dropped the belt and told him to stand up.  He was shaking all over, his
cock still very much at attention, and his lower lip was trembling, but he
still wasn't crying.  Well, we'd soon fix that.  I felt a rush of fondness
for this tough man... I kissed him tenderly on the mouth as my hand ran
lightly up and down the length of his hard dick.  His hips tried to thrust
toward my hand involuntarily, but he checked himself. 

"Good control, Steven.  But now I'm going to have to punish you for your
tardiness, and I'm going to see how good your control really is.  Assume
the position."  He turned away, bent forward, and spread his legs. 

I fetched a long, flexible paddle and tested it across my palm, watching
his bottom jerk as he heard the loud "thwack."  Then I stepped up next to
him and whispered in his ear as I caressed the welts on his burning
behind. 

"You will take your hands off your neck and put them on your cock.  You
must stroke yourself as I punish you, but don't come unless I say so.  Do
you understand?"  He groaned, dread and desire mixed in the sound. 

"Oh.  One other thing. You will count each stroke of the paddle out loud,
Steven.  If you fail to count, I'll add 5 strokes." 

I stepped back and raised the paddle.  Down it came, making firm contact
with his right cheek, then his left, then across both thighs, then back to
his cute, red-striped ass.  He counted as I punished him: 

THWACK!! - ONE. THWACK!! - TWO. THWACK!! - THREE. THWACK!! - FOUR.

I watched his ass turn so red it was nearly purple as I gave it to him
over and over again.  Between his legs I could see him stroking his hard
cock with both hands, giving himself just enough pleasure, but not enough
to make himself come. 

THWACK!! - TWENTY-ONE. THWACK!! - TWENTY-TWO.

On and on I went, until I had given him 25 hard strokes of the paddle.  I
could see his shoulders shaking and I stopped long enough to walk around
and take his face in my hands.  Tears were rolling down his cheeks and a
sob escaped his mouth.  I kissed him softly and firmly, feeling the sobs
rack his body. 

Then I pulled away a little.  "You know you still need ten more, don't
you, Steven?"  I watched his mouth form the word "please" as the tears
rolled down his face.  I returned him to his proper position and picked up
the paddle again. 

THWACK!! THWACK!! THWACK!! THWACK!! THWACK!! 
THWACK!! THWACK!! THWACK!! THWACK!! THWACK!! 

I dropped the paddle and sat down on the sofa, exhausted.  He stayed in
position, still stroking his cock lightly, tears rolling down his nose and
dripping onto the carpet.  "Come here, darling Steven," I said, moved my
the sight of his complete submission to me. 

He approached me, trembling and weeping.  I pulled him down onto my lap
like a little child, his sore behind no doubt stinging as it made contact
with my thighs.  He sat shaking in my lap as I put my arms around him. 

I wrapped my lips around his aching cock.  My tongue circled the head as I
began to suck... within seconds, I felt him spurting deep into my throat,
as he cried out in relief through his tears.  I sucked him until he was
dry, and then held him in my arms until his sobs subsided. 
