Archive-name: Amazon/stewarde.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Airline Hostess with the Mostess, The


        Once she wrapped her long, strong legs around my neck I knew it 
was all over for me.  Her legs hadn't looked that strong, but she really 
knew how to squeeze.  In fact, she crushed my neck with such force that 
I was unconscious in a matter of three seconds.  How do I know?  She timed 
it to see how long I would last.  

        As I came to Allison said, "You are useless.  You went out in only 
three seconds.  I can't wait to see how long you last in the other holds I 
put you in.  You are mine and I'm going to enjoy taking you apart and then 
putting you back together like I want you.  You may rest for a few minutes 
and then we'll continue."

        I was flabbergasted.  This was supposed to be a normal flight to 
a business meeting and here I was being 'woman' handled by a beautiful 
stewardess.  Thank goodness the plane was not full and so the two of us 
were alone in the first class section.  I have never known more fully 
the meaning of personal service.  The rest period was not long enough 
for me to fully recover, but I'm certain that no amount of time would 
have helped.  I was not even close to being in her league in the strength 
department.  I began to recall how this had started.  It was difficult to 
think clearly, but I remembered that we had started talking with each other 
and that I had told her that I had heard that stewardesses were required 
to stay in shape or they were taken off of the flight line.  She had told 
me that was correct.  Then I asked her how she stayed in shape and her 
response was, "I lift weights, run, and wrestle with men."  The last part 
of her comment had been a surprise and I had asked her if she ever won. 
Her comment at this point was, "I have never lost to a male in any test 
of strength.  Would you be interested in trying me on for size later?"  
I had foolishly said yes, and here I was.

        I had begun to recapture some of my senses and composure when 
Allison came over to me, bent over and whispered in my ear, "I'm going 
to put you away with my arms this time.  I've really been working on 
building up my biceps and triceps.  My legs have always been strong and 
my dancing has helped to keep them very powerful.  After I knock you out 
this time, I'm going to have to get back to work.  But after we land and 
I'm off duty, we'll spend the evening together and I'll really show you 
something.  Now stand up here in the aisle and get ready for your 'nap.'"  

        I knew better than to argue with her so I stood up.  Allison 
wrapped her arm around my neck and slowly began to increase the pressure 
of her headlock.  Just as I was about to submit and beg her to stop, I 
heard her say. "Oh damn, there's the call button.  Good night, little one, 
see you in your dreams."  And she poured on the pressure.  I was out like 
a light.  It was about ten minutes before I came to.  I was sitting in my 
seat; this beautiful woman had lifted me up and had put me in my seat.  I 
was both excited and frightened at the thought of spending the evening with 
her, but I realized that I was unable to argue with her.



        The flight lasted another hour and Allison would walk by periodically,
smile and wink and flex her arm muscle for me.  Then she would shake her head 
and give a little laugh.  A few times she made comments like, "I'm really 
getting excited about tonight" and "You're mine little man, and these babies 
here are going to make mince meat out of you tonight.  I'm going to finish 
you off with my legs, but my arms are going to soften you up for the final 
crush from my legs.  Then you will be mine totally in body mind and soul. 
Feel how hard this arm is."  By the end of the flight I think a sixteen 
year old high school cheerleader could have taken me I was so intimidated.

        I thought about just going out and getting a cab to the hotel room 
and leaving Allison behind.  I guess she was wise to my thoughts because 
she said to me before we left the plane, "If you don't wait for me in the 
lobby, I'll find you and you will be in real trouble.  This will be a night 
you'll remember for the rest of your life at any rate.  If you do as I tell 
you, I'll only make you suffer a little pain and then I'll put you out.  But, 
if I have to find you, and believe me I will find you, then I'll make you 
suffer a lot of pain before I put you out.  It's your choice."  I waited 
for her in the lobby and we took a cab to my hotel.

        After we got to the room Allison told me to strip to my shorts 
while she went into the bathroom to change.  When she came out she was 
wearing a floor length robe.  She stood about 5'11" tall to my 5'6" as 
I looked up at her she untied the robe and let it fall to the floor.  My 
breath caught.  My God, she was beautiful and her body was fantastic.  She 
went into a double bicep pose and flexed her thighs at the same time.  The 
muscles rippled and popped out at me.  I guess my mouth dropped open and I 
was speechless because Allison said simply, "Well, little one, what do you 
think?  Do you think you can handle me?  I don't think you can.  In fact 
I'm sure you aren't half as strong as I am.  Let's start this session with 
you begging me to put you out with my big, hard bicep on my left arm."

        Allison then wrapped her left arm around my neck.  She didn't even 
hold on with her other arm.  She began to squeeze me with her left arm and 
I thought she was going to break my neck.  I started squirming around trying 
to get out of the hold, but to no avail.  I heard her taunting voice say,
"Look at you.  I am only using one arm and you are flopping around like a 
fish out of water.  And this is with my left arm, which is my weakest.  I'm 
not using all of my power yet and you are rapidly running out of steam."  
She gave me one quick burst of additional power and I felt light headed.  
I begged her to stop before she broke my neck.

        After a few more minutes of torture Allison said, "Are you afraid 
I'll break your scrawny neck?  Are you begging me to knock you out?  Do 
you think I can put you away with this arm?  Well, say something."  Before 
I could answer, she increased the pressure on my neck and I was out cold.  
She had done it to me and had said this was her 'weak' arm.  I knew for 
sure that I was totally outclassed by this beautiful woman in the strength 
department.

        As I came to Allison was standing straddling my body.  I looked up 
and she once again went into her muscle flexing pose.  "Not bad for a member 
of 'the weaker sex' huh, little man?  I told you I had been working on my 
arms and I feel better knowing that my 'weak arm' was able to so easily 
wipe you out.  I still didn't need, or use all of my strength to put you 
out.  I realize that you are starting to get foggy headed from all of this. 
All the guys I work over get this way.  In fact before we are through you'll 
be lucky if you remember your own name.  Now get up here and let me show you 
what the big hard bicep of my right arm can do to you."

        As I slowly got to my feet Allison walked over to me and grabbed 
me by the hair and helped me stand up.  She then smiled and put my jaw in 
the crook of her arm.  She lifted me off of the floor and flexed her bicep. 
I thought she was going to break my jaw.  Before she did, she set me down, 
put me in a half of a bear hug - she wrapped her right arm only around my 
waist and began to crush my ribs.  I tried to remove her arm but could not. 
"That's right try to get out of this.  I'm only using one arm and you can't 
even get loose.  Now I'm going to knock you out."  She crushed me to her 
and I could not breathe; so I went out.

        This time when I came to Allison leaned over me and said, "I'm not 
ready for you to come to yet little one; so back to sleep you go." And she 
slammed my face into her boobs and crushed my head until I passed out again. 
As I came to this time, through foggy eyes, I noticed that there was a cart 
from room service and a waiter was standing beside Allison feeling her flexed 
right arm. I heard her say to him, "I told you that I had knocked him out 
with my arms.  Now that you've seen and felt these babies do you believe me; 
or maybe you want me to demonstrate their power on your scrawny head.  Well, 
are you convinced?"  He frantically mumbled his belief and almost ran to the 
door to get out of there.  Allison was laughing at him when she noticed me 
getting to my feet.  "Well, well, sleepy head, I see you are awake.  I
ordered some food for us while you were 'resting.'  I know you need some 
time to recover from the power of my arms.  I told you I was going to 
soften you up with my arms, and from the looks of you, we're getting there. 
Let's eat and then I'll finish my arm power demonstration and you'll be all 
set up for these legs to work you over."

        I took as long as I could eating the rare steak she had ordered. 
We sat around for awhile and finally she uttered the words I knew were 
coming, "Ok, pee wee, the rest period is over.  It's time for me to use 
both of my arms to put you on ice.  I'm going to put you in an 'Allison 
hug', which is more powerful than a bear hug.  And I'm going to make you 
last for awhile before I put you back to sleep with this hold.  I want 
you to struggle as much as you can.  In fact, the harder you try the more 
merciful I'll be."  

        She calmly walked over to me and lifted me to my feet with a 
handful of hair.  Then she wrapped those massive arms of hers around my 
waist and slowly began to increase the pressure.  It wasn't long before 
I thought my back and ribs would break.  I was thrashing around trying 
to get loose as Allison laughed and made fun of my futile attempts to 
escape.  She would bounce me up and down and then snap her arms tighter. 
It was like a boa constrictor around my waist.  After several minutes of 
this torture, Allison squatted down, moved her hold down a little and 
then stood up picking me up off of the floor.  "Ok, I think you are 
about softened up now.  I guess in a way I feel sorry for you because 
my legs are going to break you in half and there's nothing you can do 
about it.  Say, 'please Allison, you are too much woman for me.  Please 
finish me off now with your big, strong, hard arm muscles.'"  I begged 
her to finish me off and the pain and fear in my voice was real.  She 
started to increase the pressure slowly, stopping at various points to 
watch and laugh at the anguish in my face, until I was unconscious and 
dangling limp in her powerful arms.

        I woke up feeling like a train had run over me.  Allison had 
changed into another bikini which really showed off her magnificent body. 
"Now, little one, since you have been such a good exercise dummy for my 
arms, I'm going to crush your skull with my long, powerful legs.  You may 
crawl over here on your hands and knees while I put on some high heels.  
They always make my well developed calves bulge, and they make me tower 
over you even more.  Are you intimidated by me?  That's a good little 
man.  Now stick your head right here between my calves and feel some 
real power."  My mind would not work properly.  I couldn't even think,
but I guess my survival instinct took over and I tried to argue with 
her and explain why I didn't want to comply.  But Allison would have 
none of this.  She walked over and slugged me in the stomach causing 
me to bend over, then she pushed my head down between her massive thighs. 
She raised up on her toes and I was facing her bulging calf muscle when 
she squeezed with a sudden bolt of power which knocked me out instantly. 
When I came to I was still being held between her massive legs.

        When she noticed that I was conscious she gave me a quick jolt 
of power and then let me drop face first to the ground.  "Now, weakling,
let's try this again.  Stick that stupid head between my calves."

        This time I complied and once again she rose up on her toes.  The 
flex of those pillars of power had me screaming in pain and I was begging 
her to stop almost the instant she started to squeeze.  Allison was determined
to teach me a lesson, so she reached around behind her, grabbed a handful of 
hair and stuffed my neck between her thighs.  She then grabbed me around the 
waist and pulled my legs into the air, which placed me in a combination 
'Allison hug' and a neck scissors.  

        "I'm going to crush you with my legs and knock you out.  Then when 
you come to, I'll do the same with my arms.  I'm going to keep this up until 
you are so scrambled brained that you'll do whatever I tell you to do.  I 
told you you were mine and I'm serious." 

        Crunch with the legs - out cold.  Crunch with the arms - out cold. 
She did this five times with her legs and five times with her arms.  When 
she finished, she dropped me to the floor, bent over, putting that massive 
chest in my face and said, "Now, take off all your clothes and crawl around 
the room barking like a dog."  She stood up and flexed her thigh and bicep 
and continued, "Or do you want me to work on your weak little body and brain 
some more?"  

        I stripped and started crawling around as fast as I could barking 
like a dog as Allison rolled in laughter at me.  Finally she told me to 
stop and once again raised me to my feet by the hair.  I looked up into 
her smiling knowing face and she asked, "Well, what do you think now, 
little man?  Are airline hostesses in good shape or what?  Get my bath 
water ready and then I'll let you wash me.  NOW MOVE!"  I nearly jumped 
out of my skin and I ran to the bathroom as she once again fell into a 
helpless laugh at me.

        My head and body hurt for weeks after that.  Allison and I see 
each other very infrequently, but whenever our paths cross she always 
fits in a 'workout.'  The result is always the same - she bends and 
twists me into all kinds of painful positions and then she knocks me 
out time after time after time until my brain is so scrambled that 
sometimes I don't even know my own name.  The next time you fly, 
remember this story if you plan on testing a beautiful airline 
hostess's strength.

--
