
			     STORY


     The following is a true story of what my love live has been like for
the last six months.  To start let me give a list of people who are with me
now.  We have Candy, Kim, Cathy, Larry (Larna),  and Marty (Mary)  .  This is
my harem of slaves.  Candy, Cathy, and Kim are my three girls, Larry and
Marty are my two transvestites. I met Kim in the park one day, in San
Francisco.  I had gone there just to sit in the sun, and enjoy the day .  A
young girl came up  to me (Kim) and asked for the time, I gave it to her and
we started to talk about the day and how nice it was in the park.  Having
nothing to do she and I went out to have coffee.  She told me some things
about herself, she had a small printing shop and lived with her brother.
Then out of the blue she told me she was a slave looking for a Master and
asked if she could go home with me, and she would serve me in any way I would
want. So I took her home.

She turned out to be this young thing, she is five foot three,
110 pounds, long blonde hair, blue eyes, and her measurements are
38-24-36.  When I got her home, I had her take off all her clothes
and just stand there.  I walked around her and looked her over
touching her nipples that were standing out.  I did this for about an hour,
then I told her to get dressed.  She did, but asked me why I did not to
anything more.	I told her that for the first time I only wanted to inspect
her and have her obey me.  She understood.  I told her she was to go
shopping, I gave her a list of the things I wanted her to buy, I told her
this was going to be her slave outfit and she would wear it when she was with
me.  I told her to be back at eight that night and for her to get going.


     I laid around the house all day thinking of what was to come.  At eight
the door bell rang and there was Kim, dressed just the way I wanted, I was
very pleased with her.	She had on a low cut dress, with a slit up each side,
black hose, black four inch high heels, and  I could see part of her black
garter belt through the slit in the dress. I told her to remove the dress and
let me see her.  She pulled the dress over her head and let it fall to the
floor, she had worn the bra that I had told her to buy it was a half bra
that exposed her nipples, she had put red lip stick on the tips to high-
light them.  I had her walk around the room so I could see her ass and tits
move. She really did look good	in that outfit.  I told her I wanted her to
give me a blow job, she came over and got down on her knees and took my cock
in her hand and started to lick it up and down, then she put it in her mouth
and started to suck, she was using one hand to play with my balls, lightly
squeezing them.  She worked like a tigress, sending me into exquisite
pleasure.  No matter how far she took me into her throat, she never gagged.
In fact, Kim liked nothing better than getting fucked in the throat.  I used
her mouth as though it were a cunt.  Kim was suck an enthusiastic sucker that
her heavy breathing and loud, wet sucking sounds were turning me on even
more.  When Kim felt my orgasm approaching, she held all the more tightly to
my cock and continued to suck with an ever greater determination.  When I
started to come I pulled my cock from her mouth and sprayed my cum all
over her face.	I then told her that was all for the night and to get dressed
and go, but to be back the next night.	Kim looked up at me and smiled and
and said Yes Master.


     The next day, she asked me if I could meet her for coffee at a place
near her work, she had some things to ask me.  I had nothing to do, so I told
her OK, I would see her, but she was to be dressed in her slave outfit.
 She said she was wearing it right then.  She said I am your slave
Master, and will do as you say When I got to the cafe she was setting
alone in the back waiting for me, she had my coffee waiting too.  I looked at
her and told her to tell me what she had on under her dress.  She said	she
had a open nipple bra, garter belt, black hose, and four inch heels on.  I
said ok, tell me why you asked me here. She looked at me and said she had a
problem and I could help.  Kim told me that she had a girl friend by the name
of Candy who was also  a slave in need of a master.  I asked her what this
had to do with me.  She told me that Candy wanted to be my slave too, but
there was more, she smiled and told me that her brother, and Candy's husband
were bi, transvestites and wanted to be my slave al so.  The only thing I
could do was to set there for a second or two.	I then told her to tell me
all about that was going on and not to leave anything out. She looked at
me and begin the story.  Candy and her husband worked for her at the shop,
and they loved each other but, being both submissive they could not get the
most out of their marriage.  Kim's brother had been a submissive all his life
and so had she.  They had talked it over, and it was Kim's job to see if she
could find a master for all of them.


     She told me that she would support me and every one else, and
that I would be the Master of the house, and do with them as   I wanted, I
would have complete control over their lives at all times.  I told Kim to
buy each of them the same type of slave outfit as she had.  She looked at me
and said Yes Master, is there anything more that you want me to do.  I told
her to have them over at my house at eight that night  and I would look them
over. I then got up and left.


     I went home and got out my video camera. Polaroid and a lot of film
I wanted to record this night.	I then had my shower, and put on my black
paints with the pull tabs, and black leather vest, and my black silk
smoking robe.  When the door bell sounded at eight I went to let them in.
They were all standing there with their heads bowed in submission
I told them to come in and stand in the front room next to
the wall, I was going to look them over as I talked to them.
They all meekly walked over to the wall and waited for me.
I walked over and turned on the video camera, then walked in front of
Larry.	Larry was dressed as a girl and looked pretty good, he had shoulder
length black hair, green eye liner, pink lip stick, and was wearing a pink
mini dress with black hose and four inch heels. I looked at him and asked if
he dressed like that all the time.  He told me he did at home.
but at work he had to dress as a man.  He said he wanted to dress
as a girl all the time because he felt he was one. I asked him if he
wanted to be my slave and do anything that I wanted him to do.	He said that
he did.  I told him to take off the dress and get on his knees and wait.  I
then went over to Marty and looked him over, he had long brown hair down below
his shoulders.	The makeup he had on was done very well, he had on a white
blouse and a green miniskirt, with black seam stockings, and sexy five inch
green hi heels. I asked Marty if he wanted to be my slave and he said he
wanted that more then anything else.  I ask him if he would like to be a
girl all the time, and he said yes.  I told him to take off his blouse and
skirt and stand in front of Larry I looked over at Candy and Kim and
they looked very much alike. The big difference was that Candy had long
black hair and her skin tone was darker then Kim's. They were dressed the
same with black blouses and white miniskirts, black fishnet hose, and five
inch backless hi heels.  They had taken grate care in putting on there make
up, it was done  well.	I had them come over and stand in front of me,
so I could look them over, I had them take off there blouse so I could look
at their tits.	They took off the blouses and both had on half bras and had
put lip stick on the nipples to make them stand out.  I asked Candy what her
measurements were, she told me 40-26-38, boy did she have a set of jugs on
her.  I told them both to come over and stand beside me, we were going to
have some fun.	I looked over at Marty and Larry, and told them to
start playing with their pricks, I wanted to see them hard.  Both of them
started to stork their cocks and play with their balls.  I told Kim to pull
the tab on the side of my paints and for Candy to start to stork  my prick.
The two girls when to it.   As I watched Larry and Marty get hard, I started
to play with Candy's tits, pulling on her nipples.  As Marty played with his
cock it got to be about six inches long and Larry was starting at it.	I
told Larry to suck Marty's cock.  He reached for it and  started to suck.
Marty took Larry's head in his hands and moved it up and down on his cock.  I
could tell that Larry loved it.  I let them go on until Marty was ready to
unload then stopped them.  I told Kim to get the dildo I had on the table and
to put all eight inches of it up Marty's ass.   Kim got the dildo and walked
over to Marty and had him been over and started put it in his ass inch by
inch, until she had all of it in.


     Let me have Marty tell what happen.  My Master had Larry quit sucking on
my cock and then Kim came over and started to slide the dildo up my ass and I
loved it.  Kim started to fuck me with it, putting it all in and then
pulling it almost out, she was doing this very fast.  Then my master came
over with my wife and told her to put his cock in my mouth.  The only thing
I could think of was what a beautiful looking cock,I want to suck it.
I could see his cock starting to jerk, then my wife took hold of it and
put it in my open mouth.  I started to suck on him.  I slid my lips all the
way down his cock so I could taste his cock flavor.  The Master's dick had
gotten real hard  and I could fell his prick throbbing and could see him
from the corner of my eye, I watched him kissing and playing with my wife.
This got me so hot I started to suck so hard that I had trouble standing
on my hi heels.  I new the way the master was moaning that it would not be
long, so I flicked my tongue back and forth against the slit and then started
to deep throat him.  He started to buck his hips back and fourth
as he was coming and I got a mouth full of his cum. After the master
came he pulled his cock out of my mouth and ask me, if I liked his cum, and
the fucking Kim was giving me.	I told him that his cum was the best and if
Kim keep it up I was going to cum. He told me to jack my self off and come on
Larry's face.  I looked at Larry and he had a big smile.  Kim keep fucking
me with that big dildo and I was stroking my cock.  The master told Larry to
open his mouth and catch my cum when I unloaded.  I could not take any more
and let fly with one of the biggest loads I ever had. I covered Larry's face
with it. He tried to catch as much in his mouth as he could, licking his lips
to get all the taste.


     I had walked over and sat down in my easy chair to watch
Marty, I had Candy  sit down at my feet.  After Marty came, I told Kim to
keep the dildo in his ass and for her to come over and eat Candy's cunt.  I
told Candy to open her legs, as Kim got on her knees in front of her.  I am
going to have Candy tell you about it.


     Hi I am Candy, before I tell you what happen to Kim and me,
I want to tell you about my master fucking my husband's mouth.
He had me feed his cock in to Marty's mouth and then he started
kissing me and playing with my tits, I was getting so hot I started
to have a little cum.	When he shot off in my husband's mouth I came too, I
new I had the right master.  Well there I set with my legs open and Kim in
front of me. She was not hesitant about eating me, my scent brought her
between my legs. She started to play with my pussy and fell my
ass cheeks,then she started to lick my cunt, I was enjoying this and
was about to cum when my master reached down and started to pull my
nipples. This was all I needed I came in Kim's mouth.


     Well I still had two slaves that had not got off but
they were slaves and they do what I want. I did fell good that night
so I was going to let every one  get a cum. I told Larry to come over
and lay on the floor in front of me. I told Kim I wanted her
to get on top of Larry and for them to sixty nine. I wanted to see
brother and sister go at it. Kim will tell you about it.


   Hi well there I was with Candy's come on my face waiting to get my brother's
pick in my mouth I do not know which I wanted more to have a cock in my mouth
and a mouth on my pussy or pleasing my master.	Larry laid down and I got on
top.  I took his prick in my hand and started to lick it up down, I started
to move my pussy all over Larry's face,and would you believe Larry could not
hold back and started to fill my mouth with come. We had been watching
every one else and it had got us so turned on I started to come too.


     What a night this was, all my slaves had a come, and I new one more time
for me, was in the works.  I got up and told every one to line up on their
knees in front of me, we were going to have a sucking contest and the winner
would be the one to get my cum.  As they were getting ready, I was thinking
four mouths, four ass holes, and two cunts to keep me happy.  I stood in
front of Kim, she took my cock in her pretty little hand and put most of it in
her mouth and was deep throating me.  Bobbing her head back and forth taking
my prick deep into her mouth, this is not a easy thing to do with my
nine inches of hard rod. I could only take so much of this, so I grabbed her
hair and pulled her off, and moved in front of Larry. He will tell you about it


    The master moved in front of me, I looked at that big rod
and new I was going to love it, I leaned over and began to tongue his
dick.  I loved the sensation, I tried to deep-throat him, and my
mouth felt as filled. I eagerly sucked its length, I was so
eager to get  his white honey in my mouth and throat,  I put my hands on his
ass to bring him closer to me. I wanted that cream, I had him on the brink
when he pulled out of my mouth and slapped me across the face with his rod
He moved over to Marty, he was almost ready to come, he had his prick in his
hand and started to run the tip all over Marty's face, just to tease him, after
a short time of this I new he could not make the end the line and Candy would
be left out,he told Marty and Candy to lick on each side of his cock until
he came and for the Kim and I to get around him and he would let all have a
taste of his come.  Marty and Candy  started to lick his cock an I moved
behind and started to lick his ass, Kim moved in and started to put her
tongue on the tip of his piss hole, when she did this he exploited and each
of us had a spurt of come form him until he was drained.


     I then set down in my easy chair and asked if  they were going
home or staying  the night.  Kim looked at me and said that it was
up to me, they were my slaves and under my complete control. I
asked Marty and Larry if they wanted to be girls for the rest of there
lives, and they said that being my slave an girl would make all their dreams
come true. I told Kim she would sell her business and start a new one down
the coast were I had another home. We would all live together, Kim just
smiled, I outlined how we would live, I told Larry he would be the house
keeper and Kim, Candy,and Marty would work in the new shop, and that
Marty and Larry  would start a new life as a girl and no one would know.  I
told Kim to get the blankets out and put them on the living room floor, they
would sleep there to night. Marty and Candy asked if I had time to talk
to them about one more thing, I said sure but make it quick, I wanted to go
to bed.  Candy told me that Marty had a  younger sister, she was eighteen and
lived up north.  Her name was Cathy, and she was a submissive and needed a
master too. I told her to go into the bedroom and call her and explain
what was going on, but to make sure she understood that once she became my
slave their was no turning back. As Candy went off to the bedroom I ask Larry
and Marty what they wanted to do about their selves.  Larry said they would go
to a place that would remove all their facial hair and marty new a doctor who
would give them hormone shots and breast implants they needed. Kim had
the blankets on the floor,when Candy came back into the room. She said that
Cathy understood and was packing and would be on the way down, the next day.
I said ok, we would all get some sleep and start things going when we got
up.  Marty started to take off his high heels, I told him to leave them on they
would all keep them on to night. I went off to bed.


When I got up I put on my robe, and went into the kitchen to get my self a
cup of coffee. There was Candy, looking just as good as she did the
night before, she told me,she had got up early and put on make-up she
wanted to look good for me. She had my coffee ready, so I set down at the
table and enjoyed it. I could hear the others in the living room, moving
about. Candy told me they were up cleaning the place like good slaves
should. I said good it needed it. I told Candy to call the others and for
them all to sit down at the table I had the days orders to give out. She
call the rest in and they all sat down.  I started with Kim, I asked if her
and Marty could close the business by their selves, I was going to take Candy
and Larry down the cost with me to get the new house ready, and I would
find a new place for the business.  Kim said she and Marty would have no
problems in doing that and they could wait for Cathy to come down. I told Kim
and Marty get dressed and gave them the address of my place and told them
to come down after work that night,it was only a hour drive so they would
not have a problem getting to work the next day. Kim and Marty dressed and I
kissed them good buy. I told Candy I had a special job for her, as
soon as she got dressed.  Off she went to get her clothes on, I
turned to Larry and told him to get dressed too.  When Candy came back into
the room I gave her a list of things I wanted her to buy.

After Larry was ready I told him what I wanted him to buy, he was to go down
town to a special leather shop I new, and to get things I wanted.


