Archive-name: Bestial/stormymr.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: She Was a Dark and Stormy Night Mare


Well, I'm back.  Some of you may recall me from my "First Mare" post back
in April.  Since then I've done a little bit more experimenting, which I
though I'd share with you.  Note that any names used are aliases, so if they
turn out to be really silly or lame, just be glad the horses don't have
to live with those names for real. :-)

I have been for the most part involved with Seka, a full size bay mare, and
apparantly one of the dominant females in a pen of several.  From my
and others' observations, she seems to enjoy sex, both in and out of heat,
so we've been known to dash off to the barn now and again.  She loves
attention of any sort, and can be rather insistant about it, sometimes
intercepting me as I'm heading to one of the other horses, or just
wedging her way in between me and the horse I'm fussing.  She's also the
star of "First Mare" mentioned above.

Lucy's even worse, sometimes nipping the horse I'm with just so she can get all my attention.  She generally gets shooed off for her trouble as I go off
to continue with the horse I was with previously.  Of course, I have to
go over and fuss her some later. :-) She's a good kid; she just wants all
the attention.

Then there's Jo, a mustang mare.  She's smaller than the other mares, and
I always see her skulking around away from the rest with her head low and
her ears back; hence, she's always kind of reminded me of the tough kid
at the back of the playground that everyone hates.  So of course I had to
make a special project out of befriending her.  I'd tried touching under
her tail a couple times before, but she never showed any interest, so I
gave up on that aspect and would just spend time scratching her where she
seemed to want me to and rubbing her down, and trying to keep Lucy from
chasing her off.  Sometimes I would have just come from seeing Seka, who
almost always seems to want her pussy stroked at least for a little while
once I've gotten to her itchies.  Like everyone else, Jo's always interested
in that smell on my fingers, which I would let her sniff on for a while
before hunting down her itchies.  This had been going on for a couple
weeks I guess until one surprising night.  I had done much the same as
usual, scratching her all over after letting her sniff the smell of Seka
on my hand, when she cautiously but unmistakeably offered her rear to me.
It almost seemed like she was curious about what it was I, a human, was
able to do that cause Seka to return to the pen at times with her tail
high and her scent on my hands.  I, on the other hand, had completely
dismissed any such possibilities with Jo.  Lightly I reached under her
tail and stroked gently downwards.  Sure enough, there was a slick line
of lubricant between her labia, and it took no effort for me to slide
a finger in and move it around.  I let her get used to the feeling as I
gradually upped the number of fingers in her, sliding them in and out.
She kept her tail to the side and stood still, and one by one the other
mares came over and gathered around to see what was going on.  In a few
minutes I was able to get my hand in  and start working on getting my
arm in.  Even when Lucy came up, Jo remained still and in place, and I
began to thrust, slowly at first, then faster as my arm became slick
with her moisture, being careful not to hit the far wall of her vagina.
Moans began escaping her, and the crowd closed in around us, their
lips curled up in Flehmans' (one, in fact, took on a permenant Flehman's
the whole time).  Still I kept thrusting, varying my speed, sometimes
stroking the bottom wall of her vagina, until finally she stepped forward,
which I took to mean she'd had enough.  I stepped away from the bobbing
heads and back up to Jo, who was looking back at me like, "Damn!"  I
let her smell her own juices before rubbing her back and neck down.

The next night I took her from the pen, after checking her receptivity,
tied her to a tree nearby, and made love to her until she signalled she
was satisfied by moving forward away from me again.  Then I took her back
into the pen and all hell broke loose, as I was nearly knocked over just
trying to get her halter off.  Hooves kicked up dust so that I could
barely tell one horse from another.  Apparantly the rest of the mares
were upset that this little subordinant was getting some kind of special
treatment, so I ran out amongst them until I could find Jo among them.
and blocked their charges.  Fortunately I wasn't alone; Jo's daughter,
Crystal, was helping guard her.  I was just afraid they were going to
kick the shit out of her if I left her, so I stayed until they finally
calmed down, fifteen or twenty minutes later, sometimes taking them by
the head to force them to stop.  When all seemed under control, I patted
Jo on the neck and left the pen, staying a few minutes longer to watch
from a distance and make sure they didn't start up again.  We both escaped
any injury, thankfully.  Since then Jo's been actually friendly to me,
even coming up to me (as long as Lucy's not near), which I'd not seen
before.  I'm not sure if it was the intimacy or my blocking the rest
of the mares that night, or possibly the both.  That night also seemed to
mark the end of her heat, and she didn't show signs of interest in sex
until her next heat, which started a couple nights ago.  And she was
far from subtle about announcing it to me, practically running me over
backing into me with her tail aside.  Oddly, though, no matter what I
do, whether trying to get my hand in or merely stroking her labia, she
turns around after a minute or two, then after a minute allows another
minute or two of whatever, and so on.  I've not figured out why.  She
was apparantly quite a frustration for stallions for doing the same thing
to them, effectively walking them all over the pen while mounted.  It
almost seems like she has conflicting desires.

As an aside, after that first night with Jo, I came back inside and
brandished my sticky arm at Wrangler.  "You'll never guess who."

"Crystal?"

"Nope.  Jo."

"JO???"  He boggled for a few moments, then seemd to regain his composure.
"Of course the real challenge," he continued as if passing the event off,
"would be Lucy."

The next night I returned with a juice-coated arm and asked him, "Which
one did you say would be a challenge?"

"Lucy," he replied.  "Wait a minute--get back here!" he suddenly added
as I started to walk out with a shit-eating grin on my face.

During my nightly visit, I decided to see how Lucy would respond to such
an advance.  I touched under her tail, lightly as usual, which was greeted
by a tail clamping down.  I would have drawn back and left it at that had
she not immediately raised her tail a bit, as if she'd changed her mind,
or I had taken her by surprise at first.  Once again, a slow start, just
gently stroking her labia.  Her tail raised a bit further, a good sign.
I slowly worked myself further into it, and she assumed "the stance" (legs
spread slightly and tail out of the way).  I took her all the way with
my arm for a while then slowly withdrew.  She hadn't gotten as into it as
either Seka or Jo, seeming more bemused by it, but liking it OK.

A few times when I've gone in to see them at night, some of them are
lying down, though awake.  I've tried lying down up against some of them.
Seka, much to my surprise, seemed quite annoyed by it, though Wrangler
said he's lain down with her several times.  Jo seemed rather uncomfortable
with the idea.  Oddly, the only one who seemed not only not to mind, but
actually enjoy my presence while she was lying down was the only mare
who's shown no interest in sex so far, Crystal.  Crystal's a big, friendly
gal, and I love her to pieces anyway.  I came up to her, talking quietly
to her, and scratching slowly along her neck.  When I settled in next to
her and stretched my arm over her torso, she turned to look at me, sniffed
my leg, then gradually rested her head on me and seemed to almost fall.
asleep.  Just an absolute sweetheart the entire time, moving very gently
whenever she wanted to shift positions slightly, and resting her head
on me.

I've not tried it with Lucy yet; Jo and Seka don't seem to mind me being
around while they're laying down, they just don't seem to like the idea
of me resting against them.  On the other hand...

After another frustrating night with an indecisive Jo, I finally went over
to where Seka was laying down.  She looked at me casually as I walked
up to her backside, then perked up when she felt the wet washcloth I had
with me to clean off horselips wash hers off.  She watched me with ears
up and forward as I entered her.  Something of a quicky since it was late,
but we both enjoyed it.  An interesting position; that was the first time
I'd tried it with the horse lying down, and I must say I quite like it.

--
