STORM SURF By Mike Meyer


Early one morning I drove north to Huntington Beach, California for a  ild  
weekend of surfing and partying not too long ago. The tunes were blaring  rom  
my truck as I cruised along the freeway, nursing a brew and thinking about he  
storms that hit Mexico earlier that week and the massive swells that were   
reaking all along the coast.

Arriving at the beach around 5 am, I parked my Blazer at the south end of  
untington near the jetty. I got out of the truck and stretched my legs a  oment
before unpacking my surfboard and wet suit and guzzled another beer  while  
getting ready to head out into the cool, pounding surf that was crashing  in  
the distance.

In no time at all I was into my wet suit and was heading down to the  water.  
Walking across the white sands, I staring intently at the size of these   
humongous swells; they were breaking at 6-8 feet inside, fair form, with the   
largest waves cutting outside at 8-10 feet. It was an awesome sight indeed!

I stood on the beach and watched the waves for awhile, mesmerized by  their  
murderous power. Grabbing my board, I headed down the beach to the jetty  where
the surfers sometimes go to get a view of the prevailing offshore  conditions  
and watch the waves.

As I walked to the jetty, I spotted this incredibly foxy surfer standing  at  
the very end of the rocks just gazing out onto the ocean. He looked about 23  
years old and stood around 6-feet tall and was wearing a tight summer wet suit 
that hugged his body nicely, showing off his lean, hard, muscular physique. He 
had short dark hair, prominent facial features, and dark piercing eyes. I   
watched him, admiring his strong, masculine appearance until I finally arrived 
at the foot of the jetty.

Setting my surfboard down on the sand I climbed onto the jetty, jumping  from  
rock to rock out to where this guy was standing. As I made my way over the  
rocks, this hot surfer unzipped his wet suit and pulled it down to his waist   
exposing his chest and stomach to the sun's rays while the suit still stretched
tightly over his ass and legs. His broad shoulders and thick, wide lats tapered
down to his trim waist and muscular obliques. I stared intently at him for a   
few moments before speaking to him.

"Hey, how's it going!" I said, quickly running my eyes up and down the  length 
of his body.

"Great!," He said, looking straight into my eyes, "How you doing?"

"Couldn't be better, man!" I replied, "by the looks of these waves it was worth
the drive up here."

"Yeah, some massive swells here, I just got back from The Wall and they  were  
breaking at 8-10 feet offshore!"

"Sounds hot," I smiled mischievously, "I'll have to check it out later  this  
morning..."

"My name is Tony," he said.

"I'm Mike," I replied, firmly gripping his hand.

He smiled then turned to gaze at the ocean. Suddenly, he pulled off his  wet  
suit, rolling it down over his butt and legs, then bent over and pulled the the
suit free from each ankle. The tight, firm curves of his butt followed the   
definition to his large muscular legs. I gazed at this hot young dude bending  
over in front of me. His hard-developed calf muscles flexed out, outlining   
every fiberous muscle beneath his smooth, taught skin.

Standing there naked on a public beach, he picked up his wet suit and  banged  
it against the rocks a couple of times, shaking the sand loose from his  suit  
as I followed the hard curves from his neck down to his back and butt with my  
eyes. He was incredibly hot!

He tossed the wet suit over his board and turned to face me as we talked on  
about the surf. Occasionally my eyes would wander away from his handsome  face 
to sneak a peak at his smooth hard pecs that stood out from his chest in   
well-defined angularity. His stomach muscles rippled down to his hard flat   
belly, curving gracefully between his highly developed obliques. When he turned
away I stared down at his hairless white ass, the only part of this guy that   
wasn't tan, and imagined what it would be like to get inside of him. Then this 
young punk turned to face me once again and I couldn't help but gaze down at   
his large, soft cock flopping around between his legs; That tight, firm body   
coupled with his dark, piercing looks and short cropped hair made for one hell 
of a picture. He was perfectly hard and smooth with a small trail of hair   
leading from his belly button down to his bushy dick and the short dark hairs  
on his legs crawled along the muscles in a perfect pattern that matched his   
looks.

We stood there on the jetty for a moment and looked out onto the ocean.  Tony  
ran his hand through his short wet hair, resting it behind his head and  sighed
before picking up a small white towel near his surfboard and wrapping it around
his waist. Then he grabbed his board and wet suit and we started walking back  
to the parking lot, talking about the waves and the swells that broke last  
week.

As soon as we got to my truck, I stuck my board in the back and peeled  off my 
wet suit, rolling it over my butt and pulling it from my legs then  tossing it 
on top of my surfboard. I walked over to the driver's side and  pulled out a  
pair of white cotton shorts that were stashed under the seat and  slipped them 
over my legs and up around my waist. I didn't know if I'd be going out at  
Newport, but was going to head over there next just to check out the  action. I
had to see if it was as good as this guy was telling me.

Walking around to the back of my truck I pulled out a couple of brews and  
handed Tony a beer. "Thanks" He said, pulling back the tab. "Man, this has been
an incredible morning."

"Really.. think I'll check out The Wall and see what's happening there."  I  
replied.

He looked at me for a second, then said "I'm heading back there right  now,  
wanna come with?"

"Sure," I said without hesitation, "Let's bail!" And with that, I grabbed the  
cooler, locked the truck, and then walked over to Tony's van and tossed the  
cooler in the back along with his surfing gear. Tony discarded the towel,   
tossing it into the back and slipped on a pair of swim trunks. Then We piled   
into the van and took off to The Wall in Newport Beach where the waves were hot
and juicy.

Within fifteen minutes we arrived at Newport and parked near The Wall so  that 
we could see the waves from his van. While checking out the massive swells  
breaking offshore, I turned and looked at Tony. My eyes quickly felt the smooth
firm curves of his warm physique, and I knew this must be lust. "You want   
another brew?" I asked, feeling buzzed and horny.

"Sure." he replied, "Wanna smoke a J?"

"Why not..." I said, "I'll get the beers."

When I returned, Tony pulled out a joint and lit it up. He puffed on it  until 
the cab was filled with a sweet smell and thick smoke. Then he passed it  to me
and I inhaled the drug in deep, powerful drags. The first toke nearly  killed  
me as I didn't smoke weed very often, and now my head started buzzing  hard  
from the beer and weed. I handed him the cigarette, still holding the  smoke in
my lungs and gazed down to his crotch area. My eyes slowly moved over  his  
muscular legs and my cock began to stiffen. I sat there in the seat feeling  
totally relaxed, dazing out as we passed the cigarette back and forth a few   
more times. My heart was racing now as I thought about reaching out and   
grabbing this guy by the crotch.

Finally, after getting up the nerve I placed my hand on his knee and felt the  
warm muscles of his legs as I slid my hand further up, squeezing gently.  Tony 
did not move or say anything at first but rather sucked on that cigarette   
while my hand slowly found it's way to the edge of his swim trunks. I was real 
hot for this guy and so it was a great relief to find him reciprocating with   
his hand on my knee!

Making sure there was nobody around first, I moved my hand up his leg and slid 
two fingers under his shorts, inching my way toward his hot dick. It felt  so  
good under my hand, his tight warm body as I reached under and fondled his   
throbbing cock. The large organ pulsed with life as I squeezed it and then   
stroked his balls. He dropped the cigarette in the ashtray, reached over and   
placed his hand on my shoulder. Our eyes were glazed over and the electricity  
between us was immense. I moved toward him and leaned over to kiss this hot   
stud when we heard a Volkswagon pull up along side us in the parking lot.   
"Fuck!" He shouted, "Come on, let's go into the back..." I smiled and followed 
him to the back of the van and sat down on the edge of a bed that was built in 
the back along with a refrigerator and a few other amenities of home.

Tony swung his surfboard off the bed and put it at the foot of the  mattress.  
He sat down on the edge of the bed and I wrapped one arm around his  waist and 
the other hand around his shoulder and back and leaned forward,  pushing him  
back and kissed him full on the mouth. I rubbed my smooth body up  against his,
feeling his body with my legs, slowly rubbing and stroking his  firm, smooth  
build with my tongue and hands. My cock was pressed tightly  against his body  
as I laid there on top of him, soaking in his masculine  sensations...

Suddenly he pushed me away from him and rolled over on top of me. I felt  his  
stiff erection straining beneath his shorts so I pulled them down his butt  and
he worked them down to his ankles, slinging them to the floor. Flipping  over  
and behind him, I wrestled with this stud until I was firmly in control by  
wrapping my arms around his chest and straddling his legs with mine in a   
competition of strength. By now we were breathing heavily and Tony was no   
longer resisting so I loosened my hold around his chest and ran my hands down  
over his hard pecs and belly. He laid there pressed against me, his arms down  
to his sides as his upper body rose then fell in time with his breathing. I   
slid my hands down to his waist then between his legs and felt his warm, hard  
cock jump at my touch. As I was feeling him out, Tony rolled over off me and   
laid on the bed in spread-eagle fashion, resting both hands behind his head. It
was quite a sight! I moved over and lifted myself up and hovered over him for a
moment before slowly descending upon his hot, naked body...

Positioned between his legs and moving upward, I slid over his stomach  and  
planted my face directly on his pectoral muscle, pressing my hard cock  against
his inner thigh. I put my arm across his chest and gently sucked on his tit,  
playing with my tongue until it stood erect in my mouth. I ran my tongue  over 
his chest to his other tit and sucked it hard until it was just as erect.   
Moving down slightly, I stroked his hard, flat belly with my fingers and   
massaging his smooth, dark skin with my tongue.

Next, I curled my fingers around the stiff, warm member and stroked it  slowly,
up and down as it throbbed with life. When I squeezed it, a few drops  of  
wetness spilled from the hole. I massaged the cockhead, spreading the  pre-cum 
fluid over the tip with my thumb, lubricating the hot member with his  own  
clear, pre-cum fluids.

Not pausing for a moment, I slithered down his body until I was at the  base of
his cock. The large member stood erect and dripping as I ran my tongue  over  
his dick, lightly touching the hair inbetween his legs. While gently  sucking  
his balls, I caressed all of this hot young stud with my fingers,  mouth, and  
tongue. I went down upon the stiff member and guided the head into  my watering
mouth, licking, tasting, and swirling my tongue around the hot  throbbing cock.
I sucked him slowly, moving up and down the long shaft, sliding my lips and  
tongue over his rock-hard cock. It felt good in my mouth and I  wanted to bring
this hot stud to a climax so I started sucking harder and  faster, sweeping my 
tongue over his cock and my lips over the soft part of the  shaft. I sucked  
long and hard, taking in his entire length until we were both  going crazy with
excitement! At the same time, I ran my hands over his legs  feeling his strong 
athletic musculature, on up to his lean, tight belly and  hard, hot pectoral  
muscles.

Then he began rotating his hips in a circular, forward motion while  groaning  
and breathing heavily. I sucked him radically, siphoning the pre-cum  fluid  
from his dick and nibbling on the head until he was pleading for mercy.  His  
groaning became louder as he thrust his hips forward in rapid, even  strokes. I
stopped all movement and let him push his cock in and out my mouth.  I slid my 
hands up over his stomach and caressing the smooth hard curves of his body. His
heart beat faster and faster with each and every sweep of my tongue  over his  
cock and I knew that he was about to climax any moment.

Clamping my lips around his throbbing member, I waited for him to  complete his
wild climax. He gasped and mumbled to himself, wrapping his legs  around my  
upper body and gripping my muscles firmly. "Oh Fuck!" he yelled,  throwing his 
head back. I went down on him, sucking in his entire length while  holding him 
tightly with both hands. My fingers curled around the sides of his  waist as he
pumped his hips furiously.

"Oh my God!" He yelled, "I'm cumming! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Then this handsome stud shot his first load of hot cum in my mouth and  nearly 
gagged me! I knew he was cumming but the force of his climax was totally  
unexpected and I almost choked on that fucking wad as it spurting out the tip. 
He thrust his hips forward and strained every muscle while thick, hot cum   
flowed from his long, meaty shaft.

Releasing my tight grip around his cock, It flipped out of my mouth and  fired 
the hot, male juice over my face before slapping loudly against his  belly. I  
watched as his firm stomach muscles flex and strain with each shot as  the warm
cum squirted across his chest and stomach, drenching us both in his  wetness.

I reached up and placed my hands on his belly and spread the hot cum over and  
across his dark, steamy definition. As I sucked his balls, the wet,  turbulent 
flow subsided and the remaining juice pooled near his belly button.  We were  
relaxed and feeling sleepy as we lay there silently, I between his legs and him
against the pillow. I laid my head down on his leg next to his cock and rubbed 
my semi-stiff penis against his other leg, caressing his smooth, hard   
definition. He felt real good under my fingers as I massaged his body in slow, 
circular movements with my hand. He looked real good lying back on the bed and 
so I started licking the cum off his cock, tickling it at the same time with my
tongue.

I rolled off of him and laid back against a pillow on the bed when he  reached 
over and placed one hand on my chest, slowly rubbing it back and forth  over my
pecs and stomach. His strong, sensitive hands felt excellent on my  muscles,  
and I was in lust when Tony slipped his fingers beneath the waistband  of my  
shorts and pulled them down my legs and over my ankles, tossing them on  the  
floor. The combination of beer and smoke were wreaking havoc with my head  as I
laid there totally relaxed and soon I had drifted off into a restful  sleep.

Sometime later I awoke and found myself lying on my back with my legs  spread, 
still naked, and covered only with a sheet. I felt this wonderful, wet   
sensation coming from between my legs so I grabbed the edge of the sheet and   
snapped it off my body to find this guy going down on me! It felt great, his   
tongue on my cock and his hands on my legs. I knew this was it. It felt fucking
wonderful.

Closing my eyes and lying motionless, I relaxed and enjoyed the  incredible  
feeling of this young stud going down on me. When he ran his hands  across my  
stomach I was certain I would explode and shoot my hot cum in his  mouth! I  
kept my control, making it last, relaxing every muscle while he moved  his  
hands on up to my chest, feeling my erect nipples, then back down to my  legs  
again. Early in the morning or just after waking up was the worst, I have  no  
control during those times. I knew I wasn't going to last very long!

I was enjoying this immensely; every sweep of his tongue felt incredible  and  
caused the muscles in my body to contract slightly each time he went down  on  
me. My breath quickened and my heart beat rapidly while he resumed his slow,  
hot, rhythmic blow job. Just as I was ready to explode, I tightened my groin   
muscle to close the shaft and keep from cumming. I wanted this feeling to last 
but knew I couldn't hold it much longer...

Tony really enjoyed sucking me as much as I enjoyed being sucked. He ran  his  
mouth all over my cock, running that tongue up, down and over the large  shaft.
I wanted to cum but I held back until he ran both hands up my stomach  and over
my chest and this was it, the feeling of his hands on my smooth, naked body was
too much to handle.

I gasped and felt a steady stream of hot juice flowing up the long, thick shaft
and gushing out the head in one mighty explosion. He clamped his mouth  around 
the shaft and placed his hands on my waist, groaning slightly as he  sucked the
tip of my dick and ran his hands over my belly. My cock began  shooting wild  
and rapidly - enormous wads of cum fired from my member in one  insane climax. 
The hot liquid spurted out for what seemed like an eternity. I  breathed  
heavily as he kept his lips tightly wrapped around my pumping muscle,  drinking
in the whole load. This kid was taking in everything I could give! He  siphoned
the fluid from my head and wimpered slightly at the magnitude of my   
ejacutlation. He grabbed my cock in both hands and held it steady inside his   
mouth while the warm fluid spewed out...

The torrential flood finally slowed down but my head was was still  buzzing  
from the beer as a few last exhausted thrusts pumped out more fluid. He sucked 
gently, sliding his lips up and down my cock a few last times taking in  every 
drop! My cock was getting soft rather quick and I was tired.  We laid there for
a moment and rested before Tony slithered up my body and gently  nibbled on my 
pecs. I felt his hard, wet, warm cock pressed against my soft one while I  
rubbed my legs up against his warm, muscular calves -  Our forms  entangled  
together in a mass of flesh and fantasy.

Tony looked at me with those dark, piercing hawkeyes that so deeply  penetrated
the center of my being.

"Mike," he said.

I gazed at him and answered "Yeah."

All I cared about was being with this guy. Nothing else mattered except  being 
close to Tony and having him close to me.

My mind started drifting off into some faraway land when Tony smiled  
mischievously and said, "Your turn.."  I was in love...


THE END
