                      Rape in the Storeroom
                        by Larry Lawrence

     I'm just about average in every possible way.  And the ways
I'm not average, I'm below average.  I went through high school and
college with all C's and B's.  I married an average looking woman
when I was 24 and we have two average kids.  I have an average job
making average money at an average engineering company.  Not that
I'm an engineer.  I just help out in the office.  I don't really
have a title, but if I did I guess it would be gofer.  I've worked
here for eight years and while I don't think anyone's ever really
noticed me.  But I've noticed them.  Especially those great looking
secretaries who are always putting out for the engineers and big
wigs.  And the best looking of all of them was Kelly.  She's been
here for two years and according to rumor, she's fucked every up
and comer in the place.
     She hadn't ever glanced my way, of course.  That's what makes
my story so incredible.  One day, I had to go get some old
blueprints out of the store room.  When I walked into the store
room, I saw Kelly down on her hands and knees, burrowing under the
lowest shelf between a couple of boxes.  It was obvious she was
looking for something.  As she rummaged around, I appreciatively
watched the way her butt was wriggling around.  I didn't even
realize what I was doing as I locked the door and walked up close
behind her until my feet were on either side of hers.  Then I
lowered myself down to my knees and pushed my groin against her
ass.
     In surprise, Kelly gave a squeal and a little jerk which
resulted in her bumping her head on the shelf.  I heard her calling
back, "Is that you, Jim?  Jim, let me up.  Jim?  Jim?"  I was a bit
amused that she would think of Jim first.  Obviously there was some
history here that I wasn't aware of.  I was even more amused when
she started saying, "Larry.  Is that you, Larry.  Dammit Larry.  I
know its you.  Let me up."  Then, after another brief pause. 
"Eldon?  Is that you?  Who the hell is this?"
     I figured that like the old saying says, discretion is the
better part of valor, so I said nothing.  My only response was to
reach up under her and cup my hands over her tits.  That started
her on a new litany of names.  I was really surprised at some of
the people she mentioned.  The way she said their names made me
think that the idea of them grabbing her by the boobs wasn't
anything new or shocking.  I think ol' Kelly must have been a busy
girl.
     I undid her blouse and popped her titties out of her bra so
that they were hanging down below her.  God, she had a great set of
jugs.  They were large and meaty, dangling like teardrops, and
tipped with large areolae and tiny nipples.  I was wishing that
there was some way I could get my mouth down to them, but I had to
be content with squeezing them in my hands.  I was aware that she
was trying to twist her head around to see who was taking such
liberties.  She wasn't having any success, but I didn't want to
take any chances so I pressed even tighter against her ass to push
her up a bit further.
     That made it a bit tricky to get her skirt pulled up over her
ass, but I kept tugging until I had it rolled up around her waist. 
She had on a pair of pale blue panties that were so lacy I could
see her slit through them.  It was the most beautiful sight!  Her
tiny little ass was pushed up in the air for my inspection.  I just
kept rubbing my hands on her ass cheeks and giving them an
occasional squeeze.  At last I couldn't stand it any longer, and
besides, someone might try to get in anytime, so I started working
her panties down.
     When her pussy lips came into view, protruding from between
her legs, I couldn't help but to gasp.  I pried my hand in between
her legs so I could rub her snatch.  The heat and odor emanating
from between the fleshy folds of her pussy was absolutely
intoxicating.  Her pubic hair was as soft and downy as her flesh
was delectable.  I was in a fever of pure lust.  If someone would
have walked in on us right then, I don't think I could have
stopped.  They would have had to get a crowbar to pry me away form
her.
     I guess you're wondering what Kelly was doing all of this
time.  She was dividing her attention between trying to wrestle her
way out and guessing who was so crudely invading her privacy, so to
speak.  She was equally unsuccessful in both attempts.  All in all,
I thought she was unbelievably calm.  Her most violent protest was
when I figured out that the only way I was going to get her panties
off was to tear them off, which I did.  She raised a real howl at
that, complaining about their expense.
     I really regretted the lack of time and privacy, but you have
to take what you can get.  I inserted a finger into her, delighted
at her moistness.  I couldn't wait anymore, so I unzipped and
pulled my hard-on out.  As I pressed slowly into her cunt, I felt
her legs involuntarily part a bit to improve my access.  At last I
was buried in her.  Jesus, was she tight!  I don't think my wife
was ever that tight.  Hell, I don't think my wife would be that
tight if I tied her legs in a knot.
     I was amazed at my control, especially in view of her
astonishing physiology.  I fucked her for a good five minutes
before I felt I felt myself start to tighten.  Kelly must have been
able to tell, too.  She started questioning me, "You've got a
rubber on don't you?  You better have a rubber on.  It doesn't feel
like you're wearing one.  If you're not wearing a rubber, you
better pull out.  Don't you cum in me!"  I don't know if her
concern was for birth control or safe sex, but I didn't give a
shit.  Here I was, raping a woman (even if she didn't seem too
concerned about it), and she thought I was going to pull out.
     If anything, her apprehension only heightened my arousal so
that when I finally did shoot off, I must have sprayed a quart. 
She felt it, too, because while she started off cursing me, soon I
heard her saying, "It's hot.  Oh, it's so hot."  To my delight, I
felt her starting to quiver and I knew she was cumming as well. 
She must have gotten off really well, because she collapsed in a
heap.  I used the opportunity to zip up and quickly exit.
     I stayed where I could keep an eye on the store room door.  It
was almost five minutes before she came out.  When she did, she
looked mad as hell.  I watched as she walked up to Jim's desk.  I
was too far to hear what she was saying, but it was obvious that
she was berating him.  It was equally obvious that he was totally
confused.  At last he must have said something to convince her,
because she shut up and they looked at one another with bewildered
looks on their faces.  Suddenly, he burst out laughing.  That
pissed her off even more, and she stomped away to the women's room. 
To clean up a bit, no doubt.
     Kelly must have accused some of her other boyfriends, and they
must have talked as much as Jim did.  For the remainder of the
afternoon, and even the rest of the week, the story about somebody
fucking Kelly in the store room was the hot topic of conversation. 
Even now, over two months later, people bring it up from time to
time.  Just as a joke.  Nobody figures it was rape, because they
all think it was some guy around here she's been putting out for
anyway.  Someone who was playing a joke on her.
