              DEBI & FRANK, Chapter I
                             NixPix 303/920-1263
     I  had just finished a shift a work, actually I was  getting 
home  a couple of hours earlier than I normally did, but  I  knew 
I'ld pay for it later, I always do.  

     I  pulled my vette into the driveway in front of  my  house, 
got  out and walked up to the door.  As I reached for the door  I 
noticed it was ajar. 

     Cautiously  I pushed it open, withdrawing my 9mm  from  it's 
holster as I did.

     The living room was a mess, my VCR and TV sat in the  floor, 
the rear patio door was open.  I walked over and carefully looked 
out  into the yard. In the distance I could see a beat  up  black 
van as it sped down the street with it's lights off.   Obvisously 
I had surprised the thief.

     Cursing  I placed my pistol back in it's holster and  walked 
to the phone to call a unit to come out and write everything up. 

     As  I reached for the phone, I froze as a whispered  woman's 
voice came upstairs,

     "Jessie," she whispered, "hurry up, he'll be home soon!"

     Carefully,  pistol  drawn  I made my  way  silently  up  the 
stairs.   As I reached the top landing I could see what  appeared 
to  be, a woman, dressed in jeans and a flannel shirt with a  ski 
cap  over  her  head, her back to me, as  she  searched  my  desk 
drawers.

     Leveling my gun on her back I shouted, "Freeze, bitch!"

     Her searching stopped, slowly she straightened.

     "Allright,  put  your hands on your head,  and  spread  your 
legs."

     "Please Mister," she pleaded, "this wasn't my idea.."

     "Shut  up," I yelled, "You should have known better than  to 
break into a cop's house."

     She  stood quietly, as I walked up behind her, cautiously  I 
cuffed  her left hand bringing it down behind her before  roughly 
pulling down her other hand to join it.  Once cuffed, I swung her 
around.

     Removing  her ski cap, I just about fell to the  floor,  She 
was  beautiful! Golden blonde hair, soft tanned skin  with  thick 
cocksucker lips.  Tears formed in her eyes,

     "Please mister, I didn't know you were a cop," she sniffled, 
"Jessie made me do it, he told me it was either this or I had  to 
start walking the streets"

     As she pleaded I looked her over, she couldn't be a day over 
19. The top 3 buttons on her shirt were open, teasingly  exposing  p<@8 
her young, firm uplifted breasts, cleavage disappearing down into 
her  shirt, a thin layer of musky perspiration lay on  her  skin, 
her  breasts  risng and falling in time to her  rapid  frightened 
breathing.

     "Please mister,"  she pleaded, bringing her big blue eyes up 
to peer into mine, "I'll do anything, just ANYTHING... if  you'll 
let me go."  Staring at me she slowly licked her lips, leaving  a 
wet sheen on them.

     I hesitated only briefly before taking her headd in my hands 
and  pressing  her lips to mine, she resisted  only  slightly,  I 
thrust my tongue deep into her mouth, she sucked it wantonly.  As 
we  tongue  fucked  I  dropped my hands  to  her  breasts,  their 
firmness  surprising me, I squeezed them before roughly  pinching 
her  taut nipples through the coarse cotton, she whimpered  as  I 
twisted them, but didn't pull back. 

     My   cock was now painfully rigid in my pants. I broke  from 
her then, grabbing her  shirt I ripped it open, buttons flying in 
all directions. She gasped, fear  on her face.  Her tits standing 
full  and proud, slightly swaying from the  rough movement.   Her 
small  nipples, now reddened from my pinching, were fully  erect, 
as were the little 
goosebumps on the dark part of the nipples. 

       "Anything  can be quite a lot," I hissed at her as I  took 
off my shirt  and unzipped my fly, "Get on your knees!"

       Still handcuffed she went down, ungracefully to her  knees 
in  front  of the  desk.  Now naked, I sat in the desk  chair  in 
front of her.  

       "Not only will you do EVERYTHING," I taunted, "but  you'll 
do  it  very   good or by this time tomorrow the  bull  dykes  in 
county  lockup  will be  taking turns grinding their  cunts  into 
your pretty little face!"

       "Yessir, I'll be the best you've ever had," she  promised, 
even  now  greedily eyeing my swollen purple veined  cock  as  it 
throbbed  silently inbetween my parted legs, "I do  anything  you 
want, just don't turn me in, please.."
     
        Before she could finish begging I grasped her head by the 
hair and jamed her still talking mouth over my cock.  She  gagged 
and  sputtered,  as  I  forced  my  8  1/2  inches  of  throbbing 
flesh/steel down her young warm and moist throat.

        Quickly  her sputtering stopped and was quickly  replaced 
by a rythymic sucking, almost gurguling motion.  She was good,  I 
could  feel  the  delicate pressure changes  as  my  cock  passed 
through  her  mouth  into the back of her  throat  and  down  her 
gullet.   She  paused with my cock deep in her throat,  her  nose 
nuzzeling  ny  coarse  pubic hairs. Then, with  out  moving,  her 
tongue began to slide up and down, inside her mouth, against  the 
underside  of my shaft. Then she slid my cock back out  into  her 
mouth as she again inhalled and started all over.

           The sight of her sweet little head bobbing in my  lap, 
hands cuffed firmly behind her just about made me cum.  I let her  p<@8 
ministrations continue till I felt Like I would explode before  I 
suddenly withdrew from he mouth, just in time to avoid cumming.

        "Please," she begged, and the combination of her  spittle 
and  my  pre-cum dripped off her lips, "I want you to cum  in  my 
throat!  I need your hot sweet cum..."

            "You want!?..  nonone care what you want, you're  her 
to  service  me,  do you understand?  Right now  you're  just  an 
object to be used,.. any way I like!"

         Properly  chastised  she bowed her head, "I'm  sorry,  I 
forgot."

            "Well  don't forget again bitch!"  I stood over  her, 
my wet rigid prick over her, "Lean over on your belly".

                She complied, I then reached under her and  undid 
her pants, pulling them down around her ankles.  The white bikini 
line  on  her  ass contrasted with the brown  skin  of  her  back 
protruding from under her shirt, the chrome handcuffs gleamed  as 
I straddled her legs. 

          "Spread you legs." she rapidly complied.

                I took the head of my cock and rubbed it  against 
her  swollen pussy lips, she was allready slick, warm cunt  juice 
dripping onto her creamy thighs.

          She  moaned  as  my head  rubbed  her  thickened  clit, 
arching her hips up to meet my cock.

                "Fuck me, Fuck me!" she pleaded. "Fuck me like  a 
whore, I'm your whore, just FUCK ME!!"

                I  laughed, trying to control my  excitement,  to 
hide  my  lust for her from her, slowly I slide my  swollen  cock 
into her tight slick little love hole.

                "OHHH  Yes, that's it, do it baby, fuck me,  fuck 
me!"

          I  began  to  slowly  pump in  and  out  of  her  cunt, 
supporting  my weight on my arms with my hands driving  her  face 
and  shoulders into the plush den carpeting.  She pulled  at  her 
hands  but was unable to break from the steel cuffs  which  bound 
her.

                We fucked for several minutes like that, she like 
a wanto bitch in heat, begging me to cum.

                As  we  fucked  I slowly sat up  on  my  hauches, 
"finger your asshole" I told her.

                She  peered  frightened over her  shoulder,  "No, 
I've never done it that way, lets..."

                I grabbed her head by her long blond hair,  "Look 
bitch, you said ANYTHING, that includes my cock up your ass, it's 
either that or sucking off bull dyke cunts in the slammer..." p<@8 

                She hesitated only seconds, still moving her hips 
in time with my thrusting cock, "uh..  OK, "

                As  we continued to fuck she slide  her  manacled 
hands down to her ass, cautiously she smeared one finger with her 
pussy juice, then slowly probbed her puckering little brown hole, 
slowly her finger wormed it's way into her tight little asshole.

         Watching  her frig her ass, as my cock drove in and  out 
of her pussy was wonderful, "Now two, I hissed."

            Quickly  complying  she wormed two fingers  into  her 
asshole,  and  then  three stretching  it  wide.   Her  breathing 
quickened, her hips arched back harder to me my cock, her fingers 
massaging her ass rubbed the thin lining between her asshole  and 
pussy, the vibration causeing my cock to swell further.

            "Stop,"  I commanded as I pulled my pussy  lubricated 
cock  out  of her cunt, "take your fingers out of  your  ass  and 
spread your cheeks with your hands."

          Quickly  she did just that, her ashole now exposed  for 
my waiting cock.
  
         I  placed the head of my cock against her  asshole,  she 
moaned  in  anticipation, "Do you want me to fuck  your  ass?"  I 
asked.

         "Yes,  oh God yes," she answered in a husky lust  filled 
voice, "fuck my ass deep and hard!"

         Without warning I suddenly drove my throbbing cock  into 
her   asshole.   Momentary  resistance  gave  way,  as  my   cock 
penetrated deep inside her bowels.

            "Arr-gh!" she moaned "do it, DO IT!"

            "Take it , take it you bitch" I taunted, all pretense 
of  control now gone from my voice, "take my cock up  your  nasty 
little asshole!"

            As I drove my cock deep into her ass she thrust  back 
onto  it,  her  legs tight together as  her  thighs  nuzzled  her 
swollen love button.
My balls slapping against her legs.

                Even   as  my  balls  began  to  tighten  up   in 
preparation  for shooting their load up her ass she  moaned,  "Oh 
God!...  I'm gonna cumm!"

          "Me too, I'm gonna shoot my load up your ass!!, Here  I 
go..."

         "Arrrr-gh...  oooough!!!" she moaned  unintelligibly  as 
her  body  spasmed in orgasm, tightening her  asshole  even  more 
firmly around my cock.
 
         One  last  time I slammed my cock deep up  her  asshole, 
before  my body became rigid as I shot my hot cum up her  ass,  a  p<@8 
lust laden butt enema, then collapsing into a sweaty mass on  top 
of her.

         "That  was  great,"  I offered  after  several  peaceful 
moments  as  we caught our breaths, "you are the best  fuck  I've 
ever had."

            "You  say  that  everytime"  my  girlfriend  laughed, 
looking  at  me over her shoulder, "now get these  cuffs  off  me 
there hurting."

         Smiling I reached down and unlatched the cuffs.

        "By the way," she added, "next time I get to be the cop!"

        Laughing  we collapsed into each others arms and  tongues 
onto the floor......





