Yes dear diary, another boring day here at the ol' department store.  Too bad
too, because I look totally HOT!!  My name is Heather.  I'm a 17 year old 5-4
inch redhead with a 34c-24-34 figure, dazzling smile, and a wall full of bikini
contest wins.  Anyway, that's what I was thinking yesterday and boy did I speak
too soon.  Why?  Well, Jeff came to work here for the first time about a week
ago, and talk about instant chemistry!  From the first time I saw him I was hot
for his bod.  I know he was hot for me too, because he got all quiet and shy
around me, unlike the outgoing guy he turned into around the others in the
department.  

I finally broke through his defenses, and got to know him....I think I'm already
in love!!  Anyway, yesterday we were talking over lunch, and he asked me if I'd
ever done it in the store.  I told him that I had made out with a boyfriend in a
dressing room once, but that was about it....  He kept kidding me, telling me
that I was too chicken to do anything else, and despite my trying to change the
subject, he pressed ahead.  After a half hour of this, I finally I decided to
call his hand and dared him to make out with me in the store room.  He looked
shocked, but agreed, again saying that I'd chicken out and leave him there with
his thingy in his hand.  (Thingy!?!)

I went and got the key, and down the stairs we went.  He was wearing an oxford
shirt with some khaki pants, but I was dressed.  I had my little dark green
dress on.  A little spandex number that never failed to catch a couple of eyes,
and get me a couple of phone numbers for the upcoming weekend.  Some black hose,
and 4" spikes made up the rest of the outfit.  Uncomfortable....yes, but the
results were generally worth it.

As we reached the bottom of the stairs, he wasted no time, spinning me around
and kissing me.  His lips were soft, and warm, and I couldn't help just melting
into his strong arms.  He didn't do anything to heat things up, so I opened my
mouth sliding my tongue past his teeth.  He squeezed me a little tighter and
began roaming my body with his hands as our tongues dueled in the dark.

He pushed me back against some boxes and lifted me up on top.  We kissed some
more, but his hands made a little more effort to explore, and began moving
toward the bottom of my skirt.  I knew I should stop, but his hands felt so good
caressing my legs and my ass, and I was really getting hot so I figured.. just a
little further....  I felt the same thing as his hands slowly, sensuously pushed
my skirt up farther and farther, finally going over my hips..  I wanted to stop
him, but I didnt want him to stop.  As his hands began their journey back up my
body, I lost all resistance, and melted completely into his arms, and began
caressing his body.  We sat there in the dark, gazing at each other, touching
each other and getting more and more turned on until he pushed me back, and went
down on me.  As I lay back on the boxes, he pulled me forward so my butt was on
the edge, and he had clear access to his objective.  

Jeff began alternating little kisses and nibbles up and down going from my knees
to my crotch before starting on the other leg.  I was in heaven!  He went over
my legs twice before moving down to remove my pantyhose.  I lifted up slightly
as he slipped his fingers under the elastic and pulled them off my long legs,
planting more little kisses as he went.  I shuddered in a mini-orgasm as he
removed them completely and tossed them aside.  Jeff looked up a little
surprised and asked me if I was cold, and I told him it was just the opposite.
He grinned, placed my legs on his shoulders and went to work.  He started by
slowly, softly licking the outside of my shaven pussy.  (helps with the bikini
shows)  He smacked his lips and told me how sweet I tasted, and all I could do
was tell him there was more where that came from if he wanted to go deeper to
get it.  I was immediately rewarded by his hot tongue parting the swollen lips
of my pussy, and licking around the opening to my vagina.  Id never had this
done to me before and it was driving me absolutely wild!!  My hips began a
gentle bucking as he ministered to my desires.  He continued rimming my cunt,
and slipped two fingers into me in a slow, fucking motion that felt sooo good.

I was slowly being driven out of my mind by his tongue and fingers, and when I
thought I was feeling it all, he slipped on of the wet fingers into my little
puckered asshole, earning him a soft, long moan.  With my getting it three ways
now, it didnt take long at all for me to feel the familiar tingling in my
groin...slowly building like a fire...burning its way up, gasping, shaking
shuddering then.....stars, clouds, heaven..darkness.  

As my consciousness slowly returned to me, he slowed down his sucking, calmly,
quietly bringing me down from my visit to heaven.  All I could do was bring him
up to me and taste his lips..I let his tongue enter my mouth and fill me with
the taste of my orgasm.

We kissed like that for a while, and I told him it was his turn.  He grinned and
rolled me over to take me doggy style.  Being up on the boxes like that, my
pussy was the perfect height for him to enter me, and I gasped as he did. I
realized I hadnt even seen his cock, as he slid it into my warm hole.  First an
inch or so..then two, then a full stroke all the way up to the hilt.  Again I
was in heaven!  Bent over like that I reached down to twiddle my clit as he
stroked in and out of me.  His cock felt like it was a good 8 inches or so, and
thick enough to make me VERY happy!  I grabbed the edge of the box and held on
for the ride.  His rhythm was perfect.  He pulled out so I could feel the rim
around his head at the entrance then slid it back into me....a little faster
with each stroke, his positioning was letting his cock rub right on my most
sensitive areas, and drive me WILD.  His strokes started to become more erratic,
and his breathing got harder and more irregular as he began his climb toward
orgasm.  I wasnt too far behind him as I felt his balls slapping against my
clit.  Again I felt the familiar fires burning in me when he tensed and gasped.
The feel of his cum splashing inside of me was all I needed to launch into
another fabulous orgasm.  

He collapsed on top of me, and we lay there for several minutes..shuddering,
enjoying each others scent and the feel of our bodies pressed together, finally
separating only when we realized how long wed been gone.

I pulled my dress down, and put my hose back on as he turned to leave...  We
agreed to meet again sometime..but lets just say work was much more fun after
that day.

XO 
Heather
