Archive-name: Family/stoy3.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: My Daughter, My SexToy - 3


    Victoria leaned forward and started licking Cheryls stomach, 
    slowly moving down to her cunt.  As her lips moved closer to my 
    daughters clit, Victoria moved her hand backwards between Cheryls'
    legs and played with her asshole.

    Within moments she had her tongue deep in Cheryls cunt and her 
    fingers deep in her shithole.  I looked up at my daughters face 
    and our eyes met.  Cheryl tensed and shuddered and then groaned as
    her orgasm hit her.  Her tits heaved inside the lace teddy and her
    knees crumpled as she fell to the couch, panting.

    Victoria lifted her face from between Cheryls legs and looked up. 
    With her hands she stroked up her body revealing her tits and 
    pinching her long hard nipples.  "You know, Cheryl, nipples like 
    these are just too good to waste, they are so long, so hard, you 
    should really have them pierced and put rings in them, it would be
    so hot, so sexy!"

    Cheryl's eyes opened wide with shock and fear, but it was already 
    too late.  I had heard the suggestion and immediately knew it had 
    to be done.  The thought of some strange guy in a tattoo parlor 
    fondling my little girls tits and piercing them, was too much, too
    exciting to be denied.  Then another vision hit my mind, that of 
    the same guy fondling her bare cunt as he tattoo'd her pussy. 
    Without having touched either the girls or myself, I exploded, 
    soaking my shorts with cum.  Cheryl saw what happened and groaned,
    knowing what was going to happen, without us even sharing a word.
 
    Victoria looked over at me and, seeing the large wet patch in my 
    shorts, smiled.  "Did you like that, Pete?  Did you like seeing me
    suck your daughters little pussy?  It's so sweet, and she is so 
    wet, I'll let you watch me do it anytime!  And her tight 
    asshole... oooh, it's so hot inside!"

    "Yes, I did enjoy it Victoria, but you haven't cum yet and I think
    Cheryl should return the favor.  What do you think, little 
    baby-slut, don't you think you owe Victoria an orgasm?"

    My daughter looked over at me, then at Victoria, and then back to 
    me.  She blushed again, "Err, y-yes, Daddy, yes, you're right". 
    Victoria looked at me and smiled.  There was something cruel about
    the expression on her face, but I didn't immediately recognise it.

    She sat up and hesitantly reached towards Victoria, who first sat 
    up and then stood in front of her.  "Take my skirt off Cheryl, you
    didn't want to see my bare cunt yesterday, but today you're going 
    to suck it, you're going to push your tongue deep inside it and
    lick it and drink my cum".

    As Cheryl slowly undid the zipper on the skirt, Victoria pulled 
    her tube top off.  Cheryl finished popping the last button on the 
    girls waist and let the skirt drop to the floor.  We both stared 
    at Victorias body, she was lithe and tanned all over.  She wasn't 
    wearing underwear, and her pussy was bare and smooth, and as tan 
    as the rest of her.  Her cunt lips were puffy and swollen, 
    slightly parted revealing a flash of pink between her legs.  She
    had the smallest, tightest ass I had ever seen.

    "Lay on the floor, you little slut, I'm going to ride your face 
    with my cunt, I'm going to cover your face with my juices, I want 
    to feel your toungue deep inside me".  I liked the way Victoria 
    was talking to my daughter, giving her orders and humiliating her 
    even more.  This was an added bonus, I hadn't considered that she 
    might also get off on having Cheryl as a sex slave, but she was
    obviously enjoying it.

    Still staring at Victorias pussy, Cheryl slid off the couch and 
    lay on the floor, her knees raised and parted wide.  Her pussy was
    swollen and wet, the lips parted and I could see deep into her 
    cunt.  She looked beautiful.

    Victoria straddled her face and lowered herself onto my daughters 
    face.  Her back was towards me and as her ass cheeks parted I 
    stared at the pink rosebud of her ass.

    Reaching down, Victoria grasped Cheryls long nipples between her 
    fingers and thumbs, and started pulling and twisting them.  "Lick 
    me, you slut, lick my cunt".

    I looked at my daughters face and saw her eyes open wide as 
    Victoria pulled on her nipples.  Then she started licking at the 
    girls bare pussy and her eyes closed as she tasted another woman 
    for the first time.

    "Yess, that's it, lick it, suck on my clit, shove your tongue
    into my cunt" she whispered, then, pulling Cheryls nipples even
    harder, stretching them from her body, "Mmmm, these nipples,
    Cheryl, we have to pierce them, they're so long, we have to
    stick some rings in them so that I can put chains on them and
    pull them even harder".  As she said this, Cheryls body spasmed
    and her legs opened even wider.

    She moved forward slightly on Cheryls face "Now my sashole, you 
    little cunt sucking slut, lick it, push your tongue up my ass, 
    suck it, taste my shithole" she ordered.  Cheryls' eyes opened
    wide once more and I looked down into her face as she ran her
    tongue around the rim of Victorias rosebud asshole.  "Yes,
    that's it, baby", I whispered to her as I put my face next to
    hers, "Suck her ass.  Can you taste her, show me your tongue
    deep in her hole, push it as far in there as you can".  Cheryl
    looked at me and I watched her straighten her tongue and push
    it into Victorias ass.

    Victoria released Cheryl's nipples and reached down for her legs. 
    She pulled them up, trapping them under her arms.  My daughter was
    now fully exposed, her pussy and ass were pointing up into the air
    and were wide open.  With her fingers, Victoria spread the lips of
    Cheryls cunt, exposing her clit and rubbing it with her thumb. 
    She leaned down and ran her tongue around the hole, darting it in 
    and out.

    Cheryl groaned into Victorias ass as she felt this new assault on 
    her body.  "Keep sucking slut, keep sucking my shithole, make me 
    cum, shove your fingers up my cunt."

    I moved in front of Victoria and pulled my shorts off, releasing 
    my cock, which was hard again.  I rubbed the tip across my 
    daughters asshole, over her open pussy and exposed clit, and 
    between Victorias lips.  Back and forth, across Cheryls soaking 
    crotch and into Victorias soft mouth I moved, masturbating myself 
    with their bodies.

    Victoria was grinding her ass down on Cheryls face, swearing and 
    gasping each time my cock left her mouth.  Cheryl was rotating her
    hips as I rubbed my cock back and forth over her ass and cunt, 
    moaning into Victorias' asshole.  We were able to keep going for 
    another two minutes, but then as Victoria goraned and came 
    violently, Cheryls thighs straightened and her stomach muscles 
    tightened as she also shuddered to a climax.  I gave two more 
    thrusts of my cock, and shot another load of hot cum; this time, 
    instead of soaking my shorts, it sprayed over my daughters bare 
    crotch and coated Victorias lips and nose.  Panting and moaning, 
    we collapsed in a pile on the floor, arms and legs and cock and 
    tits and bare, slimy, wet pussies.

    It took thirty minutes for us to recover, but eventually we did, 
    and moved together into the bathroom and showered and cleaned up. 
    After drying, Victoria and I dressed Cheryl in a very thin white 
    silk blouse and cotton miniskirt;  her nipples were clearly 
    visible and, if she wasn't careful bending or sitting, so were her
    ass and pussy.  Victoria said she knew a Tattoo parlor in the 
    Valley, so, with Cheryl murmering in fear and excitement, we 
    climbed into the front seat of the car, with her in the middle.

    Twenty minutes later, after flashing Cheryls body to several truck
    drivers, we parked in front of the place and got out of the car. 
    "Please Daddy, please, do we have to do this?" whispered Cheryl.

    "Yes, we do baby, Victoria is right, those long hard nipples of 
    yours deserve to be shown off, they are going to look beautiful 
    with little gold rings".  She groaned again as we walked through 
    the door and into the place.

    I looked around the shop; there were photographs of tattooed 
    bodies on the walls, and in the corner was a doctor's style padded
    table, surrounded by a couple of smaller tables holding various 
    needles and inks and other items.  Sitting at a desk was a tall
    black guy, about thirty-some years old, obviously the owner. 
    Against the wall were some chairs, and sitting on one was a young 
    white teeenager.

    "What can I do for you folks?", asked the owner.

    "This is my daughter," I replied, "She, err, we need some 
    piercing."

    He looked at Cheryl and then back at me.  "Is that right, little 
    girl, you want another set of holes in your ears?".  The teenager 
    had been looking hungrily at both Cheryl and Victoria, but hearing
    our conversation, went back to being bored.

    Cheryl looked at me and at Joe, the owner, trembling.

    "No, it's not her ears that we want pierced, is it Cheryl?"

    Joe's dark eyes crinkled into a smile, and the teenager
    started paying more attention, sitting up in his chair.

    "N-n-no", mumbled Cheryl, "we, err, I, err, my nipples", she 
    stammered.

    Smiling broadly now, he stood up and walked over to us. "Ok, I
    can do that, why don't you show me what you've got", he said
    matter-of-factly.

    "Here?  B-but, there's no curtains, it's open".

    "Yes, here, little lady, don't worry, I've seen everything before,
    you're no different.  Now take off your shirt and get on the
    table".  The teenager grinned lewdly and rubbed the crotch of his
    jeans as Cheryl glanced at him nervously.  Joe followed her eyes;
    "Don't worry about him, girl, if you're going to put rings in
    your tits, you shouldn't be worried about who's going to see 
    'em!  Anyway, Mike here is okay, he helps me out once in a while".

    Cheryl sighed in resignation, and slowly unbuttoned her blouse. 
    She climbed onto the table and let it fall off her shoulders.  The
    two men stared in appreciation at her bare breasts as they 
    trembled, and at her still hard, long nipples.

    "Oh yeah, this is going to be nice" Joe muttered as he reached
    out and held her nipples between his fingers, "yeah, real nice,
    long and hard, just like they should be".

    The sight of this stranger, this large black guy pulling on my 
    daughters nipples and squeezing her breasts was making me hard.  I
    looked over at Victoria.  She smiled and licked her lips, "Mmmm, 
    she's going to look like such a hot slut with them".  The teenager
    was sitting up straight now, slowly stroking his crotch and 
    massaging his hard-on through his jeans.

    The owner covered a cotton swab in alcohol and rubbed Cheryls left
    breast and nipple with it.  As the alcohol evaporated, the cold 
    made the nipple even harder.  Cheryl groaned.

    "Cold, ain't it", Joe growled, "don't you worry, little
    girl, this won't hurt much".  He applied more alcohol while 
    picking up a gold earing, about half an inch in diameter and
    resting it on Cheryls naked chest.  Still rubbing her nipple,
    he picked up a curved needle.  Cheryl saw it and her eyes
    opened wide in fear.  He started blowing on her nipple, causing
    the alcohol to evaporate even faster, cooling it even more, and
    slightly numbing it.  He pulled the nipple up and away from her
    body, stretching it and quickly pushed the needle through the
    pink-brown tip of her breast.  Cheryl's eyes and jaws clenched
    tight as she squeeled through her teeth.  Still stretching the
    nipple, he pushed the gold ring through my daughters flesh and
    then released his fingers, letting her breast drop back to her
    body.
 
    We stared down at the mans handiwork.  The nipple was red and 
    swollen, the gold ring piercing it about halfway up, there was the
    smallest drop of blood around the hole where the gold entered one 
    side; he was obviously good at his job.

    Within seconds, Joe had my daughters other breast in his large
    hand, and had repeated the procedure, accompanied by another 
    squeel from Cheryl.  She lay there panting as we looked down at 
    her tits, thw two gold rings glinting in the light.  "Oh, Cheryl, 
    they are beautiful", gasped Victoria, "Beautiful, They look so 
    hot, I can't wait to touch them, feel them".

    "Yeah, real nice, little girl, real nice", agreed Joe softly
    stroking the base of her breasts, trying to take her mind of
    the stinging pain, "you got real nice tits and those rings
    really set of your nipples, make them look real sexy".

    "There's, uh, one more thing", I said, "we'd like a tattoo".

    "On her tits, no, you don't want to do that, you don't want to 
    detract from those beautiful tits with rings in the nipples", he 
    said, looking at me as he continued stroking her body.

    "No, not her tits, lower down, much lower", I smiled.  Cheryl 
    looked at me, but realised there was no use in arguing, and didn't
    say anything.

    He looked down at Cheryl and then back at me, grinning.  "Just 
    what did you have in mind", he asked, "what kind of tattoo?"

    I looked around the room, at all the photographs.  My eyes settled
    on one of a woman's breast, with a small rose above the nipple. 
    "That looks good, the rose is very pretty", I said, pointing at 
    the photograph.

    "Okay, that's easy enough.  Now, little lady, get up and take off
    your skirt and panties, this'l only take a few minutes, and 
    compared to the rings, you'll hardly feel it.  Mike, come over 
    here, you can help me with the inks".  Grinning widely, the 
    teenager stood up off the chair and took the couple of steps to 
    the table.  His cock looked like it was ready to bust open his 
    button-fly jeans, and Cheryl stared at it as she sat up on the 
    table.  The sight of the gold rings hanging from her bare breasts,
    and the thought of both these guys seeing her naked as they 
    tattooed her pussy was almost too much, my cock was leaking precum
    into my pants.
 
    Her faced crimson, Cheryl sat up and undid the button on her 
    skirt.  She pulled the zipper down and lay back on the table. 
    Lifting her hips, she let Joe pull it down her legs.  He smiled 
    widely as her bare pussy came into view, and Mike's mouth just 
    hung open.  "Oh, yeah, very sexy", whispered Joe, "You are one 
    hot little girl, very hot.  I love the sight of bare white pussy".

    Joe pulled Cheryls' miniskirt completely off, and my daughter lay 
    on the table totally naked as the two men, as well as Victoria and
    I, stared down at her beautiful body.  Joe ran his dark fingers 
    over her mound and between her legs, pushing them open.  "Very 
    smooth, very pretty", he commented as I stared at the contrast 
    between his hand and Cheryl's naked sex.

    "Put it as close to her lips as you can" I mentioned to Joe.

    "Oh, I can get it very close", replied Joe, running his fingers up
    over her cunt lips, "how about if I start the stem down here, on 
    the left, and bring it up so the bud is right above her clit?".

    I looked down as he traced a line around her pussy with his 
    finger, and Cheryl twitched as she felt a strangers fingers 
    touching her cunt.  I looked into her face and mouthed "I Love
    You".  She smiled back and relaxed, parting her legs wider, 
    completely exposing herself to us.

    Joe was touching her more, now, pulling her labia open as he 
    pictured the tattoo in his mind.  I could see that his finger tips
    were glistening and realised that Cheryl was getting wet from his 
    touch.  Finally, his mind clear, Joe started work with the needle,
    using the black, green and red inks whic Mike passed to him. 
    Cheryl lay there quietly, biting her lip and flinching every now 
    and again as he pulled on her cunt and punctured the skin with the
    needle.

    Fifteen minutes later, he was finished and I looked down at my 
    daughters naked crotch, a beautiful rose sitting a fraction of an 
    inch above her clit, the stem winding up from her left labia.  In 
    spite of the pain, Cheryl had become very wet during the 
    procedure, and Joe's fingers as well as her bare pussy glistened
    under the lights.

    With thanks to Joe, Victoria and I helped Cheryl dress and started
    towards the door.  As we were leaving, Joe called out to me and 
    said "You know, a pretty, pussy like that, with those plump lips, 
    sure would look nice with a ring in each one!".

    Cheryl just gasped and ran out of the door towards the car.  I 
    looked at Joe and replied, "Yeah, yeah that would look good. 
    Maybe we'll be back one day!".

    We drove home and stripped Cheryl of her clothes so that we could 
    stare at her now decorated body.  I could not believe this was my 
    daughter, she looked so sexy, standing there in front of me, a 
    rose winding up from between her legs and blossoming above her 
    clit.  Gold rings hanging from her nipples, just begging to be 
    linked with a chain and tugged.

    I let Cheryl go and ley down for the rest of the evening, I wanted
    her to recover from the pain and sensitivity before we went any 
    further, but I was determined to continue enjoying her 
    exhibitionistic and submissive nature.  As she slept, Victoria and
    I talked, and she reminded me of the strip joint a few miles from 
    our home.  Could we get Cheryl to dance in there, to show her body
    to twenty or thirty hot and horny guys, let them stare at her 
    rings and tattoo?

    We started planning straight away.... Cheryl was going back to her
    mothers tomorrow, but would be back at my house for a two week 
    vacation next Friday.......
 
--
