Archive-name: Family/stoy1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: My Daughter, My SexToy - 1


    "Oh god, here she is again", I mumbled to myself as Cheryl, my 
    fifteen year old daughter walked down the stairs into the living 
    room where I was sitting on the couch.  She was wearing a short 
    white T-shirt, and a pair of pale pink nylon panties, trimmed with 
    lace; nothing else.  As she came down the stairs, her young 
    breasts, firm as they were, could not resist bouncing, proving to 
    anyone who watched that she was wearing nothing to support them 
    under the T-shirt.  

    My wife and I had separated two years ago and, since that time, 
    Cheryl had been spending every other weekend, some vacations, and 
    the occasional weekday evening with me.  Before we split up, it 
    was normal for my wife to wander around the house wearing very 
    little, and Cheryl had easily adopted her habit.  As Cheryl grew 
    older, however, and especially after my separation, the sight of 
    her young, almost naked body had become very disconcerting.  To 
    make matters worse, she seemed to revel in the discomfort she was 
    obviously causing, enjoying the look on my face when she flashed 
    herself in front of me.  

    I watched from the corner of my eye as she wandered into the 
    kitchen, and then reappeared a few seconds later with a glass of 
    O.J.  Her legs were long and tan, her long blonde hair framed her 
    pretty freckled young face and, goddammit, her nipples were hard 
    against the white T-shirt.  As my eyes moved down her body, passed 
    the short shirt, I noticed that the panties were tight against her 
    crotch, clearly showing the bulge of her mons and pussy lips.  A 
    few curly blonde hairs escaped around the edges of the lace.  Back 
    to her face, I noticed her smile as she watched me watch her; my 
    cock, already hard, grew again as I blushed slightly under her 
    gaze.  

    "Daddy, do you think I'm fat?", she asked, running her free hand 
    up under the T-shirt and exposing her belly.  

    "Of course not, baby, you know you're not" I replied, staring not 
    at her stomach, but at her now completely exposed crotch, and the 
    fine blonde hairs which were now visible through the almost 
    transparent lace front panel of her panties.  Seeing where my 
    attention was, she moved her hand down and inside the front of the 
    lace waistband, pulling it out from her body.  "Do you like them, 
    Daddy, they're new?"  she asked, smirking.  

    "U-ugh, yes, they, umm, are very pretty, babe, but aren't they a 
    little tight?"  I replied.  Her hand had caused the crotch to 
    become even tighter, and I stared as it very slightly disapeared 
    between the lips of her pussy.  

    "Oh, no, I like them like this," she said, "in fact, I have some 
    even tighter, they make me feel good when they're tight!".  I 
    continued to stare as she pulled at the waistband again, the nylon 
    began to slip into her cunt and more of her puffy young pussy lips 
    became visible at the sides.  

    Turning her back to me, she ran her hand under one leg of the 
    panties and exposed her butt-cheek.  "What about my ass, Daddy, is 
    it too fat?"  

    I swallowed as I stared her her half naked butt, her fingers 
    moving in the crack of her ass as she held the nylon out of the 
    way.  "No, your ass is beautiful, baby, now go and finish getting 
    ready for your date before I slap it for you!", I said, in mock 
    anger.  She giggled and, running back up to her bedroom, shouted 
    "Oh, you wouldn't do that to me, would you, Daddy?"  

    I had only just began to recover my composure when I heard her 
    calling for me from her bedroom.  "Now what?", I wondered as I 
    climbed the stairs.  

    Entering her bedroom, I found she had swapped the T-shirt for a 
    white silk blouse, which was not yet buttoned and, although it 
    covered her nipples, exposed a large amount of her firm tits.  
    "Which skirt do you think I should wear with this blouse, Daddy.  
    What do you think of this black one?"  she asked, holding a 
    miniskirt up to her waist.  "Or, this red one?"  she asked again, 
    leaning over the bed and reaching for another.  As she did, I was 
    treated to the sight of her completely naked right breast and 
    gasped at the realization of just how firm she was, and how her 
    nipples were just like her mother's; dark brown, and very long 
    (almost half an inch), with large swollen aereole.  Looking back 
    up at me, she held the red miniskirt to her waist without covering 
    her chest.  

    "Well, Daddy, what do you think?"  

    "Very beautiful", I replied.  

    She giggled again, "No, Daddy, the skirt!  Which skirt?".  She 
    obviously knew what I was staring at, and again I was struck by 
    the thought that she was deliberately exposing herself and getting 
    a kick out of teasing me.  

    "U-hh, the, umm, the Red one, I think", I stammered, "but, er, 
    don't you think you should be wearing a bra?  You know your mother 
    wouldn't let you go out on a date dressed like that!"  

    "But I don't like them, and I don't need one, Daddy, and anyway, 
    you're not Mom, you don't mind, do you?"  she pouted.  

    "Well, your blouse is a little thin, finish dressing and then I'll 
    see what you look like.  Hurry up or you'll be late" I said.  

    "Ok, why don't you wait here, I'm almost done" 

    I sat on her bed and watched as she brushed her hair and applied 
    make up, continually being tantalized with glimpses of her bare 
    tits as she reached for different things.  Finally, she stood up 
    and buttoned the about half of her blouse.  Bending over, her ass 
    in my face, she reached for the red skirt and stepped into it, 
    pulling it up her legs and over her hips.  She tucked the blouse 
    into it and zipped it up, turning to face me.  

    "Well, how do I look, do I pass?"  

    I stared up at her from the bed.  Her breasts pushed against the 
    silk blouse, and I could faintly see the darkness of her nipples.  
    "Bend over" I instructed, "We don't want the whole world to be 
    able to stare at you."  

    She did as I asked, and although I could see the swelling of her 
    tits, I had to admit that even with so many buttons undone, they 
    remained covered; there was just enough visible to drive a guy 
    crazy!  

    "Ok, baby, you'll do, I hope your mother doesn't find out I let 
    you dress like this" (or watched you prance around half naked, I 
    thought to myself).  

    "Don't worry Daddy, I won't tell her!"  she giggled.  

    "Well, you'd better be good, and you'd better be home on time," I 
    replied, "or maybe I'll tell her myself, then your life won't be 
    worth living!"  

    "Oh, I will, I will, Daddy, I promise; please, don't tell her!"  

    The doorbell rang.  It was Bobby, her date for the night.  "Okay, 
    baby, get out of here.  Have fun, and I'll see you later".  

    "Thank you Daddy", she said and, leaning forward, kissed me wetly 
    on the lips before running downstairs and out of the house, 
    leaving me alone in her room.  

    I looked around myself and noticed her clothes strewn around the 
    room.  On the floor by the side of the bed was a red silk 
    G-string, apparently something she had been wearing earlier.  I 
    reached down and picked it up, unrolling it and rubbing the 
    crotch; it was wet!  I held it to my face and licked at it, 
    expecting to taste my young daughters cunt, but was surprised to 
    discover the unmistakable signs of semen.  It was very slimy, and 
    I recognized the taste from the many times I had licked my own 
    fingers after jacking off.  She had obviously fucked someone 
    earlier in the day, and allowed the G-string to become soaked as 
    the cum dribbled out of her young body.  

    I licked and sucked harder at the skimpy material, intoxicated 
    with the thought of what I was doing, and with the mental vison of 
    my daughter fucking one of her boyfriends and of his cum seeping 
    out between the plump pussy lips she had so happily flashed at me 
    just a little while ago.  

    Sliding my shorts down, I rubbed my aching cock with the silk, 
    while massaging my balls with the other hand.  The feel of the 
    silky soft slimy wet silk on the head of my cock was 
    indescribable, and within minutes, my hips were jerking as I lay 
    on my daughters bed and squirted another load of hot cum into her 
    G-string, soaking it again.  

    Several hours later, it was nearly one in the morning and she was 
    thirty minutes late for her curfew.  I was angry and beginning to 
    get worried.  

    Finally, I heard the front door open, and Cheryl walked quickly 
    into the house.  

    Before she had a chance to say anything, I stood up and shouted at 
    her.  "Cheryl, where have you been?  You promised to be on time, 
    and let me down.  Is this what I get for giving into you and 
    letting you dress the way you wanted?  I'm beginning to think I 
    really should tell your Mother about the way you've been 
    behaving!"  

    "Oh, please, Daddy, I'm sorry, please don't do that, please!"  

    I stared at her as she walked up to me.  Her lipstick was gone, 
    and her hair was somewhat dissheveled.  

    "Well, it's either that, or you take the spanking I think you 
    deserve.  You decide which".  

    "Uh, err, well, Okay," she spluttered, "Okay, let me go to my room 
    and change" 

    "No, it's either right now, or it's your Mother", I said, not 
    wanting to give her any chance to change my mind.  

    "But, err, please, Daddy, just let me go and change, and then, I 
    promise, I'll take my punishment.  Please?"  

    I was curious, now, why did she insist on changing?  Well, 
    regardless, I was determined to do it now, I knew that if she 
    changed she might be able to change my mind by dressing in 
    something sexy and teasing me again.  "This is your last chance, 
    little lady, you either get on my lap now, or I pick up the phone.  
    Now, which is it going to be?"  I demanded as I sat on the couch.  

    A look of complete resignation appeared on her face as she 
    realized that I was not going to be dissuaded.  "Okay, Daddy," she 
    sighed, and moved over to the couch and lay down on my lap, 
    holding her skirt down as she did.  

    "Good, now, I'm going to give you one for every minute passed your 
    curfew that you were late, understand?"  

    "Y-yes, Daddy, I'm sorry", she mumbled from the pillow where her 
    face was hidden.  

    Reaching down her legs, which she was holding tightly together, I 
    started to pull her skirt up.  As I did, I was treated to the 
    sight of her bare ass; she was no longer wearing the pink panties 
    she was so proud of a few hours earlier.  Her thighs and buttocks 
    were clenched tight, preventing me from being able to see anything 
    other than the cheeks of her ass, and a few stray pubic hairs 
    peeking up from her hidden crotch.  

    "So, being bra-less wasn't enough, I see.  You had to take your 
    panties off and spend the evening almost naked.  Well, seeing as 
    you obviously enjoy flaunting yourself, I think you should receive 
    your punishment naked.  Now, get up and strip," I demanded.  

    She looked up from the couch at me, an expression of embarrassment 
    on her face, "Please, Daddy, no, please, just spank me and I 
    promise it'll never happen again" she whined.  

    "It seems you really don't believe me," I sighed, reaching over 
    her body for the telephone.  

    "No, no, please Daddy, Okay, I'll do it", she said, jumping up 
    from my lap and reaching for the buttons on her blouse.  As I 
    watched, she hung her head and fumbled with the buttons, finally, 
    slipping the blouse off her shoulders and exposing her chest 
    completely to my eyes.  I stared at her firm young tits, and 
    noticed the love bites around her nipples.  

    "And, the rest?"  I asked.  

    She hesitated slightly, and then unzipped the skirt, slid it over 
    her hips, and let it fall around her feet.  She now stood naked in 
    front of me, and my eyes moved down to her crotch.  I could see 
    the swollen lips of her young cunt, and noticed the hair around 
    them was wet and matted.  Looking back at her face, I could see 
    her cheeks were flushed; either from shame, or from excitement at 
    being naked in front of me.  She lifted her face and our eyes met.  
    At that moment I decided that it was a combination of both 
    emotions that was coloring her cheeks.  

    "Obviously I'm not the first person to see you naked tonight," I 
    taunted, "where did you do it?"  

    "Err, in his, uhmm, in his car.  Out on Mullholland Drive, at the 
    lookout point" she replied.  

    "That's pretty public, isn't it.  Apparently you like the thought 
    of people seeing you naked and fucking?"  

    "I, uhmm, no, I mean yes, er, well I suppose so", she stammered 
    again, her face becoming even more flushed.  

    "Hmmmm, well, some things are going to have to change around 
    here," I said, "Now, get back on my lap, or did you think I would 
    forget about spanking your ass?"  

    She lay back down on the couch, across my lap, still clenching her 
    legs together, only now I knew why; she was trying to hide her 
    wet, freshly fucked cunt.  

    I lifted my hand and brought it down on my daughters firm, naked 
    ass.  It made a loud slap and she grunted into the pillow she was 
    gripping to her face.  Her legs jumped at the impact, and she 
    quickly pulled them back together again.  I smiled to myself, 
    wondering how long she would be able to keep them that way.  

    Lifting my hand, I brought it down again, putting a second red 
    mark on her ass.  Then again and again.  Each time I did, her legs 
    flinched and opened a fraction, but as she squealed into the 
    pillow she clenched again.  After another ten slaps, her ass was 
    getting very red, and her muscles were losing their strength; her 
    thighs were now open an inch, and I could see down between them 
    slightly.  

    By the time I had given her thirty-five smacks, she was sobbing 
    and was unable to control her legs.  They now lay wide open, and 
    looking down I was able to see her pink-brown asshole and, below 
    that, her tender young pussy, still swollen, with Bobby's cum 
    leaking out between the lips, wetting the insides of her thighs.  

    I reached dowm between her legs and, with one finger, rubbed 
    between the lips of her pussy.  She was incredibly hot, and my 
    finger came away soaked in a mixture of her cum and Bobby's.  I 
    moved my finger up to her little asshole and rubbed it gently, 
    "Now," I said, "you still have another thirty spankings to go, 
    but, if you agree to make some changes around here, maybe I'll 
    forgive you and forget the rest."  

    She stopped sobbing, and looking up at me, asked "Anything, Daddy, 
    I'll do anything, anything you say, just please, don't spank me 
    anymore.  Please?"  

    "Mmmm, well, you've promised before, how do I know if you're 
    serious this time?"  

    "Oh, Daddy, I am, really, just tell me what you want and I'll do 
    it, I mean it, anything!"  

    I moved my finger back to her pussy and coated it in the slick 
    fluids that were seeping out of her, and then, as she watched, 
    brought it up to my face and stared at it.  "You're very wet, 
    aren't you", I commented, looking back into her eyes, "Tell me 
    why, tell me what you did tonight.  Everything!"  

    She hesitated for a second, and then started to talk.  

    "Well, we drove out to PCH for dinner, we were going to Alices 
    Restaurant in Malibu.  As we were driving, Bobby was, err, you 
    know, playing with me."  

    "No, I don't know, Cheryl, I want you to tell me every detail, 
    understand, EVERY detail.  I want to hear you tell me exactly what 
    you two did, is that clear?"  

    Her face flushed again, but she continued talking as I slowly 
    caressed the red-hot cheeks of her ass, occasionally stroking her 
    asshole with my finger tip.  

    "He was, uhmm, touching me between the legs, touching my err, 
    pussy.  He likes to touch me all the time, wherever we are.  At 
    first he stroked me through my panties, pushing them up into me, 
    err, into my cunt and making them wet."  

    "After about ten minutes, he told me to take my panties off.  I 
    didn't really want to, but he likes to see me naked, and likes the 
    thought of me wearing as little as possible when we're out, so I 
    did.  He took my panties and hung them on the rear-view mirror of 
    the car.  It was still daylight, and he said he wanted people to 
    know what a hot girl he had with him."  

    "And what about you, what did you want?"  

    "Well, I like it when guys are hot for me, so I let him.  It was 
    embarrassing when we got to the restaurant and the valet saw them 
    hanging there, but it kind of made me excited as well.  Then we 
    went in for dinner, and we sat at a booth.  He made me undo two 
    more buttons of my blouse, and open my legs slightly as we sat 
    there and ate.  I knew that the waiter could see all of my boobs, 
    and that the people across from us could see up my skirt.  We were 
    both hot by the time we left."  

    "On the way back, he told me to undo my blouse, take my skirt off 
    and open my legs.  After I did that, he said he wanted to watch me 
    play with myself, so I did.  I lay back in the seat and fingered 
    myself as we drove.  When we got to the top of Mulholland, at the 
    lookout point, he parked.  There were three other cars there and 
    he stopped in between two of them.  We started kissing and fooling 
    around, but then I had to pee.  I told Bobby, and asked him if we 
    could drive over to the corner where noone could see."  

    "He looked at me and told me either to walk over there myself, or 
    to do it there in the car, and handed me an empty plastic cup from 
    the floor.  I looked at him thinking he was joking, but saw he 
    wasn't.  I didn't know what to do, but I had to go real bad, so I 
    took the cup from him and scooted forward in the seat.  Before I 
    could go, he stopped me and said that I would have more room in 
    the back seat, and to get out of the car and get into the back."  

    "I reached for my skirt, but he stopped me, saying I wouldn't need 
    it."  

    I was fingering her ass and pussy continuously now, and every 
    couple of minutes her butt twitched as I touched her clit.  She 
    was beginning to get excited by telling me about her date.  

    "I opened the door and got out, knowing that the couple in the car 
    next to me could see I was just wearing a blouse.  Undone.  I 
    could feel their eyes staring at my body, it was hot!  I climbed 
    into the back seat and Bobby turned around and looked back at me.  
    I knelt on the seat, facing him and held the cup between my legs.  
    I couldn't wait any longer, and started going.  I was so desparate 
    that I couldn't control it, and pee was squirting everywhere.  My 
    hand was soaked, and it overflowed the cup.  Eventually, I was 
    empty and I asked Bobby for something to wipe myself with.  He 
    said he didn't have anything.  By then I was so hot, feeling so 
    slutty, that I just licked my fingers, wiped myself, and then 
    licked them again, while he looked at me."  

    "He said that was the hottest thing he had ever seen, and climbed 
    over the seat to join me in the back.  We started kissing and he 
    said he could taste my piss in my mouth.  He said it tasted good.  
    He took the cup and took a swig from it, then kissed me again, 
    pushing a mouthfull of my piss into my mouth and making me swallow 
    it.  He did it again, and it made us even hotter, it was so 
    disgusting we loved it.  We ended up both taking mouthfuls of it 
    from the cup and kissing, sharing it between us."  

    "Bobby undid his pants and took them off.  His cock was throbbing 
    he was so hot for me.  He dipped the head of his dick into the 
    cup, wetting it in my pee, then told me to suck it.  I leaned down 
    and licked it, tasting him and my piss at the same time.  We kept 
    doing this for another five minutes, but by then we were on fire.  
    He layed down on the seat and I climbed onto him, pushing my pussy 
    down onto his dick.  It only took a couple of seconds before we 
    were both ready and with a couple of thrusts which almost threw me 
    off his lap, we both came.  He flooded me with his cum."  

    "By the time we recovered, I realized what time it was, and that 
    we were late.  Without cleaning up, we scrambled back into the 
    front seat and raced back here.  I was in such a panic, I left my 
    panties hanging on the mirror when I jumped out of the car and ran 
    in!"  

    She looked back up at my face.  We were both horny now, and I knew 
    she could feel my hard-on sticking into her belly through my 
    shorts.  I scooped up some of the cum from her cunt with my 
    finger, and stuck it into my mouth, sucking it clean.  Her eyes 
    widened as she watched me do this.  Then I got some more and gave 
    my finger to her.  She did the same thing and sucked it into her 
    mouth, still staring into my eyes.  

    "So," I said, "you like showing yourself off.  Is that why you've 
    been teasing me so much recently?"  

    "Yes, Daddy, I'm sorry, but it was so exciting to know you were 
    looking at me, and getting hard.  I could see it in your pants and 
    loved knowing I could make you want me."  

    "And, you like being a slut and doing disgusting things?", I 
    continued, pushing my finger slowly up into her ass for the first 
    time.  

    "Mmmm Yessss, Daddy, yes, I love it, I got so hot when Bobby made 
    me piss in front of him, and then when we drank it, I almost came 
    on the spot!"  

    I wiggled my finger around in her ass, pushing it in as deep as I 
    could, then pulled it out and put it between her lips.  She sucked 
    it in and I felt her toungue licking at it, tasting her own 
    asshole.  

    "Okay, it seems you are willing to do as you're told.  From now 
    on, I'll decide how you are going to dress, both while you're in 
    the house, and when you go out with your friends.  Every night, 
    when you come home, you are going to tell me everything you did 
    and let me inspect your body.  Once in a while, I may think of 
    something I want you to do, either for me, or when you are on a 
    date, and you'll do everything I tell you.  Do you understand?"  

    "Yes, Daddy, I understand, I'll do everything you tell me, 
    whatever it is, I promise!"  

    "Good, then the first thing I want you to do is lay down on the 
    floor, lift your knees, and open your legs wide.  I want to see my 
    little daughters cunt, I want you to show me Bobby's cum still 
    inside you."  

    She climbed off my lap and, glancing down at my cock which was 
    making a tent in my shorts, lay on her back on the floor, with her 
    feet towards me.  She lifted her knees and opened her legs, then 
    reached down with her hands and spread the lips of her young cunt.  
    "There Daddy, can you see it, can you see Bobby's cum in my cunt, 
    he shot so much I know I'm full, shall I push some out for you?"  

    I stared at her lewd position, her fingers gripping her cunt-lips 
    and pulling them apart.  "Yes, do that, push a little out and let 
    it trickle down".  

    Her shithole bulged slightly as she pushed down with her muscles.  
    A blob of white slimy cum appeared from within her cunt and slowly 
    slid out of her body and down to her asshole.  

    "Push it into your ass," I said, "Push it up as deep as you can" 

    She moved her right hand, and with the middle finger rubbed the 
    cum around her asshole and then slowly pushed it in.  Soon her 
    finger was buried completely in her asshole.  

    "Fuck your ass with your finger, Push it in and out."  

    Looking into my eyes, my daughter did as I instructed.  She 
    started fucking her ass with her finger, plunging it in and out, 
    straining to get it as far into her bowels as she could.  

    "Now, take it out" I said.  "Take it out and suck it clean" 

    "Oooh, Daddy, Yesss."  She pulled the finger out of her tight hole 
    and I could see it was glistening with the cum she had pushed into 
    herself, and was slightly brown at the end.  She had obviously 
    pushed it in far enough to get it dirty.  

    Releasing her knees, she brought her hand up to her face and 
    sucked the finger into her mouth.  I knew she could taste her shit 
    on it, but she was clearly willing to do anything I told her to.  

    I got off the couch and knelt between my daughters wide open legs.  
    Leaning down, I stared at her soaking wet wide open pussy and 
    started to lick.  As I sucked, she pushed and slowly fed Bobby's 
    cum into my mouth.  In between, I tasted the sweetness of her 
    cunt, and sucked her pussy lips and then her clit into my mouth.  
    She squirmed beneath me.  

    "Yessssss, Daddy, Yesss.  Do you like it, do you like the taste of 
    my fucked pussy?  Oh, this is so hot, my Daddy, sucking me, 
    cleaning me out."  

    I lifted my face from between her legs and looked up into her 
    face.  "From now on, baby, anytime you fuck someone, you're 
    forbidden from cleaning yourself.  I don't care if you wet your 
    pants, but you are not allowed to wipe yourself after fucking.  I 
    want you to come home and show me your cunt full of cum.  Do you 
    understand?"  

    "Yes, Daddy, yesss, I'll do it, for you Daddy, I'll do anything."  

    I resumed sucking on her fifteen year old pussy and, as I 
    swallowed the last of the cum she was so full of, she came in my 
    face, soaking me in her own juices.  

    Lifting my face, I looked down at Cheryl, her face flushed and her 
    young tits heaving.  I pulled my shorts down, exposing my now 
    painfully throbbing dick and started stroking it.  "You're going 
    to do everything I tell you to, little girl, you're going to be my 
    little slut daughter and dress like I say and do what I say".  

    "Yes, Daddy, everything", she panted, watching me stroke my cock 
    above her body.  

    I stroked faster and faster, now, our eyes were alternating 
    between admiring our bodies, and sharing hot, animal-like looks at 
    each other.  I could not hold back any longer, and thrusting my 
    hips forward, spewed my cum over my daughters body and face.  
    There were lines of hot slimy cum over her stomach and tits, and 
    up over her chin on her lips, nose and hair.  It was easily the 
    most intense orgasm I had ever had in my life.  

    Leaning down again, I kissed my pretty daughters face, sucking her 
    lips and playing with her toungue as she opened her mouth.  We 
    wiped my cum around in each others mouths, sucking noisily as our 
    toungues danced with each other.  

    After we recovered, I sat on the couch with Cheryl, her head in my 
    lap while I caressed her still naked body.  We talked for a while 
    about her fantasies, and her love of flashing her body and doing 
    very kinky things.  This evening had been the first time she had 
    tasted piss, or even pissed in front of a guy, but apparently she 
    fantasized about "dirty", slutty acts like that a lot and really 
    got off on it.  

    We spent that night in my bed, nothing new happened, we just 
    cuddled up together and went to sleep, exhausted from the 
    evenings' activities.


                   .....  To be continued in Part 2  .....
--
