Archive-name: Family/stoy2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: My Daughter, My SexToy - 2


    The next morning I woke up first and wandered into the bathroom to
    clean up.  As I stood in front of the mirror, having just finished
    shaving, Cheryl walked in and sat on the toilet, still naked.

    "Good Morning, Daddy, did you sleep good?  I did, it felt so nice
    to have you holding me and to feel your body against mine; I've 
    been dreaming of that for a long time."

    "Well", I replied, so long as you remember all the promises you 
    made last night, you can have that experience every night you're 
    here".

    "Oh, don't worry Daddy, I won't forget, in fact I can't wait; I 
    have another date with Bobby tonight, you'll have to find me 
    something to wear!" she smirked.

    As I looked down at my daughter, my cock twitched.  Without 
    taking her eyes from mine, she spread her legs wide and whispered 
    "I have to pee, Daddy, do you want to watch?"

    "Go ahead, baby, do it in front of me".

    Still staring at me, she released her muscles slightly and a short
    spurt of liquid splashed into the bowl.  "Oooh, it feels so good 
    to do it like this, Daddy, I feel so naughty doing it in front of 
    you, having you watch".

    "Good, because I'm going to make you do everything in front of me 
    from now on, Cheryl, EVERYTHING, understand?"

    "Yes, Daddy, I'll do whatever you tell me" she whispered.  I 
    looked down at her crotch as she moved her hand between her
    legs and released another spurt of liquid, drenching her
    fingers.  "Oh, God, it's so hot, Daddy, so hot it almost burns!"

    Closing her eyes, she released her bladder completely and let it 
    empty full force over her hand.  The stream was so powerful it 
    sprayed off her fingers and soaked her thighs.  As she finished,
    she looked back up at me, with glazed eyes and flushed cheeks.

    I knelt on the floor between her legs and started to lick; first 
    her calves and then upwards over her thighs, licking the salty 
    golden liquid off her body.  As I reached the tops of her thighs,
    she slid forward on the toilet and spread her legs even
    further, "Mmmm, yes, Daddy, yes, lick it, lick my pussy, taste
    my pee".

    My tongue swept across the lips of her young pussy, savoring the
    flavor of her body.  As my lips covered hers, my tongue slipped
    between them and over her clit, she twitched and released one
    last spurt of her hot piss into my mouth.  Holding it there, I
    straightened my body and and pulled her face to mine.  She knew
    what was coming and opened her mouth in anticipation.

    Without kissing her, I tilted her head backwards and let the piss 
    trickle out of my mouth into hers.  As she swallowed it, I reached
    down, took her hand and brought it to her lips.  Looking into my 
    eyes, she licked and sucked at her fingers, cleaning them
    completely.

    I pulled her up from the stool and we stepped into the shower 
    together.  As the hot water ran over us, we soaped and washed each
    other, and for the first time, I felt my daughters hands on my 
    cock and balls as she stroked them.  I just leaned back against
    the wall and let her play, caressing me with her slippery
    soapy fingers, as she knelt down to watch closely.  Her other
    hand played with my balls and then slipped back between my
    legs and started to rub around my asshole.

    At the same time as I felt her lips on the head of my cock,
    slipping down over the crown, I felt two fingers of her other hand
    pushing against and then up into my ass.  As she pushed them
    deeper into my bowels she moved them around, hitting my
    prostrate.  Without warning my entire body tensed, my balls
    tightened, and my cock erupted between her lips, spewing cum
    into her mouth.  She just groaned and kept finger-fucking my
    ass, as I spasmed and twitched, then as soon as I was finished,
    she stood up and opened her lips,showing me the pool of white
    slimy cum she held in there.

    Leaning down, I pushed my tongue into her mouth and we rolled my 
    cum, the same stuff which had helped bring her to life, around in 
    our mouths and swallowed it.

    As we kissed, I moved my hand down her belly and into the soft 
    hair below it.  "You know", I said, smiling to myself, "if you're 
    going to be my little girl slut, I think you should look more like
    a little girl".

    "What do you mean, Daddy?"

    "I mean that this hair has to go, I want me and everyone else to 
    see your hot little pussy, I want to be able to feel it smooth and
    bare, now get my razor and shaving cream."

    As she climbed back into the shower, I made her sit on the edge 
    and spread her legs wide.  Using my back to shield her from the
    shower spray, I coated her crotch in foam and started to shave
    her clean. Her pubic hair was very soft and quite thin so,
    within a few moments, she was bare and smooth.

    After rinsing off, we got out of the shower and dried.  I dressed
    but made Cheryl remain naked. I wanted to be able to see and
    touch her at will.  The next few hours were spent with her 
    cleaning up around the house, and me either watching her young 
    body and now hairless cunt as she moved, or reaching out and 
    carassing her oh-so-smooth skin.  True to form, Cheryl was both 
    embarassed and excited at being made to remain naked, and every 
    time my fingers touched her young pussy, they were met by heat and
    wet slippery juices which, after a while, had soaked her entire
    crotch and upper thighs.

    Around luchtime, she had finished cleaning the house and I decided
    we should go to the local Mall to find some clothes for her to 
    wear on her date that evening.  I could already picture Bobby's 
    expression when he discovered her naked pussy, but wanted her to 
    be dressed even more provocatively then usual, I wanted her to be 
    very exposed for the whole evening.

    Leading her into her bedroom, I announced "Okay, baby, you can get
    dressed now, were going shopping for some new clothes for you." 
    Opening her closet, I looked through the clothes hanging there and
    pulled out a thin white blouse and denim mini-skirt.  "Here, put 
    these on and lets get going".

    "Err, what about panties", she stammered, "someone might see me 
    in the dressing rooms".

    "I know", I smiled, "you'll have to be very careful, won't you"

    She blushed again, and slipped into the blouse and skirt.  As she 
    bent over to put her shoes on, I was pleased to see that the skirt
    just covered her ass; As much as I would have liked for everyone 
    to see my daughters tight ass and bare pussy, I didn't want her
    getting us arrested by flashing at the wrong time!

    We walked out of the house and I opened the car door for her.  As 
    she climbed in to the passenger seat, I stared down and was 
    treated to the sight of the cleft of her hairless pussy.  I got 
    into the drivers side, and we drove the couple of miles to the 
    mall with her legs wide open and my hand stroking her thigh, 
    inviting anyone who looked in to stare at her exposed body.

    At the mall, we went into one of her favorite stores, and started 
    choosing clothes.  I quickly selected several blouses, all 
    semi-transparent, a couple of pale cotton mini-skirts with no
    lining, and one long dress with a very high slit in the front. 
    I watched with anticipation as the attendant, a young girl of
    about 19, went back into the dressing rooms with her.

    Ten minutes later, Cheryl reappeared, flushed and excited, with
    the sales girl smiling behind her.  As I paid for the clothes, 
    Cheryl held on to my arm, and stared at the floor.  After we had 
    left the store, I asked her what was wrong.

    "Well, err, that girl, she, uhmm, she came into the room with me 
    to help me with the clothes.  I was so embarassed without any 
    underwear, I tried to keep my back to her when I took my skirt
    off.  But she looked over my shoulder at the mirror in front
    of me, and saw that I was shaved.  She smiled at me and said
    she thought it looked beautiful.  As she helped me put on each
    skirt, she stroked my ass with her fingers, and everytime I took
    it off, she stared at my bare pussy.  When I tried on one of the
    blouses, she looked into my eyes and rubbed my nipples as she did
    the buttons. They got hard and I was blushing crimson.  As she
    was helping me put my own clothes back on she told me she also
    shaved her cunt and asked if I wanted to see it.  I was so 
    embarassed I just ran out of there!"

    "You shouldn't have done that", I told her, "You should have let 
    her show you.  In fact, why don't you go back in there and invite 
    her over to our house tomorrow morning".

    "B-b-but, Daddy, she's, ah, she's a girl!"

    "I know that baby, are you forgetting last night already?"

    "No, Daddy, no, but, uhmm, a Girl?"

    "Yes, baby.  Now, go back in there and tell her where we live and 
    ask her to come over at nine tomorrow morning."

    I watched as my daughter went back into the store and talked to
    the young sales girl.  She smiled brightly as Cheryl talked to 
    her, and then looked up at me in the doorway.  I nodded to her and
    she looked back down at Cheryl and said she would come.  Cheryl 
    came back out, still blushing, and told me that the girls name was
    Victoria and would be over at our house early in the morning.

    The next stop was at the lingerie store, and we picked out several
    G-Strings for Cheryl to wear, all with transparent lace fronts, 
    and all a size too small.  We also bought several pairs of 
    stockings, some garter belts and two white lace teddy's.  After
    that we stopped by a few other stores and bought some more 
    revealing blouses.

    We walked out of the last store with my arm behind her,
    stroking her ass through her short skirt.  To get back to the car 
    we had to go upstairs.  Instead of taking the escalator, I told 
    Cheryl to walk up the stairs in front of me, and was able to see 
    that anyone more than a few steps below could see right up her 
    skirt and could see her bare ass cheeks.  When we got to the 
    landing halfway up, I made her stop with her back to the stairs. 
    "Do you realize that anyone who looks can see your bare ass". I 
    said to her, "Do you like the thought of strangers staring at you,
    naked, seeing your ass?"

    "Yesss, Daddy, yes," she blished, "It's hot, I'm embarassed, but I
    love it at the same time".

    "Good, now spread your feet a few more inches, let them see your
    cunt, your hairless pussy lips"

    "Oooh, Daddy", she whispered, "are you sure, should I?"

    "I'll decide whther it's ok," I growled, "and I want you to show 
    people your naked cunt. I want them too see my daughters sex, do 
    you understand?"

    "Yes, Daddy, I'm sorry" she muttered, and spread her feet about 
    eighteen inches.  I looked over her shoulder and watched the faces
    of the few people approaching the stairs.  One older man looked up
    and gulped, before hurrying passed us as though he hadn't seen 
    anything.  Then a younger black guy, about 30 came along and 
    noticed Cheryl at the top of the stairs.  He bent down and 
    pretended to work on the laces of his tennis shoes, all the while 
    staring up at her exposed body.  Standing in front of her so that 
    no-one could see, I told her to reach down and scratch her inner 
    thigh, and then to move her finger up to her pussy and rub it 
    quickly.  She did as I instructed and the guy almost choked as he
    watched my little daughter stroke her smooth pussy lips.

    Not wanting to cause any problems, we rushed out of the mall to 
    the car before the guy could recover, but I could tell from 
    Cheryl's breathing that she was very turned on.

    When we got back to the house, we went into my bedroom and I had 
    Cheryl model some of the clothes we had bought.  The blouses were
    thin enough that you could see the shadow of her dark nipples 
    underneath them, and soft enough that they made hard little points
    in the material.  Next I had her put one of the G-strings on and 
    she pulled it tight up on her waist.  As she did, her bare pussy 
    lips bulged around the sides of the crotch, making it disappear 
    between them.  It was the hottest thing I had seen for a long 
    time, and Cheryl loved the way it felt.  When she put one of the 
    skirts on, I could see the G-string underneath due to the thinness
    of the material and the lack of lining.

    It was now almost time for her date, and we talked about what I 
    wanted her to do during the evening.  I told her that she should 
    flash her tits and pussy every chance she got, but only when she 
    thought it was relatively safe, I didn't want her being arrested. 
    "And, don't forget, I expect your little slut pussy to be full of
    hot cum when you get home tonight, I'll be waiting in my
    bedroom, and I'm going to inspect you as soon as you get in the 
    door, and I'll want to hear about everything you did".

    "Don't worry, Daddy", she panted, "I'm sure Bobby will fill me to 
    overflowing during the night.  I'll have a lot to show you when I 
    get home."  With that she kissed me passionately, pushing her 
    toungue into my mouth and swirling it around.  "I'm going to bring
    you lots of cum, Daddy," she whispered between kisses, "I'm going
    to get Bobby to fill me for you, I'll be so sloppy you won't 
    believe it."

    A few minutes later, she had gone, and I settled down to watch TV 
    and wait out the hours until she returned.  As I lay on the bed 
    later that evening I couldn't get the thought of my daughters bare
    pussy, enclosed in lace, out of my mind.  Curling up under the
    sheets, I tried to relax and, the next thing I knew I heard her 
    walking into the house; I had fallen asleep.

    Cheryl entered the bedroom and smiled down at me.  With our new 
    relationship she hadn't bothered to try and look decent after 
    being with Bobby, her hair was a mess, her makeup was gone, and 
    her blouse was out of her skirt and undone almost to the waist. 
    "Hello Daddy," she grinned, "are you ready for me, I had such a 
    hot time tonight, I can't wait to tell you, and wait till you see 
    what I've got for you!"

    She started to undress in front of me, pulling off the blouse and
    letting the skirt slip to the floor.  I stared at her crotch; she 
    was still wearing the G-String, but it was pulled up completely 
    into her body, exposing her swollen pussy lips, bulging around the
    lace.  Looking up at her tits, I could see her nipples were even 
    more swollen and hard than ever, and she had bite marks all around
    them, and up towards her neck.  "Come here, my little slut
    daughter, come and tell me all about your evening."

    She crawled into the bed along side me and kissed me, opening
    her lips.  I slid my toungue into her mouth and tasted a mixture 
    of salt and cum.  Breaking the kiss she looked at me and said "Can
    you taste it Daddy?  I did it again, I drank my piss for him,
    Bobby loves to see me do it and it was even hotter this time."

    "Whoa, baby, start at the beginning, I want to hear everything."

    "Ok", she giggled, as I rubbed and pinched her nipples between my 
    thumb and finger, "We drove into Hollywood this time and went to 
    a movie there.  We sat in the middle of a row at towards the back,
    thinking we would be alone.  After the movie started, Bobby 
    started to stroke my legs and pretty soon I had them spread wide 
    and he reached my pussy.  He almost choked when he felt my bare 
    skin, he made me pull my skirt up and push my G-string to the side
    so he could see my hairless pussy.  It was then that I looked 
    around and realized that a another couple of kids had sat down in 
    the same row, about six seats from us.  The guy was farthest away 
    from us, and as he leaned over to kiss his girlfriend he saw me 
    sitting there with my legs spread and my skirt hiked up.  He kept 
    kissing her and staring at me for a long time, and then whispered 
    to her and she watched Bobby playing with me as well.  Bobby 
    couldn't get over my smooth lips and kept pushing his finger into 
    me and then rubbing the juice over them, making me wet and 
    slippery all over."

    "By the time the movie was half over, I had cum about three or 
    four times and was soaking wet.  The boy and girl just kept
    staring at me as I let them watch Bobby play with my cunt and
    make me cum."

    As she was talking to me, I was cuddling my daughter and kissing 
    and licking her nipples, pinching them between my teeth, and then 
    moving up to her ear and tongue-fucking it while I stroked her
    back and squeezed her ass.

    "Then Bobby whispered to me that he wanted me to do it again.  I 
    asked him what he meant, and he said he wanted to see me piss 
    again!  I said okay, as soon as we were out of the theater, but he
    said no, he wanted to see it now!  We had bought a couple of 
    cokes, so he drank one and emptied the paper cup.  He held it 
    between my legs and told me to do it.  I slid forward a couple
    of inches and tried to relax.  At first it wouldn't come, I was 
    nervous about the kids down the row seeing me.  But Bobby kept 
    talking to me and telling me how he wanted me to do it in public, 
    how hot it made him, and eventually I let go and filled the cup to
    about halfway.  I looked over at the couple, they were just 
    staring at me as I peed.  After I finished, I reached down and took 
    the cup from Bobby and licked his fingers clean.  Then, while he 
    and the couple watched me, I drank two or three mouthfuls from 
    the cup and swallowed it, I drank most of my hot piss back into 
    my body!  Oh, Daddy, it was so dirty, so exciting, I loved it."

    "After the movie, we went to one of the burger joints on Sunset 
    Boulevard where you sit outside.  As we ate, I kept my legs open 
    and let people see me, see my soaking wet G-string disappearing 
    into my pussy. It was so exciting Daddy, I really got off on
    people seeing me, looking at my body."

    "I'm glad, baby, because I'm going to make you show yourself to a 
    lot of people, don't forget Victorias' coming over tomorrow!  Now,
    what did you do next?"

    "Well, after we ate, we drove back through Griffith Park and 
    stopped there for a while.  Bobby picked another spot where there 
    were other cars with people making out, and parked between them 
    again.  He told me to strip and this time I didn't even hesitate, 
    I just took all my clothes off and hoped the people next to us 
    would see.  We kissed and messed around for a while and then 
    Bobby said he wanted to fuck me.  I started to squat over his 
    cock, but he said no, he wanted to fuck me in my ass, he wanted to
    feel his cock deep in my asshole.  I turned around on the seat so 
    I was facing the window and Boby knelt behind me.  First he licked
    and sucked my hole, making it wet, then he straightened up and 
    shoved his cock up my ass, Daddy, right up it!  It felt so good, 
    so dirty, I was really getting off.  As he was fucking me, I 
    looked out the car window into the car next to us and saw another 
    couple in there.  They were messing around and I could see the guy
    sucking and biting on the girls tits.  She smiled at me as I 
    pulled and pinched on my own nipples, and bucked up and down from 
    Bobby's fucking.  Ooh, Daddy, the feel of his cock deep up my shit
    hole was wonderful, he just kept shoving it in, deeper and deeper. 
    Finally, he couldn't hold back any longer, and I felt his cock 
    bulge in my ass, then I felt his cum spurting up into me, it was 
    like boiling oil in there, it was so hot!"

    "After that, he wanted to play around some more, but I wanted to
    hurry back before too much of it leaked out so I made him bring me
    home.  I felt so slutty, sitting in the car with my ass full of
    cum, wearing my G-String soaked in pee, if he had touched me 
    I would have cum right there!"

    I moved my hand down to her crotch and felt the saoking wet 
    material of her underwear.  Pulling the sheets back, I moved down 
    her body and started to suck on the material.  I could taste her 
    pee, and through that the slight flavor of cum.

    I spread her legs wide and stared at her crotch.  The lace 
    G-string was soaking wet with a mixture of piss and cum.  It 
    barely covered her puffy pink cunt lips and narrowed into a string
    which disappeared up between the cheeks of her ass.  I rolled her 
    over onto her stomach, and spread her cheeks.  Her little shithole
    was swollen and pinkish brown, and there were traces of cum around
    the sides.

    "Is it okay, Daddy, I'm sorry it's not in my cunt, do you mind it 
    being in my ass?  It's very full, I've been feeling like I need
    to go to the bathroom."

    "Baby, it's ok, I don't care which hole, I just love to see you 
    full, and I love to suck it out of you."

    I pulled the G-string down her legs and off her feet, and then 
    lay on my back, telling her to squat over me.  I stared up at her 
    naked pussy and pink asshole and then pulled her down to my face. 
    I ran my toungue over her cunt lips, licking the last drops of her
    pee off them, and then up to her rosebud and started to suck.  As 
    I did, she pushed a little, and my mouth filled with slimy cum,

    "Oh, yess, Daddy, you're doing it, you're sucking it out of my 
    ass, I was scared that you wouldn't like it, but you're doing it!"

    I leaned my face back and whispered to her "Yes, Baby-Slut, I'm 
    doing it, I'm sucking Bobby's cum out of your ass, it's still 
    warm, and I can taste you as well, it's wonderful, give it all to 
    me".

    Pulling her to me again, I pushed my tongue deep into her ass and
    put my lips around her hole and sucked harder.  She gave me 
    another mouthful of the hot cream, and I rolled it around in my 
    mouth, savoring the mixed flavor of Bobby's cum and her asshole.

    With one hand I reached up and stroked the slippery lips of her 
    pussy, and pushed one, then two and finally three fingers into her
    body, stroking her clit with my thumb.  She ground down onto my 
    arm and face, and leaned forward, grabbing my cock with her hand. 
    As she rubbed my dick, spreading the precum all over the head, she
    reached for my balls with her other hand.  She started to squeeze 
    and roll them, hurting them, but only just to the point where it 
    was still pleasurable.

    I sucked harder at her ass, getting the last of the slime out of 
    her, and kept fucking her with my fingers as she kept up the 
    assault on my cock and balls.  She started to cum, and shuddered 
    above me, I felt her juice soaking my hand.  I couldn't take any 
    more and, tensing my body below her, gave in to my own orgasm.  I 
    felt the cum boiling up from my nuts, which she was still 
    squeezing, shooting up the shaft of my dick and exploding out of 
    the tip.

    We collapsed and she rolled off to the side, on her back.  I 
    looked at her face, covered in my cum, and pulled her to me.  We 
    cuddled together, glowing in the aftermath of our individual 
    orgasms, while I gently licked her face clean and fed my cum
    to her mouth.

    After we recovered, she got up saying that she really needed to go
    to the bathroom.  I followed her and watched as she sat on the 
    toilet.  She looked up at me and said "I, err, I don't just need 
    to pee, Daddy, I uhmm, I need to do something else as well."

    "I'm sure you do", I replied, "and you're going to do it while I 
    watch.  Remember, our little discussion about you liking to do 
    things in front of people, well, you're going to do everything in 
    front of me".

    "You mean you want to see it, you want to watch me shit?
    Please, Daddy, that's dirty, it's embarassing"

    "I know, my little slut, and I also know how we both like for you 
    to be embarassed, don't we.  Now do it, do it in front of me, I'm 
    going to watch you"

    Her face reddened, but she knew I was serious.  She lowered her 
    eyes and I saw her stomach bulge slightly as she strained her 
    muscles.  She looked back into my eyes, her face crimson, "Please
    Daddy", she whispered.

    I knelt on the floor in front of her and spread her knees wide 
    with my hands, pulling her forward on the seat until I could 
    almost see her asshole. She kept looking into my face and 
    strained again. Suddenly her eyes widenend, and I knew she was
    doing it.  I looked down, stroking her thighs and watched as a 
    small turd appeared from her body.  I moved my hand and stroked 
    her stomach, feeling it tense again as she pushed more out of her 
    bowels.  I straightened up and brought her face to mine.  "You're 
    my baby-slut, and I love you, and I want you to do everything in 
    front of me, everything", I whispered, "Now keep doing it, empty 
    yourself".  My hand felt her push again as I brought my lips to 
    her mouth and we kissed.  I slid my hand down to her crotch and 
    stroked her lips, then her clit, still kissing her and whispering 
    in her ear.  "Do it, slut, show me how dirty you are, show me 
    you'll do everything I tell you to".

    "Yess, yessss," she panted, "Yesss, Daddy, I am a slut, I'll do 
    whatever you want, I'll be dirty for you".  Her eyes squeezed shut
    as the last of the shit exited her body and she came at the same 
    time.

    After cleaning up, we returned to bed and curled up in the spoon 
    position, my arm around her, cupping her breast.  We fell asleep 
    thinking of what was to come tomorrow when Victoria visited.

    As usual, I woke first and got Cheryl up with me.  This time we 
    didn't have sex while we were in the shower, just stroked and
    caressed each other as we washed.  After drying off, I selected a 
    white G-String and white satin blouse for her to wear.

    "That's all?", she asked, "That's all you want me to wear?

    "I think it's too much, actually, but I want you to at least 
    start a little modest.  Now, just to make sure you understand, 
    you're going to do everything I say, and let Victoria do whatever 
    she wants, aren't you my little girl-slut?".

    "Y-yess, Daddy, I'll do anything for you.  But I've never done 
    anything with a girl before, and I don't even know her, she's a 
    stranger, it's going to be very embarrassing."

    At precisely nine, the doorbell rang and I told Cheryl to go and 
    answer it.  I heard girls voices and some giggling, and Cheryl 
    came back into the living room with Victoria behind her.  "Daddy, 
    this is Victoria", she announced, "Victoria, This is my Dad, 
    Pete".

    I looked up at the girl; she was a a fraction shorter than my
    daughter, with long, curly black hair and slightly hispanic
    features.  She was dressed in a tube top and mini-skirt, and 
    anyone could see that she had a beautiful body, although her 
    breasts were very small.

    "Hi, Victoria, glad you could come over, why don't you sit down."

    "Thanks", she replied and sat on the couch opposite me.  As she 
    did, the skirt rode up and revealed most of her tanned, muscular 
    thighs.  Cheryl sat next to her, with one leg up on the couch, 
    slightly revealing her crotch to Victoria.  She looked down at my
    daughters legs and blushed slightly, her lips parted.

    "You're very pretty, Victoria", I started, "very pretty.  Cheryl 
    tells me you were very helpful in the store yesterday."

    "Err, Thank you, Pete.  Yes, you picked out some very sexy clothes
    for her, and I like to help all of our customers, especially if 
    they look like Cheryl!"

    "Do you like what she's wearing now, Victoria?"

    "Oh, Yesss, she looks hot" replied Victoria in a whisper.

    "I agree.  Cheryl, why don't you go and get some more of the 
    things we bought yesterday and show them to Victoria.  Get 
    eveything we bought"

    Cheryl looked at me, and then at Victoria.  Her cheeks were 
    flushed and her eyes were glazed.  She got up from the couch and 
    walked to our bedroom, then returned a few moments later with her 
    arms full of skirts, dresses and lingerie.  Sitting down next to
    Victoria, she started to show her the clothes.  Victoria 
    immediately spotted the white lace teddy's and said "Oh, God, 
    Cheryl, these are so hot, I'd love to see them on".

    "That's a good idea, Cheryl, why don't you model them for us.  I 
    haven't seen you in the teddy's either".

    Cheryl got up, blushing even more, and turned to go to the bedroom
    to change.  "No, why don't you change here, Cheryl, there's no 
    need to be modest, is there Victoria?"

    "Err, no, No, I suppose not"

    Cheryl turned her back slightly to me, and slowly undid her blouse
    and slipped it off her shoulders. Victoria gasped at my
    daughters erect nipples, and then dropped her eyes as Cheryl
    moved her hands to the waistband of the G-String and rolled it
    down her legs, slowly revealing her smooth cunt.

    As she lifted her feet and removed the flimsy piece of lace, 
    Victoria reached out and took it from my daughter, caressing the 
    material with her fingers.  "I love lace", she murmered, "It is 
    sooo sexy".

    I stared at my daughters back, her skin so smooth, and at her slim
    waist and exquisite ass.  My cock was throbbing in my shorts, 
    partly because of her beauty, partly from seeing her strip in 
    front of me and another person.  There and then I decided that I 
    was going to repeat this scene often, with as many different 
    people as possible.

    Cheryl bent over and picked up the teddy.  She stepped into it and
    raised it up over her waist.  She lifted the bodice up over her 
    breasts and pulled the straps over her shoulders.  Turning back so
    that I could see her, she asked "Well, Daddy, do you like it?"

    I looked at her firm body encased in the lace.  Her tits filled 
    the cups and her nipples pushed hard against the material, 
    testifying to her state of mind.  I looked down passed her waist 
    and studied her crotch.  The lace covered her mons and pussy lips,
    but the indentation between her lips was plainly visible.  "Very 
    beautiful, Baby, very sexy, don't you think, Victoria?"

    Victoria reached out and stroked the lace around Cheryls hip, 
    "Ohh, yes, it looks so good, and feels so sensual".  Her fingers 
    traced the leg of the teddy down towards Cheryls crotch.  "Mmmm, 
    your skin is so smooth, Cheryl, so silky."

    "Yes, she's smooth all over, Victoria, I think girls are better 
    that way.  Stroke her skin, feel how nice it is, how warm and 
    soft."

    Victoria looked at me, and then back at Cheryl who was blushing 
    furiously now, although her nipples had hardened even more, 
    something I didn't think was possible.  Victoria reached out again
    and ran her fingers up Cheryls' thigh.  They traced their way up 
    her leg and hesitated momentarily at her crotch, before sliding 
    under the lace and over the bulge of her mons.  I watched her 
    fingers slowly stroking under the lace.  "Ohh, Cheryl, you feel so
    good".  As her fingers moved lower, Cheryl parted her legs 
    slightly.  The pressure of Victorias hand on the lace crotch of 
    the teddy was too much, and the snaps popped open, revealing her 
    fingers cupping my daughters pussy.  She pulled my daughter 
    towards her by her cunt with one hand, and with the other reached 
    up and pushed the now loose lace up above Cheryls' stomach.

    Victoria leaned forward and started licking Cheryls stomach, 
    slowly moving down to her cunt.  As her lips moved closer to my 
    daughters clit, Victoria moved her hand backwards between Cheryls'
    legs and played with her asshole.

    Within moments she had her tongue deep in Cheryls cunt and her 
    fingers deep in her shithole.  I looked up at my daughters face 
    and our eyes met.  Cheryl tensed and shuddered and then groaned as
    her orgasm hit her.  Her tits heaved inside the lace teddy and her
    knees crumpled as she fell to the couch, panting.

    Victoria lifted her face from between Cheryls legs and looked up. 
    With her hands she stroked up her body revealing her tits and 
    pinching her long hard nipples.  "You know, Cheryl, nipples like 
    these are just too good to waste, they are so long, so hard, you 
    should really have them pierced and put rings in them, it would be
    so hot, so sexy!"

    Cheryl's eyes opened wide with shock and fear, but it was already 
    too late.  I had heard the suggestion and immediately knew it had 
    to be done.  The thought of some strange guy in a tattoo parlor 
    fondling my little girls tits and piercing them, was too much, too
    exciting to be denied.  Then another vision hit my mind, that of 
    the same guy fondling her bare cunt as he tattoo'd her pussy. 
    Without having touched either the girls or myself, I exploded, 
    soaking my shorts with cum.  Cheryl saw what happened and groaned,
    knowing what was going to happen, without us even sharing a word.
 
    Stay tuned for the next chapter..... coming soon in 1993!

--
