-----------------------------------------------------------------------                                                             
                           STRAIGHT LACED                                                                                           
-----------------------------------------------------------------------                                                             
                                                                                                                                    
Some time ago, but by no mean, far away, there was this guy. His name was Jeff.                                                     
Every day, Jeff would work out hard, building and tanning his beautiful body                                                        
from head to toe.                                                                                                                   

One day, on a jog through his favourite park, he came upon two guys holding                                                         
holding hands. "Fags", he yelled, hoping that he could pick a fight. But,                                                           
neither of the guys could care less, calling Jeff nothing less than perceptive                                                      
as they continued to hold hands and start to kiss.                                                                                  

This upset Jeff a bit, but he continued on his jog. He was getting out of                                                           
breathe and he noticed that he had been running harder and faster because of                                                        
his run in with the two faggots. Almost on the verge of exhaustion, he bent                                                         
over facing the ground with his hands at his knees, huffing and puffing like                                                        
the largest of locomotives.                                                                                                         

All of a sudden, he felt a hand on his sweaty back. He jumped. He hadn't heard                                                      
anyone behind him and he was startled somewhat by the hand.                                                                         

It was a good friend of his, James.                                                                                                 

"Hi guy", said James, "Didn't mean to startle you like that!"                                                                       

"Oh...it's okay, I was just a bit out of it. I was thinking about two guys I                                                        
saw earlier. It really got my gander up."                                                                                           

"I think I know the ones you mean...Wally and Chuck. So what's the problem?"                                                        

"What do you mean what's the problem? Those guys are fags!"                                                                         

"So...so am I."                                                                                                                     

"WHAT? You've gotta be kidding?"                                                                                                    

"No. I'm not kidding. Fact is...I think you're gay too. Admit it Jeff!"                                                             

"Now you're really joking! Get away from me you queer"                                                                              
 
With that, Jeff gulped some air and sped off, leaving James standing there                                                          
shaking his head in disgust.                                                                                                        

Jeff ran so hard he could hardly breathe and his chest thumped with each                                                            
contraction of his heart.                                                                                                           

When he reached home he ran up to his room and locked the door behind him. He                                                       
slumped himself onto the bed and tried to relax. It was then that he noticed                                                        
a very large bulge in his shorts.                                                                                                   

He sat up and pulled off his tank top, throwing it to one side. It landed on                                                        
a half eaten pizza. The room was a mess, but Jeff looked great and he was now                                                       
tugging at his shorts. They were making him unconfortable - what with this                                                          
incredible salami for a dick!                                                                                                       

He picked up a magazine from the floor and started thumbing through it as he                                                        
sat back down on the bed, now clad in socks and underwear. His cock could be                                                        
seen poking past the waistband.                                                                                                     

He lay back with the magazine open and beside him on the bed. He reached into                                                       
his undies and started to rub his crotch, harder and harder. The picture in                                                         
the magazine was of some bodybuilder, posing his best. Jeff was obviously                                                           
unsure of his emotions regarding his sexual orientation. James may have been                                                        
right about Jeff. In any case, he worked his meat faster and faster!                                                                

His other hand moved down too, and he placed it in back of him with one finger                                                      
tickling his anus, then all of a sudden, it went in, right up to the nuckle.                                                        
He moaned and tossed from side to side and he jerked harder and faster. His                                                         
tongue wagged and licked his lips and he rolled to one side, licking the photo                                                      
in the magazine. Jeff must have been gay. He just didn't know it!                                                                   

Suddenly, a shot of cum flew onto the magazine, and another past Jeff's head.                                                       
He must have really been saving it up...but he had worked it loose now and it                                                       
just kept cumming. His chest was covered and still his cock throbbed. His                                                           
finger worked hard and fast in that tight, dark hole making the sensation last                                                      
and last and last. Finally, it stopped and Jeff lay there still, his arms limp                                                      
from there workout.                                                                                                                 

Something moved off near the window. He moved quickly. It was James. He was                                                         
looking in the window. He must have seen everything. He'd now know that his                                                         
suspicions about Jeff were nothing other than fact. Jeff sighed and invited                                                         
James in through the partially open window.                                                                                         

"I was afraid James. I just couldn't say anything."                                                                                 

"It's okay Jeff," said James," just promise me one thing?"                                                                          

"Name it!", came Jeff, "Anything!"                                                                                                  

"Fuck me!", said James, as he jumped knocking Jeff back onto the bed.                                                               
                                                                                                                                    

