Archive-name: 3plus/stranded.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Stranded


    I was driving home on the highway on a cold and snowy night, when
suddenly an enormous deer appeared before me on the road. I slammed on
the brakes, and swerved, only to lose control in the falling snow. I
managed to miss the deer, but slid about thirty yards off the side of
the road into a waiting snow drift.

    With my car half buried in three feet of snow, I decided to walk
up to the road and wait for help. But as the time was around two in
the morning, and the fact that it was a week night, no one was on the
road. I walked back to my car, and opened my trunk to get the blanket
that had been put there for just such an occasion. I wrapped myself
up, and removed the yellow distress light that I had also placed in
the trunk. I placed the light up by the road, and then climbed back in
my car. I started the engine and looked at my fuel gauge, I tried to
figure how long the car could run on half a tank of gas, and cursed
myself for not filling up sooner.

    I was just starting to nod off, when I noticed lights on the other
side of the road. As they got closer, it looked as though they were
slowing down. I climbed from the car, and ran to the road waving my
arms for help. The approaching lights belonged to a bright red mini
van. The van stopped and then made a U-turn to my side of the highway.
The passenger door stopped inches from my face, and the power window
opened a few inches. A female voice from inside asked what the problem
was, and I just sort of laughed and pointed off into the darkness. I
then picked up the flashlight and flashed it onto my car. She hit the
power door locks and told me I could catch a ride to the nearest town.

    Once inside the van, I laid my eyes upon one of the most beautiful
red heads I've ever seen, about 30 or 35 and very petit. She
introduced herself to me as Lisa, and pointed to a sleeping person in
the back of the van, and told me that that was her niece Carla
sleeping in the back. I introduced myself to her, and thanked her for
picking me up. All the while I couldn't take my eyes off her, I
started to feel a warming in my loins. We started to make some small
talk as we headed back down the road in the direction from which I had
just come from. I told her that I had passed through a town about
twenty miles back. Linda nodded and said I could probably find help
there. I removed my blanket as I was getting very warm in the full
blast heat of the van.

    Linda offered me a beer, which I accepted. She pointed to a small
cooler that was under the seat where her niece slept. As I slid the
cooler from under the seat, I tried to get a glimpse of the sleeping
figure, but she was all rapped in a blanket from head to toe. I
removed a beer and and went back up front to sit. As I popped the top
on the can, something began to stir in the back. Linda yelled "Carla
honey, we've got some company." She said this with a rather sheepish
grin, and I thought I caught her eyeballing my lower half. Carla
groaned something, and rolled right off the seat onto the floor. I
turned, and gazed upon the young open legs of Carla, clad only in in
her bikini underwear and a sweatshirt. She had kind of fallen in a way
that I could see right between her legs, and could easily make out the
white pantie crotch in the darkness. My cock instantly started to
swell as Carla moved towards the front of the van. She was young,
maybe 18 or 19, with shoulder length blonde hair. She had the face of
her older aunt, and her body looked just as nice. Medium sized tits,
small frame and a small ass. Thoughts of what my 33 year old dick
could do to her began to cross my mind. As I looked back at Linda, I
definitely caught her looking at my bulge. She looked up and smiled,
then said "Yes, I understand, ten years ago I had the same affect on
men." I was shocked and embarrassed, but asked who told her that she
didn't have the affect anymore.

    Linda and I continued to talk, and our conversation turned more
and more to sex. Carla kind of moved up and knelt between the front
seats, every once in a while, she would interject into the talk with
some pretty horny comments.

    Linda kept telling me about age taking its toll, and I finally
asked her to prove it to me. She laughed a little and said that might
just be possible. Just then, the lights of town appeared, and we saw
the local motel sign flashing. Carla went into the back and started to
put her clothing on, Linda asked me if I really wanted proof. In total
disbelief, I told her I would be more than happy to put any wives
tales to rest for her. We pulled into the motel, and I jumped from the
van to go to the office. I glanced at my watch (it was about 3:30 AM)
and wondered if anyone would be there. As I opened the office door, a
pretty southern girl emerged from a backdoor looking rather cluttered
and rustled. She was breathing a little short, and I couldn't help
wonder what she had been up to. I told her about my car, and asked for
a room for the night. She gave me a key and the usual formalities. I
signed for the room, and started out the door for what I hoped to be
one of the biggest nights of my life. As I looked back, the desk clerk
was opening the door to the back room and I thought I saw a half
dressed girl on the other side.

    With my tool on fire, I motioned to Linda and pointed to the door
of the room. I unlocked the room door, and entered. I waited with the
door open, and Carla came running to room. She said her aunt would be
in shortly. Carla removed a couple beers from the cooler she carried
in, and offered me one. I opened my beer and Carla told me that they
had stayed at this place before, and said they have a great selection
on the tube. With that, she flipped on the TV and to my astonishment,
I saw the country clerk with her head buried between two long legs.
She was feverishly eating some pussy, and the girl belonging to it was
thrashing about the bed obviously enjoying the tongue job. Carla
reached over and grabbed the bulge in my pants, and asked me if I
liked their Motel so far. Just then, Linda walked through the door,
and striped her clothing off and ordered Carla to do the same.

    As Carla removed her clothing, Linda began to seductively rub her
own body. She asked if I thought her figure had still held it's shape.
I could only stare and admire her tight body. Carla had lifted her
shirt, and Linda began to rub her tits and unzip her jeans. She tugged
on Carla's pants, and pulled off panties and pants in one move. All
this being too much for me, I removed my own clothing and began to
stroke my throbbing cock. Carla and Linda embraced each other, and the
two bodies mirrored each other.

    Linda spun her niece around, and told me to inspect her body and
compare the two. I stood, and reached out to rub her beautiful tits. I
leaned towards her mouth, and our tongues feverishly attacked each
other. I dropped my hand to her soaked pussy, and found Linda's
fingers already there. The three of us fell onto the bed, and I buried
my head between Carla's legs. I licked my way up to the light blonde
hair that barely covered her pussy. Her taste was wonderful, so fresh
and young. Linda reached down, and started working on my eight inch
member. Pulling and stroking while I drove Carla crazy with my tongue.
She started sucking on me and expertly brought me to the point of
climax about five times, only to stop and pinch my cock to keep me
from shooting my wad. Carla began to moan loudly, as did the girls on
the TV. She started rolling from side to side, and Linda reached up
inserted a finger up her twat, removed it, and jammed it up Carla's
ass. Carla went insane and violently shook as she filled my mouth with
her juices as she came. Linda removed her finger, rolled me over and
speared my cock into the hottest pussy I've ever been in.

    She rode me like no women has ever done before, bucking and
moaning. Reaching down to her pussy, she started rubbing her clit.
Carla mounted my face, and once again I started to tongue the horny
bitch. Again, Linda reached around her and slipped a finger in her
ass. Almost instantly, I was gasping for air as the flood from her
climax smothered my face. They both rose, and Linda got down on all
fours so I could mount her from behind. As I did, Carla crawled
beneath us and started to eat her aunts pussy while I fucked her.
Linda rocked back as I continued to pound my dick in her hole. I could
hold back no more, and withdrew my dick from the wet folds Linda and
started to spew my load. Almost instantly, Carla's mouth found my meat
and began pumping me for all my fluids. I collapsed on the floor, as
the two girls continued to tongue each other. Linda slipped her own
fingers in her ass and pussy, pumping so fast you could only see a
blur. Then suddenly she shot a clear fluid all over her niece's face.

    I had never seen anything like it, instantly my dick grew hard
again. I crawled on the floor to taste the fluid off her face. It was
incredible, and I continued to lick her face until it was dry. With
that, Carla opened her young legs wide and guide my dick into the
blazing hole. I had to pump several times to stuff it all into her
tight orifice. But it was well worth the wait. Her young pussy was so
tight, I almost came instantly. I started humping her wishing it could
always be like this. As I continued to fuck her, I looked up at the TV
and noticed the action had stopped, infact, it looked as though they
were watching us. Just sitting, facing the camera and masturbating
each other.

    Carla pushed me off her, and rolled over begging for me to stick
it up her ass. Linda grabbed my dick, and helped me pack it into her
butthole. As I did, she started to sweat and scream, shoving four
fingers into her pussy and working her clit with the thumb. I knew she
wouldn't last long, and thrust my entire staff into her tight bum.
Carla shook violently and collapsed on the floor, totally drawn and
satisfied. My rod popped out, and Linda cleaned it off with her
tongue. She laid back, and asked me to give it to her again.

    I shoved my dick back into her firery red tunnel, and we I pumped
and pumped for what seamed like hours, Linda came over and over,
flooding our loins with her special cum. Our thighs just slipping and
sliding, her ass was soaked, as it laid in a puddle of juices.
Finally, I could stand no more, and pumped for all I was worth. I
could feel it boiling in my balls, and then, Carla emerged and jammed
her finger in my ass. I shoved my cock and half my nuts up Linda's
twat as we both exploded. Juices flowing from her folds and saturating
my stomach and thighs. I collapsed on her heaving chest, only to look
up at the TV and view the applause. Exhausted and confused, I rolled
over and fell asleep amongst a pile of bodies.

    I awoke with Linda and Carla still at my side, and they later
explained that Linda owned the motel and this one of their favorite
pastimes. And that the clerk had seen Linda's van, so she gave me the
special room key. She explained how the close circuit TV worked, and
we watched the tape that had been made of our previous evening. We
were joined by the two girls from the other room, and spent two more
days at nothing but sucking and fucking. I finally had to go, and it
took two tow trucks to remove my car, since six more inches had fallen
since the incident. But I finally left, and swore to return again next
year. I can't wait. I'm going to bury my car so deep, it'll take weeks
to get it out.

--
