Archive-name: 3plus/strgpart.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Pleasures of going to Strange Parties


  She was bored.
  People laughed, danced, talked, and drank. Her friends were out there
doing one of those things. Her eyes swept around the room. She was
beginning to regret coming to this party.
  A hand wrapped around her arm. She swung around to see the drunk guy,
grinning at her. He had been bothering her all night. The drunkard let
his eyes slide up and down her body, grinning with aggroance
confidence.
  "Leave me alone, please."
  "Come with me to the pool. You'll enjoy it, I promise."
  She sighed and glance around her, looking for her friends who could
help her out. Then her eyes met a pair of gorgeous blue eyes. Her heart
skipped a beat as she smiled seductively.
 "I'm sorry." She brushed him, going to the guy standing across the
floor. She merged and bumped through a mass of dancing bodies. Her eyes
held his as she neared. She hugged him, surprising him, and whispered
in his ear. "Dance with me."
 They whisked off to the floor, dancing in each others arms. They were
very consicous of each other as their bodies moved in tune with the
music. She smiled. "Thanks for playing along. That guy wouldn't leave me
alone."
  "Glad to help a damsel in distress." He remarked. "It's not often
that I get swept by a lovely woman as you."
  Laughing, she asked, "Want to go out to the pool. I heard that it's
pretty fun out there."
  He replied with a lopsided grin, "That is if you're interested in an
orgy."
  "An orgy?"
  He nodded.
  "Forget it then." She said. "Thanks for the rescue."
  The music ended and she smiled as she left. He looked after her, his
dick growing hard.
  Across the room, the drunk guy stared at the lady leaving the dance
floor.
  She slipped out the door to the pool and people in the pool doing
kinky stuff. She scanned around the scened and saw that there were no
people at the deep end. She shook her head as she headed to the bathroom.

  She laid the towel by the pool and slid in. She sighed with relief.
Muttering to herself, "This is defintely good."
  She began to do simple strokes across the deep end.
  A man emerged from the shadows and dropped his towel on the deck. He
dove in the pool to the lady. He swam to her from behind and slid a
hand across her stomach. Pulling her toward him, he whispered. "Let's
have fun."
  She relaxed aganist him, holding on to the edge of the deck. She
thought, Hell, it won't hurt to have fun.
  She arched her hips as he slid his finger under her bikini and
fingered her clitoris. She let out a moan. He took her bathing suit
off. Then he took his off. She wrapped her slim legs around his leg.
His rigid shaft pressed aganist her buttocks. He nuzzled her neck as
his fingers teased her. His other hand carressed her breast. She squirmed
a little then moaned, "Now."
  He entered her tight opening, causing her to gasp. One of her hands
snaked around and clutched his butt. He moved in and out of her. She
arched as she met his every thrust. She had never felt so good. She kept
on moving aganist him, meeting him. He marveled at on how tight her vagina
was. His hand moved to cup her breast as the other held on to the deck.
  His dick was swelling a little and she felt it. She contracted her
muscles. He spurted his juices inside her as she shrieked. They reached
to a climax, the one they wouldn't forget.
  She shuddered, holding on to the deck. He withdrew, whispering.
"Thank you."
  She softly said, "No, Thank you. It's been so long."
  He chuckled as he swam away. She stayed at where she was, panting.

  She emerged out from the steamy bathroom, bumping into that drunk. He
smiled lecherously. She froze, forcing out a stiff smile. And went past
him. She looked around the dance floor and saw him, the one with
beautiful eyes. She went to him, smiling. "You ought to check the pool
out. It's nice. Great actually."
  Her heart skipped a beat as he smiled sexily and winked at her. "Thanks,
I already have..."

--
