Archive-name: 3plus/strip.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Strip Visit


        Jerry was spending a few days with his old high school buddy, Dave,
and his wife, Bobbie.  Jerry hadn't seen Dave in years, and when he found that
he would be in their town on business he had called to say hello.  Dave had
insisted that he stay with them, instead of at a motel.

        That evening, after a good dinner, the three of them were sitting in
the den sipping wine and talking.

        "By the way, Bobbie, how did your class go today?" Dave asked his wife.

        "Great," she grinned.  "Wait until you see what we learned today."

        "I can hardly wait," Dave grinned.

        "What kind of class are you taking?" Jerry asked.

        Bobbie grinned wickedly.  "Strip-tease dancing!"

        "You're kidding," Jerry laughed.

        "Yeah, a group of girls talked one of their friends, who used to be a
stripper, into teaching them the bumps and grinds," Dave told him.  "They have
promised to have a party and all the wives are going to dance for all the
husbands when they graduate!  Of course, Bobbie is giving me a preview of what
they did after every class."

        "Yeah, he really gets off on it," Bobbie grinned.

        "How many girls are in the class?" Jerry asked.

        "There are three of us, not counting the teacher," Bobbie told him.

        "When is graduation?" he asked.

        "Tomorrow night!" Dave told him.  "I can hardly wait!"

        "He just wants to see Margie Jackson strut her stuff!" Bobbie laughed.
"She's got the biggest pair of tits you've ever seen."

        "I want to watch you strut around in front of those other guys, too,"
Dave said with a gleam in his eye.  "Hey, you'll still be here, maybe they'll
let you go to the show."

        "Hey, I thought of that while I was at class and asked if we could
bring him," Bobbie said.  "All the girls want him to come. I think they like
the idea of dancing in front of somebody they don't know.  Besides, Gloria's
husband is out of town, so we were going to be one man short."

        "Great," Dave enthused.  "Hey, I've got an idea," he said, "why don't
you dance for Jerry?"

        "Now?" Bobbie asked.

        "Yeah," Dave encouraged her.

        "I think I'd like to do that," Bobbie said.  "How about it, Jerry,
would you like to see me strip?"

        "Would I!" Jerry said.

        "OK, Dave you put the tape in the stereo while I get ready," she told
him.  "And you guys sit on the sofa."

        Bobbie left the room and Dave put a tape in the stereo and rewound it.
The two men positioned themselves on the sofa, facing the center of the room.
Jerry sat on one end of the sofa with Dave on his left.

        "You're really going to like this," he grinned.  "This gal has taught
them some really raunchy stuff.  It's great."

        "OK, Dave, turn on the music," Bobbie called from the other room.

        Dave quickly switched on the tape and got back to his seat. The music
started and Bobbie came strutting into the room.  She was wearing a miniskirt
which came down to about mid-thigh and a short blouse which was not buttoned,
just tied together just below her tits, along with a pair of high heeled
shoes.  She stopped in the middle of the room, and slowly turned around in
front of them. Then she began to dance, weaving and bumping and grinding in
time, to the music, her long black hair tossing as she danced, her hips
swivelling smoothly with the music.

        Bobbie turned her back to the men and slowly began to slide the
miniskirt up her legs, rolling her firm, rounded ass at them. Jerry felt his
prick beginning to stiffen!

        When the skirt was just below her ass, she bent over, her legs
straight and slightly apart.  As she leaned over, Jerry could see just the
bottom of the crotch of a pair of black panties!  Then she swung back around
facing them.  Rolling and grinding her hips, she brought her hands up to her
head, then slowly down to her breasts. Jerry didn't know where he wanted to
look the most, to see what she was going to do with her hands or to watch her
crotch, where the miniskirt was still clinging at crotch level and promising
to give a peek of her panties again.

        He decided to watch her hands when she cupped her breasts through the
blouse.  She squeezed and rolled her boobs, making the gapping open front of
the blouse alternately open farther and close.  Her hands slid down to the
knot between her breasts and she slowly and teasingly undid it.  Then, ever so
slowly, she drew the blouse open, gradually exposing the sloping insides of
her tits. When the blouse was open almost to the nipples, she drew the blouse
up to expose the bottoms of her breasts, keeping the nipples covered.  Then,
suddenly, she jerked the blouse wide open!  She had on pasties!  Her breasts
were beautiful, large and firm!

        Shrugging her shoulders, she let the blouse slide down her arms to the
floor.  Then, slowly, she began to squat down, her knees together, but pointed
straight at Jerry.  When she reached a squatting position, she slowly began to
open her legs.  At first, all Jerry could see was the smoothe inside of her
thighs. But then, gradually, he could see the crotch of her black panties.
When her legs were wide apart, she leaned back on her hands, slowly rotating
her pelvis in time with the music.

        "You really like this, don't you?" she asked Jerry, eyeing the bulge
in his pants.  Jerry just grinned, glancing down at the tent his dick was
making in his lap.  Hearing a zipper, he glanced sideways at Dave.  Dave had
unzipped his pants and had his dick out, sticking straight up out of his
pants, hard as a rock!

        Bobbie stood back up and unzipped the skirt.  She let it slowly slide
down her legs and kicked it off.  Now she danced in front of them with nothing
on but the pasties, a pair of black bikini panties, and the high-heeled shoes.
She kicked the shoes off and turned her back, rolling her ass at them.

        Slowly, she began to roll the bikini panties down, gradually exposing
the crack of her ass.  When the panties were rolled down below her ass, she
turned to face them.  She was wearing a G- string.  She pushed the panties
down and stepped out of them.

        Bobbie stood in front of Jerry, about 3 feet away, rolling her hips
and looking at the huge bulge in his pants.  She licked her lips.

        "If you really like what I'm doing, why don't you do what Dave is
doing!" she told him.  Jerry looked over at Dave and saw that he was jacking
on his prick, his fist slowly sliding up and down his hardon.

        "Yeah, take that thing out and show her how much you like her!" Dave
told him.

        Jerry unzipped his pants and unsnapped his boxer shorts.  His dick
sprang out of the opening, standing up big and proud!  Bobbie licked her lips
again, watching as he slowly slid his hand up and down his big shaft.

        Turning her back, Bobbie bent forward at the waist, giving Jerry a
view right up between her legs.  She looked back at him from between her legs,
eyeing his stroking fist.  Then she straightened up and moved sensuously over
in front of Dave.  She leaned toward him and said, "Take one."

        Dave reached out and closed his finger tips around one tit. He let his
fingers slowly milk their way down her breast until he got to the pastie.
Then, taking the pastie between his fingertips, he pulled it off!  Her nipple
was swollen to a hard point.  Dave tweaked it between thumb and forefinger.
Bobbie reached down and gave the end of his dick a squeeze, then pulled away
from him.

        Dancing up in front of Jerry, she leaned forward.

        "Do you want to take the other one off?" she asked him.

        "Yeah, take it off of her," Dave told him, the excitement making his
voice low and husky.

        "Wow, yes," was all he could say.

        "OK, but you have to do it with your mouth," she told him. She leaned
forward and cupped her breasts, bringing the left one to his mouth.  He opened
his mouth and gripped the pastie with his teeth.  She pulled back and it came
off, exposing a large pink nipple, swollen to a hard point!  Jerry let the
pastie drop from his mouth as she brought the other tit up held the breast up
to his lips.

        "Lick it," she told him.  He extended his tongue, licking the soft,
swollen nipple.  She removed that one and brought the other one to his lips.

        "Suck her tits," Dave said, jacking on his dick.

        "Suck it," she said.  He took the nipple between his lips and began to
suck on it.  After a few moments, she pulled her tit away from him and
straightened up, backing a few steps away from him. She slid her hand down
over her belly, sliding her middle finger down under the top of the G-string.
Behind the thin wisp of cloth, she began to stoke her clit.

        "If you want to see more, you're going to have to SHOW YOUR
APPRECIATION, like Dave is doing," she told him.  Jerry glanced at Dave and
saw that he had taken his pants and shorts completely off. He was leaning back
on the sofa with his legs spread.  His big prick was sticking straight up, his
fist slowly pistoning up and down on it!

        Jerry grinned and quickly removed his pants, shorts, shoes and socks.
His dick stuck straight up in the air!

        "Oh, Yes," she breathed in appreciation, as he took his prick in his
hand and wiggled it at her.  Slowly, he began to slide his fist up and down on
it.

        "Now, show me more," he told her.  She smiled and pushed the front of
the G-string down to the top of her slit.

        "Do you like shaved pussy?" she asked.

        "Oh, Yess," he hissed between clenched teeth.  Slowly, Bobbie pushed
the front of the cloth down farther between her legs, showing more and more
slit.  Then, quickly, she stripped the G-string off, letting it slide down her
legs to the floor!  She moved right up in front of him and spread her legs.
Using her fingers, she pulled her pussy wide open for his inspection,
revealing the glistening dark pink interior, the thick, swollen flaps, the
hard, erect clit, glistening with wetness, the juice oozing from her hole.

        "Keep doing what you are doing with your right hand," she told him,
indicating the hand which was sliding up and down his hard meat, "and feel how
wet I am with the other hand."  Jerry glanced at Dave.  Seeing no objection
from him, he obeyed Bobbie's request. He slid his hand between her legs, his
finger sliding up and down in her slippery slit.  He rolled her clit with his
fingertip, bringing a moan from her lips, then cupped her pussy with the palm
of his hand, his middle fingertip finding the entrance.  He let the fingertip
swirl around in her hole for a few seconds, then pushed it deeper into her.
She groaned, then pulled back a little, pulling away from his hand.

        "OK, you guys stand up," she commanded.  Quickly, they both rose to
their feet, their pricks sticking straight out in front of them.  Then Bobbie
quickly knelt in front of Jerry, pushing his legs wide apart.  She cupped his
balls with one hand and gripped his hard cock with the other.  She slid her
hand up and down the length of his prick, watching the pre-cum juice ooze from
the end. She leaned forward and licked the end of his prick.  Her tongue
swirled around over the big knob, drawing a moan of delight from him.  Then,
parting her lips, she slowly lowered her mouth on him. He watched in amazement
as fully half of his dick disappeared in her mouth.  She slowly slid her lips
back up until only the very tip was still in her mouth, then began to suck him
back into her mouth again.  Up and down his dick her lips traveled, her cheeks
pulled in by the suction she was exerting.  Jerry couldn't believe it.  Here
he was, getting his dick sucked by his friend's wife while his friend watched
and jacked on his dick.

        "Yeah, Bobbie, suck his dick," Dave encouraged her.  Jerry glanced at
Dave and saw that his fist was still moving up and down over his swollen cock,
jacking himself off in time with Bobbie's sucking movements.  Suddenly
releasing Jerry's dick, Bobbie stood up and moved over in front of Dave.  She
turned her back to him and bent over.  Reaching back between her legs, she
took his dick in her hand and brought it to her slit.  Slowly, she pushed back
onto him, and Jerry watched his friend's prick slowly disappear in her pussy.
She held it there for a few moments, then pulled off of it.

        She moved back over in front of Jerry and pushed him down on the sofa.
She dropped to her knees in front of him, pushing his legs wide apart.  Then,
she slowly took his dick down her throat, all the way to the balls!  She
glanced up at him, and began to slowly withdraw until only the end was in her
mouth.

        Looking back at Bobbie, Jerry watched her suck his dick.  She would
slide her mouth far down his dick, taking as much in her mouth as she could,
then slowly back up until only the end was still in her mouth.  Then she would
stop there, sucking on the big knob and licking it with her tongue, then she
would start the whole cycle over again.  Jerry knew he wasn't going to last
long at this.

        "Yeah, Bobbie, suck him off," Dave told her, jacking on his dick as he
watched the action.

        Changing her technique, Bobbie began sucking vicously on the end of
his cock.  Jerry felt his balls tightening!  His dick swelled, he felt the
pressure moving up the shaft of his rod! Suddenly, he groaned and the end of
his prick felt like it was exploding as the first strong spurt of cum shot
into Bobbie's mouth.  She sucked on the end of his dick, her fist pumping his
shaft, as spurt after spurt of cum shot into her mouth.  Her throat worked as
she swallowed, taking each spurt down her throat. Finally, the spurts turned
to a dribble.  She took her mouth off of his prick, slowly sliding her fist up
and down his shaft, pumping the last of his liquid out of him.  She licked the
end of his dick clean, then leaned back and grinned at him, licking her lips.

        Suddenly, Bobbie stood up.  Without a word, she pushed him back and
stood up on the sofa, straddling him.  She brought her pussy to his lips,
holding his head with her hands.

        "Now it's your turn," she told him.

        "Yeah, suck her pussy," he heard Dave say.

        Jerry stuck out his tongue and flicked the end of her clit, drawing a
moan of pleasure from her.  He swirled his tongue around her swollen button,
then licked down along her slit, swirling his tongue in the opening to her
cunt.  He brought his hands up to her ass, gripping her and holding her pussy
against his mouth.  His tongue moved up and down along her slit, licking her
clit and her pussy opening.  He probed between the cheeks of her ass with a
finger.  She groaned when his finger found her asshole and pressed against the
tight opening.  Continuing to lick her pussy, he wormed the end of his finger
up into her rectal opening twisting and pushing until he had it all the way in!

        "Ohhhh, yessss," she gasped.

        "Yeah, suck her pussy and finger her ass," Dave encouraged him.

        Jerry slid his other hand up between her legs and pushed his middle
finger all the way up into her juicy, hot pussy.  He took her clit between her
lips and began to suck on it, twirling his tongue around it as he sucked.

        Suddenly, Bobbie let out a low scream, grabbing his head and pulling
his mouth tightly against her pussy.  Her body quaked and quivered as she
came!  Finally, she pulled away from him and sank down on the sofa between him
and Dave.

        Jerry looked over at Dave, who had a big grin on his face and was
still stroking a tremendous hard-on!  Dave slid down on his knees between
Bobbie's legs and, taking a leg in each hand and holding them up and wide
apart, slid his dick up to the balls in her pussy.  Jerry sat there and
watched Dave's dick glide in and out of Bobbie's pussy.  Dave's prick was
glistening with Bobbie's pussy juice as it slid smoothly in and out of her
well-oiled channel.

        Jerry felt his prick beginning to stiffen again as he watched Dave
screwing Bobbie.  Bobbie's head was thrown back and rolling from side to side.
She seemed to be feeling intense pleasure.  She looked over at him through
glazed eyes.  Spotting his hard-on, she pointed at it and motioned for him to
put it in her mouth.

        "She wants to suck your dick while I'm fucking her!" Dave grinned at
him.

        Jerry got up on the sofa beside Bobbie.  She grabbed his prick and
pulled in to her mouth, sucking the end in between her lips.

        "Fuck her mouth!" Dave told him, as he slid his cock in and out of
Bobbie's juicy pussy.

        Bobbie grabbed Jerry's ass and began to push and pull, urging him to
truly fuck her mouth.  Jerry complied, sliding his dick in and out past her
suctioning lips.  He looked back at Dave, who was leaning back as he fucked
Bobbie's pussy so they could both see his prick sliding in and out of her.
Jerry could see the lips of her pussy opened wide with Dave's cock sliding
smoothly in and out. Her clit was standing up like a little thumb.  She was
moaning around the mouthful of prick which Jerry was sliding in and out past
her lips.  Jerry couldn't believe how good it felt, especially considering
that he had just come.

        "Let's trade places," Dave suggested.  "I'm about to come, and I want
to shoot in her mouth."  He pulled his dick out of her pussy and climbed up on
the sofa on the other side of Bobbie from Jerry. Jerry extracted his cock from
her mouth and stepped down from the sofa.

        "Somebody better fuck me!" Bobbie groaned as Dave rubbed his prick
across her lips.  She opened her mouth and he slid it in. Jerry took a leg in
each hand and raised her feet to rest on his shoulders.  He rubbed the end of
his prick up and down in her juicy slit, then he heard her groan around the
mouthful of dick as he slid it all the way up her cunt.  Her pussy felt like
an oven as it surrounded his cock with wet heat.  He watched her cheeks
alternately puff out and pull in as Dave thrust his prick in and out of her
mouth, going so deep that it looked like he was screwing it down into her
throat.  Bobbie's hand was wrapped around the shaft of his cock, so she was
controlling the depth of his thrusts. Jerry was amazed at how far she was
taking it.

        Jerry looked down at his dong sliding in and out of her pussy. Her
pussy lips were swollen thick and distended around his cock. Her clit was like
a large red marble, sticking out so far that it bumped against the root of his
dick every time he hit bottom in her.  His dick was covered with a thick
coating of her juices, and whatever Dave had leaked into her.  She was so wet
and slick that there was almost no friction, the sensation of fucking her was
more one of intense heat than of actually sliding in and out of her. It was
almost like he couldn't feel the walls of her pussy, but at the same time he
could feel them, softly surrounding his organ.

        Suddenly, Dave let out a grunt.  Jerry looked up just in time to see
Bobbie's fist pumping quickly up and down on his shaft as she madly sucked on
the end of his dick.  Jerry thought he could almost see Dave's dick throb as
he pumped spurt after spurt of cum down his wife's throat.  Bobbie's throat
was working madly as she tried to swallow everything he was pumping into her
mouth, but some was leaking out the corners of her mouth.  Finally, Dave's
cock slipped from her mouth, leaving a thin string of cum from her lips to the
end of his prick.

        Jerry saw the wild look in her eyes and knew that she was very close
to coming.  He began to thrust visciously into her, ramming her so hard that
her tits rolled back and forth.  She began to gasp, then to moan.  She arched
her back and thrust her head back, her eyes clinched tightly closed.
Suddenly, she let out a low-pitched scream and began to quiver all over.  She
was coming!!!

        As Bobbie came down from her orgasm, Jerry just held his dick still in
her, buried to the hilt in her pussy.  When she finally opened her eyes and
looked at him, he just grinned at her.

        She licked her lips and grinned lewdly at him, then began to roll her
pelvis around his dick.  He realized that she still wanted more.  He withdrew
and thrust into her again, then again.

        Suddenly, Jerry pulled back and completely removed his dick from her
pussy.

        "Nooooo," she moaned, feeling the sudden empty feeling when he
withdrew.

        He slid his dick down past her pussy, down between her cheeks. When
she realized where he was going, she pushed against his shoulders with her
feet, not to push him away, but rather to elevate her ass.

        Dave, who had collapsed on the sofa beside them, raised up to watch
what was happening.  He saw Jerry take his dick in his fist and rub the end
around and around Bobbie's puckered asshole.  As he rubbed it around her ass,
the end seemed to screw its way in just a little, her ass opening to allow the
tip to move up inside just a little.  When the entire knob was in, Jerry
paused just a moment.

        With the knob of his dick inside Bobbie's hole, Jerry paused for a
moment.  He knew that the slick coating on his cock would allow him to bury it
to the hilt in her ass with one thrust if he wanted to, but he wasn't sure
that would be wise.  His dick was about the same length as Dave's, but it was
somewhat thicker.  If she wasn't used to one quite that thick, it might hurt
going in.  He decided to test her.  Using short strokes, he began to slide it
back and forth in her butt hole.  She moaned as he withdrew and thrust
forward.  Jerry could see her asshole open to accept his shaft, could feel the
clasping walls surround his cock as each thrust carried him a little deeper.
He was using about half the length of his dick, and he could see her asshole
pucker in and disappear as his shaft slid in and then seem to grasp his shaft
and resist as he pulled back out.  Suddenly, with a grunt of pure lust, he
lunged forward, suddenly shoving the entire length straight up her ass.  Her
eyes popped wide open as his dick slid balls deep up her ass.  She let out a
groan, then a smile began to spread across her face as Jerry began to pump it
in and out of her, fucking her ass with long deep strokes, using the full
length of his dick.

        "Wow," he heard Dave say.  "Now that's ass-fucking!"

        Bobbie groaned in agreement as she rolled her ass around the invading,
thrusting prick.  Jerry's pistoning cock was sliding smoothly in and out of
her now well lubricated butt-hole.  Jerry glanced sideways at Dave and saw
that his dick was hard again.  He was sliding his fist up and down it,
stroking it in time with the big dick going in and out of his wife's rectum.

        Jerry was rubbing Bobbie's slit with his forefinger in time with the
strokes of his dick in her ass.  She was moaning again, obviously nearing
another climax.  Jerry, too, was nearing another climax.  He felt his balls
tightening, felt the swelling, rushing sensation in the shaft of his dick.
Grabbing her legs, he pushed them up until her knees were against her tits,
spreading them wide for his assault.  He began banging her vigorously,
slamming his prick in and out of her ass-hole, his hips slapping against her
ass cheeks.  She let out a groan and began quivering all over as she once
again passed the peak of climax.  Jamming his dick to the hilt in her soft
ass, Jerry groaned as he came, spurting shot after shot of semen deep into her
bowels.  Suddenly, Dave raised up and moved up over Bobbie, jacking on his
prick furiously with his fist.  He let out a gasp as he began to spurt,
shooting his load all over his wife's heaving tits.

        Jerry withdrew his wilting cock from her ass and gently let her legs
down.  She opened her eyes and grinned at them.

        "Wow, guys, now that is what I call getting royally fucked!" she told
them.  They both laughed and grinned their agreement.

--

