     We hire anywhere between 25 and 35 university students
     every year for various jobs.  It always great to have
     young people and bodies around the office.  of course
     very tempting as well.  I have never been involved with
     a summer student while she worked for me (the key is
     while she worked FOR me).  One girl who worked for us
     last year, I met when I was in Toronto in very
     interesting circumstances.
     
     Her name was Joanne.  She was about 19, tall maybe 5'8"
     with black hair and grey eyes (something like you come to
     think of it).  She was slim, but with a good figure
     (36-25-36??).  When she worked with us, we got along
     fine, friendly but no sparks.
     
     She left us in September and went back to school to
     Toronto.
     
     Last November I was in Toronto on business and as I
     usually do, I dropped in at my favourite strip club
     called - FOR YOUR EYES ONLY.
     
     I don't know if you are aware but strippers in Canada
     generally have more freedom than in the US.  We have what
     are called table dances (girl dances right at your table
     inches away from you), lap dances (girl dances for you in
     a semi-private room) and couch dances (girl dances for 
     you in a private room)  Of course all dancers are totally
     naked, but NO touching is allowed.  This is interpreted
     differently by every dancer.  For example some dancers
     will allow you to touch them on the shoulders, arms and
     lower legs.  For others, if you cup your hand they will
     place their tits in it for you.  They of course can touch
     you anywhere.
     
     In fact in a recent Supreme court case, it was ruled that
     in a private room, a guy could masturbate while the girl
     stripped for him!!
     
     I was at the club, It was dark as expected, with one
     stage at the far end.  A girl was dancing.  This was
     obviously her last song as she was naked and lying on the
     stage playing with her pussy.  It was still early,
     perhaps 8:00 o'clock - so the club was half empty.  I
     took a seat at a table close to the stage and ordered a
     beer.
     
     About 8 or 9 girls were wandering around the club, all of
     them dressed in g-strings, half bras and other types of
     lingerie.  As I glanced around the club I noticed that in
     the darkest corner one person was sitting at a table, by
     themselves.  That is not strange as a lot of guys like to
     sit in the dark corners.  However they usually have a
     girl do a table dance or two for them.  This person did
     not have any girls dancing, nor more surprisingly were
     any of the girls wandering over to that corner.
     
     After watching 2 or 3 girls on the main stage none of
     whom thrilled me to any extent, I stood to go to the
     washrooms.  I as walked by the figure at the back, the
     person turned and hid their face.  
     
     Very strange I thought, but maybe a shy married guy
     out on the sly??  As I walked back into the room from the
     washroom, I heard my name whispered.  It was the figure
     at the back table.  I walked over and to my surprise
     realized it was Joanne.  She was wearing a long coat with
     a hood.
     
     She explained that she liked coming to clubs to watch the
     girls strip, not only to watch the girls, but to watch
     the guys as well.   She enjoyed watching guys react to
     the teasing of the strippers.  As we sat and watched the
     next few strippers, we commented on the show by each one. 
     we both agreed that the petite blonde, dressed in red was
     the best.  She seemed to love to tease and really got
     into playing with her tits, nipples and pussy.
     
     While we sat there, several guys and strippers wondered
     off together through a curtain and into a back room. 
     Joanne wondered what was back there.  I explained that it
     was the private dancing area for couch dances.  She
     seemed very interested in the idea.
     
     By this time, both the strippers and the conversation
     with Joanne had given me a nice hard-on, which I know
     Joanne was aware off, first because I had to keep
     adjusting it and secondly because she keep glancing at my
     groin. She was squirming a little in her chair and I was
     sure she was wet and turned on.
     
     I asked her if she had ever seen a table dance or couch
     dance, She replied no but that she would love to.
     
     I called over the cute petite blonde.  She introduced
     herself as Yvonne.  She was french-canadian with a lovely
     accent.  I  explained the situation and she immediately
     seemed very interested.  She said she would check on
     availability of the private rooms and be right back.
     
     She walked off, her ass cheeks swaying, separated by a
     thin red thong.  Both Joanne and I watched her go. We
     looked at each other in silence.  She carefully and
     obviously glanced at my groin.  I responded first by
     moving my hips slowly and then by placing my hand on my
     cock.
     
     She licked her lips and spreading her legs slightly
     placed her hand on her groin.  I smiled and leaning
     forward slowly stroked my hand down the side of her face. 
     Her tongue flicked out and licked my hand.
     
     A cough attracted our attention.  Yvonne was standing
     next to s.  She said that a room was available and we
     should follow her.
     
     We stood and followed her lovely ass cheeks, as she
     walked through  the curtain. I looked at Joanne.  She was
     staring at Yvonne's ass as if she was mesmerized.
     
     We followed Yvonne into a curtained off alcove of the
     room.  She turned and pulled the curtains closed.
     
     I looked around.  We were in a small are, perhaps 6 feet
     by 8 feet with a couch along on wall.  The room had
     mirrors on 3 walls and the curtain separating us from the
     larger room formed the fourth wall.  Yvonne turned to us
     and said.  
     "OK, 10 bucks a dance"
     "How about 50 for 7 dances" I replied, handing her the
     cash.
     "OK, you both have to sit down and NO TOUCHING"
     
     Before sitting down, I removed my suit jacket and
     loosened my tie. I motioned at Joanne to relax and come
     and sit next to me.  She undid her coat and let it fall
     to the ground. 
     
     Both Yvonne and I gasp as we saw what she was wearing. 
     A leather bustiere barely covered her breasts, while the
     black leather miniskirt was short and tight.  As she
     hiked it up to sit, we both noticed that she was naked
     underneath.  I caught a quick look at her pussy before
     she closed her legs on the couch.  
     
     As Yvonne turned and started the music, I reached out and
     cupped my hand around Joanne's tit.  She stiffened and
     then leaned forward to push her breast harder into my
     hand.  We then both watched Yvonne.
     
     Realizing how horny we both were, Yvonne wasted no time
     stripping.  Naked she moved between my legs and moved her
     breasts within an inch of my lips.  She squeezed her tits
     together and pulled on the nipples to get them nice and
     hard.  Joanne spoke in a whisper:  
     
     "do you like those nipples, Don't her tits look good"
     
     Yvonne than turned and slowly moved closer to Joanne,
     swaying her body from side to side.  She turned and bent
     over, placing her ass close to Joanne's face.  I
     whispered:  
     "would you like to suck her pussy? lick her ass?  Would
     you like to watch my cock fuck in and out of her cunt?"
     
     Joanne reached over and grabbed my cock.  She pulled down
     the zipper and pulled it out, stroking me up and down. 
     Yvonne turned and  shoved her ass in my face, rotating it
     slowly in time to the music.
     
     Her pussy was partially shaven and she had nice lips that
     were slightly spread already.  Her pussy looked wet.  As
     I watched she slowly ran a finger along her slit.  Joanne
     said: 
     "I bet that pussy would taste good."
     
     Yvonne then turned and noticed that Joanne had my cock
     out and was stroking it.  She smiled and bending over she
     squeezed her tits around my cock and Joanne's hands.  She
     than whispered: 
     "I bet her tits would feel good wrapped around your cock
     like this!"
     
     As I watched I could see Joanne stroking Yvonne's tits as
     Yvonne held them around my cock.  I reached over and
     tried to undo Joanne's bustiere.  Yvonne stood up and
     reaching over helped me release Joanne's tits.  I
     squeezed and pinched the nipples as Joanne watched Yvonne
     dance and sway inches from her.  One hand slipped down
     and slide between Joanne's legs, She moved forward and
     raised her hips to allow me to slide her skirt right up. 
     her pussy was completely shaven and WET.  I slowly slide
     a finger along her slit, searching for her clit.  
     " Would you like to have her licking your pussy"
      I said as I slid me finger into her nice tight cunt. 
     She moaned and thrust her hips up as Yvonne went down on
     her knees between Joanne's legs.  She licked along
     Joanne's knees towards her pussy.  Joanne was stroking me
     faster and faster. Yvonne soon rose up and started
     dancing again.  She turned around and bent over slowly
     lowering her ass towards my cock, stopping perhaps 5 or
     6 inches away.  She then played with her pussy as we
     watched and played with each other.
     
     I could not hold back and as I started to groan and moan,
     Yvonne turned around and started whispering: 
     
     "cum for me baby, would you like to fuck me, and watch me
     fuck her"  I'd love to getyour nice hard cock up my pussy
     while eating her hot cunt."
     
     As Joanne's hand slide up and down my cock I started to
     cum.  I shot up in the air and Joanne slowly spread the
     cum up and down my shaft. It was great.
     
     When I was finished we both turned our attention to
     Joanne. My fingers were still playing with her pussy,
     slowly sliding in and out.  As I started fucking her
     harder and faster with my fingers,  Yvonne leaned over
     and pressed her tits against Joanne's, rubbing her
     nipples against Joanne's.  I whispered in Joanne's ear:
     
     "can you feel my cock sliding into your pussy, can you
     feel her sucking on your nipples?"
     
     Joanne shuddered and came, pressing hard against my
     fingers and straining her tits upwards against Yvonne's. 
     We both leaned back against the couch and started to
     rearrange our clothing.  As I gave Yvonne a tip I asked
     her if she would like to join us after she finished work. 
     She smiled and said no, but asked us both to come back
     tomorrow night and maybe she would then.  Unfortunately
     I was leaving Toronto the next day.  However Joanne said
     she would come by.
     
     Some other time I will tell you what happened between the
     two of them as told to me later by Joanne.
     
     Joanne and I went back to my hotel room that night and
     ...   I am running out of time here so will continue
     later.  I see Joanne almost every time I travel to
     Toronto, but we have never both of us got together with
     Yvonne again.
