Copyright © 1997,    Raybolt.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.




Strip Poker with Colette and Tammi Chapter 1
by Raybolt

One evening I was invited over to my friend Richard's home.  When I got
there, I was greeted at the door by 7 year old Tammi, a bright little
bundle of energy with short blond hair, wearing a t-shirt and a pair of
short-shorts.  Grandpa had told his granddaughters that I was coming
and Tammi just couldn't wait to meet me.  I picked her up and put her up
on my shoulders for a ride into the house to see what her Grandpa was doing.

The little girl on my shoulders held on tight and laughed and giggled as
I bounced her around.  Her naked young thighs caressing the side of my
face.  She led me through the house, ducking in doorways to keep from
hitting her head.  When we got to the patio, I saw that her older sister,
9 year old Collette, was sitting on the floor watching TV.

Tammi called out to her sister, "Look at me, Colette, Uncle Raybolt is
giving me a ride."

Colette got up and ran to me and gave me a hug and asked, "Do I get to
have a ride too?"

I said, "Sure, Colette, I would love to give you a ride."

I looked at Colette and smiled.  She looked stunning with her long blond
hair and blue eyes.  The short skirt that she was wearing really showed
off her slim legs and thighs.

"Time to get off, Tammi, it's your big sisters turn," I said.

"Do I have to?" complained Tammi, "I like it up here."

"I see you haven't been here 5 minutes and the girls are already fighting
over you," said Richard as he entered the patio.

I picked Tammi up and took her from my shoulders, but not without kissing
both of her little thighs before she got off.  I walked over to my friend
and shook his hand.

"It is so good to see you, thank you for inviting me over and sharing your
adorable granddaughters with me," I exclaimed.

"Well, you still have to give Colette her ride," said Richard.  "You
wouldn't want to break your promise to her."

"No, I wouldn't," I agreed.  "Come here, Colette, lets take a walk around
the house."

With that Colette came over and I picked her up and over my head.  I could
see her little white panties as her skirt could not hide them when she was
above my head, but then I sat her down on my shoulders and could feel them
pressing on the back of my neck.  I grabbed both of her legs at mid-thigh
and began stroking her legs softly as I carried her back into the house.
Colette was laughing and giggling and really enjoying herself as much as
Tammi had earlier.

When we got back to the patio, I took Colette off of my shoulders and then
collapsed onto the floor.  I looked up at the girls and asked, "What would
you girls like to do now?"

Colette smiled at Tammi and then bent and whispered something in her ear.
Tammi giggled and shook her head, yes.  Colette went over to her Grandpa
and whispered in his ear.  He looked at her and said, "Go get the cards."
Colette smiled at me as she left the room.  I almost melted right there.

I turned to Richard and asked, "what was that all about?"

"The girls want to play poker with us," chuckled Richard, "you don't mind
do you?"

"No, that's fine with me," I said as Colette came back into the room with
the deck of cards in her hand.

"So, what are the rules you play poker with?" I asked.

Colette smiled and said, "We wanna play strip poker, Grandpa, OK?"

"Sure, Colette," smiled Richard, "I think our guest would like that very
much."

So we all sat in a circle, with our legs crossed Indian style.  To my right
was little Tammi, with Colette to my left.  Colette's white panties were
stretched tight against her young mound and I could see a hint of what lay
underneath.  Richard sat across from me and took the cards in his hand.
As he shuffled, he explained the rules that they played this game with.

"High hand each round gets to tell all of the others which article to take
off, and the game isn't over until everyone is completely naked."

I looked at both of the girls and knew that they didn't have a whole lot on
to begin with and knew it wouldn't be long before I would see their cute
little bodies minus their clothes.

Richard dealt the first hand, but as luck would have it, little Tammi won
the first round.  She had her sister take off her shoes, but she had both
Richard and I to take off our shorts.

Tammi dealt the next hand and this time Richard won the hand.  He had me
take off my shoes.  He had Tammi take off her shorts and Colette removed
her skirt.

It was my turn to deal, and to my surprise, I dealt myself a really good
hand.  After Richard removed his shoes, I had both girls stand and
remove their panties, cause I couldn't wait to see their cute little slits.
Both girls smiled and sat back down Indian style spreading their pretty
little pussies for Grandpa and I to gawk at.  I couldn't decide which one
I wanted to look at more and so I kept moving my head back and forth to
see as much as I could of both.

Colette dealt the next hand and Richard won. This left me in my socks
and underpants, Tammy in her shoes and socks and Colette with only her
socks on.

When Richard dealt the next hand, Colette was relieved that she wouldn't
be the first one completely naked now that she had finally won a hand.  She
had Tammi take her shoes off and had both Grandpa and me take our underwear
off.  Both of us pulled our wastebands out a ways to allow our hard cocks
to pop into the little girls views, then pulled them down our legs and off.
I looked over at Tammi and the little girl was licking her lips as she got
a glimpse of her Grandpa's cock.

Tammi grabbed the cards quickly and dealt them again.  My hand won again,
so I left Richard with his socks on and nothing else just as I was, and
made both girls take their socks off leaving them completely naked.

I looked at Richard and he said, "Deal the cards, the game isn't over till
we are all completely naked."  I dealt the cards and Richard won the hand.
He had me take my socks off, then he looked at the girls.  "You two don't
have any clothes to take off.  You know what that means."  Tammi responded,
"Yes, it means we have to do anything you tell us to do."  Richard turned
to Tammi and said, "You're absolutely correct, get over here little one and
suck my hard cock."  Tammi immediately went to her Grandfather and took his
large cock in her hand, opened her mouth and began sucking on it like her
little life depended on it.  Richard looked over at Colette and said,
"Get over there and suck Raybolt's cock for him until I tell you to stop."

Colette smiled at me and lowered her face to my swollen cock.  I thought
I had died and gone to heaven when I felt her tongue swirling around the
sensitive head of my rod.  Then she began sucking me into her mouth.  It
felt sooooo good, I could hardly believe it.  I grabbed the back of her
head and began fucking Colette's mouth.

I looked over at Tammi and she had over half of Richard's cock stuffed
in her little baby face.  She looked so sexy with her face full of hard
cock.  Her little cheeks were drawing in as she tried to suck Richard's
cum out of him like a milkshake with a big chunk of ice in the bottom of
the straw.

I moaned as Colette suddenly tried to push my cock as far into her mouth
as she could take it.  I could hardly believe it when her lips touched my
public hairs.  I was suddenly filled with a need to coat this child's hot
tongue with my jism.  I pulled back a little and began shooting a thick
wad of sticky cum into Colette's willing mouth.  She swallowed it all
without even making a face.

My orgasm brought Richard to the edge and I looked over just in time to
see him pull his cock from Tammi's mouth and spray her pretty little face
with shot after shot of hot sticky cum.  Some dripped down her chin, some
hit her cheeks, one hit her square between the eyes, and a couple shots
found her open mouth, coating her tongue.  When Richard was done, Tammi
was a mess.  To my pleasant surprise, Colette went over to her sister and
began licking the cum off of her face and body, until the little girl was
completely cleaned up.

Finally after we had settled back down, Colette took the cards again and
began dealing.  This time I won the hand, I looked over at Richard and 
had him remove his final article of clothing, but I had one final thing to
do before the game officially came to an end.  I had to decide what to have
the girls do now.

I looked down at my now limp cock, but knew that it wouldn't stir for at
least another few minutes, so I made up my mind.  I looked over at first
Colette and then at Tammi.  "Girls, I want you to lay back and spread
your legs."  I crawled over to Colette and began kissing her on the lips.
I pressed my tongue inside to find her tongue and began kissing her with
mounting passion.  I looked over at Tammi with her little legs spread and
said, "I can't tell your Grandpa what to do, but if he wants to follow my
lead and play with you, Tammi, I would be grateful, after all I don't have
two tongues."  I smiled at Richard and he smiled back and began moving
over to his youngest granddaughter.

I returned my attention back to Colette and began caressing her young
body and hair as our tongues began to dance in each other's mouths.  I
kissed and licked all over her face, and down her neck.  My hand gently
rubbed and tweeked her little nipples, bringing them to attention.
Colette laid her head back as my mouth sought out and found those hard
little nubs to suck on.  My hand proceeded down her belly, played with her
sexy bellybutton, then proceded down to her waist.

Colette was beginning to moan now as her baby titties were being sucked
and her skin was being caressed.  She thought that I would finally touch
her little pussy, but I went around the side and down to cup her cute ass.
A deeper groan escaped her lips as I gently massaged her asscheeks.  She
was really squirming now beneath me as my tongue began its decent down her
sexy little belly.

On my way, I licked her belly and stuck my tongue in her bellybutton which
brought another moan from her sexy lips.  When I reached the top of her
pubic mound, I again bypassed her little pussy and made my way down to her
long slender legs.  I began kissing and licking and caressing every part
of her graceful legs.  By the time I got to her inner thighs up near her
young slit, she was so turned on her little pussy was flowing like a river
down between her asscheeks and staining the carpet.

Finally, I brought my tongue to the base of her pussy and tasted her love
juices fresh from her honey pot.  The sweet nectar poured over my tongue
and I began to lap it up drawing even deeper moans from the 9 year old
child.  Colette's hands began grabbing for the back of my neck as she 
tried to bury my face in her slit.  Finally, I gave in to her need and
slowly ran my tongue from the bottom of her slit up to her little clitty
which poked right up the first time I touched it.  When I did, Colette's
whole body jerked up trying to force her clitty into my mouth.  I pushed
her back down to the floor and then lowered my mouth and sucked her love
button between my lips and licked the tip of it with my tongue.

That did it for Colette who began to squirm and buck and cum all over my
tongue.  I did my best to try and lap up her juices, but was having a hard
time keeping my mouth in contact with her moving pussy.  She came so hard
that I finally had to give up for fear she would hurt herself or me with
her hard pelvic thrusts.  I put my hand between her legs and rubbed her
slick pussy juice all over her young slit until her hairless pussy glowed
with a sheen of her own cum.

When I looked over at Tammi and Richard, I could see that they had stopped
to watch Colette cum.  Richard was as hard as a brick and I could see
that Tammi was stroking him as he stroked her.  I looked down and realized
that I too had grown another hard on.

I smiled at Richard and asked, "Now what do we do?"

to be continued??? if you like it that is...















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

