             Heartstrings       
             Chapter 1  
             By Heather Dawson


             PROLOGUE


                These are a series of letters exchanged between two twin
             sisters, Kara and Kylie. These sisters share much more than
             just emotional love; they are  bonded in a way that  few of
             us ever feel in any relationship. 

                I want you to see and  feel what these girls experienced
             in their early lives, and what they are experiencing today.
             I  want  you  to  see  the development  of  their  bisexual
             incestuous  relationship   and  how  both   their  father's
             alcoholism  and  the  subsequent  death  of both  of  their
             parents brought the sisters even closer. 

                I want you to understand  this relationship as something
             wonderful and  magical, rather  than nasty  or depraved.  I
             truly believe that  pleasure, whatever  its form, is  never
             misguided when it brings persons closer. By the end of this
             series  you  will  feel  you  know these  girls  and  their
             friends. I hope you accept their relationship and,  in some
             way, can relate to them. 

                Finally, I hope, in all sincerity, that this series will
             do more than just "turn on"  a few hot-blooded souls; while
             I  do,  of course,  hope  these letters  inspire pleasures,
             there are much deeper motives to this latest endeavor. 

                You will see, as this tale  unfolds, these girls' lives,
             loves and eroticisms  come to  life. And I  know, I  really
             know, you will love every minute of it!

             Heather Dawson



             Dear Kara,

                Hello, darling. I hope things are  going as well for you
             as they are  for me. I feel  sure that they are.  My energy
             has been high the past few days,  and I just know that part
             of it is coming from you, even so far away. I don't know if
             it's a  breakthrough in the  dig or what,  but I  can sense
             your emotions riding high. Oh, if  only we could phone more
             often! But we'll make do with letters.

                I waited to write until I had something exciting to tell
             you about,  and I have an extraordinary experience to share
             with you.  You'll never believe  this, but trust  me, every
             word  is  true! My  hands  are  shaking while  I  type, the
             memories are so strong.

                Last week, I guess  it was Wednesday, there was  a group
             of construction workers re-roofing  the building behind me.
             You can  imagine the  view from  the windows,  right up  on
             their level, here on  the second floor. There were  four of
             them  and  they  were  all  very  cute--and  two  of  them,
             unbelievably sexy! They  worked without shirts, and  all of
             them had super  tans, burned  a deep reddish-brown,  almost
             black in places.  I eyed  my own sun-kissed  skin, and  the
             bronze I'd achieved  seemed pale, although exotic  with our
             natural reddish tint beneath.

                It  wasn't  long  before my  exhibitionistic  urges took
             over, and you can guess what I did, Kara. I decided to give
             them a little surprise.  Wouldn't you know that I  got more
             than I bargained for? And I loved every minute of it!

                It was a  beautiful sunny day, so I decided that I had a
             perfect  opportunity  to do  some sunbathing--and  with the
             guys next door, I decided to go nude. I turned on the radio
             to catch their  attention, volume  as loud as  it would  go
             without distortion, and when I walked out onto the balcony,
             they had all turned in my direction. I saw them grin when I
             put the bottle of  oil on the picnic table, and  I imagined
             their  smiles  widening as  I turned  my  back to  them and
             slowly slipped out of my shorts and panties. I then pivoted
             to face their eager eyes and  took off my shirt and bra.  I
             could almost feel  their gazes heavy  on my breasts, and  I
             became  very hot.  After the  initial stun  wore  off, they
             hooted and hollered for me to give them more.

                I held up  the bottle and shook it lightly  from side to
             side. My new friends were anticipating my next move and had
             to  rearrange  their hardening  cocks  in their  pants. The
             sexiest one  of the four spoke up and  told me that I was a
             "doll," and the others echoed him loudly. Kara, I was going
             crazy, it had been a long time since I'd done anything like
             this, taking  my sexuality to  its most extreme  limits. It
             was better than being  on stage, it was different  from the
             photo  set;  the  feelings  seemed  more   spontaneous  and
             intense.

                I smiled  seductively as I  told them  that I had  a lot
             more to show them. I popped the cap on the oil and squeezed
             a generous amount onto  my breasts. The guys had  come down
             to  the gutters to get  a closer look.  I moved against the
             rail of the  balcony and began to  rub the oil all  over my
             breasts--it  felt sooooo  good.  My  nipples were  standing
             straight out in total ecstasy.

                I  could feel the  flush between my  legs growing hotter
             and hotter as I continued massaging the oil into my skin. I
             slid my  hands over  my nipples,  rousing  my passion  even
             more.  The roofers chanted  appreciation, encouraging me to
             show them more. And I did, Kara, pulling  and tugging at my
             nipples to produce even more erection. As my eyes closed in
             delirium, I could feel their stares intensifying.

                I threw  one leg over  the edge  of the rail  and poured
             more  oil  over my  thighs  and  onto my  pussy.  They went
             absolutely  wild!  You  should have  seen  them.  They were
             getting one hell  of a  show, and I  was thoroughly  loving
             every second!

                One of them  yelled that he wanted to help me rub in the
             oil.  I took a  big chance (you  know me!)  and invited him
             over to the balcony to do just  that. As good looking as he
             was, I couldn't resist the chance to let him "come over and
             play."  He hesitated for  a moment,  then hustled  over the
             ridge of the roof with one  of his partners. I was confused
             for a  minute until they  reappeared, carrying a  ladder. I
             sat  slowly  stroking myself  as  they extended  the ladder
             across the twelve-foot span to rest  on my balcony. The guy
             nimbly walked along the  ladder and dropped next to  me. We
             looked at each  other anxiously, and  before I knew it,  he
             was kneading my breasts  and running his hands all  over my
             torso. I couldn't  believe that I  had invited him over  in
             the first place,  and then the  thought of letting a  total
             stranger   touch    me   that   way--God,   Kara,   I   was
             uncontrollable, writhing with pleasure. I was astonished at
             my lack of  inhibition. Even us exhibitionists  get freaked
             out sometimes. We usually  fantasize, but rarely do we  (or
             at least I) get involved as deep as this!

                I just couldn't  believe what I was  doing. I get up  on
             stage every  day and  tantalize men with  my body,  letting
             them look at me,  dream about me, sometimes even  touch me,
             but I have never  gone so far as to let a  guy I don't know
             get  this  close to  me. And  think  of it,  there  were no
             bouncers to  save me  this time.  I wasn't  about to  stop,
             though,  my body  overpowering my mind's  reservations. But
             all  this was  so  new, so  dangerous--I  was feeling  very
             naughty, and I liked that a lot!

                He pulled  me up against him  with my back to  his chest
             and  showed his friends his  newfound treasures. I began to
             rub my  ass up against  his crotch,  and the  bulge that  I
             felt...Ohhhh, I didn't even know his name, but I wanted him
             to eat me alive!

                He took  the bottle  in his  hand and  told me  to stand
             closer to the guys so they could see me better. I did as he
             asked, putting my hands on the rail and bending my  back to
             force  my slick breasts out over the chasm. I felt the sun-
             warmed oil rush onto my skin as he squeezed it all over me,
             leaving me  dripping from head to  toe. I was on  fire when
             the other three guys trotted across  to the balcony to join
             in on the  fun, and I got  hotter and hotter with  each new
             hand on my body.

                I was going  crazy. They  were all  standing around  me,
             kinda in a circle with me  as the main attraction. They put
             their hands  all  over  me,  rubbing  the  oil  into  every
             crevice,  over  my  neck, shoulders,  back,  tits,  ass and
             pussy. As I  felt their fingers  and palms massage the  oil
             into my skin,  I closed my eyes  and fantasized that  I had
             been with them  on the roof, watching a woman  rub oil into
             her tits--as if you were home,  Kara, playing a wicked game
             with me.

                They  began egging  each  other on,  and I  caught their
             names: Sean, Rob, Tony,  and Tom, the one who'd  started it
             all. One of  them was pulling  my nipples, one was  finger-
             fucking  me, and another  had a finger  in my  ass. Can you
             imagine the sensations, four sets of hands roaming all over
             you?! Tom's  hands left me  and he quickly  undressed while
             the others played.  Then, before  I knew it,  he'd come  up
             behind me  and I  was  being leaned  over the  edge of  the
             balcony  with  Tom's  fingers  coiled  in my  auburn  hair,
             feeling a huge cock pushing up inside my pussy. Since I was
             already well "lubed," his cock slid  in easily, despite his
             size. I went wild, and soon the other three guys were naked
             with us. I  laughed hoarsely  at the stark  swath of  white
             skin where their jean-shorts hid the sun.

                Tom pulled my  legs further  apart so he  "could see  my
             pussy get fucked." Once my legs were spread, Tom could push
             up harder and faster into  my very hot, very wet cunt.  Rob
             and Tony were  kissing me, pulling and  kneading my breasts
             and nipples, adoring my  flesh, while Sean just  jacked off
             and watched me  get fucked.  Tom was pumping  me with  such
             speed and  force that each time  he drove into me  I gasped
             for air. He was so far into me at times  that I thought I'd
             couldn't take any more!

                Soon Tom came  to the  end of  his job, and  much to  my
             delight, sprayed me full of his cum. I climaxed like a wild
             bitch in heat, and our mingled juices began to dribble down
             the inside of my thigh. I  wanted, needed, more. Sean, Rob,
             and Tony jumped in  quickly to take their turns  at fucking
             me. And they  did it so good,  Kara! God, I wish  you could
             have been there.

                Sean was first, wanting me on all  fours so he too could
             see his dick giving it to my cunt. Then Rob told me to suck
             Tony's dick while he stretched and reamed my ass. It was so
             unbelievable, cum running out every orifice while we shared
             our pleasures. I  came six or  seven times, and the  boys--
             ohhh, you can believe they kept the river running!

                They laid me down on the picnic table and leaned back to
             watch me masturbate.  I tingled as they  watched me finger-
             fuck myself and lick  the juices off my fingers.  It wasn't
             long before they  surrounded me, jacking  off over me,  and
             then adding their love  juices to the slick fluids  running
             freely from  my head to  my toes, the guys  coating me with
             their  cream.  An   orgasm  rippled  through  me   like  an
             earthquake. I was unstoppable!

                We  were speckled  and streaked  with dabs  of  cum, the
             white accentuating the  shades of our skin.  Before we even
             had a chance to clean up, Tom's beeper went off. He went in
             to call  his boss, and we  heard him explain that  they had
             run  into a few  "obstacles" in the job.  Boy, was he right
             about  that!  Anyway,  their boss  ended  our  afternoon by
             calling them back to the office.

                I was  exhausted and  couldn't have  possibly fucked  or
             sucked another  living thing.  I was  ready to  get in  the
             shower and  then collapse into  a nap,  but even  so I  was
             sorry to see them  go. Kara, it was the hottest  sex I have
             ever had. I'm  going to make it  a point to see  them again
             very soon .  . .  which won't be  very long, since  they're
             coming back to the job tomorrow!

                I  have to run  for now, but  you can be  sure that I'll
             fill you in on all the dirty little details from Atlanta. I
             can't wait to  hear from you, Kara,  and all your  own sexy
             nights in the shadows of the pyramids!

             Love From A Roofer Groupie!

             Kylie

             P.S. Don't  take any  crap from  those guys--I  know you'll
             show them all how right your theories are.


