                  *****Stuck in Paradise*****
        Copyright 1994 by ADVNTR123@aol.com                     

"Great... just wonderful..." thought Suzy as the private jet bounced 
down the runway.  Her husband Jim  had promised her a luxury 
vacation to Mexico's "turquoise coast" and so far, this meant baby-
sitting the bosses wife... a task she enjoyed about as much as watching 
Jim suck up to Mr. Consworth.  "This could be the break I've needed 
to get into a V.P.'s office" he told her, "so whatever you do, keep the 
bosses wife happy!" 
 
So this is what she had given up a blossoming modeling career for: 
executive baby-sitter!  She'd been raised in a well to do family, and 
had grown accustomed to the finer things in life.  Marrying Jim, who 
two years ago was *just* on the verge of becoming a Vice President, 
was supposed to give her the lifestyle she'd grown up with... a 
fabulous life traveling to the many tropical resorts Jim's company 
managed, a company jet at their disposal... well, they *were* on a 
company jet, but not quite as Suzy had imagined it.

"Here it is!" announced Jim as they stepped from the plane. "The 
luxury resort of tomorrow!"

She looked across at Sylvia... Mrs. Consworth... who looked about as 
impressed as if she'd just been served a rat on a stick.  It was a dismal 
airstrip, surrounded by jungle.  The flies and mosquitoes buzzed 
angrily around them as the made their way to the waiting jeep.  Mr. 
Consworth looked around appreciably.  Both he and Jim saw the area 
through eyes seeing the future developments... while Suzy and Sylvia 
saw only mud and bugs.

"I need a drink." Sylvia announced flatly.


Breakfast the next morning shed a new light on things, in Suzy's case 
at any rate.  The first completed bungalows were indeed luxurious, and 
although the kitchen was yet to be completed, the presence of the "big 
boss-man" had inspired the construction crew to hire in a local chef, 
so the food was not bad.  The area around the bungalow was 
progressing nicely, and Suzy felt a little more relaxed.  It was very 
peaceful...

"What kind of shit is this?!?" Sylvia shrieked as she stormed up to the 
lounge chairs.  "No pool?  No spa?  and the beach ... you expect me to 
lay around naked in front of 200 construction workers?!"  

Mr. Consworth looked as though he'd just swallowed a large worm.  
"I told you, dear, it's in the early stages of development... Jose!"  he 
called to one of the workers leaning on a shovel nearby.  Jose' eyes 
opened wide and he approached apprehensively.

"Is there a decent beach nearby for the ladies to sun on?" he asked.  
Jose muttered in half Spanish about an island just a few miles from 
shore.  

"Great!" he confirmed.  "Prepare a launch and take the ladies out 
there.  Tell the chef to pack them a lunch..." and looking at his wife's 
scowl quietly added, "... and *lots* of gin..."

The boat ride across the choppy waters forced Suzy and Sylvia to talk 
in order to distract them from getting sick.  It turned out that Sylvia 
was only 32 years old although her face looked more than 8 years 
older than Suzy's own 24.  But Suzy noticed that under the loose 
fitting blouse and pants she did appear to have a decent body... not as 
good as her own she thought smugly, but not bad...   Suzy was never 
one to hide her assets, and today wore only a string bikini top and the 
shortest of white shorts over her thong bottom.  At the urging of Jose 
she had donned a loose white shirt, perhaps as much to protect her 
from the blazing sun as to protect Jose's libido from causing him to 
make a big mistake with a big-wig's wife.  A few drinks loosened 
Sylvia's tongue and soon Suzy knew more than she ever wanted about 
Sylvia's married life and sex life... or lack there of.

As they approached the island, Suzy saw Sylvia smile for the first time 
the entire trip.  The boat pulled into the beautiful, sandy lagoon, and a 
majestic 50-foot waterfall spilled down  to the right.  Small pools of 
sparkling clear water formed at the base of the falls, and strangely, 
only a trickle of the massive quantity of falling water ran down to the 
ocean in a small stream.  

"Please to stay this side of falls-stream" Jose warned, groping for 
words.  "Other side... bad sand...dangerous ...  and not to go into 
jungle... pretty ladies get lost very easy!"  At this the ladies batted their
eyes and smiled sarcastically, eliciting a wide grin and blush from 
Jose.

The boat hit ground about 5 feet from shore and the ladies stepped 
out.  Sylvia's sneakers kicked up sand in the clear water as she 
splashed ashore while Suzy daintily carried her flip-flops, preferring 
to feel the soft, wet sand on her bare feet.  Jose slogged on behind, 
carrying the cooler of provisions and dropping them with a thud in the 
sand under a shady palm tree.

"Now you go!" shouted Sylvia, as though Jose were deaf, not just 
speaking another language.  "Ladies need privacy... no men!"

Jose didn't seem to understand (actually, he understood *perfectly* 
that these two gorgeous women were going to sunbathe nude, and 
certainly didn't wish to miss a bit of it!).  He started to wander off 
toward the jungle.

"No!  Go in boat!  No spy on women from trees!"  She shouted 
again.  

Jose shrugged.  "I come back in 3 hours... Ladies have plenty enough 
sun by then!"  he called.  Soon the reluctant boat sputtered around the 
bend of the island and out of sight.

"Finally!" Sylvia sighed laying out a large towel next to Suzy's.  As 
the two ladies began disrobing, Suzy was amazed to learn that Sylvia's 
body was in fabulous shape!  Her large breasts were firm and didn't 
show a bit of sagging.  Her large nipples were perky despite the heat 
and little beads of perspiration formed on her dark tan skin.  As Sylvia 
removed her pants, Suzy, for the first time as long as she could 
remember, felt a bit modest... she only hoped her body would avoid 
cellulite as well as Sylvia's had.  Not a lot of muscle, she thought, but 
nice, soft, shapely curves. She tried not to stare at Sylvia's now naked 
body as she removed the last of her own clothes, and noticed that she 
had already gained the slightest bit of a tan line from her bikini, as 
opposed to Sylvia's perfectly even tan.

As they began applying the oil to their bodies, Sylvia looked 
appreciatively at Suzy's young, taut body.  Oh to be younger... but a 
trip to the plastic surgeon earlier this year had given her back the body 
she'd once had!   Although Suzy's breasts were smaller, she still had a 
great build... more athletic.  She looked down at Suzy's long, muscular 
legs... Mmmmmm...a very strange feeling started rising in her body... 
one she had never before felt.

"Could you put some suntan oil on my back?" Sylvia asked, handing 
Suzy the dark bottle.  She laid on her stomach and nestled into the 
soft, yielding towel.  Suzy began rubbing the oil onto her perfectly 
tanned back.  "Mmmmm," Sylvia purred, "you have strong hands! " 
At this Suzy beared down a bit.  She had gotten used to applying oil 
and giving massages when she was a model and had no hang-ups 
about touching another woman's body. Besides, after this morning's 
tantrum, she'd learned that if Sylvia was happy, Jim's boss was happy, 
and perhaps soon they could move into that big executive's house 
they'd been dreaming of.  

"Oh, yes!" Sylvia gasped as Suzy's skilled hands massaged in the 
slick oil.  "Are you sure you can't just move in with me?" she joked.  
As Suzy's slick hands rubbed the oil into her thirsty skin, she caressed 
the soft, round curves of her buttocks, causing Sylvia to begin slowly 
undulating.  The smile on Sylvia's face gave Suzy a small rush, and 
she lingered there a moment,  kneading the soft mounds.  She was 
surprised... she'd never had this feeling with a woman.  
Sylvia rolled over.  

"Now I'll do yours."  Suzy laid down and soon was engulfed by 
Sylvia's expert hands.  Straddling her body, Suzy felt her weight on 
her rear and the soft brush of her pubic hair gently tickling her.  She 
felt a strange intoxicating rush forming in her chest and it spread to 
her thighs.  Sylvia massaged around her shoulders, sides, reaching 
under to her breasts, sending a tingle of pleasure through her body.  
Suzy rolled over and immediately was met by Sylvia's wet lips.  
Surprised, she started to resist, but Sylvia's firm caressing hands once 
more resumed their work and the wave of pleasure that washed over 
her was too great to resist.    As Sylvia's hands caressed her breasts, 
she felt her hips gyrating against her own.  Slowly her own hands 
began exploring the hot flesh over her, caressing her breasts and 
stomach.  She had never done anything like this with a woman before, 
and was surprised to feel another body with the same construction as 
her own.  Her lips began responding and her tongue searching as 
much as Sylvia's.  Soon, Sylvia rolled to the side and their hands 
began to wander down to the mounds of glistening wet hair, Suzy's 
natural blonde hair was soon under the control of another hand than 
her own, and she found through the cloud of sensations that her own 
hand was busily working the moist mound in the middle of Sylvia's 
dark bush.  Each woman knew exactly what points gave the most 
pleasure and how to arouse that response.  As they did the things that 
they'd always wanted done to themselves, both women began to arch, 
moaning, writhing, fingers moving faster and faster... until Sylvia 
climaxed in full orgasm.

Sylvia rolled over and lay on her back with a wide grin.  Suzy's 
trembling body, still yearning for release, lay next to her, feeling used.  
She felt as though Sylvia had drained some of the life from her body, 
and she retreated a few inches from Sylvia.

"What's the matter?  You were great!  There's nothing to be ashamed 
of!" she said.

Suzy gasped.  "I'm not a whore!  How dare you talk to me that way..." 
She sat up and put on her sandals and the loose shirt Jose had given 
her.  Although it didn't cover much she felt the need to wear it, and the 
sand was getting to hot for her soft feet.  Trembling, she wandered 
down the beach, deep in thought... how could she have done this?  I 
mean, treat the bosses wife politely, o.k.  She'd even put up with her 
bitchy spells... fine... and this had all started out just her way of being 
nice... but then it started to feel soo good... why? ... and why did the 
bitch stop just when she was really enjoying it?!?

As Suzy splashed across the little stream the cool water trickled over 
her beautiful red toenails, washing off the hot white sand.  She saw 
Sylvia walking up behind her, wearing her sneakers and blouse.   She 
didn't feel ready to face her yet, so quickened her pace a bit.  

"Wait!"  Sylvia called.  "Let me explain..."  Suzy quickened her pace, 
the more solid, wet sand on this side being easier to run on.  After a 
few steps it softened up again, but remained wet.  

"...just a minute!" called Sylvia in more earnest.  Suzy stopped, her 
flip-flops squishing into the wet sand.  She heard Sylvia squish up 
behind her.  

"Eeeew...if you had to pout, why do it over in this mess?" she quietly 
mussed looking at her dirty sneakers as they squished in and out of 
the sand as she paced nervously.
  
Suzy snorted: What a bitch!  She never thought about anyone but 
herself!  She started to stomp off, but the mucky sand sucked her 
sandals off her feet with a slurp.  She decided to leave them and as she 
walked back, her bare feet squished more easily into the wet sand, 
which swallowed her feet to the ankle.  

"Great," Suzy thought looking at her wiggling, muddy toes, "there 
goes a $50 pedicure..."

Sylvia stood, nervously pacing in place in the goo.  "Look, I'm sorry!  
I'm just used to everyone doing everything for me!  I just..." as she 
started to follow Suzy, she found that the mud sucked firmly at her 
sneakers, now completely under the surface.  She pulled at the left 
foot, which didn't budge.  Trying the right foot, she jerked her knees 
violently in rage as it too remained unyielding.  The surrounding sand 
rippled as she moved and rapidly began turning into a thick slurry. 

"Oh, this is great!  The dry sand's to hot for bare feet and now I have 
to loose *my* shoes too..." she complained as she started to bend 
over to undo the shoelaces.  Her jerking tirade had worked her in up to 
her calves.  She now noticed that she was slowly but surely sinking.  
 
Suzy noticed this also as the sand around her bare feet began to shift.  
She pulled her left foot out with a reluctant slurp, and as her muscular 
legs strained to pull out her right foot, her left foot sank in nearly to 
her knee.  A wave of panic hit her.

"This is quicksand!" she shouted.  Sylvia was quickly convinced of 
this as the thick mire around her liquefied more with each movement 
she made.  In a panic, she struggled frantically, causing her to sink to 
her thighs.  "Help me!" she whimpered, "help me..."

Suzy was too busy working her way to the edge to be able to help 
Sylvia.  Remembering a novel she had read, she dropped to her hands 
and knees, which readily sank in the now liquid goo.  She began 
crawling out, the wet muddy sand coating her arms and weighing her 
down.  It was more solid where she was, and so she didn't sink as 
fast as Sylvia, but because of the thickness the mud sucked more 
strongly at her slender arms and muscular legs.  She groaned, every 
muscle straining as she struggled through the quicksand.  The mud 
squished between her toes, a sensation she loved, but at this time it 
was both terrifying and somehow, as it oozed into her warm crotch, 
magically, it was still a little erotic!  Adrenaline rushed through her 
veins as she slowly swam toward the edge.  By now only her head 
remained clean and above the surface, but she found that she was 
floating... she wasn't going to sink!  She looked back across the pit.  
Sylvia was up to her stomach and still wiggling about and 
whimpering.

"Stop struggling!  You'll float if you don't struggle!"  Suzy called.  
Sylvia became still. "I'm still sinking!" She called.  But she noticed 
that she wasn't sinking as fast, and she started to feel the support of 
the thick solid/liquid around her body.  She pushed with her hands, 
but the mire hungrily devoured her arms.  Once under, the sticky 
sand weighed her down even more and as she tried to remove her 
arms, the mud sucked tenaciously at her limbs... her thighs... her....  
A strange ripple went through her body.

Suzy's hands now struck firm ground, and she began to haul her 
mud-caked body out of the bog.  The mud coated her body with 
about 1-2 inches of thick, tar-like goo and she felt like she weighed a 
ton.  The combination of sun and struggle had exhausted her and she 
lay still on the edge, her legs still partially submerged in the mire.

Once the mud had reached over Sylvia's large breasts, she found that 
she floated, but she sank in further whenever she moved.  Once she 
stopped struggling, she would again float back up to the same 
buoyancy point.  

"See, " Suzy called, "you won't get 'sucked under'... that's just movie 
crap!"  She slowly extracted one leg from the settling sands.  Now 
that they weren't struggling, the sands settled down and began re-
solidifying.  This made pulling her legs out even harder.  She jerked 
frustratedly until the bog loosened a bit and released it's grip with a 
loud slurrrrp.  Sitting up, she looked across to Sylvia.  She remained 
at about shoulder depth, her arms now trapped in the solidifying 
sand.  Her long, black hair rested on the surface, half submerged, and 
she now had a quiet look of resignation on her face.  "I just wanted to 
feel good again..." she sobbed.

Suzy stood up, her strength beginning to return.  She started to wipe 
off the mud that had caked onto her body.  It weighed easily as much 
as she did.  So this was why it was so hard to get out!   

"Are you sinking?" she called.

"No..." Sylvia replied weakly, "But I can't move a muscle!"

"Don't!  At least until we start to get you out!"  Suzy called back.  
She began looking around for a branch or something.  She saw some 
brush back by the waterfalls.  "I suppose we could wait for Jose to 
return..." she said

"No!" Sylvia cried "No! I'll do anything to get out now!  This is 
terrible!  I'm completely helpless!"

At this Suzy stopped.  She was standing in front of a broken piece of 
plywood that had washed up on shore from some wreck.  As her toes 
wiggled in the muck a strange sensation began in her gooey feet and 
traveled up her legs to between her thighs.  With a grin, she thought: 
...anything?

Dragging the sheet of wood back to the bog, she dropped it and 
began walking around the suspended head.  As she neared the edge 
closest to the falls, she felt the ground start to shift in that familiar 
way and barely managed to step back before one foot slipped in to 
her ankle.  As she pulled it out with a loud pop, Sylvia asked what 
she was doing.  

"Looking for the closest solid ground to you..." she replied, 
continuing around the back.  On this side there was less sand and 
more smooth, slippery mud, but it was solid underneath.  Now out of 
danger, she squished in the warm, soft mud, enjoying the feeling of it 
squishing between her perfect toes.  She'd done foot modeling 
before, and chuckled as she wondered what her agent would say if he 
saw her feet now...slurping in and out of the inky mud...

"Stop playing and get me out of here!  I could die in this shit!" Sylvia 
barked.

"Yes, you could, so you'd better shut up and do as I say, or else Jose 
will need a very long rope to pull up your body from the depths of 
this pit!" she replied in a tone that even surprised her.  Sylvia got a 
shocked look on her face at actually being commanded in such a tone 
and froze.

She retrieved the plywood and after taking off and dropping her 
heavy, muddy shirt, slid around to the muddy side again, facing 
Sylvia's now quiet head.  She laid down face first into the mud, with 
the plywood in front of her.  Slithering naked in the six inch deep 
goo, she felt a small wave of pleasure ripple through her as the soft 
lotion-like mud caressed her breasts and thighs.  It covered her body 
like cream and she slid forward only with the most wide, sensual 
motions, sending wave after wave of intoxicating enjoyment up her 
spine.  She rolled over and felt her butt-cheeks become slippery and 
wet as the smooth mud oozed up between them and pushed out the 
coarse sand.  She felt like just staying there, writhing in the sucking, 
caressing, safe and shallow mud, but then remembered the plans she 
had in store for Sylvia.  She started forward again.

As soon as she felt the ground become more like the gritty, shifting 
quicksand, she slid the board forward right up to Sylvia's helpless 
head.  Sylvia tried to pull her arms out to reach it, but only succeeded 
in forcing herself in deeper, to her neck.  

"Stop trying to pull your arms out!" Suzy warned, " you'll only force 
yourself under.  You'll just have to wait until *I* pull you out!"  
Sylvia noticed an edge to Suzy's voice and saw a strange glint in her 
eye.  Although she wasn't having to struggle much, she still seemed 
to be breathing hard...

As she slid her slick, glistening body onto the plywood, she slithered 
up close to Sylvia's face.  "...and I'll pull you out when I'm darn good 
and ready!"  she said wickedly as she licked Sylvia's large red lips.

Sylvia's eyes grew wide... "Wha... what do you mean?" she asked 
trembling in a combination of fear and anticipation.  She had never 
enjoyed the company of women, but had always been in control, 
especially when using the sex-toys her husband bought them.  But 
now she was completely helpless. The thick mire sucked at her butt 
and thighs as she squirmed a little.  This combined with the building 
erotic adrenaline rush of fear and the sight of Suzy's wet lips so near 
her helpless own caused her to let out a little gasp.  Suzy recognized 
it for what it was and smiled.  

"Good... but this time *I'll* be satisfied!" she said, sitting up on the 
plywood.  She spread her legs around Sylvia's head and watched as 
her wet, muddy pussy approached her twitching lips.  

"But... but it's all muddy..." Sylvia protested.

"Nobody said that *you'd* enjoy this!" Suzy said firmly.  "Now if 
you want to get out... LICK!"

Sylvia hesitated, but as Suzy's legs pressed down on her shoulders, 
she felt herself sink in up to her chin.  

"LICK!" Suzy commanded.  

Sylvia now eagerly obliged.  As her lips worked through the thin 
coating of slimy mud, they found their mark and her tongue began 
doing its job.  Suzy arched her back, finally receiving the attention 
that Jim had so often denied her, and a huge wave of passion washed 
over her.  More and more Sylvia worked her head, sucking and 
licking at her mistress of the mud.  The motion caused her to writhe 
slightly, slightly loosening the sand and causing it to suck erotically 
at her skin all over her body.  Sylvia and her husband had gotten into 
the occasional B & D, but this was the real thing and she found the 
real and present risk to be an incredible intoxication.  Against her 
minds better judgment, she moved her hands in the ever more fluid 
bog and began caressing herself, doubling the actions of her tongue.  
Suzy was surprised when Sylvia began moaning in unison with her, 
but found she was powerless to stop... somehow, even now, Sylvia 
and her magic tongue were in control!  She pushed down with her 
thighs onto Sylvia's shoulders, forcing her under a bit against the 
buoyancy.  

"Stop...gasp... enjoying... gasp... your-... gasp... self... oooohhhh!" 
she began to climax and as the long, excruciatingly long moan began, 
she let up on Sylvia's shoulders.  Sylvia's writhing body rose to it's 
former point.  The surrounding sand had become a semi-liquid again, 
about the consistency of a McDonald's shake, and as Suzy came in a 
full orgasm, she sat up on her butt, pulling her legs into the air.  

The added force combined with the weaker support of the sand 
caused the plywood to splinter into a million pieces, plunging Suzy 
into the mire right beside Sylvia, her body wrapped around hers.  In 
the final stages of orgasm, neither was able to do anything about it 
until they could regain control of their bodies.

Holding each other, feeling each other's wet, slick body pressed up 
against their own, they froze in fear.  

"Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit..." Suzy muttered repeatedly. 

 Sylvia looked at her and pulled her close.  "If we are going to die, I 
want you to know that this has been the most incredible experience 
I've ever shared with anyone.  I'm sorry for how I treated you."  

Suzy smiled.  "...and if we ever get out of this mess,  Harry should 
just give Jim that damn promotion and stop dragging us wives 
around!"  

They laughed nervously, causing the mud to ripple and causing them 
to sink to their chins.  They froze and pulled each other close.  

"I'd like that ... it's a nice though... it's too bad we'll..."

As the mud lapped up to their earlobes, they heard the sound of 
Jose's sputtering motorboat starting, and looking back, saw him 
coming around from his silent watchpoint on the other side of the 
island.  

As he approached the shore near them, he shouted out "Hola!" then 
in English: "I see you ladies found the goddess's vagina... I warn you 
to stay out of that area, but you never listened! "  As he threw the 
rope to them, one by one they pulled the loop around their shoulders 
and Jose laboriously pulled them to the beach and water, where they 
crawled into the little boat.

"What did you call that spot?" Sylvia asked incredulously.

"On this island, is the goddess of womanhood.  I makes women 
behave *very* strangely to one another... That warm, wet spot called 
the goddess's vagina... it feel very good to get into, so good it trap 
women!  To bad Jose don't get to participate, but..."  admiring the 
naked, muddy, exhausted bodies in front of him with a wink, he 
added: 

" ...it *is* fun to watch!" 

And with that the motor coughed and sped them back to the 
mainland.
