Studs:  Two hot men bring a younger guy home for a beer...

It had been a long Friday night and Kevin had completely struck out at the
party he had attended.  The guy he had been fucking around with for a few
weeks had had enough and picked up some virgin frat boy and took him home.
 Eventually Kevin decided to leave the party and go home to jerk off to
the hardcore mags he kept for times like these.

He was walking towards his house when a blue pickup truck pulled up beside
him.  One of the two guys in the truck asked him if he was looking for a
ride.  Kevin was tired and somewhat drunk and so asked them if they were
going anywhere near his house.  They said they were and so Kevin hopped
in.  He noticed at once that the two guys were very hot built studs.  Tom,
the driver, was well built with a mustache and really hairy forearms. 
Dave, the passenger, was tall and strong with a blond crew cut and a
strong angular jaw.  Both of them seemed to be in their thirties which
Kevin realized was around twice his 18 years.

The three guys chatted about the weather and what they had planned for the
weekend.  As traffic passed in the opposite direction, Kevin couldn't help
noticing the how tight the two men's Levi's were over their muscular legs
and the firm triangular packets between their legs.  Kevin thought about
the fine pieces that must have been restrained in those Levi's but didn't
dare say anything.  As they got close to Kevin's house, Dave said that it
was too early to turn in and asked if Kevin wanted to got to his place and
suck down a few beers.  Since Kevin had nothing better to do, he said
fine.  In any case he wanted to see more of these musclestuds and study
their packets in more detail.

They got to Kevin's house and Dave went to the fridge to get a few beers
while Tom went to take a leak.  When Tom came back, he had removed his
Levi's and was wearing only a pair of white briefs and a tank top.  Kevin
got a better sense of that great packet.  The briefs bulged but Kevin
could tell that Tom's dick was still soft.  He would have loved to see
that cock hard.  Tom flopped down on the couch beside Kevin and Dave came
back with the beers and tossed some to the two guys on the couch.  Looking
at the bulge in Dave's jeans, Kevin could tell that he was turned on by
the sight of Tom in his briefs.  Kevin guessed that Dave knew what was in
that particular parcel.

All three were sitting on the couch when suddenly Dave roughly grabbed
Kevin's crotch and pulled on his balls.

"You've got a stiff little poker there Kevin," he said.  "I bet you'd like
to see the surprise Tom has hidden in his briefs."

"Oh yeah" groaned Kevin as he slid his hand over Tom's thighs towards his
cock.

Tom brushed Kevin's hand away and said "Not so fast Kev, you'll get my
cock but first you'll have to deal with Dave."

Kevin bent over to Dave who by now had taken off his shirt revealing
strong muscular forearms, great smooth pecs, and amazing washboard abs. 
Kevin started opening the buttons on Dave's Levis.  When Dave's dark blond
pubes sprung into view, he realized Dave had no shorts on  and slid his
hand in to pull Dave's erect cock out of his jeans.  He didn't have far to
look.  Dave's hard 8-incher popped straight out of his fly, its swollen
head oozing precum.  Kevin started to lick the precum out of Dave's
pisshole and to lick the purple tip of his cock.  Dave groaned loudly as
Kevin began to suck on the tip of his cock and said "You've done this
before Kev."  Dave lifted Kev's mouth from his cock and said "Take a deep
breath, Kev" and with that held Kevin by the back of his head and began to
feed his dick all the way into Kevin's mouth.  He did it slowly to bypass
the gag response.  Nonetheless Kevin's throat muscles contracted and
released against Dave's massive invader, causing waves of pleasure to
course through Dave's body.  Dave withdrew a little and then plunged Kev's
face down again with a slow and even rhythm.  Kevin wanted to take it all,
he wanted to fell the base of Dave's ramrod and the hairy covering pressed
tightly against his lips.

Dave began to pump his cock harder and harder into Kev's face and with his
hands behind Kev's face began to ram his member into the young fuckslave's
face. By now Dave was ready to blow his load, and moaned as he felt his
hot cumjuice rising out of his swollen nuts.  With one final thrust he
shoved his cock to the hilt, arched back, and with a muffled scream shot
his hot sticky load down Kevin's throat.  

Kevin had been so involved with what he was doing that he was surprised by
the round of applause from Tom who was now standing over them both slowly
pumping on his now-turgid meatpole.  As Dave pulled his red swollen dick
out of Kev's face, Kevin looked up and saw Tom's massive meat quivering
above him. Kevin has never seen such a huge cock-it must have been nine
inches long and seven inches around.  The top of it was swollen and purple
and the shaft was so hard and straining that it looked almost black.

Dave had obviously seen and sucked on Tom's cock before, judging by the
way he dropped on his knees and began to lick at the head of Tom's
straining meat.  Tom pulled Kevin to his feet and began kissing him
roughly, his stubble grinding at Kevin's smooth face.  One hand held Kevin
by the back of the head while the other worked its way down between
Kevin's legs.  Tom began to play with Kevin's hole, his thick fingers
pushing against the tight ring of muscle that guarded the young stud's
hole.  Meanwhile Dave was groaning as he took more and more of Tom's
massive manpole into his mouth.  Dave moved a hand to Kevin's cock and
began to stoke it gently.  As soon as this happened, Kev's asshole gaped
open and Tom's finger plowed deep into him.  Kev moaned deeply and as he
felt Dave stoking his cock and Tom's finger stretching his asshole.

Tom began kissing Kevin more intensely and slid another finger up Kevin's
chute and shoved it up into him until he was standing on tiptoe. He began
to roughly stretch and finger-fuck the hot young stud, who was ready to
blow his load at any time.  Suddenly Tom stopped kissing and pulled his
dick out of Dave's mouth.  He turned Kevin around and had him bend over
the couch with his ass tilted up.  Even though Kevin was hot and horny and
his asshole gaping wide open, he wasn't ready for Tom's first thrust.  He
groaned as Tom positioned his huge prong against Kevin's assring, then
slammed forward with all his strength plowing deep into him.  Kevin bit
his lower lip to avoid crying out in agony.  He had never been fucked by
such a huge cock in his entire life.  Tom reached around with one hand and
began to squeeze Kevin's stiff poker.  Kevin could feel every inch of
Tom's length sliding in and out of him as the hot stud pulled out  all the
way and then drove in again, stretching Kevin for his pleasure.

Dave was hard again and stood in front of Kevin stroking his dick,
obviously turned on by the expressions on Kevin's face as he was rammed by
the mighty Tom.  Dave turned around and spread his cheeks wide and stepped
backwards so that his puckerhole was straight in front of Kevin's mouth. 
The smell of sweaty ass and cum drove Kevin wild and he began to eagerly
rim Dave, pushing his tongue as far into Dave's asscrack as possible.

After a few minute of steady pummeling, Kevin could feel Tom pushing
harder and faster.  His dick seemed to get harder and larger and began to
breathe faster and faster.  With one final lunge he buried his dick all
the way up Kevin's chute.  Kevin could feel Tom's cock flexing violently
and the hot stream of cum as Tom shot his load in the young fuckpuppy's
ass.

"Hey Kev, you seem kinda neglected," said Tom.  "How would you like to get
your poker up Dave's butt?"  Kevin's meat had been straining for so long
that he most definitely did not need to be asked twice.  Dave spread his
legs and leaned against a wall.  Kevin was surprised how easy it was to
get his cock up Dave's ass.  The thing was, as soon as he got it up there,
Dave flexed his assring and Kevin thought he had been plugged into a
milking machine.  Kevin pumped slowly in and out of Dave's butt but it was
no use.  His cock had been primed some time before and Dave knew exactly
how to suck Kev's cum juices.  Kevin began to thrust harder and deeper and
although he wanted to go on all night gave in and with a deep gutteral
groan, shot his load up Dave's ass.

"I think we all need a beer," said Tom grinning.  All three of the hot
studs dropped onto the couch and took a deep mouthful of beer and then set
the ice cold cans against their hot and sticky cocks.  After all, it was
Friday and the weekend had only just begun.
