Copyright © 1997,  Drifter,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.

SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL - NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS



                    A New Life Style

                    Part 1

     At first I just shook off my suspicions as silliness on my
part.   Sure Janet had been working late an awful lot lately, and
there had been all those out of town trips with her boss ... but
that was to be expected.  She was moving up rapidly in her
company and you had to make sacrifices to get ahead.  She had
been working hard and the rewards had been forth coming, raises
and promotions and a bigger office with her own secretary. Janet
was good at sales and it showed.

     Then one night when she was working late again I had just
finished the laundry, it was my turn, and I was putting some of
her things away when I opened her lingerie drawer by mistake. She
always did her lingerie herself, said I might ruin it. Well the
article on top immediately caught my eye.  It was a sheer black
teddy with sexy lacy trim. I remembered teddies well from a
previous girl friend prior to meeting Janet.  She had quiet a
collection of stuff like that, she had worked at Victoria's
Secrets.  But I had never seen Janet in one.

     Janet enjoyed sheer brief undies, on the sexy side but
nothing like this.  As I said I had never seen Janet in this.  I
dug around more and I thought I was back with my old girl friend.
The drawer was full of the sexiest underthings I had ever seen. 
Half bras that pushed up the breasts while leaving the top half
and the nipples exposed, crotch-less panties, panty and bra sets
that were so sheer you could read a book through them.  Garter
belts and sexy hose.  The drawer was full of that stuff... and I
had never seen any of it before.  I restored the drawer as best I
could, to the way I had found it.  Fixing myself a scotch and
water I sat down to think about this.

     It appeared obvious that at least Janet had a life I was not
a part of.  I tried to think of some explanation but the only one
that was even close to believable was my wife was having an
affair.  That all that sexy lingerie was for someone besides me.
 
     My first thought was I couldn't blame any guy for trying to
make it with her.  Janet is a walking wet dream with a body that
is so tempting and so sexy.... unbelievable the way it moves..
and she has always loved to show it off.  Her full firm breasts
sway and seem to beg to be caressed, a narrow waist that my
hands almost reach around, an ass that still drives me crazy, and
those long shapely legs...she really is quite a sexy package. 
You get the idea. And she loves sex, oh how she loves sex. The
first time we got in the sack after dating briefly I knew I had
found every man's dream.  She loves to do it all, loves to
experiment, and is so good at it all.

     As I became more and more convinced she must be having an
affair I was puzzled by my reactions or lack thereof.  I wasn't
the least bit upset.  I wasn't jealous. I was mostly puzzled as I
thought over our sex life and I found little to criticize.  We
had sex almost every night and weekends were frequently spent in
bed.  We still enjoyed everything and Janet was always eager to
engage in ever possible sex act we could dream up.  She would cum
more frequently and harder than any woman I had ever known. To
say she was multi-orgasmic would be such an understatement. Even
on those evenings when she worked late, after she got home she
would shower and come to bed with an enormous sexual appetite. 

     What the hell was going on?.  As I thought about her with
another man I had to admit the idea was ...intriguing.... her
fucking another guy not only didn't piss me off or make me
jealous but it turned me on more than a little.  I had a raging hard on
just thinking about her with another man.  I had read stories about guys
who liked their wives to play around and them watch even.

     I admit I had thought about playing around some since we had been
married, mostly while out of town on business trips. How could I be too
offended if Janet was doing what I had wanted to do but was too
chicken.? As I sat there with my drink, my only fear was that she might
leave me. I really loved this gal. I had never enjoyed another female at
so many things as with Janet.  Sex, conversation, games.....I loved
doing it all with her... I wanted her to stay, affair or no. 

     It was a strange evening.  I sat there and let my mind wander, if she
was having an affair, then who?  Was it someone I knew?  Was she
screwing Don, her boss? Don was a bright, very successful, highly
energetic guy.  I had met him several times, been in his home, been out
with he and his lovely wife socially.  I really liked Don.  In fact Don was
the first black man that I had felt like I knew well enough to call a friend. 
Was he fucking Janet?  As I turned that possibility over in my mind I
realized I had even a bigger raging hard on.

     I looked at the clock, 10:15pm.  Where was Janet right now?  With
Don? At a motel, her office....?  What were they doing?  My active
imagination worked overtime.  I could almost picture the two of them, his
dark skin contrasting with her light complexion as he plowed between
her open legs.  I tried to get it out of my head, perhaps I was making a
mountain out of nothing.  Perhaps there was an explanation for the
drawer full of sexy stuff.  But I knew better. The question was what was I
going to do now?  Was I going to confront Janet or try and ignore it? 
From the size of the collection of lingerie, her affair had been going on
for some time.  Should I just let it stay a secret?  Could I handle that?

     I went back into our bedroom to get ready for bed.  I looked at our
bed and wondered if Don, if he was the one, had fucked Janet here in
our bed?  Again I realized I wasn't the least bit jealous.  I was damned
curious though.  I looked at that drawer again. I seemed to be drawn to
it.  I opened it again and looked at several of the "come fuck me"
garments.  I looked through the things and then I noticed a small box
under the rest of the stuff.  I was hooked, no way I wasn't going to open
it.  

     I opened the box and folded back the tissue paper to find a sheer
fire engine red half bra, a matching garter belt and hose. It was hot and
then I noticed the card under them.  I thought 'Well there is your answer,
if you really want to know who.'  I picked the card up and realized I was
hard again and my palms were sweaty.  I opened the card and read,


     Hi My Hot Lover,

     Janet baby, please save these for our trip to Atlanta next
     week.  I can imagine how hot you will look in them.

     I can hardly wait.

     Your black warrior,

     Don


     I slowly closed the card.  I carefully replaced everything and closed
the drawer.  Well now I knew.   But what the hell was I going to do
about it?

     Then I heard Janet coming in the front door.  I looked at my watch,
11:45pm.  I heard her call out as she came up the stairs, 

     "Hi sweetheart I'm home."

     "Hi hon ... I'm in the bed room."

     I heard her growl sexily and say,

     "Hmmm good Jim... as soon as I get today's grime off of me I will be
right there.  I hope you aren't too tired.  I am soooo horny.  I will be
there in a flash."

     I heard the shower going and I was hard waiting eagerly to make
love with my hot sexy adulterous wife.  I wondered how many times Don
had fucked her tonight?

     She came in the bedroom bareass drying her delicious assets and
smiled saying,

     "I thought about your big cock all night honey.  I hope you are ready
for a long hot fuck."  

     She looked at me as if she hadn't been fucked in a year and was
dying for it. Then shortly in our bed she fucked like it too.  By the time
we were ready for sleep I was exhausted.  Soon she was sound asleep
and as I looked down at my beautiful wife looking so sweet,  I realized
that I had just fucked my sweet sexy wife knowing full well she had been
with another man, only minutes before.... I was convinced she had been
out with Don tonight.

     In fact as we were having sex I kept thinking about Janet and Don
and it made me hotter as I imagined him shoving his big black cock to
my wife. I found myself wondering when it would happen again. I
realized I actually wanted it to happen again.

     Now as she was sound asleep I kept running it all through my head. 
What was I going to do?   Nothing for the time being I decided... I was
going to leave it alone for now.  I wondered if they fucked every day at
the office, or just when Janet worked late and when the two of them
were out of town?  I also wondered if there were others?

     I finally fell asleep sometime, only to wake up with a throbbing
erection. I had been dreaming about Don fucking Janet... I glanced at
the clock, 2:11am, and I rolled over and wrapped Janet in my arms.  I
wanted her.  I kissed the back of her neck and cupped one large firm
breast in my hand.  We both sleep nude and so her soft smooth bare
breast filled my hand.  She moaned in her sleep.  I dropped my hand to
her sweet pussy and let my fingers walk around.  I brushed across her
clit and she jumped.  Her cunt was getting wet rapidly and as I slipped
two fingers in her I heard her moan and say,

     "Hi sweetheart... what a pleasant surprise."

     Then she reached back and caught my hard cock in her hand and
raising one leg she guided it into her wet slit from behind.  I pressed
hard and buried it in one stroke.  She groaned loudly,

     "Oh yes sweetheart that feels so good.  I love your cock."

     I drove hard as we thrust into each other.  Janet came shortly and
then she said,

     "Pull out I want to finish you with my mouth. I want you to cum in my
mouth please baby."

     I was delighted.  Later we rolled up into a tight ball together and
Janet sighed saying,

     "Honey I love you so much... thanks for waking me up.  It was sure
worth it."

     She was asleep immediately and I looked at her in the moonlit night
and she looked so sweet as I thought, yeah baby you love for me to
fuck you ... and Don .... anyone else? I leaned down and kissed her
cheek lightly.  Life had just gotten a lot more interesting.

               End of Styles Part 1


Comments, constructive criticism, suggestions would be greatly
appreciated but be gentle....  where would you like to see this
story go...?

I get regular request to e-mail my stories directly to someone. 
I cannot do that simply as a matter of time and energy and
expense.  
 
     The greatest pleasure is to give pleasure
   
========================================================
========

The End... for now...
