
Collaborative story outline:           09.29.89 Draft:

General plot:
  Two men and two women meet during an island holiday trip.  Each bought a
"package" deal of "fun in the sun" at a Carribean resort.  Sort of a "Club
Med" thing.  The men meet, sitting next to each other on the flight down.
They were strangers, now they're "pals" for the long weekend, even though
their personalities seem to be opposites.
	The ladies fly down together, both enjoying a "fling" together.  They are
friends, having known each other for about two years.  They're dreaming of
dining, dancing and having a "ball" with the "hunks" they're going to find
down there (little do they know...)

(before we get into more plot here... let's see who our "players" are.)

MAN #1 (Name: Nick Degage)  *
	Early 40's, 6'3", sandy blonde hair neatly trimmed and just over the
shoulders, blue eyes (stolen from Paul Neuman), 175 lbs, lean and fit.  He's
starting to show "crow's feet" around the eyes when he laughs. Clean shaven.
He's a successful salesman for a beachwear and accessories company in Calif-
ornia, reflecting the easy going, "Lets have fun" sort of attitude. (Now the
real details): His chest hair is blonde and sparse, just enough to see. He
has two small scars on his right knee (surf accident), a trim tush, and is
9" fully erect.  Young and fit, he can come in bucketfulls with the right
stimulation (a source of embarassment when he was younger).  His favorite
position is long session of '69'.  Favorite act: Coming on her breasts while
she rubs them against his balls.

MAN #2 (Name: ___________________)  *
	Mid to late 30's.  Short, neat dark brown hair, a few flecks of
gray.  Hazel eyes, broad shoulders. About 5'9" to 5'11", muscular although
at 180-185 pounds, he could exercise more.  He has a neat trim moustache.
He is a pilot for a large Air-Cargo company, loves flying, scubadiving,
boating, hiking, etc. He is smooth and gallant, "polished" comes to mind,
with a dynamite smile (Omar Shariff or Tom Cruise take your pick). He is
tough minded, practical, honest, and level headed.  Origin: Western US.
(Details: Think about Robert Conrad, just taller.  He has dark hair on his
chest, arms and legs, sparse on his stomach.  Fully erect he is about 7" long
but is thicker around than average. His favorite position is woman on top,
or missionary.  Favorite act: Coming on her pussy from behind.)


WOMAN #1: (Name: ________________)
	28 - 32 years, 5'7" to 5'10", 123-128 pounds, long golden blonde hair,
nicely tan but not over-dark, very pretty, with a somewhat wide & sexy mouth.
Her smile lights up her face. Blue eyes.  Her hair reaches the middle of her
back (at least), and is feathered on the sides. She likes to dress in sexy
clothes that show her lean, fit figure, and her long graceful legs.  She
works as an Asst. Marketing Director for a Hi-tech company in the east.
(Details: 36c-22-35, she has a neatly trimmed blonde bush, her tan stops at
her breasts and hips, revealing a fair complexion.  She is bisexual, although
she leans more towards men.  Her favorite position: Her on top, facing his
feet. Favorite act: having her pussy eaten for hours.)

WOMAN #2: (Name: ________________)
	23-26 years, 5'3" to 5'5", 110-115 pounds. The youngest & smallest player.
She is a natural redhead (orange actually), with emerald green eyes.  Also
is fair of skin with some freckles (a sexy smattering across her nose & her
breasts). She is alluring. Petite, but fiery. She likes loud music, cars and
(loud) sex.  She works for the local newspaper where she lives as a photo-
grapher.  She has a B.A. in Journalism.  Her smile is sexy, demure, and
inticing all at the same time.
(Details: 34d-20-34, bisexual and switches easily from men to women as her
mood dictates.  She is very oral, and she also one of those women who "let go"
and thrash about.  She has a beautifully striking orange triangle between
her legs, but her labia are shaved regularly.  She is a dirty talker in bed
and will do (almost) anything for her partner's (and her own) sexual pleasure.
She and the W#1 have never been to bed together and don't know the other
is bisexual.  Favorite position: Anything with deep penetration.  Favorite
act: Giving head while getting some from her girlfriend.)


*Whew*
Ok boys & girls, our job is to write a story that puts this foursome into
contact, doing as many things as "realistically possible" in a 3-4 day week-
end.  No B&D or S&M flings (explain all that stuff showing up on the airport
baggage x-ray machine!)  They need to meet naturally and build on it from
there.

Some Ideas to consider:
3 of us writing a story could get quite long.  We could write this as either
2, 3, or 4 shorter stories, each telling a different viewpoint. (I.E. The
two guys telling their stories to the reader, and the two gals, or each of
the people individually.  This might make it feel realistic (but you have to
re-write the dull parts too!)
	A 50-50 split probably would work best, where the gals tell their story,
and the guys tell their version (could be fun).
	We can also consider writing in 3rd-person (like many novels do) as though
we're actually telling the story of all four people...

We need to know who does what, with whom, how, for how long, etc.  We need
some continuity.  Let me start off the rest of the plot outline and see who
makes what suggestions:

	Day 1:
		The guys and gals check in to the "club", getting 3 bungalows between
	them (1 for each guy, the gals saved money by sharing a room).  The "club"
	will host dinner and dancing the first night (on the house), so people can
	meet and have a good time.  Our boys & girls dance with other people but
	as the evening wears on, they pair up at a table until they wander outside
	and down the beach for a stroll.  One couple wanders down the beach while
	the other couple sits and talks.  The wandering pair find seclusion and
	go do it, the sitting couple kissing and "making out" on the beach.
	They re-meet on the beach, go back to their rooms (paired up) and spend
	the night !!!!ing each other.

	Day 2: They meet for breakfast and go on a shopping trip into town and...

	Day 3: ????

	Day 4: ????? !


	The island:  Is, of course, tourist supported.  Our folks don't find any
	trouble (crime etc) during their stay.  There are nice places to eat, and
	there are "glitzy" tourist places to eat (our pilot can really pick the
	good spots for food!).  There are nightclubs that are fancy-dress types,
	and there are plenty of strip-joints (full nudity permitted, some even
	have live-sex acts), and of course the "club" puts on shows of its own
	(Ahem...rated PG-13 for obvious reasons). The village(s) on the island
	have fancy "big name" shops, and thousands of small shops and open stands
	with goods ranging from top quality to shoddy. The road are paved (mostly)
	and there are plenty of secluded areas on the island to get away from it
	all.  You can rent boats, cars, motorscooters, planes, hang-gliders, scuba
	gear, etc etc.

	Now...Let's have some FUN!
	P.B.
