                          SUB-DOM LOVE STORY


        The  rest  of the evening was marvelous.  We loved each  other
        for  hours  in every way that could be imagined.  We  showered
        together.   I  lovingly scrubbed you down and dried  you  off.
        Kissing  every  part of your body many times.  Like  all  good
        things, it had to come to an end.

        I  walked  you to your car, you ask me what time my class  was
        over the next day and when I had to fly home.  I told you that
        class  ends at 4:30 tomorrow (Thursday) and my plane leaves on
        Friday afternoon.  You smile and tell me that at 4:30 tomorrow
        afternoon  that I was to be waiting right at the front door of
        the  hotel.   You  were going to pick me up, take me  to  your
        place  for  a home cooked dinner.  I am delighted, I  can  not
        wait.  I kiss you good-by.

        At  the appointed time I am right at the curb in front of  the
        hotel.   You are already there.  I get into the car and off we
        go  to  your  place.  When we arrive, you show me  around  the
        house.  It is a nice place.  Your room mate was out of town so
        we are alone.  I felt very comfortable, the house was set just
        back  from  the street, the small back yard had a  high  fence
        around it for privacy.

        I sit at the kitchen table and watch you as you cook, you know
        that  I  am watching, you make little flirty moves to keep  my
        attention.   You  succeed, I can not take my eyes off of  you.
        While  dinner  was cooking, you would sit with me.   We  would
        hold  hands  and stare into each others eyes.  We  were  quite
        comfortable  with each other.  Much better than yesterday when
        were  both a bit frightened at meeting for the first time.  As
        we  ate  we  played a little footsie under the table.   I  was
        getting  excited, you sensed this and pulled your sexy  little
        foot  back.   When  I looked at you in  question,  you  simply
        stated  "Not  Yet, I have plans for you".  "Wow," I  think  to
        myself, "after yesterday, what could you do to top that?".  We
        continue to eat.

        After  dinner, you take me to the living room by the hand  and
        we  sit  down on the sofa.  We kiss and hug for  awhile.   You
        stand up and face me, "I have something for you, I want to get
        it  but  we  must have a long talk about it".  You go  to  the
        other room and return.  In your hand, you have a green leather
        collar  and  a  small padlock.  My eyes grow in  delight,  you
        notice that immediately.

        "I  want you to fully understand exactly what you are  getting
        into  if  you  put this collar on and lock it.   You  will  be
        giving  up  everything to me.  You will have no free will,  no
        pride,  no  dignity.   I  will   strip  you  of  these  things
        immediately  after  that collar goes on.  You will  have  only
        what  I want you to have.  You have always dreamed of being my
        slave,  now is your chance.  You will be trained to please me.
        I  will be the only thing in the world that matters.  You will
        think  only of me.  Yes I will control your mind too, you  may
        not  believe  that but you will find out in a short time  that
        both  your  mind  and body will be mine  without  reservation.
        Another  thing that you must understand is that I am going  to
        hurt you.  You will experience a great deal of pain."

        "No, I am not going to whip you or do anything that will leave
        marks  on  your  body.  I would never do anything  that  would
        injure  you.  But I assure you that you will suffer.  I am not
        speaking of mind games, yes I will end up with control of that
        too  as I said.  I will make you cry, I will taste your  tears
        before   that  collar  comes  off  of  your  neck.    Do   you
        understand?"

        I  tell  you that I do understand, I also trust you.   I  know
        that  you  will not injure me.  I doubted to myself  that  you
        could  make me cry.  I will not say that to you.  I stand  up,
        take the collar and lock from your hand and walk to the mirror
        that  is  on  the wall.  I place the collar  around  my  neck,
        insert  the lock thru the hasp on the buckle and snap it shut.
        "CLICK"

        You  get up off the sofa, slowly but deliberately walk  across
        the  room to face me.  "Get the clothing off, NOW".  I  comply
        with  out  any hesitation.  You take the clothing and  lay  it
        over  the back of a chair.  "On your knees", I get down on  my
        knees  with  my hands behind my neck.  "Spread those knees,  I
        never  want you to try to hide anything, I own that cock  now.
        I want to see it at all times".  I turn red but I comply.

        "Now  for  some lessons to show you just how powerful I am  to
        your  life.  You will keep your eyes on me at all times, I  am
        the  center of the universe as far as you are concerned.  When
        I  am in front of you, you will keep your eyes on me.  When  I
        am  behind you, you will look straight ahead".  With that  you
        walk  from the room carrying my clothing with you.  I hear you
        enter  the room again behind me.  I am tempted to turn and see
        where  you are but remember that I may not do that.  "Put your
        hands  behind your back" I am told.  I comply, I feel  leather
        cuffs  being  fitted  to my wrists and being  firmly  secured.
        Long  leather straps are brought under me on either side of my
        scrotum.   They are then wrapped around my waist and  secured.
        I lightly pulled to see how well fastened I was, Quite secure,
        I  knew that I could never free myself.  You walk around  into
        my  line  of  sight.  In your hand is something  with  leather
        straps  on it.  "This is a gag, you are going to wear it for a
        little  while  for the experience.  I do not wish to keep  you
        gagged  as  there are many other things that I will have  your
        mouth doing to please me".  You roughly insert the gag into my
        mouth  and secure it at the back of my head.  It pulls at  the
        corners  of  my  mouth and is quite uncomfortable.   You  walk
        behind  me and pull my ankles together, I feel a leather strap
        being  pulled tightly to secure my feet.  "NOW, watch,  listen
        and learn".

        I  watch  you go to the telephone, you pick it up and  dial  a
        long  series  of numbers.  "Hello, is this Cynthia?  Good,  My
        name  is  Nancy  Moore with the Pacific Institute,  Yes  I  am
        calling  for your boss.  He wanted me to let you know that  he
        was  able  to  get  into the second class that  he  wanted  to
        attend,  yes, that's right, he will be here for another  week.
        Yes,  He asked me to be sure that you knew that.  Also,  would
        you  please  let his family know that as well?   Great,  thank
        you,  bye-bye."  Next  you call the airline and  rearrange  my
        flight home for the following week.

        I  look  at  you with the expression of absolute shock  on  my
        face.   You get up and walk over to me and look at me straight
        in  the eye.  "Never underestimate Me, I have complete control
        of  your space and time.  I even checked you out of the hotel.
        Your  things are in the trunk of the car".  "Always  remember,
        you  are  my  property, I can do with you as I please  when  I
        please.  Never forget that".

        You  remove  the  gag.  "Now lets review a few  things,  Who's
        slave  are  you?""Yours my Lady", I answer.  "Very Good.   Who
        must  you  please at all times?" You my Lady".   "Good,  Good,
        responding  to  training already.  So far you do  please  me".
        You  rub  the toe of your shoe along the length of my cock,  I
        wince  at the sensation.  "At Attention I See, you will remain
        that  way  at all times, I like that".  I was in  shock,  This
        woman  has  taken  complete control of me,  she  has  actually
        stolen  a week of my life.  Then I think about it, she did not
        steal  anything,  I gave it away and she is using it.  I  must
        have turned a very bright shade of red.

        Without  a  word,  you  release the strap  holding  my  ankles
        together  and snap a leash on to my collar and lead me to  the
        bath  room.   The straps running under my crotch that bind  my
        hands  rub and start to hurt.  You take me into the bath  room
        and  point  to  the spot on the floor where I am to  kneel,  I
        comply.   You  start  to  undress, article  after  article  of
        clothing  comes off until you are as naked as I am.  You  look
        at  me  and with your foot push my knees farther  apart.   You
        than  stroke  the length of my cock with your toes.   You  nod
        approval and step into the shower.  You leave the curtain open
        and turn the water on.  You look like a goddess with the water
        cascading  down your body and over your breasts.  I wanted  to
        be in there with you, scrubbing and loving, Not tied up on the
        floor  watching.  I made every effort to suppress a moan  deep
        in  my throat.  My cock began to hurt, it was so hard that  it
        felt like it was going to split like an overcooked sausage.  I
        must hide the fact of the pain, I do not want you to know that
        I hurt.  I really wanted a cigarette, I knew all too well that
        it  was out of the question.  You put on a loose fitting  robe
        and  then  take  hold of my leash and gently pull  me  to  the
        standing  position.   I step over to the camode in hopes  that
        you  will  get  the  hint that I need to  use  it.   You  well
        understand  my  needs, you shake your head, "You are a  slave,
        slaves  are not allowed to use the fixtures." You lead me  out
        to  the back door into the private enclosed back yard.   "Here
        is where you will go".  My face flushed, being treated like an
        animal  was the last thing I expected.  When I was warned that
        I  would forfeit all pride and dignity, I never expected this.
        As I go you stand there and watch.  Being humiliated took on a
        whole  meaning  to me.  When I finish, you lead me back in  to
        the  house at the end of my leash.  "I see that you are not at
        attention  slave,  we will take care of that right  away"  You
        lead  me  to the living room and instruct me to kneel  on  the
        heavy  wooden  coffee table.  You produce a large feather  and
        lay  it  on the table.  You place a blind fold on me.   Terror
        fills  me,  now I am unable to see.  I feel sensations  on  my
        cock.  I feel it jump to attention rapidly.


        You  instruct me to bend forward till my forehead touches  the
        table.   I  feel  a long, hard slender object placed  into  my
        anus.  I feel pain and groan.  I hear you chuckle.  You remove
        the  blindfold and have me get off the table.  You lead me all
        around  the  house  on the leash.  The object in  my  anus  is
        somehow  stimulating  me  in  a   manner  that  I  have  never
        experienced  before.  My cock was very, very hard to the point
        of pain.  You lead me back and forth from one end of the house
        to  the other many times.  You finally stop.  My breathing  is
        heavy.   My sex has been excited to the point where I know  an
        orgasm  is about to happen.  You realize this too.  You  reach
        down  and  with  your hand clamp securely around my  cock  and
        squeeze.   "You  dare shoot off now and I will make  you  very
        sorry".  Somehow I do not.  A tiny drop of fluid is on the end
        of  my cock.  You place it on the end of your finger and taste
        it.   "Excellent,  keeping you on the very edge of  orgasm  is
        where  the pain is my slave.  I know that edge is razor sharp.
        I  will  have  you teetering on that edge for as  long  as  it
        pleases  me.   Let the pain be a constant reminder of who  you
        are and what you are".

        The rest of the evening was devoted to quashing and destroying
        any  pride  I had left.  You fed me by hand, commanded  me  to
        kneel  at your feet while you watched TV.  I was told to place
        my head in your lap while you idly stroked my hair and face as
        you  watched the news.  You made sure that you kept my  sexual
        feelings  in check.  You would glance at my cock every now and
        then,  if it faltered from it's erect state in the least,  you
        would  gently run your toes gently under my balls and along my
        cock  until you got the desired results, then you would  stop.
        I could not help but whimper.  You would look into my eyes and
        smile.   "No  tears  yet?   in time, in time,  my  slave".   I
        thought  to  myself that you are not going to make me  cry,  I
        will not cry to entertain you.  On the other hand I could feel
        that  you  were breaking me down.  I had no control left,  you
        had  all  the control.  I was learning very rapidly just  what
        being  a  slave really meant.  Being completely at your  mercy
        was indeed awesome.

        A  while  later, you got up from the sofa, at the snap of  the
        leash, I was on my feet and going to wherever you were leading
        me.   The  back  yard to relieve myself.  Then I was  made  to
        kneel on the grass while you used the hose and a wash cloth to
        wash me, as if I was some kind of a prize animal you cared for
        me,  brushed my hair and rubbed me down.  I could feel  myself
        enjoying  your  touch.  After being dried I was led back  into
        the  house to your bedroom.  Next to your bed there is a small
        carpet,  you  point to it and command "Lay Down", you tie  the
        leash to the bed post.  "Sleep well slave, you are going to be
        very busy tomorrow pleasing me.  Go to sleep with that thought
        on your mind, pleasing me is all that I want you to think of".
        You  turn off the light and lay down on the bed and shortly  I
        hear  by  your  gentle breathing that you  are  asleep.   Many
        thoughts  run thru my mind, helplessness, tied by a collar and
        leash  to your bed, hands still tied behind my back, forbidden
        to  speak unless spoken to, hand fed, forced to relieve myself
        in  the  yard like an animal, kept sexually aroused  and  then
        denied sexual relief.

        I  was not sure that I could deal with much more of this,  You
        do  seem to be somewhat pleased so far, perhaps that in itself
        is  good.   Perhaps  I am becoming  your  domesticated  little
        animal  after  all.  You will not make me cry, I will not  let
        you do that.  I close my eyes and slowly drift off to sleep.

        I wake up and look over at you.  You are still sleeping.  I am
        stiff  from  sleeping on the floor.  My hands have  been  tied
        behind my back for over 12 hours and my shoulders and arms are
        sore.   I look down at my sex, to my horror, I see that it  is
        limp.   I  am well aware that you would be very displeased  to
        see that.  I turn over with my back to you so you will not see
        me  disgracefully limp like that.  I hear the covers rustle on
        the  bed  and hear you sit up on the edge of the  bed.   "Turn
        around  and look at me, Slave", your icy voice cuts thru me as
        if you had lashed me with your crop.  You have never called me
        by  my  name  since I placed the collar on myself.   You  have
        stripped  me  of my own name as well.  I turn around, you  are
        sitting  on  the bed glaring at me as well as my  limpness,  I
        hang  my  head in shame.  This is not the way to start  a  new
        day.   I  approach you on my knees and kiss your feet, I  kiss
        your ankles.  You place your foot on my chest and push me back
        until  the leash is tight between the bed post and the collar.
        "Never  touch me while you are in that awful condition, I  see
        that  you are still in dire need of more training".  With that
        you  untie the leash take it in your hand and start out of the
        room.  The leash snaps tight, I get up as quickly as I can and
        trot  behind you feeling the ache in my legs.  You take me  to
        the  back  yard and then back into the house.   "Very  intense
        training  for you today slave, I think I will see those  tears
        yet".   I can well see that this is not going to be a good day
        at all.

        The  whole  day  was  a nightmare, you did  an  excellent  job
        degrading  me.  You placed clamps on my nipples, they hurt.  I
        was  made  to  follow you around on my knees while  you  fixed
        dinner.   You  moved  fast  around the kitchen.   To  add  the
        perfect  insult  I  actually had to hold my own  leash  in  my
        mouth.   You affixed some kind of a ring device to my cock, as
        long  as  it was hard, it would stay on, if for any reason  it
        started to become limp, it would fall off.  You warned me that
        if  the  ring  fell off that I would suffer  more.   You  very
        expertly  kept my sexual arousal at just the right level.  The
        pain  from  all of these things plus the terrible  degradation
        was  very  effective.  You fed me.  Then just about  dark  you
        marched  me  around in the back yard, plug in my anus,  nipple
        clamps  and  cock ring.  You marched me until  my  performance
        satisfied  you.   I  had to step high, hold my  head  up.   It
        seemed  like  a blur.  Whenever I failed to perform  properly,
        you  would  lift  me  onto my toes by  my  cock  and  verbally
        chastise me and make me do everything all over again.  I tried
        harder  and  harder,  I had to please you.  I  fixed  my  mind
        completely on pleasing you, nothing else was more important to
        me at the time.  Pleasing you became an obsession.  I marched,
        head up, knees high, stepping proudly.  "Very good, Very good"
        I  heard  you  say.   I had a fresh burst  of  energy,  I  was
        pleasing you at last.


        You  removed  the plug from my anus, the clamps and  the  cock
        ring  and had me kneel on the grass.  You washed me and rubbed
        me down with some kind of liniment.  It felt good.  Your hands
        were  actually moving around my body in a loving manner.   You
        went  into  the  house and returned with a razor  and  shaving
        cream  and shaved my face.  I was clean again and felt better.
        You  worked on my shoulders to relieve the pain from my  hands
        being  tied behind my back.  They were still tied, and I  knew
        would  remain so until it pleased you to untie them.  You take
        the leash and lead me into the house.  You are very gentle for
        a  change.  In the living room you sit and point to the  floor
        in  front  of you for me to kneel.  You take my face  in  your
        hands, "I am very happy with you, It seems that you are trying
        very hard to please me".  "You are not just any slave, you are
        my  slave, you will always receive the very best training  and
        care,  never doubt that".  You kiss me on the forehead and  on
        the  cheeks.  You lovingly rub my back.  It dawns on me,  this
        fine  lady  does  love me, she actually cares for me  a  great
        deal.  I owe her absolute obedience.  I now understand why the
        harsh  training,  she wants me to be a well  trained  faithful
        slave.   An  untrained  or  poorly   trained  slave  would  be
        worthless.   I  am valuable to her.  I am most  fortunate  for
        this  fine woman to claim ownership of me.  I am quite ashamed
        of  myself  that I misunderstood your intentions.  What  I  at
        first  thought  to  be  cruelty for your sport  was  just  the
        opposite.  It was genuine care, concern and love.

        Now  I cry, the tears run freely down my cheeks.  Partly  from
        shame  and  partly from joy.  You bend over and kiss  both  my
        cheeks.  You lick my tears.  "Now that I taste your tears, our
        relationship is sealed forever, I own you and you know it".  I
        nod  my head in absolute respect.  "I want you to speak freely
        this  one time and tell me how you feel".  It had been quite a
        while  since  I had been allowed to speak, I clear my  throat,
        you  watch me and smile waiting for me to answer.  "My Lady, I
        am  your  slave, I will be your slave forever, I  will  always
        obey  and please you.  You own my body, my heart and my  mind.
        I  am  very happy and proud being your slave.  I swear to  you
        that  I will be a good and loyal slave forever." It was almost
        like  a ceremony, You sit there smiling, very pleased.  I felt
        good  all  over.  "Now faithful slave, we have something  long
        overdue  that needs to be done" You stand up, gently you  lift
        me  up by your little fingers under my collar.  You lead me on
        the  leash  from the room.  I follow you strutting proudly  at
        the end of my leash.

        You  take me in to your bedroom and point at your bed, I  look
        at  you questioningly, I have never been allowed on your  bed.
        You nod that it is where I am to go.  I sit on the edge of the
        bed,  you tie the leash to the headboard.  Now you gently push
        me  around and down on the bed.  I lay there on my tied  hands
        with  my  legs  apart  as they should  be.   You  remove  your
        clothing  and lay down beside me.  You begin to kiss me deeply
        on the lips.  This is the first kiss on the lips that you have
        given  me  as  your  slave.  I return the kiss  with  all  the
        passion  that  has  been building up all this time.   My  cock
        feels  like it is on fire.  I continue kissing you as long  as
        you are kissing me.  You look at my nearly flaming sex.

        "You  have  proven yourself as an excellent pony, now we  will
        see  if you perform well as a stud horse".  You gently push my
        legs together and mount me, I feel you impaling yourself on me
        and  the  feeling  is absolutely wonderful.  It  is  like  the
        Fourth  of  July,  what seems like explosions of  light,  pure
        pleasure, absolute ecstasy throbs thru my entire body.  One of
        those explosions was the blast of long pent up seed being shot
        into  you,  the  blast was violent, we both  quiver  in  sheer
        delight.   I do not remember all that happened, I do  remember
        that it was all wonderful.  Somewhere I pass out.

        I wake up, it is early morning.  The sun barely peeks thru the
        window.   You  are sleeping next to me on the bed, I  have  my
        arms  wrapped around you.  (Yes untied) You are curled up  and
        wrapped  around my body.  I feel wonderful.  We are both  very
        sweaty  and  sticky.  It does not matter, not now anyway.   My
        leash is still tied to the head board.  I look down at my cock
        and  see that it is limp, I am not going to have you wake  and
        see that.  I reach down and lightly stroke it to bring it back
        to life.  I feel you grip my wrist and pull my hand off of it.
        You  are awake, "I forbid you ever to touch your own sex, that
        is  my  property and I will do any required touching,  do  you
        understand?"  "Yes my Lady" I answer.  I am frightened that  I
        displeased  you,  that will not happen again.  "Now, you  will
        bathe me and dress me".  "Yes, My Lady", I answer and you lead
        me  to the bath room.  You unhook my leash from my collar.  We
        both  step  into the shower and I begin to bathe you.  I  take
        great  pains  to be very careful and respectful to you at  all
        times.   I  pamper your body with every loving stroke  of  the
        wash  cloth.   I dry you with gentle perfection.  You show  me
        the  clothes  that I am to dress you in, a teel  pantsuit.   I
        lovingly  slip you into the soft silky fabric.  I am a  little
        clumsy and nervous.  You sensed this and instructed me exactly
        how to do it.  I was most attentive, I wanted to learn exactly
        what pleased you so that I would never forget.  After dressing
        you,  you  took  me  to the back yard and washed  me.   I  was
        allowed  to  stand  for a change, another privilege  that  you
        grant  me.   I was always to place my hands on the back of  my
        neck.  My feet apart while you washed my entire body.  It felt
        good, you shaved me and rubbed some kind of scented lotion all
        over  me.  Thinking about it, I have not only learned my place
        as  your  slave, I have learned to love being your  slave.   I
        wait  with  baited breath for your next command.  You take  me
        back  into  the house and give me instructions on fixing  your
        hair  exactly  the  way you wanted it.  I learned  quickly,  I
        enjoyed  so much being allowed to touch your hair, your  body.
        You  smile at me in the mirror.  My heart melts, I know that I
        am  a  very  proud slave.  I am very happy serving  you.   The
        whole  day is dedicated to instruction on matters that are  to
        please  you.  I learn and memorize every instruction.  I  have
        been taught many things and struggle to remember.  You warn me
        very  sternly that I am not to forget that I am a slave.  I am
        never  to stand in one place, I am to drop to my knees with my
        hands behind my neck and knees spread wide.  I am never to eat
        anything  unless it comes from your hand.  I will still be led
        on  a  leash when it pleased you.  I still am taken  into  the
        back yard to relive myself.

        These  things  do not seem degrading any more.  They are  your
        commands  and are obeyed.  My pride exists only in the quality
        of  obedience  and subservience you require of me, and I  give
        them freely without reservation.

        The  most difficult lessons start that afternoon.  Training me
        to please you sexually was very difficult.  What I thought was
        natural  came as a very difficult task.  I tried very hard  to
        please  you.   Exactly how you wanted your  clothing  removed.
        What  to  touch and when.  When to kiss, how to kiss, what  to
        kiss.   I  did not do very well that first day.  You  made  me
        dress  and  undress you many times to get it right.   My  cock
        started  aching  during this session.  No trouble  staying  at
        attention  whatsoever.  You told me that you would not  permit
        any  sex until I was able to do it right.  I failed.  You tied
        me spread eagle to the foot board that night to contemplate my
        errors.   You  left  me there overnight, I was  in  a  painful
        position,  I  was heartbroken that I failed to please you.   I
        cried  most  of  the night.  I knew well that I  deserved  the
        punishment.   I was grateful that you tied me with my back  to
        you.   I  was so ashamed that I failed you, I could  not  face
        you.  I did hang my head in shame.

        The next morning you get out of bed and approach me.  I am not
        at  attention.   "When that condition improves, I  will  untie
        you,  not until then".  You walk off and soon after I hear the
        shower  running.   I  hang  my head and  cry.   Again  I  have
        displeased  you.   As I hear the shower, I visualize what  you
        look like with water running down your supple body.  "I should
        be  in  there taking care of her", I thought to myself.  I  do
        bring  myself to attention just thinking about you.  You enter
        the room wearing your robe.  You examine me, "That's better, I
        thought  we  were through with this cock ring, but  not  yet".
        You place the cock ring on me, Untie me and lead me away by my
        leash,  I step along as proudly as I can.  You lead me to  the
        other  room where you insert the plug in my anus, you fasten a
        long  narrow strap thru the ring in the plug and thru the cock
        ring.   You let the end of this small strap hang down  between
        my legs.  You then place the clamps on my nipples.  After that
        is done, you point to my clothing that is folded on the chair.
        "Get  Dressed", I look at you in absolute wonderment.  "We are
        going  grocery shopping, you will come along and help".  I did
        as I was told.  You have provided me with a turtleneck sweater
        to  hide my collar.  As I pull on the pants, you bring the end
        of  the small strap behind me and fasten it to my belt in  the
        rear.   The  strap is hidden by the sweater covering my  belt.
        You  adjust  the strap to get the tension just  right.   Every
        step  I  took stimulated me from both ends at the  same  time.
        You  take me outside to the car and we leave for the store.  I
        felt embarrassed wearing clothes in your presence, it was your
        command however so I understood.

        At  the  store,  you had me push the shopping cart  while  you
        selected the purchases and placed them in the cart.  You would
        rest your hand on my back under the sweater and lightly tug on
        the  strap every now and then.  This was a reminder of who was
        in command.


        The  stimulation was very intense.  Sweat was on my  forehead.
        You would place your arm around me and say into my ear "Please
        me  well  today  and  be rewarded".  I was  going  crazy  with
        excitement.  A gentle rub across my chest to wiggle the clamps
        every now and then also kept me very aware that I was going to
        please  you.   I had to please you.  Here we were in a  public
        place where no one around us knew what was going on.  I had to
        remind  myself  of that so I would not get on my  knees  right
        then.  I had to wait, waiting was punishment.

        We  returned  to  the house, I undressed  right  away  without
        waiting  for  a command, you nod approval.  Now the  groceries
        are to be put away.  The groceries were all on the table.  You
        would  hand me an item and tell me where it went and I was  to
        pony  step over there and put it away.  One item, one trip.  I
        was  not  allowed to take more than one item at a  time.   The
        little  strap that came off the cock ring and anal plug  would
        slap  gently  against  my  inner thighs.  I  was  puffing  and
        panting as well as sweating.  You watched and smiled, my utter
        agony  was pleasing you.  If my agony pleased you, than it was
        good that I was in agony.

        When  the  work  was complete, you took the  small  strap  and
        started  toward  the  bed room.  I had never been led  by  the
        strap on the cock ring before, I stepped along quite briskly.

        In  the  bed  room, your instructions are simple  and  to  the
        point.   "Undress me the correct way as I have taught you,  or
        you will be tied to the foot board, you will stay there a very
        long  time" I resolved that I would please you exactly as  you
        expected.  I started with the gentle rubbing and stroking that
        you  liked, My hands were very gentle but busy.  The  clothing
        comes  off  just  as you expect.  I start kissing  your  inner
        thighs  as  you like.  I run my tongue around each nipple  and
        kiss tenderly.  On my knees again, I gently kiss your clit and
        gently run my tongue around just inside you.  I feel your body
        shudder.  I know that I am doing well.  We kiss deeply and run
        our  hands all over each other.  You reach down and remove the
        cock ring as well as the plug and clamps.  You lay down on the
        bed and pull me down onto your soft warm body by my collar.  I
        loved  you every way I knew how to.  You were indeed  pleased.
        You told me so and made me feel real good.  I was again a very
        proud  slave.  You doze a bit with your fingers wrapped around
        my collar, a statement of complete possession.  I loved it.

        That  evening  you fed me very well, you made a wonderful  pot
        roast  and fed me bite by bite.  You had me beg like a  little
        puppy  at your feet for each bite.  I would kiss and lick your
        legs  and  I  would get a a little food as a  reward.   I  was
        pleasing  you and was very happy that I was.  I am very proud,
        very proud that I am your slave.

        I  place my head in your lap while you watch TV, you  lovingly
        stroke my hair.  I prepare you for bed.  As I tuck you in, you
        reach  and  grab hold of my cock.  "Tomorrow we will  work  at
        training this beast of mine here" I wondered what you meant by
        that.  I knew that I would find out.


        I  was  awakened by the tug of the leash, I start to  get  up.
        "Hands  and  Knees" I am commanded.  You lead me to  the  back
        yard  and back into the house.  You position me on the  coffee
        table  and wash me and shave me.  You then look at me in  your
        strange way and order me to spread my legs farther apart.  You
        lather  my pubic hair and place the razor and start as if  you
        were going to shave my pubis.  I remain still.  You look at me
        and  smile.   "I really would not do that, I wanted to see  if
        you  would flinch, you did not and that pleases me very  much.
        You  have shown me just how complete your submission  really
        is".   You made me very happy saying that, I nearly burst with
        pride.   You  kiss  me  on  the cheek and  rub  me  down  with
        something that smelled real good.  You playfully swat me on my
        buttocks from time to time as you rub, I like that.

        You  lead  me  to your bed room by the leash, you  remove  the
        leash  and place your hands on my face and look into my  eyes.
        "Now  we  start  training that cock, you are going  to  be  an
        expert  lover.  You have pleased me so far and have been good,
        now is the time to improve".

        This  was the most difficult training I had ever gone thru  in
        my  whole life.  I had been in one type of training or another
        since  I  was  a Boy Scout.  Nothing ever  like  this  before.
        Pleasing  you  was  most  difficult.  The  first  problem  you
        corrected  was the fact that you wanted me to learn to  retain
        my  seed  longer during the love making.  I never knew that  I
        could  control  that.   It  was a very  painful  lesson.   You
        started  out  by clamping your thumb and forefinger around  my
        balls.   You would keep feeling and you would know when I  was
        about  to ejaculate.  If the time did not please you, I  would
        feel  a  very  painful pinch and squeeze from you.   You  also
        taught  me to slow down, "There was no hurry", you would  tell
        me.   To  keep my attention, you would slap my buttocks,  they
        were  very  red.  I learned however.  It was painful  but  you
        were pleased.  That is all that counted.

        You  also taught me all the fine points that were necessary to
        please  you.   I never realized that there was so much that  I
        could  do  with my cock, my tongue, my lips and so many  other
        parts  of  my body could be used for sexual satisfaction to  a
        woman.  Not just any woman, the woman who owns me.  My fingers
        and  how  and where I touched were so important, I just  never
        realized how little I knew about sex.  I was an eager student.
        Looking  back,  I find I amaze myself at the fact that  I  was
        concentrating on your pleasure and not my own.

        You were finally fully satisfied.  You kissed me and hugged me
        and  told me that I was a very good slave.  I was very  happy.
        You  had me bathe you and put you into bed and tuck you in.  I
        kissed  you  good night and pulled the blankets over  you.   I
        laid  down on my carpet.  Laid my head down and began to doze.
        It  had  been a long hard day.  A good day.  "SLAVE"  My  eyes
        opened and I looked at you, "I think it a waste for a slave as
        well trained as you to be sleeping on the floor, get into this
        bed  with me, no sex tonight, just sleep".  Very eagerly I got
        into bed, you folded your arms around me and went to sleep.  I
        felt warmth and love.  I felt protected.  I was very happy.  I
        slept very well.

        The  next morning we woke up.  I bathed and dressed you, fixed
        your  hair.  You commanded me to clean the house from one  end
        to  the other.  I did every thing that I was told to do.   You
        decided to attach a small bell to my cock with a small leather
        strap.   The  bell jingled with every move.  You could  always
        tell  that I was at attention by the way the bell rang.  I was
        so  proud of the way that I stayed at attention.  I found that
        I  did  enjoy  flaunting  my rock hard sex in  front  of  you.
        Teasing you my the right wiggles.  I did gain your attraction,
        several  times  that day you took me to your bed.  I had  more
        sex  at  that time that I think I had in my whole  life.   You
        asked  me  the same questions several times.  Whose slave  are
        you?   "Yours My Lady." Who do you please?  "You My Lady." Are
        you  my  little  Whore-Boy?  "Yes My Lady".  Who is  the  most
        important  person  in  your life?  "You My  Lady".   You  were
        indeed  pleased.   You  smile at me, I feel so good, I  am  so
        proud to be such a valued slave to a great lady.

        The  rest  of the day you marched me in the back yard.  I  did
        exactly  what  I knew would please you.  My head was high,  my
        knees  were  high.   As I pony marched, the bell  on  my  cock
        continued  to ring at a constant beat.  When you were finished
        marching  me.   You  had me stand legs apart, you  washed  me,
        shaved  me  and  rubbed me down.  You liberally  applied  some
        scented oil all over me.  As you rubbed, your fingers explored
        my  whole  body, it was your property, you knew  every  square
        inch  of it.  You come around in front of me and kneel as  you
        apply  the  oil to my balls and cock.  You rub the  rock  hard
        sex,  kiss my cock tenderly and just a light lick with the tip
        of  your  tongue.   I grown in delight.  "Are you  hot,  whore
        boy?"  you  ask.  "Oh yes My Lady" was the reply.  You  remove
        the  little  bell and lead me to the bed room again.   Another
        excellent  performance.  You were very pleased.  You fed me an
        excellent  supper.   We were back in bed a short  time  later.
        You  playfully  slapped  my buttocks as we had  sex.   "It  is
        wonderful to be able to reap such great benefits from all that
        training"  was  your only comment.  We both went to  sleep  in
        each others arms.

        When  I  woke  up  the next morning, I  was  alone,  I  became
        immediately  frightened.  Could I get up without your command?
        I  was  not sure what to do.  I heard you moving about in  the
        living  room.   You  look in at me and see that  I  am  awake.
        "Come  to me, hands and knees".  I crawl into the living room.
        You point to the coffee table where I am to get and assume the
        kneeling position, knees apart, hands behind my neck.  Exactly
        as trained.

        "You  know  what happens tomorrow?" you ask.  "No my Lady",  I
        reply.   You then explain that my collar gets removed the next
        day.   I  look at you a mixture of shock and fear on my  face.
        "Have I not pleased you well enough?" I ask as I start to cry.
        "Yes" was your answer "I am very pleased with you, However, we
        both  have got our own private lives to resume.  We both  have
        got  jobs  and families to return to.  It is a fact.  It  will
        happen.  You will do so as I will.  I command it."



        The  day  was difficult, I bathed you, dressed you  and  fixed
        your  hair.  I tried to avoid you in the mirror as I did  your
        hair.   Every time I thought of the fact that we were going to
        part,  my heart ached.  I choked back tears all morning.   You
        had little to say as well.  You really had to tell me nothing.
        I knew that you felt as badly as I did.

        In  your wisdom, you were well aware that I needed to be  kept
        busy.   You had me clean house, wash your clothes and anything
        else  that  you  could do.  My chin was  dragging  the  floor.
        Suddenly, out of nowhere, I receive a stinging crack across my
        buttocks.  "On your knees" I am commanded.  I drop to my knees
        as commanded.  "Your attitude displeases me, slave, I want you
        to  stop thinking of what is going to happen." I was  somewhat
        shocked back into reality.  I stare at you in amazement.  "Are
        you  going to deny me your services?  I can be very harsh, you
        still  are  a  slave,  do  not   forget  it.   Now  please  me
        immediately"

        You  were right, what is to happen tomorrow will not ruin  the
        events of today.  Every minute was precious, not to be wasted.
        I  did something that I thought I would never dare do  without
        the  proper  invitation.  I stood, grabbed you and kissed  you
        deeply.   I squeezed your wonderful body.  You did not resist.
        I  then picked you up and took you to your bed room.  You  did
        not  say a word.  No command to stop.  I set you on your  feet
        and  as expertly as you taught me, I undressed you.  I  kissed
        every  part  of  your  body as I uncovered  it.   I  kept  you
        standing  with  your  feet spread far apart as if you  were  a
        slave.   I started kissing you at your feet.  I worked my  way
        up your legs.  I was very generous with my tongue and lips.  I
        worked  your vagina with my mouth in a nearly brutal  fashion.
        I hear you moan, I feel your body shudder in utter passion.  I
        do  not  stop.  I work you into a frenzy.  Myself as well.   I
        have  faint  memories  of  you getting on the  bed.   You  are
        pulling  me after you by my collar.  We both spend the rest of
        the day there.  Nothing was left undone.  We both sink into an
        exhausted  deep  sleep.   I slept with my  head  between  your
        breasts.  Every now and then, I would briefly wake and lightly
        kiss  your breast.  It was the way I knew that you were  there
        and you knew that I was there.

        The  ride to the airport was quiet.  I feel so embarrassed  to
        be  wearing clothing in your presence.  I was ashamed in fact.
        I  still had my collar on.  To keep me quiet like a gag.   The
        collar  has  been  a  very effective gag.   Perhaps  that  was
        better.   What  words could I say?  How am I going  to  handle
        being free?  I do not want to be free.  I would spend the rest
        of  my life pleasing you if I could.  The thought that saddens
        me  the  greatest  is that it is not possible.   My  heart  is
        broken,  I  steal  a glance at you.  Your face  is  tight  and
        drawn.   This is hard for you as well.  It seems that you  are
        stronger  than  I in more ways than one.  As we get closer  to
        the airport, I feel worse.  I am choking back tears.  There is
        a  lump  in my throat.  It is so difficult to leave a  way  of
        life  that I have been trained for so well and that I  enjoyed
        so  much to return to an ordinary life.  It seems like  dying.
        Tears are running down my cheeks.  I can not help it.

        You  pull in to the parking lot and stop the car.  You turn on
        the  seat to face me, you are crying as well.  We just look at
        each  other in silence.  You reach over and pull me toward you
        by  the collar.  You produce the small key to the padlock  and
        unlock  the  collar and remove it.  You drop it into the  back
        seat.  I completely break down and sob uncontrollably.

        "Is  the  collar really necessary anymore?" "You are still  my
        slave  and you know it" I answer, "Yes My Lady".  You lift  my
        head  so that we have eye contact.  "Listen, Listen Well,  Who
        trained  who  this past week?  Yes I taught you a few  tricks.
        Yes  I  enjoyed it as well.  What do you think you taught  me?
        Who  is  the slave?  Who owns who?  Never, Never doubt  for  a
        single  second  that you do not have some ownership of me.   I
        submit  to that ownership by you.  Just like you did with  me.
        We   both  learned  something   here.   Something   wonderful.
        Something  that  will last forever.  Our relationship  is  not
        over.  Sure, we will be apart by many miles.  Our feelings for
        each  other  are by far too strong to have that distance be  a
        barrier.  It will only make us stronger.  Every time we do get
        to  see  each other will be better just for that  reason.   We
        belong  to  each  other, and we both know it.   On  your  next
        visit, I intend to be on my knees to please you.  And I assure
        you  that I will be very content pleasing you.  Just like  you
        were pleasing me."

        We kiss deeply for a very long time.  We look at each other as
        if neither of us knew what to say.  "You will be back, just be
        sure to let me know ahead of time so I can be ready"

        "Now  my  last command to you is to get on that  airplane,  go
        back to your regular life, Think of me always as I will you"

        I  obey  as trained, I walk into the airport thinking  of  the
        next  time, that next time will not be too far off, I will see
        to  it.  I thought about a cigarette, why?  I haven't had  one
        in  a  whole  week, do not need one now.  I smile  to  myself,
        great way to quit smoking.

        As  I get on the plane, I keep thinking, Next Time, Next Time,
        Next Time.  Yes the sooner the better.
