My wrists were securely strapped to my hips with the spanking harness I had 
made for my wife to use on me. My elbows were pulled together with a strap that 
went from each of the leather cuffs that were secured just above my elbows. My 
fingers could only touch the tops of my new black seamed stockings and the 
little garters that are attached to the open bottom black girdle I was wearing. 
I was balancing on my new 5" black patent pumps because the training collar I 
had around my neck was tied off to an eye bolt in the ceiling and the short 
spreader bar was keeping my legs spread quite nicely. Needless to say, I was 
quite vulnerable just standing there and I felt totally helpless. My ass was 
exposed leaving it a clean target for the abuse it was going to receive in a 
few minutes from my wife. She had promised me this beating after I begged her 
all week for a good spanking. I had even gone out and purchased for her a new 
riding crop with a little patch of leather at the end and a new penis gag. I 
left her new presents in our toy drawer on top so that she would see them. She 
always puts on a black cire cat suit and her 5" heels when she gets into her 
husband beating mood. It helps her get into the scene. I heard her clicking 
down the hallway and I new she was dressed and my ass was going to be on fire 
very soon. My cock was rock hard from the excitement as well as the small 
leather harness which makes it extra hard. I could see my precum building at 
the tip and I wished I could lick it off. She came into the room and my eyes 
gazed at the toys she had in her hands. She had our toy bag and the new crop 
and penis gag. She looked at me and told me I looked so cute all trussed up 
with no place to go. She opened the toy bag and took out a leather hood I had 
purchased for her awhile ago and slipped it over my head and laced it tight. 
Then she closed off the eye and ear openings so that I could see nothing and 
hear very little. The mouth opening was left open temporarily while my wife 
skillfully jerked my cock until I produced a full load of cum. She told me to 
open wide as the new penis gag was inserted into my mouth and strapped on 
around the back of my head. I new she had taken my load of cum and coated the 
gag because all I could taste was the taste of my salty cum. The gag worked 
quite well at filling my mouth and keeping me quiet. I was left like this for 
about an hour until I barely heard my wife return. What I also heard was the 
voices of several other people. My wife took the ear and eye patches off and 
all I could see was her standing in front of me. She sat down in the recliner 
in front of me and told me to put on a good show. I felt the first lash land 
across my ass harder than she had ever done it and let out a muffled scream as 
they continued for at least 10 minutes. My ass was on fire and I was finding 
out the hard way how much pain I could take. My wife took the small riding crop 
and handed to the couple behind me and told them I needed this tested out also. 
This proved to be the absolute worst beating my ass has had ever but I somehow 
maintained a constant erection throughout the entire session. When it was over 
I felt some cool cream being applied to my ass. The hands rubbed it all over 
and between the crack until I felt a finger being inserted into my ass. My wife 
leaned back in the recliner and told me to be a good little slut and don't 
fight the ass fucking I was going to get. She said the guy had a cock that was 
as big or bigger than the largest toy strap on that we had and he loved to fuck 
submissive guys. At that I felt the first push and my asshole puckered and let 
the monster in. He did not waste time getting it in as he told my wife the 
first few strokes are his favorite because the guy usually is not ready for 
such a large object. I was being all out fucked to the hilt on the first stroke 
and had no say how hard or deep this guy went. As a matter of fact I started 
feeling like a real slut and started pushing back on his down strokes. This 
lasted about 15 minutes until my wife stood up and put the eye patches back on 
and unhooked me from the ceiling. I fell to my knees only for a second while my 
wife removed the penis gag and told me to finish my ass fucker off with my 
mouth. I tasted a cock that was just pulled from my ass being shoved deep into 
my mouth. This guy also liked to go deep in my mouth as he had done in my ass. 
I tried to suck him but he had other ideas. I gagged a few times as he hit the 
back of my throat but he kept pushing deep telling me to stop the gagging and 
starting swallowing. I overcame the gagging urge and took him down my throat 
until I felt his balls slapping my chin and his pubic hairs on my lips. He 
pumped my throat for a few minutes until I felt him start to throb. He pushed 
my head back and told me to stick out my tongue. I felt the first squirt land 
on the back of my throat and the next 5 land on my tongue. He finished off by 
having me lick the tip clean and thanking him which I did. My jaw ached, my 
asshole ached and my ass was still on fire as I heard my wife thank the couple. 
She told me that I may need more and she would call or they could call if they 
wanted to use me again. She released me and told me to shower and meet her in 
the bedroom. I thanked her for the great time and she looked at me and told me 
to get used to it because she was going to invite the other couple over again 
next week. Then she told me to get my tongue on her pussy and give her the 
licking she deserved.
