Principal Substitute

The moment I woke up, I knew this day was going to be different.  The Sun
was shining brightly, and the air was clear, not a cloud in the sky.  Such
weather is rare for February in northern Oregon.  After breakfast and
chores I grabbed my books and walked to school.

Our small town had just one school consisting of four classrooms.  Each
class had three grades 1-3, 4-6, 7-9, and 10-12.  I am in the ninth grade.
 As I entered the classroom, I became more certain than ever that today
was going to be different.  In place of Mr. Rose, our regular teacher, was
a substitute teacher, a female substitute teacher!  What could the
principal be thinking?  It was all that Mr. Rose could do to keep the 30
students in our class in line, and that only with frequent use of the
birch rod hung ceremoniously in the front of the room.  Actually, I am
exagerating a little.  The rod was used sparingly, only after class or at
lunch, and only on the worst offenders.  I had never suffered this fate
myself.

Our substitute Mrs. Walker almost immediately lost control of the class. 
Every time she turned her back, a dozen spitballs filled the air.  Notes
were freely passed around, many featured an unflattering likeness of our
temporary teacher.  Mrs. Walker, visably upset, tried to regain control by
alternatively threatening us and begging us to be good, but to no avail. 
When a rather juicy spitball careened off the back of her head, and then
the class roared with laughter, Mrs. Walker quickly left the room.  I
couldn't believe what was happening.  We actually drove our teacher out! 
Mass chaos ensued.  Before it was over, many desks and their inkwells were
spilled.  Nothing remained on the walls.  Every student was covered with
chalkdust or ink, or both.  And the peals of laughter and screaming were
ear-shattering.

And then, all at once there was silence as Mrs. Walker reentered the room
with the principal.  "Who is responsible for this?", boomed Mr. Spencer,
who at 6'4" was an imposing figure.  Silence.  Desks were quickly righted,
and everyone sat down, trying to look angelic.  "I want everyone who
participated in this (pause) riot to immediately stand up", said the
principal.  For a moment, no one moved.  Then my best friend Jimmy stood
up, followed by William, and John.  I felt my legs moving.  I was joined
by three other boys.  After another long pause, I looked around and saw
the entire 9th grade class of boys and 3 8th graders standing, and no
girls!  Typical.  When I stood up, I assumed that the entire class was
going to admit guilt, thereby saving all of us from a beating.  My heart
sank as I looked around, I only hoped he wouldn't use his whip.

Mrs. Walker and the principal exchanged a brief whispered conversation as
I continued to stand, my legs growing weak.  "Mrs. Walker tells me that
more of you than those now standing participated in this melee.  Does
anyone else want to stand?".  No one else stood.  I would have sat down
myself if it were possible!  "OK", said the principal.  "I want to
congratulate those standing for your courage, and for admitting your
guilt.  Your punishment will be 5 demerits each".  I heaved a great sigh
of relief as Mr. Spencer continued.  "As for the rest of you, I know that
all of you contributed to this mess, and I am very disappointed that you
don't have the guts to admit your guilt, and since I can't very well spank
all of you, I have decided to spank the 9th grade girls class for your
acts".  Everyone gasped at this last statement.  Julia, Nancy, and
Jennifer, the '9th grade girls class' had a look of total shock on their
faces.  Julia started to cry.  "The rest of you, other than those
standing, will each get 15 demerits, and you will have to clean up this
mess.  Also, you will have to witness these girls being punished (pause)
for you."

"Julia, come up here", said the principal.  The girls were going to be
spanked in front of us!  Incredible!  This day was definitely going to be
different.  Julia cried harder as the principal put her in position. 
"Bend over this desk and lift your skirt".  The rod was removed from the
wall.  Julia cried out as the principal practiced swishing the rod.  The
shape of Julia's pretty bottom was plainly visible as the act of bending
over pulled her bloomers tight.   "Swwiiiissshhh, CRACK", the rod struck
Julia in the middle of her bottom with terrible force.  Julia screamed in
pain as we watched in horrified excitement.  "Swwiiiissshhh, CRACK", the
rod struck again.  Nancy and Jennifer were crying almost as hard as Julia,
knowing their turn was next. "Swwiiissshhh, CRACK"  "Swwiiissshhh, CRACK" 
"Swwiissshhh, CRACK", the last blow landed.  Julia screamed after each
stroke and was crying hysterically after five.  She slowly walked back to
her desk, and gingerly sat down, her shame complete.

"Nancy, you are next".  Nancy slowly walked up to the desk, and without
being told, bent over and raised her skirt.  I was stunned by this entire
scene.  Nancy, of all the students in the class, was least guilty of
participating in the uprising.  In fact, she had tried to stop it, without
success.  "Please don't whip me, I didn't do anything wrong", pleaded
Nancy to no avail..  I really felt for her at this moment, softly crying
and innocent with her cute bottom awaiting the terrible punishment.  The
principal brought the rod up and strided into Nancy.  "Swwissshhh, CRACK",
went the rod, the end biting poor Nancy's behind.  Nancy screamed. 
"CRACK" "CRACK" "CRACK" "CRACK"  Nancy tried to get up from the desk, her
punishment complete, but our principal pushed her back down.  "For again
denying guilt, you get an extra stroke Nancy", and with this, he pulled
her underwear down, revealing the most beautiful girl's bottom I had ever
seen (It was also the *only* girl's bottom I had ever seen!).  I felt my
penis grow instantly rigid.  Nancy's bottom was already well whipped, her
flesh marred by 5 perfect weals across both buttocks.  Blisters occupied
the ends of these weals.  In my life, I am not sure I had ever been
whipped so severely.  Nancy was in total shock as my principal again
raised the rod and brought it down incredibly hard.  "CRACK".  Nancy
screamed and a fresh weal instantly appeared and darkened before our eyes.
 The girl was in so much pain that she had to be helped off the desk. 
Still shaken, and crying hard, she slowly raised her underwear and
stumbled back to her desk, oblivious of the incredible view she was giving
us of her lovely body.

Jennifer's whipping would have been anticlimactic after this scene, had
she not been the prettiest girl in school.  I had secretly loved her for
years, and now my love was to be publicly flogged!  However, my hardness
scarcely diminished.  Her bottom, her beautiful, round, lovely bottom was
now perfectly outlined by her tight bloomers.  How I wish this view could
have lasted forever.  "Swwwiiiissshhh, CRACK", and Jennifer, my love,
howled.  "CRACK"  "CRACK" , her legs bicycled as the rod whipped her
bottom.  "CRACK", and Jennifer was screaming and crying pitiously.  The
principal, knowing this was the last stroke of the "class" punishment
backed up a half step to increase his stride toward Jennifer.  He wound
up, strided forward and lashed furiously at Jennifer's barely protected
bottom.  "Swwwwiiiiiiisssssshhhhhhh CRRRACK".  Jennifer's body went rigid
and then limp over the desk as she let out an excruciating scream, that
may still ring in that classroom.  She slowly got up and walked back to
her desk, her face wet with tears.  The other students quickly began
repairing our classroom before our principal changed his mind about
spanking everyone.  This day certainly turned out to be different.
