                             SUBWAY

     I ride the subway each workday from Queens to Manhattan. It
usually gets very crowded in the morning, with too many people
jamming into the subway cars. It isn't unusual for someone to
brush up against my breasts or ass. Most of the time, I have to
believe its intentional. Sometimes they linger, sometimes they
squeeze, sometimes they rub. There is no point getting angry. To
be honest, I find it exciting, a complete stranger touching me in
public. Since my boyfriend broke-up with me a couple of weeks
ago, I've had fantasies of feeling up some guy, taking him home,
and fucking his brains out. I knew I'd never have the nerve to do
it. Still, a 25 year old secretary like me needs her fill of sex.

     At the token booth that morning, a worker was handing out a
flyer. It said that due to some emergency work, there would
likely be delays today in the tunnel. It was possible that the
train might be stopped for a half an hour, maybe more. Sorry for
the inconvenience, blah, blah, blah.... I almost turned around
and went home. Who needs the aggravation I thought. Then, I
remembered I didn't have any sick time or vacation due. I decided
I had to go in.

     Reluctantly I paid my fare and went down to the platform to
wait for the train. It was autumn and I was dressed for the mild
weather. I wore a button down sweater top, and a skirt that
stopped just above my knees. My boyfriend of up until recently
had a thing for women's underwear, so I usually wore a sexy bra,
skimpy panties that ties at my hips, stockings and a garter belt.
He hated pantyhose. After we broke up, I still wore these frilly
things. Made me feel very feminine.

     On the platform, I waited for the train. The platform was
only a little more crowded than usual, maybe the flyer exag-
gerated I hoped. The train arrived fairly quickly. It was crowd-
ed, but I had seen worse. I stay on the train for fifteen stops.
It usually takes me about 45 minutes. The doors closed and I
hoped for the best. I grabbed onto a pole, took out my book and
began to read.

     For the first three or four stops, the train moved at normal
speed. Unfortunately, it got jammed packed. The people around me
had their backs to me, I was in a little shelter formed by their
bodies. The train slowed down and crawled along between stations,
stopping intermittently. It was during one of these short stops
that I felt a hand resting lightly on my ass. Fingers were gently
pressing against the skirt covering my ass. I knew I should do
something to stop him, but I figured it was harmless, and after
not having sex for over two weeks, I was horny.

      The palm of his hand pressed slightly harder against my
ass. I pushed my ass back a little into his hand, signally my
awareness of and consent to his actions. At that point,the train
again started to move slowly and my molester squeezed my ass
cheek firmly. He began to move his hand over my skirt covered ass
knowingly. I felt him outline the edge of my panties and the
straps of my garter belt. My cunt began to get hot and moist.

     His hand drifted lower as the train pulled into a station.
He followed my garter strap down to the tops of my stockings. His
hand squeezed my leg. The train was so packed that nobody new got
on. As the train left the station, I felt the back of my skirt
rising as he lifted it up. I wondered how far he thought he could
go feeling me up on a crowded subway train with people all around
us. I felt the cream dripping from my cunt into my panties as his
hand reached under my lifted skirt and touched my stocking
covered leg. His actions became more urgent. I had long since put
my book away and was concentrating on his hand. It rose to the
top of my stockings, his fingers pressing into my bare skin just
below my ass. The train came to a stop again as his hand was back
on my ass, this time under my skirt resting firmly on my panties.

     While his one hand roamed freely over my panty covered ass,
rubbing, squeezing and probing,his other hand reached for my free
hand near him and took it to his crotch. He pressed my hand into
his cock. It was hard under his pants. He moved my hand up and
down over his prick. When he let go, I continued rubbing his
prick on my own. His other hand pulled my panties down slightly,
and his fingers were under my panties. On a crowded subway train,
some guy a didn't know was inside my panties with his hand on my
ass while I gave him a handjob. I came with a shutter.

     As he squeezed my ass flesh, his other hand slipped under my
sweater in the front and explored my belly button and my stomach
and it made its way upward towards my breasts. The train began to
move again as his one hand dipped into the crack of my ass and
fingered my asshole while his other hand cupped my right tit. He
played with my nipple through my bra, making it hard and erect.

     As he got bolder, so did I. I moved my hand from his prick
and located his fly. I pulled his zipper down and put my hand
inside his pants. He wasn't wearing any underwear. I found his
cock and ran my fingers and nails teasingly along his bare cock
flesh. By this time, his one hand had pushed my bra cups aside
and he had a finger well up my asshole.

     I took his cock out of his pants. I surveyed its length with
my hand. I figured it to be about 8 inches. It was so thick I
could barely get my hand fully around it. As the train crawled
along, his hand left my breasts and dropped to the front of my
skirt. He hiked my skirt up and ran his fingers along my inner
thighs. My cum flowed from my pussy as he rested his hand on the
front of my panties and rubbed my cunt slit. He moved to the top
of my panties and dipped his hand inside. His fingers moved
through my pubic hair as they searched knowingly for my cunt
hole. I continued to jerk my subway lover off as he placed his
finger inside my cunt. I was being finger fucked from both sides,
my cunt and my ass.

     He pulled his finger out of my ass hole and ran his hand
inside of my panties around my hips.  He located  one of the bows
that held my panties to my body. As he continued to finger my
cunt, he untied the bow, then moved to my other hip and untied
the second bow. He slid my panties off, removing them from under
my skirt. The hand in my cunt was now totally free. His slow
finger fucking became more rapid. I had my third orgasm of my
morning commute. He brought his other hand to my back and slipped
it under my sweater. He moved it up to my bra strap and undid my
bra. This stranger was undressing me on a crowded subway car with
people all around us, and I was more than letting him, I was
giving him a hand job. He moved his hand from my back, around me,
and again fondled my bare breasts.

    The train entered another station. As we explored each others
bodies, the train sat for several minutes before slowly leaving
the station. Just outside the station, the conductor announced
over the loudspeaker. "Ladies and Gentlemen, the area of the
emergency track work is just ahead. We have been informed that
the workers just started to remove a piece of bad track. It will
take a half an hour to 45 minutes. Had we known this before we
left the station, we would have stayed there. The train is too
crowded for the motorman to get to the back of the train to bring
it back to the station, so we'll have to stay here. We're sorry
for this inconvenience but ask your understanding of this emer-
gency situation."

     Others groaned and cursed. My molester took his hands from
my cunt and tits and moved them to my hips. He turned me to face
him. Until this time I had not seen the person who was feeling me
up. He was a Puerto Rican, maybe 15 years old, and little shorter
than me. My panties were in his shirt pocket. I couldn't believe
that a nice Jewish girl like me was about to let a P.R. fuck me,
but I knew that's what he wanted, and I wanted it to. This little
spic had me so hot I would do anything for him.

    He bunched my skirt up at my hips and pressed his cock
against my cunt. His hands moved to my ass cheeks. I guided his
cock over my pussy, and slipped his hard, dark skinned prick into
my cunt hole. I had an orgasm as he pushed deep into my pussy.
His hands on my ass guided my fucking motion up and down his
cock. He briefly moved his hand from my ass and took my panties
from his pocket and put them in his mouth. He sucked my cum from
my panties as he fucked me. As my Puerto Rican subway lover
thrust in and out of my hungary cunt, he unbuttoned the top of my
sweater and exposed my erect nipples. He took my panties from his
mouth and put them back in his shirt pocket. He lowered his head
to my breasts and sucked a nipple into his mouth. I came again.
He ran his tongue over my nipple, then lightly chewed and sucked
at it. All the while he fucked me and squeezed my bare ass. I
felt his thrusts become more urgent and knew he would come soon.
I flexed my cunt muscles around his prick desperately trying to
milk his cum from his long, hard cock. He grabbed my ass cheeks
hard and pushed into me as far as his prick could go. I felt his
cock pulsate as he filled my white Jewish pussy with Puerto Rican
cum. Seconds later I came once more.

     After he pulled out of me, he wiped his cum and my cunt
juices from his cock onto my panties. He then put my panties to
my cunt and soaked as much of his cum and my cunt juices into
them as he could. He brought my panties to my face and I accepted
them into my mouth. I sucked his cum from my panties. The conduc-
tor got on the loudspeaker and said it would be about another 20
minutes before the train moved. As I sucked on my panties, the
Puerto Rican was fingering my cunt and lubricating my ass hole
with my pussy juices. When my asshole was wet enough he finger
fucked it while he continued to play with my cunt.
 
     His hands moved to my hips and he turned me around, my back
to him. This Puerto Rican kid wanted to fuck me in the ass on
this subway train. I'd never been fucked in the ass before, but I
was overcome with sexual need and as he spread my ass cheeks I
reached for his prick and guided  his cockhead to my asshole. I
sucked harder on my panties as he pulled my hips back and slid
his prick into my virgin ass. He slowly worked his cock up my
asshole. At first, it hurt as his large prick filled my tight
rear hole. I began to move my ass along his prick on my own. His
hands left my hips, one returned to my exposed breasts, the other
again lifted the front of my skirt and fingered my cunt. As his
finger touched my clit, I came in his hand.     

     The Puerto Rican kid fucked my ass and fingered my cunt and
tits for several minutes. The his hands returned to my hips and
he moved me hard along his ass fucking prick. I felt him tense
and seconds latter, his cum was spurting into my asshole. He held
me close as he shot his second load of the morning. He did not
pull out of my asshole. Instead, he rocked slowly back and forth
and played with my breasts with both of his hands. One hand moved
to my face and he took my panties from my mouth.

     "Ladies and Gentlemen," The conductor announced over the
loudspeaker, "we have just been informed that in order to com-
plete repairs, they must shut the power in the third rail off.
This means the train cars will go dark. They expect this will
last 10 to 15 minutes. Please remain calm, there is no danger."

     A minute latter, the lights in the train went out. The
Puerto Rican was still in my ass. He pulled his cock out and, his
hands on my hips again, turned me around to face him. In the dark
I couldn't see him.  I felt his lips touch mine as he kissed my
opened mouth. His tongue passed my lips as it found mine. He
kissed me passionately for a minute or so, then, he moved his
hands from my hips to my shoulders and pushed down firmly. I came
again as I realized he wanted me to blow him. My mind was in a
daze as I slowly dropped to my knees. I felt his cock along my
cheek. I moved my mouth to it and took his semi-erect prick
between my lips. I ran my tongue over his cockhead as I sucked
more of his prick into my mouth. I tasted the remains of his cum
as well as the flavor of my asshole. His prick stiffen under the
workings of my mouth and lips. I was able to take the entire
shaft down my throat I moved my head back and forth along his
hard cock. I heard him unsnap a fastener, then felt his pants
dropping against my cheek. I reached up and touched his balls. He
took my head in his hands and guided my cocksucking movements. I
continued to suck his cock from head to root. I flicked my tongue
all along his shaft. I next time my lips were at his cockhead, I
moved my mouth to the underside of his prick and licked down to
the root. When I got there I sucked one of his balls into my
mouth. I worked on his balls for a short time. I felt him move.
He turned around and his ass was in my face. At this point, I
would do anything. I spread his ass cheeks and searched for his
ass hole with my tongue. When I found it, I licked, kissed and
sucked at his tight asshole. I made my tongue as rigid as pos-
sible and probed as far into his asshole with it as I could. The
thought of kissing some Puerto Rican's ass was enough to make me
come again.

     As I sucked his asshole I encircled his cock with my hand
and jerked him off. When he had had enough of my ass sucking, he
turned once more and my lips returned to his cock. This time. he
held my head steady and fucked into my mouth. His cock pistoned
in and out of my mouth rapidly. I used my tongue on his shaft as
best I could. He suddenly buried my face in his pubic hair, his
cock down my throat and shot his load of warm sticky cum into my
mouth. I licked up every drop I could.

     He held my head and kept his cock in my mouth. I felt his
prick go limp between my lips. He wouldn't let me get up. I was
afraid the lights would come on and someone might turn around and
see me on my knees, my sweater and bra opened, my breasts exposed
and a Puerto Rican cock in my mouth. Still he held me there.
Suddenly, I felt liquid flowing from his limp prick . He was
pissing in my mouth. I tried to yell stop but his cock filled my
mouth and muffled my protest. I had no choice but to try and
swallow as much of his piss as I could. 

     As his piss filled my mouth he began to withdraw his cock. I
couldn't swallow fast enough and piss overflowed my mouth onto my
chin and down my neck. Still pissing, he pulled out of my mouth
and aimed his cock at my head. His pissed all over my face and my
hair. The piss flow then moved down to my neck and chest. I don't
know why, but I knelt in front of him obediently as he pissed on
me. My only movement was to lift my breasts so they would get
completely covered with his warm piss. He gave me my panties to
hold open so he could piss on them also. When he was finished, I
moved my tongue to his cockhead and licked it clean.

     With his hands, he motioned me to stand up. When I did, he
lifted my skirt with one hand and took my panties in the other.
By some actions he did, I knew he wanted me to put my panties,
now soaked with his urine, back on. I re-tied the bows and
slipped my panties on. His piss seeped into my cunt. I re-hooked
my bra and buttoned my sweater as he let go of my skirt. I heard
some cursing noises and people yelling `where are you going' and
`what's that smell'. The lights came on a little while later. My
Puerto Rican lover was gone. There was piss on my face and
clothes. The train started to move. As it was now past the bad
section of track it travelled at normal speed. People kept
commenting on the smell. Fortunately, their backs were to me and
they didn't realize it was me. At the next stop, I got off the 
train. I couldn't go to work looking the way I did. I got the
first train back to Queens. As I was going against rush hour now,
it was almost empty and I got a seat. As I sat thinking of what
happened the last hour, someone sat down next to me. It was my
Puerto Rican....
