			Succubus

She comes at night, when silence creeps in through the floor and shadows
wander idly across the window-shade. She looks in at me from a distant reality,
peering through my eyes, carefully observing my mind, until I drop from this
world into her dreamscape. and when it is safe, she appears.

At first, I notice a mist in the air, then a taste of bittersweet music on
my lips. I feel a shiver down my legs, then a tingle, wandering about under
the covers and then the room is overwhelmed by her presence and everything
is soft and comforting and very warm. A serpentine fog wraps around me,
tightening as it thickens, until I feel her arms holding me against her, warm
and welcoming. A great majestic halo coalesces about her head, then falls to
her chest, the longest, silkiest hair imaginable. Her dark red locks,
carelessly forgetting that the air is still, shimmer in the moonlight as if a
phantom wind were delicately stroking them. They brush against my cheek, fall
blissfully against my shoulders, and then impossibly they seem to reach
around my neck and shoulders to pull me closer.

Her lips touch mine, timidly, almost apologetically, and her mouth opens
slightly. and suddenly I am dizzy with the taste of desire on my tongue as
it meets hers. Her hands press against my back; then they close around my
shoulders lovingly, as if they have found their mates. She draws her toes
against my ankle, up the back of my calf, then back down and across the sole of
my foot. Her hand wanders around my waist to my belly; then one finger slowly
encircles my navel, and moves inside, rubbing the center lightly. She kisses my
cheek, then my temple, and her tongue dances about in delicate patterns, as if
exploring. She runs her tongue over my ear, licking the tips and corners; her
tongue retreats momentarily into her mouth and re-emerges, warm and wet and
electric. When she reaches the lobe, she takes it into her mouth and closes her
lips against it, sucking contentedly.

She continues down my jaw and stops at my throat to give the Adam's apple a
friendly nibble. Finally she reaches my chest, and covers the entire area,
lubricating it with her lips and tongue, teasing my nipples, following my ribs,
tickling my waist, always becoming more excited, until she can no longer
contain her passion. She wraps her hands around my thighs, squeezing them,
kneading them, gripping them as if this anchor prevents her from drifting away.
She pushes me up against my pillow so that I cannot lay my head down, and when
she is certain that I can see her, she slowly runs her tongue across her lips,
smiling. She watches as I swallow heavily; my mouth opens and I cannot control
my breathing. My head reclines stiffly against the pillow, still almost
upright, and I watch her wrap her arms around my thighs. Her hands clutch my
buttocks, and as I swell and pulse before her eyes, she takes me into her
mouth, slowly. she continues to tease me, taking it inch by inch, making
seconds seem like hours, and I lose control of my voice and begin to moan
softly.

Finally, I am inside her mouth, and she starts. very slowly, pulling me
almost completely out, then back in, speeding up, finding a rhythm. Her tongue
darts about inside her mouth, surrounding me, treating every inch as if it were
the only part that mattered. My moan becomes a yell, and she sits up and pushes
me into her, her mouth now free to kiss mine.

As soon as I am in her, I burst; the fluid splashes out against her back
wall, and she screams with delight. She rocks slowly back and forth as I come
into her, for the better part of a minute. then, as I begin to relax, she
rises and falls with the same rhythm as before. She moves into a pistonlike
dance, bucking and writhing; then, as my voice rises again in pitch and volume,
she bounces against me, quickly and forcefully, until our voices fill the air
with orgasmic screams and she collapses limply onto me.

But I am not limp I clutch her shoulders and flip her over, landing on
her, and as her eyes widen with surprise I rock back and forth, slowly,
imitating her graceful motions, and when I am too full of passion to hold back
any longer I begin pounding swiftly into her soft, warm, wet, beautiful body.
She climaxes with an ear-shattering yell, bringing a rush of pleasure to my
head and arms, and I speed up, feeling more and more energy build up in my
pelvis as the seconds tick away and I come again, with so much force that I
have to wrap my arms around her to prevent my thrashing body from falling out
of her.

She holds me, and I begin rocking again, faster this time, harder, rushing
with lightning speed to my climax as she reaches hers. We scream together.
we hold each other tightly. we relax into each other's arms. and still we
are coming. I lie on top of her with closed eyes, breathing deeply, feeling
nothing but my hot wet shot as it bursts, again and again, into that beautiful
well of energy and passion.

My heart pounds violently against my chest, trying to escape. My lips brush
against hers, carelessly, and her tongue emerges and travels the length of my
mouth. We kiss. and suddenly my energy returns, and I cover her inch by inch
with my tongue, finding every muscle, every bone, every single nerve in her
skin. I take her breast into my mouth and my head is filled with the wonderful
taste. I move my tongue around the nipple ecstatically, unable to concentrate
on my actions, and I close my lips on the breast. My vision is reeling; I close
my eyes and think only of this moment, these actions, this real-life fantasy
before my eyes, living, breathing, filling me with excitement, commanding my
mind with limitless emotion.

She brings a leg up and folds it over my shoulder. The scent of her desire
fills the room, and I move slowly down and tuck my head between her welcoming
thighs. I lick her slowly, savoring the taste with a euphoric headrush, and she
gasps audibly. I trace tiny circles around her clitoris with my tongue; then I
begin tasting it. The muscles ripple in response. She moans, and wraps her
calves around my neck.

Slowly, I move the tongue up and down, back and forth then in and out.
My lips close around her, and the ceaseless flow of sweet emotions continues
onto my tongue and down my throat, filling my body with the taste of passion.
She becomes louder, and I bring a hand around to her clitoris and begin
caressing it slowly. As the tongue speeds up, I press my thumb against her
clitoris and push it back and forth. I extend my tongue as far as possible,
draw my lips over my teeth, and move my head against her pelvis, quickly and
forcefully. My remaining hand, resting blissfully on her inner thigh, starts
stroking the muscles in every direction.

Her entire body is pulsing; her juices are pouring out into my mouth and
down my chin; her voice is louder than ever before. With a spasm, she screams.
and suddenly my mouth is filled with her satisfaction. I continue pushing
my tongue into her, pressing her clitoris against the bone, kneading her thigh,
moving my lips against her, and she continues to come into my mouth, minute
after minute, until she is drained of the fluid. and still she comes!

I move my tongue to her clitoris, and push down; I lick and kiss, firmly
and carefully, and she reaches her true climax she bolts upright, gasping
voicelessly, clutching the bedsheets, pulling me closer with her calves.
then she releases my neck, puts her feet down, falls back, and arches her body
until her hips are six inches above the bed. I hold her buttocks, push my
tongue deep inside her, and roll it around. Finally she screams, and her
muscles tense; I feel a pulsing against my tongue, and she falls back,
motionless.

I move up, and put my arms around her. She hugs me softly. As her arms
relax, she drifts into a deep sleep, still holding me. I close my eyes, and let
the darkness take me. As my consciousness peels away, I feel her body slowly
evaporating into its original formlessness. I smile; and as I fall asleep, I
remind myself that she will return tomorrow.

Perhaps.
