(c) Copyright 1997 Eros.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.



                          SUCKING UP TO DADDY
                              (by EROS)

       "I can't appoint you Sales Manager, Sarah. What you know about
    business wouldn't fit on the head of a pin!"

       That was my father talking. He has always had a tendency to
    grossly underestimate my talents, perhaps because I'm a woman
    instead of the son he really wanted. I had an MBA, but it might as
    well have stood for Master of the Bullshit Arts for all the respect
    it won me from him.

       "Now, Dad," I said. "You know that sales have increased 75%
    since I came on board."

       "That's just the upturn in the economy," he grumbled.

       "What upturn in the economy?" I inquired sweetly. But I already
    knew that it wouldn't do any good to appeal to reason. Not with
    Daddy. Most of his brains are located... well, lets just say a
    little farther to the south than you'd normally expect to find them.

       As he groused and grumbled about women fucking up the family
    business, I came around his desk and knelt in front of him. I
    suppose he must have been accustomed to a certain amount of
    grovelling from his other employees, because he didn't act as if he
    thought that was strange... at least not until I reached up and
    started unzipping his fly.

       "What the hell are you doing now, Sarah?" he roared.

       "The girls in the office have told me that there's only one way
    to get a promotion in this firm," I said. "You wouldn't want to
    deny me an equal chance to get ahead, would you, Daddy?"

       The small pun was fully intended. I must admit that i'd become
    quite curious about the cock that several girls had described to me
    as huge.

       Well, they hadn't exaggerated. I smacked my lips and drooled to
    wet the purple plumpness of my father's vastly oversized fuck tool.

       "Whoa! You sure pack quite a magic wand, Dad," I said. "I'm not
    sure I'll be able to swallow the whole thing. But you can rest
    assured that I'll give the problem my best effort"

       "Sarah!", he gasped, staring down at me with a look of utter
    surprise on his face.

       The fatherly part of him firmly wished to forbid me to do what I
    about to do.... the male part just as firmly burned for the dripping
    warmth of my eager tongue. I didn't try to argue with him. Instead I
    swished my tongue lovingly around my Daddy's humongous fuckstick
    while he wrestled with his conscience.

       I wasn't too concerned about the outcome. Like any good
    businessman, Dad would let immediate results override a guilty
    conscience any day of the corporate week.

       Sure enough, he abruptly slumped back into his padded leather
    chair and let me have a go at it. I sucked and slurped, thoroughly
    enjoying the flavor. Thick strings of my own saliva dribbled from
    my mouth, but I didn't try to wipe them away. I knew from my
    extensive cocksucking experience with my college professors that
    older men really get excited by such evidence of a woman's pleasure.

       As I grew more aroused by the taste and feel of my father's
    cock, I slipped a hand underneath my skirt to fondle my pussy.
    Small, curly hairs poked out of the legband of my silky underpants,
    hairs which invited me to pull them softly to increase my personal
    stimulation. When my twat was tingling pleasantly, I then slipped my
    fingers into the waistband so that I could actively fuck a few of
    them while I continued to suck my father.

       "Sarah! Oh, baby, Sarah," he was whispering. His hands came
    forward to grab the sides of my head.

         Was he afraid that I would spit him out? I come from the
    generation that thrives on the taste of a man's spunk! My throat
    fluttered open when I felt his balls shift against my chin.

        Then he was shooting. I swallowed and swallowed, choking down
    his jism as avidly as I could. It wasn't enough to enjoy his flavor.
    I also had to show him how much I enjoyed it. The whole time I
    gulped and gobbled, I rotated my fingers inside my quivering pussy.
    Suddenly, I went rigid: And then I popped. A small scream escaped
    around the sides of the retreating cock in my mouth as I yielded to
    the tremors of my own orgasm.

       I was appointed Sales Manager the very next day.

       Since then, I have used some rather unusual (and some might say
    unethical) techniques to secure my place in the family business.
    it's quite common for me to "motivate" an employee who's fucked-up
    by bringing him or her into my father's office to spank some bare
    butt while my father looks on. If it's a woman, I press my pussy
    against her face to make her lick me out. If it's a man, I make him
    watch me blow my father's dick and then tell him that's what he
    could have gotten instead of a spanking if he'd done a better job.

       As a result, employee morale is up in the stratosphere, with
    everybody striving to out-perform everybody else for their chance to
    fuck and suck our kinky family.

       And, of course, I continue to suck my Daddy's dick in private on
    a thoroughly regular basis. I wouldn't want to lose the basic
    talents that got me so far in this business in the first place. Nor
    would I want to forget what it feels like to be one of the kneeling
    employees squirming on the floor with Daddy's cock in her mouth.

                                The End.

     --


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....