(c) Copyright 1997 Eros.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.



                        LITTLE SUCKING SISTERS
                              (By EROS)

       With the economy the way it its you probably won't be too shocked
    to learn that at 21, I am still living at home with my two two
    younger sisters. Mom and Dad's old place is really too small for
    five people, but my sisters Melanie, 14, and and Tammy, 16, didn't
    complain too much about sharing their room. I found out why last
    week.

       Mom and Dad were at the movies. I'd had a date, but she phoned
    and called it off at the last minute. If Melanie and Tammy had known
    I'd be home so early, they probably would have closed their bedroom
    door. As it was, however, I had a good view of their nude, sweaty
    bodies tangled up in a lesbian sixty-nine when I went down the hall.

       I watched as Melanie little lifted her sticky face from Tammy's
    twat. She actually licked her nasty pink lips in front of her own
    brother before thinking of something to say. "Well, don't just stand
    there. Climb in and get your share."

       "What?", I said incredulously. "I can't believe you said that
    Mel!  I'd tell Mom and Dad, except that it would kill them. I guess
    it's up to me to give you both a good spanking."

       At that, Tammy's juice-smeared face emerged from underneath
    Melanie's crotch.

       "Oooooooh, I'll be in that! I can never get Melanie to spank me
    as hard as I want." That's when I knew I was really in trouble. Now
    that their secret was out, my two little sisters wasted no time in
    yanking me into the bed and peeling off my clothes. To be honest, I
    wasn't really putting up much of a fight. In fact, I was actually
    lifting my arms and shifting my weight to help them strip me down.
    My cock was good and hard. Right or wrong, I couldn't deny that I'd
    been powerfully aroused by the sight of my sisters licking and
    sucking each other's hot naked little pussies.

       "So, are you going to spank me, big brother?" Tammy wriggled
    across my bare legs and lifted her firm young up ass a few inches.
    The invitation was too much to resist. While Melanie maneuvered her
    crotch under her her sister's face to feed her some more
    pussy-juice, I took aim at Tammy's tight little butt with my bare
    hand. A few swats were all it took to get her gorgeously creamy buns
    nice and red.

       "Fuck me up the ass, big brother," Tammy mumbled into Melanie's
    pussy. I could hardly understand what she was saying. When I did
    figure it out, I couldn't believe it! My 14-year-old little sister
    was actually asking me to fuck her in the ass!

       Every time I thought I knew these two, they soared to a new
    height of nasty! "She really likes getting a cock up her ass right
    after she's been spanked," Melanie confirmed with a shrug. "Me, I
    like to stick with the basics, lots and lots of tongue and cock."

       I slapped some spit on my dick and poked into Tammy's pink,
    tingling butt from behind while she continued to exercise her tongue
    on Melanie's juicy twat. I could hardly believe I was actually doing
    it, skewering my little sister's bunghole with my hard cock while
    she sucked out my other sister's honey-coated fur pie, but I was!
    There was no denying the hot, buttery grip of Tammy's tight little
    asshole on my rock-hard cock.

       In my experience, girls who cum from ass-fucking are few and far
    between. But my little sister didn't seem to know that. Her ass
    thrashed in wave after wave of sharp, twitchy contractions. I could
    feel the secret trembling in her deep anal muscles as she screamed
    into Melanie's cunt at her moment of climax.

       Seconds later, Melanie and I were also cumming, my cock filling
    Tammy's tight little asshole while Melanie's pussy fed Tammy's
    tongue. I pulled out of my sister's bunghole and went to the
    bathroom to clean myself off. When I came back they were still at
    it. This time Melanie was flat on her back with Tammy's head buried
    in her upthrust crotch. My cock was growing again at the lewd,
    incestuous sight of my sucking sisters.

       Tammy's ass was pointed right at me, so I moved up behind her and
    pulled her back towards the edge of the bed. She looked up from
    licking her sister's gooey cunthole and wiggled her butt at me.
    Smiling at me over her shoulder, she said, "Fuck me, big brother!
    Fuck my cunt and make me cum while I bring Mel off."

       I did just that. Humping and ramming my cock into her tight young
    cunt for a good ten minutes while she ate out her little sister. We
    all came together, groaning and panting in a tangled heap of naked,
    sweaty flesh.

       After we recovered, my sisters got me hard again by sucking my
    prick, first one at a time, then both together, one sucking my balls
    while the other swallowed my cock. I was in seventh heaven! Once I
    was hard again, Melanie wanted me to fuck her cunt, so I lay her
    back and quickly mounted her. Tammy crouched over her face and fed
    her little sister some hot, juicy pussy while I pounded my prick
    into Melanie, hard and fast. She was wet and hot and tight... real
    tight. Her cunt was almost as tight as her hot little asshole had
    been, and it wasn't long before I was cumming again.

       We spent the whole night, until our folks were due home, just
    sucking and fucking... in every possible combination. I lost count
    of the number of times I sucked or screwed each of them. But just
    watching my little sisters lapping at each other's cunts had me hard
    again in no time. They seemed insatiable, but finally exhaustion got
    the better of us all. We topped off the evening with a lazy daisy
    chain followed by a relaxing three-way grope in the shower. By the
    time Mom and Dad turned up we were fast asleep in our respective
    beds.

       Suffice to say that I didn't miss the girl who stood me up one
    little bit. In fact, with two ever-hot little numbers like Tam and
    Mel at home, I don't date much at all anymore!

                                The End.

 --


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....