
Susan.txt

Exposure to the sun is one of my real problems. The sun turns my hair
incredibly blond during the summer and any tan I do have is accentuated by
my hair. If I'm not careful I'll end up looking like a lobster with a white hat.
When I'm at the pool, I normally don't stay out long because of my tendency
to burn. What I'm looking for is just a hint of color and I hate bathing suit
marks. I usually wear very small bikinis and I move the strings around to
keep the line marks at a minimum. Sometimes I will go out on my balcony,
drape sheets over the railings and tan in the buff. I can't be seen from the
sides but I'm not so sure the guy above me hasn't figured a way to check me
out. He sure looks at me funny when we ride the elevator together.   

Susan is different. As she lays in the sun, her skin seems to get darker by the
hour.  Her black hair falls to her shoulders, and her eyes are a grey-black.
She's about 5'4" with an almost perfectly proportioned body. Her skin is
smooth. She appears soft but doesn't have an ounce of extra fat. Her breasts
are firm but not hard and they stand out from body while giving an
impression of delicate movement when she walks. In a word, she is beautiful.
  
She lives in the same condo as I do, in fact on same floor. We met at the  pool
while topping off our tans. At first we only talked. But soon we found we
had a lot in common. We like to read, take walks, camp in the parks, and
most of all we enjoy our own solitude and privacy. We both date, but we
limited that as we found we were not necessarily lonely when we were alone. 

As we talked, I found myself feeling close to her and wanting to be with her,
more than just at the pool. I began to look at her more closely. I gazed into
her eyes, and wondered if behind them, there were thoughts beginning to
surface, similar to my own. 

Recently, I have become more aware of a side of myself that at first was hard
to accept. But now I am beginning to open the door a little so that resistance
is turning to enjoyment and excitement. Being with Susan has accelerated my
acceptance. She has become my catalyst. 

One hot evening we were at the pool where we had gone for a quick dip.
Suddenly a storm began and lightening could bee seen in the distance. I asked
Susan if she would like to come to up my place and chat, maybe have a glass
of wine. She replied that would be wonderful and soon we were in my living
room, sitting on the living room floor in our bikinis, laughing and talking.
The door to the balcony was open. The storm had passed as suddenly as it had
come. The air was hot but with a gentle breeze. I'm around air conditioning
all the time and resist turning it on when I'm at home until the last resort.
Our bodies were slightly moist with perspiration. The lights were off and the
room was lit with just two candles. When I looked at her I could see the
flickering glow reflected in her eyes and the moisture on her skin. As she
talked I found some of Susan's words seem to be coming from a distant part
of my mind as I became more and more captured by her beauty. My mouth
became dry. My hand trembled slightly. 
  
As the night continued we shared more of our thoughts and feelings. But it
was Susan who talked the most. It was as though she had been waiting for a
moment, like this, to pour out her feelings. As she talked she slowly moved
closer to me and eventually we found ourselves leaning on each other. I was
frightened but finally placed my arm around her. She responded by placing
her head against my chest. I could feel her warm breathing on my breast.
"Oh Lena" she whispered, " I wanted to have some moments with you, like
this, for such a long time. You have become very special to me."

I couldn't answer. I was sure she could feel my heart. It seemed to be
pounding so hard it would break through my chest. I could feel the wetness
between my legs. I became aware of the my vagina and the awakening of
increased sensitivity in my clitoris. My nipples pressed against the cloth of my
baithing suit. These feelings frightened me, but I knew I would not stop.
Instead of resisting I opened myself to each new sensation. I welcomed the
sexual feelings I felt towards Susan. I closed my eyes and dreamed of
fulfilling physically what I was only thinking of for now.

After several minutes, her face still pressed against my breast, I heard her
voice again. It was soft and quiet. "Lena, I wish you would let me stay here
tonight. It has been wonderful sharing with you and I would be so lonely if
I had to spend the night by myself." 

Could she feel my tremble? I wanted her more than anything else to spend
the night. "I only have the one bed, Susan, and maybe just an old shirt for
you to wear. Would that be alright." 

"Sure," She replied, "anything is fine. I just don't want to be alone."

We moved to the bedroom and each took a shower. After I showered, I
slipped into my favorite t-shirt. When Susan returned from her shower
however, the shirt I had given her was in her hand and she stood there as
beautiful as I imagined she would be in her nakedness. She looked at me,
paused, and then without a word laid the shirt down, turned the light off, and
slipped into bed with me.

We lay quietly for several minutes and then she spoke again. "Lena, I feel
very close to you."

I could hardly make the words come out. "And I feel close to you Susan...very
close."

As soon as the words were spoken Susan turned to me, her hand moving to
my breast, her lips to mine. We found each others tongues as we probed
deeply into the other's mouth. Her lips were so soft, her hand so gentle; I
craved her touch, I wanted her to explore all of my body. I removed the t-
shirt and she removed my panties. 

Her lips found my nipples, first brushing the tip with her tongue, then taking
the entire nipple and areola in her mouth. My hand pressed her head forward
urging her to take more of my breast.  My other hand caressed her and moved
down to her back as she spread her legs to allow the lips of her pussy to move
forward, closer to me. I could feel her wetness against my skin.

As she held my breast in one hand and I sensed her delicate sucking, her
other hand began to move over my skin with a tenderness I had not
experienced before. Then her fingers began to move down my abdomen until
they found my mons, my clitoris, my pussy, my moist lips swollen with
passion. I had feared this moment. I did not know how she would react to my
shaved pussy. I wasn't sure how I would react. She paused, then as realization
came to her, she pressed her hand against me, her mouth moved back to mine
as she kissed me more deeply than ever, and then her finger...fingers entered
me. And as she entered me, as she kissed me, as she pressed her body against
me, I opened my legs inviting her to explore me even more deeply and hoping
she would understand I was giving myself wholly to her. There would be
nothing held back. 

Nothing was held back, by either of us. I kissed with a passion never given
to anyone else. My hands moved over her and her hands over me. The
darkness, the heat, our perspiration added to the moment. I could taste, smell,
and feel the sexuality between us. My lips sought and found her nipples. My
mouth opened as she pressed herself to me. Her kisses moved to my hands,
my fingers, my neck and then down my body. 

Her lips brushed my shaved mons. Her tongue caressed it, and then moved
to my clitoris. First sucking, then gently stroking the sides, she sensed what
I desired. As I opened to her, she turned, opening her legs, and offered
herself to me. I engulfed her. I buried my face in her. My lips were sucking
and kissing her clitoris, caressing its hood. My tongue tasting her love juices
as they poured from her. 

Slowly an ache, seldom felt, entered my pelvis. I began to feel a change in my
nipples. I could sense small movements of my clitoris and the lips of my pussy
with each new touch of her lips and tongue. And I could feel the movement
of her pussy as my tongue caressed her hood. Her breath became hot. Her
pelvis rocked with mine. We were encompassed by an veil of passion. Our
movements were almost a mirror image of each other as one knew what the
other yearned. I had never tasted such desire. The smell of her body
intensified the movement and the rising hunger within me. My pussy became
electrified as her tongue entered me. I exploded. A moan and then a scream
filled the room. Not one, but two screams as my tongue pressed between her
lips and entered as deep within her as it would go. We flooded each other.
Nothing could compare with the feel, the taste, the smell, the smoothness of
her sweet juices. Nothing I hoped but my own as I wanted them to be a gift,
an offering to her. My hand went to her pussy so that I could spread her
wetness over my body. She did the same with mine. And then we kissed and
held each other. Soft words were spoke, but those I can never share with
anyone else.

I lay back on the bed and Susan moved closer. Her head once again rested on
my breast. I wondered how I would feel in the morning; how Susan would
feel. What was happening to me?  How would this night change me? Then I
felt a gentle kiss on my breast. I turned slightly as the nipple and areola
entered her mouth and a soft sucking began. We both pulled each other closer
for one last embrace before sleep.

Good night. Sleep tight. 
Lena.