Archive-name: Violent/suebond2.txt
Archive-author: Jack
Archive-title: Sue's Bondage - 2


       Steve was late the next day. Sue was up and dressed in a white dress
almost totally covered in green flowers. She was waiting for the door to
open but hoped it would never would. Of course it did and in came a naked
Steve. "This way, babe" he smirked. "I want you to meet Rex". Again they made
their way to the bondage room. Steve tied her standing in the middle of two
posts and stepped back to admire the view. Sue stood there looking around
for any signs of hope. There was none and everything she saw made her more
scared. Steve picked up a steel pointer off a nearby table and walked behind
Sue. She tried to follow his movements but she could not turn her head anymore.
Steve slowly lifted the long dress and her slip (she remembered what happened
last time she did not wear one) until he revealed her silky white panties.
They clung snuggly to her perfectly shaped ass. "Sue, I have never seen a more
beautiful butt than yours. I really mean it. I couldn't have dreamed of a
better one. Isn't it lucky that we ran into each other!" Steve moved in closer,
reached under the silk by way of her thighs, and cupped a cheek in each palm.
As he did this, Sue tighten her firm globes in fear and disgust. Steve began
to gently massage her buttocks moving the thumb of each hand closer and closer
to her asshole. Eventually, they found their way in and went as far as they
could go. With every move, Sue was repulsed even more. Nobody had ever fingered
her hole and she hated the feeling. It was painful and humiliating. "Please
stop" she pleaded. "You're right Sue", he said. "I have been rude. Let me
introduce you to Rex." Steve went into an adjoining room and came back with
fairly large brown and black German Shepard. "I was going to the pound when I
spotted this guy trying to hump an old chair. I knew he was you're kind of dog!"
A look of terror crossed Sue's face. What had happened to her so far was bad,
but she never imagined this. Steve tied Rex to a table and went back over to
Sue. He took out his trusty switchblade and cut off the first eight buttons
that went down the front of her dress. The top opened to give Steve a look at
her tits trapped in white lace bra. Steve slipped the blade between her tits
and sliced her bra. Her breasts sprung out and hung free as Sue was leaning
forward a little. Steve immediately took a nipple in his mouth and flicked
his tongue over it. "You watching Rex?" Steve yelled. Sue's nipple started to
harden and Steve then started sucking hard. Sue let out a painful moan. As if
that was a signal, Steve then took the growing knob in his teeth and bit. Sue's
entire body jumped and she let out a yelp. Steve laughed and let it go. He then
used his knife to remove the rest of the buttons off the dress. Steve went to
her rear and with one hard yank, ripped the dress off from the back. He then cut
off the sheer slip Sue had on, leaving her in only her panties. Steve reached
between her legs and started to finger her pussy through the silk. "Damn Sue,
you and silk were made for each other" Steve remarked. He then got his index
finger under the crotch, stuck it in her snatch and quickly found her clit.
He stroked it twice and then removed his finger and licked it clean. As he
did that, he cut the panties off her and let them fall to the ground. He untied
her and dragged her over to a large, wooden half-circle sitting on it's flat
end. He threw Sue face down on the thing and cuffed her ankles to it. He then
grabbed her wrists and cuffed them to the other side of the semi-circle
oppisite her ankles. She was now secured face down on the rounded side of
what looked like a large wooden tractor tire cut in half. "First of all, we
need to get you started before I call Rex over. We want to make sure he has no
problems" Steve said. He picked up one of the many dildos on a nearby table and
sat dwon behind Sue. He then inserted it into her cunt. In and out, Steve worked
on Sue until she started to get wet. Steve took out the fake cock and cleaned
up all of the juice that leaked out of her pussy. He then set down the dildo,
and picked up 3 cooked hot dogs. He shoved one in Sue's asshole and the other
two into her snatch. He then picked up the dildo and her slashed panties and
walked over to Rex. He put the panties near the dogs nose and the dog sniffed
at them. Then her started licking them. Steve pulled the lingerie away and
replaced it with the wet dildo. Rex's tongue feverishly licked the dildo and
started to jump and get excited. "OK boy, go get her" Steve told the dog as
he let go of the leash. As the dog ran towards Sue, Steve made sure to keep a
hand on the chain Rex had attached to him just incase he needed to get him off
her. Rex got to Sue and started to smell her feet. Sue couldn't beleive this
was happening. She felt his cold nose make its way over her calves and to her
thighs. Rex sniffed the hot dogs in her snatch and took a big bite at them.
When he did this, his sharp teeth scraped the side of Sue's cheeks, causing her
to scream and tighten her entire body. When she did this, the weiner in her
chute squirted out and on to the floor. Within seconds, Rex had devoured the
meat and was looking for more. He stuck his nose in Sue's pussy and must have
like what he smelled because it was followed by his tongue. He licked her cunt
with as much vigor as a horny guy. Suddenly Rex's pleasures turned from food to
sex. Steve knew it eventually would since Rex was in heat. Rex partially climbed
the wooden wheel and put his front paws on Sue's shoulder blades. He then
tried to shove his long dong into her. He had some trouble finding the right
place. He had it between her ass cheeks, her thigh, and her back. Finally,
his pecker had found the magic spot. It slipped right in since it had been
dildo fucked and licked by the dog. Rex furiously fucked Sue's cunt digging
his claws into Sue's bleeding back. Rex was panting and dribbling spit all over
Sue's back. Rex kept jamming his cock deeper and deeper inside Sue. Suddenly,
Sue heard a high pitched whimper and felt Rex pull out of her. Steve had got him
off her. Sue had gotten Rex so excited, he was trying to fuck anything in sight.
Steve dragged him over to the front of Sue and calmly said "Suck him". A shocked
Sue yelled back a resounding "NO". Steve pulled Rex's paws and put them over
Sue's shoulders and onto her back. This put Rex's cock right in front of her
face. Sue kept her mouth shut but that didn't stop Rex from shoving his erection
in her nose, eyes, chin, everywhere on her face. "OK Sue, if thats how you want
it. I would think you would realize by now that I always get my way." He picked
up a leather belt and whipped Sue's ass with it. "Suck!". He looked and saw she
still wasn't so he lashed her again. He heard another scream but again saw her
resisting. Steve switched the belt in his hands putting the buckle on the end
that would reach her lovely butt. He pulled his arm back and let go his hardest
swat. Sue let out a shrill scream. The buckle tore into her fleshy rear and
started it bleeding. Steve looked up and saw a reluctant Sue open her mouth
letting Rex fuck her mouth. Crying and gagging with every thrust, Sue thought
the taste was the most revolting thing she had every had. Her stomach convulsed
causing her more pain. Meanwhile Steve made his way behind Sue and rammed his
thick, throbbing, organ into her asshole. Sue barely noticed her mind occupied
with the disgust of sucking a dog. Steve was ripping her hole harder and harder
wanting to make Sue aware of him too. The sight of the all the blood on Sue's
back and ass in addition to what Rex was doing, was really turning him on. His
thrusts were now leaving and entering her hole each time. Everything Steve had
was going into her chute. Finally, he burst in her ass, cum streaming in her,
then back out, dripping into her pussy hairs. All this time, Rex never slowed
down. He was out of control, whimpering and hitting his pecker all over her
face. Suddenly, while his cock was in Sue's mouth, Rex unloaded. A huge load
of cum shot down her throat and into her weak stomach. Another load was shot
partially in her mouth and partially in her nose. Steve yanked on the chain and
pulled Rex off her. He tied him up in the corner and walked back over to Sue.
She was laying there coughing, gagging, and crying. Steve wiped his cock off
in her blonde hair and uncuffed her. She did not move, she just layed there
motionless. Steve pushed her off the side of the round table and said "Time
for you to take a shower. You really need one. I'll be back later on when
I think what I want to do to you next. You do look kind of lonely though.
Maybe you need some company. Do you have any suggestions? How about one of
your lovely girlfriends? Think you could convince them to come here?

Possibly another chapter. Any suggestions?

                                         Jack


