Archive-name: Violent/suebond1.txt
Archive-author: Jack
Archive-title: Sue's Bondage - 1


As Steve drove down the dimly lit street he thought back on the troubles
he had endured on his daring escape from the Illinois State penetentary.
The murder of the prison guards, the old man he beat to death and dumped
in a stream for his Mustang, and the liquor store he knocked over for
the 650 bucks he had in his pocket. After driving all night, he had
crossed 2 states and ended up in Ohio. He checked in a hotel and
crashed. Now he was searching for the house in West Columbus that a
fellow rapist in the joint had given him the key for. Another 2 months
and John would be out and would hook up with Steve in Cleveland. After
Steve found the house, he was to lay low until John joined him.
   At last Steve found it. As he pulled into the garage, he thought "I
sure know how to make friends. The house was a large 3 story with a
basement. Fully furnished with a special attraction. A safe full of cash
he was free to use. It was obvious John wanted Steve in his drug
business real bad. He want to the bedroom and crashed again.
   The next day Steve got up and cleaned himself up. He took a handful
of cash and decided to buy some new clothes that would blend in well
around his new home. He was also feeling hungry. After a long Sunday
morning of shopping Steve pulled into a neighborhood Kroger. While
rising after grabbing a can of coffee, he glanced up the aisle and got
his first glimpse of Sue from afar. A nice looking bitch he thought to
himself. Steve figured he better get another look. He casually walked
down the aisle and turned the corner. He looked down and saw Sue bending
over to reach a box of Cheer. He couldn't help but stare. He was right
behind her with her gorgeous ass sticking right at him. Her light pink
slacks hugged her butt tight enough to show the faint trace of her
panties. Sue rose, backing up as she did, and bumped into Steve. A
startled Sue quickly turned around, laughed embarassingly, and
apoligized. Steve smiled and said no problem. He really meant it. It had
been years since any part of his body had touched a girl's ass. When
Sue's brushed against the side of his thigh, he immediately started
getting a hard-on. Luckily his new clothes were baggy. He had to muster
all his self-control not to rape her right there. After she turned
around and saw her big blue eyes and slightly mussed blond hair, he knew
he would be seeing her again. He follow her around at a distance for the
next half hour and got into the checkout line behind her. This was his
lucky day. She had gotten behind one of her girlfriends in line and was
in deep conversation with her. She didn't notice him listening in. What
he heard made the prison break worthwile.
   Steve heard Sue saying that her husband had just been called away on
business to Germany and would not be back for 7 weeks. Since long
distance calls were expensive, they both agreed to just write long
letters until it was time for him to come home. Sue thought it was so
romantic and she wrote him a letter everyday at the office before she
started work.
   This was almost too good to be true. Steve quickly put back the
groceries he had been carrying and made a fast exit to the car his buddy
had been nice enough to leave him in the garage. He sat there with the
radio on till he saw her leave the store. Steve coyly followed Sue
undetected to her home. He memorized the address and went home.
   Steve got up early the next day and drove the Buick Regal to a spot
near Sue's house. He wanted to get there before she left for work.
Finally at 8:00, he saw her get into her Honda and drive off. He
figured he had a good 10-11 hours. He closely watched the house, looking
for anyone else who might live there. He occaisionally got out and
walked by the house to get a closer look, then went back to the
binoculars in the car. He even looked in the windows a few times. He was
convinced there was nobody else there. Now he would just wait for his
entertainment.
   Finally, around 7:00, the red Camaro pulled into the driveway. It was
already getting dark and the trees surrounding Sue's house made for
great privacy for her, and also for Steve. As she got out of the car,
Steve had to work extra hard at his binoculars because of the trees. He
only caught a few glimpses of her getting her mail. He put down his
lens' and sat for a minute. Then he opened the car door and casully made
his way down the street.
   When he got to Sue's house, he quickly lept the small fence and hid
amidst the many trees. He looked around making sure he was not being
watched and headed towards the house. John told him to lay low but just
checking things out here would not bring any trouble...yet. By the time
he got to the 1 story house, he was engulfed in darkness and could move
around fairly freely. He popped his head in many of the windows until
finally he came to the one he was anxiously waiting for. Sue had just
finished listening to her answering machine and reading her mail. No
letter from her husband,just a few bills and a magazine. She turned on
her bedroom light and kicked off her black heels. She reached up under
her long red skirt and pulled off her pantyhose. Steve gulped as he saw
her long legs the were modestly hidden by the bright red pleats of her
skirt. Sue sat on the edge of her bed and then fell backwards, laying
with feet over the edge. Steve was rock hard with just the anticipation
of what he might see.
   After a few minutes of resting, Sue got up and turned on the light in
the adjoining bathroom. Steve couldn't be in a better position to see
everything. She turn on the water slowly in order to get some warm water
in the pipes. She returned to the bedroom and sat down at her dressing
table. She removed her watch, her earrings, and her rings, then stood
up.
   She moved to the bathroom again and waited for the tub to be filled
with the warm, relaxing water. She turned off the faucet, added some bath
salts and returned to the bedroom.
   Steve swore if she didn't hurry up, he would jump through the window
and tear her clothes off. As impatient as he was, though, he loved the
tantalyzing and the teasing of a slow show. But, as if Sue wanted to
please him, the show was about to start.
   After brushing her shoulder length blonde hair a few time she got up
and stood before her bed, and unbeknownst to her, right before Steve.
She slowly unbuttoned the top 2 buttons of her white silk blouse and
then realized she still had her gold necklace on. She took it off and
placed it on the dresser. She then pulled out the blouse from inside her
skirt and undid the rest of the buttons. She removed her blouse and
tossed it on the bed with her back to Steve. The vision of her white
silk bra against her tanned slim torso was the beginning of one of many
nights to remember. Steve gently started massaging his cock through his
pants. Sue then reached behind her and found the zipper of her skirt.
She pulled down the zipper and the let go. The long skirt fell to the
floor. Sue stepped out of the skirt and bent over to pick it up. This
brought back the memories of her at Krogers, only this time Sue was
dressed in a bra and a white half-slip. Sue grabbed the skirt and threw
it on the bed near the blouse. She then quickly dropped her slip
revealing that gorgeous ass wrapped in a pair of high cut, white silk
panties to match her bra. Sue used her foot to toss the slip up so she
could get it, then grabbed her blouse and skirt and threw all three in
the hamper. She moved back over to the bed and sat down. This gave Steve
a front view of Sue in her lingerie. Too bad he had no camera, he
thought. As Sue reached behind her back to remove her bra, Steve grasped
his cock and squeezed harder. He saw the bra release under the weight of
her breasts and stared as she leaned forward to remove it. She put the
bra on the bed and sneezed. Steve unzipped his pants and started to
masturbate. He could've came right then but wanted to make it last. As
Sue started to stand, her tits fell freely from her body dangling with
Steve's eyes not missing a swing. Sue stood up and hooked her thumbs in
the sides of her silky panties. Then in one smooth motion pulled down
the panties and bent at the knees at the same time. She then stepped out
of the underwear and stood up. She was completely naked and she looked
even better than Steve ever imagined. To his delight, he discovered that
Sue was a real blonde after observing her beautiful mound of blonde hair
the panties had previously hid from him. Sue bent over and picked up her
panties and bra and threw them towards the hamper giving Steve ample
opportunity to view her lovely, tight, body. As she walked towards the
bathroom Steve could not contain himself any longer and a huge shot of
cum exploded onto the aluminum siding underneath the window. The noise
of the orgasm coupled with the low moans of Steve were nearly loud
enough for Sue to hear. She paused momentarily and then proceeded to the
bathroom for her realxing bath. Steve zipped up and returned to his car.
As he drove back to his house, he vowed he'd be back for a better show,
possibly even a part in it.
   The next day Steve was tired. He could think of nothing else but Sue.
By 9:00 AM. He had had it. He couldn't take it any longer. He gathered up
a few things, threw them in a gym bag and left the house on foot. He didn't
use his car this time. He was playing it very cautious. Everything had to
be done extra carefully this time. He didn't want to mess this gig up. He
walked about an hour, then took a cab to another place outside of town, then
took the bus to about a block from Sue's house. He then walk rather
hurriedly to Sue's yard. A quick look around, then he lept the fence and
was amongst the trees. He made his way to the back of the house and
found a window leading to the basement. This was so easy Steve wondered
why this house wasn't being continually knocked off. He gently pried the
basement window open and entered the house. After replacing the window,
you could not tell anyone had been there. Steve now set out to explore
the house. He made his way through the house room by room taking his
time, not missing anything that might be worth the time. After getting
some food in the kitchen, Steve made his way to the bedroom. Steve
remenisced about last night and smiled. He opened the closet and smiled
again. A videocamera and all the accessories lay there. So Sue was a
shutterbug Steve said aloud. We'll see how good she is in front of a
camera. He closed the door for now. His eyes scanned the bedroom more.
He moved over to the clothes closet and browsed through Sue's many
outfits. Then he made his way to her dresser and pulled open the top
drawer. Steve's eye's sparkled at the sight. It was a lingerie freak's
dream and Steve was a big one. He ran his fingers through the soft,
frilly material and then stopped. His eyes searched back and forth until
he saw the hamper in the corner of the room. He went over to it, opened
it up and searched through it until he found the silk panties Sue had on
yesterday. He fondled them for a minute and then put them up to his
nose. Sue's scent was still there and Steve was breathing it all in.
This is better then coke Steve thought. He closed the hamper and
continued to smell the panties as he layed on the bed. After dozing off
a few times, Steve realized it was getting late and sat up. He turned on
the TV an watched for a while until he heard the sound of a car pulling
in the driveway. Steve jumped up, turned the TV off and hid in the
closet. The louvre doors gave him an excellant view of the room. He
stuffed the dirty panties in his pocket. Eventually Sue came into the
bedroom. She was dressed in low black heels, a sheer, white, chiffon
blouse and pale green pants. As usual, she was a vision. Sue sat down
and sighed. She removed her shoes and shoved them under the bed. Next
came the kneehighs she was wearing. In a second they were in the hamper.
Once again the blood was flowing in Steve, as she walked back and forth
right in front, but unaware of him. She removed her blouse but there was
no suprises here. While it was on, the blouse did little to hide the
delicate, lacy, white bra she was wearing. The blouse fell to the floor.
She immediately reached for the button on the front of her slacks and
undid it. She pulled the zipper down and the pants fell to her ankles.
Steve was once again captivated by the ass of the woman. This time it
was decorated by a pair of dazzling white panties with fine lace
edgings. It obviously was bought as a set with the bra. Whatever she
paid for it, Steve definitely thought it was worth it. He was throbbing.
Sue gathered up the blouse and pants and threw them in the hamper not 2
feet away from Steve. She opened the clothes closet (Steve chose the
right closet to hide in) and pulled out a short, summer, casual dress.
It was olive green knit with horizontal black stripes. She slipped it on
over her head. It had long sleeves, a cowlneck, and an elastic waist. It
fit loosely from the neck to the waist then hugged her thin body. From the
waist it loosened up a lot and was semi-pleated. Sue then went to the
kitchen closing the door behind her.
    This was it, Steve thought. Fuck the laying low. Now is the time! He
quickly grabbed the tripod and set it up in the room. Next a fresh tape
in the the video camera and he mounted it on the tripod aimed at the
bedroom door. He wanted to get Sue initial reaction on film. He then
grabbed the remote control and stood quietly on the other side of the
door. After about ten minutes of waiting, Steve saw the outline of Sue
coming towards the bedroom. He switched on the camera and tossed the
remote on the bed. He then reached under his pantleg and grabbed his
trusty switchblade and waited tensely. Sue opened the door and reached
for the light. Steve grabbed her hand and turned the light on for her.
Sue was startled and frozen. As she was about to scream, he put the
blade under her chin and warned her to keep quiet. Sue begged him not to
hurt her. You can have anything you want, she managed to sound out
despite her terror. I know said Steve, And I will. He locked the door
and threw her on the bed. As she landed on her back, her skirt flew up
revealing her panty covered snatch. Sue quickly pulled it down. Sue
spoke "my husband is due home anytime now. You better get out with what
you can." Steve's eyes doubled in size. He ran over to the bed and
backhanded Sue across the mouth. Don't lie to me bitch. I know all about
you, including your fag husband in Krautland. Fucking bitch. Lie to me
will you??? You need to be taught a lesson! Sue couldn't believe it. How
did he know and what was he here for?
    Steve went to his bag in the closet and pulled out 3 pairs of
handcuffs. After again hitting her and warning her she would be dead if
she tried anything funny, he cuffed her ankles together. Then he cuffed
a wrist to each of the 2 bedposts at the top of the bed. Sue was now
helplessly wriggling on her stomach. Steve ensured the camera angle was
perfect then went over to Sue. He gently raised the dress and placed it
on her waist. Once again Steve stopped to admire the panty-clad butt.
Trembling, he carressed her cheeks through the lace then slowly pulled
the undies down to her knees. Steve let out a sick laugh and Sue started
to cry. He reached again into his bag and produced a leather riding
crop. He smacked his hand with it a few times and Sue stopped crying and
looked back at him as best she could. Her big blue eyes got bigger as he
approached her. The louder you cry, the more you get Steve said. Please,
Sue begged. Please let me go. The plea was met with a solid hit Sue's
ass. Sue screamed in pain. Steve was not hitting very hard but this was
obviously Sue's first whipping in a long time. And there was no way
Steve was going to harm or change in anyway the butt he had become
obsessed with. After about 15 hits, Steve stepped back and stopped.
Sue's ass was now pink from her punishment and Steve used the crop to
probe her cheeks. Sue just laid there quietly sobbing. The end of the
crop started at the top of her crack and gently made its way around the
outside of her buns. After retuning to the top of her crack. it took the
direct route south. Slowly inching its way to the asshole. Once there,
he slowly slid it in. This chute looks mighty tight Steve remarked. I'll
have to verify that later. He then proceeded south till he found the
beginning of her pussy hair. Yeah, Sue, you're gonna remeber this for a
loooong time. He then pulled her panties back on and pulled her dress
down. Then he handcuffed her hands behind her back then cuffed her hands
to her feet. Sue was hogtied in handcuffs.
   After a time of just watching Sue and ignoring her pleas, Steve brought
over the phone and told Sue she was going to make some calls. With the
sharp switchblade at her throat, she called her boss at work and told
him she would need a 2 week absence for a family matter. Her boss was
concerned for her and gave her the time off. She also called her friend
and her neighbor and a friend and fed them the same story. Two weeks
should be long enough to have some fun and for nobody to think she was
kidnapped. He got a 2 suitcases from the closet and packed 1 full of
Sue's outfits from the closet and the other full of her underwear,
jeans, and tops. He waited till it was dark and he loaded up the Honda.
Then he uncuffed Sue and ordered her in the car. He had her drive for
about a half mile to a secluded spot. Then he reached in his bag and
pulled out a rag and quickly covered Sue's mouth and nose with it. After
a few seconds of resistance, she was out cold. He quickly changed seats
with Sue and drove the car to his house. He parked the car in his
garage and carried Sue in. He took her downstairs to a modestly
furnished room. Along with the furniture were a bunch of surveillence
cameras. The house was full of them and this room was no exception. He
put her on the couch and started to walk away. Halfway out he stopped
and returned to Sue. He took a calf in each hand and spread them and
raised them at the same time. Now he was looking down at at her pussy
covered in the lacy panties. He knelt down beside her and buried his
face in the crotch of her panties. Even though Sue was still out cold,
Steve was inhaling and nuzzling and having as much fun as he would've if
she was wide awake. He then made sure the camera got a shot of her wide
open crotch then left to get the suitcases. He returned with the cases,
threw them down and then carried Sue into another room.
   This room was not furnished the same way as the previous room. It was
apparently used to persuade guests to see John's point of view when they
didn't agree. It was like a dungeon. There were all sorts of tables and
chairs, some with chains, some with straps, and a bunch of other things
Steve didn't recognize. He would find some use for them anyway. He took
Sue's hands, raised them over her head, and tied them together with a
chain that hung from the ceiling. Sue's whole body just layed limp. She
was still out cold. Steve stepped back and thought about his next move.
He then grabbed some smelling salts and woke Sue.
   After a few minutes, Sue was wide awake and realized she was not
dreaming. She began begging to be released but saw it would do no good.
She was terrified. What did he have planned? Just then Steve grabbed her
ankle and connected it to another chain hanging from the ceiling. He
then turned a nearby crank and her leg began to raise. Steve kept
turning until her foot was above her head. He did the same to the other
leg. Sue was now suspeneded in the air with her legs wide apart. Steve
walked around her admiring the view. Then he produced his switchblade and
stood right infront of her. He ran the blade gently on her thighs. Sue
was shaking now. He then put the blade under the crotch of her panties
and sliced it in half. The lacy panties sprung open revealing her blonde
snatch as she gulped. He closed his blade and dropped to his knees. Sue,
Steve said, when I was in the pen, I dreamed of having a sweet bitch
like you strung up. I had six years to dream up the things I would do.
You are gonna help me live those fantasies and you might even learn to
like a few. I will start off slow and easy since your so sweet and
innocent. Sue said nothing. She just dropped her head back as tears
trickled down her cheek. Steve started to lick the inside of her thigh
while he shed all his clothes. He was hard already, the veins in his
cock throbbing. He made his was to her pussy lightly licked the top of
her lips. Everytime Sue uttered a "no" or a "stop" he just laughed and
increased the pace. Soon his tongue was inside her pussy and he started
working on her clit. Sue was beginning to get wet although she could not
beleive it. She was repulsed by this man but her juices were starting to
flow. As Steve tongue continued to flick her clit, he grasped each of
Sue's ass cheeks in one hand to steady her. Steve let out a moan when he
did this. He finally was caressing the ass that drove him nuts. He then
took his right index finger and without a warning drilled it in her
asshole. Sue winced. Her hole was so tight Steve had resistance with
just his finger going in. He repeated the process for awhile still
eating Sue's juicy snatch. He pulled back, his chin dripping with the
inside of Sue. He lowered Sue down and unhooked her. She dropped to the
floors and then scurried into a corner. Steve yelled out "Get over here
bitch...NOW!" There was no way out for Sue, she slowly came towards
him. At arms length Steve grabbed Sue's hair. You know what I want now.
And it better be good! Unfortuntely for Sue, she did know. Steve was
standing and Sue was kneeling before him. Steve pecker was at attention
right in front of her face. Well?, Steve asked. Sue opened her mouth and
put about half of it in her mouth. She started to gag and stopped. Steve
yanked her hair and warned her not to do that again. Then he grabbed her
head with 2 hands and forced her mouth back on his cock. He then guided
her head back and forth. Sue could not believe she was doing this. She
had never done it before and was sure she never wanted to do it again.
As Steve pushed her head closer and closer to his stomach with each
repitition, his enormous cock went farther and farther down her throat.
Steve didn't need much encouragement to cream but when his saw how much
Sue hated this, he used all his power to hold on. Eventually it was too
much to handle and Steve pull out of her mouth. He then took careful aim
and shot a ton of cum right below her right eye. A second round exploded
on the left side. Steve groaned and finished with one on her lips. Now
clean me he ordered her. Sue looked around for a cloth but Steve grabbed
her hair again and yelled, with your mouth! Sue resisted but Steve used
his force again and soon Sue was licking him clean. Sorry I was so messy
this time Sue, Steve said. Next time I'll make sure it all ends up in
you mouth! Hah hah hah. He then dragged Sue into the next room and
ordered "Get yourself cleaned up and put on something nice. I'll be back
in an hour. You know by now not to disappoint me!
    In exactly an hour the door to Sue's room opened and a voice said
"get that pretty ass out here!". Sue slowly emerged into Steve's view.
Steve grabbed her wrist and pulled her to the torture room and roughly
threw her in. He locked the door and quickly grabbed her again. He
cuffed her hands together and then her hands to a steel post. She was
wearing a long maroon cotton skirt and a white silk blouse. Steve put
his hand under her arms and started moving his hands slowly down her
clothed body. Sue was just standing there slowly shaking her head and
fighting back the tears. He made his way over her waist, then her hips,
then down her long slender legs. When he got to her ankles, he started
back up, this time going under her skirt. He got to about her knees and
he stopped. His eyes enlarged and his grip tightened. Where the fuck is
your slip, he screamed? Sue said nothing. Steve stood up, spun Sue
around and slapped her on the face. He yelled, answer me slut. Where the
hell is your slip?. Sue gently said "I didn't think..". He slapped her
again and screamed "did I tell you to think? Fucking bitch, you're gonna
pay for this!" He uncuffed Sue and pulled her to a stock in the left
center of the room. He jammed her head and wrists thru the holes and
clamped it shut. All this time Steve was erect. He hadn't bothered to
dress from his last meeting with Sue. Steve walked over to the table and
picked up a wooden yardstick. Then he walked around Sue twice his mind
working feverishly on what to do next. Sue couldn't help but notice how
huge his hard cock was and fear what he might do with it. Steve finally
ended up behind her. He reached down and lifted the long skirt. The
slight shaking of Sue's legs excited Steve even more. He focused in on
the red cotton panties that held her firm cheeks tight. He then took the
yardstick and jammed it in her pussy through the panties. Sue screamed
in pain. Shut up bitch, he yelled. He kept pushing until he got six
inches burrid in her. He then rotated the ruler back and forth, each
time getting a slight wimper from Sue. After two minutes of this he
pulled the stick out. He did not want to damage the goods...yet. Next he
yanked the panties down and let them fall to her ankles. Looking at the
ass, a small drop of cum emerged from his penis. Noticing this, he
walked to Sue's face and said "Wipe" Sue closed her eyes and quickly
licked his nob clean. Steve and went behind her and whacked her butt
hard. Sue screamed again. This time Steve said nothing but answered it
with another swat, then another. He gave her 25 HARD hits, Sue answering
each one with a loud response. He then threw down the yardstick and
ripped Sue's blouse off her, He then grabbed the back of her white nylon
bra and ripped it in two and let it fall to the floor. Sue small but
lucious tits just hung there. Steve ended up in front of Sue again and
said "I want you to moisten my cock baby. The better job you do, the
better it will be on you. You have one minute." Sue didn't know what he
meant by this but she would find out. He stood there with his head
sticking in Sue's nose. She just looked at it for about 15 seconds, then
barely put it in her mouth. After a minute, it was almost as dry as it
was before. Ok bitch, if thats the way you want it Steve said. He walked
behind her and centered himself behind her. He then moved in, grabbed a
cheek with each hand, and spread them revealing her small pink asshole.
Now Sue realized what he meant and wished she had made him cum before.
But before she could finish the thought, she felt a deep sharp burning
sensation. The pain was almost unbearable as she screamed. Steve had
shoved half his hard, ten inch cock up her asshole. Tears immediately
came from Sue's eyes. She felt like she was exploding. The lining of her
shithole felt as if it was being ripped off. The pain doubled and Steve
pulled his thing back. The next shove got another 3 inches of dick in
her. ARRRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHH, Steve yelled. God, you are so tight Sue.
I've never had an ass as good as this. Again he pulled back and then
shoved again. He was totally in now. Sue felt the tip of his cock
pushing near her stomach. She was on the verge of passing out as a small
amount of blood tricked from her ass. Again and again Steve fucked her
chute yelling compliments to her hole. Sue vision started to blur. When
Steve felt an orgasm coming on, pulled out of Sue all the way. He went
to the table, grabbed a glass, and returned behind Sue. He stood there
gazing at her throbbing behind and jacked off into the glass. He filled
the glass a quarter of the way up and walked over to Sue's face. "Clean"
he yelled. Obiediantly, Sue sucked him clean, gagging several times,
mostly because of the foul smell of the slime covered organ. Eventually,
he was clean and Sue practically fell limp in the stock. Steve grabbed
her by the hair and shoved smelling salts in her nose. Sue's eyes bulged
and looked up at him. "One more thing, Angel" He unlocked the stock and
threw Sue into a wooden chair.He grabbed her hair and forced her head
back. Open wide dear Steve said as he raised the glass of cum near Sue's
mouth. Sue couldn't believe it but she could not find the strength to
resist at the moment. He let go of her hair, forced her mouth open, and
started pouring the cum in her mouth. Swallow bitch he screamed, but
Sue started to gag. Steve pinched her nostrils shut forcing Sue to
swallow in order to breath. Sue thought it would never stop coming.
Eventually the glass was emptied, most of it now in her stomach with a
little dribbling down her cheek. "Now when I say get ready are you going
to forget ANYTHING again Steve asked? Sue just shook her head slowly,
coughing, with her asshole still burning. He returned Sue to her room
and tossed her on the couch. You look like hell Sue, he smirked. You
need some rest. Clean yourself up, and get some sleep. I'll be back
tomorrow morning at 9:00 AM. You better be ready with something nice on.
You wouldn't want to disappoint me again!
       Next morning came all too quickly for Sue. She was still hoping it
was some sort of dream but when the door flung open at 9:00, she realized
it was a living nightmare. Sue had on a pair of slightly faded Lee jeans
and a blue pullover top. Simple but sexy. Steve went over licked her ear.
Sue pulled away slightly and received a face slap for it. He grabbed her
by the arm and re-entered the torture room. While walking in he ripped the
blouse of Sue and pushed her towards a rectangular table near a corner of
the room. He trapped her against the table and turned her towards him.
She had already begun to cry and plead. Steve ignored her and grabbed her tits
through her white lace bra. After a few mintes of massaging, he wanted the
real thing. He unhooked the bra from the front and pulled it off her. "Please"
Sue cried, "not again". Steve let go of her and walked to the other side of the
room, much to Sue's surprise. She let out a groan and in order to placate him
muttered a thank you. Steve walked back and laughed. "NO, this will be my
pleasure" and produced a gag in the shape of a 4 inch cock. Sue tried to run
but Steve arms caught and held her with no trouble. He jammed the gag in her
mouth and buckled it behind her head. "I just dont wanna hear you yet. Its too
early in the morning". He then bent Sue over, face down on the table. He cuffed
each wrist to a corner of the table and then tied her ankles to the table legs
near the floor. He stepped back and look at her ass packed into the tight jeans.
He undressed never taking his eyes off the butt. Steve walked around to the
front of Sue and watched her struggle with the dildo in her mouth. "Sue, if you
think thats tough, wait till my buddy gets out of the slammer. Your going to
have to find enough room in that lucious mouth for both of us". All Sue could
do was produce a muffled scream that sounded like a whimper. Steve smiled and
returned to her behind. He put his palms on her cheeks and gently caressed the
ass shaped jeans. It was like stroking the real thing since they were skin tight.
Steve moved in and started humping on her fully clothed butt. He was like a dog
in heat. He then got a hold of himself and reached around her waist. He found
the button and the zipper and undid both. He then slowly pulled down the jeans
until they were around her ankles. He then knelt and stared at the white,
cotton panties that clung to her cheeks. He slipped his thumbs into the elastic
waistband and gently pulled them down. He the used a knife and cut the waistband
in two places wnabling his to remove them without releasing Sue's legs. He
sniffed the slightly moist crotch and rubbed them on his hard cock. He then
layed them on her bare back. Steve took his middle finger and softly rubbed it
on Sue's pussy lips. Sue's butt clenched and tightened at the first contact.
She knew it was coming but she could not prepare herself for it. Up and down
her slit Steve ran his finger. Eventually, he started moving his finger futher
into her box. He stopped at the first knuckle and then repeated his up and down
motion. Much to her horror, Sue started getting more and more wet. She hated
this man more than anyone, but he was so good at what he was doing, she had
no control over her body. Steve inserted his finger to the second knuckle and
again teased Sue's pussy more. "Bet this is about all the man you husband is"
Steve remarked. He then jammed the rest of his finger in and picked up the pace.
In and out his finger went, at times with enough force to lift Sue off the table.
He was careful not to let Sue have han orgasm. She was here for his pleasure,
not vice versa. He got his finger out of Sue's snatch and sucked the juices off
his dripping digit. He then moved his mouth in and repeated the same procedure
with his tongue. After six minutes of heavy duty cunt eating, he took Sue's
buns and spread them wide. Then he moved in on her asshole with his tongue.
Sue's anus tensed and almost shut on his tongue. He traced the outside of her
hole an then plunged in as far ass he could. He dreamed of doing this to Sue
the first time he saw her in the store. As he contiuned eating her shithole,
he reached up under Sue and pinched and squeezed her nipples. The sensation
of being finger fucked had disappeared and now pain was shooting through
her body again. Steve stood up and stuck his pecker into her pussy. Sue was
now laying limp but Steve didn't seem to mind as he drilled her pussy and
sucked his tongue for the last tastes of the inside of Sue's ass. He fucked
her for what she thought was an eternity. Steve was holding on for as long
as he could. Her pussy lips were wrapping around his shaft so tightly, Steve
could have sworn she was a virgin. Sweat was pouring down Steve's face. Every
drive made Sue's entire body leap forward and head bounce up. Finally, Steve
let go and sent his cum deep into her pussy. The hot liquid endlessy poured
to Sue's cavity with some eventually leaking back out. Steve gathered this in
his fingers and after shoving his finger in her ass one more time, he unbuckled
her gag and wiped the cummy fingers on Sue's tounge. Unknown to Sue, Steve then
picked up a large wooden paddle and walked behind her. A loud crack filled the
room. Sue's eyes bulged and she screamed. "Thought I'd forgot about you trying
to run away before huh?". Another loud crack and then another scream filled the
air. "We can't let you get away unpunished, no matter how pretty you are" Crack!
"Hit the showers babe, I got a phone call to make. Do you know the number of
the local pound? It's be kind to animals week. I'm sure you would LOVE to have
a pet! HA HA HA".

More to come for poor Sue (and possibly some of her friends) if there is any
interest out there.  Jack.

--
