Archive-name: Family/suesurpr.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sue, Diane and the Surprise
Also-archived: Series/bus1st10.txt


Despite the workout I had been  through the previous night I woke  about
8:30.  Diane was still sleeping soundly  so I let her sleep in  figuring
with Sue joining us soon Diane needed her rest.  I went into the kitchen
and put coffee on and was soon busy reading some project schedules  when
I heard the water running in  the bathroom.  The thought of Diane  naked
and wet got my cock hard and I  put down what I was reading and went  to
the bathroom.  Diane was already in the shower and had her hair full  of
shampoo which forced her to keep her eyes closed.  I slipped in next  to
her and put  my arms around  her firm young  body pulling her  to me and
kissing her warm lips.  I helped Diane get the soap out of her hair then
washed her  firm beautiful  body paying  special attention  to her  firm
tits, pussy and tight asshole.  Diane was very stimulated and her  pussy
was slick with her juices as I rubbed her pink pussy lips and sucked her
taught nipples.  Once I had  her squeaky clean Diane returned  the favor
soaping me up and fingering my asshole while she stroked her soapy  hand
up and down my stiff prick.  I knew we had to fuck soon or I would loose
my load in her hot little hand.   I turned off the water and we  got out
and dried off.  I offered Diane some coffee and breakfast first  knowing
she needed to  eat and recharge  her lust before  we began a  day of hot
fucking and sucking.   I lead Diane  naked into the  kitchen and perched
her hot ass on a stool and poured her some coffee.  Diane was even  more
beautiful sitting their than she  had been the previous evening.   Diane
seemed perfectly at ease and we traded easy conversation while I  cooked
some bacon and eggs my cock  aching to fill her hot young  pussy.  Diane
was sitting open legged her  pink pussy completely exposed and  enjoying
the affect it had on my cock which was standing stiffly out in front  of
me as I made breakfast.  We ate every bit of the breakfast attesting  to
our hunger then sat around talking and getting to know each other a bit.

I found out Diane had been attracted to me for quite a while and I found
myself drawn to  her charms in  a big way.   I told her  I had invited a
special lady over to meet her and I hoped she would like Sue as much  as
I did.   Diane seemed  delighted at  the idea  and told  me how much she
enjoyed being eaten by  a talented lady and  how much she herself  liked
the taste of pussy.  I knew then that our paths would cross on a regular
basis from then on.  Our reverie was broken by the sound of the doorbell
which took us both a bit by  surprise.  We had been talking for over  an
hour and it was  11:30, I knew the  doorbell signaled Sue's arrival  and
took Diane by  the hand and  lead her to  the front door  telling her we
would surprise  Sue at  the door  and meet  her naked  and ready.  Diane
liked my suggestion  and came with  me willingly.  I  put my arm  around
Diane and cupped her firm tit and called out for Sue to come in.  As the
door opened I realized my surprise was just the beginning.  There in the
doorway stood  Sue and  a young  girl and  boy.  I  was more  than a bit
shocked as was Diane who stood  their naked and open mouthed as  Sue let
out a low whistle.  Sue was  wearing a short skirt which she  had pulled
up and tucked into  the waistband of the  skirt exposing her pussy,  the
young girl had  her skirt pulled  up in a  similar fashion exposing  her
fuzzy mound and  pink pussy, her  blouse was unbuttoned  and pulled back
exposing her small tits which  sported stiff pink nipples, she  was very
young and  as I  found out  later she  had just  turned 16  the previous
month.  The boy was a  bit older but as it  turned out was only 17.   He
had his zipper undone  and his stiff prick  jutted out quite a  bit from
his pants and was complemented by a pair of large balls which were fully
out of his pants.  Our shock turned to laughter and I pulled them in the
house quickly before any of my  nosy neighbors could see what was  going
on at my front door.  The boy's cock was stiff as a board and he  looked
over Diane with lust filled eyes as Sue introduced her cousins Gary  and
Pam.  Pam and  Gary were brother  and sister and  Sue was determined  to
introduce them to sex.

I asked  Sue if  she had  been getting  it on  with her  cousins and she
smiled and told me that they had  been over for the last three days  and
had been fucking and sucking ever since they had arrived.  I  introduced
Diane and Sue went right to her cupping Diane's firm tits and pulling on
her now stiff nipples as Diane  slipped her hand between Sue's legs  and
rubbed Sue's already  soaking pussy.  I  told Gary to  strip Sue and  he
quickly moved to her and pulled off her tank top exposing Sue's tits and
letting Diane see Sue's firm tits  and stiff nipples.  Pam came over  to
me and grabbed my rock hard cock pressing her firm young body to me  and
rubbing the swollen  head of my  throbbing cock into  her slippery pussy
lips.  I wanted to fuck this pert teenager very badly and pulled off her
already open blouse and began to suck her small firm tits.  I moved down
her firm young body and pulled her  skirt off then licked my way up  her
legs ending up with  my tongue on her  slippery slit.  Pam tasted  great
and I opened her tight young hole and thrust my tongue into her slippery
vagina making  her moan  loud and  long.  Gary  had striped  Sue and was
pulling on  her stiff  nipples while  he fingered  Sue's tight  asshole.
Diane knelt in front of Sue and was licking Sue's pink pussy making  Sue
twitch  with  pleasure  as  her  brother  pulled Sue's stiff nipples and
finger fucked Sue's tight anus.  Pam was climaxing and as she gushed her
sweet cum into my mouth I pulled her stiff nipples and sucked her  stiff
clit between  my lips  and lashed  my tongue  against the  sensitive bud
making her shake with pleasure.  Pam stiffened and let out a shriek  and
fell into my arms as a powerful climax raced thru her body.  I moved Pam
to the floor and rubbed her  small firm tits while we watched  Diane and
Gary bring Sue  off to a  hot hard climax.   Sue drenched Diane's  mouth
with her juices as her climax  over took her pleasure racked body.   Sue
slumped to  the floor  next to  Pam and  I and  we all  watched as Diane
stripped  Gary  ripping  off  his  shirt  and pulling down his pants and
pressing her slippery fingers up  his young tight asshole.  Gary's  cock
was stiff  and pulsing  and Diane  took his  stiff shaft  into her mouth
fucking her throat  with his stiff  prick.  Gary was  thrusting his hips
forcing his cock deep into Diane's throat as his passion built.

Sue rolled her  young cousin Pam  towards me and  guided my stiff  prick
into her sweet young mouth.  Pam  took my cock deep into her  throat and
sucked my prick hard and fast attesting to the training Sue had provided
during the last three days.  My cock was close to bursting and I knew  I
needed to stuff my throbbing prick into a pussy soon.  Diane knelt  down
and told Gary to fuck her pussy and reached back spreading her pussy and
asshole showing him her tight holes and rubbing her clit inviting him to
fuck his stiff cock up her cunt.  Sue seeing that Gary was ready to ream
Diane's hot  cunt moved  over and  grabbed his  stiff throbbing cock and
guided  him  to  Diane's  open  pussy  rubbing  the  swollen head of her
cousin's cock into Diane's slippery  pussy lips.  Diane humped back  and
shoved Gary's cock up her pulsing  pussy.  As soon as Gary saw  his cock
begin to disappear  up Diane's slippery  slit he thrust  forward driving
his cock fully up Diane's hot wet cunt.  Gary began to thrust into Diane
reaming her tight twat with frantic hard thrusts making her moan and cry
out as he stretched her pussy  and thrust his stiff prick deep  into her
pulsing slit.  Pam watched as her brother fucked Diane and I could  tell
she wanted to  fuck as she  watched Gary reaming  Diane's hot pussy.   I
pulled her mouth  off my throbbing  cock and layed  her on her  back and
spread  her  smooth  firm  thighs  opening  her slippery pussy.  Pam was
dripping with excitement and I  moved between her legs my  cock standing
out like a flag ready to open her young tight cunt and stretch her  teen
pussy to the limit of pleasure.   Sue rolled over and sucked her  cousin
Pam's stiff little nipples and grabbed my cock guiding my stiff shaft up
Pam's slippery cunt.  Pam's teenage pussy was tight as hell and I slowly
pressed my ten incher up her  sopping slit.  Pam was very wet  making my
entrance possible  as I  stretched her  tight pink  pussy spreading  her
pussy lips and stretching her young tight vagina as I shoved my cock  up
her tight slit.  Pam was grunting out her pleasure and asked me to  stop
for a minute  once I was  about six inches  up her sweet  tight slit.  I
wanted her  first time  on a  big dick  to be  pleasurable so  I stopped
driving my cock up her cunt and began to give her some in and out action
pulling out a  bit then pressing  into her again.   This action had  Pam
moaning for more cock in no time and I continued to fuck her tight  twat
as Sue moved over her face and settled her cunt onto Pam's mouth letting
Pam lick and suck her slick cunt.

I heard Diane  start to climax  and looked over  to see her  humping her
cunt back against Gary's stiff cock  as he thrust into her spasm  ridden
pussy  and  filled  her  tight  cunt  with  a load of sperm.  Diane kept
cumming and reached back between her  legs and frigged her clit as  Gary
emptied his swollen balls in  her convulsing cunt.  Pam began  to climax
and  as  her  body  bucked  beneath  me  in orgasmic frenzy Sue climaxed
wetting  Pam's  pretty  face  with  her  sweet juices.  I thrust forward
pressing my cock deeper into  Pam's tight hole making her  climax harder
as she licked  up Sue's slippery  pussy juices and  Sue pulled on  Pam's
stiff pink  nipples.  I  continued to  press my  cock up Pam's quivering
vagina until  my balls  were firmly  pressed up  against her slick pussy
lips  and  began  to  fuck  her  deep  taking  long  slow strokes as Pam
continued to climax from the pleasure my thick prick was causing up  her
tight young cunt.  Sue climbed  off her cousin and was  quickly replaced
by Diane her  pussy dripping with  Pam's brothers sperm.   Pam licked up
her brothers cream like a ravenous  young kitten while I fucked my  long
cock deep into her convulsing cunt.   Gary and Sue joined in and  licked
and sucked Pam's stiff  nipples as they massaged  the firm flesh of  her
small tits making her climax again  an again.  I could not hold  off any
longer and with  a hard thrust  buried my cock  balls deep into  her hot
snatch and  shot my  load deep  into her  young tight  pussy filling her
convulsing  hole  as  Diane  had  another  climax on Pam's mouth.  Diane
drenched  Pam's  open  mouth  with  her  juices  and the remnants of her
brother Gary's load which gushed  out of Diane's spasming twat.   My cum
filled Pam's  tight young  vagina and  leaked out  around her  stretched
pussy lips as I continued to  pound my still stiff dick deep  into Pam's
tight teenage pussy making her moan and twist with pleasure.

I pulled out of  Pam's stretched cunt and  pulled Sue's head to  my cock
letting her suck  and lick my  cum and her  cousin Pam's juices  from my
stiff prick.  Gary's  dick was hard  again and Diane  wanted to see  him
fuck his sister so she got Pam up on her hands and knees and slid  under
her licking her cunt and lapping up my sperm as it dripped out of  Pam's
swollen pink pussy lips.  Pam  was twitching as Diane sucked  and licked
her  clit  spreading  her  spermy  pussy  lips giving Gary a great show.
Gary's cock was stiff and ready and Diane grabbed his throbbing dick and
pushed the head  of Gary's cock  into his sister  Pam's hot sperm  lubed
pussy.  Pam began  to moan and  call out for  Gary to fuck  her cunt and
fill her pussy with his sperm.  Gary pressed forward stuffing his  stiff
cock all the way up his  sister Pam's tight spermy cunt.  His  long cock
stretched her pussy making her  moan as Diane sucked Pam's  stiff button
and licked  Gary's cum  filled balls  as Gary  pounded his  cock up  his
sister Pam's hot tight  slit.  Sue had sucked  my cock clean and  in the
process gotten me stiff and throbbing.  Sue's pussy was wet and ready so
I pulled my cock  out of Sue's hot  mouth and pulled her  up doggy style
spreading her ass cheeks and opening her pussy.  Sue was hot and  begged
me to fuck her cunt and fill her tight slit with my sperm.  Sue  reached
between her  legs and  guided my  stiff long  shaft into  her hot  pussy
taking my full ten inches on  the first thrust pressing her slick  pussy
lips tight against my balls.  Pam  was moaning as Gary fucked her  tight
teen slit  and she  ate Diane's  spermy cunt  lapping Diane's stiff clit
while she thrust  her fingers up  Diane's hot pussy  and tight anus.   I
reamed Sue's cunt with long strokes driving my cock deep into her  pussy
while Sue frigged her stiff long  clit.  Seeing how turned on Sue  was I
licked my fingers and pressed them up Sue's pink puckered anus thrusting
them deep into her tight anus as I drove my prick deep into her  pulsing
pussy.  I saw Diane's legs begin to tremble signifying her climax as Pam
thrust  her  fingers  deep  into  Diane's  hot  pussy and pink stretched
asshole ramming her  holes with all  her might.  Pam  started to cum  as
Diane drenched her mouth with her sweet pussy juices and Gary fired  his
load deep into his sister's hot slippery slit filling her throbbing cunt
with a big  thick load of  sticky sperm.  Gary  drove his spurting  cock
deep into  his sister  Pam's hot  cunt as  Diane sucked  the overflowing
sperm from Pam's sperm  soaked cunt lips.  The  hot scene got Sue  going
and she began her climax her  pussy clamping around my cock like  a vise
and  her  powerful  sphincter  grabbing  my  fingers.  Sue's tight pussy
milked my cock hard and caused me to cum filling her hot tight cunt with
a big load  of sperm.  As  I reamed my  cock deep into  Sue's convulsing
cunt I watched Gary pull his dick out of his sisters stretched cunt  and
fed his cock to Diane who took him balls deep into her slick throat.   I
filled Sue's hot cunt with my sperm as I thrust my stiff prick deep into
her cunt making Sue cry out with pleasure.

I fucked Sue fast and hard until her orgasm subsided then pulled out  of
her sperm soaked cunt and called Pam over rolling Sue onto her back  and
guiding Pam between Sue's slick  thighs.  Pam dove into Sue's  pussy and
began licking my cum from her  cousins sperm filled twat lapping up  the
thick globs  of cum  as she  shoved her  fingers up  Sue's hot  cunt and
asshole.  Diane had Gary sucked up to another stiff hardon and lead  him
over to Sue's face rubbing the  head of his cock across Sue's  full lips
and guiding his dick into her open mouth.  Gary drove his cock deep into
Sue's throat as I watched my cock throbbing and ready for stuffing up  a
hot cunt.  Diane came around and spread Pam's ass licking her pussy  and
anus as  she pressed  her fingers  up both  of Pam's  slick pink  holes.
Diane's  pussy  was  dripping  and  ready  her  hot pink anal pucker was
twitching with  anticipation.  I  moved in  behind Diane  and pressed my
cock up against her swollen pussy lips working the head of my fat  shaft
up her  wet slippery  pussy.  When  Diane felt  my cock  in her slit she
pressed back against my long dick forcing me deep into her pulsing slit.
I began to ream Diane's hot cunt with long hard strokes making her  firm
tit's jump with each thrust and  stretching her wet cunt as I  buried my
dick balls deep each time I  rammed into her tight slit.  Pam  Wanted to
watch her brother fuck Sue's hot cunt so after lapping up my sperm  from
Sue's pussy she pulled her brother Gary down and helped Sue mount Gary's
stiff cock guiding it up Sue's  slippery cunt.  Pam began to lick  Sue's
pussy as she rode Gary's cock thrusting his stiff tool up her cunt while
Pam licked and sucked her stiff clit and laved her brothers balls.   Pam
licked her fingers and slowly pressed her slim fingers up her cousin Sue
and brother's  exposed assholes  as the  fucked each  other with frantic
pleasure.  I moved Diane around so that her face was next to Pam's  wide
spread ass  cheeks and  forced her  mouth to  Pam's exposed  asshole and
pussy.  Diane began to lick and suck Pam's cunt and asshole slipping her
long fingers  up the  young girls  pulsing holes  and finger fucking her
cunt and asshole at the same time.

Gary and I kept pounding our cocks into Sue and Diane as Pam licked  Sue
and her brother's pounding genitals while getting her asshole and  pussy
reamed by Diane's insistent fingers  and tongue.  Soon the pleasure  the
girls  were  feeling  was  too  great  to  deny  and Sue began to climax
clamping down on Gary's thrusting prick and causing his climax to start.
Gary was filling Sue's cunt with  loads of sperm and soon his  cum began
to leak out around Sue's convulsing slit only to be licked up by his hot
sister.  Diane climaxed  and I filled  her very tight  pussy with a  big
load of sperm ramming my cock  balls deep into her climaxing cunt.   Pam
went over the top  as she licked up  her brothers overflowing sperm  and
got  her  pussy  and  asshole  fucked  by  Diane's insistent fingers.  I
continued to ream Diane's hot slippery pussy until all the hardness  was
gone from my prick.  Diane rolled on her side and Sue got off Gary's now
flaccid organ joining Diane on the floor.  Sue spread Diane's limp  legs
and began to suck my sperm from Diane's swollen pussy spreading her  own
legs and pulling Diane's mouth to her pussy.  Gary and I rolled Pam over
and I placed my flagging erection to her puffy lips letting her lick  my
half hard  shaft while  her brother  Gary licked  her pussy  and asshole
making Pam twitch with post  climatic tension.  I pulled on  Pam's stiff
pink nipples as she sucked my limp pecker into her mouth and sucked  and
licked the cum and pussy juice from my dick.  I watched as Sue and Diane
licked and finger fucked each  others pussies and assholes and  began to
get excited by their lust for each other.  Their show roused me but  not
enough to  start another  round with  these hot  ladies just yet.  After
Gary had licked his  sister Pam to a  nice climax and Diane  and Sue had
climaxed in each others  arms I suggested we  have some lunch before  we
continued.  The girls and Gary agreed  and we all got up and  headed for
the kitchen.

I made  some lunch  for us  all while  Diane and  Pam sat at the counter
showing off their well  fucked pussies.  Sue sat  at the table and  Gary
helped me make the lunch.  Sue was  telling me how she wanted to see  me
fuck Diane up the asshole while Pam took Gary up her anus and she sucked
Pam's pussy.  To illustrate the hot  scene Sue took a large firm  banana
from the fruit basked on the table and spread her legs and pressed it up
her pussy ramming the yellow fruit deep into her slippery twat.  Pam and
Diane fingered their pussies as they watched Sue fuck her cunt with  the
long thick fruit.  Sue was hot  and pretty soon she began to  finger her
own hot  asshole pressing  her index  finger deep  into her rectum while
pumping the banana up her pussy.  Seeing the effect her show had on  the
rest of us, Gary and my  cocks were stiff and ready, Sue  switched holes
and began to press the yellow fruit against her tight anal ring  moaning
while she forced the thick long fruit against her hot anal pucker.   Pam
was urging Sue  on and telling  her that she  wanted to be  the first to
take my cock up her asshole.  Pam's banter got me hard as I watched  Sue
taking the banana up her hot  anus pressing the thick yellow fruit  into
her pink  ass pucker  until she  had a  good 8  inches of the long thick
fruit up her asshole stretching her pink anal ring and making her  pussy
slick with excitement.  Diane fingered her own pussy driving two fingers
deep into her pussy while frigging her clit with her free hand.  Pam got
down on the floor next to Sue and grabbed the Banana from Sue and  began
to ream  Sue's hot  asshole while  licking her  cunt and  clit.  Sue was
thrashing around in the  chair as her climax  came on her hard  and fast
and her pussy juiced  quite a bit wetting  Pam's face as Pam  licked and
sucked Sue's wet slick pussy.

Once Sue had regained her  composure and Pam extracted the  now somewhat
battered  banana  from  Sue's  asshole  we  all  sat down to have lunch.
During our meal Pam and Diane told Gary and I they wanted to get  fucked
up  the  ass  after  lunch  and  the  thought of fucking their tight hot
assholes kept me hard thru the entire meal.  After lunch Sue told us she
had a hot video to set the mood for the afternoon and went to her  purse
and pulled out another of the  Amateur videos that I had grown  to love.
I suggested we move the party into the living room and put my arm around
Diane and Pam  and headed them  towards the living  room as Sue  grabbed
Gary's cock and followed us.  I sat on the couch and Diane came over and
sat to the right of me as Pam  and Gary sat to my left.  Sue popped  the
tape in the player and joined us sitting next to Gary her legs wide open
showing us her slippery  twat.  I put my  hands in Pam and  Diane's laps
and  slipped  a  finger  up  each  of  their very wet pussies.  Gary was
fingering Sue's swollen  pink pussy and  pulling on Pam's  stiff nipples
while Pam fondled my cock and Diane rubbed her own nipples and  massaged
my swollen balls.   Sue layed her  head into Gary's  lap and licked  his
cock and balls as  he played with her  slippery pussy and still  dilated
anus.

The film started and I turned my attention to the story unfolding on the
screen, this film was a organized as a series of shorts all of which had
a different cast of characters.  The  first opened up on a family  scene
at the dinner table  the family was comprised  of Mom and Dad  two older
girls who looked to be in  their late teens and a slightly  younger boy.
The parents who were dressed as thought they were going out were  giving
instructions to the oldest girl who was to be in-charge for the evening.
The oldest daughter who's name was Beth was a tall slim blond with large
tits which were showing nicely thru her thin T-shirt.  Her sister a nice
looking brunette  with small  firm tits  was quietly  eating, her  stiff
nipples obvious against her tank top.  The blond got up and showing  off
her hot body her  lush hips and tight  ass shown off nicely  by her very
short cut off  jeans.  The brunette  was named Jean  and as she  rose to
help her sister clear off the table we were all treated to the sight  of
her  firm  ass  and  slim  thighs  as  she  bent  putting  dishes in the
dishwasher stretching the denim of  her shorts nicely over her  firm ass
cheeks.  Dad's name was Joe and he was on the phone making a call as his
daughters and wife cleaned up.  Cindy the mother was wearing a red dress
which was very low cut showing nice creamy full tits as she moved around
the table.  The boys name was Keith and we watched him looking down  his
mothers dress as she bent to pick up the dinner dishes.  When Keith  got
up he was showing a large bulge in his pants which the girls took notice
of right away.

Shortly their  parents left  for the  evening and  the girls  went up to
their room.  Keith was waiting for his friend Bob to arrive and when Bob
arrived they  went to  Keith's room.   As they  passed the girls bedroom
Keith heard some moaning and  stopped by their door.  With  broad smiles
Keith and Bob listened to  the sounds coming from Keith's  sisters room.
Keith slowly turned the doorknob and pushed the door open a crack.   The
sight that greeted Keith and Bob  had them hard at once.  There  on Beth
bed were Beth and Jean locked in a hot sixty nine Beth was on the bottom
and Keith  and Bob  were looking  at Beth  as she  licked and sucked her
sister Jean's clit thrusting her  finger up Jean's wet pink  pussy.  The
boys watched for a  bit and soon were  treated to a nice  shot of Beth's
hot cunt  as the  sisters rolled  around on  the bed  giving each  other
pleasure.  Bob wanted to  get a better look  and pushed the door  open a
bit more causing  it to creak.   The noise startled  the girls and  they
rolled off the bed in an  attempt to hide.  Keith seeing an  opportunity
to get his sisters to let Bob and him fuck them pushed the door all  the
way open and walked into the  room.  Beth hollered for Keith and  Bob to
leave but Keith just stood their watching his two cowering naked sisters
and enjoying both the view and the feeling of power he was getting  from
their plight.  Keith spoke slowly and calmly telling his sisters that he
would have to tell  mom and dad what  they were doing unless  they would
agree to let Bob  and him join in  the fun.  The girls  were furious but
after a brief  discussion between them  they agreed to  Keith's demands.
On the  condition that  Keith and  Bob get  naked too.   Bob was already
pulling his  shirt out  of his  pants eager  to get  it on  with Keith's
sisters.  Keith stopped him  and told him to  let Jean strip him.   Jean
looked at Beth and they both  stood up letting the boys get  their first
full view of their hot naked bodies.  Bob was stroking his cock thru his
pants as  Jean and  Beth walked  around the  bed and  began to strip the
boys.

Beth took Keith as  Jean worked on Bob,  Beth rubbed her brothers  stiff
prick thru  his pants  and let  him get  a look  at her firm young body.
Beth unbuttoned Keith's shirt  as he rubbed her  tits and pulled on  her
stiff nipples.   As Beth  worked to  strip her  brother Jean already had
Bob's shirt  off and  was undoing  his pants  while Bob  squeezed Jean's
small  firm  tits  and  rolled  her  stiff sensitive nipples between his
fingers.   Jean  pulled  Bob's  pants  and  underwear down in one motion
releasing his throbbing prick  which stood proudly straight  out pulsing
with his accelerated heart beat.   Beth looked down as she  unzipped her
brothers pants and saw Bob's  thick long prick enter her  sister's mouth
as Jean teased Bob taking his thick shaft into her warm wet mouth.   Bob
was thrusting  his cock  forward as  Jean licked  his stiff prick making
Jean's mouth bulge with his stiff long cock.  Beth followed her  sisters
example and soon  had her brother's  stiff prick exposed  and throbbing.
Bending down Beth guided Keith's stiff prick into her mouth finding  the
taste of his  flowing pre-cum very  nice.  Beth took  her brothers stiff
prick deep  into her  mouth and  throat sucking  hard on  his long stiff
prick while reaching up and  massaging his cum filled balls.   The girls
were  sucking  Bob  and  Keith's  cocks  and finding the experience very
exciting.  Keith wanted his first load  to go up his sisters cunt  so he
moved onto  the bed  and told  Beth to  take off  his shoes and pull his
pants of.  Jean pulled her hot mouth of Bob's stiff prick and moved  him
next to Keith  on the bed.   The girls whispered  to each other  telling
each  other  how  turned  on  they  were  at the site of the boy's stiff
pricks.  Jean and Beth  had fucked each other  up the pussy and  asshole
with their fingers and once  with their mother's vibrator and  liked the
feeling of  fullness the  vibrator caused  as it  stretched their  tight
young pussies.  Jean and Beth had been shaving their pussies for about a
year ever since they saw their mother naked in the shower fingering  her
cunt.  Beth and Jean  had started frigging each  other and worked up  to
mutual masturbation and oral sex as their experience and desire for each
other grew.  They had once watched  a poro tape where a couple  of girls
took on the one girl's boyfriend and knew that what was about to  happen
would really be fun.

The boys were as naked as Jean and Beth as the girls stood between their
legs and fingered each others cunts  making the boys hot to fuck.   Beth
crawled up  her naked  brother rubbing  her tits  along his  body as she
stroked his stiff  throbbing cock.  Jean  first licked Bob'  stiff prick
and then rubbed her small firm tits against Bob's chest bring her tit to
Bob's mouth.  Bob began to suck her stiff nipples as she played with his
cock and balls and rubbed the head of Bob's stiff cock head against  her
slippery shaved  pussy rubbing  his stiff  pecker against  her throbbing
clit.  Beth  had moved  over her  brother Keith  and straddled  his face
giving him a great view of  her slippery snatch.  Beth lowered her  face
to Keith's crotch taking his stiff dick deep into her mouth and began to
suck his prick licking up his freely flowing pre-cum.  Keith pulled  his
sister Beth's pussy to his mouth and began to lick her slippery twat  as
she sucked  and deep  throated his  excited prick.   Beth's pussy tasted
great and Keith slipped his tongue up his sister's pussy making her moan
with pleasure.  Jean seeing how much fun Beth and her brother Keith were
having straddled Bob's face and  started sucking his stiff prick  as Bob
pulled Jean's sweet shaved pussy lips to his mouth licking her prominent
clit and forcing  his long tongue  up her juicy  slit.  Keith wanted  to
fuck his sisters  so he begged  Beth to sit  on his cock,  Beth was more
than ready and she  pulled her mouth off  her brother's raging dick  and
turned around and got up over his stiff cock.  Jean watched as her older
sister grabbed their brother's thick long cock and guided it up her cunt
forcing Keith's straining member deep into her exposed wet twat  forcing
her cunt down his thick pole until Keith's long cock was buried deep  in
her pulsing wet slit.  Keith's cock stretched his sister Beth young  hot
cunt as  she drove  her pussy  down his  dick until  her pussy lips were
tightly pressed  against his  swollen balls  and the  root of  his thick
organ stretched her tight pink cunt making her moan with pleasure as she
drove his cock in and out of her stretched pussy.  Bob was begging  Jean
to mount his cock and as she guided his prick into her tight pink  pussy
Jean begged him to fuck her hard and deep.  Jean was driving Bob's  cock
deep into her young tight slit and watching her sister fuck her pussy on
their brother Keith's stiff prick.  The  girls were so turned on by  the
stiff pricks stretching and plunging up their pussies that they climaxed
quickly  forcing  the  boys  to  cum  and  fill their young slits with a
massive load of sperm.

After their  climaxes the  girls rolled  off Keith  and Bob  who's cocks
remained stiff and ready  despite the load of  jism the had just  filled
the girl's cunts with.  Bob told  the girls to eat each other  again and
guided them into a hot sixty  nine position letting the girls lick  each
others cunts lapping  up the boys  sperm.  Bob wanted  to fuck Beth  and
began to rub her stiff nipples and squeeze her firm tits.  Keith watched
Jean lap  his thick  semen from  his sister  Beth's pussy  as he  rubbed
Jean's creamy ass cheeks and massaged her small firm tits pulling on her
stiff pink nipples making her shake with pleasure.  The boys pulled  the
girls part and Bob got Beth on her knees and moved in behind her guiding
his stiff thick cock against  her slippery wet pussy lips.   Beth moaned
as Bob's big  prick began to  spread her slippery  lips and told  Bob to
ream her  pussy.  Bob  thrust forward  driving his  thick cock deep into
Beth's  sperm  soaked  cunt  making  her  moan  with delight as his cock
stretched her young cunt making  her pleasure mouth quickly.  Keith  was
fingering  his  other  sister  Jean's  cunt  and  moved  her  under Beth
positioning  her  so  she  could  lick  Beth's firm hanging tits.  Keith
spread Jean's legs and  let her guide his  cock as he moved  between her
wide  open  legs.   Jean  was  already  licking  her sister Beth's stiff
nipples as her hand  guide her brother Keith's  hard long cock into  her
spermy cunt.  Keith drove his cock up Jean's pulsing cunt and watched as
his sister Beth  sucked Jean's small  firm tits covering  her entire tit
with her mouth  then nipping her  stiff pink nipples.   As Keith stroked
hard and  deep into  his youngest  sister Bob  was wailing  away in hi s
other sister's pussy making her tits jump each time his cock went  fully
up her sopping slit.  Beth was close to climax and Jean was well on  her
way to her own frantic orgasm.  Bob pounded Beth's hot cunt bringing  on
Beth's  climax  feeling  her  tight  teen  pussy  clamp around his stiff
thrusting cock and causing him to  cum with her filling her tight  slick
twat with another big load of sweet sperm.  As Beth came she pinched her
sister Jean's nipples causing her pleasure to peak and her hips to  buck
into her  brother's trusting  cock as  her orgasms  took over  her young
teenage  cunt.   Jean's  tight  spasm  ridden  cunt  clamped down on her
brothers stiff cock forcing him to  climax and spray his hot sperm  deep
into the recesses of her tight  teen pussy.  The boys continued to  fuck
the  girls  until  their  cocks  were  soft and slipped from their sperm
filled slits and  sat back rubbing  the girls as  the moved back  into a
sixty nine position on  their sides and licked  the boy's cum from  each
others well fucked pussies.  The boys left and the scene closed with the
girls licking each others spermy  cunts lapping up the sweet  mixture of
sperm and pussy juice from their swollen pink pussies.

Pam and Diane  were climaxing and  wetting my hands  with their orgasmic
juices as Sue moaned her climax out and Gary finger fucked her hot pussy
and  open  anus.   After  their  climaxes  Diane  and Pat adjusted their
position Pat pulling my  hand to her ass  and pressing my finger  up her
hot tight anus.  Diane  placed her head in  my lap and began  to lick my
stiff cock  as I  noticed Gary  slide his  hand over  her ass and slip a
finger  up  her  tight  very  wet  butt  and  her  slippery  pussy juice
lubricated cunt.  Sue had layed her  head in Gary's lap and was  licking
and sucking his stiff cock.  My attention was brought back to the screen
as the  second short  started and  I knew  I was  bound to  fill Diane's
talented mouth with a hot load  of sperm before long.  The scene  opened
in a bedroom and sho