After I downloaded CUM4YU1.GIF and NBDAY1L.GIF I couldn't wait to display
them on my monitor and get a good look at (the Sysop) Nick's big prick.
The first picture showing Nick holding his fat hardon as it drips with cum was
enough to make my own cock stand right at attention in my pants.  Then when I
looked at the second file and saw that same gorgeous cock being sucked and
licked by two ladies, I wished it was me sucking and licking that big cock and
those tasty balls. 
I could see myself down on my knees in front of Nick.  My tongue snaking out to
lick the throbbing head of his purple cock as it oozes pre-cum.  My tongue
licking the soft skin of his hairy balls.  He puts his hand around his swollen
shaft and starts to pump it slowly.  I take one of his balls into my mouth and 
I roll it around with my tongue.  Nick pulls my head away from his balls and
points his hot cock towards my mouth.  I willing open my mouth and accept his
cock.  It tastes so good.  It sure beats candy in my book!  I swirl my tongue
around the head of his cock as I move it in and out of my mouth.  I heard a moan
from Nick (which means he is enjoying it).  I let his cock go from my mouth and
start to work on his balls again.  Nick starts to pump on his cock, harder and
faster.  I take both of his big balls into my mouth and lick them like crazy as
he strokes himself.  He says "I'm gonna cum!" and points his cock down towards my
face as he shoots wave after wave of fresh hot creamy cum all over my face.  I
can feel his nuts vibrating as his body pumps out wave after wave of that hot
sticky delicious juice.  After he is finished I let his balls fall from my mouth
and I can feel the cum dripping down my face.  I try to catch as much of it on my
tongue as I can...it tastes even better than I had imagined it would.
I look down at my own crotch and see that my own cock has shot a nice big load
all over my desk...Nick will do it to you every time!


