Copyright © 1997, DeathFreak,    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net..








First of all this is fiction, and while incest is illegal in some states I still see nothing wrong with it. As for the beliefs of others, yours dear reader are up to you. If you don't want to read about incest, graphic sex or see graphic language, fine. I suggest you stop reading now before you get offended.
Again this story has the following:
INCEST
GRAPHIC SEX
MALE/FEMALE SEX
GRAPHIC LANGUAGE

STOP NOW IF YOU DON'T WANT TO READ ABOUT IT.

Also if you are under 18 you should stop now, I can't be responsible for it if you don't and your parents kill you because of this. Parents, please keep your kids from reading this, as I know that it may be inappropriate for some ages.

            A summer to remember
                   By DeathFreak

For years my sister and have been lovers. It started when I was ten and she was nine. Now a few weeks after my 19th birthday I came home from college for the summer. I hadn't seen Sarah, my sister, for almost ten months, so we a bit of catching up to do.

Sarah picked me up at the airport alone, so that our parents could get my room ready. As I stepped into the arrival area, I found myself with a gorgeous redhead kissing and hugging me. It took me a minute or two, but then I recognized my little sister in my arms. I got my bags and started to make my way out to Sarah's car, as quickly as I could, but since she wouldn't stop hugging and kissing me, I had to carry her as well. As we left the terminal I heard an older couple I had met on the plane saying, "Bye-bye Jeff, your girlfriend is a beauty." I waved to them as my sister giggled into my shoulder.

We finally made it to her car, and after my bags were in the trunk, I got to give my lovely sister a proper kiss at last. She opened her mouth and twined her tongue around mine while my hands ran over her back and perfect ass. Sarah ground herself against me as she moaned lightly into the kiss. 

I should take a moment to paint you a good picture of Sarah, whom I love as dearly as life itself. She is about five foot three, with long crimson hair that reaches to the middle of her back, and emerald green eyes. Her breasts are firm and round, despite their size, probably a C-cup, but Sarah has never worn a bra so I'm not sure about the specifics. She has a very slim waist and a tight little ass, perfectly sized for my hands. She works out several times a week as part of her gymnastics routine, so she can pick me up even though I weigh fifty pounds more than she does and stand six inches taller.

We are often mistaken for boyfriend and girlfriend, because I am so much taller then she is, as well as the facts that I dye my blonde hair black and wear glasses that totally obscure my eye color, only Sarah knows that they're actually blue.

We broke the kiss a few minutes later and got into the car. Since I still don't have my driver's license, Sarah had to drive, leaving me free to run my hands over her thighs and toy with her pussy. I massaged her thighs from knees to the bottom of her skirt, slowly to tease. I have always love to tease my little sister, although my motives have changed somewhat over the years.

"Jeff, quit that. I'm trying to drive." She had no conviction in her tone whatsoever, so when I didn't stop rubbing her thighs she just grinned at me and let it go at that. I discovered why she was grinning when I allowed myself to get under her skirt. As I reached the top of her legs and moved in towards her pussy, I noticed some thing was missing. Her panties to be exact.

"Surprise!!"

I was floored. I had stopped wearing underwear when I was about thirteen, but could do no more than convince Sarah not to wear a bra. All my efforts to get her to just forget her panties came to nothing for five years. So when I found her not wearing them I was rather speechless. She wasn't done yet though.

"That's not all Jeffry. Look!" Sarah unbuttoned the front of her skirt with one hand, and then flashed her pussy at me.

I had almost recovered form the last shock, but this one left me astounded and breathless. Not just bare but BALD! There was no trace of hair on her pussy. I didn't move or speak for several minutes; I just stared at my little sister's cunt.

"Do you like it?" she asked, a slight hint of concern in her voice. "A few of my friends at school were talking about how much hair their boyfriends like on a pussy, and one of them mentioned that she kept her pussy totally shaved. I decide I'd like to try it, and since you were coming home I shaved it all off last night. If you don't like it I'll stop." She sounded near to tears and had started to cover herself up again.

I stopped her and told her to pull off of the road. I was still just staring at her cunt, and I think Sarah knew what I had in mind. "You did this just for me?" I asked, not quite able to concentrate on more than her hairless pussy.

"Who else would it be for?" she returned. "I still don't have a boyfriend, you know. I love you too much to be with anyone else," she added.

I finally tore my gaze from her, and thought about what she had just said. This meant that she felt the same way I did, but we both were sure that if any one knew about us it would all be over. We didn't want that, so we kept it a secret, for nine years we had done so, but now... it would take all of our control to keep it unknown. I didn't even want to think of what it would be like when I had to go back to school. "I thought I said to get off the road."

"I'm looking for a good spot where we won't be bothered." Yes, she definitely knew what I had in mind. "It should be somewhere safe, so you can just wait, young man." My sister, the princess of sarcasm.

A minute later we were off the road and onto an unpaved trail. We were definitely going to be alone.

When Sarah finally shut off the car, I was out and getting some things out of my carry-on bag in a matter of seconds. Sarah on the other hand, was a bit slower getting out, and when she did she wanted to know what I was getting and why. "I'm getting out a blanket and some condoms. Why? Because your backseat is too small and the ground is a bit hard, and because I don't want you to get pregnant."

"But I'm on the pill, we don't need the condoms."

"Oh." I thought about this for a minute. "Fuck the rubbers. Why are you still wearing your top? No reason to waste time." Having said this I spread the blanket on the ground and started pulling off my clothes. "You're still wearing it."

"Jeffry, I want you to take it off for me. Like you used to." She gave me a little smile and waited. As I stood up she raised her arms so that I could take her top off of her easier. When I had it above her tits I saw something that I had almost forgotten about, I had pierced her right nipple before I left for college last fall. I pulled her top over her head and tossed it into the car with my clothes.

When I turned back to my sister she was lying on the blanket pulling on her unpierced nipple and had her other hand rubbing her thighs. I lay down next to her and started to suck on her nipple and I pulled her hand from her pussy so that I could play with her newly shaved cunt. She reached for my rock hard cock moaning, "Oh Jeffry I missed your touch sooo much, now I have you back and I am so hot for you. Oooh yes, you still know how to turn me on so fast, yes, yes there, oh god, I'm cumming oooh god, yes!!" I could hardly believe she came that fast, but I wasn't ready to fuck her yet.

I pulled my mouth off of her nipple, tugging at the ring as I did, and licked my soaking fingers clean sharing them with Sarah. I kissed her, tasting the flavor of her pussy on her lips before telling her, "Now I'm gonna eat that little shaved snatch of yours and maybe if you're good I'll fuck you afterwards, ok?" I moved between her legs and looked at her sweet lips, but she stopped me before I could get a taste of her juices.

"No, not that way," she said. "Get under me so I can suck you while I ride your face." I lay down on my back and Sarah held her pussy over my face as she licked the head of my ultra-stiff rod. When I tried to lick her pussy she pulled her hips up, teasing me. I grabbed her ass and pulled her down onto my waiting mouth, tonguing her hot, wet clit and labia for the first time in months. She was so sweet that I nearly shot my load in her mouth, but I quickly told her so and she took my cock out of her mouth, only to put it back in seconds later, swallowing all nine inches. I could feel her throat contracting around my cock as I fucked my little sister's mouth. I could sense her coming orgasm but I didn't realize how close she or I really was. She ground herself on my face and had another orgasm, pushing me over the edge. I shot five or six wads of cum down her throat while she was flooding all over my face.

I groaned when I realized I had just blown my wad, forgetting that my baby sister had the amazing talent of keeping me rock hard, even after two or three consecutive orgasms. She pulled away from my dick, stroking it to keep it hard, and got off of me saying, "Was that good enough to get my pussy filled, big brother? Don't play around now Jeff, I need you inside me so badly, you're still hard and I won't let up till I get fucked good and hard."

Now I could never argue with Sarah and win so I pulled her down to the blankets and rolled on top of her. I kissed her and spread her legs with my knee, while she moaned and thrust against my body. I got between her legs as she reached down and guided my cock into her dripping slit. I slowly pressed the head against the entrance to her pussy and teased her some by just letting the head into her before I pulled it back. She pounded my back and shouted, "IF YOU DON'T FUCK ME NOW I'LL KILL YOU!!!!"

With that I pushed my ramrod stiff prick all the way to the hilt, hitting her cervix when I was fully inside of her. Sarah had another orgasm and was screaming her head off in incoherent sentences. I just started pound into her at that point, feeling her super-tight pussy gripping me, clenching at my cock in her orgasmic joy. I fucked her as hard as I could, stringing her along through four more orgasms in the next few minutes, she was delirious with pleasure, screaming my name as I slammed into her cunt, fucking the hell out of my just recently turned eighteen-year-old sister. I could feel her tight sheath around my dick, she was so hot I could tell I wasn't going to last too much longer.  As I felt my own orgasm coming she had her next, finishing me off, and I just exploded into her flooding cunt as she just started to have a final orgasm.

I collapsed onto her and she kissed my neck and ran her hands through my hair. "I love you Jeff, I love you too much for words. You are not to leave me again, do you understand?" my sister asked, between kisses.

"I love you too Sarah. I have an apartment off campus lined up for next year, so why not enroll at my college? We can talk mom and dad into it and it would be perfect for us to stay with each other, for the next few years at least. After that it won't matter, as we can do whatever we want." This was something I had planned to ask her later, but now was as good a time as any.

"Yes Jeffry I'd love that, but now we should get home so you can see mom and dad. What time is it, how long were we making love?"

I looked at my watch and said we had left the airport almost an hour ago. "But it's no big deal, we'll just say we stopped so I could get something to eat and we lost track of time, it seems close enough to the truth to me. After all they wouldn't me to starve would they." If my parents only knew what I had for a snack they'd have heart attacks.


To Be Continued... soon I hope.





























--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....