		       How I Spent the Summer
		       After My Freshman Year

    During my freshman year in college I became a really hot little number.
I'd not only lost my virginity, I'd also learned how to fulfill my desires
at parties with both men and women.  I also learned that many of the people
I met would love for me to suck their cocks or cunnies.  I'd stopped wear-
ing a bra (even though my boobs were so small I really didn't need one) to
advertise that I was liberated.  When I got home from college, my mother
was none too happy about the microskirts and the braless look.	She kept
telling me I looked like a little slut.  If only she knew that's exactly
what I wanted to look like to people who were looking for a little slut to
join them for some fun!

    I guess the reason we have summer vacations is so students can work for
a few months so they'll have money for pizza during the school year.  So, I
found a job as an orderly in a nursing home.  I expected this would be a
really boring and depressing job with all the old geezers.  I had no real
experience so my job was to help the nurses and to read and write letters
for the patients.  It was pretty boring work and I often found myself think-
ing about some of the nurses who turned me on.	One day I finished a letter
for on of the patients, wished him well, and left.  A few minutes later I
realised I'd left something on his night stand and went back to retrieve it.
I was surprised that this guy who was almost 85 had his eyes closes and was
fisting his hard cock.	I stood there mesmerized.  I shut the door as quietly
as I could but he heard it click and became rather embarassed.	I locked the
door behind me and walked over to him asking him what was wrong.  He was very
apologetic about my catching him and confessed that I'd turned him on.  He
seemed worried that I'd be upset.  I was a bit surprised that I wasn't.  But,
how could I be upset with a guy with a nice hard cock that wanted to pay me
homage.  I gently kissed him on the forehead and told him it was okay and put
my hand over his and started stroking.	His face got that pleased smile that
all men get when they're getting stroked.

    He wondered what I was doing when I told him to remove his hand but when
he felt my soft nineteen year old hand on his cock, he relaxed and enjoyed
the sensations.  He said something about not having had sex with a woman for
almost eight years and that this was the first erection he'd had in 18 months.
I cooed that we should make the most of it and then lowered my mouth to his
cock.  He didn't last very long before he filled my mouth with his sperm.  I
was a bit surprised at how much jizz he generated.  I made certain to visit
him every day and he was soon sucking my pussy and even fucking me with me on
top.  The doctors seemed very surprised at his recovery and he was released
in early August.

    One day when I went to visit him I met a girl about my age leaving the
house.	He told me she was his great-granddaughter!  She seemed to give me
the once over.	I thought she wondered why I was visiting her great-grand-
father and I smiled to myself and wondered if she'd be shocked to know that
I was fucking him.  I was pretty smug when I realized I was sort of her sur-
rogate great-grandmother.  We had a pretty good session that day and I want
home as satisfied as I left him.

    The next day was a Saturday and I decided to shop for my back to college
things.  I went downtown and was surprised to find the girl I'd met the day
before working in one of the stores I visited.	She calmly came over to wait
on me.	We were alone and she surprised me by thanking me for what I was do-
ing for her great-grandfather.	She said that she knew he'd never have left
the nursing home if it weren't for me.  I whispered that I was going to miss
him when I went back to college in September.  She became morose and said she
hoped he would survive the separation.	I suggested she find another young
girl to help him, maybe one of her college classmates.	She said she just
couldn't go up to one of her classmates and ask them to fuck her grea-grand-
father.  I smiled and said that I suspect that any girl who knew what a stud
he was would eagerly hop into his bed.	She seemed surprised that he was a
stud so I suggested she drop by and catch us in the act after work.  That idea
excited her.

    I arrived at her great-grandfather's home around 5 PM and we began to
fuck and suck.	I was having a really good time because I knew that Kelly
would catch us and that I would surprise both Kelly and her great-grand-
father by doing her while she watched.	We were in a torrid 69 when I heard
Kelly's shocked scream.  I looked up as she went into her act calling me a
little slut and hitting me with a pillow.  I fended off the blows and pushed
her away, knocked her down, and then jumped on her.  I screamed back at her
that I wasn't a slut that I loved her great-grandfather.  She snarled back
that I didn't that she did and that I didn't know what love was all about.
i slapped her hard across the face and accused her of being jealous, but
said I didn't know if she was jealous of me because I was getting fucked by
her great-grandfather or jealous of him because he was getting to fuck me.
She twisted and turned under me and I pulled off her skirt.  She called me
a bitch and slapped me across the face knocking me off her.  I rolled over,
pulled aside her panties, and buried my tongue up her pussy.  She began to
writhe and moan and was soon begging me not to stop.  Her great-grandfather
sat on the bed and stroked his cock.  I soon positioned my pussy over her
face.  I don't know if she'd ever eaten pussy before, but Kelly made me come
in about three minutes.  After I'd made her come several times, I got off
her and pulled her to her knees.  I began to suck her great-grandfather's
cock and then guided her head to it.  She feebly protested but once the head
touched her lips, she eagerly sucked it until he erupted down her throat.

    We rested and I told her that she needn't ask one of her classmates to
help her great-grandfather.  She looked at him and said that she'd known
that we were doing it for about a month and that she hated me because she
wanted to trade places with me.  I said that we could both help him and
that she would have her great-grandfather to herself in September but that
i would be back during the year and in May.  We then had the first of many
threesomes that were to continue until the old man died at 98.	(Kelly and
I are still very close.)

					Freckles
of many
threesomes that were to continue until the old man died at 98.	(Kelly and
I are still very close.