(c) Copyright 1997 Deek   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




                            Summer Nap
                             By Deek

     It was my fifteenth summer when they came up to my room for 
the first time together, Gayle and Cathy.

     I had cut the grass that July afternoon, and then lain down 
to take a nap.  It was Saturday, and I had been up particularly 
early that morning to deliver my papers and collect for them.  
After finishing some other chores, and the grass, and taking my 
shower, I was pretty well pooped.  Mom was in the basement 
ironing clothes.  I didn't have anything else I had to do until 
after supper; so, I went to bed for a while.  I heard the girls 
giggling and whispering on the stairs; trying to sneak up on me, 
I guess.
     They weren't doing such a great job of it; because I wasn't 
really asleep yet, and they were incapable of stealth.  Gayle was 
twelve, going on thirteen in about two weeks, and Cathy was only 
eleven.  I remember that Gayle's birthday would be in July, 
because I had given her a little gift the previous year.  It was 
a gold-plated-sterling birthstone bracelet, not very expensive, 
but she really seemed to enjoy it--and I noticed that she wore it 
almost all the time.  I had bought it for my girlfriend; but then 
we broke up before I ever got to give it to her.  Gayle had 
admired it one time when she was visiting me up in my room (she 
lived across the street and pretty much had the run of our 
house); so I had just made her a present of it on an impulse.  
Her birthday had been coming up in about a week, anyway; so I had 
an excuse to give it to her.  Besides, you couldn't exactly give 
a birthstone bracelet to somebody who wasn't born that month; so 
she was the perfect candidate.  It looked good with her jet-black 
hair and blue eyes.  I remember feeling glad I had decided to let 
her have it.
     She certainly seemed to appreciate it; I'll say that!  She 
had given me a kiss on the cheek and a big hug; and I remember 
noticing that she was starting to fill out just a little bit.  
She had just the beginning of little mounds the size of 
marshmallows where her breasts would be, and I felt them against 
my chest as she gave me a long hug that day - a whole year before.  
     I hadn't really noticed, before then, that she was starting 
to grow up.  I do remember my cock starting to rise while she was 
still holding me, though.  Maybe it was my imagination, but I 
think she noticed it too.  She kind of rubbed her hip against it 
before she finally broke away and ran downstairs to show the 
bracelet to her brother Bobby.  He was playing cards in our 
kitchen with a couple of the other neighborhood kids that 
afternoon.

     But this particular afternoon, a year later, I already had 
my hard-on when I heard them coming up the stairs.  It was in my 
fifteen year-old nature that, whenever I tried to take a nap or 
go to sleep for any reason, I started to daydream about sex, and 
this was no exception.  I don't remember what I had been thinking 
about exactly, but I do remember that I had been toying with my 
cock with my hand under the waistband of my briefs, and that I 
had a raging erection when I first heard them giggling.

     Everything was quiet for half a minute or so; then I heard 
the door opening slowly, and their excited breathing as they 
entered the room.  I guess my mom had told them that I was trying 
to take a nap, or they would have just bounded up the stairs as 
usual.  I was slightly embarrassed by the hard-on, and I didn't 
want them to see it.  So when I heard them at the door, I turned 
on my left side and pulled my knees up a little so it wouldn't 
show under the sheet.
     Of course, I pretended to be asleep.  Cathy went over and 
sat in my desk chair, across the room from my bed, took a pencil, 
and started drawing or writing something.  I could see between my 
very-slightly-open eyelids that it was Cathy at the desk with her 
long blonde hair; dressed in shorts.  Gayle had on a short red 
skirt and a white elastic top, and was standing beside the bed.  
She gave my arm a little shake and said, "David?  David?  Are you 
awake?"
     I decided to remain "asleep."  I had no shirt on, and the 
sheet covered me from mid-belly down.  I don't know if it looked 
as if I were naked, but I could tell soon enough that Gayle 
decided to find out!  I felt her hand's warmth under the sheet.  
Cathy was busy at the desk and paying no attention to what was 
going on over by the bed; but the back of Gayle's right hand, 
creeping, creeping, soon found its way to my throbbing cock.
     Of course, I had anticipated its arrival, and now my hard-on 
was like a rock!  Her fingers preceded the back of her hand, and 
they had barely brushed the side of my erection before the 
knuckles arrived, and elevated my cock at least an inch.  When 
she realized what it was, Gale stopped cold.  Her breathing 
stopped too.  I am sure she was afraid that she would wake me up.  
Not a chance, Gayle!  I wasn't waking up and scaring her away!  
This was interesting!
     I strained a little and made it jump.  Now, that got her 
attention!  Her hand jerked back like it had been burned!  But 
only a few inches.  She stayed perfectly still for about fifteen 
seconds, and then I felt her hand creeping back.  My cock could 
feel its warmth from two or three inches away, even through my 
thin briefs--that's how I knew.  This time, though, it was her 
fingers that touched me first, about halfway down the shaft, and 
on the underside, since I was basically facing her with my knees 
pulled up a bit.  She rubbed ever-so-gently up and down along the 
shaft with the backs of her fingers, kind of getting an idea of 
the dimensions of it, I suppose.  Then she pressed against it 
with her knuckles two or three places along its length, as if she 
were testing the hardness.  When she got to the head of it, just 
below the elastic of my shorts, my peter jumped again.  Reflex 
this time, I couldn't have helped it if I'd wanted to--but this 
time, she only pulled away for a second.  Gayle had been studying 
my face up to now to be sure I was asleep, but now her eyes 
became fixed on the sheet beneath which she was feeling me up, 
though there wasn't really anything she could see.  She studied 
it, though, as if she had x-ray vision.  Maybe she was thinking 
about her next move.  

     I had pre-cum pouring out of me at that point!  As a matter 
of fact, I could have come in an instant with just a little 
directed stimulation.  My shorts were wet all around the head of 
my cock now, and Gayle noticed that: her fingers brushed against 
the wetness casually in the course of getting my dimensions, but 
then came back and began to concentrate on the area which was wet 
and getting wetter.  Every time she would drag her fingers over 
the rim of the head of my pulsating organ, it would jump a 
little.  She seemed to like that, and took to rubbing the whole 
head of it gently back and forth with her fingertips, through my 
briefs.  It felt great!  I had never even been touched by a girl 
before; only by myself.  I was always fairly vigorous with my 
jacking off, but Gayle seemed about to make me come by just 
rubbing barely perceptibly across the tip of my cock!
     My charade of being asleep was, I thought, failing me.  My 
breathing had quickened considerably, and I couldn't suppress a 
little groan when she had rubbed back and forth over the head of 
my seat of pleasure.  My cock was beginning to hurt from being 
confined by the briefs.  I turned on my back, away from Gayle, 
and as I did so, I quickly and secretly re-arranged my cock a 
bit--at least so it wasn't bent--with my right hand.  Now the 
head was actually underneath the elastic of my briefs, and it 
pulled the elastic away from my belly a bit.  It didn't take 
Gayle long to find it.  After I turned on my back, and after a 
minute's pause, she began gently to rub my belly, starting around 
my belly button, and up and down in widening strokes.  She had 
pulled the sheet up, not down, with her left hand as she started 
this.  Her right hand, stroking up and down across my belly, 
didn't take long to encounter the head of my prick.  When she 
did, she stopped with her hand against it, and her fingers just 
under the waistband of the briefs.  She kind of had the head of 
it trapped between her thumb and the base of her second finger, 
and she started to give little squeezes which made it jump again 
every time.  It felt wonderful!
     This time, though, I was sure it didn't scare her any 
longer.  She ran the whole palm of her hand over the head of my 
prick, after slowly working her hand under the elastic band of my 
shorts, then grasped the shaft of it with her whole hand, and 
pulled ever so gently--just kind of playing with it.  That gave 
her a slick palm, though, for sure!  I felt it squirt, a glob of 
pre-cum probably the size of a small marble.  She must have felt 
it, too, because first she dragged her fingers over the head 
while closing her fist, then she took her fist out from under the 
sheet and opened it up, studying it.  She then took the index 
finger of her left hand and kind of rubbed back and forth in the 
goo, testing, I'm sure, how slick it was; and then--she tasted 
it.
     I'll remember that scene for the rest of my life!  One of my 
life's little freeze frames--and I can see it now as clearly as if 
it happened ten minutes ago, though now it has been ten years.  She 
kind of contemplated her right palm for a few seconds, rubbed 
that pre-cum with the left index finger and looked at the little 
sticky string it made, and then suddenly brought the palm up to 
her mouth, sniffed it, and licked it.  Just a little lap at first 
with the tip of the tongue, but then she gave it a frank lick.  

     It was as if she liked it, and I think she did.  I was really 
into this now, and I was delighted when she decided to go after 
more:

     This time she used both hands.  The left went to the 
waistband of the shorts and slowly, slowly, pulled them down in 
front, while the right frankly grabbed my cock--gently, with 
fingers around the far side and the thumb in front.  This pulled 
the sheet down until my cock was half-exposed to daylight.  She 
didn't like this (perhaps because she didn't want Cathy to be 
onto this game) so she quickly took the upper hand off my penis 
and tugged the sheet up again.  The left hand was still on the 
waistband and was brushing my balls.  This evidently excited her 
interest, because now she took both hands and ever-so-slowly 
pulled my briefs down to below the level of my balls.  I had 
wondered whether she really thought I was asleep; but it was 
obvious that she did: anyway, it seemed like she was taking no 
chances.  I could hardly detect the movement as she pulled my 
briefs down.  It must have taken her two minutes to do it, but 
she finally got them down, all right.  It was tough waiting for 
her to get on with it!
     She explored the balls with the left hand while she resumed 
the grip on the shaft with her right.  Her touch was so light on 
my testicles that it was almost like she was just tickling the 
few hairs I had down there.  Then she gently kind of jacked the 
right hand up toward the head of my cock, and pre-cum literally 
poured out, down over her hand and up to stain the outside of the 
sheet.  I remember that it really felt great!  There was quite a 
wad built up, and I could feel it exit the end of my cock like a 
little cuming.  She quickly wiped off the slippery head with her 
fingers (and that felt divine!) to prevent more from getting on 
the sheet.  I think my hips kind of twitched when she did that.  
I couldn't help it, even though I was trying to stay perfectly 
still.  I didn't want her to stop!

     "What's that?" said Cathy, noticing the tent and the wet 
spot on the sheet, even from across the room.  She had evidently 
been watching only for a few seconds.  "Shhh!" responded Gayle, 
"Com'ere and I'll let you see, but you gotta' promise to keep 
quiet--he's asleep!" "OK!" whispered Cathy, and she got up, went 
to the door and locked it before she came over to the bed!  A 
little conspirator, that one!
     When she got there, there wasn't much to see.  Gayle had 
both hands under the sheet--that was about it.  It didn't keep 
Cathy from finding out, though.  She climbed on the bed; and 
started feeling my cock through the sheet.  Gently, but it was 
obvious that she knew what this was all about.  "Uuuuu, neat!" 
she whispered, "His thing is real hard!  I saw my brother Bobby 
playing with his, once, when he was in the bathroom, and it 
looked hard, too.  He was taking a long time, so I looked through 
the keyhole, and I could see him pulling on it!  Let's pull the 
sheet down!  I want to see it really good!"
     Gayle didn't say anything, but took her right hand out from 
under the sheet and started pulling her side down real slowly.  
Cathy got the idea, and did her side at the same time, lifting 
the sheet up so that it didn't drag along my belly.  They 
carefully laid the sheet down about mid-thigh, leaving me totally 
exposed.  The air was cool on my wet cock.

     "Gaaah!" whispered Cathy, "He has lots of hair around it!  
And look!  The end of it's purple!"
     "Yeah," said Gayle, sounding a little short of breath, "and 
look at the clear stuff there on the end--it's real slicky!  Mary 
Hillman told me stuff comes out when guys are real excited.  
That's the stuff that has the seeds in it."
     "Well, MAYbe.  .  .," said Cathy, ".  .  .  but the stuff I 
saw come out of Bobby's didn't look clear like that, and a whole 
lot came out at one time.  It shot up in the air!  About a 
glassful!"  I really think she remembered it as being that much.  
She must have been impressed.
     "Oh, yeah?" whispered Gayle?  "Well, what did that stuff 
look like?"
     "It looked like kind of runny paste to me," responded Cathy, 
"like we use in art to make paper shiny."
     "Watch this," said Gayle, and she touched the end of my cock 
with her finger, stringing out the pre-cum to what must have been 
six inches.
     "Oh!" breathed Cathy, "You made his thing jump!"
     "Yeah.  It jumps if you touch it on the end, or if you 
squeeze it.  Go ahead, but don't do it hard!" Gayle whispered.
     Cathy started exploring like Gayle had before.  She gave the 
end a little pinch, and my cock jumped again.  She liked that, 
and repeated it three or four times.  Then, she started gently 
petting and stroking my cock like it was a cocker spaniel instead 
of a cock!  She explored my balls with her fingers, and gave them 
a little squeeze, too.  I could see Gayle, and I could see what 
Cathy was doing, but I couldn't see her face, because my head was 
turned slightly to the left, and I didn't dare move it.  Gayle 
had her left hand resting on my thigh just below my balls, but it 
was her right hand that got my attention.  She had her right foot 
resting on the bed frame, which elevated her right knee, splayed 
over to the right.  Her hand was under her skirt, and inside her 
panties.  I could see that she was rubbing her little pussy very 
slowly as she watched Cathy petting and playing with my prick.  
Her breathing was rapid, and her eyes were bright.
     "CATHY!" came a shout from downstairs.  "YOUR MOM WANTS 
YOU!"  It was Bobby's voice; I recognized it.  Gayle's hand came 
out of her pants like she had been caught with her hand in a 
cookie jar.  You could hear the slap of the elastic against her 
belly.  Cathy froze for a second, then quickly scooted down and 
hopped off the end of the bed and ran to the door, unlocking it.  
She stuck her head out and half-shouted back, "O.K.!  Just a 
sec!" Turning to Gayle, she whispered, "See you later!  Be 
careful--don't wake him up!"
     "O.K.!  said Gayle, "I gotta go home in a minute, too."  As 
Cathy exited, Gayle went over to the door; turned the knob and 
shut it silently; and then slowly turned the lock in the center 
of the knob to lock it again.  That pleased me greatly!  I don't 
think I have ever felt so horny before, or since, that afternoon.  
I certainly didn't want her to go home in a minute: but I don't 
think she really meant it when she told Cathy that.
     
     Because now, wonder of wonders, Gayle reached under her 
short skirt and pulled off her underpants!  She stepped out of 
them, and walking around to the side of the bed, stuffed them 
under the sheet, next to my knee.  Next, she went to the foot of 
the bed, and slowly, slowly, crawled up to lie beside me, on my 
right side, with her head propped up on her left hand, just 
opposite the head of my prick.  She gently put her hand around my 
cock again, and very slowly began working the loose skin up and 
down the shaft, never quite pulling it all the way over the head, 
but pulling it up slightly over the rim--enough that it felt 
great.  If she had kept it up another ten strokes, I swear I 
would have shot all over the place!  It felt like I was living on 
the edge of the biggest cum of my life, anyway.
     Then she really tried me.  She leaned over, and put her leg 
across mine, with her little pussy pressed against my right 
thigh, hot and wet, then pulled my prick slightly toward her, and 
kissed the head of it.  Next, she licked the little slit in the 
end of it, gathering up the pre-come with the tip of her tongue.  
My prick jumped again, then, I'll tell you!  It didn't move far, 
because she had a pretty good hold on it with that right hand.  I 
couldn't help it: a little sigh escaped my lips when she did 
that.  The sensation was just indescribable--serious pleasure, 
unlike anything I had ever felt beforeI  I just couldn't help
making a noise.  That made her freeze for about half a minute.
     But then she sat up, and moving slowly, straddled me with 
her hot little cunt over my balls.  I could tell exactly where it 
was, because she was just radiating heat.  I couldn't see 
anything, because her skirt was in the way.  She fixed that soon 
enough, though, because she wanted to see, too.  She pulled the 
skirt up and rolled it a couple of times so it would stay out of 
the way.
     Then I had a perfect view of her little cunt.  It was the 
first time I had ever seen one up close, of course.  Her mound 
was covered with sparse, fine, straight hairs, which didn't look 
as dark as the hair on her head.  There weren't enough of them to 
hide anything, though, and I could see her little clit, swollen 
and pink, tenting up the front part of her pussy lips, which were 
darker red, and rigid.  She was really wet.  You could see that 
her whole pussy was shining and slick-looking.  She grabbed my 
cock again, gently, and started wanking it up and down slowly.  
At the same time, she took the middle finger of her other hand 
and started rubbing the base of her little clitoris.  She did it 
like she knew what she was doing.  I think she had done herself 
before.  This went on for about half a minute, and she started 
breathing really hard, then went into a spasm.  She let go of my 
prick, traded hands on her clit, holding the edge of the skirt up 
and kind of pushing in on her stomach with the left hand, while 
rapidly rubbing the base of her clit with the middle finger of 
her right.  Her long, slim legs gripped mine, and she rose up 
slightly off my legs at the same time she was gripping them with 
her knees.  Her head went back almost like she was looking at the 
ceiling.  She let out a kind of a strangled, whispered cry, and 
then slowly settled back down on my legs, with her pussy over my 
delighted balls.  She breathed rapidly for a couple of minutes, 
and then she kind of relaxed for a while, with her weight on my 
legs.

     She rested a minute, and then she made my day again.  She 
slowly waddled forward on her knees until her cunt was over the 
mid-shaft of my penis, and gently let herself down on it.  I 
remember how hot her cunt felt against my cool penis.  She stayed 
still for a few seconds, then raised up a little and scooted 
forward until the head of my prick was right under her clit, and 
slowly descended again.  Now she started rubbing herself gently 
forward and back on the head of my prick.
     That was the best feeling I had ever had in my life!  I 
started moaning slightly.  I couldn't help it.  Then I blinked my 
eyes a few times and opened them as if I were just waking up.  
She started to jump up, but I trapped her with my hands on her 
hips, under her skirt.
     "No!" I whispered, "Don't get up!  That feels great!  God!  
Keep it up!"
     She was torn between running and staying, but she couldn't 
move, anyway, because I had a good hold on her hips.  Finally, 
she relaxed a little.  I didn't waste any time.  I was ready.  I 
started moving her back and forth again slowly over my cock, 
while hunching up at her.  In a moment, she started helping.
     "Ohhh, David!" she said, "It feels kind of like I have to 
pee, and kind of like I need to do it faster!"
     "Faster!" I said.  I could feel the little lump of her clit 
slide over the head of my cock, and then the major heat and 
tingle as her little hole bumped over it, back and forth, again 
and again.  Her legs started to grip me harder and I could hear 
her breathing getting really fast again.  Then it happened.  She 
started to come again--and as she did, she picked up the pace 
even more.  She leaned forward and put her hands on my chest.  
Almost her whole weight was pressing against my prick, and she 
was hunching at it spasmodically.
     And then, I came.  I mean, Bigtime!

     The white cum squirted out from under her pussy onto my 
pubic hair once, twice, three times in great gobs.  It looked as 
if she were the one doing the squirting from the area of her 
clit.  The parts where we were in contact became instantly even 
more slicky, and then I felt the head of my prick enter her little 
hole just an inch or so on two or three of her spasmodic strokes.  
She would pull back a little bit when that happened, but didn't 
seem to suffer any great pain.  She was too busy coming, herself, 
to notice.  I certainly felt it, though: the sensation of the head
of my cock being squeezed and nipped by her spasming cunt as I
jetted my come into her seemed to heighten the sensation a
hundred times. I will never forget that moment.  It is my own 
personal definition of "ecstasy."

     In a few moments, she stopped the hunching at me, and just 
collapsed forward onto my chest with her forehead against my 
neck, and started sobbing.
     "What's wrong?" I said.  "I hope we didn't hurt you!"  
     I was in a little bit of a panic.  I didn't want to think I
had damaged her permanently!  And I didn't know whether maybe we
had broken something.  I wasn't too sophisticated about all that,
at the time.  I had heard you could make a girl bleed, but she
hadn't done any bleeding.
     "Oh, no!" she sobbed, "It just felt soooo good!"
     Relieved, I hugged her a little tighter, and held her close
to me. I rubbed her bottom gently with both hands for a minute
after that. I noticed that she was keeping my rapidly-softening
and very sensitive penis pressed against the entrance to her pussy.
Sensitive as I was, it still felt great.
     "Gayle, I loved it!  That was sooo wonderful!  We can't tell
anyone about this, though!  We might get in trouble."
     "I'm not going to tell anybody, silly!" she murmured, her 
jaw moving against my chest, "You might not ever let me do it 
again!  That white stuff is cum--the seed stuff--right?  Does it 
feel real good when it comes out?  You sounded like it did!"

     "Oh, I'll let you do it again, all right," I said, "And 
yeah--that white stuff is cum.  It feels really great when it 
squirts out, but we've got it all over everything!"
     "I'll help clean it up!" she said.  She reached under the 
sheet and got her panties, which were pale yellow cotton.  First, 
she wiped herself between the legs, and then wiped the cum off 
the bottom of her stomach and her pubic hair.  Then she cleaned 
me up, and gave my softening cock a little kiss.  Next, she 
hesitated a couple of seconds, gave me a look that was almost 
apologetic, and took almost the whole thing in her mouth and 
sucked it while she slowly pulled it out with her lips firmly 
compressing it.  Gayle seemed to like the taste of my cum.  At 
least, she didn't look as if it bothered her at ALL to drain the 
last couple of drops.  My cock got half hard again when she did 
that.  She kind of flopped it back and forth, playing with it.  
Then she gave it a little pat, hopped down off the bed, and put 
her soaking panties back on.
     "I GOTTA go home," she said reluctantly, "It's almost
suppertime!  See ya tomorrow!"
     "See ya," I said.  I wanted to ask her what TIME tomorrow!  
But I didn't.
     She unlocked the door, and left.  I could hear her tromping 
down the stairs, humming.  She seemed to be in a great mood!
     I was, too!  I think I loved her a lot just then.

     And that was their first visit to my room together, Gayle 
and Cathy's.  It wasn't their last--I was a lucky young man 
that long, delicious summer.  One or the other came to see me two
or three times a week for months, and frequently it was both.

     Hey--THEY were lucky, too.  I made a great plaything!















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....



