Summer
by deirdre

Ms. Wood didn't usually fill in for our regular gym teacher when he 
was out--in fact she only ever did that one time.  I guess they didn't 
manage to get a regular substitute.  Ms. Wood was one of the girls' 
gym teachers.

She was pretty strict with us and it was actually a pretty normal 
gym class--we went through a normal set of warm-up exercises and 
continued our basketball drills which is what we had been working 
on.  But when we were heading back, she stopped me for a moment 
and asked if I had study hall later in the day during fifth period.  I 
told her I did, and she asked if I could come assist her with some 
things.  I agreed, and she told me to dress out and come to her office.

Well, that intrigued me.  Ms Wood is fairly good looking--with short 
blond hair and a very athletic body.  As a normal red-blooded, high-
school boy, I certainly started thinking about some of the more 
outlandish things she might want from me, but actually, I was 
stymied--I had no idea, except maybe to help with a class or to help 
with some equipment.

Well, I knocked on her door as soon as I was dressed and Ms. Wood 
said to come in.  She was sitting at her desk, doing some paperwork 
and she didn't even look up.  The office was small, with the desk and 
a file cabinet against one wall, and only a little walking space along 
the opposite wall.  There wasn't any window.

After a few seconds, she looked up at me and almost looked 
surprised to see me there.  She told me to shut the door, and then she 
told me to turn around and face the wall!  I was confused, but I did 
it.  Her mind seemed to be back on her paperwork before I had even 
turned around.  I just stood there looking at the wall, listening to 
her writing and moving papers.

"Don't turn around."  Her voice almost made me jump out of my skin 
after the minute or so of relative silence.

"Yes m'am."  I really didn't know what to say, much less do except to 
do as she asked.

Then there was another knock at the door.

"Come in," she said.  I heard the door open, and then close.

"Gee, I'm awful sorry I'm late... what's *he* doing here?"  It was a 
female voice.  I felt funny standing there, but turning around seemed 
as embarrassing as standing there, so I just stood.  And then 
remembered that that is what Ms. Wood had told me to do.

"He's here to give you what you said you miss."  Now what did Ms. 
Wood mean by that?  The other voice sounded familiar.  I tried to 
place it.

"You must be kidding!"  I still tried to place that voice, "I couldn't 
possibly..."

"Oh, no?" There was amusement in Ms. Wood's voice.  I finally placed 
the other woman!  It was Ms. Sherwood!  She was an english teacher 
and she was an absolute fox!  All the guys were in love with her, and 
I'd even heard of guys who found out where she lived and hung around 
across the street sometimes just to get a glimpse of her!  "I don't 
think you'll have any trouble at all."  Ms. Wood had this way of giving 
orders that was almost scary.  Even though she was perfectly calm, 
you wouldn't *think* of crossing her!

"Please, I can't!  He's one of my students..."

"You asked for it, you're getting it," replied Ms. Wood, "slip off your 
panties and lean over that file cabinet... *no more protesting*!"  She 
had cut off Ms. Sherwood's obvious attempt to speak up again.  This 
was getting very weird... but interesting!  I heard moving around 
behind me, and what sounded like *panties coming off*!

"OK," it was a whisper, right next to me, "turn around."  I turned, and 
couldn't believe my eyes!   It was Ms. Sherwood, leaning against the 
file cabinet away from me, just as they had said!  She was looking 
away from me, right at the wall.  Ms. Wood picked up the back of her 
skirt and lifted it, and her rear was completely bare!  A soft 
whimper came from Ms. Sherwood!

"OK, go ahead!" came Ms. Wood's whisper and she pulled on my arm, 
pulling me toward Ms. Sherwood!  Then she pulled down my gym 
shorts and jock strap!

"Rub up against her rear to get ready," said Ms. Wood.  I couldn't 
believe this was happening... it was too much!  I did it and boy it felt 
heavenly!  Ms. Wood had gone back to her desk and started working on 
her papers again!  My cock was hard and growing harder!

"Finger her, and make sure she's ready," said Ms. Wood.  She hadn't 
even looked up!  I felt between her legs--she was wet!

"She is, isn't she... do it!"  Ms. Wood still wasn't looking at us.  I 
lifted my cock with my hand and guided it to her cunt.  I grabbed her 
hips and pushed it in, and man did it feel sweet!  Ms. Sherwood 
gasped.  I pushed all the way in, and then started to go back and forth 
in small strokes.  Her breathing was rough and hard.  She never had 
looked back at me.

"Make sure you do it hard." said Ms. Wood.  She still hadn't looked up 
from her papers.  I continued fucking and I felt Ms. Sherwood pushing 
back against me each time I pushed in!  Soon she was doing a little 
whimper with each stroke.  I couldn't stand it any more, and went 
crazy, picking up speed and banging against her.  She was going crazy 
too, and we heard a "sh" from Ms. Wood.  I don't know how long we 
came, but it was so long and hard!

But eventually it was over!  My embarrassment returned at my 
position standing there.

"Put your shorts back on and face the wall," Ms. Wood didn't let me 
stand there confused.  Soon I as back as I had been before.

"There, that's what you said you missed!  Put your panties back on!"  
Ms. Sherwood didn't reply at all, but just got dressed and left.

"Good!  You can go now."  And that was it?  She was working at her 
desk again.

"Oh, come back Thursday, a week from today, in your gym clothes, at 
fifth period."   And she closed the door and I was out!

Talk about walking around in a fog!  I didn't know what to make of 
that, but let me tell you, when I was laying down to sleep, memories 
of having Ms. Sherwood like that kept me awake!  At first I could 
hardly look at Ms. Sherwood during class, but then I forced myself to 
overcome it, and discovered that she was absolutely afraid to look 
at me!  I couldn't blame her!  It was so weird sitting in class, 
thinking about what she and I had done, and I thought *a lot* about 
what might happen when I went back!

Of course I was going back.  For one thing, I wouldn't want to cross 
Ms. Wood.  And go back I did!  It was practically a replay of the first 
time except that Ms. Sherwood wasn't so surprised by it all.  Oh man 
was that nice being inside her!  And Ms. Wood told me to come back 
in a week, and we did the same scene for several weeks straight!  
Complete with Ms. Wood sitting at her desk, doing paperwork--after 
a couple of weeks, she never even said a word to us after telling us 
to come in!

I dreamed about Ms. Sherwood!  It seemed like I never looked at the 
girls anymore--none of them could compare to Ms. Sherwood!  Clara 
was her name.  Clara Sherwood.  She was so beautiful, and I often 
surreptitiously stared at her during class.  Other guys did too, 
sometimes, so probably no one thought anything about it.  But they 
didn't... have the *relationship* with her that I did!

One week, there was a tube of K.Y. jelly sitting on the file cabinet 
when I came in.  When Ms. Sherwood had come in, and I turned around 
to *do* her, Ms. Wood stood up and took the tube and started 
fingering Ms. Sherwood's rear.  "No!" came a gasp from Ms. Sherwood.

"Quiet!"

"Please..." Ms. Sherwood's voice was a desperate little whisper now.  
She didn't say any more.  Ms. Wood never stopped applying K.Y. Jelly 
and I could see that she was pushing it into Ms. Sherwood's rear hole!

"Do her ass."  I couldn't believe this.  "Cover your cock first."  She 
gave me the tube.  I'd certainly never done anything like this before 
and never dreamed I would for a long time.  I covered my cock with 
it, and then rubbed it up and down on Ms. Sherwood's crotch like I 
usually do.

"Are you ready?"  I said to her really softly.

"Quiet!  Not another word!"  Ms. Sherwood and I weren't going to 
disobey.  I held my cock right to her rear hole and started pressing.  
She let out a little whimper and I pushed a little harder.  It went in.  
There I was, my cock inside Clara Sherwood's ass!  No guy in the 
whole school would ever believe it!  I pushed.

"Fuck it."

I started stroking back and forth.  I tried to be gentle.  I heard her 
breathing harder.  She was turned on by it!  I went faster.  She was 
bucking the way she usually did, and pushing back against me too!  I 
came so hard I was afraid of fainting!  After that, Ms. Wood let me 
decide whether to do her ass or her cunt.  She seemed to like either, 
and I did her ass a lot.

Then one thursday I arrived and there was a girl in there!  And not 
just talking to Ms. Wood or something, she was standing against the 
back wall facing it!  She was in a gym outfit too, and as usual, Ms. 
Wood was doing paperwork.  There was something around the girl's 
head, like a blindfold!  Oh, man, I didn't know what to think!

Ms. Wood glanced at me with that look of hers and I realized I had 
better just follow the routine until she said differently.  I stood and 
faced the other wall.  I had recognized the girl.  She was Brenda 
Thompson and was one of the cheerleaders!  I was someone she'd 
never even look at!

Well, Ms. Sherwood got worried again: "What's *she* doing here!?"

"Don't worry about *her*.  *I* ought to get a little fun, too.  Go to 
it!"

"Please..." was Ms. Sherwood's reply in a desperate-sounding 
whisper, but she evidently gave it up because I heard her start to get 
ready.  Ms. Wood came up to me and tied something around my eyes, 
blindfolding me.

"Go ahead," I heard her say again from across the room in a minute.  I 
groped my way to Ms. Sherwood and we started our usual fuck.  I 
heard some noises and gasps and some strident whispers.  It was so 
weird, somehow I was extra turned on.  And so was Ms. Sherwood--I 
could tell!  We came so hard I couldn't believe it!  When Ms. Sherwood 
was gone, Ms. Wood took off my blindfold.  Brenda was standing in 
the same spot, still blindfolded.  Ms. Wood told me to leave.  Brenda 
was still there.

That week I couldn't get over seeing Brenda Thompson like that.  It 
was really something seeing her in the hall and imagining what she 
had been doing.  No one would possibly believe it of her!  She was one 
of the "popular" kids!  Always talking with the other kids in the most 
popular group.  I don't think I'd ever exchanged a word with her.

The following thursday, Brenda was there again, and the same scene 
played again!  The week after, Ms. Wood didn't blindfold me but 
somehow I knew I'd better not stare at her and Brenda.  But I caught 
that Brenda was still blindfolded, that she undressed and was nude, 
and her hands were handcuffed behind her!  She was on her knees 
between Ms. Wood's legs as she sat next to her desk!  Later I noticed 
Brenda was leaning over the desk and Ms. Wood was fingering and 
slapping her rear!

That scene repeated itself, though Ms. Wood had Brenda doing 
different things.  Sometimes she fingered Brenda and once she took 
off her own shorts and was nude from the waste down!  After a 
couple of weeks, Brenda wasn't blindfolded.  She was always 
standing against the wall when I got there, and I always left first.  I 
never did see her look at me.

It was something to see Brenda like that, but actually my thoghts 
went back to Ms. Sherwood.  I couldn't get her out of my mind!  The 
way she responded, always so responsive and when we got into it, so 
enthusiastic.  I got so I was always aware when she was around and 
I knew her schedule and where she was going.  It seemed she had 
gotten over some of her initial embarrassment when she couldn't 
even look in my direction--she got so she could glance across the 
room where I was sitting.  But she never ever called on me or said 
anything to me.  I wondered what she thought of me.

I did notice one strange thing, once.  The Principal came in the room 
once during class and sat in the back.  I could tell that Ms. Sherwood 
got nervous, though she seemed to control it well.  But as she was 
lecturing us, she walked over to my desk, which was next to the 
windows.  She sometimes strolls around while she is lecturing and 
stands over to the side of the class, but this day, she stood right 
next to me, and seemed to stay there for a lot of the class!  She even 
leaned on my desk for a little while!  That's the only time she did 
anything like that, which made it seem even more significant.

Well, our thursdays remained the same, until finally, then end of the 
school year was approaching.  On the last thursday, after Ms. 
Sherwood had left, Ms. Wood broke the pattern by talking to the two 
of us.  We were still standing, facing the wall.

"You two had better get together over the summer.  Now that you're 
used to this kind of stuff, you just won't enjoy what the *other 
kids* are doing."

It was true that I was going to miss those thursdays.  Doing it with 
Ms. Sherwood was so nice... I felt like I was in love!  In our town, we 
spent the summer on the beach.  I went out there as usual and hung 
around with my friends, Mark and Jim and Jim's girlfriend, Sandy, 
and his brother, Craig, and a few other kids.  We hung around like we 
usually did in the summer and it was a great relief from school that 
first week or so.  But then I began to miss those scenes.  I really 
missed Ms. Sherwood.  She was so great, and loved it so much!  I 
missed Ms. Wood and Brenda too, believe it or not.  Ms. Wood was 
right: things just weren't the same.

Mark mentioned that I was just sitting around and seemed to be in 
another world.  It wasn't more than a day later that Brenda came and 
sat next to me!  I had seen Brenda once or twice on the beach, but she 
was, as usual, hanging out with her crowd, and we certainly hadn't 
said anything to each other.  Now she sat next to me, and started 
talking to me as if we had been school friends since first grade!  I 
wouldn't have known what to say to her, but she seemed to be very 
good at starting and holding up casual conversations.

After that, believe it or not, she stuck to me like glue.  She was 
always there.  When she wasn't around, the other kids kidded me, and 
Mark asked me how I had gotten her, and what we were doing.  It was 
so strange.  I realized that I could easily ask her out one evening, or 
suggest we go the mall one afternoon or something and it seemed 
like she was ready to go along with it.  A couple of times people 
from her group would come over and talk to us for a little while, but 
they seemed confused by it just like my friends were.

Never, before that year, would I have predicted that Brenda 
Thompson would be hanging around me.  But, believe it or not, I just 
wasn't in to it.  I was still thinking about Ms. Sherwood and those 
scenes.  I couldn't get my mind off her--the way she responded.  She 
had a *real* woman's body, and Brenda's just couldn't compare.

Then one day, when we were just leaving, and no one was in earshot, 
I heard Brenda say in a low voice "Fuck me!  Please!"  Just out of the 
blue!  She hadn't even looked at me!  Her voice, though low, was filled 
with desperation!  I didn't say a thing or even look at her.  She added 
another "Please," and then went on getting ready to leave.

She was there the next day.  As we sat there watching everyone else 
swim and play frisbee and so forth, she brought up the subject of our 
previous scenes.

"You miss those scenes, don't you?"  I didn't answer.  "It's Clara 
Sherwood, isn't it?  She's absolutely gorgeous."

I didn't speak right away, but then I said "It was the whole scene."

"Yes," she replied and paused.  "I *know*," she went on.  Then she 
added, "But you do like Clara."  After I didn't answer, she added, "We 
could go see her."  I still didn't say anything.  "She's in town.  Ms. 
Wood is out of town, but Clara is still here."

That was all we said on the subject, but that afternoon Brenda said, 
"Who knows what she'll do.  She loved the scenes too."  I immediately 
knew exactly what she was talking about.  She added "She can't say 
it's too strange of us to stop in.  There's nothing wrong with 
students saying hi to one of their favorite teachers."

"OK," I said.  She suggested we go right away, because Ms. 
Sherwood's house was on the beach, and all we'd have to do is walk 
down the beach.  So we were off in five minutes.

Ms. Sherwood's house was sort of on the beach--it didn't have a 
beach view because another house was between it and the beach, but 
obviously she enjoyed access to the beach.  We rang the front bell.

She was there!  She answered, and stared at us and looked confused, 
but Brenda gave her a confident "Hi, Ms. Sherwood!" and she let us in.  
Brenda was wearing a wrap over her swimsuit and I was wearing a 
tee-shirt and swimming trunks.  Ms. Sherwood was wearing shorts 
and a tank top and she looked great!  Her living room was extremely 
neat, and seemed a bit fancy and modern compared with the house's 
exterior which was obviously weatherbeaten.  Brenda complimented 
her on the house and soon she was giving us a tour.  I didn't say 
much, and Ms. Sherwood seemed to speak only when asked something, 
but Brenda kept up a steady stream of patter.  When we reached the 
bedroom, which like the rest of the house, looked absolutely 
spotless and, well, like something out of a magazine, Brenda sat on 
the bed and looked right at Ms. Sherwood and told her it was a great 
bed!  That was a little strange, but Brenda pulled it off, and Ms. 
Sherwood looked a startled, but didn't say anything about it.

After that, we left, but Brenda told her we'd come back to see her 
again.  That night I thought about nothing but Ms. Sherwood in those 
shorts and tank top, and I thought about making it with her on that 
bed.

The next day, Brenda said we should go over in the morning!  I didn't 
think it would seem natural, but Brenda said we couldn't wait long, 
and that Clara (as she referred to her) obviously knew something 
was up and it would be better to just go ahead and confirm her 
suspicions.  Finally I went along with the idea.

Ms. Sherwood had a nervous look when she answered the door.  
Brenda walked right in without saying a word and Ms. Sherwood 
seemed to edge away from the door and eyed Brenda suspiciously.  I 
finally came in, wondering what was going to happen.  "Shut the 
door."  It was Brenda who said it.  She sounded like she knew 
*exactly* what she wanted.  I shut it.

"Ms. Wood won't like this," said Ms. Sherwood, finally.

"Well, she's not here, is she?" answered Brenda who advanced on Ms. 
Sherwood slowly.  She motioned me to get behind Ms. Sherwood.

Soon Ms. Sherwood was backed into me and Brenda was standing just 
inches from her.  Brenda reached out and started unbuttoning her 
blouse.  Ms. Sherwood didn't do a thing... I think she didn't even 
breath.  Brenda finished, and slipped off her blouse.  Then she 
reached around behind her and unhooked her bra.  Ms. Sherwood's 
breasts were completely uncovered!  I looked at them over her 
shoulder and wished for a better look.

Brenda silently knelt down in front of Ms. Sherwood and undid the 
front of her shorts.  Ms. Sherwood raised her hands and covered her 
mouth, but didn't do anything to cover herself or stop Brenda.  Soon 
her shorts were around her feet and Brenda was sliding down her 
panties.  Brenda stood up and fingered her nipples for a minute.  Then 
she backed off.

"Kneel," she said.  Ms. Sherwood immediately got down on her knees.  
Brenda looked at her with amusement on her face.  Then suddenly she 
was serious again.  She came over and pulled me in front of Ms. 
Sherwood so that her face was right in front of the front of my 
pants.

"Unzip him."  She did it.  "Take out his cock... Now, put it in your 
mouth... Suck him off!  Make him come in your mouth!"  Oh, it felt so 
sweet.  I'd never had anything like that before.  It felt so good.  She 
just went on and on--it was everything I dreamed of.  She kept 
sucking and sucking and when I came, she didn't stop and she 
swallowed and swallowed.  I stood there facing Brenda who just 
watched with an unreadable expression on her face.  After that, she 
had Ms. Sherwood zip me up again, and then we just left her like 
that, kneeling, nude in the middle of her living room.

When we were back outside Brenda suddenly went crazy.  She was 
ready to give me a high-five, and she jumped up and down and hugged 
me.  I was excited too--it seemed beyond our wildest expectations.  
We were grinning all day, and that evening Brenda seemed reluctant 
to leave the beach--actually, she seemed reluctant to leave me!  We 
had shared so much and we didn't want it to end!  Finally, we agreed 
to meet again after supper, and go back to the beach.  A night-time 
stroll!

You may think I was thinking about getting Brenda onto the beach at 
night, but in reality all I could think about was how easily we got 
Clara Sherwood to go along with our schemes!  I met Brenda and I 
could tell that she was still feeling excited about it though she was 
calmer.  We were still grinning and we walked a bit, and then we 
decided to sit for a while.  Brenda had brought a blanket and a beach 
towel so we laid out the towel and sat on it and talked.  I had my 
arm around her and I looked down at her and kissed her, and she 
kissed me back.  She was still obviously excited after our short kiss, 
and she was obviously willing to do anything I asked!  She asked me 
if she should take off her blouse!  Strangely enough I decided against 
it, and she understood.  We both saved ourselves for our bright future 
with Clara Sherwood.

I asked her what it was she was getting, or going to get from our 
sessions with Clara.  She was perfectly willing to talk about it: she 
*liked* Clara's body and had enjoyed seeing it today and seeing Clara 
servicing me!  She was looking forward to seeing Clara take my cock 
in her rear and she was looking forward to using a leather belt on 
Clara's rear, too!  And she wanted to feel Clara lick her cunt!  And 
she especially wanted to see Clara getting it in the rear while Clara 
licked her cunt.  I couldn't believe all the things Brenda said.  It was 
obvious that she had a wide lesbian streak and a dominant one as 
well.  That was the frankest discussion of sex I ever recall having 
with anyone, male or female.  We seemed able to talk about anything.  
Later, we were tempted to have sex again, but we managed to 
restrain ourselves in anticipation of the next morning.  But 
somehow, that evening was better than sex: I actually didn't want 
that evening to end.

But I can't say I wasn't raring to go the next morning.  I was at the 
beach early and couldn't wait to see Brenda.  When she finally 
arrived, she had to make me wait--she didn't want us bursting in on 
Clara too early in the morning: it would make us seem too eager.  We 
waited until mid morning and then headed over to Clara's house.

We rang the door bell, but instead of coming to the door, Clara called 
us to come in.  I checked the door and found it unlocked and we went 
in.  Clara was standing, right in front of us in the living room, 
totally nude!   She looked fantastic!  She was facing us and looked as 
if she were standing at attention!  I couldn't believe it: she must be 
into it much more than Brenda or I suspected.  She didn't say 
anything but just looked straight ahead, her eyes not even meeting 
ours.  I was very impressed and we walked over to her and started 
walking around her in a little inspection tour.  Then I noticed Ms. 
Wood sitting over to the side of the living room where we couldn't 
see her as we entered.  She was sitting there with her legs crossed, 
watching us.  Next to her was another woman, who was standing at 
attention just like Clara except that she was fully dressed.  I froze, 
looking at Ms. Wood.  In a few seconds, Brenda apparently noticed her 
too and froze.  We just stared, stock still.

"So rather than take my suggestion, you decided to play some games 
with Ms. Sherwood."  Words caught in my throat, but in a few seconds 
I started to answer.  But she cut me off: "Don't say a word."

She stood up and started a leisurely walk around the living room.  
"Both of you, go out in the garage, remove all your clothes, and wait."  
She said nothing more, but just stood there and waited for us to act.  
We remained frozen for a little while, then we looked at each other 
briefly, and then we both went towards the garage.

We got out in the garage and its door was closed though there was no 
car there.  The walls were unfinished and the floor was concrete.  
We stood there for a second, looking at each other.  "We'd better do 
it," said Brenda.  There was none of the giddy excitement we felt 
before, only a cold fear.  And a *different* exciting feeling!  Soon we 
were standing there, nude, wondering what was going to happen.  I 
heard the front door and some voices.

Suddenly, the door opened and a whole bunch of men came in!  "There 
they are," came Ms. Wood's voice and the men all surrounded us.  
Immediately I was grabbed and something was stuffed in my mouth.  
They were all big and muscular and most of them were wearing 
swimming trunks.  A gag was secured around my head.  They were 
tying ropes to my arms and soon they were hoisting me with hooks in 
the ceiling and I found myself tied, spread-eagled, hanging in mid-
air with my ankles tied so my legs were apart!  Brenda was tied the 
same way: both of us were suspended in mid air.  I heard stuff being 
dragged behind us and soon I noticed platforms behind us.  Men were 
standing right behind us and soon I felt lubricant being pushed right 
into my ass!  A guy behind me was pushing his cock right between my 
cheeks!  I could see that Brenda was getting exactly the same 
treatment!  Occasionally the guy pulled all the way out for a minute, 
and watching Brenda I could see that guys were taking turns.  I felt a 
sharp pain and realized I'd been whipped!  They did that some more 
and then a cock was in my rear again!

The door from the house opened again and Ms. Wood came out.  She 
walked over in front of Brenda and looked up at her, and came up and 
looked up at me, too.  She grabbed my cock and began stroking.  "Hey!  
You're supposed to force them to enjoy it!" she said.  My cock was 
growing hard even though the guy's cock was in my ass.  Soon my 
cock was sticking straight out!  Ms. Wood was fingering Brenda's 
cunt with her other hand.  Ms. Wood kept it up, and soon I was 
coming, even with that guy inside me.  I could see that Brenda was 
coming too: she was bucking and grinding even though she was 
suspended.  Ms. Wood left and went back toward the door to the 
house.  But as I watched her, some of the guys grabbed her and 
gagged her!  She struggled hard, but soon they had handcuffs on her 
and had her ankles bound together and had her naked.  She was on her 
hands and knees and a guy started pushing his cock into her rear!  She 
struggled to escape.  A few of the guys went into the house and I 
heard a scuffle through the open door though I couldn't see anything.  
The guy had come in Ms. Wood's ass and had pulled out and another 
guy was whipping her something fierce.  I felt a sting on my ass 
again.  As I watched, a guy pulled off Ms. Wood's gag and stuffed his 
hard cock into her mouth.  I heard female moans from inside the 
house.
