Copyright © 1998,   Bebrack.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.




                      Summer Camping Trip

                          by Bebrack



	I hated going on vacation with my parents, after all I was almost sixteen now and had looked forward to spending some time on the beach with my friends this summer.   Joey, Mike and I had already planned how we were going to seduce Betty Jo and Mary and I hated to go off and leave all the fun to them.  But as the day of our departure got closer and my pleading fell on deaf ears I resigned myself to three weeks of anguished boredom.  
	Camping!!!!  My God!!   In the mountains,   Aarrrrrrgggggg!  Shit there wouldn't even be a Seven-Eleven or any kind of store for miles.   How was a teenager supposed to survive.   I ducked my head and sullenly helped pack the pickup and trailer for the trek to the mountains. 
	 At least we had a trailer, we wouldn't have to sleep on the ground or poop in the bushes.   Our trailer was a well equipped, self-contained twenty-four foot rolling home.  It had a large table in the front that folded up and the seats scooted together to turn the whole front of the trailer into a humongous bed, then there was a small half height divider then the dining area and kitchen with the bathroom right at the back.   It had a refrigerator and heater that used both electricity and propane and Dad  got a generator to take along so we could have electric power.   After all, like he said, the girls couldn't be without their curling irons.
	The girls in this case were my mom and my fourteen year old sister, who aside from being a royal pain in the ass sometimes, could be a lot of fun to be around.   My mom was in her early thirties and was a real knock out, at least that's what all my friends keep telling me, and my sister was developing curves in all the right places, in fact she was just a junior version of mom.
	"Billy", my dad yelled, "get your ass out here and quit day dreaming.  We need to get loaded up so we can leave as soon as Jill gets home."     Jill was my sister and had a cheer leader tryout for next school year that she just had to be to.   Yeah, just so she could get out of helping load the trailer.  She was cute though and sexy enough to be a good cheerleader.
	"Okay Dad", I yelled back, "be just a minute.  I'm just picking up some magazines to read on the way."    I had taken the covers off a couple of Sports Illustrated and was carefully reattaching them to a couple of my fuck magazines, that way, if I was careful, I could look at them and nobody would know the difference.   I slipped them into my travel bag and picking up the rest of my stuff, carried it to the trailer, and helped Dad finish loading up everything.   Just as we finished Jill got home.
	"Good timing, Sis", I growled.
	"Yeah, just like I planned it", she grinned back at me.
	"Get your stuff loaded Jill", Dad ordered, "we're just about ready to take off."  Turning toward the house he yelled, "Jeannie, get your buns moving, this caravan is about ready to depart."
	"Billy, please come help me carry my stuff out, pleeaaaase", Jill asked, smiling softly at me and batting her big blue eyes.  I melted.  I couldn't stay mad at her.  All she has to do is give me that soulful look and I'd do anything for her.  And I do mean anything.   A few minutes later we came staggering out of the house loaded down with three suitcases and an overnight bag.
	"Holy shit", Dad grumbled, "I thought we were getting away from it all, not taking it all with us".   He helped us load it in the back of the pickup, arranging it so we would have plenty of room to sit and move around.  Our pickup had a shell on it and a carpet kit in the back, so while you couldn't stand up, it was still fairly comfortable.   
	Just then Mom came out of the house with an armful of last minute items she'd picked up.  We took them from her and stowed them away, then Dad turned back towards her.
	"That everything", he asked.
	"Think so", Mom answered, "if it isn't we'll just have to pick up what we need along the way."
	I was standing staring at Mom like I'd never seen her before. 
	 Man, I suddenly realized why the guys all thought she was so hot.  
	 She was standing talking to Dad, one hand on her hip and one leg bent slightly at the knee.   She was wearing a pair of tight white shorts, and I do mean tight, that hugged the soft curve of her ass with the seam pulled tightly into the lovely crevice separating her cheeks,  and a soft white knit blouse that was cut waaaay low at the neck showing a vast amount of cleavage and the tops of her breasts .   She wasn't wearing a bra and her nipples made large indentations in the soft material.  The tan that she'd been working on all spring accented the whiteness of her clothing and her long blonde hair fell softly over her shoulders
	My Mom was a Babe!!!   Big Time!!!
	"Well, let's get going then",
	"Just a minute, Dad", Jill said, "I gotta get out of this cheerleader outfit."
	"Okay hun, but hurry", he replied as she scurried off to the house to change.  In a few minutes she returned, wearing a pair of shorts that were as tight as mom's and a cut of t-shirt that just barley covered her boobs.  She wasn't wearing a bra either cause I could see the indentations her nipples made in the soft cotton fabric.
	"All aboard", Dad yelled, holding up the shells rear door.
	Jill crawled in first with me right behind her.  As she crawled toward the front of he pickup her ass waved invitingly in front of me and her t-shirt fell away from her body, exposing two succulent globes swaying as she moved toward the front.  My prick twitched uncontrollably.  As we moved pillows and cushions around till we were comfortable, Dad closed the tailgate and shell door and got in the cab.
	Dad started the truck and we were off on our adventure.   As we pulled out onto the street Dad looked over at Mom, she was leaning against the door, smiling softly at him.
	"Well here we go", he said, "sure as hell hope your idea works!"
	"Oh, it will", she said giggling as she slid closer to him, "they're too much like us for it not to."
	Jill and I had made ourselves comfortable in the back, her in one corner and me in the other.  After we had been traveling an hour or so Jill looked over at me and said, "Well big brother, don't go getting any wild ideas, but I gotta unsnap these shorts.  They're cutting me in two."  Then she unbuttoned the top button and slid the zipper down an inch or two.  "Ohh", she sighed, "that feels sooo much better." 
	 I glanced over at her and giggled, "You've really got some pinch marks, sis."  Then I quit giggling, besides the angry red marks the too tight shorts had made I could see a little light blonde hair peeking out at the opened zipper.  My cock twitched involuntarily as my eyes swept over her soft belly to the hair just barely visible.   She didn't have any panties on.   I hadn't thought so, couldn't see any panty lines under those white shorts.  Mom either for that matter.
	"Let me borrow one of your magazines", Jill asked.
	"You don't like sports magazines", I retorted, "I've never seen you even look at one before."
	"I know", she replied, grinning, "it's just something to kill some time.   Besides they have some pictures of good looking hunks in them".
	"Get your own damn books", I answered, irritably, putting the magazine behind me,  "I'm going to get some sleep."   With that I rolled onto my side and feigned sleep.   She didn't do much for a few minutes, then as she twisted and turned, trying to look out the side window, her zipper slipped a little lower, exposing even more pussy hair.  My cock twitched uncontrollably, starting to make a tent in the sweats I was wearing.   Nothing happened for a few more minutes, then after looking at me for a minute to make sure I was asleep, she crept down to my duffle bag and retrieved my other magazine.  Damn, I'd forgotten about it.  She situated herself again, got comfortable and flipped open the book.  I heard her suck her breath in, in a surprised gasp as she glanced down at the picture.   I knew what she was looking at, I had those books memorized.  She glanced over at me again, to make sure I was asleep,  then slowly flipped the page.  Her tongue crept out to wet her suddenly dry lips and I saw her breasts heave with the sudden intake of air as she tried to catch her breath.  She slipped her hand up under her t-shirt and slowly began tweaking her breast, rolling her nipple between thumb and forefinger, then grasping it and pulling it away from her body.  As she slowly flipped through the pages of the magazine, her breath became more labored and her hand moved from her breast, across her stomach and into her shorts.  The zipper crept lower, making it easier to slip her fingers through the soft blonde curls and into the waiting slit.    She bit her lip to keep from crying out as her fingers worked over her rapidly moistening cunt.  Every once in a while she'd pull her hand from her shorts and flip a page, then right back to stroking her pussy again.
	By this time my cock was throbbing wildly and tenting my sweats out in front of me.  I stretched and pretended to be waking up.
	"What are you doing with my magazine?", I demanded, feigning anger, as I rolled over and grabbed for it, "I told you not to look at them."
	"And I can see why", she retorted, holding the magazine away from me and trying to push me away with her other hand, the one that had been in her pants.  I quickly grasped it and pulled her toward me.   I brought her hand to my face, directly under my nose.
	"Mmmm......smells like pussy to me", I said, leering at her.
	"Ohhh, ....let me go....you...you", she stuttered, at a loss for words.
	While she watched, I slowly stuck my tongue out and licked her finger.  The one that only moments before had been sliding in and out of her cunt.   Her eyes got wide and she sucked her breath in, in an audible gasp.
	"What are you doing?", she breathed, barely audible.
	"Just tasting my sisters delicious pussy", I whispered back, smiling gently at her, "Of course I'd rather taste direct from the source but that's up to you".
	Her hand was clenched in a fist but as I slowly kissed and licked it, her hand opened up.  I carefully took her index finger into my mouth and gently sucked on it, moving my mouth up and down the length of her finger.   Her mouth opened and her breath was coming in jagged little gasps.  She quickly looked over her shoulder to see if Mom was looking back at us and froze as if she'd seen a ghost.
	"Billy,.....Billy", she hoarsely whispered, "look......look what they're doing".
	I looked into the front seat of the pickup and my eyes about bugged out.   Dad had his arm around Mom's shoulders and his hand down the front of her blouse.  I could see him squeeze her tit in his big hand then slowly pinch her nipple before rolling it between his thumb and fingers.  Suddenly he just pushed down on the front of her low necked blouse and both tits flopped out in plain sight.    Mom had her hand in his lap, slowly unzipping this fly.  His throbbing cock sprang out of the opening like it was on a spring.  Mom took it in her hand and briskly started pumping it, then dropped her head into his lap and swallowed his cock.   Her head started to bob up and down rhythmically and the pickup jerked crazily from one side of the road to the other.
	Jill was spellbound, watching intently as Mom sucked Dad's cock.   Her breath was coming in ragged gasps and her hips were swaying to the rhythm of Mom's head.  We were kneeling side by side watching the show being preformed for us.  I laid my hand on the soft warm skin of her back and slowly pushed my hand under the waist band of her shorts.  I caught my thumb in top of her shorts and slowly pushed them down over her ass, pushing them down till they were around her knees.  My hand traveled back up her naked thigh until I was cupping her dripping pussy.   Carefully I let one finger start stroking the length of 
her slippery slit, slipping inside her lips, searching for her clit.
	"Ohhh Billy", she moaned softly, "just a little higher .....ohhhh....right there..rub me honey...play with my pussy.....aaahhhhhh slide your finger inside me Billy....please baby".
	I slid my finger into her slippery cunt, picking up on the rhythm that Mom was using on Dad's cock.   Her eyes were glued to the show Mom and Dad were preforming, so I eased my self back a little and let my other hand slip inside her t-shirt, caressing her tits as they swung to and fro with her gentle movements.  I caught her nipple between my fingers and squeezed none to gently.   A low moan escaped from between her lips, growing in volume as her climax approached.   Suddenly she just collapsed on the carpeted truck bed, her body quivering as the throes of ecstacy washed over her.   She rolled over on her side, looking at me through glazed eyes.
	"Oh Billy.....you made me cum....that's the first time anyone has ever done that for me.  It was fantastic!", she said, "what can I do for you?"
	"Same thing Mom's doing for Dad", I grinned down at her, scooting forward and pushing  my sweats down around my knees.   My cock sprang free, swaying and throbbing in front of her face as if it had a life of its own.   Her hand reached for it, clasping it softly and guiding it toward her slightly parted lips.  As her lips touched the silky skin on my purple knob, her tongue flicked out to catch the drop of pre-cum gathering at its tip.
	"Mmmmm.", she sighed, "a little salty but I think I could learn to like this".   She smiled softly and opened her lips and let my cock slide in.   The inside of her mouth was like velvet, soft and warm, clinging to my shaft as I slowly stroked my tingling member into her steamy mouth.  As I fucked her mouth I turned my attention to what was happening in the front seat of the pickup.  
	Dad had just shot a huge amount of creamy cum down Mom's throat and she was busily licking up what had overflowed onto his cock.  When she had finished she sat back on the seat and with one finger cleaned a big glob off her cheek and slid it into her waiting mouth.  Her tits were still hanging out in the breeze though she didn't seem to notice.  As she relaxed back against the seat she turned and looked me right in the eye, then stared down at Jill, who was busily trying to get me off.  Then she looked back up at me, smiled and blew me a little kiss before leaning her head against Dad's shoulder and snuggled up to him contentedly.
	I was dumbfounded.   Mom knew that I had watched her give Dad a blow job.  She knew that Jill was sucking my cock.  She knew I was ogling her tits.  And she just smiled.  Something was drastically wrong.  Maybe I was having a dream.  No, I could tell by the tightening of my balls and the jerking of my hips that the mouth around my prick was real.
	"Omigawd Jill", I gasped from between clenched teeth, "I'm coming.  I'm going to shoot this load right down your throat.  Ohhhh, suck it honey.  It feels so goood".  My hips bucked and my balls tightened as I shot spurt after spurt of my hot sticky cum into her hungrily waiting mouth.   I collapsed on the floor beside her, totally spent, trying to recapture my breath.  I smiled down at her and ran my hand softly over her heaving tits.
	"That was great, Sis", I whispered quietly into her ear, "maybe this vacation isn't going to be so boring after all."    She smiled up at me and nodded her agreement.
	Just then the truck started slowing down and Dad pulled it off the main highway onto a faint track that once was a road.  After bumping along on it for a while, we pulled into a large meadow right on the edge of a lake.   The grass was above our ankles and the fresh green leaves on the trees surrounding this verdant plain were ample proof that summer was truly here.   Dad drove toward a big clump of trees by a small creek and found a long abandoned campground.  He found a nice level spot and stopped our outfit.   Jill and I were scurrying around trying to straighten up our closes and make ourselves presentable.   Dad came to the back of the pickup and opened the tailgate and rear door of the shell and announced, "End of the line.  All passengers will please get out", grinning at us all the time.  
	Mom came around the other side of the truck and said, "Well this is it.  What do you think?"
	Dad started to unhook the trailer and set up camp.  Jill and I unloaded what we had to out of the back of the truck, set up the outside table and chairs and dug a fire pit, lining it with rocks we carried from near the creek.   As we stood looking at the finished pit, Mom came walking up to us, Dad was still trying to get the trailer level and stabilized.
	"Well kids, what do ya think?", she asked with a worried look, "do you like it?  I think we can have a lot of fun here.  Hardly anyone ever comes here any more."   She moved closer to Jill and reaching up wiped a glob of sticky cum off her cheek. "Missed a little bit", she grinned, her eyes dancing impishly, "must have been in a hurry"
	Jill's face went bright crimson and she stuttered and stammered something about it must have been some of the candy bar she had eaten but I stepped a little closer to Mom and reached out and wiped a big smear from between her tits, letting my fingers lightly stroke the upper slope of her tits as I did.  
	"Must be some of your candy bar", I said, looking her right in the eye, "would you like to finish it?"  I raised my finger to her lips and she raised her hand and clasp mine, then slowly took my finger into her mouth and cleaned it for me, pursing her lips and running her tongue up and down it two or three times.  My cock was throbbing, tenting my sweats out again.   Mom just smiled and went to help Dad level the trailer.  As soon as she moved away from us Jill turned toward me.
	"She knows", she hissed, "what are we going to do?"
	"Nothing.  Lets just play it cool and see what happens."
	"Okay, but she's sure acting weird."
	I nodded in agreement and started gathering wood for the fire.  I had a fire going, making a nice bed of coals for our tinfoil dinners, when Mom and Dad came walking towards us.  We all drew chairs around the fire and sat and watched the flames for a few minutes.   Mom cleared her throat and looked nervously at Dad, then turned back to us.
	"Uh....kids....uh, there's something we want to ask you", she began nervously, "but first let me tell you a little about us that you probably don't know.   A while before we were married, your Dad and I were naturalists or nature lovers as we were called back then.  We liked to get back to nature, ya know what I mean?"
	"Not really", I muttered as Jill and I both shook our heads no.
	"Well, some people called us nudists, but we weren't really, we just liked to be out in the open country and not wear any clothes.  Do you understand?"	
	"Yeah, I think so", I replied, glancing at Jill who was nodding in agreement.
	"Well, ahhh, here's the question then", Mom said, glancing at us and then quickly looking back into the fire, "We were wondering if you kids would mind if we done that here, while we're on vacation?"   She looked at Dad, who was just setting there, nervously kicking at the ground.
	"You mean all of us?", I asked, incredulously.
	"Well, we'd love to have you with us but we were just asking for us, if you want to that's something you'll have to decide for yourselves."
	"I can think of one problem right away", I said, starting to kick the ground myself, "I ahhh,.....I don't know if I could....Ahhhhh......get up and walk around, you know...."   I looked at the ground between my feet.
	"Oh", Mom giggled, "you mean because you'd probably have an erection?"
	"Yeah", I mumbled, turning a brilliant shade of red.   Mom was fighting to keep from laughing.
	"What's so funny?", I demanded, glaring at her.
	"Nothing's funny, baby", she giggled, "it's just that.......well that your dad has the same problem.  But after a couple of days you'll get used to all the naked females running around."
	"Well, I guess if you don't mind me running around with a hard-on, uh, I mean an erection , it's okay with me.  How about you?", I asked, looking at Jill.
	"I guess it'll be okay", she replied, "but I think I'm going to be awfully embarrassed."
	"You got nothing to be embarrassed about", I said, getting up and moving to her side.  I tilted her chin up so I was looking her right in the eye and continued, "you have a beautiful body, ....ahhh....what I've seen of it, and I know you're the prettiest girl in our school".
	"Oh, Billy, do you really think so?", she exclaimed, beaming up at me, a smile lighting up her whole face.
	"No doubt about it", I said, smiling down at her then glancing over at Mom.   Mom was smiling too, a happy, contented smile that said she was proud of me and that this was going to be one great vacation.
	"Well then, let's do it", Mom said happily.  She stood up and moved a little closer to the fire, until she was right in the middle of us, then reached down, caught the bottom of her blouse and pulled it up over her head.   She stood there a moment looking into the fire, then turned and threw her blouse on her chair and turned back facing me.
	I stared.  I couldn't help it.  There was my mom facing me, naked to the waist.  Her breasts pointed straight at me, almost defiantly.  The perfect globes, topped with a dark brown aureole and nipples that protruded at least half an inch, sagged not at all.  She raised her arms over her head, stretched and turned in a complete circle, letting us all feast our eyes on her body.
	  Then, after glancing over at Dad, she looked straight at me, hooked her thumbs in the waist of her tight, tight shorts and slowly began to push them down over her hips.  She turned around, her back to me, then shifting her weight seductively from foot to foot, pushed her shorts down to reveal her soft full cheeks.   My cock was pulsing in my sweats, moving the tent in them from side to side with each of its jerks.   Turning slowly around until she was facing me, she bent over and pushed the shorts to her ankles.  Her tits were swaying voluptuously as she moved her shoulders from side to side as she pushed the shorts to her ankles, then looking right at the quivering bulge in my sweats, she stood straight up, lifting her feet clear of the shorts as she did, and spread her legs wide.
	"Okay, guys and gal", she said, "You've seen everything I've got.  Your turn now Jim".
	She sat down on a chair directly across the fire from me, her legs spread wide, the fire light flickering on the light blond hair of mons, glistening on the moisture seeping between the puffy red lips of her pussy.  Her hand dropped down and one finger slowly began to stroke the gaping slit of those nether lips.   Dad got up, his prick jutting from his shorts, and stood facing Jill.  His hand moved almost absent-mindedly up and down the throbbing shaft of his cock.
	"Won't take me long", he grinned, "you've already seen about every thing I've got."  His hand moved to the snap on his shorts and in an eye blink his shorts were laying on the ground at his feet.  He stepped clear of them and dramatically made a complete turn around, flexing his buttock muscles for Jills benefit.  I looked over at Jill.  She was mesmerized by the swaying of his huge cock, licking her lips as she brazenly stared at his throbbing member.   I couldn't blame her.  It was impressive.   Must have been all of nine inches long with the purple cock head glistening in the flickering light from all the pre-cum that covered it.   He backed up to his chair and sat down, spread his legs wide, and slowly stroked the length of his shaft.
	"Your turn Billy", he said, grinning at me, "but only if you want to."
	My Mom's eyes were locked on me like radar.  She had a sexy little half smile on her lips as she watched me slowly get to my feet.   
	"I guess so", I mumbled, "I can't be the only one wearing clothes".
	I quickly reached down and pulled my t-shirt over my head and laid it on the chair behind me.  I paused for a moment, drew a deep breath and pushed my sweats and shorts around my ankles with one swift movement, then kicked my feet out of them.  I stood straight and tall, my cock slapping against my belly almost to my belly button.  Mom caught her breath with an audible gasp and her fingers sunk a little deeper between her lips.  I wasn't quite as long as Dad, but was much thicker.   The hair around my cock was thick and curly, light brown in color, the same as the hair on my head, and my balls hung full and heavy between my legs.  My stomach was flat and rippling with muscles from my weight class, tapering up into well developed pec's and shoulders.
	"My God", Jill gasped, "what a hunk".
	"Yeaaahhhh", was all Mom could manage.
	I sat down on the chair, spread my legs and slowly began stroking my cock in a rhythm that matched Dad's and Mom's.
	"Your turn Jill", I said, smiling over at her and turning slightly to get a better view.
	She timidly stood and nervously shuffled her feet, looking at each of us as we sat there in front of her, slowly playing with ourselves.  Her hands crept under her tiny t-shirt and squoze her tits in the same rhythm that the rest of us were using.  Suddenly in one burst of movement the t-shirt was off, laying on the ground at her feet.  She stood there, back straight, tits straining to touch the sky, looking at us with a desperate bid for approval.
	"You're beautiful", I gasped, staring in awe at the naked breasts of my sister.  They were lovely, firm and round, the soft globes seemed almost to reach for me, begging for a kiss on the crinkled pink nipple protruding from the center of each one.
	"You surely are", Dad croaked, almost falling off his chair.   Mom just smiled.
	Jill unsnapped the shorts, reached down and unzipped the zipper clear to the bottom, and slowly started to peel them over her hips.   Her soft blond bush first came into view, then the long crease of her pussy lips.  They were puffy and swollen, glistening with moisture that even had the insides of her thighs wet.  Her shorts fell to the ground and she stepped out of them, raised her hands above her head and turned her back to us.  The perfect spheres of her ass cheeks came into view.  She bent over, spread her legs and reached back to open the cheeks of her ass.  The soft pink of her inner lips were visible, covered with the hot slippery juices pouring from her cunt.
	"Lord have mercy", Dad breathed, as his hand increased its tempo.
	Jill turned and sat down on her chair, looking expectantly from one to the other of us.  Dad just sat staring at her, unable to say anything.   Mom had an almost glazed look in her eyes as she continued to stroke her pussy.   I cleared my throat and tried to speak.
	"You're fabulous", I managed to croak, "I didn't realize that you were so stunningly lovely."    She smiled softly at me, a smile of promise and love.
	"Uh Jim", Mom finally managed to say, "lets go to the trailer and get those tin foil dinners. Its going to be a while before their done now."
	They got up and started toward the trailer, my Dad's arm draping across her shoulder and her hand in front of him.  I knew he was pinching her nipple and I could tell by the jerk of his hips that she was stroking his prick.   As Mom stepped up on the step to get into the trailer I saw Dad's had slip between her legs.  She stopped for a moment as if to catch her balance then went on inside, Dad right behind her, his hand still between her legs.   I looked over at Jill.  She was watching them with loving interest.   She turned toward me and smiled again.
	"Wanna bet they don't come right back out", she said, grinning mischievously
	"No bet", I laughed back at her, "do you want to get a blanket and lay by the fire?"
	"Sure", she answered, "I'll go get one".  She got up and walked to the pickup to get a blanket, her ass swaying, her tits bouncing lightly, and I just about came!   She brought the blanket back, spread it by the fire and we moved onto it, stretching out side by side, smiling almost bashfully at each other.
	"Can I kiss you sis?", I asked nervously, "I won't push it if you don't want to".
	"I'd love for you to, silly", she responded, "I've been aching for you since this afternoon in the truck".    I leaned over her, lowering my lips to barely graze hers, nibbling her pouting lower lip, sucking it into my mouth and gently biting it with my teeth.   Her breast was pressed tightly against my bare chest, the softness a stark contrast to the hard nipple rubbing insistently against mine.  I opened my mouth and let my tongue tenderly explore her lips, her teeth, and then on into her mouth, probing for her tongue.  I felt her respond, her own tongue flicking its way against the tender prodding it was getting.  Her breathing was becoming more labored, coming in short jerky gasps as her passion mounted.   My hand traced a light path across her belly, raising to cup her other breast in my palm, hefting it, weighing its fullness, then rolling her hard nipple between my fingers.  My throbbing penis was pressed tightly against her thigh, leaking it sticky lubricant into a puddle on the top of her leg, and leaving a wet trail as I moved lower to take one of her hard little nipples into my mouth.
	"Ohhhh Billy", she moaned, as I continued sucking on her nipple, "ohhhh I want you so much.  I want you inside me Billy.   I want to fuck you till you see stars, the way I am".
	"Me too, honey", I groaned, raising up and starting to move between her parted legs.
	"But we can't Billy", she whimpered, "we just can't.  You're my brother....I'm your sister.  It would be incest", she finished , almost crying.
	"I know", I whispered quietly to her, "I just thought that after this afternoon, and being naked together......well I just thought it would be okay".
	"But we haven't fucked yet, Billy, .....we haven't actually fucked.  I think that is what makes the difference".
	"I guess so", I admitted, "but I still want you just as bad." 
	"Here comes Mom, lets ask her.  She's been pretty cool and open about answering our questions".
	"Okay sis, I guess we got nothin to lose and everything to gain".  I raised to one elbow and watched as Mom approached.  She was carrying the aluminum foil wrapped dinners in her arms.  She was barefoot and gingerly picking her way toward the fire.
	"Billy", she called, "rake an nice flat spot in the coals so we can get these things cooking".
	I got up, my cock dribbling pre-cum onto Jill's belly, and stepped over and done as Mom had asked.  She squatted down to place the dinners on the coals.  Her legs were spread wide, her pussy staring me right in the face.  I noticed that her cunt hair was more matted down, then realized that it was sopping wet.  White globs of cum dripped from her gaping slit and the insides of her thighs were wet and sticky.   She looked up at me, smiling, "See anything you like", she asked, giggling.
	"You know I do", I retorted quickly, my cock jerking and twitching in front of me, "but Jill and I have a few questions we'd like to ask you if it's okay".
	"Sure hun, I'll try to answer anything I can".
	I cleared my throat and glanced nervously at Jill.  She just mouthed "go ahead" at me and grinned sheepishly
	"Uh....Mom", I began awkwardly, "Uh....Jill and I were worried about getting her pregnant........and....uh..what about incest.  Is it okay if Jill and I have sex?"
	Mom smiled softly at us.	
	"I'm glad your thinking about these things", she explained, "if you weren't, you'd be no better than rutting animals.  I think I can at least answer your questions a little bit".  She turned to ward Jill and continued, "Remember those vitamin pills I've been giving you for the last few months?"  When Jill nodded she went on, smiling conspiratorially, "those were actually birth control pills, so I don't think you have to worry about getting pregnant.  As for the other, you'll have to make up your own minds, but if you promise not to say a word to anyone I'll let you in on a secret".
	Both Jill and I nodded our heads in agreement and she went on.
	"I've had a sexual relationship with my family members since I was your age Jill.  I don't believe it's  harmed me in any way.  In fact, I think it's made me a more loving person than I may have been otherwise."
	"Who were they with Mom?", both Jill and I chorused in unison.
	"Ya want me to kiss and tell?", Mom giggled, then to our yeah, yeah, yeah, she went on, "Well lets see, there was my dad, my brother, my mom.........do ya  want me to tell all of them?"
	"No Mom, I think we get the idea", I said, grinning from ear to ear.
	"Okay then, I guess I'd better get back in the trailer before your dad blows a gasket", she replied as she got up.  Before leaving she spread her legs, bent over and grinned at me from between her legs, "Getting any wild ideas?", she inquired.
	I reached up and ran my finger between the lips of her juicy pussy, smearing the gobs of cum all over her puffy red cunt lips, "I don't know", I replied, "If something comes up I'll call ya".  
	"Don't forget to turn those dinners over in about twenty minutes", she grinned as she started toward the trailer, "and it looks to me like something is already up".
	We watched as she moved toward the trailer, the slight sway of her shoulders offset by the exaggerated movement of her hips.  She looked back at us as she climbed the steps to the trailer and with only a slight wave of her hand, went inside.  Jill and I looked each other, suddenly self conscious, aware that we had been given free rein to express our emotions any way we liked.  
	I looked at Jill, reached out for her and she slowly melted into my arms.  I lowered my lips to hers, softly seeking permission.  Her lips opened and her tongue flicked against mine.  I raised up and looked into her eyes, smiled tenderly at her as I kissed each lovely eye.
	"Be gentle with me, Billy", she whispered softly, "this will be my first time".
	I gazed into her eyes with true love, amazed that my sister was so willing to give herself to me so willingly.   Our mouths met again, this time with more force.  Our lips entwined and out tongues wrestled in joyous frenzy.   My hands caressed her body with a feather touch, tracing the sweet swell of her breast to the pointy nipple at their crest.  Firmly I pulled them, rolling them between my thumb and finger till her breath was gasping hotly into my mouth.  Lower my hands traveled, almost as if they had a mind of their own.  Across the flat plains of her stomach to the crater of her navel, exploring the tiny indentation lovingly, then lower to the soft shrubbery of her pubic hair.  She moaned as my fingers trailed through the luxurious tangle surrounding her pussy, searching for the trail that led to the valley I knew was there.  I felt a moistness beneath my fingers and let my fingers softly caress the puffy hills enclosing the sweetness I was searching for.  Deeper and deeper my fingers probe between the puffiness of her nether lips, until finally I find the entrance to the tunnel of our desires.
	Her heels were pressed tightly against her ass and her knees were spread as wide as she could get them as her ass raised, pushing against my invading fingers.  Her juices were flowing being stirred by my fingers, then spread over the full length of her slit.   Her clit was poking its head from between the soft flesh enclosing it, so I used some of the sticky lubricant to gently massage it.  Her hips bucked wildly as I slowly spread the lubricant all over her hot cunt, each time coming back to caress the little bump that was so sensitive. 
	"Ohhhh, Billy", she moaned, "put your cock in me now.  I need it so bad.  You've made me so hot".
	"Okay , hun", I softly replied, kneeling between her legs and taking my pulsing cock in my hand.  I rubbed the swollen purple head up and down the length of her slit, coating it with the slippery juices that were flowing so freely.   I placed the head at the entrance of her tunnel and slowly pressed it into her.  I stopped as I got the head inside, gently withdrawing a little then pushing it in a little farther.
	"Does that hurt you, babe", I asked quietly, "if I start hurting you let me know".
	"Aaagggghhh", she groaned, "It feels soooo gooood.  You're stretching me so wide.  I feel like you're gonna split me wide open.  But it feel really nice."
	"Okay, but stop me if I'm hurting you to bad", I grunted, starting a motion that drove me deeper each with each thrust.   Soon my cock was buried completely inside her, my balls laying tightly against her ass.   Her hips raised to meet each thrust, grinding her clit against the base of my cock each time it fully penetrated her.    Her breath became a singsong whining and her legs wrapped around my hips, forcing me completely inside her slippery cunt with each thrust.  I was resting on my elbows and knees, hips pumping wildly as she began to reach the top of the mountain we were climbing.
	"Billy, Billy, Billy", she wailed, as the waves of ecstacy washed over her, "do it harder, faster, deeper.   Ohhh, God, it feels so good", she screamed, as clamping her legs tightly around me, holding me entirely inside her, she came with a glass shattering scream.  I rested on top of her for a few minutes, my throbbing hardon still buried inside her.  I glanced at the trailer and saw Mom and Dad grinning at us.  Mom gave me the thumbs up sign, then they went back to what ever they were doing.
	Jill loosened her death grip on me and I raised up off her.   Her eyes were watery and unfocused but her breathing was slowing to a more normal rate.  I grinned down at her and gave a couple of quick pumps.   She closed her eyes and moaned softly.
	"Get on your hands and knees", I told her, pulling my cock out of her hot snatch, "it's my turn now".
	She quickly rolled over and raised her ass toward me, opening her juicy, red pussy for my inspection.  I moved behind her and positioning my cock head between those very juicy lips, slid back into the warm clasping grip of her pussy.  I started taking long, slow strokes, sinking my glistening rod clear to her cervix.   Mom startled me as she spoke from directly behind me.
	"Did ya forget to turn the dinners over", she asked, grinning at my discomfiture at being caught in such a compromising position.
	"Oh geez, Mom", I gasped, "I did forget, but I've been kinda busy".
	"I noticed", she said, chuckling softly, "I'll take care of it for you.  Wouldn't want to interrupt anything important".
	"Thanks Mom" I grunted, continuing the long slow strokes I was taking.  Jill was starting to moan again as the tingling feeling started deep within her stomach.   Mom looked at her, watched her push her ass back to capture my invading prick, watched her grind her pussy against me at the completion of each stroke and listened to the heightening wail emitting from her half open lips.
	"Mmmm....I guess she does take after me", she breathed softly, "at least she acts a hell of a lot like me."  She grinned at me, then turned the dinners over and made her way back to the trailer.
	I continued fucking sis, then reached down and raised on leg up over mine.  It opened her up to a burst of short quick thrusts, and brought a moan of appreciation from between her parted lips.
	"O God, Billy", she moaned, "I'm going to hit again".  Her ass twisted against me, trying to envelop me in her hot, clutching pussy.   I continued the pounding I was giving her and felt the now familiar tingle start at the base of my spine, moving to my tightening balls and on through my pulsing cock.
	"I'm coming, sis", I hissed through clenched teeth, as my cock jerked and spurted its load of hot creamy cum deep into her clasping cunt.  As she felt my cock jerk and spray into her, she went into a long quivering orgasm that left us both spent and panting, laying in a sweaty, cum soaked heap on the blanket.  We rolled into each others arms, just holding on to each other, not saying anything.  Finally Mom came out to retrieve the tinfoil dinners from the fire.
	"Guess we'd better go see how bad these are burnt", Mom quipped, grinning like a fox that got away with the chicken, "Seems everyone has been too busy to watch them".
	We gathered up the dinners and followed Mom back into the trailer.  Dad was setting at the table, a well satisfied smile on his face, his cock all soft and gooey between his legs.  I looked at mom.  She had a contented look on her face too, her cunt hair was wet and sticky, matted down by the copious amount a sperm that had been deposited there this evening.  Her cunt lips were red and puffy, attesting to the vigorous pumping she had received and her nipples were still wet and hard from the sucking they'd got.  Jill and me weren't in any better condition, except we were more self conscious about it.
	We sat at the table and ravenously ate the dinners.  They weren't burned and were actually delicious.   I guess fucking whets the appetite.  When we were finished, I helped Mom clean up the mess, then asked, "What's the sleeping arrangements for tonight?"
	"Well", Mom said hesitantly, looking back and forth between Jill and me, "We thought we could all sleep in the trailer on the big bed, there's plenty of room.  We can open up a couple of sleeping bags and lay them on the bottom, then two more to spread over us.   Should be plenty warm this time of year".
	"Sounds good to me", I said, getting up and started fixing the bed, "I'm pooped.  Think I need some beauty sleep.  Who's gonna sleep where?"
	It was decided that Dad would sleep against one wall and me against the other with Mom next to him and Jill in between Mom and me.   We all crawled in, turned out the lights and soon were all fast asleep.  Sometime during the night I had to get up to go to the bathroom and when I got back Jill had rolled over against the wall. Instead of waking her I just crawled in between her and Mom and went back to sleep.
	I awoke in the morning as the sun was just beginning to peek up over the trees, but that wasn't what awoke me.    The moans and groans coming from Mom was what woke me from a sound sleep.  That and a piss hardon.    She was laying on her side facing me, her face within a foot of mine, her eyes, though a little glazed, looking straight into mine.
	I raised up on my elbow and watched as Dad's stiff cock pounded my Mom's sopping pussy.    He had one of her legs held high in the air, opening her wide for his thrusting prick.  I watched as he shoved it in, then slowly withdrew till just the head was still inside her slippery sheath, the soft pink flesh of her inner lips clinging moistly to him.  Her juice was streaming from her gooey cunt, spreading onto her belly and thighs.   Mom's tits were bouncing and jiggling at every thrust, timed to the sudden expulsion of her breath as he touched her cervix at the end of each stroke.   I watched for a few minutes, then slowly leaned forward and kissed her.  Her lips were warm and moist as I softly pressed against her, parting slightly as she felt the tip of my tongue probe between her teeth, searching for her tongue.   Her tongue flicked out tentatively, pushing into my mouth, dancing across my lips and then battling my invading tongue enthusiastically.     I raised back up and looked over her shoulder at Dad.   He just smiled back at me, continuing his rhythmic thrusts and said,
	"She likes her tits played with, Billy.  Think you can handle that?"
	I didn't need anyone to hit me over the head with a baseball bat.   I reached out and ran my fingers over her chest, cupping one gorgeous tit in the palm of my hand as I bent my head to claim the throbbing nipple between by lips.
	"Ohhh, Billy", she moaned, none to quietly, "suck my nipple.  That feels so good.  Bite them for me, honey.  Harder!  Ohhhh!!!"
	"I'm coming, oh god, I'm coming", I heard my Dad gasp.  I watched as my Dad withdrew his throbbing shaft from between the lips of her gaping hole and shot spurt after spurt of thick, creamy sperm all over her belly and pussy.   After a moment he fell back, his rapidly deflating cock laying limply on Mom's thigh.
	"Don't stop now", Mom pleaded, "I was almost there".
	"Sorry, hun", Dad replied, weakly, "I've just about had it".
	"Oh shit", Mom groaned, "I was so close".    Her eyes opened, looked deep into mine, almost pleading as she asked, "Billy.......Billy honey......finish your mama, pleeaaaase!"
	I looked over at Dad.  He just smiled and nodded his approval.   Mom rolled onto her back as I scooted into position between her legs.  She drew her legs up against her breasts as I took my stiff cock and rubbed the head up and down her gooshey furrow, lubricating it with her and dad's mixed juices.
	"Oh Baby, put it in.  Shove it in all the way", she groaned, her lust filled eyes watching as I placed the head in the proper position.   I pushed and slid easily into her sloppy cunt until my balls were resting on the smooth slick globes of her ass.
	"Uuggghhhhh", she gasped, as the tip of my cock bottomed out against the mouth of her cervix, "Ohhhh, baby, fuck me hard.  Slam your prick into me.  Make me cummmmm!"
	I glanced over at Dad and Jill.  They were both watching, dad with a look of approval, Jill with amazed eyes.   Mom reached up and pulled me down on her, her legs wrapping around my back, heels pressed tightly against my ass, pulling my prick ever deeper into her.  Her arms went around my neck and pulled me tightly against her, squashing her tits against my chest. I could feel the wet stickiness of dad's cum squishing between us, making soft slurping sounds as our bodies ground together.  Her moans were loader now, almost a constant wail as she strove for release.  I kept pounding my body into hers, trying to help her reach the pinnacle that she strove for, pushing for the wave of release to wash over her.
	"Oh God, Billy", she moaned between clenched teeth, her face grimacing as she began to tremble and quiver in my arms, "I'm cumming!  Oh baby fuck me harder!  Faster! Aaaaaahhhhh!"
	I continued to slam my hard rod into her spasaming pussy, feeling the slippery sheath clutch and flutter around me as I neared my own release.  The walls of her cunt gripped me, milking my prick with its velvety walls.  I could feel my balls tightening, the sudden swelling of my prick to even larger dimensions, and the sudden jerking as I started to spurt my hot creamy cum deep into her quivering body.
	"I'm cumming, Mom", I gasped, as my seed spurted into her, "I'm filling your hot cunt with my cum."
	We collapsed in each others arms, bodies trembling, breath slowly returning to normal.  We lay there several minutes luxuriating in the warmth and closeness we felt with each other.  Never had we felt this close before.   This was my mother and we had just fucked each others brains out.   We had taken our relationship to a whole different plane.
	Jill reached out and tentatively touched me, running her hand softly down my back and gently cupping my ass.   I looked over at her and wearily smiled.
	"Morning Sis".
	"Morning Billy, getting your morning workout, I see".
	I looked down at mom and smiled, "I'd say so, best morning exercise I've ever had".
	Mom started giggling, looked up at me and said, "If you'd get off me, we'd get up and take a shower.   I could sure use one."
	I rolled over, my wet, gooey cock sliding out of her just as gooey cunt and flopped against my leg.   Mom got up then reached down for me.
	"Come on kid", she giggled, "this is a two person operation.  We only have so much water so we just wet down, then soap and scrub up, then rinse.  I get to stand there. You have to do all the work.  Then vice a versa.  Then Dad and Jill can use the shower while I fix breakfast.  Okay?"
	I got up and followed her into the little bathroom.  It was so small I was standing pressed against her, my limp gooey cock sliding gently between her ass cheeks.  I thought of running my soapy hands all over her fabulous body, over her tits and through her bushy pussy hair.  My cock started to pulsate as my thoughts went even farther.  I shook my head in wonder.
	"Damn", I muttered to myself, "I think I'm going to like vacationing with my parents".

   
	
	 
	   
	 



.  
		
 	
	
		
	
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....