Archive-name: Bestial/summvacn.txt
Archive-author: BeastBoy    (c) 1993
Archive-title: How I spent my Summer Vacation


Copyright 1993 by BeastBoy
All Rights Reserved

Disclaimer: This is NOT a true story, even though I wish it was!

     When I was about twenty years old, I was invited to spend most of a 
summer at the farm of a friend of the family. I was a sophomore in 
college at that time, and it looked like a good way to get away from the 
grind for a while. I had been living in an apartment attached to my 
parents place at that time, and was regularly fucking the horses 
there, and also this looked like a good opportunity to try out some other 
species.

     I arrived at the Nebraska farm at the end of June. I had never met 
the people before, but my folks had known them for many years. They had 
two kids: Clare was 18, and a little homely looking, and John was 20.  
He was handsome and trim.  Both were in college in Nebraska and living 
at home.  They eyed me with some suspicion when I pulled up in the 
drive, got out and introduced myself to the family. They took me on a 
tour of the place, which was over two hundred acres, and I soon found out 
what a gold mine this place was to be for an animal loving person such 
as myself.  They had a male and several females of everything: goats, 
sheep, horses... the works.  I had to curb my enthusiasm and wait for 
the golden opportunity.

     For the first two weeks, I helped out on the farm with the normal 
chores. The two kids kept an eye on me for a while, but soon accepted me 
as a fixture around the place, and we became good friends.  I was going 
to bed horny every night, and I found that jerking off was not doing the 
job... I needed an animal!

     After the third week, I had the complete run of the place and was 
trusted by the family. Then during that week, while I was working in the 
barn, the father appeared and told me he was taking the family into 
Hastings for the day, and for me to hold down the fort.  They would 
not be back before dark.  I told them they could rely on me, and inwardly 
thought, now is the time.  A little later I heard their car drive away 
from the farm. I went out and checked around and sure enough I was 
alone.

     I couldn't decide what animal to try first. I finally settled on 
the goats. I had never tried one before, but they looked very sexy and 
every day I would see the nannies with their tails straight up walking 
around.  I went out to the goat area and selected two nice does.  One 
was a solid gray, and the other a white one with big dark spots.  They 
were in excellent condition and very clean and most important of all, 
they were in heat.  I could tell from the swollen, dripping cunts.  I 
took them in the barn.  I found some milking stands in the barn, and I 
put the spotted one one stand so she would be high enough for me to reach 
and tied the other one next to her. Then I went back for the billy.

     The billy goat was a beautiful solid black Nubian. He was about 
five years old and had done a lot of breeding.  He was well muscled and 
had a pair of large nuts. I led him to the door of the barn and he came 
to attention when he saw the two nannies.  I stood there for a moment 
and let him call to the nannies, who answered him with quiet bleats.  I 
went to my knees and started petting him, then running my hand down his 
back legs to his balls. As soon as I touched them, my own cock started 
to stir. Since I was alone, I took off my pants and shorts, leaving only 
the T-shirt on, then went back to play with those hot nuts.  I reached 
under him with my other hand and started stroking his sheath.  It didn't 
take him long to erect, probably because of the nearby nannies.  I 
wanted to suck him off, but decided tosave that for later.  For today, I 
had planned for the two of us to fuck the nannies side by side.  I led 
him up to the gray goat and let him sniff her. She immediately squatted 
and sent a stream of hot piss right on his nose. I had an enormous boner 
by then, so we just let nature take her course.

     The billy mounted up and I helped him get in her.  I watched 
closely, fascinated by the sight of the billy's cock pistoning in and 
out of the doe's swollen cunt.  After a minute, I stood up and sunk my 
cock into the spotted goat on the stand.  Because of the stand, I 
was directly in line with her cunt.  I put my arm over the billy's back 
and we started fucking in unison.  The billy beat me to an orgasm, and 
just as he came he lost his footing and his cock came out squirting.  He 
pumped three or four squirts all over the goat's genitals, then 
dismounted and walked away.  I looked down and studied the gray goat's 
pussy.  It was soaking wet with her juices and piss, and the goat's 
thick bestial sperm was all over her asshole and pussy, with some 
dripping from inside.  That was more than I could take.

     I pulled out of the spotted goat and sat on the barn floor behind 
the gray goat, and glued my mouth to her slimy cunt.  I tounged 
vigorously for a couple of minutes, savoring the taste of the billy's 
sperm and the other juices.  I then realized that I needed to come 
myself.  I had to squat to reach her, but I was not to be denied sloppy 
seconds from a billy goat!  I was so excited by this new experience that 
it didn't take me long to come.  I grabbed her hips and screamed as my 
cock pumped her full of my load. After that I was exhausted, and totally 
drained. The only thing I could do was slip off her and settle to the 
barn floor behind her.  That's when I heard a sound at the door.

     I looked over and saw the family's two kids standing in the doorway.  
John had his cock out of his pants and was slowly playing with it.  I 
was shocked and couldn't do anything but stare at them.

     Clare was first to say something. "That was beautiful," she said."I 
just knew you were a seasoned animal lover when I met you."

     "How long have you been there?" I asked, thinking that a long kept 
secret had just been discovered. "I thought you went to town."

     "Since you started," John said. "We told Dad we should stay here
and do some chores for them while they were gone."

     "Are you going to tell what you saw?"

     "Shit, no!" John responded, "We were hoping you we into animals, so 
we could all have some fun together this summer." They were both 
shucking their clothes.  "I really enjoyed watching you eat her.  Have 
you ever eaten out a mare in heat?  They're really great!"

     "Enough talk," Clare said, "Let's have some fun." She grasped 
John's cock and stroked it a couple of times.  "You're leaking,"she 
observed, "You better get plugged into one of those beasts before you 
shoot all over the floor.  And you," she looked at me, "if you are going 
to have sex with animals, you should be naked like they are.  Take off 
the T-shirt.  I'll go see if the billy has any strength left."

     I was still shocked and just sat where I was and watched. Clare 
went to where the billy was standing. He had found some hay and was 
quietly munching. Clare sat on the floor behind him and started playing 
with his balls.  Her other hand was stroking her pussy.  John stepped 
up to the spotted goat, and with one stroke sunk his cock in to the 
balls.  He grunted his approval of her.  Then he pulled his cock back 
slowly and just teased her cunt with the head before sinking it back in 
and then repeating the process.  I was only inches away and he was 
obviously showing off for me.  I was starting to get hard again watching 
this. John then reached down, stuck two fingers in the gray goat's cunt, 
and scooped out some of the mixture. Then while staring me right in the 
eye, he slowly licked his fingers clean.

     "You better get your tongue up her cunt before all that 
wonderful juice goes to waste," he said. "You should always clean up your 
animal after a fuck."  I was feeling more comfortable now and I no longer 
feared exposure, but I had never had animal sex in front of anyone 
before, so I stayed where I was.  "Come on, buddy, eat her out," John 
teased, "I'll hold her tail for you."

     I looked over to see what Clare was doing. She was still stroking 
the billy's balls, but now had put her head under his tail and was 
noisily licking his asshole. I looked back at John and he smiled.  I 
decided then, what the hell.  This was another new experience, that I 
did not want to miss.

     I smiled back, took off my T-shirt, and moved to the waiting goat.

--
