Archive-name: 3plus/sumrcamp.txt
Archive-author: Eager Beaver
Archive-title: Summer Camp Counselor


    I wanted to get showered early so I would get a good start on my 
first day as a camp counselor. The first set of campers would not show 
up for two weeks yet, but there was preliminary work to do, and I had 
never been a camp counselor before. I nervously stepped out from my 
cabin, wearing only a robe and beach sandals, and headed for the 
communal shower/toilet that served this cluster of cabins. I hadn't 
walked around out in the open naked for a year or so and wearing just 
the robe began to get me horny. Being early, I would be able to get 
some relief in the shower. 
    I stepped into the bathhouse and was startled to hear a guy's 
voice, telling someone to 'Suck it deep, baby'. I slowly stepped toward 
the shower room and peeked around the corner. There on the floor was 
Janet, a senior counselor. She was in charge of the cabin next to mine. 
She was also on her hands and knees, with one cock in her mouth and a 
second cock in her cunt. Two well-built (and naked) male counselors 
were pumping her from both ends. The guys did not see me. They were 
intent on one thing, shooting a load of spunk into Janet. My hand 
instinctively went inside my robe and I began fingering my slit. The 
guy who fucking Janet from behind began to pump faster, harder. 

    'Here is a load of cum for you, Slut', he said as he plunged into 
her and stayed deep. The guy in her mouth quickly pulled out and 
declared that it was now his turn in her cunt. Janet seemed to be as 
slutty (if not more) than any of my sorority sisters. She told the guy 
from her cunt to come up from so she could clean him off. While the 
second guy was beginning his fuck, a long semi-soft cock was dangled in 
front of Janet and she began to lick it clean. By now, my cunt was very 
hot and very wet, and my finger was working its way deeper and deeper 
into my fuckhole. Soon Janet's oral attentions had produced an erect 
cock for her to suck on. The guy behind her was pounding away at her 
cunt and quickly added his load of cum to her cunt.
     
    As soon as the guy in her cunt recovered a bit she said they had 
better get back to their cabins. They began to slip on bathing suits 
and Janet gave each cock a good-bye kiss (and suck). I slipped backward 
into one of the toilet stalls and closed the door. I heard the guys 
leave and then the shower start up. I was very hot and wanted to finish 
my finger fuck, but I was worried that Janet would catch me. So I went 
out into the shower room as if I had just arrived. When I said hello to 
Janet, she turned to me and asked if I enjoyed the show. I was a bit 
startled and Janet said she had seen me when the guys switched places. 
She said that the first guy was a good fucker and that the second guy 
was a new counselor this year. She asked again if I had enjoyed the 
show. I finally said that I had enjoyed watching them. 
    
    I was now naked and soaping up under the shower facing away from 
Janet. I heard her moan and turned to look over my shoulder at her. She 
was leaning back against the wall with one hand cupping a tit and the 
other feverishly rubbing her cunt. When she saw me looking, she said 
that the studs were good but they just were not enough. I giggled and 
she told me to turn around and finish myself off too. I was a bit 
embarrassed but decided that my horny cunt needed relief. I turned and 
leaned on the wall to face her. Janet said that the guys would love my 
shaven cunt. I told her the guys back at school certainly did. I began 
to work on my cunt as quickly as possible. I began to mimic Janet's 
actions, cupping one of my tits in my left hand, tweaking and pulling 
on the nipple. My right hand went immediately for my slit and began 
poking into my hole. Janet began to thrash around as her orgasm arrived 
and mine followed very quickly. By the time I recovered, Janet had 
finished washing and was drying herself off. I quickly finished washing 
and joined her at the benches. Janet said she could introduce me to 
the better studs if I was interested in just screwing for fun. I told 
her I was always interested in screwing.
     
    That night at dinner, Janet told me to meet her in the shower early 
the next morning for an staff introduction. I masturbated twice that 
night fantasizing about who she was going to introduce me to in the 
shower. The next morning I woke up very early and hurried to the 
bathhouse. I went inside to find Janet and the head lifeguard/swim 
instructor. I had been introduced to him yesterday but had not noticed 
the immense bulge in his speedo's that was evident today. Janet 
introduced us and as we shook hands, she began to pull down his 
swimsuit. She suggested I kneel in front of him and help. Slowly we 
eased the suit off his tight muscular ass and then down off his bulging 
cock. His tool was at least ten inches long and it wasn't completely 
hard yet. Janet and I stood up and she began to remove my robe. I was 
still facing him when the robe opened and he saw my hairless cunt. 
When he whistled his approval, Janet said she knew he would like my 
cunt. She pushed us toward the showers and told us to hurry up the 
washing part so we could get to the fun. We quickly turned on the water 
and each began soaping up a washcloth. When we turned toward each 
other, we noticed that Janet had left us alone and we began to wash 
each other. He was big and muscular and hard (very hard when I washed 
his cock and balls). He was gentle and washed everything but he did pay 
more attention to my tits and cunt and ass than he did to my back or 
arms.

    When we were all soaped up, we rinsed off and I knelt down in front 
of him. I was staring at this large hard pleasure pole, hoping that he 
was as good a fucker as his cock looked. I cupped his balls in one hand 
and began to lick up and down his wet shaft. After slowly licking the 
full length of his cock, I switched to fast short flicks, starting at 
his balls, moving sideways and up until I flicked all around his 
cockhead. He took my head in his hands and I opened my mouth and 
allowed him to slide his cock across my tongue and into my mouth. I got 
half of his shaft into my mouth when his head touched the back of my 
throat. I closed my mouth and sucked hard and pulled back until just 
his head was in my mouth. I released the pressure and let him push his 
way back in. We alternated this sucking and fucking until his cock grew 
in width until I could only take a quarter of his cock. I backed off 
and licked him from balls to cockhead again. He suggested we move to 
the benches to continue. I laid back on the bench with my ass right on 
the end. I spread my legs as he knelt in front of me. He pulled my bare 
cuntlips open with his thumbs and began a fierce lapping at my clit. In 
just moments I was cumming. He never slipped his tongue (or finger) 
into my hole, but I was cumming anyway. He stood up, lifted my legs and 
quickly pushed his rod into my hot, horny fuckhole. I was still 
recovering from my orgasm as he pushed his whole length into me. His 
cock went in all way to his balls. And he began pounding. Hard, fast 
pounding fuck. I did not feel much of his fucking, but I came again, 
and he came right after me. We were now worn out and very sweaty. Janet 
came back in (she had been watching us from the doorway) and hurried us 
back into the shower before heading back to our cabins. After Mr. 
Lifeguard left, Janet said he wasn't a great licker or a warm lover but 
he could really pound a girl to orgasm. My tender cunt and I agreed. 
He was not my choice for a lifetime lover, but he would definitely do 
for a quicky.
     
    In the weeks that followed, Janet introduced me to the rest of her 
list of sex partners. I screwed one guy in the boat house. She took me 
in there, stripped off my swimsuit and then brought him in. After some 
introductory kissing (Janet was always watching now), Janet had me turn 
around and bend over a sawhorse that she had padded with some towels. 
She had him quickly fuck my cunt to one orgasm and then she told him to 
fuck my ass. Without a word, he moved his cock to my backdoor and 
plunged in. I love getting my asshole fucked so I gave no resistance. A 
few more plunges and I was receiving his load of cum. Another time 
Janet introduced me to the Stable Master (older guy - maybe twice my 
age) and his head riding instructor. They stripped off my t-shirt and 
bra and sucked on both of my nipples at the same time. I almost came 
from just that. We eventually all got naked and the riding instructor 
laid down on a hay bale and had me mount him. Janet helped guide his 
cock as I sat down and impaled myself on his fuck stick. I began riding 
him, bouncing up and down on his cock. Janet was sucking the stable 
master right next to us and he occasionally swatted my ass. My speed 
picked up as I enjoyed the cock ride, until I was blindly bouncing my 
way to an orgasm. I collapsed on top of my riding instructor and he 
held me tight. Janet used some of her own cum to lubricate my asshole 
and she guided the stable master's slathered cock into my butthole to 
finish the sex sandwich. The stable master was now in charge. His 
motions, long deep plunges in and long strokes out, drove me up and 
down the riding instructors cock, fucking him more, fucking him to 
orgasm. Finally the stable master shot his load into my ass.
     
    Near the end of the summer, we had a theatrical troupe join our 
camp. Before they arrived, Janet asked me if I trusted her enough to 
have sex with one of her friend's with a blindfold on. She told me, I 
would get the best cuntlicking I would EVER get. She said her 
cuntlicking friend was in the troupe and would only do it if I was 
blindfolded. Since I had cum from every sexual encounter Janet had 
arranged (some more than once, and more when I arranged the meeting), I 
decided to trust Janet. I agreed to wear a blindfold while getting my 
horny cunt licked. 
     
    A few days later (after the troupe had arrived), Janet met me in the 
bathhouse again. I had watched the guy's in the troupe while they 
unpacked their gear and I would not have objected to any of them. Janet 
and I stripped off our robes and she put a blindfold on me. She helped 
me sit on the bench and she went to get the cuntlicker. When she 
returned, she sat behind me and pulled me back to lay against her. At 
her instruction, I pulled my legs up and open, holding them behind the 
knees. My hairless cunt and ass were now available for anyone to see. 
Janet reached down to my cunny and pulled my lips open. She told the 
cuntlicker that she knew my cunt would be hot and creamy already. I 
felt the tip of a tongue slowly work its way up my inner lips from 
bottom to top and then around my exposed clitty. I didn't feel any 
lips, just the tip of a tongue going around and around my clit. The 
tongue moved down to the opening to my cunthole and began to work at my 
inner lips. The pleasure of this tongue was begining to build. This was 
definately a good cuntlicker. The tongue began to go deeper, wiggling 
its way into my pleasure hole. As it moved in, the tongue rubbed both 
the left and right sides of my hole. I had had guys really try to lick 
the cum out of me but this tongue was getting deep enough to do it. 
Deeper and deeper, more and more pleasure, this tongue wiggled and 
rubbed and was going to make me cum. I knew Janet was talking to this 
cuntlicker but I did not notice what she was saying until I heard her 
say, "Now, really tongue-fuck this slut." The tongue pulled out and it 
lapped at my clit and then plunged into me. God, that tongue must have 
been long, it felt like a cock or a finger driving into me. It pulled 
out and plunged in again, deeper. I was begining to cum, and I begged 
for a fucking. The tongue began plunging in and out faster, like a real 
fucking. Faster, deeper, no tongue can be that long, but it went deep. 
Finally, I was cumming, thrashing around as if this was my first 
orgasm. Janet had to hold my legs to keep me from crushing the head at 
my cunt. I reached down and grabbed this head and helped it pump its 
tongue deep into me. At the peak of my pleasure, I just pulled the head 
tight against my hole and held it there. The tongue deep inside slowly 
moved around rubbing at the walls of my cunt. I had cum from the BEST 
tongue fuck I had ever had. When I relaxed enough to release the head 
between my legs, Janet slowly removed my blindfold and I saw the blonde 
head of the troupe's lead female dancer. I asked if she was the best 
cuntlicker in the world and she said " of course", and let out a 6 inch 
tongue to flick at my clit. This girl had the longest tongue I had ever 
seen and she knew how to use it in a cunt. I knew she would make a lot 
of girls very happy. 

--
