                 SUMMER SEX EDUCATION

        Professor Vick Holmes was a tired man.  Since his
        divorce last year life had been lonely and boring; he went
        and taught high school because his bitch ex-wife got him
        blacklisted from every college in the state.  She'd also
        sucked him dry of funds so he couldn't move elsewhere.  He
        was lucky to have this job as it was.

        Summer came, and he was still desperate for money.  So
        he taught summer school--sex education, in fact, and sex was
        something he'd been without for a long time.  It didn't help
        standing there in front of all those students, particularly
        the nubile young girls in their short skirts and talk about
        it.

        There was one in particular he couldn't take his eyes
        off.  Her name was Molly.  She was a cute girl, petite,
        slender, with dark curly hair that played all about her
        shoulders and bright green eyes.  She had nice, full breasts
        and long legs that really looked good to him.

        Molly was a quiet girl; she rarely raised her hand, but
        seemed to follow his lessons intently.  He wasn't even sure
        how old she was.  And yet he felt drawn to her, drawn to her
        luscious young body.

        He lay awake at night, masturbating wildly to fantasies
        about her: she seducing him, he seducing her.  He could
        taste her, feel her warm body against his...

        Suddenly the doorbell rang.  He looked out the window
        and saw Molly standing there.  It was Saturday, not a school
        day; what was she doing here?

        He looked out at her, feeling his cock rise to bulge in
        his loose pants.  She wore a multi-color plaid blouse with
        the sleeves rolled up to her elbows, a white mini skirt that
        clung to her slender thighs, and a pair of white high heels.
         He longed to slide between those slender thighs.

        She rang again and he opened the door.  Molly stood
        there, tears on her softly freckled cheeks.  "Molly, what's
        wrong?", he asked.

        "Oh, Professor Holmes", she cried, and threw herself
        against him, sobbing.  He put his arms around her, his heart
        racing as he rubbed her back, trying to soothe her, desiring
        her more and more and at the same time wanting to hold her
        there against him and be just what he was supposed to be:
        her teacher.

        He closed the door and led her to the couch, sitting
        down with her.  She cried freely, her slender arms around
        his neck, holding tightly to him.  He could have her now. He
        could seduce her and have his way with her.

        He pushed that thought out of his mind.  Molly stopped
        crying and sat up, wiping her cheeks.  "It's my boyfriend,
        Bob", she sniffed.  "He's seeing someone else."

        "Why?", Vick asked, his eyes travelling from her face
        to the front of her blouse.  Her young nipples were erect;
        she wasn't wearing a bra.

        "Because I wouldn't sleep with him", she sniffed, her
        eyes rising to meet his.  "I'm a virgin, you know."

        Vick sighed.  Normally, he might have tried to seduce
        her.  But a virgin...

        "That's understandable", he breathed, wishing is
        erection would go down.

        "It's not that, though", she sighed.  "I want my first
        time to be with somebody special, you know, somebody who
        knows how to make me feel special.  I want to make love."
        She looked into his eyes.  "I want to make love to you."

        Am I hearing this? Vick wondered.  "To me?"

        Molly nodded.  "Please?  I've really liked you for a
        long time.  That's why I took summer school.  Just to see
        you.  I know you'll make me feel special."

        "How old are you?", he asked, his erection becoming so
        hard it hurt.

        She didn't answer.  "Take me please", she begged.

        Fuck it, he thought.  She's got to be at least sixteen.
         Okay, maybe fifteen.  But that's still legal, as long as
        she consents.  Almost.

        He didn't think anymore.  He just leaned down and
        pressed his lips firmly against hers.  They were soft and
        warm and eager.  He kissed her harder, parting them with his
        tongue, darting it into her mouth.  He felt her rough little
        tongue beneath his own, rubbing against him.

        She relaxed in his arms, giving into him.  He would
        make love to her, as romantic and special as he could,
        making her first time so enjoyable and memorable.  He wished
        it could be that way for every girl.

        Still kissing her, he slipped his arm under her smooth,
        hose clad legs and carried her into the bedroom.  He laid
        her down, climbing on top of her, his lips and tongue
        caressing hers.  Slowly he moved around her face, kissing
        her soft cheeks, the side of her face, then moved down to
        her neck.  She closed her eyes and moaned.

        He kissed down further, toward her soft cleavage,
        gently undoing the buttons of her blouse.  He parted it
        slowly, revealing a pair of firm, round breasts with erect
        pink nipples.  He placed his right hand on her right breast
        and massaged it, his tongue licking softly around the left
        one.

        "Oh, yes", she moaned in pleasure, stroking his hair.
        His ran his tongue between her breasts, sending small
        shivers of pleasure through her.  Slowly, softly, he kissed
        his way down her firm, flat stomach to her waist, licking
        her belly button.  She giggled, panting heavily.

        Carefully he undid the belt to her skirt and slid it
        off, carefully taking the top edge of her panty hose as he
        did so and pulled the whole of it to the floor.  She watched
        him do it, smiling.

        A pair of soft pink panties clung to her virgin cunt,
        slightly damp.  He moved up, sliding an arm around her
        shoulders and reaching down with his hand to rub her cunt.
        She began to moan and squirm excitedly.

        He kissed her mouth again, rubbing harder.  She rose
        and squirmed, pressing her cunt against his hand, and then
        suddenly she exploded in a delicious orgasm that left her
        weak and panting.

        He kissed her a bit more, then slipped his arms around
        her and held her close, snuggling her.  She needed to be
        snuggled, he knew.

        She relaxed against him and he did no more for a long
        time.  Finally he sat her up and had her put her shoes on,
        then took her into the kitchen.  She was smiling but looked
        confused.

        "Aren't you going to make love to me?", she asked.
        "I just did", he said, pouring a glass of wine for them
        both.  "There's more to making love than just sex, Molly.
        There's romance.  There's sensitivity.  There's love."

        That word didn't sound odd; he really did love this
        young girl.  He offered her the glass of wine and she sipped
        it slowly, grimacing at first, then drinking more.  He
        didn't give her enough to get drunk on; just enough to help
        her relax.

        She finished it and sat there, looking flushed but
        ready.  He drank his own and led her into the bedroom again
        and laid her down.  Gently he removed her panties and
        sniffed at her tight cunt.  There was just a trace of dark
        hair around it and the smell there was soft, sweet, not
        fishy, like his wife's had been.

        He kissed it, then began to run his tongue along it,
        and she shuddered and began to moan.  Very softly he thrust
        his tongue in and found her erect clit, licking at it,
        teasing it with his tongue.  She let out a sudden shriek and
        a warm gush of cunt juices met his tongue.  He lapped them
        up; they were sweet, just like her.

        He cuddled her once more, stroking her hair, kissing
        her lips.  Then he moved away and undressed.
        She stared at his massive eight inch cock hanging
        stiffly erect in front of her, then reached out and took it
        in her hand.  He moaned with delight; his ex-wife would
        never have done that.  She was get in, fuck me, get out
        type.

        Molly pulled him closer, holding his cock close to her
        lips, and then she kissed it softly.  In his entire life
        he'd only gotten one blowjob, and that had been from his
        first girlfriend, Carrie.  The two of them had been sixteen
        at the time, and she had been eager to please him.  It
        hadn't been the best, but it had been something.  Sometimes
        he wishd he'd married her.

        Carrie thrust her tongue out and moved it around his
        head.  He moaned softly.  Then she took it slowly into her
        mouth, sitting up so she could get it in further.  She
        looked up at him with her bright green eyes, as if she
        didn't know what to do next.

        "Do you want to do this?", he asked, and she moaned a
        yes.  "Just moved your lips back and forth and suck, then."

        She did as he told her and it was instantly wonderful.
        He took her hand and put it against his balls, making her
        rub them.  He knew that way he'd come faster without wearing
        her out.

        She increased her rhythm.  He felt his cock pulse, then
        suddenly he exploded in her mouth.  She looked up at him
        with surprise.

        He didn't intend to make her swallow it, but she did,
        draining him.  He pulled out and sat down beside her, once
        more holding her close.  She put her arms around his neck
        and breathed softly.

        "It tasted so good", she said.

        He kissed her softly and laid her back, ready to enter
        her.  He knew he could stave off coming easily now; he
        didn't want to get her pregnant, and he didn't know if she
        was on the pill.  He also didn't have any rubbers handy.

        He mounted her, putting his arms tightly around her. He
        would do this quickly, hurting her in only one quick shot.
        Looking into her eyes, he placed his cock against her slit
        and shoved.

        He broke her hymen smoothly.  She gasped, her eyes
        opening wide and then closing for a second, and then he
        began to move in short, soft strokes.  Her orgasm exploded
        quickly, and unfortunately, so did he, blowing another load
        into her.

        He held her close and she began to cry softly.  He knew
        she might; most girls did the first time.  She stopped a
        while later and he pulled out, cuddling her close.  They
        fell asleep there in each others arms.

        >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

        They awoke later that afternoon and went to shower
        together.  He went down on her and she went down on him. She
        also assured him not to worry about having blown his load in
        her; she was on the pill, and even showed him the half-empty
        container to prove it.

        So they fucked again, five more times.  They both loved
        every minute of it.  Finally it was time to go.

        Molly dressed, but left her panties behind for him, as
        a souvenier.  As she headed for the door, he stopped her.
        "Molly, tell me.  Just how old are you?"

        She giggled.  "Thirteen."

        His jaw hit the floor.  He felt faint.  She giggled
        again.  "I'm only kidding, professor.  I'm sixteen.  See?"
        She took her drivers license out of her purse and showed
        him.  She put it away and giggled again.  "I lied about my
        boyfriend, too.  I don't have one.  I just wanted...to make
        love to you."

        He kissed her.  "Me too."

                                THE END
