						The Suntan Incident

	I've always liked laying in the hot sun. The feeling of warm sunlight on
my body always makes me more than a little horny.  We'd moved into a nice quiet
neighborhood, and our backyard fence was mostly a stucco wall, done as part of
the spanish motif in which the house was built.  The only part of the wall that
wasn't stucco, were the gates on the sides of the house, and the small section
between us and one of our neighbors, where an old tree had fallen in a storm
last year.  That section was about four feet of vertical two-by-fours that made
up what was a wide gate.
	The backyard was spacious, and there wasn't a two-story anywhere around.
Added to that, the shape of the house itself was an "L" shape, and that left
a nice hidden cubby to do some nude sunbathing.  It was a Friday, and I decided
that since I didn't have to work, I'd stretch out on the patio and make my tan
even out a little.
	I'm lucky, since I'm blonde, that I tan instead of burn.  I'd been keeping
my tan going in a tanning salon, but now I wanted the real thing.  I laid out
some beach towels, a pillow, and an alarm clock so I wouldn't fall asleep and
burn (lessons learned!). I stood in the back yard, and stripped out of my
bikini, small as it was, and rubbed some oil on myself.  The oil was warm and
it felt nice and slippery on my breasts.  I have 32B's with what my husband
calls "perfect" nipples.  They're a bit bigger than half-dollars and a nice
shade of pinkish-brown.  I'm only five foot five, and with 32B-20-34, my hubby
calls me a "sexy tart" (mostly because I love showing off).  I'd rubbed the
oil on my front and stretched out in the sun, feeling relaxed and sensual.
	After a while, the sun was getting to me, making my pussy wet.  I thought
about getting myself off, but decided to roll over.  After putting oil on my
back (as best I could), I rolled over and started to doze off.  Just as I hit
that light, dreamy sleep, a noise woke me up.  I looked around, and saw nothing
and wondered if I'd imagined it as part of a dream.  I started to doze again
when I heard someone moving in the yard next door.  This is the yard where the
hole in the wall was fixed with the two-by-fours.  I listened for a few moments
and then realized that the person was pulling the garden hose to water the
plants.  I heard the water dribbling and figured that I'd be left alone.  Boy!
Was I wrong!
	A few minutes later, the doorbell rang, and I got up and slipped into my
suit.  It was about 85-90 degrees that day, so nobody would say anything.  To
my suprise, it was the youngest of the three girls living next door who stood
on my porch.  She was dressed in a t-shirt, knotted below her breasts, showing
her firm, young tummy, and a pair of cutoff blue jeans that were indecently
short.  I said she was the youngest, and that put her about 18 or 19.  She also
had the most beautiful red hair I'd ever seen.
	The girl asked me if I had a nozzle for a garden hose that she could borrow
to water her yard.  I invited her in and introduced myself, since we hadn't met
formally, but just waved to each other for the last month.  She introduced her-
self as "Sherry" and said that she and her room-mates worked as reservation
clerks for an airline.  We chatted a bit, and went to the garage, looking for
the nozzle.  I looked on the workbench (that my husband never seems to clean),
and then a few shelves.  Sherry asked if she could help, and started looking on
the lower shelves.  She bent over at one point to look in a box of gardening
tools, and I could see her orange pussy hairs peeking out of her shorts.  She
seemed to be trying to give me a show, and I watched as she leaned over even
more, drawing the crotch of her shorts up tight against her pussy.  I could see
her vulva clearly, and her fair, white skin looked so fresh and innocent that
my pussy was getting wet with the ideas running through my head.
	I found the nozzle, and gave it to Sherry.  She thanked me and re-entered
the house.
	"While you're here, could you do me a big favor?" I asked her.  She said
she'd try, and I asked her to put some oil on my back, since I couldn't reach
everywhere, and I didn't want to burn.  Sherry agreed and we went out back to
the towel, where the oil was.
	Sherry noticed that my tits and my ass were both oiled up, and she asked
me if I ever did any nude sunbathing.  I told her that I was doing just that
when she rang the bell.  Sherry rubbed the oil on my back as I answered and
then said "I thought kind of thought so, your boobs are too well oiled for you
to have been wearing much."  I turned around and looked at her, and she kept
rubbing oil on my stomach, working her way down towards my now wet pussy.  Her
hands on my belly were making me so hot that I'd have ripped her clothes off.
I didn't have to.
	Sherry quickly and easily removed her shirt, showing me her firm, round
titties.  She was fair, with freckles, and her nipples were hard and pink. I
could tell she was almost as horny as me.  Sherry rubbed some oil on her left
breast, squeezing her tit and rotating her hips.  I reached up and pinched her
right nipple, tugging gently.  "Oooo yessss, that makes me soooo hot!" she said.
	We flowed into each other's arms and kissed, her tounge finding mine and
our bellies pressed firmly together.  My slippery belly slid against her warm
skin, and she seemed to become a snake, writhing and rubbing against me.  My
hands found the buttons of her shorts and I pulled them off, revealing the most
beautiful cunt bush I'd ever seen!  Her bush was an orange mat of hair, nicely
kept, and trimmed nicely between her legs.  "Oh!  That's beautiful" I gushed,
"I have to kiss you there!"
	Sherry and I lay down, and she leaned back, spreading her legs.  While I
kissed her labia and rubbed my nose in her gorgeous bush, she rubbed some more
oil on herself.  Pretty soon, her body was as slick and slippery with the oil
as my face was with her juices.  Sherry moaned and writhed in a very pleasing
way each time she came.  And it seemed like she could go on forever.  By now,
my suit was tossed aside, and I was dripping from my excitement.
	Sherry scrambled around under me, and started sucking my clit.  This girl
knew how to use her tounge!!  She had me coming on her face in no time flat,
and one orgasm followed another.  After about my sixth orgasm, I made her stop,
as I couldn't hold myself up.  After we held each other for a while, kissing,
touching, and caressing, I suggested a shower would be in order.  We headed
for the bathroom.
	We got into the shower and soaped each other down, letting our hands just
explore each other.  I rinsed her and she rinsed me, then to be sure, we took
turns tasting each other all over.  This got us horny all over again and we
adjourned to the bed.  Sherry was incredibly oral, and she loved to suck my wet
pussy.  I opened a drawer on the nightstand and told her to take a look.  She
saw my "toys" and giggled, picking up several.  She picked up my big double-
headed dildo, sucking a huge portion of it into her mouth.  "I bet you'd love
to see me suck a huge cock all the way, wouldn't you?" She asked me.  I smiled
and said yes, and that I'd kiss her after it came.  Sherry and I fucked each
other with the dildo for a while, before she begged me to shove it up her ass.
	Sherry got on all fours and I slid that huge dildo up her tiny ass, and I
could see her anus stretching wide to take it.  She moaned and begged me to
fuck her ass with it.  That's when I got an idea.  "I want you to fuck ME with
your asshole bitch." I said to her.  Sherry caught on fast and told me to stuff
it up my cunt.  I quickly mounted half that thick dildo, sliding into my now
soaking wet cunt. "Fuck my cunt with your ass bitch." I told her.  Sherry moved
back, shoving it all the way up inside me. GOD it felt so good!  I spread my
legs wide, and her pretty white bottom ground against my cunt.  "Now fuck my
ass with your cunt bitch!" Sherry said to me.  I gripped the dildo with my
pussy, and she pulled out.  I had to use one hand to keep her from pulling it
out of me, as I was so fucking wet that my cunt couldn't grab hold.  Then,
she'd back up, and when the dildo was about half way up her asshole, I'd let
go with my hand, and she'd shove it deep into me.  In and out, in and out,
and each time, we'd groan as it plumbed out depths.  We kept getting wilder and
hotter, fucking each other like that, screaming obscenities at each other.  It
was I who came first, screaming "fuck my cunt with your asshole you slut!".
When I came, I bucked wildly on that plastic cock, and rammed it up her tight
ass hard.  Sherry bucked back at me, on the verge of coming, panting for me to
"fuck my ass you cunt! Fuck my hot asshole!".  Sherry was coming, and I rammed
her butt with the dildo until she fell onto the bed, shaking and sweating, but
happy.  I sat there, still shaking from my own orgasm, my legs around her hot
butt, and the dildo still inside both of us.  That's when I saw my husband at
the bedroom door, holding his big thick cock and jacking himself off.
	"You ladies ready for the real thing now?" He asked.  Sherry tried to
sit up, but she only succeeded in driving the fake cock deeper in her ass. She
thought he'd be bothered by us in bed, but my husband has both watched and even
joined me in bed with other women.  "Why don't you give her a taste of your
nice thick cock?" I told him.  He stripped out of his clothes, and even at 33,
he still had a great body.  No fat, no excessive muscles, except his nice thick
seven inch cock.  Sherry watched, and then greedily sucked him into her mouth
while I slid off the dildo and fingered her pussy.
	My husband moaned when Sherry took his entire length into her mouth and
down her throat.  I'd never been able to do that, and envied her ability.  My
husband leaned over and kissed me, our tounges meeting hotly in our mouths and
he could taste her sweet, creamy juices on my face.  Sherry sucked for a while
and then her hand found my pussy, rubbing my clit and making me very hot again.
	"Why don't you fuck this hot cunt of hers?" I told my husband.  He moved
around behind Sherry and slid his cock inside her sopping wet pussy, then he
slid the dildo back in her ass.  Sherry moaned and I moved around in front of
her, seeing her face flushed.  "God she's beautiful" I thought, and so hot too!
I had planned to lay under her and lick her pussy while she was fucked, but she
grabbed my thighs and buried her face between my legs.  Sherry really knew how
to use her tounge on another woman and I was coming all over her pretty face
in no time.  My husband was pumping her pussy, and fucking her sweet little
ass with that huge dildo, and Sherry was constantly coming and bucking her hips
for more.
	I pulled away from Sherry, and rested a bit, just watching.  I kissed my
husband and took over "dildo-duty", and Sherry was sobbing into a pillow, her
hips ramming back hard against his cock and the dildo.  My husband pulled out
of her, and Sherry was still bucking against the dildo.  She was so incredibly
hot and horny!   My husband moved around and fed his cock back into her wanton
mouth, fresh from her sopping cunt.  Sherry gobbled his cock down, pulling his
hips to her face over and over.  I slid four of my fingers inside her pussy,
and began fucking her ass and cunt fast and furious.  Sherry was moaning around
his cock, and my own juices were wetting my thighs all the way to my knees!
Jesus what a hot scene this would have made for a movie!
	Sherry released my husbands cock, panting for breath.  He knelt there, his
hand stroking his cock against her face.  Sherry was pushing back against my
hand. She forced it deep in her orange-trimmed cunt and I could feel her body
wracked with contractions, her asshole made the dildo twitch.  She grunted as
she came, and squeezed her right tit really hard.  Just a second or two later,
my husband came, and he shot a huge, thick load of cum all over Sherry's face.
	Sherry flopped down onto the bed, rolling onto her back at the same time.
The dildo was still in her ass, and she still clutched her right tit hard. She
was laying there, one hand on her tit, the other milking the last drop of sperm
from my husband's cock.  Her face was slick, wet, and streaked with white globs
of sperm.  Since I love the taste of his cum, I started licking it from her
face and neck.  Sherry grabbed my face with her sperm covered hand and kissed
me, sending her sperm coated tounge into my mouth.  That REALLY did it!  I was
so hot now that I needed a good fucking, but my husband's cock wasn't ready yet.
	I lapped some sperm from her face, then straddled her mouth.  "Drink my
cum you beautiful bi slut!" I moaned.  I took Rich's cock in my mouth and sucked
him hard again.  Then I begged him to fuck me hard and fast.  He pulled me off
Sherry's mouth and took me from behind, slamming his beautiful cock deep inside
me.  I started coming right away and Sherry watched, toying with her pussy and
caressing her nipples.
	"OOO! You're so hot!" She said. "I bet you'd love this fake cock up your
hot ass too!"  Sherry's face glistened with combined juices, and her red hair
made her seem like a completely wanton harlot.  Rich's cock pounding my cunt
and her steamy, dirty talk had me floating in a nice lusty haze.  Sherry moved
behind me and I felt her tounging my asshole.  Rich pulled out and fed her his
dripping cock and she put it back in me after she sucked him.  Then Sherry was
trying to get us both off, talking dirty.
	"Yesssss!" She hissed. "Fuck your slut wife. Fuck your bi-slut's sopping
wet cunt. Cum in her slut cunt and let me suck your sperm from her twat!"
	Rich moaned, and I could feel him slamming me with that forceful rhythm
that meant he was about to come.  I ground my pussy against him, forcing him
deep into my cunt, wanting to feel his cum flooding me.
	"No!" Sherry shouted. "Cum in her mouth! Cum all over her face too!"  As
if she had a spell over Rich, he pulled out and moved to my face quickly.  I
wanted him in my pussy, but I sucked his cock, knowing his thick sperm would
be a tasty treat.  Sherry knelt beside us, urging Rich to come.
	The first rush of his cum washed over my tounge and I swallowed it quickly.
Sherry pulled him from my mouth, suprising me.  She held his cock to my cheek
as he spurted his thick juice on my face.  Sherry was rubbing his spurting cock
and his cum over my face, and I tried to lick it all up.
	"C'mon, wet her face good." Sherry kept saying. "Soak her with cum!"
	Seconds later, Rich sat back and Sherry licked the last few drops of his
sperm off his cock, then kissed me.  Both our faces were wet and slick and she
seemed to get even hotter (if that was possible).  I was still horny and wanted
Rich to cum inside me.
	This time, Sherry sat on my face and made me suck her clittie, while she
litterally drenched my face with her pussy.  I looked up and saw Rich sucking
her nipples.  We fucked and sucked each other for a long time it seemed, and
no one wanted to stop.  Finally, we were all worn out, and collapsed on the bed
and rested.  Sherry saw the time on the clock and apologized for having to
"fuck and run" (her words), and she dressed quickly and left.  I wondered about
her dashing next door, her face still wet with our combined juices.

	That night, Rich was too drained to do much fucking, but he sucked me into
heaven.  As we relaxed, he asked about our "dirty talk" and wanted to know if
it excited me.  I told him that it did, as it reminded me of what we looked
like and how "nasty" it all was.  Rich's eyes looked at me with interest, and
a slightly mischievious look.  Saturday found us lazily going about our weekend
chores.
	It was about three-thirty when the doorbell rang.  Being another very hot
day, and now the with the humidity very high, Rich answered the door, dressed
only in a pair of shorts.  He'd been hanging shelves in a spare room and he was
covered with a glistening sheen of sweat.  I looked up from the den, where I
was hanging a picture (and incidentally, I was wearing just a t-shirt and shorts
too), and saw him open the door.
	At the door was Sherry, with one of her room mates, Denise.  They were
both wearing terry-cloth robes, the type you put on getting out of a pool. Rich
invited them in, and I could see Denise was carrying a small duffle bag.  They
walked in and Sherry introduced Denise.
	"Let's take a break for a while." Rich said, leading me into the den. He
volunteered to make some cold drinks, leaving me with Sherry and Denise.  Denise
is a tall, very sultry brunette.  Her long legs were beautiful, and bare, peek-
ing out from under her robe.  She sat the duffle bag down on a table and I sat
on the sofa. "Denise knows about yesterday." Sherry said shyly. "And she thinks
that it was rude of me to impose on you both."  I was confused. Sherry hadn't
"imposed", and if anything, we had a wonderful time!  Sherry's manner was very
shy and subdued, not at all like the wanton hell raiser from yesterday.  And
what was taking Rich so long?  "Imposed on us?" I said. "Nonsense. We enjoyed
it very much and we should be thanking you!"
	Denise spoke then, her voice lush and sexy.  "Sherry is a hot little slut
who will do anything for an orgasm."  As she said this, Denise pulled up the hem
of Sherry's robe, revealing her naked red haired pussy.  I was both shocked and
aroused that she was naked under her short robe (in broad daylight yet!).
"And," Denise continued, "she needs firm control over her wanton lusts."  All
this time, Sherry held her eyes down, not looking at me or Denise.  My heart was
beginning to pound, wondering what was going on here.  Where was RICHARD??
	I started to speak, but Denise held up her hand, indicating silence.  She
then removed Sherry's robe, revealing her completely nude body to me. "Do you
like what you see?" She asked.  "Um, yes, but..." I started, and Denise only
motioned for silence.  "So, you like this young, bi slut do you?"  I started
to protest her harsh words, but she continued. "You like her tounge in your
pussy? Or do you like her to make your face wet with her slut juice?"  I blushed
at her words, but I also felt my pussy soaking my shorts. I didn't know what
to do.  Where the fuck was RICH!?!  Help!
	Denise made a hand motion and Sherry knelt on the floor, putting her hands
behind her back and spreading her thighs wide, holding her face slightly upwards
and her eyes closed.  Denise dropped her robe, revealing that she too was nude,
and she stood in front of Sherry, putting her ass to the girl's face.  Sherry
started tounging her pussy, and I could see her tounge darting between Denise's
cunt lips.  Denise had a dark brown bush, trimmed neatly, and shaven between
her legs. She had a nice figure, and was about twenty-eight.  She had very nice
breasts, about 36C's and the way she was leaning forward, they hung down and
swayed sensually.  I began to realize what this was all about, when Denise in
a firm voice ordered me. "Now show me this cunt of your Sherry raved about."
As if some magical force compelled me, I slid my shorts off and spread my legs,
showing her my blonde pussy.
	"Very nice." She said. "Are you wet?"  I nodded and slid my hand down to
my bush. "NO!" She shouted, and I jerked my hand away. "Since Sherry likes you
hot twat so much, SHE will pleasure you."  Sherry stood and came to me, kneelng
between my legs and then shoving her tounge between my labia and sucking me.
"And, you will pleasure ME." Denise said.  She came over and layed down on the
sofa, spreading her legs.  Her half-shaved pussy was soft looking and very wet.
Sherry's tounge had just finished arousing her and now it was my turn.  I was
nervous, yet excited. "Suck me slut! Suck my pussy like you sucked my redheaded
slut's cunt!" Denise ordered.  I leaned down and licked her pussy.  Her fragrant
sex filled me with a lusty passion, and I started sucking her like I had Sherry
the day before.  Denise's hips moved sensually and I was enjoying it actually,
when I could feel my own climax approaching.  Denise sensed this, and ordered
Sherry to stop, then to kneel on the floor and watch.
	I was frustrated, being so close, and then denied my pleasure.  I reached
down to rub my clit, but Sherry grabbed my hand at Denise's order.  Denise
sat up and told me to wait, it would be better.  Then she told Sherry to take
my shirt off.   Sherry slid my shirt up slowly, letting her hands caress me.
Her fingers lingered over my nipples and then she slowly pulled my shirt over
my head.  With my arms raised, the shirt came off, and then I felt Denise's
hands on my left wrist.  Something went "click!" and then Denise jerked my arms
and there was another "click!" and I found myself handcuffed with my hands be-
hind me. Now I was a bit scared, and remembered that Rich was somewhere -- where
the fuck was he!!??  "RICH! Get out here!" I yelled, only to have Denise put a
silk scarf in my mouth and gag me.  Sherry was holding my legs down, and I was
helpless.  Next, Denise put something around my neck, a leather choker I found
out later, then she rolled me onto my stomach.  Denise slid a vibrator between
my cheeks, the humming making me both nervous and very wet.  She pushed it into
my slick pussy and held it there.  After a few moments, I could feel my orgasm
rising, but I was still trying to struggle, weaker each moment.  Just as I was
about to come, Denise switched off the vibrator.  I tried to yell "NO" through
my gag, but it was a muffled noise.
	Next, I was hauled to my feet, and a leather leash attached to my choker.
Denise started leading me through the house, and I wondered where Rich had gone.
Sherry led the way to our bedroom, and there I found Rich, naked on the bed,
waiting for us.   Sherry hopped into bed with him and began sucking his semi-
hard cock.  Denise roughly pulled me to the bed and made me kneel next to it.
"Now watch this slut suck your husband's cock."  I watched, as that was all I
could do.  "Show her what a slut you are Sherry." Denise said.  Sherry took
Rich's cock and rubbed it all over her face, her tounge out and one hand at
her clit.  "Cum in my face. Soak me with cum!" Sherry moaned.  She sucked his
cock so wantonly, I felt the vibrator in my pussy beginning to slide out from
the wetness.  The more I tried to grip it, the more it slid, until "Thunk", it
hit the floor.
	Denise looked at the vibrator on the floor.  "Are you wet enough slut?"
She said, then I realized she meant me.  Sherry was ordered to fetch the duffle
bag, and she scurried off.  Denise turned and calmly sat down.  She sat down
as easily as sitting on the bed, except that she sat down on Rich's now hard
cock, her legs to his side.  She sat there, looking at me, holding my "leash",
and wriggling her hips on Rich's cock.  "You husband's cock is soooo nice and
hard inside my cunt." She said. "I bet if I just sat here like this, I could
make him cum inside my hot, wet, cunt. Don't you think?"  She kept moving her
hips, and Rich was laying there watching me, and slowly fucking her twat.
"Is his cum thick and creamy?  Do you love to suck his cum from his balls?"
Denise asked. I was getting very excited about this now, seeing that it was a
game, to be played and enjoyed, and not something evil and cruel.  Sherry had
the duffle and she handed it to Denise.  Denise opened it and sat there, on
Rich's cock, looking through its contents.
	She ordered Sherry to insert an odd looking thing in her pussy and make it
wet.  The redhead did, and handed it back to her.  Sherry turned around and bent
over, letting Denise slide it into her ass.  This was repeated, with Sherry get-
ting another one wet, then she went behind me and put it in my asshole.  This
rubber thing was a butt plug, and it stretched my asshole as it went in. Sherry
did it slowly, until it was firmly seated in my butt.  "Do you feel nice and
full now?" Denise asked me. I nodded. "Good."  Denise took another fake cock
out of her bag.  It was HUGE!  This thing was about 10 inches long, and so big
around that Sherry's hand didn't close all the way around it.  Sherry slid this
into my sopping pussy, again slowly.  She worked it in and out, making it slick
with my juice, until it was well seated in my cunt. "Now," Denise said. "Do you
feel totally filled?" I nodded again, definitely excited and on the verge of
a tremendous orgasm. "I don't think you're filled enough slut.  Sherry, lay
on the bed."  Sherry did as she was told, spreading her legs wide.
	Denise tied Sherry's hands to the headboard, then tied ropes to her ankles,
drawing the rope through the headboard to pull her legs up and wide open.  Now
Sherry lay there with her cunt and ass wide open.  Denise inserted a long, double
headed dildo into Sherry's pussy, leaving part of it out.  Next, she pulled me
up and made me lay on my stomach.  She removed the gag and ordered me to suck
the fake cock sticking out of Sherry's cunt.  I started sucking the rubbery
thing, tasting its artificial plastic-like taste.  Denise then switched ends,
making me suck the end coated with Sherry's cunt juice.  That tasted better,
but it was still a fake cock. I could see from the corner of my eye, that Rich's
cock was glistening with Denise's juice, and still quite hard.
	"Suck it. And move it in and out of her cunt with your mouth slut." Denise
said.  I started doing just that, watching Sherry's tits jiggle as she tried
to meet the thrusts.  It was somewhat awkward, as Denise wanted me to suck it
like a real cock, and at the same time, pump it into Sherry's cunt.
	Denise knelt and let one of her nipples brush against Sherry's clit, and
Rich knelt behind her and began to fuck her seriously.  She licked Sherry's
thigh, then told said "Suck that thing! Fuck her with your mouth slut. Fuck
your hot bi-slut with your mouth while your husband CUMS deep in my cunt!"
I was hot, wet and horny, and I started fucking Sherry with the fake cock.
Denise's tits bounced and slapped against Sherry's clit, cunt and the dildo.
Sherry was moaning and rocking her hips slightly, but tied up was unable to do
much.  "Make that little cunt-licking, jism-drinking slut cum!" Denise yelled.
Sherry was beginning to come, and I sucked on the dildo.  Suddenly, something
squirted from the end of the fake cock into my mouth.  I realized that it was a
hollow dildo, and I was tasting her cream, forced up the shaft by her sopping
cunt and my sucking.  I sucked harder and tasted more of her cream.  Sherry
was moaning and bucking all around, shaking the whole bed.  Denise pulled the
fake cock from my mouth and then from Sherry's cunt. "Rub your face in her cunt
slut! Make her cum on your face!"  I plunged into Sherry's orange pussy, and
sucked her crazily.  Sherry thrashed and squealed as she came again and again.
	Suddenly, Denise was gone, and I heard Rich moaning loudly.  I could tell
he was coming.  I was laying with my face in Sherry's cunt, feeling her spasm
against my face.  Denise pulled me up and kissed me roughly.  I parted my lips
and felt a warm flood enter my mouth along with her tounge.  She was kissing me
with Rich's cum in her mouth.  She put her hand under my chin and squeezed,
indicating not to swallow it.  We kissed for a long while, some of his sperm
running out our lips.  We swapped it back and forth, and she had most of what
was left when she pushed me onto my back.  Denise let the rest dribble out on
my face, then she rubbed her face on my tits.  She sat back, with Rich kneeling
next to her. "She makes a good cum-soaked slut doesn't she?"  Denise said.
Rich had untied Sherry, and she was laying under him, sucking his limp cock.
"Make me cum now, Please!" I begged her.  "Make me cum. I'm so hot!"
	Denise ordered me onto all fours after she released me, and she pulled the
butt plug from my ass.  The next thing I felt was Rich's cock in my ass where
the butt-plug had been.  His cock was smaller than the plug, but it moved and
made me come. And Come and come andcomeandcomeandCUM!   Rich pounded my ass,
hard and fast, with Sherry sucking my clit and me sucking Denise's.  Sherry
was pulling my nipples and squeezing my titties hard when Rich rammed it home
and filled my butt with his sperm.  God did that feel goood!
	Denise, Sherry, Rich and I all collapsed about the same time, sweaty and
tired from our sexual frenzy.  I'd never been ordered about like that, or tied
up.  This was new and exciting to me, and we continued these games until Denise
was transferred to Miami.
	Now, It's just Sherry, Rich and me.  And I still love to suck his cum from
her pussy.  Almost as much as I like her to suck it from mine!

	What great neighbors!

