A "Super" J/O

Clark hated these hot summer nights where the air hung heavy and sleep
was impossible.  A shaft of light from his open window cut across the
middle of his bed while the muted sounds of the city below drifted into
his ears.  He rolled over, punched his pillow again and wished he could
find relief.

His topsheet long gone, he pulled off his tshirt.  That made things a
little cooler, but not much.  He looked down at his briefs, and after a
moment decided what the heck, he'd do anything to cool off.  Jamming his
thumbs into the waistband, he raised his ass and pushed against the
humid cloth.  They stuck for a moment, but then came free, sliding off
his legs and down his feet.  In frustration from the heat, he tossed
them across the room.

After a few more sleepless minutes, Clark realized that another frustra-
tion was starting to build.  Although not born of this planet, his race
had the same genetic coding that provided all males with an ever-
accessible playtoy.  He looked down his rippled chest to this playtoy
that now wanted attention.  With his left hand he lifted it from his
belly, admiring what the universe (and his parents) had given him.  It
was long and thick, and seemed to have a life of its own.  Having been
spared the "unkindest cut" by being born elsewhere, he was genetically
different enough that if ever asked, he wouldn't be able to answer with
just "cut" or "uncut."  His hood was a bit smaller than the average
human's, but there was no mistaking it was there.

Pulled back, the hood revealed a very human-like bulbous head, that was
throbbing with a very human-like desire.  He licked his finger and
touched the tip of his cock.  Yeah, man, do me, do me now, it seemed to
pulse.

He grasped the shaft with his right hand, and electricity seemed to
sweep down through his balls.  His balls.  Big ones, they were.  Thick
with cream and aching to be released.  Wetting his left fingertips, he
tickled his balls while his right hand moved slowly up, then down, his
hard manmeat.  He knew he would have to go slow; the drawback to super
speed (and thus quick orgasms) is missing out on all the fun.  Releasing
the shaft, Clark licked his palm several times and then smeared the spit
over the head and underside, making him tingle even more.

Gently his hand slid along the shaft, his other hand still tickling his
balls.  Clark threw his head back into his pillow, enjoying the sensa-
tion of skin rubbing skin.  He closed his eyes.  Perhaps a fantasy. 
Hmmmm.

In his mind's eye, he pictured Lois standing in the doorway, wearing
only a see-through negligee.  Her pouty red lips pushed forward in
anticipation of what Clark wanted to push past them.  She took a step
forward...

Nah, that's not really doing anything for me, he thought, re-wetting his
hand and continuing his up and down motions on his cock.  OK, then,
Jimmy stood in the doorway, his hard dick pointing directly at Clark. 
Nah, that's not it either.  What the hell, he thought to himself.  How
about I just enjoy me?

Clark opened his eyes and looked down at his crotch, illuminated by the
light coming through the window.  Yeah, man, he though, this is good. 
I've got a good body, and a great cock.  He let go and watched his cock
swing forward and slap against him.  A drop of pre-cum glistened on the
tip.  It slowly oozed down the tip and onto his stomach, which his cock
twitched and ached with need.  Clark reached over to his nightstand and
found his lube, which he smeared generously.  His cock shone in the
light, a monument to that which the universe gives to the male of the
species.  He grabbed it again, and now his sliding motions were accompa-
nied by squishing sounds.

Increasing his pace, his other hand traced rings around first one
nipple, then the other.  Flitting down the ripples of his chest and abs,
he caressed his balls again, then explored further down.  Still jacking
himself, he prodded at his asshole, jabbing the area around his pros-
tate.

Clark closed his eyes and went to that place that can only be described
as total sensation, no sight or sound, just the whirlwind of intensity
of beating his meat and making it cum.  All the energy in his body
seemed to be flowing to his crotch, his cock swelling, his balls pulling
close in anticipation of the explosion.  Taking a deep breath, he jacked
his shaft more quickly, the rumblings being about to burst forth.  His
other hand pushed harder against his asshole, wanting entrance to his
prostate.

Jack it.  Faster. Harder.  Squeeze tighter.  Feel those balls ache,
begging for release.  His head jerked from side to side while his
cockhead grew darker in intensity.  Faster.  Harder.  Massage that
prostate.  Up and down the shaft his hand flew.  Panting.  Jacking. 
Wanting release.

Clark shoved his hips in the air as the first stream of cum shot across
his head and splatted against the wall.  He groaned as the second one
hit his chin and left a trail down his chest.  Collapsing on the bed, he
felt three more gobs of jism burst out of his cockhead.  He yanked his
finger out of his ass and lay exhausted, spent.  Little bits of cum
continued to dribble out.  Finally he let go of his still-hard tool.

After a few minutes he opened his eyes, and took a deep breath.  The
scent of warm, fresh manjuice tickled his nostrils and made him smile. 
He should have no trouble sleeping now.
