Archive-name: Bestial/supepper.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Susan and Pepper


                           Puppy Love?

     <This is the first in a *possible* series. If you like
     it, let me know and I'll post the next. I'll write the
     third if you want the second. This story stems from
     watching a college student sun-bathing, her dog licking
     her legs and her wiggling all over the place--my fantasy
     world took over.>

Susan's wrist alarm, lying on the beach towel beside her, began its
insistent beeping as a reminder to roll over. She was no dummy, she
didn't want to get fried at the beginning of the season. She
stretched her lithe, firm body, reached back with both hands to
pull the bikini bottom from between her cheeks to spread it over
her sun-warmed bottom and tied her top before rolling to her back. 

"Fifteen minutes on the front side," she thought to herself, "and
that'll be enough for the afternoon." 

Her movement just barely caught Pepper's attention as he dozed in
the shade of the deck. He didn't like the hot sun on his black coat
when it got this warm and really appreciated that Susan had bought
enough rope for him to have the run of the back yard when he was
out; he could choose sun or shade as he wanted while he was out.

Susan splorked more lotion into her palm to spread on her firm
tummy. She put the bottle down and rubbed lotion all over, not
wanting to miss any spots the sun might hit. Since she was alone
and this was her first opportunity *ever* to get some tan on her
pubic mound, she edged the bikini bottom down so that the sun would
hit just about where her mound started to separate and rubbed some
lotion there. She still had tingles there from the first shave she
had *ever* given herself, just before sunning; the tingles hadn't
stopped because now her bikini bottom was in constant contact with
bare, sensitive, skin and she was not used to the sensation. "Hmmmh
....." as her finger passed over the top of the place where her
mound separated. She really wanted to slide her finger further
down.  "This is certainly not going to help ease my tension," she
thought. She carefully spread her body on the towel to catch the
maximum of the sun's rays after resetting her wrist alarm.

Feeling the warmth relaxed her, somewhat, and she began reflecting
on all that had taken place in the last two weeks. Here she was, at
the age of 18 and in her first apartment, having freedom from her
tyranical, but generous, parents. She didn't have to towel down the
shower wall after showering; she could leave her dishes until the
evening to wash them; she didn't have to wear those loooonnng
skirts; she could pick up her clothes _later_; she bought her first
bikini and then discovered why some girls shaved themselves; she
shaved herself (although it took a week to work up the courage to
do it). She enjoyed the beginning of college away from home and
found studying limits in calculus challenging and fun. She was free
and was enjoying the opportunity to make her own choices.

Of course, she regretted the reason she had Pepper. Barbara,
Susan's best friend, had gotten him as a pup two years ago. Barbara
went to Chicago to attend school and couldn't find an apartment
that would allow Pepper. Barb's folks refused to care for the
"mutt" (as they called him) and so she asked Susan to take him.
Susan jumped at the chance because she and Pepper were good friends
and also because her own folks didn't want her to. So, Pepper was
now her first *ever* pet. He was handsome in his sleek black fur,
his friendly face was adorable with the soft brown eyes and, as he
walked with Susan, his shoulders would rub at knee level- a
comforting reminder he was there. He liked it because he still got
food and water and still got to sleep on a bed.

Susan's alarm roused her from her thoughts, she gathered her things
and went back inside wondering about her supper after showering. "I
think I'll just have a little wine, fruit and cheese that Mark sent
with me. That'd send mom into a tizzy!!"

Mark, whom she'd loved for three years now, would be here next
week. He was also raised by protective parents and wasn't allowed
to associate with many fellow students. Maybe they might, for the
first time *ever* do more than they had done before. She hoped that
maybe that would be the cure for the tingles and urges that
wouldn't go away. Sure, it was nice for him when he got that way
because all she had to do was wrap her hand around him and squeeze
and slide up and down--he'd have these strong pulses that would
cause him to squirt on her hand--then he'd go limp. Susan was a
little jealous because there was nothing for her to grab that would
make her squirt and "go limp", so to speak. It didn't help when
Mark would slide a finger in (there was only room for one because
of the small hole in her hymen) and slide it in and out, that would
just leave her more frustrated and it would take her longer yet to
calm down.

The water from the shower splashed at the back of her neck and
trickled down her firm body, well-toned by the years of aerobics.
As it ran over her flat abdomen, it tickled its way across the
newly-exposed pubic area; this was a new sensation, it sure didn't
feel the same way as it did when she was twelve and still bare!

Stepping out of the shower, she pulled the plush towel across her
shoulders, drying them so that she could un-ribbon her shoulder-
length blond hair. Drying herself *lower* again brought sensations
that focussed her attention to the tingling region. "I've got to
wear something", she thought, "that will leave me alone! No matter
what I do, I can't get away from this stuff that touches me down
there. What can I wear that will *not* rub against me?" Almost
regretting the decision to shave herself, she rummaged through her
drawers and found her tennis skirt. It was long enough to cover her
tiny bottom . After all, she was alone and that, along with her top
band (also newly acquired and pretty skimpy) would satisfy her
sense of modesty. Examining herself in the mirror with her
innocent, soft blue eyes, she was pleased with her firm body that
had nicely filled out from the gangly mid-teen she had been.
 
Before eating, she took fresh water out to Pepper along with some
food. As usual, she knelt down on one knee to pour the water. And,
as usual, Pepper gave her an affectionate lick and it landed on the
inside of her ankle. This time it had a different effect, it caused
a tingle to shoot up her leg to the recently shaved region. "Hmmh
.... I'm so sensitive that any touch will set me off." She shrugged
the incident off as an accident of circumstances and went inside to
feed herself.

Susan's supper was delicious and she giggled as juice from an
orange slice squirted on the upper globe of a breast and began to
trickle down. Under her stretch top, the coolness caused her nipple
to grow firm in the center of her walnut-sized areola and this
triggered a lower, inner contraction that caused her to squeeze her
thighs together as she brushed the back of her hand across her firm
nipple. "Everything gets to me when I'm like this," she lamented.

Not wanting to blow the one class she was taking in summer school,
Susan calmed down (some), cleared the table and successfully
tackled the problems on limits. 

She decided as dusk approached, all by herself, that it was time to
wash the dishes. Busily washing away, she glanced out the window to
the back yard and what she saw caused her to catch her breath. It
wasn't that there was another, smaller dog in the yard with Pepper.
It's what Pepper was doing to the other dog! He was licking high
between her hind legs and she was just standing there, almost
seeming to back into him. Pepper eventually raised a paw over the
dog's back to pull her to him and Susan's breath caught again as
she now saw Pepper's engorged penis out of its sheath. Instead of
presenting herself to Pepper, the other dog turned, licked his
penis and then left Pepper's rope range leaving him poking hot
holes in the air. This little tart continued to tantalize pepper by
presenting herself for licks and then licking him and running.

Having finished the few dishes, Susan dried her hands while
watching in fascination the ultimate teasing. She then
automatically pumped some Jurgens lotion into her palm. Fiery
tingles began to course up her inner thighs and enflame the shaved
patch as she thought of how the lotion reminded her of Mark's
release and how Mark felt in her hand and how Pepper was not
getting release and how Pepper was licking and how *she* couldn't
get release and how her nipples were straining and how her lower
lips were feeling pouty and how good the lotion was feeling as she
slid her hand up the front of her tennis skirt and was rubbing
outer lips and how her clitoris was straining and how Pepper's
tongue felt on her ankle and ... 

She stopped rubbing. 

She *knew* it could never be enough. 

She wiped her finger, damp from her vaginal juices, above the
inside of her knee.

She broke her fascination when it became apparent that Pepper would
be ultimately tormented and she *knew* how he would feel. Susan
went out the door and the other dog skittered away across the
neighbor's lawns. She called Pepper over to protect him and bring
him in for the night. Boy, was he glad to see her!! As she
nervously unfastened the rope from his collar, he licked her face,
hands and *above the inside of her knee* where she had just wiped
her finger! Whoa!! Fiery tingles!!!!

Inside the kitchen, as Susan knelt down to pet him and calm him
down, Pepper continued his appreciative licks; his organ not
decreasing in size. He licked where the orange had squirted and his
enthusiastic licking pulled her nipple out from its cover to expose
it to licks. Her tummy drew in with the intensity of the
sensations. Her mind was focused on his swollen member. "I can't do
this!" she thought. Yet, she did. She slid her hand over his side
to his under-belly. Pepper's tummy tightened as she slid her hand
back further. "But it's not fair for Pepper to suffer!"  She
tentatively slid back and for the first time *ever* felt a dog's
penis. She slid her fingers down and was surprized to find a large
knob at the base and apparently he really liked it when she slid
his sheath firmly across it while squeezing. He was now licking on
the inside of her thigh when she felt his tummy, like Mark's, draw
in. Pepper had now stopped licking and had her thigh between his
front paws, his back legs were braced, his backside began pumping
his penis in her hand and she could feel squirts of moisture on her
wrist. 

Susan was envious of Pepper's ability to get release because his
licking had brought her to a level she had never felt before. The
way her vagina was churning and twitching, it was maddening to know
it would take hours for her to return to normal. Here was Pepper,
in front of her licking his still erect, but slowly decreasing,
penis; his torment was over. 

Susan had a long, cool shower.

The evening had not cooled. Susan still used the sheet over herself
but was au natural underneath, just as she had started for the
first time *ever* the first night in the apartment. Pepper had
settled in on the other side of the bed, his adorable head resting
on his paws.

Since this was the first time *ever* to be in bed after shaving
herself, she was aware of even the sheet across her sensitive
mound. Every movement caused the cotton to caress the newly exposed
skin. Not wanting further arousal, she slid her hand over her mound
to go to sleep. 

Sleep came. 

Dreams came. And in her dreams

     Pepper came, 

     Pepper licked. 

In her sleep, she'd begun to rub her mound and then her labia. Her
middle finger slipped easily between her lips and was pulsing on
her unsatisfied clitoris. In her sleep, she curled, she twisted,
she straightened out, she spread her sculpted legs, she breathed
more and more heavily. The sheet drifted off her body.

Pepper, not a sound sleeper, noticed the movement and became aware
of a smell like one he had tasted on the inside of her knee. He
liked it. Maybe there was more there. Well, let's find out. He
raised up and the tip of his penis began to protude from its
sheath. Susan was lying on her side, her bottom leg stretched out
and the other drawn up. He licked the back of her knee of the
outstreched leg. He liked it. He licked even higher up above her
knee. He could smell that he was getting closer to the source. More
than the tip was now exposed.

Susan was dreaming of Pepper licking her leg so the actual licking
fit right into her dream. This was causing her vagina to become
more and more active and causing her to rub even harder. In her
sleep, she rolled to her back. Pepper had to straddle her legs to
keep licking. Susan ever so slightly parted her knees for easier
access by her finger.

This action caused Pepper to move even higher in his licking action
enflaming her even more.

Susan woke to find herself more aroused with more internal heat
than she had *ever* felt before. And there was Pepper, doing in
reality what she had been dreaming he was ... but he was moving
even ...  higher ... than in her dream! She knew where he was
headed and had the stark realization that she didn't want to stop
him but she had to. She closed her knees but Pepper continued
licking with his tongue caressing both thighs at the same time; his
tongue was close to grazing her shaved patch. Her breathing was now
ragged and she was afraid he would stop and she was afraid he
wouldn't stop. She rolled over to try to gain her senses.

Straddling her legs, this only exposed her tight buttocks to his
attention. The exploring tongue lapped at her nether cheeks; she
had reached the point that she could do nothing but instinctively
push her hips in the air to receive his flame-wielding lapping.
Deciding that she'd had all she could take, she rolled over again
to her back and, before she could act to stop him, his tongue found
the crease on her inner thigh and then its target!

"Oh god!! ...." her mind screamed as pleasure, the likes of which
she had *never* felt before, coursed though her loins. She was now
at Pepper's mercy as she could no longer hold her knees together;
with each lick, her legs spread wider until he had to move his
front paws between her quivering legs. She was approaching a limit
never encountered in calculus! Her figertips began twisting her
nipples spasmodically as Pepper's tongue lapped at her, beginning
almost back to her pink little anus and up across her labia. As he
drew it across her clitoris, the initial contact would raise the
hood and the rest of his tongue would slide across naked,
straining, flaming clit. Every lick would cause her eyes to tremble
close, her tense legs to twitch and her pelvis to move towards the
pleasure.

Susan thought momentarily that it would take hours to recover from
this arousal but the pleasure was too great to abondon. Her hands
now were at her sides and her fingers curled and flexed, driven by
forces deep inside. She threw her arms up by her head as she pushed
and tightened her pelvic muscles; her breathing came in jerks and
pulses as the incredible erotic waves coursed through her body.

She was beyond the fear of not having release, she was now afraid
that this would not ...(oh... what is happening?)  ...   stop. Her
abdomen was locked firm and her insides pushed. (Oh, ... mmmMHH!
..... it's building !!) Her hands were by her sides as she arched
her ...(my word .... is something wrong? ... I've *never* felt like
this inside) ..back to meet ...(aaagh...I'm going wild with....oh
god...too much)... the lapping tongue.

It happened. 

The limit was reached. 

Fuses blew!

The awakening which she had *never* felt before lit the fuse for
the beginning of her inner explosion. Her hands reached beneath her
buttocks to completely expose her aching crotch to the accurate
ministering. Years of pentup tension was being gathered and
released as her vagina took over her body and caused her abdomen to
push and contract and churn and suck and squeeze and flutter as the
first explosive waves of her first *ever* orgasm washed across her
body causing her vagina and anus to pulse in convulsive rhythm. The
pushes exposed more of her crotch to Pepper's tongue. It seemed
that every wave brought about another.

Susan loved it!! What release!!! What a relief!  ... peaceful ...
covered with a soft sheen of sweat ... relaxing ... hmmmm ....

But now she looked at Pepper and realized that he was once again
engorged. She decided that a hand job would not do since he had
treated her so nicely. Taking some lotion from her dresser, Susan
rolled over and spread some around and in her back, pink, still
tingling canal. No hand job for Pepper so---maybe this is a step
up. (She knew he was too big for her vagina-which she could never
consider-even though he was smaller than Mark.) Presenting her
backside to him, she reached around to pull his front paws up
around her waist. She then wiggled around and backwards until she
could feel hot, probing flesh against her buttocks. The closeness
of Pepper and anticipation sent searing waves through her entire
lower body. The arousal just dispensed with was rapidly returning.

Pepper was not sure what was happening but he was beginning to like
this also! The pointed tip poked at the opening and Susan
alternately pushed and squeezed to slowly admit the engorged probe.
As the tip was in place, Susan reached between her legs and hoped
to find a spot to rub that would create another awakening spark and
all that followed; she was ready! That was apparently all that was
needed for Pepper to suddenly have his penis take over and slam his
pelvis against her welcoming buttocks. Susan found her clitoris and
*knew* that this was the spot. Pepper's panting, pounding and
stimulation quickly aided Susan's efforts and the spark hit. As
spasms of pleasure again coursed though her channels, the squeezing
of her anus on the thrusting rod caused Pepper to explode inside of
her.

Susan relaxed as she had not for some time. As she went to sleep,
it was almost like she had delightful little after-shocks that
brought her thighs together as she thought of the wonderful,
excruciating release she had *never* had before. 

Pepper licked himself clean, settled in, went to sleep and dreamed
doggy dreams.

<If you like this one, let me know and I'll post "Mark, Susan and
Pepper".>

-- 
