Copyright © 1997,  Drifter,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.





SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL  -  NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS

               Support

     Part 1

          by Drifter
     
     Karen and Dave had been happily married for some ten years
when things began to change for them. With most things the relationship
had  been nothing short of great for them since they first met. Recently
though, there was just this one problem area.  Karen at 29  was
increasingly more interested  in sex than Dave was.  Unfortunately,
between working too hard and the long hours to make the two of them
financially secure,  Dave did not have the energy that Karen did at the
end of the day.  That is not to say Dave wasn't interested... he still
needed his darling wife in bed three or four times a week.  Those
sessions were long and hot and nicely varied ... totally satisfying to both
of them ....but unfortunately for Karen just not often enough.

     At first Karen tried to resist her appetite but that didn't seem
to work.  She purchased a number of toys  to use in her private
moments and that helped but.... well it just wasn't the same.  It began to
have the feel of a  parting of the ways but Karen and Dave loved each
other dearly and were totally devoted to each other.  In all other ways
they seem to be the perfect match.  There was just this one, maybe
critical, problem that somehow had to be resolved.

      Karen lay awake a lot of nights after Dave fell asleep, wanting more,
worrying about what to do.  At times it was easy... she would just
masturbate when she needed that extra.  But there were days when
nothing else helped.  If Dave was around and up to it then he solved her
problem.  But there had been times lately when Karen had nothing to
ease her itch and she looked at other men with a decided hunger. She
told herself she would never be unfaithful to Dave, that it was just
harmless looking and fantasy material.  But she did frequently wonder
what it would be like with other men.

     Then Dave was called out of town for several days and Karen soon
was hornier than she could ever remember.  They talked nightly and
most nights turned into phone sex with Karen taking the lead as they
both masturbated..

     On the night before Dave was to return Karen was about to climb
the wall missing him.  She was looking forward to his return more than
ever before  Then just before Dave caught his flight home, he called her
and told her that three of his customers were flying in with him and
asked if she would meet them and join him in entertaining them for the
evening...they needed to take them out to dinner and possibly a couple
of drinks afterwards.

     Karen was royally upset.  She hadn't been sure she could wait
until they got out of the airport to attack her husband, now it would be
hours..   She sat there thinking about how much she wanted to get Dave
home alone   Suddenly she was struck by an idea that she was sure
would shorten the time with the customers.  She smiled,  and then
started to laugh.  She checked her watch and headed for the shower.

As she walked from the parking lot into the air terminal, every man
turned to watch Karen walk by.  She was something to look at in a 
sheer black see through blouse over a small black lace bra.  The pattern
on the bra made every guy think he saw a lot more than he really did. 
Her brief mini skirt and the thigh high hose completed the perfect display
of Karen's long sexy legs and her great body.  If her plan worked, she
would have Dave home in bed in record time.

     She paced back and forth at the gate waiting for Dave.  When
she saw him she threw her arms around his neck and gave him one of
her hottest wettest kisses.  It was obvious to everyone around them that
the kiss was deep and passionate with lots of tongue action.  Karen was
pleased to feel her husbands cock growing against her hot loins.  She
felt her own genitals growing wet for Dave.  Then the kiss broke and
Dave smiled down at her still in his arms and said, "Hi baby, thanks for
the welcome."  then he turned and introduced her to the three men who
had been standing around them enjoying the welcome Dave had gotten.

     They all had huge smiles on their faces as Karen acknowledged
each, Joe, Ralph and Paul the head of the group clearly..  They walked
to the car and Dave and Karen led the way.  The three guys walked a
few paces behind enjoying the view of Karen's cute ass in the tight mini
skirt.  At the car Joe commented, "An Expedition... I've been thinking
about getting one of these, how does it drive?"  Dave handed him the
keys and asked Karen if she would mind riding in the back with Ralph
and Paul.   Karen wasn't too thrilled with it but graciously agreed.  As
the door opened Paul helped her in and followed her to the far back
seat as Ralph dropped in one of the mid seats.  As Karen stepped into
the car she felt Paul's hand brush lightly across her ass and she
wondered,  Was that an accident?  She knew it wasn't.  She smiled to
her self and thought that this could be interesting, wondering if Paul was
going to do more.


     As they pulled out of the parking lot Paul turned to her and said,
"I envy Dave, you are a knockout Karen and I loved your welcome home
for Dave."

     Karens' eyes twinkled, she loved the way that Paul was flirting.  She 
softly said, "Thank you for the compliment Paul... I do miss Dave so
much when he's gone."

     "I can imagine..  I'm not sure I would ever leave you overnight."

     Karen had been horny before.  Now her need was coming on strong
and she felt that familiar hunger in her loins growing. When she didn't
say anything Paul continued,  "I love your outfit.  You know every male
in the place was ogling that great body of yours, mentally undressing
you as we walked thru the airport.... Dave is a lucky man indeed."

     "Paul you are terrible, you shouldn't tease an old married lady like
that... but thank you.  A woman always likes to hear complements."

     Paul laughed softly and said, "What are you Karen about a 36 d?"

     Karen looked over at him and smiled, "You have a good eye
Paul... that is exactly right. But shame on you for looking that close." and
she laughed softly.  She was loving the interplay and felt safe and more
daring than usual, knowing Dave was in the car.

     They were sitting close and she felt his hand drop to her knee as
he said, "Karen I, like all the other men, would love to see a lot more." 
His hand was sliding up and down on her leg.   Karen thrilled with his
touch and his boldness.  He was coming on to her with her husband so
close. It excited her terribly. His hand started to move higher on her
thigh when Karen caught it in her own hand and stopped him.  She
smiled and said, "I know Dave said we were going to entertain you guys
Paul but I don't think he had this in mind."  and she squeezed his hand
in hers. 

     Paul turned his hand and interlaced his fingers in hers and their
joined hands rested in her lap just below the hem of her skirt.  Paul
squeezed her small hand in his and said, "Ah Karen... so close and you
stop me short of my goal.  I bet you are something in bed.  Do you love
sex?"

     She squeezed his hand involuntarily as her body tingled with
desire.  She felt him press their joined hands higher, pressing down
between her legs.  She realized she was letting him spread her legs
slightly and she felt the back of his hand on her bare thigh above her
hose.  She looked up at him and saw the same lust in his eyes that she
felt.  She sighed, "Paul don't be so bold."

     "Why not Karen, you know you love it?"

       Just then Dave turned his head and said, "How you guys doing
back there, hope you are getting to know Karen better Paul.  My wife is
a very interesting lady."

     When Dave spoke, Karen pulled her hand away from Paul's in a bit
of a guilty, reflex action.  Paul's hand, now free, dropped on her bare
thigh an inch below her wet panties. She let his hand lay between her
legs as he replied to her husband;  "I agree Dave old buddy,  your lady
is very interesting.  I think we may have found a strong common
interest."     

     Dave replied, "Great, what is that?"

     Karen spoke up quickly saying, "Art, honey... Paul is interested in
fine art just like I am."  she had lied to her husband... lied to cover up
what was going on as if she were a conspirator with Paul.  She turned to
Paul whose finger tip was less than an inch from it's goal and she
whispered   "Paul move your hand please."

     He slid it higher covering her wet panties.  He rubbed her pussy
lightly before Karen caught his hand and pulled it away saying softly, "I
meant the other direction you cad."  and she laughed.

     Paul smiled and answered, "Guilty, I have been known to take
advantage of another man's horny wife.  But you didn't answer me ... do
you love sex?"

     She opened her eyes wide, surprised by his question and said, "Of
course,  you know I do."

     They had just pulled into the parking lot at the restaurant.  As Karen
moved out the door, again she felt Paul's hand on her cute ass briefly. 
Dave walked back to her and wrapped his arm around her and led the
way inside.  They were seated in a large round booth and some how
Karen ended up between Dave and Paul, with Joe and Ralph on the
outside. Dinner was delicious as the small band played for the few
couples on the dimly lit dance floor.  It was a slow night and soon they
were the only customers in the place.  Karen smiled as she felt Paul's
leg pressing against hers intimately on one side and Dave's on the
other.  

     The men were talking business and it was obvious to Karen that a
huge deal was pending between them, mainly between Dave and Paul.
Then Joe and Dave got into a detailed technical discussion.  Karen was
impressed with the smooth way her husband handled the deal. 

     In a moment she felt Paul's hand on her thigh again.  She said
nothing but turned and looked at Paul.  Then Paul said, "Dave, while
you guys work out the details, would you object if I asked your charming
wife to dance."

     Dave looked up from the discussion briefly and said, "Oh sure, go
ahead. I'm sure she is bored with this."

     As the two of them stepped onto the floor Paul pulled her tightly
against him and slowly moved them to the far side of the dance floor,
obscured from their booth.  Karen enjoyed the feel of his body against
hers and then she sighed and said, "Paul.. you are a naughty man.  I
admit I like to flirt a little but you have done a lot more than flirt."

     "I want you Karen.....  God you are so beautiful and so sexy..  you
are as turned on as I am... your panties were so wet when I touched
you."

     "Paul stop.  You had no business doing that.  I was just trying not
to cause a scene."

     He looked at her, their faces so close and he said as his hand
slid between them and he cupped a large breast.  He squeezed it and
caught her hard nipple and pinched it lightly.  Karen moaned softly... she
was so horny and it felt so good she made no move to stop him.   Paul
recognized her compliance and was sure she was as ready as he was
to carry this all the way.  Then he said, "God your breast feels so
nice in my hand.  I suppose you are just trying not to cause a scene,
allowing me to play with this..  I am dying to fuck you Karen and you
want it  as bad as I do."

     Paul's crude words, and his hard cock pressing into her excited her
even more, "Paul please stop....  I can't help it... Dave has been gone
and I need him ....  God I am so horny."

     "Karen you don't just need Dave... you just need to be well
fucked.  There are lots of us who would love to do the job... and I am
right here.  My cock is only inches from your sweet pussy.  Feel how
hard I am.  How much my cock wants inside you."

     Karen's head was swimming.  She loved to hear him speak so
crudely.   She knew it was true.  She wanted his cock... maybe any
cock.  She moaned again as he continued to play with her nipple the
way she loved.  "Oh damn Paul, I have never been unfaithful to Dave."

     "But you want to... you want me to fuck you, to eat your hot
pussy, and you want to suck my cock."

     "Yes... yes damn it I do  I can't believe I am saying this but it is
true.   But how....?"

     Paul pulled away and caught her hand and headed back to the
table.  He whispered, "Let me do the talking."

     At the table he asked how close were they to settling the deal. 
Joe responded that they could work out the last problem in another hour
if that was OK. Paul reached behind him with one hand and cupped
Karen's mons through her skirt.  He rubbed her pussy lightly and felt her
press it against his hand.  Paul nodded and said, "I would like to sign
the agreement when I come back.  I'm getting a little sick at my
stomach.  You guys go ahead and Karen and I will get some fresh air. 
We will walk around for awhile and be back within the hour to finish this.

     Dave looked at Karen and cocked his head.   His face revealed a
look of uncertainty.. a question,  briefly but he said, "Thanks honey, we
will be through soon.  You and Paul enjoy your walk."

     Karen missed the look on her husband;s face,  her attention
elsewhere as she pressed her pussy hard into Paul's hand and said,
"We will honey... don't worry about me just finish your work."

     Outside in the dark  parking lot Paul pulled her to him and kissed her
long and hard as she returned it.  Then he led her to the Expedition,
now standing alone in the parking lot and opened the door saying, "How
long since you were fucked in a back seat?"

     She grinned and moved inside the roomy Expedition on the wide
back seat saying, "Not since college, but it sounds interesting."

     She dropped her hands under her skirt and slid her panties down
and off.  Paul closed the door and locked it behind him.  He turned to
see Karen laying back with her long legs spread saying, "Hurry damn
you..."

     Paul unzipped his pants and pulled his hard cock free.  Karen
smiled as she saw the size of it and she caught him in her hands and
guided it into her hot sheath without hesitation or even a thought for her
husband inside or the forbidden threshold she had just crossed. 

      Paul rammed it all the way in with one stroke and Karen gasped
with pleasure and came the first of many.  Paul fucked her missionary,
then dog style. He ate her full cunt and then she sucked him until he
was hard again Paul looked at her as he stroked his hard cock and said,
"Where?"  And Karen took him in her tight little ass hole the way she
loved.  Finally sated for the moment they lay there catching their breath
and Paul said, "You are one fabulous fuck Karen.  I hope you will
welcome me again."

     Karen stretched sexily, her bare breasts swaying so nicely.  She
looked at Paul and said, "You are the only man besides Dave to fuck
me since I met him.  The truth is Dave works so hard he just isn't
enough for me anymore.  I think you could expect a warm welcome in
the future Paul.  Let me know when you are going to be in town."

     Karen opened a compartment and produced some damp cloths to
clean up with.  Perfume and makeup and she looked good as new. 
Paul looked at his watch and it had been 45 minutes.  They opened the
windows to let the car air out hopefully and they slowly strolled back
inside.

     They were just finishing up and Paul signed the multi-million dollar
contract concluding the deal.  Dave was so excited he was about to pop.
In fact he was so excited he didn't really react to the faint odor that still
permeated the interior of the vehicle.  They dropped the three of them at
their hotel and headed home.  Alone Dave said, "Honey, you know my
commission on this will be over $100,000.    Just tell me what you want
and it is yours.  You were a real help in keeping Paul out of the way.  I
appreciate what you did more than you realize. It really helped. "  and
he smiled at her strangely.

     Karen smiled back, wondering if Dave suspected that something
"unusual" had happened... how she had "kept Paul busy"... she had
noticed the car had still reeked of sex as they drove home but she just
said, "I was glad to help honey... any time."

     Finally in bed, Dave gave Karen a second match of  her favorite
sport.  Karen smiled afterwards.  She hadn't been this satisfied
in a long time.  Dave kissed her goodnight and rolled over with this
enigmatic smile on his face.

     The next morning was Saturday. Karen awoke as Dave shook
her.  He was dressed and ready to go to work. It was early, not even 7
yet but Dave said, "Joe called and he needs to meet with me over some
details.  They are flying out at noon so I will be home about then."

     She heard the car pull out of the drive.  She lay there and
stretched her nude body.  Enjoying thinking of the two cocks she had
enjoyed.  She was surprised that she felt so little guilt over Paul.  She
just smiled to herself and said out loud, "It was so easy... and soooo
good."

     The phone rang and Karen picked it up, it was Paul.

     "Hi sexy"

     "Morning Paul, you were pretty sexy yourself."

     "Did you fuck Dave's head off last night or does he have the
brains to finish the deal with Joe this morning?"

     "I think his brains are intact darling, but his cock was well used." 
     
     "God you are a sexy bitch aren't you. I bet you have never had all
the cock you wanted.  Even last night after you fucked two of us down."

     "How did you know?"  she said laughing

     "I would love to see you again. Would you like me to drop by your
place this morning.  I can grab a cab if you tell me the address."

     There was only a slight pause then,

     'it's 1500 Sycamore, the front door will be open."

     Karen had just finished drying after her shower when Paul
stepped into her bedroom.  It was two hours later when he got back into
another cab well fucked as was Karen.  Karen changed the sheets and
went back to the shower again.

     Paul called her from the airport later.  Dave was in the back yard
and Karen said sexily, "I loved your visit this morning, when will you be
back?"

     "I think I will have to do a lot more business with Dave... maybe
weekly meetings will be in order.  Dave is going to get a lot of
commissions from my business."

     "And what about me Paul, what are you going to give me?"

     "Hmmmm  ... how about all the cock you can handle."

     She chuckled and said jokingly, "Oh are you going to bring a
friend?"

     "Maybe a couple of them.  Joe and Ralph worked hard to make
this happen."

     Karen stared out the window at her husband working in the yard. 
She thought about the three men  and she said in a husky voice,
"Oh Paul...  could you.. could I?"

     "You know you would love it Karen.  I will call you when we get in
town  Could you get away for the night?"

     "I think so....I can't believe I am thinking about should I fuck all
three of you."

     "You know you have already made up your mind."

     "Yessss"

     She hung the phone up and walked out in the back yard with
Dave.

     "Dave honey, you know how you have been after me to entertain
your clients more here in our home.  Well I have decided I was wrong
not to.  So anytime you want to have a little party here I will try to keep
your clients happy.    Or if you want me to go out with you like last
night... just let me know.  I want to be more help to you in the future
honey."

          end Part 1

