Archive-name: Bondage/surnder2.txt
Archive-author: Heather Dawson
Archive-title: Book of Surrender - 2


                                Chapter 2 - It Begins

            Beth was taken into the house by Paul, Steve, and Bill.
            Craig was waiting for them in the foyer.  As Beth looked up
            at her new surroundings Craig spoke lovingly to her, "Ahh
            Beth, I'm so glad that you have finally arrived."  Craig
            turned to a pudgy man standing to his right, "This is
            Humphrey, he will take you up to your room and help you get
            settled, I will be up in a moment."  Beth looked over at
            Humphrey as he picked up her purse and held out his hand to
            assist her in climbing the staircase.  As Beth was going up
            the stairs she looked down at Craig and her original
            companions, she wondered if they were going to tell Craig
            what they had done to her.  They all went off into a
            separate room and shut the door behind them, "I guess I'll
            never know," she thought to herself.

            Humphrey, who was leading her down the hall spoke up, "Beth,
            Mr. Stansfield has requested that this be your quarters.  He
            has asked that you freshen up and join him in his boudoir in
            an hour."  Beth looked at him with a confused expression,
            "But I don't have any clothes, I don't know if you know this
            or not, but I wasn't exactly planning on coming here in the
            first place."  She could tell right away that Humphrey knew
            what had happened by the tone of his voice.  "Yes Ma'am, I
            know.  Mr. Stansfield has provided everything that you will
            need, you will find it all to your satisfaction, I'm sure."
            With that he unlocked the door and ushered Beth into the
            room.  After setting her purse on the dresser he left,
            gently closing the door behind him.

            Beth couldn't believe the room.  It's tall, pale mauve walls
            gave the room a soft warmth that accentuated the dark
            cherry-wood furniture.  "Good God, this is bigger than my
            apartment!"  Beth mused as she walked over to the bed.  It
            was up on a sort of pedestal and was oversized.  The canopy
            was covered in a flurry of violet sheer that feathered down
            to the floor.  She turned, taking in the rest of the room.
            There were two closets, a personal room, and a large armoire
            and high-boy.  Beth went to the personal-room first.  Upon
            entering the room, Beth saw all of the personal items that
            had been provided to her by Craig sitting on the marbled
            vanity.  "Gee, they pay slaves well on this side of town!"
            Beth laughed out loud at her thought.  As she was leaving
            the bathroom, she saw the clock on the wall.  It was reading
            close to the time that she was supposed to be meeting Craig.

            She went directly over to one of the closets and opened the
            door.  "Ohhh my God!"  she said out loud as she saw the
            walls of the walk-in were lined from side to side with
            nothing but lingerie.  She immediately went over to the
            other closet and opened the door, it was just as the other
            had been.  She walked into the closet and fondled the silks,
            sheers, and satins.  "I think these guys have got the wrong
            idea about providing a woman's wardrobe!"  Just as she
            spoke, there was a knock at her door.  Without even coming
            out of the closet she told them to come in.

            Humphrey entered carrying a small gift box, "Ma'am this has
            been sent you by Mr. Stansfield.  He requested that you wear
            this when you join him tonight.  He also asked that I tell
            you that he will explain to you the clothing rules, among
            other things, at 9 o'clock.  I suggest that you go about
            getting yourself ready, it's almost time and Mr. Stansfield
            does not regard tardiness as a favorable attribute."  Beth
            didn't have time to say a word before he was off again.
            "Damn, what is it with these people, they never stay around
            for anything?"  She queried the universe as she retrieved
            the box from the bed.  She opened it up, careful not to tear
            the paper too much.  She turned it up so that the contents
            fell on the bed.  She took one look and then picked it up.
            It was a white concoction of lace and satin, ruffles and
            ribbons.  Beth spread it out on the bed to take a closer
            look.

            The article she saw was astounding, it was a maids uniform!
            A short, (very short!) white satin dress that had a sort of
            petticoat with it.  Along with the black trimmed apron,
            there were a pair of black thigh-highs, a white g-string, a
            pair of white wrist-length gloves, and a black and white
            lace neck collar.  She couldn't believe it, the uniform
            intrigued her as she looked over it once again.  "Well, what
            the hell!"  She said as she threw her hands high in the air,
            "Gotta start somewhere!"  Beth turned and went into the
            bathroom.  Once inside, she removed the clothes she was
            wearing and looked at her image in the mirror.  She admired
            the way her body looked, she had worked hard to get into top
            shape.  She figured that her body was at least part of the
            reason that she was finally in Craig's life, and she
            concluded that it was all well worth the hard work.  Still,
            she had a sense of apprehension about the whole thing.

            After drawing a hot bath and relaxing in the tub
            momentarily, Beth slipped out and dried herself off.  While
            standing, looking into the vanity mirror, she glanced again,
            over all of the personal items that had been provided her by
            Craig and his faithful assistant, Humphrey.  She picked up a
            bottle of perfume and sprayed the essence over her pulse
            points.  The aroma created a certain element of aura about
            her, something she had never achieved on her own.  She
            opened a drawer and found the cosmetics.  Careful
            application gave her face a smokey, seductive look that
            pleased her greatly.  She dried her hair and decided to
            leave it down rather than pull it up in her usual french
            twist.  With one last look in the mirror, she decided that
            she looked stunning, and went off into the bedroom to don
            her maids uniform.

            She put the lace collar on first, being careful to tie the
            ribbons in a perfect bow.  Next came the thigh-highs, white
            gloves, and finally, the dress.  She went to the closet to
            get a pair of shoes.  She found a pair of black and white
            trimmed heels that suited the dress very well.  She slipped
            them on and stood before the full length mirror across from
            the bedroom door.  "Wow, I can't believe that I look this
            good, I'm sure Craig won't mind!"  As she was admiring the
            way the low cut maids uniform conveniently emphasized her
            cleavage, Humphrey entered the room.  "Ma'am...Mr.
            Stansfield is waiting."  Beth turned to face him, "Well
            Humphrey, don't just stand there, how do I look, will Craig
            approve, what do you think?"  A sly smile came about her
            face as she waited for Humphrey's reaction.  "Well, I am
            sure that Mr. Stansfield will approve."  Beth was a little
            confused, "Why hadn't he reacted, most men would flip for a
            woman in this get-up?"  She put her thoughts out of her mind
            and followed Humphrey to Craig's bedroom.

            Craig's room was furnished in much the same fashion as hers.
            She stood by Humphrey, her hands fidgeting not knowing
            exactly what to do next.  Craig sat, naked on his bed
            looking her over, she could see that he approved of her
            appearance.  "Humphrey, thank you...You are excused now."
            Craig said as he got up and came over to help Beth to the
            side of the bed.  She sat down beside him as he began to
            speak.  "Beth, you look fabulous, I knew when I saw that
            outfit, that it was perfect for you!"  Beth smiled at him
            knowingly, "Yes, it does create an image of me that I had
            not before, been aware of.  She flippantly inquired, "So
            Craig, tell me kind Sir, just what is this 'arrangement' we
            are going to have all about?"  Craig just looked at her as
            he got up and went over to a desk.  He opened a drawer and
            pulled out a set of papers, "There will be time for that
            later.  You will understand all of the stipulations when you
            have executed this document.  But before we go any further,
            I would like for you to do something for me."  He came back
            over to the bed and sat at the head of it.  "I know that you
            want me, and I have known that from the first day you came
            to work for me.  I haven't been uninterested in you either
            my dear.  I wanted you from the first time I saw those
            lovely legs flash from under a skirt you wore, convenient
            isn't it?"

            Beth stammered for a response, she knew that she was being
            confronted with her exhibitionism at the office, "Well, I do
            tend to take things a little too far at times, but I see no
            problem here.  After all,, we both got what we wanted didn't
            we?"  Craig's face broke into an evil grin, "Yes, Beth, we
            did.  I hope you understand that as of now you are my
            employee, my personal assistant, at my disposal.  I'm not
            sure if you understand what all that entails, but soon you
            will and I am sure that you will find it in your favor to
            stay under my guidance and my employment."  He stood up and
            came around to the foot of the bed where Beth was sitting
            and pulled her up against him.  At first she recoiled a bit,
            but as soon as the warmth of his hands hit her back, her
            body seemed to melt into him.  "No Craig, I'm not sure of
            all of this.  But one thing I know for sure is that if I can
            have you, I am game!"  Craig laughed out loud as he looked
            her face over.  "Yes darling, you are game!"

            He pulled her harder against him and pressed his lips into
            hers.  They're tongues met with fire.  Feeling the wetness
            and heat spread in her mouth, Beth became engrossed in his
            kiss and did not notice as he moved his hand down to her
            skirt.  They stopped momentarily as he spoke, "I like this
            uniform on you Beth, it makes me feel like you want to do
            things for me, do you want to do something for me Beth?"
            She licked down his neck before speaking up, "Oh yes, I want
            to do something for you, just tell me...anything!"  Her
            voice was soft and shaky as Craig laid her back on the bed,
            and then brought his body on top of hers.  "Good Beth."  He
            said as he slid his hand under her skirt.  She involuntarily
            shifted her weight so he could reach her naked pussy, "Yes,
            yes....I like it when you want to and I don't have to force
            you!"  Beth wasn't exactly sure what he meant by that
            statement, but she had a pretty good idea, and it excited
            her beyond belief.

            Craig moved his hand up under the petticoat and felt his way
            to her pussy lips.  They were moist with the anticipation of
            his touch.  He rubbed her pussy, and massaged her clit as
            she nibbled and sucked on his bare nipples.  He arched his
            back so that she had to reach up with her head to lick and
            fondle them.  "Ok Beth, I want you to bend over on all fours
            so that I can fuck that cunt and see it."  Beth quickly got
            up and started to take the uniform off.  Craig pulled her
            back down onto the bed, "Don't you do that!" he snapped.
            "You don't ever do anything that I haven't instructed you to
            do.  I will tell you if I want you to take your clothes
            off!"  Beth was shocked at the abruptness of his stern
            voice, but the intrigue of pretending to be a slave took her
            over, "Yes Sir, I'm sorry...it will never happen again."
            Beth got up on all fours and looked behind her to see
            Craig's cock at full erection.  It was rigidly hard and at
            least 10 inches long and 4-5 inches around.  He looked at
            her, "I'm gonna fuck you bitch, just like you've wanted me
            to for months!"  Beth closed her eyes slightly, an
            imperceptible smile forming in the corners of her mouth, as
            she felt the head of his cock press against her cunt
            opening.  As he pressed it in she moaned out loud, "Ohhhh,
            God, it's so big!  I want it all the way up me.  I am a
            bitch Craig, I'm your bitch!  I deserve everything I get
            from you!"  Beth was a bit awed at how sincere her words
            sounded.

            Craig was pushing his cock into her cunt slowly and had his
            hands on the sides of her ass, "You are a fucking bitch, I'd
            like to tie you up to my bed and beat the shit out of you
            and then fuck that pretty mouth until you gagged!"  Beth was
            on fire!  She couldn't help but grind hard up against him as
            he plunged deeper into her with each dive he took.  Craig
            was pumping his rod fervently between Beth's thigh-high clad
            legs.  She could feel her cum begin to seep down the insides
            of her thighs as Craig picked up his pace.  "I'm going to
            cum, whore.  I'm going to cum in your pussy and then you'll
            be mine.  You'll be mine to fuck and use like I see fit!"
            Beth could hardly make out what he was saying because she
            had become caught up in her own heat, and her own impending
            orgasm.  "Oh yeahhh, fuck me, fuck me like a slut!"

            Craig was ramming into her. burying himself in her juices,
            "Don't cum bitch, don't you dare cum, or I'll slap that ass
            till it bleeds!"  Beth's cunt was clutching his every stroke
            as his body quivered.  She wasn't sure how much longer she
            could hold off, he told her not to cum, but if he didn't
            hurry up, she was going to explode!  Craig rammed her even
            harder, pulling her against his crotch, his pelvis bone
            crushing against her tail bone.  "Oooohhhhhhh!, yeah, I'm
            going to shoot it all in you and them you're going to clean
            my dick off!"  Just as he spoke, Beth felt his hot, creamy
            cum rush into her, like a river filling the ocean.  He let
            out a loud moan on his last thrust.  Beth was still grinding
            on him, contracting her cunt muscles so as to drain his
            every drop.

            While his cock was still throbbing from his orgasm, he
            pulled it out, "You can't cum Beth, not until I tell you
            so."  Beth looked around at him, "Craig," she pleaded, "I'm
            on fire, please, please...let me cum."  Her eyes begged him
            to let her relieve the pressure that had built in her groin
            but he refused her all of her pleasure.  "No Beth, I cant'
            let you cum, not until I know that you are faithful.  You
            have to prove to me that you are willing to be my obedient
            slave and assistant."  Beth rolled off her knees and sat on
            her ass facing Craig, "What do I have to do?"  She wanted an
            answer, she wanted to be Craig's slave...she wanted to be
            his bitch!

            Craig looked at her lovingly, "I can give you everything you
            have ever wanted, but I have to know that you will release
            your body and soul into my hands with no resistance.  You
            have two requirements to meet:  The first is simple, you
            must clean your juices from my body with your tongue.  In
            order for you to do this, I have to tie you down to the bed,
            I want to have complete control of your body.  The second
            one is the most important of the two:  I have had a contract
            drawn up stating the terms of your employment by me.  You
            must take it to your quarters after tongue-bathing me, read
            it and sign it.  After reviewing and executing the contract,
            you must bring it to me...that is when I will allow you your
            orgasm.  I will, if you wish, help you become stimulated,
            but I doubt that you will need assistance.  After executing
            the agreement, you are not allowed to ask any more
            questions.  You either sign and accept all of it or you are
            free to go immediately on your way."

            Beth looked down at the uniform she was wearing and thought
            briefly about the ultimatum.  She wanted Craig, and she
            loved the way he and his friends had talked to and treated
            her.  With little hesitation at all she looked up at Craig
            who was staring directly into her eyes.  "Yes, yes I will do
            it.  I want to be your slave and servant.  I will do
            anything to be by your side!"  Craig smiled brightly, "I am
            so delighted that you are inclined to accept my offer, I
            wanted no one but you to fill this position!"  They embraced
            tightly and Craig pulled Beth against him.  He wanted to
            hold, caress, and cuddle her before the real adventure
            began.
--
