Archive-name: Bondage/surnder1.txt
Archive-author: Heather Dawson
Archive-title: Book of Surrender - 1

                              
                 Chapter 1 - The Abduction

Beth had just gotten off work, she had become accustomed to
late hours since her promotion.  She exited the building and
walked along the dimly lit sidewalk that led her to the
parking garage that was adjacent to the building.  The
impending rainstorm had made it uncomfortably humid.  The
night air was stirring, despite her weariness.  She
unbuttoned her blouse fully and let her braless breasts
bathe in the wetness the fog was creating.  She was
anticipating arriving home and crawling into the sanctuary
of her bed.  She'd had a very stressful day and she wanted
very badly to strip her body of it's clothing and just lie
in bed.  She needed peace and quiet.

Through the mist she caught sight of a car parked next to
hers.  The air was thick, so her vision was reasonably
impaired, she took caution and pulled her blouse to cover
her breasts and got her keys from her purse.  As she drew
closer to the car, she realized it was a limousine.  She
knew that it wasn't there that morning when she came in, and
she wondered why it was there now.  She came up beside the
car, apprehensively peering into the dark windows as best
she could, attempting to keep her distance.  There was no
response from inside the mysterious car, so she turned, slid
her key into the lock of her own car and opened her door.
As she began her decent into the drivers seat, she heard the
opening of the door on the limo.  She ignored what she felt
was the inevitable and hastened to get into her own car.

A strong, intimidating voice halted her, "Mrs. Evans,
please, don't get into the car."  Beth was visibly
distraught as she felt the fear shoot throughout her body.
She turned to see two colossal gentlemen behind her, both
were staring directly into her eyes with a grip that
wouldn't stop.  Trying to muster all of her strength and
business sense and portray the image of confidence wasn't
coming easy to Beth.  She was terrified as to what they
wanted with her.  She finally spoke out trying to appear to
them that she had her shit together.  "What do you want?"
Here, my purse...my keys, please leave me alone, just let me
go!"  Her response was lacking confidence. She knew herself,
they didn't want any of the things she'd offered...they
wanted her.  She moved abruptly to run, the man on her right
reached and grabbed her arm.  As he guided her back, two
other men stepped out and encircled her.  "Mrs. Evans,
please get into the car, we have been sent to pick you up
and deliver you to your superior, and we will complete that
task despite your unwillingness!".  Before another word
could be spoken Beth was forcibly guided to the back of the
car.

There were two men on either side of her and one directly in
front of her, all were sitting silently.  She spoke to the
man in front of her, "What is going on?"  He looked at her,
radiating his great power and then turned to the man on her
right, he nodded, signaling him.  As she watched the men's
non-verbal communication she grew very timid. She was sure
that something disastrous was going to happen.

The man on her right took her hand and began fondling it.
She continued her steady gaze straight ahead, making sure
not to acknowledge his actions.  Her blouse was open,
exposing her bare breasts, and her nipples were erect with
the chilliness of the car.   The man on her left leaned
forward, as to kiss her.  She slid down into the cold
leather seat trembling horribly.  The man on her right
seized both hands and forced them behind her back, she
panicked.  Just as she did, the man on her left lunged and
forced a scarf deep into her mouth and covered it with duct
tape.  In her struggle, the first man bound her hands so
tightly, they took on a sudden blush from the trapped blood.

She knew that she was in a hopeless situation as she thought
frantically about who could have sent these men for her.
Beth panicked and tried to scream, but all that left her
throat was a muffled moan.  The men looked at her with a
great deal of satisfaction.  She knew they had her...and so
did they!

The men roared out a loud, almost sadistic laugh, "Damn
she's feisty, I've never seen anything like her," he was
hungrily staring at her breasts, "You're the most glorious
thing I've ever seen."  He came over to Beth, "We're not
going to hurt you, at least not too much, we just want to
play some before we have to hand you over to your new boss,
he's the one who sent us for you.  As it turns out, he's
been quite impressed with your performance on the job and he
is curious about your performance as a captive women."  Beth
knew she was in deep shit now, her desire to take herself up
the corporate ladder had certainly taken her too far this
time.  Now she knew who had sent for her.  To her surprise
knowing it was her new boss Craig, made her feel more
comfortable.

Craig Stansfield, was her new superior and she was
impassioned by him.  Though she never said so, she fantasized
about him during her solitary nights.  She made it a point
to let him and some of his contemporaries see the balance
between the hard and rigid business woman she was, and her
soft, sensual feline side.  Beth was a very  desirable
woman, and she new how to play the corporate game.  She had
worked hard to get where she was, and she wasn't about to
lose that position because she was of the female gender.
She worked diligently everyday on keeping the males in her
office interested in her, business wise, and otherwise.  Her
garters had become her best friends since her promotion.
She would cross her long silky legs and raise her skirt just
enough to let the guys see where the stocking ended and her
bronzed skin began.  She knew they liked it, every man in
the office was after her.  Her career had never been more
in-control.

She never thought that it would ever go this far.  "After
all, being kidnaped by your boss is rather bizarre!"  She
thought to herself.  It had all started out very innocently,
she knew that being a woman in a male dominated industry had
it's disadvantages.  So she let her colleagues get private,
hints of what was under her tailored business suits.  Beth
had always enjoyed wearing sexy under-clothing beneath her
"corporate image."  Since this promotion came about, and she
knew other, better positions would be opening up soon, she
made a decision to rid herself of the confinement of panties
and bras.  The men liked what they saw of her at work, and
she liked it when they looked at her body.  Her aspirations
for corporate power had finally begun to become reality.

She found herself becoming more relaxed, as the strong man's
soft, but powerful voice seemed to calm her.  As she glanced
around at the men, she noted that they were all
dashing...like the "dark" men she fantasized about.  Beth was
attracted to men of this nature, they seemed to have
control, and power.  They were forceful yet could be tamed.
The man directly across from her was especially handsome, he
had on high, black leather boots, they excited her as she
caught the aroma of the visibly new, stiff leather.  She was
becoming more comfortable, and the ropes that held her hand
were beginning to loosen.  She felt herself becoming
aroused.  She often fantasized about being taken advantage
of.  She never had the nerve to admit, even to herself, that
she was quite submissive.

The man seated across from her who seemed to have all of the
authority introduced himself as Paul, the other two men said
they were Bill and Steve.  Paul shifted to her and perched
sideways on the edge of the seat, he slid his hand onto her
breasts, her nipples became fully erect with his touch.

"You're a living doll, my friends and I want to see all of
that body, typically we would order you to remove your
clothes, but considering your present position, I'll bet
we're going to have to do it for you, aren't we?"  Beth
looked on as his voice seemed to hypnotize her, she was
amazed at how easily her fears and inhibitions slipped away.
He slid down to her breasts and covered one of them with his
mouth, his breath was very heavy and hot, Beth felt the
heady sensations flow like electricity through her body, his
saliva made her nipple glisten.  He then pulled up sharply,
"We're all glad that you could be here with us now, but soon
we'll hand you over to Craig, and we thought that you might
need to go through some initial preparatory training,
welcome  Beth, to Slavery 101."  She was savoring the
feeling of his saliva coating her nipple when she realized
what he had said.  "Oh God, what is all of this about?"  She
thought to herself.  "Submission, slavery, maybe I am in way
over my head this time!"  He interrupted her thoughts when
he told the driver to find someplace to stop that was
secluded so they could have some fun.

Steve slid his hand under her skirt and began to slowly
trace the lines of her stockings, her legs were trembling,
and her vagina was becoming moist.  He ran his hands up the
insides of her thighs, along the strap that held her garters
to her belt, he reached his goal cunt to find it damp with
her fluid.  "Oh Beth, no panties and a wet cunt, you really
are a bad girl, just like Craig said, aren't you?"  She
nodded shyly, she liked how he was talking to her and how he
was gazing into her eyes, even further into her imagination.
It made her feel like she was a very, very disobedient girl,
and she liked that.  Paul reached down and pulled her skirt
up above her waist to put her ecstasy center on display. She
closed her eyes as she felt the heat of their stares.
"Steve, why don't you show her face to face what you've got
for her, I'm sure she's had some experience sucking cocks,
at least in the conventional form...now lets teach her how
we like to have ours pumped. "I think I'm going to play down
here for awhile.  Paul spread her legs wide apart, her soft
blonde hair shimmered with total delight.

Steve came up to her face and knelt down, she was lying down
now and Paul was rubbing his fingers all around her clit
smearing the juices over the entire area of her pussy. He
was rubbing his cock hard through his tight jeans, as he
removed the tape and scarf gag.  Beth could see the bulge
inside of them as she felt him press himself against her
cheek.  "Feel that Baby, I'm gonna take it out so you can
have a taste, I want to see those luscious lips wrapped
around it while I teach you how to lip-fuck a cock."

Beth was ready for him, she felt his swollen cock through
his pants, and she wanted to lick it from top to bottom.
Her experience was limited so she decided to give in and let
Steve teach her all she would need to know.  "What the hell
could I do about it anyway, even if I didn't want to suck
him."  Beth thought to herself.  Paul was working on her
cunt with a vengeance she'd not known before.  He was
invading her canal with his fingers and massaging her clit
with strong pressure from his thumb.  He had his pants at
his knees and was stroking his rod.  His eyes were closed as
his pelvis rhythmically moved to meet his hand at the base
of his oversized dick.

  She knew that she wanted all of them to take advantage of
her, to take her to a place of total pleasure.  She wanted
to be the little slut she dreamed about, she wanted men
everywhere to want her . . . and to have her!  Her fears and
inhibitions had totally disappeared.

Bill moved in for a closer look as Steve was taking his cock
out, "I'm going to watch you get it and then I'm going to
join in. "  He had his shirt off and was caressing his own
nipples, they were erect with desire.  Beth wanted to reach
up and suck them. "You're a little slut aren't you bitch,
aren't you a little slut, Beth?"  She nodded, with delight,
she felt like a slut.  Steve was pumping his immense cock
deep into her throat and Paul was rubbing his against her
inner thighs while fingering her.  She was ready to explode,
her juices were flowing from her cunt as Paul pushed deep
into her.  He moaned a prehistoric moan, "You want it bitch,
you want it, don't you?.  He began to push his hand all the
way inside of her faster and deeper than ever before, she
vacillated between the pain of his actions and her desire
for total pleasure.

Steve was forcing himself so deep into her throat, she could
hardly breathe, "Suck it!, Suck it!"  Bill bent down and
pinched a nipple, as he watched Beth get it from both ends.
He pulled and tugged it upward so that her breast was
visibly extended.  Bill began to unzip his pants revealing a
huge cock.  He wrapped his hand around it as he began to
jack off while watching the whole scene.  Steve, still
fucking her mouth, began pulling out to the tip of his head
and plunging back deep into her throat, she was gagging and
struggling to breathe.  Paul withdrew his hand from her as
Steve suddenly pulled out of her mouth and shot his cum onto
her face and into her mouth.  Beth let her head fall back
onto the seat, she could begin to feel her throat start to
swell and the pain was intense,  she wasn't sure she could
take anymore.  Her body was screaming for no more...but her
head was still set on orgasm.  Her fantasies were, after
all, becoming a reality.

After a moment of recovery, Bill pulled her up on her knees,
"We're going to give you a special treat now."  He sat down
and laid her across his lap so that her ass was raised in
the air.  Beth felt his erection grow stronger as their
flesh intersected. Paul re-entered her and began rigidly
pumping harder, her cunt was creamy, and his heat was
relieving her agony.  Beth felt her muscles contract and she
knew she was almost ready to cum.  She was pulsating against
Paul and he was plunging deeper and deeper, she was moaning
and crying out.  Just as she was ready to let her hot cum
flow, Paul pulled out and rammed into her ass as hard as he
could.  She had never had it in the ass.  She screamed
violently just as he shot his load into her tight hole, he
was pumping her forcefully, she was crying and writhing in
pain, but he kept drilling her until he had lost all of his
essence deep into her virgin ass.  She contracted her anal
muscles as tight as possible as the tears began to fall.
She felt ugly and violated after what they had done to her.

"Oh yeah baby, you're good, that mouth is beautiful, those
lips are the best fuck I've ever had,".  Steve remarked.  As
he went to sit down, he was looking at her with a very
satisfied look that made her feel as if she were tainted.

She burst out, "Why in the hell do you think you can do this
to me, especially you Paul, who the fuck gave you the right
to do that to me, you're all a bunch of sons of bitches!"  The
pain she was feeling was intense.  She was still immobile,
her hands bound behind her back, and bent over Bill's lap.
Her position was the only thing standing between her and
them...she wanted to rip them apart, just as they had done
to her.  "You will pay for this!"  She snared.  Her emotion
surprised her, never before had she felt such a rage as
this.  "Now, now Beth, don't get all mixed up here", Bill
said as he was rubbing her ass, "Remember whose in charge
here."  She didn't have time to respond to him as he
promptly shoved the gag and tape back over her mouth.  "Now
the real fun little girl,  I am going to punish you.  You've
been horribly slutty at work darling, and now you're going to
pay for flaunting that steamy, fragile body to get what you
want, no man likes to be teased..  The next time you brush
your tiger up against a man, maybe you'll think twice about
what he might do to you."

With that Bill let out a hard slap on her ass, she struggled
violently and started kicking and screaming through her
muffled mouth.  She wanted badly to spit in his face, but
she knew there was nothing she could do.  He kept slapping
her while the others looked on, she closed her eyes tightly,
the anger and embarrassment were overpowering.  "This isn't
it for you, bitch, remember I haven't had my fun yet, this
is only the beginning."  He relentlessly slapped her ass and
thighs unmercifully while she writhed in pain.  Her ass was
cherry red and blotched when he finished with her, "Now
bitch, get up and lay down on the seat, I'm going to drill
that cunt so I suggest you hold on!" He helped her off his
lap and arranged her on her back with her legs spread wide
apart.  Steve and Paul came in closer, they both held her
down so that Bill could give it to her.  Her anger was still
apparent as she resisted their hold.  She hoped that their
"playtime" would be over soon.

Bill knelt over her and pulled down his pants, his cock was
at least 9 inches long and 4 - 5 inches around.  The head
was swollen and red, he was rigidly hard from spanking her,
"This is for you, slut, I'm going to push it up into your
hole and pump you hard and deep until I get ready to coat
you with a gallon of cum.  You're going to learn a long, hard
lesson."  "If you cum, we're all going to take turns bending
you over our knees and spanking you, you just lie back and
be good, and don't move a muscle!"

Beth was disgusted with herself for what she had done at
work to cause all of this to happen, even more so when she
felt her body involuntarily give into them again.  She was
turned on by the way he was talking to her, her anger
slipped away concerning Paul's stunt.  Her body began to
involuntarily contract as she watched Bill push his rod
against her cunt.  She was fearful of what he might do when
he realized she was dry as a bone. "Not wet yet hon, well
we'll take care of that."  He reached behind him and
retrieved a tube of KY, he pointed it at her cunt and
squeezed every drop onto her.  It was freezing cold and her
nipples were instantly erect for Steve and Paul to enjoy,
they both began to rub and pull at them, as they encouraged
Bill.

Bill rubbed his rod around in the jelly to coat his head and
began stroking her lips with tip of his cock.  She began to
rub up against him encouraging him to enter her, despite his
immense size.  He pushed his head in and pulled it out for
an instant and then began his decent down into her.  He
filled her up, his eyes were beginning to close, "You're on
fire baby, do you want me to go deeper and drill you?"  Beth
nodded faintly and arched her back so he could enter her
deeper.  He pushed, slowly, into her until she thought he
could go no further, he began pumping her, his body moving
rhythmically with hers.  Paul and Steve were watching and
playing with her nipples, "She needs it Bill, push it
deeper, push it up her until it gags her, the little bitch
deserves it!"  It was exciting to see them watch her get
fucked by Bill.  She began to realize what it was like to be
a full throttle exhibitionist.  She got hotter and hotter as
they were watching her bound body being ravished.  Bill
wanted to go deeper and deeper with each thrust.  She wasn't
sure her tight pussy could take anymore.

Beth was groaning with pure ecstasy, the cold of the jelly
mixed with the heat of Bill's rod made sensations rush to
the tips of her erect nipples.  "C'mon baby, let me go
faster, I want to give it to that hot hole, oh yeah babe
spread em' out so I can give it all to you.  I'm going to
cum all over you, but just remember that if you cum what's
going to happen to you."  His voice was shaky as he was
pumping fast and vigorously, she was beginning to cum, but
she knew better.  She closed her eyes as he continued to
pump her harder than ever.  The punishment she was receiving
was pure pleasure, she felt herself release her body to him.
For him to have and do with what he pleased.  "I think I'm
going to enjoy sexual slavery." She thought to herself.

 He filled her up so much, she had no room to contract those
lovely love muscles.  Bill started lunging into her harder
and harder, he was ready to cum and she knew it.  Paul and
Steve were twisting and pulling her nipples increasing her
stimulation ten-fold.  "Here it comes slut, I'm going to
pour it all over you!" Bill said as his thighs began to
contract.

Both Paul and Steve returned to their seats, they had both
been watching and participating the whole time, Beth was
envious that everyone was able to cum...all except for her.
Bill let out a loud groan, and pulled his monstrous cock out
of her and pumped and pumped until his semen spurted out all
over her pussy, and belly.  She was trying her best to keep
from cumming as he squeezed out all of his juice.  Beth was
having a very hard time as she felt the explosive energy
build inside of her.  He looked at her and grinned, and he
fell down hard onto her so she couldn't move, "Don't let it
come out Beth, save it for Craig, he's going to give you
plenty of opportunities to relieve yourself."  She was
curious as to what exactly Craig had planned for her.  She
was feeling extremely weary and couldn't hold her eyes open
any longer as she heard Bill tell the driver to again begin
the journey to Mr. Stansfield's house.

Beth passed out from mental and physical exhaustion.

--
