Copyright © 1998,   (anonX).  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit, or on another website 
without the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this entire notice attached (headers & footers intact).  The 
author may be contacted by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com, mrdouble@airmail.net, 
or mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.


A wildPage story from MrDouble's archive, 
File: surprise.txt from wpsurpri.zip
http://www.mrdouble.com


The Surprise
Written by:  (anonX)

John was excited as he left his office and faced the weekend at home.  His wife had told him so expect a very special surprise after work and that he should be ready for anything.  John's wife Alice was an amazing she was always ready for hot sex and he had a feeling that his surprise was going to be a sexy one.  Alice was always adding something kinky to the mix and he was constantly turned on in her presence.  Even after they're daughter Dawn was born ten years ago he thought that would be the end of the wild sex but to the contrary Alice just seemed to get more excited as the years went on.  Dawn his daughter was growing up to be the most beautiful little girl and was always with her mother they were very close and spent all their time together.  John had recently noticed that he had been looking at their little girl with a nasty eye he would watch her play and would often want to walk into her bedroom if he thought that she might be getting dressed just to have a look at her body.  John had never seen his daughter naked,  Alice was strange about that she always told john that it was right for a father to see his little girl with no clothes on only the occasional topless peek that would happen if Dawn would be running to the bath room in the morning.

Now John was pulling into the driveway of his home and his dick was getting hard thinking about what it would be like to have a little girl even his little Dawn sucking on his cock.  To be shooting cum down the throat of a little girl and watch her swallow it.  The thought made his dick even harder.  

As the garage door opened he could see his wife Alice was waiting in the garage for him and he new that the surprise was about to be given to him.  "Hello Alice" John said as he exited his car.  Alice had a big smile on her young beautiful face.  "HI Baby" she replied.  "Are you ready for the time of your life tonight" she purred into his ear as they hugged.  John could feel his cock growing even harder as she pulled him tight to her.  Alice reached down and squeezed his cock through his pants and whispered "Have I got a gift for you, but first I want to blindfold you."  John thought that this was a bit strange since Alice had never been shy about anything before in her life.  Slowly Alice waited for the automatic garage door to close and she produced a blindfold and wrapped it around John's eyes.  "Now honey you have to promise me that no matter what you will not remove this until I say so" John promised and was led to the living room and seated in the stuffed chair he knew so well.   

Now  he felt his wife's hands unbuckling his belt and he lifted his hips to help her remove his pants and underwear it felt good as his now swollen cock sprung  out and slapped against his stomach.  Alice took hold of his dick and slowly started to pump it up and down saying "now you promise that no matter what happens you won't take off the blindfold." And one more time John agreed.  It felt so good to have his cock getting the attention it was especially after the thoughts he was having in the car coming home.

Now John could feel something different on his dick it was definitely wet , a tongue and he could feel that it was slowly twirling around on the head of his cock and licking up the pre cum that he was sure had collected there.   Now the mouth that the tongue came from slowly started to swallow the head of his dick.  This was not Alice's mouth she had sucked his cock enough times for John to know how she had sucked it.  This was a stranger sucking his dick and that even made him more turned on.  John's mind was racing who could have Alice recruited to have sex with them and who would be willing to just start by sucking his cock.. As John could feel the mouth now sliding down over the length of his dick he felt a hand wrap around his cock and take the place of his wife's.  As the hand pumped up and down on him he felt the size of the hand it was much smaller then Alice's.  John cock was getting ready to explode.  He started to grown and lift his hips into the mouth that was now all the way down his cock.  Alice asked him if he liked what was happening John said "yes".  Alice asked if he would like to have the blindfold removed and John said he would.  Alice made him promise that he would not get mad if she did.  John agreed of course what could he do he was about ready to shot his cum into a mouth that he didn't know who it belonged to.  John could feel Alice removing the blindfold from his head.  John had his eyes closed when the blindfold was removed out of habit.  After all his dick was being sucked better then he ever remembers and he was so close to shooting that it was normal.  Alice said that he could open his eyes.  

John opened his eyes and saw what he thought was going to be a neighbor, but it wasn't instead he had to be sure of what he saw.  There between his legs smiling at him with his cock in her mouth was Dawn his daughter.  John couldn't believe the scene he saw.  His wife Alice was naked and rubbing her cunt as she watched her daughter suck her husbands cock.  Dawn said to her father "Daddy I have waited for you to cum in my mouth for a long time will you?"  John didn't know what to do but he was sure that the feeling in his balls were going to give her what she wanted.  John just relaxed in the chair and let his little girl continue sucking his cock.

Alice was standing behind her little girl with her finger slamming in and out of her pussy as she told John to cum in his little girls mouth.  John was so turned on at all of this a dream come true he couldn't hold back if he wanted to.  John started to shoot his load.  Dawn put her mouth completely over her fathers cock and sucked like she had done this before she swallowed all the cum oozing out of Johns dick.  She acted as if she were getting something special and continued to suck until her small mouth swallowed up every drop.

John watched as his wife came all over her own hand watching their little girl suck his dick.















    *---(:>     Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!     <:)---*


                               www.mrdouble.com
  

                                 doubleMirrors at:
       http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/mirror.htm


                Let the Show begin....I've been Ready.


                         *---(:>   Mr Double   <:)---*