Archive-name: Bondage/surrsara.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Surrender of Sara, The


            Part One

It was with great anticipation that I packed my luggage for
the trip to California where I was going to attend a work related
school in the San Francisco Bay area.  While I was intrested 
in the school, I was really looking forward to seeing Alan and
Sara again.

Alan had just married Sara a few months before Charlotte and I moved
to the Pacific Northwest and we didn't get much of a chance to
get to know her until they visited last year. The four of us went
out for an evening of dinner and the hot tubs to get to know
each other again after being apart for a year.  While not planning
anything, but knowing Alan better than that, Charlotte and I had
discussed if we wanted to get together again with Alan as we
had many times over the last ten years.  The unsure factor was
Sara, a young wife of nineteen, whom we did not want to scare
away as a friend.  Alan had assured us, over the last two years,
that Sara was mature beyond her 19 years and we were soon to find
out how mature.

"Would you like to fuck Sara tonight?", Alan had asked as we
sat in the sauna.  Typical Alan, all the tact of a sledgehammer.
What could I say?  How could I have tha pleasure of staring
at Sara's luchous firm body for an hour and not say yes?
It was gratifying to see Charlotte with Alan again and Sara was
not, if I may understate, dissapointing.  We got together twice
in the week they were visiting and Charlotte and I missed them
greatly after they left.

"Have you forgotten anything", Charlotte asked," your books,
briefcase, note from your wife?"  While she could not go
along with me, Charlotte had quickly given her approval of
my desire to be with our friends again.

"Presents for mommy", I said as I dodged out of the way
of a careening little baby Nikki to give Sara the flowers I 
brought her and share a hug I had been thinking about all day.
Sara's musky scent swept over me again.  I could've stood there all
afternoon taking in her scent, getting dizzy as I breathed gently,
my face nuzzled in her hair.  It was a good hello and we started
preparing dinner and doing small talk until Alan got home from
work.  The air had a tense quality as we made busy in the kitchen
with dinner.  I kept admiring her full rounded figure and remembering
what she was like to hold her as she came.  So quiet, barely
purring like a kitten, so unlike my Charlotte.  I sat quietly thinking
of the contrasts between her and Charlotte until Alan arrived  and,
after the hugs and hellos, sat down to dinner to discuss the
nights plans.  

We decided to go out to my hotel "for some coffee and dessert"
and breakfast in the morning.  Nothing more was said.  Sara
seemed to take great pleasure in showing me a pink cotton, 
backless, sideless mini-dress before we left and asking,
"Would this be alright?"  Silly question.  I made it abundantly
clear how cruel it would have been not to wear it for me.

I snapped the open back of her dress apart as we sat on the bed
in the hotel waiting for Alan to get out of the shower.  Gently
I scraped my nails along tanned smooth shoulderblades as a
farmilar purr filled the air.  Lightly tracing the goosebumps my
attentions were producing, I followed every muscle and ripple
along her back as she shuddered quietly.  Placing my lips against
her shoulder I quietly inhaled her scent and remembered how exiting
it was to hold and touch this young woman.  

Alan entered the room as I continued to trace the curves of Sara's
neck and shoulders with the lightest of touch.  Quietly he sat
and took in the view of a mesmerized Sara, swaying to my feather
light touch, purring quietly and shuddering with exitement.

Slowly I pulled the top of her dress down to release her large,
firm breasts and lightly draw my fingertips along her ribs below
them.  Sara's back arched, begging me to touch her, as my hands
teased their way towards her breasts.  In one smooth motion I
grasped both her breasts firmly as I bit her rather firmly
on the right shoulder.  My motions were firm yet gentle, but 
quietly whispering promises of things to come.

Sara moaned as I continued to nip at her neck and shoulder and
firmly knead her large breasts and hardening nippls.  Occasionally
I would draw my fingernails, just trimmed but not filed and very
sharp, across her breasts and nipples.  The sharp edges of my nails
cause her to jump and twitch suddenly as I left light red tracings
across her breasts.  Sara sat immoble, head thrown back, eyes closed, 
and swaying gently as my hands explored her and my bites and nips 
brought her back to alertness every few seconds. 

Alan had allowed me the luxury of Sara for long enough and started
to stroke her hair and other shoulder as my left hand reached up
to grasp a handfull of her hair.  Pulling Sara's head back I kissed
her for the first time as Alan's hands roamed over her breasts. 
Fully and deeply we kissed as I slowly forced my attentions, my 
hands roaming over her breasts and tummy, causing her to shiver and 
tremble in my strong and firm grasp.

Tightening my grasp on her hair I pulled Sara down to the bed
while pinning her down with one hand on her breast.  My hands
traced over her face.  Lightly following the lines of her
cheekbones and lips, my hands flowed down her chest to her tummy.
Her tummy shuddered at my light, almost tickeling, touch as I
moved to the foot of the bed to remove her dress.  Slowly, her 
eyes still closed, Sara wiggled and raised her hips off the bed 
as Alan directed his attentions to her hard nipples.  Her dress 
and white string panties were slowly peeled off her tanned body 
while Alan continued to suck and bite her stiff, sensitive nipples.

As her dress came off I could catch Sara's musky scent and,
without delay, grasped her legs firmly and spread them apart.
Holding Sara as I would a captive I plunged my face into her
warm, and musky cunt.  Sara's moan of pleasure and release sang 
in my ears as I began to explore this young woman as I had not before.  
The scent I always caught near her neck and shoulders intocxicated
me as my hands slid down to cup the smooth, round cheeks of her 
young ass and draw her closer to my active flicking tounge and her 
own orgasm.  Though Sara is usually quiet, her moans grew louder 
with every moment as I continued to push her on to orgasm with 
my tounge and hands.  As I felt her legs and ass cheeks tense
under my attentions, Sara came in a wave of shudders and husky 
purring as I held her tightly, a prisoner to my desires.  
She had been nude but five minutes and her night had just begun.

Slowly I stepped away as her shaking subsided and let her
rest as I removed my clothes.  Undressing slowly, I watched
her shudder every few seconds as she came back to Earth, I felt
a sense of power in taking Sara so quickly.  Slowly her eyes 
opened and sleeply gazed at me through her lashes as I finished
removing my clothes.  Alan watched intently as Sara slowly rose 
to one elbow to gently grasp my hardening cock and smile up at me
as I stood next to her near the bedside.

Slowly Sara engulfed my cock with her soft mouth as her hand
cupped and caressed by balls.  With a gentle, yet insistent,
rythym Sara continued to suck and lick my cock as it grew to
fill her mouth.  My hands weaved through her hair as I slowly
started to slide her head down and my cock deeper into her 
throat.  Sara moaned as my cock slid deeper, responding to my 
strong and sure touch, her chin coming to rest against her hand 
as she cradled and massaged my balls.

All the while Alan had been caressing her breasts again and
wandering down to the nest of sandy colored hair between her
legs with his hands.  As Sara squirmed under Alan's hands and
as I slowly fucked her mouth she became more exited and hot.  
My cock would slide deep into her mouth as she built up a rythym 
with Alan's hand working smoothly across her hot wet cunt.  Her 
other hand had wandered over to Alan's growing cock as I eased 
her down on the bed and lowered my cock back into her mouth.  
She was so beautiful, so sexy, as her lips slid back and forth 
along me, her hips squirming under Alan's hand, and her own hand 
caressing Alan's uncut cock.  Sliding the foreskin back and forth 
she slowly got Alan finally as worked up as we had become.

Sara was obviously enjoying herself immensely but I had other 
things in mind as I reluctantly  withdrew my cock from her 
warm and willing mouth. Her eyes never left mine as I positioned
myself to enter her.  Guiding me between the folds of her cunt 
with her hand I slowly, oh so slowly, entered Sara.  Rocking my 
hips with hers, we slowly moved closer until our pubic bones ground 
against one another. Gently, but with increasing force and power 
I began to move inside Sara.  My strokes becoming longer and deeper 
with each thrust into her tight bucking cunt.  Alan brought his cock 
up to Sara's mouth, for the first time of her life she was to be 
filled with two cocks, she took Alan gladly as I continued to 
increase my force and pressure into her.  

My mouth roamed over her breasts, kissing and biting her hardening 
nipples as Alan enjoyed her active mouth and wandering tounge as
I had earlier.  As Alan began to moan I decided to begin teasing
Sara with my cock as, surprisingly for me, I had not come yet and
was not ready to.  I would withdraw until I was touching her with
nothing except the tip of my cock and, after sliding up against
her hard clit to excite her more, would plunge back inside her
cunt.  With every stroke Sara would attack Alan's cock with her
mouth, sucking and sliding her head back and forth, trying to make
him come.

The attentions being lavished on Sara's young willing cunt had
brought her to a few orgasms already and Alan was encouraging
me to get up.  He wanted to have his wife, and who was I to 
deny him.  Besides, my thoughts were turning back to her
wonderful cocksucking and williness to please.  I was wondering
just how willing she was as I slowly pulled out to be replaced
by Alan.  Sara did not skip a beat as my cock, still very wet
from pounding her cunt, slid deep into her waiting mouth.

Greedly she sucked and drove my cock deeper into her mouth
with her hands cupping my ass cheeks.  Turnabouts fair play
I thought as she would not let me back out an inch, her
tounge streched along the entire length of my cock, buried
in her mouth.

Sensing that my legs were tiring from holding myself over her,
but not knowing I would endure cramps from hell rather than
move an inch and give up the attention I was recieving, Sara
pulled her head back and pulled me down to the bed.  Leaning 
against the headboard, while she moved onto her knees so Alan 
could enter her from the rear, I relaxed and fell into the 
sensation of her mouth sliding up and down along my cock.

Slowly and gently my hands played through her sandy colored hair
as Alan continued pound into her willing cunt.  She came twice
more as she drove me towards my own orgasm with her hard
and deep sucking.  My cock swelled in the back of her throat
as Sara came again under Alan's relentless pounding and she
drove her face against my stomach and buried my cock deep
against the back of her throat.  "Easy babe", I whispered
to her as I felt the tension of my orgasm building.  Without
hesitation she withdrew her mouth from my cock and, after smiling
wickedly, slowly drove her mouth back down to engulf me again.
Knowing she wanted me to come I relaxed against the headboard,
my eyes closed, head thrown back, with the fingers of each
hand weaving through Sara's hair as she slowly drove me 
farther and farther, with each stroke of her lips along my
cock, towards orgasm.  As Sara came once again I joined her
in a dizzy delierum, my legs tensed and grasping her ribs,
my cock throbbing as my come filled her mouth and I felt her
bury her head farther down and swallow and moan until I could
take no more, let go of her hair and surrenderred to the  
dizziness and collapsed back against the headboard, my legs feeling
like jelly and my breath coming short and fast.

Resting her head against my thigh, Sara lay with my cock still
buried against the back of her throat.  Every so often she would
swallow and drive me off the bed with sensation.  Slowly my eyes
opened and I slid down, under her as Alan continued to drive 
her to another orgasm.  Gently I raised her lips to mine and 
kissed her deeply.  "Thank you Sara", I whispered to her as she
started to moan again, ready to give herself up to another orgasm 
from Alan's steady fucking.  "Thank *you* ", she smiled as her
eyes closed in pleasure from Alan's smooth, fast fucking.

Sara collapsed onto my chest and I held her tight as Alan,
kneeling behind her, both hands grasping her hips, started
to show signs of finally coming.  His tempo quickened as
Sara hugged me tightly and explored my mouth with her tounge.
Her breath quickened as her mouth never left mine.  I held
her tightly, raking my nails across her back, one hand pinning
her heaving breasts against my chest and returning her impassioned 
kisses as Alan came.

Groaning loudly he pounded Sara into me and drove both of us 
into the bed together with the force of his orgasm.  Sara
shook and shuddered in my arns as her orgasm matched her husband's.
As Alan slowed, in breathing and thrusting, we all settled
together onto the bed and lay there holding each other close
in exaustion.  Sara would purr occationally, egging both Alan
and I on for more.  

Shifted around a bit we lay there together.  Alan lay at the head
of the bed with Sara laying across the foot, and I lay with my
head in Sara's lap.  My feet on the pillow hear the headboard
and Sara gently stroking my hair in the afterglow of our session
together.

"Were Alan and I too rough with you?" I asked, looking up into
her eyes.  "No you weren't", she answered as I saw her flush and
her eyes widen in anticipation.  Alan had told me what Sara's likes
and dislikes were and I was about to take severe advantage of one 
of them.  "Good.  Then Sara, think of a word.  One you wouldn't
say normally and tell me what it is.  It will be your escape
word and I will honor it." I said as she stared into my eyes
intently.  She nodded and said the word I wasn't to hear for
the rest of the evening.  Now some of the roughness and power
I had only hinted at during the night started to come into play.

"Do you trust me Sara?"

"I, I do...", she said.


              Part Two


While resting after the first two hours Alan and I had spent
with Sara I decided to see what her limits were.  Though we
had made love a few times before, Alan wanted to see how
Sara reacted to power games.  She had always likes a little
hard scratching, spanking, and rough sex but, he wanted to 
find what her limits were.  Knowing that Charlotte and I 
practice Dominant/Submissive games he enlisted my help in
helping Sara through an experience she would not soon forget.

Sara said she trusted me and, after having her choose an escape
word and telling her she would be *mine* to do with as *I*
wished, said she was ready.

My demeanor changed as I took the wineglass from her hand and
slowly looked over the body that was to be mine for the next
few hours. My grasp became strong and sure as I stroked her hair,
weaving it through my fingers and tightening it until her
eyes closed in pleasure.  Sara responded as a willing object
of my desire, not some make believe, naughty slave begging
to do wrong and be punished.  

Alan was looking around for some sort of blindfold for her as
I came up with a pillowcase and, after folding it and placing
it over the eyes of the motionless Sara, we stepped away to 
appreciate the view it offered.  "Don't even move.  Not a bit",
I hissed through my teeth as I held her head by her full hair.
Sara sat on the edge of the bed, knees together, hands in her 
lap, head erect and breasts jutting out full and firm.  I ran
my hand around one for a last gentle touch before Alan and I
stepped away to leave her wondering just what she had agreed to.

Alan and I stood there at the other end of the hotel room quietly
watching Sara sit there, head cocked slightly, listening intently
trying to find where we were.  

"I know we've been rough with her Alan, and she enjoys it but,
let me have her and we will see how far she can go tonight.  I
wont hurt her, and she won't forget it I promise you."

Alan whispered back that she was mine and he would follow my lead
as he asked that we at least have her experience a particular
interest of his.  I agreed and quietly moved toward her, sitting 
silent on the bed, breasts rising and falling with the steady
rhythm of her breathing.

Lightly my right hand barely touched her hair as she sensed I
had returned.  Suddenly, in one smooth motion I brought her head
down to my hard cock, muffeling the gasp that escaped her as my
hand tightened on her hair, filling her mouth completely.  Slowly
I let her up for air and another gasp of surprise and pleasure
was muffled again as I brought her mouth back down to serve me
again.  My other hand kneaded and scratched at her breasts again
as Sara began to squirm on the bed, surely wetting the sheet where
she sat in her excitement.  Sara started to respond by starting to 
swallow me deeper and deeper as I continued to fuck her mouth as
I had her cunt earlier.  She would swallow me completely, her hands
pulling me closer with every thrust into her warm throat.
Sara was trying to make me come again, and I would gladly have 
obliged, but I had other plans. 

Pulling her mouth off my cock I literally threw her onto the bed 
by her hair.  She lay there, breathing heavely, hands running up
and down her body, an expression of dissappointment and frustration
on her beautiful face.

I reached down and grasped her ankles and, lifting them high,
rolled her over onto her side facing the side of the bed.  Her
head was at the foot of the bed, her body twisted at the waist, 
her round firm ass jutting into the air where I wanted it.  

Alan wasted no time in going to the foot of the bed and sliding
his own cock into Sara's willing mouth while I spread her legs
and positioned the head of my hard cock against her cunt.
I slowly slid my cock back and forth along her cunt, sliding
along her clit to get her warmed up.  Her legs started opening up,
inviting me in as her ass pushed higher in the air.

Alan was enjoying Sara's attentions on his hard cock as, in 
response to a gesture from him,  my hand fell across her round
buttocks.  Sara squealed through her nose as my hand fell again
and again in response to Alan's encouragement and Sara's reaction
to the warmth building in her ass and I slid my cock into her
cunt in one smooth motion.  Scratching her back, from nape of neck
to her rosy ass, I slid my cock deeper and deeper into her.  
Grasping her ass cheeks and digging my nails I drove my cock in
and out of her willing cunt, every stroke bringing moans from her
writhing body.  

I continued to slide in and out of Sara with smooth long strokes,
pulling her onto my cock by her hips and driving her to orgasm.
She came again as I started to pound her into the mattress and 
she tried to get Alan to come with her wonderful sucking.  I could
hear the mixture of her purring and slurping as she swallowed
all she could get from Alan.  But Alan wasn't ready yet and, to 
Sara's obvious dissappointment, pulled away as I continued to 
bring her to another orgasm.  Sara shuddered and clawed at
the covers as Alan slowly slipped a lubed finger into her ass
as I continued to take her.  

As Alan finished driving Sara wild with his fingers I pulled out
of her cunt and slid the head along her perenium, spread her
ass farther apart, and brought the head of my cock against her
spasming ass as Alan with drew his fingers.  Sara froze as
the head of my cock barely brushed against her ass.  Slowly, and
very carefully, I *pulled* Sara back against my cock.  I heard her
suck a breath through her clenched teeth as her ass gave way to
the pressure and I slid in past the first ring of muscle.

Letting Sara gather what wits she had left I kneaded her ass
and waited to see is she was ready for more.  She started to relax
more as I began to feel her push back against me and I started
to slide past the inner ring of muscle.  Sara let out an animal 
moan as my cock slowly drove deeper into her tight ass, her cheeks
coming to rest against my legs and my balls nestled against her
cunt.  

I started to slowly drive in and out of her ass as her moans 
grew louder and my own orgasm began to build deep inside me.
God, but she was wonderful!  As our tempo increased and I started 
to drive faster and deeper into her young ass.  Soon I was pulling
completely out and driving myself back into her, my hands pulling
her onto my cock as the pressure to come became unbearable.

Sara started moaning loudly to match my own growls and started to 
shake and claw at the bed again as I slammed my cock into her ass.
Pulling her tightly against me, driving myself deep inside her,
I drove Sara to orgasm as my cock throbbed and emptied my heat 
into her.  

Slowly my head cleared and, looking down on her blindfolded face,
glistening with sweat and plastered with her hair,  slid my cock
out of her and rose.  She lay there, unable to move at all as
Alan positioned himself in my place and entered her cunt as I
staggered into the bath.  I could hear Sara's moans start again
as I ran some warm water and washed myself.  Returning to
the room, I found Sara on her back with Alan moving over her,
his eyes closed and moving his hips smoothly back and forth,
sliding his cock in and out of her again.

Sara was obvoiusly enjoying herself as Alan continued to fuck her
with the steady smooth strokes that he practiced so well.  I moved
toward her head again and wove my fingers through her head of sandy
colored hair.  Drawing her hair tightly I lightly drew my cock across
her mouth, letting her know what I wanted again.  Sara's mouth opened
as I slid my slightly hard cock deep as it would fit into her young
mouth.  Her lips felt wonderful as Alan continued to fuck her and
my legs started to feel weak from standing over her.  Alan's fucking 
was having an effect on his wife as she became more exited.  Her 
moans were only muffled as she alternated between sucking my cock
greedely and nuzzling and licking my balls.

Sara continued to suck my cock as Alan's steady strokes into her
cunt drove her to another orgasm.  I withdrew my cock from her mouth
again and, kneeling at the foot of the bed, I grasped her wrists
tightly.  Pulling her arms over her head and causing her breasts
to jutt out I held her down on the bed as Alan fucked her harder 
and harder.  Her breasts swayed with the rhythm of Alan's hard 
strokes into her body as Sara was driven again closer and closer
to another orgasm.  

Her body started to shudder as my hands tightened on her wrists
and Alan lowered his mouth to her breasts to bite on her nipples.
I heard Alan's breath quicken as his teeth clamped down on Sara's
nipple and she joined him in coming with her usual strong shudders
and throaty moans.  As their shaking subsided I released her wrists,
noting the marks my grasp left there, and slowly removed her 
makeshift blindfold. 

I helped her sit up as Alan rose from her sweat covered body and
poured us all a glass of fresh wine.  We sat together for a while
and, noticing the time, decided to turn in for the night.  We had
been going since nine o-clock and it was not almost two in the 
morning.  We laid back on the bed together, Sara between Alan and
I.  I felt tired but still desired Sara as I started to fall off
to sleep.  Sara had come quite a few times tonight and I figured
she could use a rest so I relaxed, laid back and prepared to get
some rest.

Rolling her body towards me, and pressing herself along the length
of my body, Sara started kissisng me tenderly.  I lay there as
she continued to coax me back awake with her gentle hands and
soft kisses upon my face and neck.  My cock started to grow again
as her hands roamed over my back, scratching lightly with her nails.

I felt Alan get out of bed as Sara opened her legs slightly and let
my cock slip between them to rub against the lips of her cunt.  
Soon I was a hard as ever and starting to enter her again.  Her
soft lips parted to allow me inside as I felt the bed rock as
Alan returned.  I knew what he had in mind as I felt his hands
lightly brushing my cock and balls as I started bury myself deep
in his wife.  Our bodies were pressed together from lips to toes 
as I slowly started a gentle motion inside Sara's body.  We kissed
continously, our arms wrapped around each others bodies as we
met at each stroke of my cock into her cunt.  

I felt Alan lay behind his wife and his hands spread her ass cheeks
apart.  Sara and I stopped out rhythm for a moment as her ass was
slowly filled by her husbands cock.  I felt her slowly move down,
burying my own cock deeper inside her, as Alan filled her ass.

We all lay quietly together, our arms intertwined as Sara became
used to this new sensation.  I felt her body slowly relax as 
she lay in my arms as Alan slowly started to slide his cock 
back and forth, rubbing against mine, buried motionless in her
cunt.  Firmly, I reached up and grasped her shoulders and pulled
Sara down onto our cocks as I started to match Alan's rhythm.

Soon we were moving in perfect harmony.  My cock would slide into
Sara just as Alan would fill her from the rear again.  Our bodies
all clung together, our sweat beading in the warm room.  Sara 
moaning softly as Alan and I continued to pull her down, filling
her as she never had experienced.  I felt her cunt become even 
tighter as her orgasm neared and my own cock was grasped and
pulled as she started to come.  I buried myself deeper into her,
letting Alan do all the work.  I could feel his cock rub mine,
through Sara's body, from root to head.  Alan's breathing grew
stronger as Sara started to come and my own cock emptied itself 
into her body for the third time that night.  

I held Sara tightly as Alan contined to bury his cock into her
and she came, shaking voilently, my cock still deep in her cunt.
We lay toghther a while, holding each other tight as our breathing
slowed and the room became cool from the sweat on out bodies.

Our bodies finally seperated as Alan withdrew from his wife first.
I wanted to stay inside her longer.  I had enjoyed her so much
this night and didn't want it to end.  Remembering that Alan did
not come yet and with him now caressing Sara, I slowly slid out,
pulling my still hard cock across her clit and smiling at seeing
her jerk in reaction.

I rose to get a sip of wine and, upon returning from the bathroom,
found Alan fucking her again.  I laid upon the bed and sipped wine
as he slowly drove her to another orgasm and had his third that night.
As they seperated Sara kissed us both goodnight and we lay down
beside each other.  Slowly I drifted off to sleep, knowing the
scant two hours sleep I was to get before my class the next day 
was well worth the time I had just spent with my friends.  

--
