Invitation to Surrender (M/f, bondage, cons?)

The room feels both warm and dark. If you could see the tall 
golden mirror in front of you, you would see me standing 
behind you wrapping a white silk band tightly around your 
crossed wrists. You wonder if you were wise to accept such a
daring invitation. All you feel is the soft warm cloth 
tightening over your bare wrists, my fingers brushing your 
skin as the silk is knotted. Another white silk band covers 
your eyes, tied neatly under your flowing hair. The darkness
heightens the suspense of what is about to come. You shudder 
as you feel the silk band knotted against your wrists. You 
know from this moment I can do anything I want with you. 
You feel as though you have abandoned all control. Your skin
quivers everywhere as my fingers cup the underside of your 
bottom, squeezing gently the silk of your underwear through 
the soft velvet, as I walk in front of you. Your skin tingles
even though my fingers have slid away. You hear the sound of 
my voice.

'You have offered yourself to me for a whole day. I find that
rather wantonly daring of you? You know that I will want you 
to submit to my every desire.'

'Yes', you hear yourself softly reply, 'I surrender myself 
completely'. You feel the surge of excitement as you offer
yourself. 'I trust you'.

'To take you and to use you exactly as I please'.   

You sigh deeply, 'Please'.

You feel my hands pull your blouse open, the already tight 
buttons bursting open easily. I thrust my hand inside 
grasping your left breast, your nipple hardens just as my 
thumb and forefinger begin to squeeze. You gasp at the 
intensity of the sensation.

'You know I will want to make love with you everywhere, 
until you beg me to stop. Absolutely everywhere'. 
I lean forward a passionately kiss the bare flesh above 
your breast, my hand teasing behind you. You long for my 
tongue to brush your nipple.

'I may want to ravish your soft skin with a leather thong, 
tie you tightly to my bed or dress your body with exotic 
jewellery. If you want me to stop, this the last time you can
ask - are you mine to take as I please?'  You nod your head 
slowly, the yes unable to come out of your parted lips. You 
wonder at the possibilities and the risks, just the thought 
makes you feel even more turned on than ever before. You moan
softly as my fingers continue to squeeze your nipple, rolling
it between my fingertips.

'From now you cannot say no to anything I want you do. Do
you understand?' You almost come as you reply 'Yes. I am 
yours; for anything that pleases you'. You feel the surge
of warmth between your thighs.

'I will ravish you until you beg me to stop'. You feel my
fingers slide away from the warmth of your breast and the 
firmness of your nipple. 'You may not come without
permission. I will make you ache with desire and lust'. The
thought makes you gasp, knowing how close you are already.
'I want to feel you'. You gasp as my hand seeks out the 
split in your long wrapped silk skirt, immediately finding 
the bare flesh at top of your stocking covered legs. You 
quiver as my fingers push higher seeking the already excited
lips of your sex. You feel my fingertip trace between your
lips, rubbing the soft silk against you. You feel my 
silk covered finger just push slightly inside you. You know
I can feel the heat and wetness of your sex through the silk.
You feel the material clinging to you, just between your lips,
from top to bottom as two fingers touch you; one pushing the
silk into your open sex, the other toying with the hardening
bud at the top of your lips. Your breathing quickens and you 
move your hips in rhythmic circles. I can feel how excited 
you are. 


You feel my hand move slightly leaving only my thumb stroking 
between your open lips; warm fingers push the silk of your 
knickers between the cheeks of bottom; a silk covered finger 
again rubbing in small circles against your most private of 
places. You can feel a fingertip just inside you, teasing 
soft moans from your lips. 

You feel a fingertip brush your nose and lightly trace your
lips. You chase it with you tongue. I brush the tip of your
tongue with my fingernail teasingly. ' I am planning to take
you everywhere my fingers are touching you', as I squeeze 
the silk covered fingers firmly between you legs. As you open
you mouth to reply, my finger closes your lips, leaving a 
soft murmur as your only response. 

You feel my hand slide from between your thighs leaving the 
dampened silk clinging tightly to your responsive body.

You turn your cheek as you feel soft silk rub against it. It 
wraps over your parted lips and other cheek,  a wide band 
from under your nose to your chin, tied with a bow under your
hair behind you. You feel unable to speak as my fingers trace
your lips through the soft silk. You can feel the silk dampen
from your parted lips, as your tongue glimpses against it. 
Suddenly I kiss you passionately over the silk, my hot lips 
wrapped tightly over yours, my tongue pushing the damp silk 
against your tongue, between your open mouth.

My hands push your linen blouse from your shoulders and the 
silk camisole from your breasts. You feel a wide silk band 
pulled tightly over your bare breasts, my hands fastening it 
behind you. You gasp I pull it tighter, lacing it behind you. 
You feel your breasts flatten, your nipples firm against the
thin silk, your bare arms pulled against your back. You flex
your arms and moan ecstatically  as the silk moves tightly 
over your breasts. You feel the heat of your breath against 
the silk in front of your mouth, the even damper silk of your 
knickers still between your parted lips. Your breathing becomes
shorter as my fingers squeeze your nipples through the silk, 
playing with all your breasts. You have almost abandoned 
yourself as I squeeze the clips of a pearl earring over the 
silk covered nipple. It feels soft and cool, but firm and 
unyielding, a sensation that won't go away. You feel my lips
touch your other nipple, my tongue pushing the warm silk hard
over breasts. You begin to explode at the first touch 
of my tongue, crying out into your silk covered mouth.

You are still quivering in pleasure as I tell you to kneel 
with my hands on your bare shoulders. You almost immediately
feel the hardness of my sex pushing between your silk covered
lips. Your tongue gently kisses the silk covered head, 
squeezing softly with your lips.

You feel the warmth of my male sex urgently touching your lips.
You part your lips reaching out with your tongue. You try to 
wrap your soft lips around the male hardness slowly moving 
your head back and forth gently teasing me. My firm hands 
hold your head, as the movements become deeper and faster.
You are amazingly turned on. The movements slow letting you 
flick your tongue against the silk. Suddenly it stops and you
are left licking your lips wantonly.

You feel your skirt lifted to one side and pulled up over 
your bottom. Hands pull your silk knickers tightly to one side.
Mt fingers feel the wetness between your legs, softly parting your
lips. Your mind tells you that you cannot say no, you have 
foresaken all control, but your body says yes. 'Please ... please', 
you sigh into the silk, as my finger pushes inside you,
feeling your heat, sliding inside the dampness, deeper and deeper
inside, searching your depths, wanting more, wanting everything
of you. You sigh and moan softly into the cool silk.
You almost begin to come as I thrust inside you a second time 
pushing your hips back wantonly. You tingle everywhere, quivering
against my hand between your legs, waiting to be taken again, 
wantonly savouring your pleasure of knowing I can do whatever
I want with you. 

My fingers slide between your open sex opening you like the petals
of a rose. You shake in anticipation. You feel my fingers brush
the soft tip of your clitoris making you sigh again. Your knees 
weaken and breathing quickens as my fingertip slowly circles your 
most sensitive spot. 'Please. Please take me now' you plead softly,
'I need you'. My fingers continue to keep you on the verge of coming.

'You have only just begun. You must wait' 

You feel my hand slide away from you and reach up to
release the silk covering your lips. You turn your head to 
speak but immediately your open lips are filled again. You 
passionately pleasure me with your tongue. My hardness
excites you more than you can imagine. You squeeze your thighs 
tightly sending shudders through your body while you kiss me.

You feel my fingers tease your breasts, squeezing your tingling
silk bound nipples, playing with the pearl earring which so 
exquisitely hangs from your left nipple. The sensation in 
your breasts wants you to come even more. Every movement sends
surges of passion bewteen your legs. You feel my hand grasp
your hair as the urgency increases. You move your tongue 
quicker and harder, hearing me sigh deeply. Your glossed lips
feel wet to the touch. I want to cry out and explode inside 
you but wait. Your tongue wantonly savours the taste, continuing
to tease and excite me.

As I slide from you, you bow your head and whisper 'I am 
completely yours. Take me as you wish. You can do anything you
want with me'

I carress your neck with my fingertips. 'I think you are rather
over-dressed for what I want next'. You feel your skirt slip 
from your waist resting around your feet. You feel the silk 
slide away from your wrists as I take away your blouse. You 
expect it to be replaced and wait still quivering with your
wrists behind you.

'Take off your panties next'. You fingers slide the soft silk
down over your stocking thighs, revealing your dark curls 
hiding the arousal of your sex. You feel my hand take yours,
entwining my fingers with yours and sliding it bewteen your
legs. Your fingertips touch your sex as mine teases just inside
you. You feel the hardness of my erection against the soft cheek 
of your bottom as I pull you back towards me. Your fingers move
by themselves as you squirm your hips against me. I can feel 
the energy growing inside you again as you begin to cry out in
ecstacy. 'Stop', I command you reaching in front of you and 
lifting your hand away. 'No, I beg you. Anything', you stutter
wanting more.

'Feel how turned on your breasts are', I order as you immediately
cup both in your hands feeling the warmth of the silk over them. 
Your fingers immediately find your aroused nipples, they feel
harder then they have ever been. The earring still squeezes softly
- the sensations are explosive as it touches your hand. You lick
your lips, your mouth wide open with desire, your head thrown back 
to push your breasts forward. You feel my fingertips squeeze your
nipple as you offer me your breasts. 'More. Harder', you demand as
I roll my thumb firmly against you. You breathe quicker as your
desire grows, feeling you could come just with me touching your
breasts. Just as you reach the edge, I stop. I reach behind you
a loosen the silk covering your breasts, the earring drops to
the floor.

I take your hands and kiss them gently before a cross them behind
your back. I take the white silk band and bind one wrist,
this time tighter. I take another silk band and repeat the 
process with your other wrist. You feel me lift your and tie it 
to your other elbow. Your back arches as I tie the other wrist
just above the other elbow. You feel your breasts thrust forward.
You smell a deep woody aroma as I begin to rub warm oil onto 
your taught breasts. You recognise the sandalwood and savour my
hands firmly rubbing the oil over you. You feel lost in erotic 
waves unable to control your desires.

You savour the sensuous aroma and warmth as you
feel the oil spread slowly down to your stomach as my hands
work slowly down. My fingertips wrap around your hips, before 
sliding across the tops of your thighs and over your pubes. You
part your legs wider offering your open sex to my touch. My
fingers carress the edges of your sex, opening you further. You
throw your head from side to side, lost in desire. You feel my 
oiled fingers touch you inside, the oil mixing with your
wetness. You murmur to each touch and sigh to each caress. 
'Please take me. I can't bear it. Please' you beg. You feel my 
fingers stop and reach up lifting your chin. You taste yourself
as I put my fingers to your lips. 'Only when I allow you to. 
Today you are mine to use as I wish. I shall make you beg to be
ravished'. You quiver, waiting for my touch, still lost in
the darkness of the silk covering your eyes. My hand squeezes 
your firm bottom, 'Maybe I should whip you with silk thongs
until you come for me. You are totally wanton'; the thought
just makes you want to explode inside, 'Please anything. I am
yours. Use me', you plead. 

I walk across the room leaving you desperate to be touched. You
look so desirable waiting, unable to resist. I return with an
elegant gold chain, wrapping the chain around your waist and 
fastening it behind you. You can feel the warmth of my breath
against your skin and my fingers teasing in the small of your 
back. A short length of chain hangs down in front of you,
just touching your sex. It feels so cold compared to the
heat of your flesh.

You feel me standing behind you reaching down to kiss your 
naked shoulders. You feel a firm hand hold your shoulder, as
suddenly I thrust my other between your legs from behind. 
You sigh deeply and part your legs as I find your sex with 
my fingers. You feel hot and passionate to my touch. You 
revel in the attention, wantonly rolling your hips. You feel
my fingers slowly pull the gold chain between your damp lips,
rubbing against you inside. You feel it pulled up between 
your bottom cheeks, touching you very privately and completely.
You feel the chain tighten and click as I fasten it to the 
belt behind you. You gasp as I pull the chain gently, easing
it deeper between your sex. You feel like you are about to 
come. You squeeze your thighs together, bending your knees 
in pleasure. 'You must wait for your pleasure, my darling', 
I tease.

I take you by the hand and lead you across the room to a 
leather couch with large curved arms. You feel the chain 
between your lips, rubbing erotically as you walk. You almost
purr with the sensation. The sensation makes you feel hotter
and even more open than ever before, as the chain remains 
pressed against you. Your naked breasts brush against my arm.
Your nipples feel so hard and sensitive to touch. You arch 
your back and roll your shoulders to accentuate the feeling
rubbing your nipples against me. Your longing to climax is
almost unbearable. 

'Kneel on the couch', I order helping you find the way with
one hand. As you kneel, my hand pushes your neck down until
your cheek touches the cold leather; the softness of your 
breasts brushes against the leather seat, your back arched
and bottom thrust availably upwards. I admire the lips of 
your sex and dark curls, the gold chain deep within them. 
You shudder in anticipation as I run a single silk thong 
over your tingling flesh, then teasingly between the cheeks
of your bottom. 'Please, now, punish me'. 'I think you
should wait a little. Maybe I should pull this chain to
oneside and take you? You look so available', I reply.

Until next time.... 
