                               Table of Contents










        1. MY STORY BY SUSAN ......................................... 1
        2. DREAM 1 ................................................... 6
        3. DREAM 2 .................................................. 10
        4. DREAM 3 .................................................. 15
        5. DREAM 4 .................................................. 22








































                                       ii                                    





                               MY STORY BY SUSAN










        Hi my name is Susan and I'm 13 years old.  My hips are  starting
        to  enlarge  and my breasts are forming.  My measurements are 32
        24 33 and I stand 5 feet 4 inches tall.  The other day I lost my
        virginity.
             I  was  on  my  way home.  I normally walked the mile and a
        half.  As I was passing the woods four boys  over  took  me  and
        started talking to me about school.  When we came to a path that
        entered the woods they picked me up and ran into the woods!   We
        went about 100 yards into the woods before they put me down.  By
        this time I was terrified.  I didn't know what was happening!
             They circled me and told me to take off  my  clothes!!    I
        undressed  as  fast  as  I  could!  Maybe they wouldn't hurt me.
        They told me to lay down on my clothes!  After I  lay  down  two
        started  fondling  my  breast while the other two got undressed.
        When they were undressed they took  over  my  breast  while  the
        others  got  undressed.  I was amazing not one cock was the same
        as another!! After  they  were  undressed  they  started  finger
        fucking me!
             They  handled  me for about five minutes before fucking me!
        My first cock was the largest.  I hurt a lot  as  he  busted  my
        hymen.
             "AAAAOOOOOOOUUUUUUUU that hurts!" I yelled.
             "Don't worry it will start feeling good before too long."
             He  fucked  me  for about a minute before shooting his load
        into me!!  Then another one got on me.  His cock was smaller  so
        it  didn't  hurt  as much.  Also with the sperm in me it went in
        and out easily!  He fucked about two minutes  before  shooting!!
        The  next  cock was the smallest of all.  I could hardly feel it
        at all!!  In no time he shot his load.  Then the last cock.   It
        was  huge.    When  it got into me I knew why he had waited!  It
        filled me full and stretched my hole a lot!!
             With that huge cock in my I started to get  hot!    He  was
        done in five minutes.  I got hot but didn't come!!
             They  told  me that if I told they would cut off my breasts
        and make a boy out of me.  They got dressed and  left  before  I
        got  off  the  ground!    I stood up and stretched.  As my hands
        reached over my head a pair of hands  grabbed  my  teats!!    He
        picked  me  up  and a man came around me and picked up my feet!!
        Then he put his tongue in my sopping pussy!!  He seemed to  like
        the taste of all that sperm!!
             They  put  me  back  on my clothes and got undressed.  This
        time there were seven men around me!!  The first  one  undressed
        put  his  cock  in  me and fucked me real fast!!  He didn't stop
        after a minute he went on and on and on till I came!!!
             He  shot  while  I  was  climaxing  and  it  just  made  it
        stronger!!  Another cock got in me before I could come down from
        my climax!!  This caused another climax!!  I was liking this!!
             After my eighth organism a cock was shoved in my mouth!!
             "Suck it and you will get a treat."
             So I sucked on it and he shot his sperm in my  mouth!!    I
        had to swallow as more was coming!!  It tasted good with a taste
        of salt!!  This brought on more organisms!!!  With a cock in  my
        pussy  making  me  feel  real  good and a cock in my mouth to do
        things to me I started having continuous organisms!!    This  is
        heaven I thought!!
             All  of  the  men  fucked  me for at least 10 to 15 minutes
        each.  I had organisms for over an hour!!  After  they  finished
        we sat on the ground and they told me to get a douche when I got
        home.  They told me to talk with mom but not to tell  what  they
        looked  like.    They  also  told me to say I had been fucked by
        three boys not seven men.  While we talked I played  with  their
        cocks.  They felt so soft now!!
             When  I  got  home mom wasn't there so I douched myself and
        got the sperm out.  At least I hoped I had gotten it out.    Mom
        came  home  an hour later.  I spent the time remembering all the
        organisms I could remember!
             I told mom what they told me to tell only it was  boys  and
        each had come three times and had lasted an hour!
             "Does it hurt?" she ask.
             "No it doesn't it feels fine."
             "After all that fucking I would hurt for a week!"
             "If  it happened to you like it happened to me you wouldn't
        hurt!"
             "Tomorrow we'll get you to a doctor.  Not a lot they can do
        but it is worth checking."
             "You going to get me out of school or take me in late?"
             "I'll take you in late so you can see the doctor first."
             When  the  doctor  saw me he looked in my pussy to see if I
        had been ripped.  He gave me a pap smear and told mom  to  check
        back  in  a week.  He said he could find no damage so I would be
        alright if I wasn't pregnant.
             I got to school about three hours late.  That  evening  mom
        picked  me up from school.  The next day I walked again.  When I
        got to the path I heard a whistle.  I went to see if my men were
        back!!  I wanted more!!
             "Do you all live around here?"
             "No we are just passing through."
             "Would you like to fuck some more?"
             "Sure would that's why we whistled."
             "Would you like to do it at my house?"
             "That would be nice but what about your dad?"
             "Mom  has been divorced for five years.  It is just her and
        I."
             "What would your mom say?"
             "If you all came about 5 o'clock mom would be home.  If you
        bust  in  and rape us I can talk mom out of saying anything.  If
        you ring the buzzer I will answer the door.  After everybody  is
        in pick me up and curry me in so mom thinks I was over powered."
             "You want us to fuck you and your mom?"
             "Yes  I  think  she needs it.  She hasn't had any for three
        years that I know of."
             "Would you like more of us to come?"
             "That would be alright.  How many?"
             "How many would you like?"
             "If mom could have seven and I could have seven that  would
        be enough I think."
             "Okay  no  fucking  now.  We will be at your house about 5:
        30.  Do we spend the night?"
             "I guess so.  That way you can fuck us in the morning too."
             I told them how to get to my house.  At home I got a bubble
        bath  and put on my sexiest underwear.  I curled my hair and put
        on make up.  Then put my school clothes back on.
             Mom got home at 5 and we had dinner.  After dinner she went
        to  get a bath.  She was in the bath tub when the men got there.
        I let them in and told them where mom was.
             Two went to get her while the rest  went  into  the  living
        room.  They carried mom into the living room.
             "What are you doing?" Mom ask.
             "What  does  it look like.  We need a place to stay.  We've
        watched this place for two days and think it is the  best.    If
        you give any trouble we will beat you to a pulp."
             As  he said this he winked at me.  Mom didn't see anything.
        They started feeling mom.  She looked like she didn't know  what
        would happen.  The men got undressed.  With them undressed I was
        the only one dressed so they had me do a strip  show  for  them.
        Before I was done they all had hard cocks when I finished!
             Seven  took  mom to her bed room and seven took me to mine!
        We had a ball and a half that night!  First they kissed  me  all
        over  to  get me hot!!  Then with one in the mouth and one in my
        pussy I was back in heaven!!  I organism for two hours!!    With
        them  at  home  there  was  no  hurry  to  be  done.    This was
        beautiful!!
             Then my seven went to mom's room  and  her  seven  came  to
        mine!
             "How is mom doing?" I ask
             "It  took a while but now she is coming good.  Have you had
        one in the ass yet?"
             "No I haven't!!  Wait till I'm in my organism  before  put-
        ting one in there I don't like pain!!!"
             "Sounds like you will like that way!!"
             "I might like the cock but not pain!"
             These  seven  had  fucked  so much with mom so that with me
        they didn't shoot for a long time!!   After  my  third  organism
        with  these  men  one entered my ass!!  It hurt a little but was
        soon feeling good too!!  Taking three cocks at  at  time  seemed
        the  best  of  all!!   My organisms were 100 times stronger with
        three cocks!!!!
             After we finished we went back to the living room.   Before
        too  long  mom  and her seven came in.  She looked radiant.  But
        when she saw me she looked hurt.
             "Sorry you have to go through this Susan.  I wouldn't  have
        this happen to you for the world."
             "Did you like it mom?"
             "Yes I did.  I didn't remember it being so good."
             "I liked it too mom.  Can we do it some more?"
             "You want to do more?"
             "Yes don't you?"
             "I  would like more but what will happen to you if you like
        it so much?"
             "I don't know.  All I do know is that it is wonderful and I
        love it!!"
             "Well  if  you  feel that way I guess you will have to be a
        whore!  It's the only way to get enough cock!"
             "Can we ask these men to stay?  If they are  here  to  come
        home to maybe I can finish school."
             "We  can  ask.  Also we need to get birth control pills for
        both of us.  We can get them tomorrow."
             The men had been listening as we talked.
             "Does that mean you want us to stay??"
             "Yes my daughter and I would like to invite all of  you  to
        live  with us.  If any don't want to stay that is understandable
        but replacements would be needed.  Also it would be nice  if  we
        could have ten each.  Maybe later even more!"
             "We'll talk about it and let you know in the morning."
             "Oh  mom  I'm  so  glad!!  Maybe I better tell you a story.
        The other day when I said three boys fucked me it  wasn't  three
        boys  it  was  seven of these men!!  Today as I passed the woods
        they whistled to me and we got together and planned tonight!!  I
        hope you don't mind?"
             "Mind not at all it is the best idea you have ever had!!"
             After  that  we all piled on the floor and had a ball.  The
        next morning we all fucked for an hour before mom and I went  to
        get  birth control pills.  Then I went to school.  Mom picked me
        up after school so I could get home sooner.  She knew how much I
        liked fucking.  She liked it almost as much!!
             The  men  were  waiting with hard cocks for us!!  Mom and I
        got hot quick!!  Both of us had been dreaming of  this  all  day
        and we were ready!!  We didn't notice that more cocks were there
        until we felt cocks we didn't feel before.  Then we  found  that
        we  each  had  ten men to fuck us!!  Mom and I went wild when we
        noticed this!!!  We fucked till midnight before going to bed.  I
        went  to sleep with a cock in my pussy and one in my ass!!  That
        is the way to go to sleep!!  When we awoke I felt both cocks get
        hard in me!!!  I got hot feeling their enlargement!!!  When they
        were hard they started fucking!!
             When they came more cocks took their place!!   This  was  a
        beautiful  way  to wake up!!  After fucking for an hour mom took
        me to school.  It was boring in school but I had to wait till it
        was over.  Mom didn't pick me up that day and walking home those
        four boys got me again!!  This time I told them not to shoot  as
        fast  as  I  wanted to enjoy it too!!  This time they did better
        and I came several times!!
             When they finished I invited them home and told them to  be
        ready for more fucking.  I knew mom would like them.
             When  mom  got  home and found she would have 12 that night
        she went right to the bed room!!!  She didn't even stop to eat!!
        She got the four boys first and I got all men!!



                                    DREAM 1










             In  this  dream  I'm  19  years old and just got married on
        Sunday.  I was a virgin when I got married.  When we got to  bed
        my  husband didn't warm me up any he just shoved it in.  It hurt
        a lot till the blood coated my walls then the hurt dimmed.    He
        fucked  me  for about three minutes before coming.  My cunt hurt
        the entire time.  Maybe next time it will be better.  I though.
             The next day after work we fucked again.  It was  the  same
        thing all over again except I no longer had a hymen to bust.  He
        didn't do anything to me at all.  He just put himself right in.
             We have been married four days and all four have  been  the
        same.    Today  was  a little different he wanted a blow job.  I
        told him if he wanted a blow job I wanted  my  pussy  ate.    He
        didn't want to do that so he grabbed me and threw me on the bed.
        His knees were on my shoulders and his cock at my mouth.
             "You suck it bitch.  Your my wife and I will not  take  any
        bull shit out of you."
             "In  the entire time we have been married you have not even
        made me come.  Now you want a blow job but don't want to eat me.
        What  kind  of  marriage  in  this?  I'm not your slave I'm your
        wife."
             "You will do as I say or I will beat you till you do what I
        want."
             With that treat hanging over my head I gave him a blow job.
        It tasted a little salty and was a thick liquid.   Now  when  he
        comes home all he wants is a blow job.  He still shoots in three
        minutes.
             Today while doing the laundry I met my next door  neighbor.
        While waiting for the laundry to be done we got to talking.
             "How is married life treating you?"
             "Not  too  good.    My husband hasn't caused me to organism
        yet!"
             "What kind of man do you have that won't take care of you?"
             "He is a big football player and thinks his satisfaction is
        all that matters."
             "Do you have a dildo?"
             "No I don't even know where to find one."
             "When  we get home come over and I'll give you one.  Also a
        book to help get in the mood."
             "Okay I will.  Serves him right if my first organism  comes
        from a dildo."
             I  put up my clothes up before going over.  She ask how big
        he was as she didn't want to give me one too big.  We went  into
        her bed room and she showed me a whole drawer full!
             "How come you have so many?"
             "Some  times  a  bunch of us girls get together and have an
        all girl party."
             "Well if I ever get to having organisms  I  would  like  an
        invitation."
             I  picked one his size.  It was a battery powered one so it
        could vibrate for hours!  She had many larger  and  only  a  few
        smaller!
             "Is that the size of your man?"
             "Yes it is."
             "He is purity small isn't he?"
             "I  don't  know I was a virgin when we got married.  I have
        no experience to say if he is large or small.  All I know is  he
        hurts and is done in three minutes or less."
             "Don't  put the dildo in before you are wet or it will hurt
        also.  Read the book and when you start getting wet put it in."
             I went home and as he wasn't expected home for three  hours
        I  started reading the book.  It was about a young girl that was
        raped by fifteen men and told how she enjoyed  it  so  much  she
        invited  them home to do her mother!!  By the time I got to that
        part I was wet enough for the dildo.
             I eased it in so it wouldn't hurt like he had.    After  it
        was all the way in I turned it on!!  I could feel the vibrations
        from my head to my toes!!  I went back to reading the  book  and
        found  that  the mom liked it as well as the daughter had so the
        men stayed at their home.  Under that  situation  both  mom  and
        daughter had sexual intercourse for five hours a day!!!!
             At  this  point  I had my first organism!!!  It wasn't just
        one organism it was twelve one after the other!!!   Now  I  knew
        why the mom and daughter had invited them home!!!  If my husband
        wouldn't do me good I would find others to give me organisms!!
             I didn't come down from  my  high  till  about  30  minutes
        before he got home.  I hid the dildo and book so he wouldn't see
        them.
             "How was your day at work?"
             "It was alright but could have been better."
             "That sounds like our sex life.  It's alright but could  be
        better!"
             "What are you talking about?"
             "Ever  since  the wedding you have been coming while I have
        not.  All because you can't stay hard long enough!"
             "Look the man is to be satisfied by the woman not the woman
        by the man."
             "Even  if that were so you could stay long enough to let me
        come.  If you can't do that I will find someone who can!"
             "If I can't satisfy you you'll find someone who can?"
             "Yes I will."
             "Do you want me to bring the team home just so you can have
        an organism?"
             "If  you  can't do any better than you have been bring them
        home!  If you do bring them home you have to watch to see how to
        improve!    I  want you not the team but if it takes the team to
        get me off then bring them home!"
             He did a little better tonight he stayed  in  me  for  five
        minutes.  We didn't say anymore before going to sleep.
             I  read  the  book  again  and  the  dildo  brought me many
        organisms!!  Why couldn't my husband do me so good??
             That afternoon I returned the book and dildo.    We  talked
        for a while before I went home.
             When my husband came home he fucked for 5 minutes again.
             "Go  call  the team.  You haven't done any better since our
        talk now you can watch and see how it is done."
             For once he did what I told him.  Those team  members  that
        could  come  started  showing  up in 15 minutes.  After they got
        here I told them what was going on.
             "My husband can't stay hard for more than 5 minutes  so  he
        called you all to fuck me so he can see how it is done."
             "You sure you want to do this?"
             "If  he  doesn't  learn  from this our marriage is over!  I
        love him but I need to organism some myself!"
             "Come and sit on my lap to start."
             So I sat on his lap and  he  kissed  me  while  feeling  my
        breasts.  As he was kissing me another member started pulling my
        pants off.  I raised up to let him get them  easier.    With  my
        pants  off  he rubbed my pussy threw my panties.  I started get-
        ting hot!
             My shirt was the next to come off.  Then with  nothing  but
        bra  and panties on I was picked up and carried to the bed room.
        The other team members made sure my husband was brought in too.
             They took my bra and panties off real slow  so  they  would
        have  a good show.  Then two that were naked got in bed with me.
        One kissed me while the other ate my pussy.   "Oooohhhhhhhhhhhhh
        that  feels sooooo gooooood!" I had my first organism with a man
        with him eating me.  Now I got my first cock of the team and  it
        was  good  size.    About  two  inches  longer  than my husband.
        "AAAAHHHHHHHH that is sooo goooood.  Ooohhhh fuck me hard I need
        it sooo much!!" I wanted a good fuck to start with.
             He  fucked  me  for  20  minutes before coming!!  I had or-
        ganisms the whole time!!  Then the  next  cock.    It  was  even
        larger!!    I continued coming it felt so nice!!  I could see my
        husband watching and I was hoping he was learning.  Watching him
        while getting fucked made the fucking even better!!!
             He  fucked me for 15 minutes before shooting into me.  Then
        a larger cock!!  I didn't know they had arranged to fuck me from
        smallest  to  largest!!    Each cock being bigger made each fuck
        better and better!!!
             After each had fucked me  one  time  they  left.    I  felt
        wonderful.    If my husband couldn't do better after that then I
        would ask the other team members to stay with  us.    They  were
        just what I needed!!
             I  went  into  the bath room and douched myself good.  Then
        back to bed to see how my husband would do.
             He was a  little  better  but  couldn't  go  more  than  10
        minutes.
             "You better talk to the other guys and see if they can stay
        with us for a week!  Maybe after a week of watching you  can  do
        it!"
             The  next  day  the  came with gym bags with their clothes.
        They would stay a week to help us.
             That night they introduced me to two  cocks  at  once!    I
        liked  the  feel  of  hard  and soft at once in my mouth and the
        salty taste of sperm drove me  wild  when  it  came  and  I  was
        organismic!!
             By  the  end  of the week they had been in all my holes and
        had me having organisms for 14 straight hours!!!!    My  husband
        finely  admitted  he  couldn't  do me so we arranged for them to
        stay with us permanently!!!!  I love my husband very much and he
        knows  it  but  he also knows I need cocks a lot.  With the team
        members with us our marriage is good and strong.


                                    DREAM 2










             Now I'm 18 and had left home a week ago.    And  had  moved
        into  a  singles  apartment  complex  on  the  top  floor.  This
        Saturday there was a party in the lounge that I went to.   There
        were a lot of good looking guys there but not many women.  I was
        thinking about that when  a  good  looking  guy  came  over  and
        started  talking  to me.  After awhile he left to get me a beer.
        He didn't know I was too young to drink.  Also he didn't know  I
        was  a  virgin.  While he was gone another good looking guy came
        over and started talking to me.  When the first guy came back  I
        found  out  they  were friends.  The beer didn't taste very good
        but I didn't let them know it.  After 3 beers I was unsteady  on
        my feet so they offered to take me home.  I didn't know what was
        going to happen that night.
             They had decided to find a woman for both of them to  fuck!
        We left with one on each side of me. When we got to my apartment
        they took me to the bed room and started to undress me.   I  was
        so  drunk I didn't even protest.  When they got me undressed one
        started to massage my clit while the other  started  sucking  my
        breast!    I  didn't  know  what was happening to me but it felt
        good.  So I just relaxed and enjoyed it.  Then I felt  a  finger
        enter  me  till it hit my hymen.  He then started finger fucking
        me so I started getting hot.  Then he started sucking  my  other
        breast!!  This  is  wonderful  I  thought!   The one that wasn't
        finger fucking me started getting out of his clothes.    When  I
        saw  his  cock  I  started  fucking  back on the finger that was
        fucking me!!  About this time I came for the first  time  in  my
        life!!!    When they saw that the one that was undressed started
        rubbing my cunt with his cock!  I just came some more!!  When he
        put  his  cock  in me it hurt as he busted my hymen but I was so
        hot I just continued cummin!!  Here I was being fucked  for  the
        first  time  in my life!!  Because he started fucking me while I
        was coming my organisms this time were 100 times stronger
             He fucked me for about 5 minutes before he shot  his  sperm
        into  me!!    I  didn't know that hot sperm could trigger such a
        strong organism!!  Then it was the  other  guys  turn!!    After
        about 10 minutes he shot into me!!  This triggered another super
        organism!!  Then the first guy was back in!!  He felt even  big-
        ger  than  before!!    I  reached out to handle the other cock!!
        This turned me on even more!!
             "You like it a lot don't you?" One ask.
             "I never thought it would be like this.  I love it!!
             "How would you like some other guys to fuck?" He ask.
             "I ddon't tthink sooooo!!"
             Then the other spoke up and said "She would love that.  She
        came like a ton of bricks when you ask."
             "Okay you keep fucking her while I make some calls."
             "Fine.  She came again!  She will have the time of her life
        and she won't forget it!"
             Before I could think to protest any more  he  went  in  the
        living room and started calling.
             He  came  back in a few minutes and said he had called 5 of
        his friends!  I came again!!  I must really want  it  to  happen
        because every time more cocks were mentioned I came so hard!!
             Then he put his cock in my mouth!! I didn't know what to do
        it gaged me so.  It hurt till  I  learned  to  relax  my  throat
        muscles.  Then I started cummin some more!  I didn't know that a
        cock in the mouth could feel so nice!  Then  I  got  a  load  of
        sperm  in  my  mouth!    The idea of me taking on more cocks had
        gotten him hot so that a couple of minutes in my  mouth  and  he
        shot  off!!    My first taste of sperm!! It tasted hot and salty
        and set me off again!!
             Then the cock in my pussy shot!!!  He stayed in me  till  I
        came down some then he withdrew.
             Since  both had shot into me at almost the same time I came
        on down.  Then they took me into the  bathroom  and  gave  me  a
        bubble  bathe  while  waiting  on  the others to come.  When the
        doorbell rang one went to get the door while he  other  finished
        bathing me.
             When we came out of the bathroom I met the new man.  He was
        about 40 and had started getting fat.  Then another  showed  up.
        He  was about 16 and skinny.  The last 3 came together.  One was
        in his 20's, one in his 30's and another teenager.
             We sat in the living room and got to  know  each  other  as
        they  undressed!   Each of the 7 had different size cocks!!! And
        one was even curved!!  The first guys told them  I  had  been  a
        virgin  until  about  an hour ago.  Then it was decided that be-
        cause my pussy was still small  they  would  start  smallest  to
        largest!!
             "That  sounds like a good idea but how do we get started??"
        I ask.
             "First start by kissing each of us.    Then  after  kissing
        everyone  suck  each  cock a little.  By that time you should be
        ready to go to the bed room for your first fuck.  You will  have
        each in turn till all have cum.  Then we will see."
             So  I  gave  each  a  kiss!  They stuck their tongues in my
        mouth!!  And while kissing their hands fondled my  breast.    By
        the  time  I  had kissed all seven I started getting hot and had
        not touched a cock!  Then I gave each a mini blow job and  while
        that  was  happening  they fingered my pussy!!  So by the time I
        had finished each cock I was so hot I was ready to fuck!!
             I headed to the bedroom and one came with me.    As  I  lay
        down he got on top and shoved it in.  He was the oldest and knew
        what he was doing!!  As he fucked me he played with my ass!!  He
        shoved  a  finger  in  while  he was fucking me and it felt good
        rubbing against he cock!!!  He fucked me for about five  minutes
        before  he  came.  Then he went out and a teenager came in.  His
        cock was a little larger and he fucked a little  faster  causing
        me  continuous climaxes!!  After he was done I was still climax-
        ing when the next cock got in me!!  I didn't even notice who  it
        was  it  felt  so  good!!  By the time they had finished I was a
        jumble of nerves!!
             They gave me another bath before round 2 started!!
             When I went back to bed two came with me!!  I  got  one  in
        the  pussy  and  one in my mouth!!  It felt sooo good!  When the
        cock in my mouth shot off!!  This was  heaven!!    It  tasted  a
        little different than my first but still good!!  He went out and
        another came in and shoved his cock in my mouth!!  And still the
        cock in my pussy continued to fuck meee!!
             He  fucked  me  for at least 10 minutes more before he shot
        into me.  By that time I had given 5 more  blow  jobs  and  each
        load  of sperm tasted different!!  It felt so good.  I loved the
        feel of hot sperm in my pussy.  I didn't want it to end.  I  had
        closed  my eyes in pleasure and forgot there were more men there
        to fuck meee!!! I had forgotten  how  many  others  there  were.
        That didn't last long as another cock entered me!
             Then  I  heard  him say "Keep fucking her while I make some
        calls.  When they get here we can make a real gang bang  out  of
        it!" That caused me to cum again!!
             How  many  would I be fucking on my first night?? I had al-
        ready found that not all cocks were the same.  Some were  small.
        Some  were large. Some were curved!  And I liked them all!!  But
        the ones the gave me the most feeling were large and long!!!   I
        thought the bigger the better but all was good!!
             After  I  drank 13 loads of cum and had 9 loads in my pussy
        they picked me up and put me on top of a cock.  Then another  in
        my  mouth.   Then someone entered my ass! I cum even stronger!!!
        I loved it so much!!!  I never thought it would feel so good  to
        have a cock in the ass.  But it did!!!
             I  had  been  cummin forever before the largest cock of the
        night was shoved in.  It made my organisms much  stronger!!    I
        wanted to keep this cock at home!!  When I opened my eyes to see
        what he looked like I saw a little old man!!  When did  he  come
        in?  I hadn't met him in the living room!!  He must have been 70
        but he was the best fuck!!  He  fucked  me  for  30  minutes  by
        himself.  He was so large no one could enter my ass!!!
             I  don't  know  how  many fucked me that night but I didn't
        stop cummin till they had finished.  It was wonderful  what  all
        those  cocks  did  for  me!!  I dropped off to sleep with a cock
        still in my mouth!!!  When I woke up the next morning I  thought
        it  was a dream till I noticed 3 guys still in my bed.  I got up
        to get a shower. In getting up I woke them up.
             "While I get a shower you guys fix the bed.    You'll  find
        sheets in the bottom drawer of the dresser."
             I  was  in  the  shower only a minute when 2 of them got in
        with me!  They started washing me and got me hot again!   I  got
        my hands on those cocks and put them where they belonged.  In my
        ass and pussy!  I didn't even know their names!  Just  the  idea
        of being fucked by men I didn't know was exciting!
             After  the  shower  we  returned to bed where we fucked for
        another hour!  That night men started coming  over  about  seven
        but  the  3  had  started fucking me about six so the only way I
        knew others were here was as they entered  me!!!  Each  new  one
        caused  me to cum!!  Was I becoming a whore?  As good as it felt
        I guess I was.
             After 2 days of fucking it was nice to get  back  to  work.
        The only problem was my boss started looking good.  Maybe he had
        a large cock! He must have noticed  something  because  he  came
        over  and  talked  to  me.  While we were talking my nipples got
        hard!!  He noticed it and ask me  to  come  to  his  office  for
        dictation!
             When we got to his office he fondled my breast while he ask
        how my weekend had been!  I told him it had been  good  but  had
        left  me  hot!! He reached for my pussy!! I started cummin right
        away I was so hot!!  He cleared his desk for me to lay on  while
        he fucked me!!
             I  didn't  know but he turned on the pa system so the whole
        plant could hear what we were doing!!!  After he came he told me
        to  go  to the lounge and rest.  He knew the pa was on and every
        man in the plant would be in to fuck me!!
             I went to the lounge and it was empty so I sat on the couch
        to  rest.   About a minute later one of the foreman came in.  He
        came over to me and sat down.  He started fondling my breast and
        told  me to get ready because every man in the plant would be in
        to fuck me!!!  Our plant had 55 male  employes!!!!  It  was  the
        weekend  all  over!!!!  I closed my eyes as he pulled my panties
        off.  He got between my legs and started fucking.  After we  had
        fucked  about  2  minutes several men came in and started moving
        furniture around.  Then they brought in a  mat  for  me  as  the
        couch was too small!!
             After  the  foreman  shot into me they moved me to the mat.
        One was laying down so they put me on top!!  Then I got  a  cock
        in  the mouth and a cock in the ass!!  This was what I needed!!!
        I would love this kind of work every day!!!!
             The next day the boss told me to stay in the lounge to take
        care  them  again!!  I didn't know that the boss also had a call
        girl ring and this was how he checked them out!!   I  spent  all
        day cummin as one after another came to fuck me!!
             In the last 4 days I had almost 400 cocks in me and had cum
        around 900 times I wanted it to go on!!
             The next day he had me take off my  panties  but  leave  my
        clothes on.  Then he told me to go into the plant to service any
        that wanted it while they worked!!  It was odd to  be  giving  a
        blow  job  without a cock in my pussy!  I drank gallons of sperm
        but didn't have a one in my pussy!  I was so hot by the  end  of
        the  day  that  when  the  boss  told me to be at a party he was
        giving that night I didn't know if I could make it.    Or  if  I
        would find someone to fuck me first!
             When  I got to the party it was in full swing and I do mean
        swing.  This was my kind of party I thought!  The boss  had  in-
        vited  all  the  girls  and 3 of their favorite customers!!  The
        only ones who didn't show up were on their period.   Their  cus-
        tomers came anyway!
             With all the cocks that weren't being used I got in the act
        right away!!  I started sucking a free cock and before  I  could
        get  him to cum I had another in my pussy!  As I was fucking and
        sucking 2 of the women got under my chest so they could suck  my
        teats!!    That  sent  ripples  of pleasure spreading through my
        body!!





                                    DREAM 3










             My next dream and I'm 12 years old.  My bust is a 32 with c
        cups,  my wast is 26 and my hips are 32.  With measurements like
        these I have trouble with boys all the time.  If I was beautiful
        maybe  I  wouldn't  have  this trouble but I'm not.  I also have
        trouble near my period as I get hot for boys!   I  haven't  done
        anything yet so my hymen is still intact.  I want to be a virgin
        when I get married.
             I live in a small town that has very little for a  teenager
        to  do.   Our house is an old laundry building.  The first floor
        is empty and we live upstairs.
             The other day my whole life changed.   A  group  of  bikers
        came  to  town.  There are 150 of them.  I know from experience!
        I had talked to them but thought nothing of it!  I  didn't  know
        that  one  had  followed  to see where we lived!  We didn't know
        that they kept watch on the house to  see  when  dad  would  get
        home.
             Dad  had been home about 30 minutes when someone knocked at
        the door.  I went to  answer  it  while  dad  and  mon  finished
        dinner.   When I got to the door I found five men there.  Before
        I could ask what they wanted I was grabbed and a hand covered my
        mouth!    The  other  four went in and found dad and mom eating.
        They brought us into the living room  and  told  us  what  would
        happen.   They were going to bring their bikes and put them down
        stairs.  Then they were going to spend the night with  us.    It
        didn't  sound  like  we  were going to get hurt but the way they
        took over we didn't know if we would or not.
             One of the guys call and told the others to come on.   When
        they arrived some of the women started fixing food while the men
        started drinking.
             Things were quite till after dinner then the  fun  started.
        They  forced mom to strip for them while dad and I watched!  Dad
        tried to stop it and it got the bikers so  mad  they  had  their
        women  take dad and fix him up like a woman!!  When mom finished
        it was my turn!!  I striped slowly and put on a good show hoping
        nothing  would  happen.    With  mom and I naked the men started
        feeling us as dad was brought in!  The women had done a good job
        on  dad!    He could pass as a woman with no trouble at all.  We
        didn't know dad could look like that.
             They gave dad a beer while they continued to  feel  us  all
        over!  Mom started moving along with the hands as a moan escaped
        her mouth.  "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh" she moaned.
             At that the men started undressing!  I  had  never  seen  a
        cock before and the sight of them almost made me sick.  But when
        mom saw them another moan escaped her.  "OOOhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" she
        moaned again but this time longer.  She was getting hot!!  I had
        never seen anyone get hot before so I watched to see what  would
        happen.
             It  didn't take much longer before she reached for a cock!!
        It was like she didn't know dad and I were watching!  She  hand-
        led that cock like it was her best friend!!
             They  had  her  lay on the floor and laying there she got a
        cock in each hand!!  Then one of the guys put his cock into her!
             "OOhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  that's  beautiful"  Mom  gurgled  in
        rapture!  Then one put his cock into her mouth!!!  She seemed to
        know what to do with it as she started sucking on it!!
             All of this action  had  taken  place  as  many  hands  had
        fondled me all over.  When they found my hymen the finder said.
             "Ha we have a virgin here what shall we do with her?"
             "One of you start eating her till she comes then put a cock
        in her mouth." I heard. They laid me next  to  mom  and  someone
        started eating my pussy!!
             "MMom  wwhat  is  hhappening to uus??  I ask but she didn't
        even hear.
             Someone got one of  my  teats  in  his  mouth  and  someone
        started  nibbling  my ear!!  With all this action it wasn't long
        before I started feeling hot myself!
             While this was going on dad had been  trying  to  stop  it.
        This made them so mad they stripped dad down to his bra then put
        a baby doll night gown on him.  Then they put him  next  to  me.
        Then  someone  put  a cock in his ass!  And another in his mouth
        with a warning not to bite or he would loose his cock!!
             I was the only one not being fucked yet!   What  was  wrong
        with  me  didn't  they  like  me?    With these thoughts running
        through my head it didn't take long for me to  start  climaxing.
        Then  a  cock was shoved in my mouth!  After hearing the warning
        given to dad and seeing mom give blow jobs to  three  cocks  one
        after  the other.  I opened my mouth wide and put my lips around
        it and started sucking!  It tasted salty like sweat!
             With one in my mouth and someone eating my pussy I  started
        coming  one  after  the other.  Now I knew why mom didn't notice
        anything!!  This felt wonderful!!  Now  if  someone  would  fuck
        me!!
             "I see she has started coming.  After two blow jobs let Bob
        fuck her.  He has the largest cock around."
             It didn't take long for the cock to start shooting sperm in
        my  mouth!!    I  swallowed it all.  It was even salter than his
        cock!!  Then another cock was  shoved  in!!    My  climaxes  got
        stronger!!    Was this what it's all about!!  If I had known sex
        was this good I would have started sooner!!  Then I got  another
        mouthful  of  sperm.  I swallowed it all again!!  It tasted dif-
        ferent but good!!
             Then I felt hands holding me and feeling me as they  waited
        for  Bob  to get over to me!!  This kept me hot and wet for him!
        Then he was over me!  His cock looked like a 15x4 monster!!
             "HHow ccand tthat ffit iin mmeeee???  I stuttered.
             "Don't worry about it I will be gentle with you.    I  will
        enter you slowly so can get a feel for it?"
             He  brought it up to my pussy and started rubbing it up and
        down!!  I started climaxing again!!  Then  he  put  the  tip  in
        meee!!   It stretched me but didn't hurt!!  Just the opposite it
        felt good!!  He eased into me until he reached my hymen!!   Then
        he   started   fucking  me  up  to  my  hymen!    Then  after  5
        minutes(while I was in a big organism) he broke my hymen pushing
        all  the  way in!!  AAAAooooowwwwww it hurt for just and instant
        then I climaxed with a  climax  five  times  stronger  than  any
        before ooohhhhhhhhhhh!!!!  This is wonderful I moaned.  After he
        got all the way in and had fucked me for a  minute  a  cock  was
        shoved  into  my  mouth!!   It felt even better to be fucked and
        give a blow job at the same time!!!
             I was so tight Bob had a hard time  fucking  me!!    So  it
        didn't  take  him  long to cum!!  The feel of hot sperm shooting
        out of the cock in me caused my largest organism so far!!!  This
        was  heaven!!    Then  I  got  a mouth full and a new cock in my
        pussy!!!!
             Now I knew why mom didn't know I was beside her!!  I was so
        enraptured  with my organisms I didn't know mom had all three of
        her holes full!!
             I heard mom bouncing up and down but could not look at  her
        because  of  the cock in my mouth!!  After he shot my mouth full
        and got out I turned my head and saw mom!!  She had three  cocks
        in  her and seemed to enjoy that more than anything else!!  Then
        I had a new cock in my mouth and could  not  see  anymore!!    I
        could  still  see mom with a cock in each hole!!  It made my or-
        ganisms even stronger!!!!
             After the third cock shot in my pussy I got one in my ass!!
        It  hurt  for  only  the initial shove then it felt good!!  Then
        someone filled my pussy!!  With all my holes full I  was  coming
        with strong contentious organisms!!!  I could not get enough!!!
             After  a  while I got a look at dad.  He looked like he was
        enjoying taking two cocks!!  What would he be like after  this!!
        Would he still be my dad after this!!
             They  fuck  the three of us for at least three hours before
        we got a rest!!  Mom and I had organisms for the entire time and
        coming down felt bad!!
             After  we  got baths they let us put on night gowns and had
        dad put on another one also!!
             "Kitten I'm sorry this  had  to  happen  but  at  least  we
        haven't been hurt so far." Dad said.
             "Didn't it hurt you to be fucked in the ass??" I ask.
             "It  did until the first sperm was shot in me then it acted
        like I had a lube job and then I started liking it!!  I shot  my
        load  three  times  without  even touching myself as they fucked
        me!!"
             "I'm glad you enjoyed it so much!" Mom said.
             "Did you both enjoy it as much as it seemed??" He ask.
             "We sure did!!" Mom answered.
             "I never knew it would feel so good or I  would  have  been
        doing  it  already!    I  love  it  so  much  I  hope to do more
        tonight!!" I said.
             "Well as we are being fucked think about what you  want  to
        do when this is over.  We will talk about it later."
             Then  our  brake  was  over and with no warm up at all they
        started fucking us again!!  This time it hurt till he came  then
        his  sperm  acted  like  a lube job like dad had said.  The next
        cock didn't hurt and I started getting hot again!!    Before  my
        organism  came  they shoved dad into my ass!!  My own father was
        fucking my ass and he felt like he was enjoying  it!!    My  or-
        ganism started then and I didn't notice anything more!!
             My  next noticeable moment was when dad was hard again they
        put him in my pussy!!!  He started  fucking  right  away  and  I
        could  feel  him  being  fucked  as  he  fucked  me!!!  I had my
        strongest organism of the night with him in me!!!
             The next time I saw  anything  was  dad  being  put  in  my
        mouth!!    I  gave  him the most loving blow job I could give!!!
        When he came in my mouth it tasted the best of all the cum I had
        swallowed!!!    When  they left I would have dad fuck me often!!
        Maybe mom and I could share him!!
             We got another brake after three more  hours.  "Kitten  I'm
        sorry about fucking you but they forced me!"
             "Did you enjoy it as much as I did??" I ask.
             "Yes I did but I didn't know you liked it too!!"
             "I  enjoyed  it  so  much  that when they leave I want you.
        Maybe mom will share you with me!!" I didn't know I had the guts
        to ask that but I did.  Then mom finished fucking and came over.
             She  was  still  coming  as she said.  "How did you like it
        that time?"
             "We both enjoyed it and you?"
             "I don't know what is wrong with  me  I  can't  get  enough
        cock!!"
             "How would you like to take all of them while we rest?" Dad
        ask.
             "I would love that but will they let me?"
             "All we can do is ask."
             So dad ask them if they would  fuck  mom  while  he  and  I
        rested  then  mom could rest as we resumed.  They liked the idea
        as some of them wanted to rest also.  Dad and I went to his  bed
        room  and  lay  on the bed only seconds before I reached for his
        cock and put it in my pussy.  Then we went to sleep!
             We got to sleep till 9 o'clock the next morning before they
        woke  us  up.   Dad was still in me when they brought mom in and
        when she saw it she smiled and said.  "It looks like we will  be
        a closer family after this is over."
             Dad  and I went back to the living room and while we waited
        they brought us breakfast.  They didn't want us running  out  of
        energy before they were finished!
             This  time  they started by feeling us till we got hot then
        they entered us.  My organisms started faster this time!!  Maybe
        I  was getting used to it!!  What ever the reason I liked it.  I
        took five hours to finish fucking us and I enjoyed every  moment
        of it!!!
             They  let  us  go back to sleep and when we awoke they were
        gone.  Mom and I both cried we loved it so.  We didn't know what
        to  do  with all the cocks gone.  We remembered dad and took him
        into the bed room.  As we lay down mom  took  his  cock  in  her
        mouth.    I sat on his face so he could eat me.  Then mom turned
        so I could eat her.  We all came at once.    Then  we  were  all
        depressed again!  We wanted more cock!
             We  all got dressed to go into the largest town around.  We
        dressed dad as a woman as he liked it that way.  It  turned  mom
        and  I on a little to see him like that.  Maybe he would stay as
        a woman for a while.
             When we got to town we went to the mall to see if it  would
        help us any.  It was fun looking at dresses and night gowns with
        dad.  We bought him three dresses, three skirts and  tops,  five
        sets  of  undergarments  and  slips, two pair of shoes (one with
        heels!) and stockings and garter belt.  He would ware this  from
        now  on  he  said.  We would see.  I knew how much fun warring a
        skirt was.  Men looking up it to see your pussy.  In  the  woods
        your legs get scratched.  We would see how long it lasted.
             We  had just walked out of the store when we met one of the
        guys from school.  We talked about school and  what  a  drag  it
        was.   Then I ask if he would like to come over to my house.  He
        said he couldn't because of football practice.
             "That's alright bring the team and we will have food  fixed
        when you get there."
             "Not everyone will want to come."
             "So bring those that will."
             Before  he  left I brushed against his cock.  He had a good
        size one in his pants.  He looked at me and I smiled at him.  He
        got the message.
             "We'll all have fun tonight!" I said as he left.
             We  went  home to get ready.  When we got home dad got into
        one of his new outfits and put on his high  heels!    He  looked
        good and said he felt great!
             We fixed enough food for twenty hoping that many would come
        over!  But when they arrived there was only five.  We froze  the
        extra  food  and sat down to eat.  We put one on each side of us
        so we could get to know them.
             Mom was the first to reach for a cock but dad  and  I  were
        not  far behind after seeing her!  It didn't take long before we
        all went to bed!  Two came with me to my room.  Two with mom  to
        her room and the remaining one with dad to the guest room.
             After  we  got undressed I gave each a blow job to get them
        hard.  Then with one  in  front  and  one  in  back  we  started
        fucking.   I was just starting to cum when they both shot in me!
        While we waited for them to get hard again they  fondled  me  to
        keep me hot so I would enjoy the next fuck.  When they were hard
        they switched places so front was back and back was front.  This
        time  they  were able to fuck a lot longer.  We fucked for about
        15 minutes before they came this time.
             While we were resting the two that had been doing mom  came
        to  switch  with my two!  One of the new guys was good and large
        so I put him in my pussy and gave the other a blow  job!    They
        were  able  to  last  for 30 minutes before shooting off in me!!
        After this we met in the living room.
             Everyone had had a good time so we told them what had  hap-
        pened  to us.  After we were done they promised to return tomor-
        row with more men so we could fuck more!!
             In school it became hard to study because I studied men  to
        determine if they had large cocks!!  My grades went down because
        of it.  That is till I met one of my teachers in the mall.
             "Why are your grades falling so much?  Do you have  trouble
        at  home?   Is your boyfriend giving problems?  Maybe I can help
        if I know what the problem is."
             "If you come to my house after school  you  will  find  the
        answers  to your questions.  Mom and dad will be there to verify
        what I tell."
             "Okay I will be there about 30 minutes after school."
             "Good see you then." Our men friends wouldn't  arrive  till
        about 5 o'clock.  This would give us an hour with him.
             He  showed  up on time and I introduced him to mom and dad!
        He didn't know what to do about dad but he tried to act as if it
        was  a  normal  way for a man to dress.  We sat on the couch and
        told him what had happened!  He got hard while mom  was  telling
        her  part  so  I started giving him a blow job!  He shot in less
        than a minute he was so hot!!  Mom started undressing him  while
        dad  told  his  side  of the tail.  I stood to give a strip show
        while mom got out of her clothes.  He got hard fast and when  he
        was  mom got on him.  She fucked him for about a minute when dad
        got in her ass and she started organizing.    After  10  minutes
        they  both  shot into her.  Then my teacher and I went to my bed
        room to discus what we could do about my grades.
             We decided I would fuck  all  my  male  teachers  while  he
        fucked  my  female  teachers!  Then we would get together for an
        orgy when all my  grades  would  be  changed!    I  didn't  know
        teachers  would  do  things  like  that  but it was worth a try.
        Besides fucking them would be fun!  Then he and I fucked for  30
        minutes before he left.  Our 20 men showed up on time and we all
        forgot everything except cocks!!  Without those 20 we  would  go
        out of our minds!!!  We need cocks so much.
             Not  long  after  this  both  mom  and  I  found  ourselves
        pregnant!!  Who the father was we didn't know  but  by  figuring
        when it happened it proved to be one of the bikers!!  One out of
        150!!
             Dad had been a woman for five months  and  looked  like  he
        would  stay  that  way!!   He liked dressing like that!!!  I had
        been dressing like that for years and  didn't  see  anything  to
        like about it but he did!!
             I  got  to fuck all my teachers before my pregnancy showed!
        We had our orgy that weekend!  They got a hunting lodge to  use.
        Mom  and  dad  stayed home to take care of things.  While I went
        for the orgy!!
             We had been fucking about an hour when the  neighbors  came
        over  to  join!!    Then they called others they knew and before
        long there was 25 people in the house!!  I got fucked almost  as
        much as the bikers had fucked me!!  When ever I get 3 or more to
        fuck I put myself back to the bikers and  have  a  ball!!!    It
        hurts for it to be over!!
             When  our  pregnancy started showing we went on a trip.  We
        wanted to find the bikers!!  We wanted them to fuck  us  again!!
        It  took  3  months to find them but when we did they remembered
        us!!  They even wanted to fuck us being large with child!!    It
        didn't take long to set it up.
             When we met for the orgy Bob of the large cock was my first
        again!!  I didn't know if he could  get  in  with  my  child  so
        large!!    He got in and it was like before!!  My organisms were
        humongous because of the pregnancy!!  We fucked for 8 hours this
        time!! There were more bikers!!  When we got a brake dad ask.
             "How would it be for us to move here?"
             "Sounds like a good idea." Mom said.
             "With  them  to  fuck  me  it would be heaven!!" My 2 cents
        worth!
             Dad ask if any homes were for  sale  in  the  area?    They
        promised  to  show  us  some  the  next day but tonight was fuck
        night!!  This is what I like!!  More cocks than I can service!!!
             The next day we went to look at houses.  The third one  was
        it.  It had a big yard that was walled.  No one would see me sun
        bathing.  There was room to put  most  of  the  bikes  when  the
        bikers  came  over.   I picked a large bed room on the top floor
        and the bikers said they would remodel it for me!  Mom picked  a
        large  bed  room  at  the  back of the house.  It would also get
        remodeled!  Dad choose a room for himself so when  we  were  all
        having sex he wouldn't disturb us.
             After  picking rooms the bikers that were with us fucked us
        in our new bed rooms to break them in right!
             It took 3 months to redo all the rooms and we finished just
        in  time  for  the babies to be born.  Mom had a boy and I had a
        girl and boy!!  Her boy looked like Bob!  Mine both looked  like
        dad!!  Now we knew who had impregnated us!!
             Dad had been thinking of a sex change for a while but could
        never make up his mind.  After the kids were born he decided  to
        do  it.   The bikers thought it would be great because he looked
        so much like a woman!!  They also knew a doctor that would do it
        for  free  because  they  got him out of trouble.  The operation
        took place the next day!!  She was in the hospital for 2  months
        while  her  pussy  was formed!!  When she got home she was still
        sore so she could only give blow jobs.
             After she healed a party was thrown.  She was the guest  of
        honor  and  got only large cocks for the first hour!!  After she
        started coming she came as much as mom and I!!!  After the party
        15  bikers  stayed while the others went home.  We each got 5 to
        play with all night!!  In the morning dad?  said  it  had  never
        been so good!
             "What are we going to do now that I'm a woman?"
             "I  guess  we  keep  on  as we are except you can't fuck us
        anymore."
             "If fucking is the only problem we'll get a double dildo."
             "Sounds like a good idea to me."
             When the kids turned 1 year old we started teaching sex  to
        them.   Each got a cock to suck on and hand jobs to take care of
        the rest.  None of them had  organisms  but  they  would  later.
        They  would  not  be brought up as I had.  They would know about
        sex all their lives!!



                                    DREAM 4








             In this dream I'm an adult in my twenties.  It was  a  cool
        clear day for doing the last of the yard work before winter snow
        came.  It was Sunday and the big game would be on tv today.    I
        put  on  my  gardening  dress over my sexiest underwear.  When I
        came from doing the yard work I would wash them as I washed.   I
        like sexy clothes to ware.
             When  my  brother John came over to watch the game with his
        buddies I wanted to be clean and smelling good.  This ritual  of
        watching  the  game at my house started at the start of football
        season and was still going on.   Maybe  my  big  screen  tv  and
        satellite  antenna  had  something to do with it.  But with John
        you never knew.
             You see.  John and I had been fucking sense I was 10 and he
        was 13.  He had come into my room one day when I was letting our
        dog lick my pussy.  When he saw that he got hard and pulled  the
        dog  off of me and put his own cock in me.  As he was fucking me
        he ask if the dog did that often.  I told him it happened  when-
        ever  I  wanted  it  which was about 3 times a week.  He got the
        idea for the dog to fuck me too.
             I think he got the idea because the dog was trying to  fuck
        him.    After  he shot off in me he picked up the dog and had me
        jack him off.  Then he put the cock in me and the dog went wild.
        I must have come at least 100 times before the dog shot into me.
        After that between John and the dog I was in heaven.
             I was now 22 and he was 25.  He was the best I had ever had
        but  maybe  that was because he is my brother.  Some of the guys
        that came for the game looked pretty good and  I  got  hot  just
        being  around  them.    You  never know where a girl will find a
        husband.  So always be prepared.
             I had ordered a buffet from the caterers and plenty of beer
        was  on  hand.    This  had  become an every Sunday event so the
        caterers were prepared.
             After my bath put on a white mini skirt and a hot pink top.
        Then  instead  of  panty  hose  I  put  on garter belt and sheer
        stockings.  I always dressed comfortable for the game.   Besides
        the  feel  of  a  nylon slip rubbing against sheer stockings was
        delicious.
             John came at 12 to start getting things  ready  but  before
        anything  got  done I got his cock and started giving him a blow
        job so he could relax during the game.  His balls felt  like  he
        hadn't  shot  off for a week.  I massaged his balls as he fucked
        into my mouth. His cock went half way down my throat.  After  he
        came  with  a big load of salty tasting cock juice.  I put on my
        lipstick (hot pink to match my top).  He started  eating  me  to
        get me relaxed and I was on the edge of coming when the doorbell
        rang with the first of his buddies to arrive.
             While he answered the door I got a  beer  hoping  it  would
        settle  me down as I was still quite hot.  It would not do to be
        too hot around these guys.  Friends of my brother would fuck  me
        in a heartbeat if they knew how hot I was.
             I  was in the kitchen fixing party mix and drinking my beer
        when Marty came in to say hi.  He kissed me on the  cheek  which
        did  not help my problem at all.  It was all I could do to leave
        him alone.  He was the best looking hunk of the  bunch.    While
        Marty  went  to  tune  the tv John came and kissed my neck while
        fondling my breasts.  I was almost coming again when  the  door-
        bell rang again.  While he went to answer the door I finished my
        beer and got another one.
             This time it was the rest of the crowded.  As they  settled
        in the living room I brought in beer and party mix.
             "You  guys  know  where  the food is so help yourselves." I
        took the party mix to each in turn so they would not have to get
        up.
             As  the  game started I sat on the floor using John's leg's
        for back rest.  He started massaging my neck and shoulders.   It
        felt  so  good  but would not let me calm down.  Then he reached
        down and started massaging my breasts.
             "OOOOOOOOOOhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!  I murmured.
             Then I heard John say to everyone.
             "Sis is hot today who would like to fuck her first?"
             "Will she be able to fuck all of us?" Marty ask.
             "She is hot enough.  She probably won't cool off  until  we
        are done with her." John answered.
             "John  what  are  you  saying I've never done anything like
        that before!!" I said.
             "That's all right you'll enjoy a good fuck with all of  us.
        I  know  how  hot  you  are.   Besides there is a first time for
        everything.  You'll enjoy it so much you will want even more."
             I tried to get up but John just pushed me down on the floor
        as  Marty  took over fondling my breast and someone else took my
        panties off and played with my clit.
             That was all it took for me to start to take  off  my  mini
        skirt.    They  would  not  let  me do it.  They wanted to do it
        themselves.  As hands reached all over me and  my  clothes  came
        off I closed my eyes in pleasure.
             Then Marty got between my legs and started eating me as one
        of the others stuck his cock in my mouth.  I didn't know who  it
        was  and  didn't care either!  With Marty's tongue doing my clit
        so good and a cock in my mouth I started coming  and  it  didn't
        stop for hours! I was in heaven the whole time.  I had never had
        more than 1 cock at a time and here I had 8 to make me  feel  so
        good!  Why hadn't I thought of this before!!
             I  was  coming  and coming and coming.  The one in my mouth
        shot off with it's salty load of cum. I swallowed it all!!!  But
        before  I  could  savior the taste too long an another cock took
        it's place.  The tongue that was lapping my clit quit and a huge
        cock  replaced  it.  I wandered who it was but didn't care!!  It
        felt so good!!  It slid into me like a knife through hot butter.
        I  was  being  fucked by 2 guys and it felt so good it hurt when
        they turned me over so someone could enter my ass.
             The cock in my pussy shot what felt  like  gallons  of  cum
        into  me.  Then John was laying on his back next to me and I got
        on top of him.
             His cock was a monster but as hot as I was  it  felt  good.
        Then  I  felt  a  cock  enter  my ass.  With all my holes full I
        started getting shot with sperm every minute.  As  someone  shot
        there was another to take his place
             "OOOOhhhhh ttthhaatt fffeeellllsss sssoooo ggggooooodddd!!"
        I think I said
             Everyone of my holes was  full  and  my  teats  were  being
        handled nicely.  I was hotter than I had ever been and could not
        stop coming.
             I reached out and grabbed a cock to jack off as I was being
        fucked  out  of  my  mind.  Nothing could be better.  I love the
        feeling of my holes being full and the taste of cum in my mouth.
             The cock in my ass shot off and another took his place  and
        this  new  cock  was larger than the first so the fit was tight.
        John's huge cock had all it could do to  move  with  the  larger
        cock in my ass.  Then John took one of my teats in his mouth and
        sucked like a baby.  I passed out from all the nice feelings.
             I don't know how long I was out but when I  came  to  Marty
        was  in my mouth and a smaller cock in my pussy.  It all felt so
        good I didn't want it to stop.
             After every one  had  cum  twice  they  took  me  into  the
        bathroom  and  gave  me  a bath.  As they touched my clit I con-
        tinued to come.  After that they turned cold water on me  and  I
        finely came down from the highest high I had ever had.
             They  found  a  sexy night gown and put that on me before I
        went back into the liven room.  I sat on John's lap and said.
             "That was fun but I don't know how much I  can  take.    Is
        this going to happen every Sunday?"
             Some said yes some said no.  They could not all agree.
             "Let's  plan  on  it  for  next Sunday." I said.  "How many
        would like to stay with me all week?"
             Out of 8 men only 5 decided to stay.  The others  were  in-
        vited back next Sunday.
             When  we  went  to  bed  6 on a king size water bed was too
        tight a fit so 2 went to stay in the guest room for a while.
             I fondled their cocks to get them hard again.  I sucked one
        while jacking off 2.  Then the one I was sucking started fucking
        me and one of the other put his cock into my mouth.   The  other
        one  got  into my ass.  Then the one in my mouth called for them
        to switch.  The one in my pussy went into my ass, the one in  my
        mouth went to my pussy and the one in my ass went into my mouth.
        Four more times they switched before  they  all  shot  at  once.
        Every time they switched I came with a bomb it was so good.
             After  they  finished  they swapped with the 2 in the guest
        bed.  With only 2 one in my pussy and one in my ass we were able
        to talk a little.
             "Does this make you think I am a whore?" I ask as they both
        fucked me in time with each other.
             "No what would give you that idea?"
             "Because of the way I like cocks.  I didn't  know  I  would
        like them so much until today."
             "That's alright your supposed to like cocks!"
             When the dog hopped on the bed the guys didn't know what to
        do.  As they moved away he came and licked my pussy and ate  the
        cum that was there.  Then one of the guys put the dog cock in my
        pussy and himself in my mouth.  After he  shot  the  other  cock
        started  fucking  my mouth.  Him and the dog came at once.  Then
        the dog went back to licking.
             When the dog finished they took me into  the  bathroom  and
        gave  me a douche to get the dog sperm out of me.  After this we
        went to bed. About 3am I was awakened by both of them fucking me
        again.  Then back to sleep.
             In the morning my breakfast consisted of cum as I gave each
        a blow job before they left for work.  Then I got a bubble bath.
        I  put on my lavender underwear and matching gown and housecoat.
        That was the most satisfying 24 hours I had  ever  spent  and  I
        didn't want it to end.
             Lounging  around  the house I did my nails, changed my ear-
        rings and gave myself a mud pack.  It is nice to be a woman  and
        be  able  to ware nice clothes and makeup.  I would not trade it
        for anything.
             I cleaned up the house and started fixing  a  high  protein
        meal  for  when  they  came  home.  I wanted them to be ready to
        fuck.  Not sleep.
             With 5 husbands at home each night someone wanted  to  fuck
        all  the  time.  I loved this but Sunday was the best day of the
        week and something to be looked forward to.
             We had lived  with  this  arrangement  for  3  months  when
        (unknown  to  me) John got together with the others and sat up a
        surprise.
             "I want each of you to arrange for one other  guy  to  come
        over  Sunday.    As  we will be through with Sis about 3 o'clock
        have them meet at the park and come over  at  2:45.    With  Sis
        coming like she does she won't notice them till after they start
        fucking her.  By the way see if you can find  young  ones.    We
        will see how she likes that."
             "Sounds  like  a good idea.  Will there be any problem with
        them talking?
             "Tell them if they talk and we find out we will  beat  them
        up  to  a pulp.  Later we will see if she will like slobs, young
        men, dogs, donkeys or what.  Then we will film it  all.    Maybe
        one  day  it  will  start with us, then to the young then to the
        slobs, then dogs and last a donkey or more if we can find more."
             Everything was setup Sunday for the big  fuck.    We  moved
        mats  into  the liven room to give more room.  The water bed was
        not big enough.
             I got a bath given to me by my husbands which got me hot to
        start  with.    They would not let me come as they wanted me hot
        for the rest.  They dressed me in a pink nightgown with  no  un-
        derwear  on.    Then  we  went to the liven room to wait.  While
        waiting I played with a couple of cocks to keep me hot.   I  had
        been jacking them off for about 5 minutes when the others showed
        up.
             First they put me on the mat then it was tongue  and  mouth
        till  they  each  cum  once.    By that time I was coming like a
        string of firecrackers going off.  Then Marty was the  first  to
        fuck  me  as  they put me on top of him.  Someone entered my ass
        and another my mouth.  It was heaven again.    It  never  fails.
        When my holes are filled it is heaven.
             I  was  not  noticing anything but coming when I felt a new
        cock in my ass.  It seemed different but I couldn't see  who  it
        was.    It  didn't  matter  anyway I just came again!!  What was
        wrong with me?  A  new  cock  I  didn't  know  gave  me  a  good
        organism!!    Then  a new cock entered my mouth.  It was curved.
        None of my guys had a curved cock.  It didn't matter as  I  come
        harder when I realized these were new cocks.  When he shot in my
        mouth it tasted sweet and I got a look at him.  He  was  just  a
        kid about 16 years old and the one in my ass was about 17.  Then
        I noticed there were a lot more guys in the  house  than  before
        and  I  got to fuck all of them.  Those young guys really did me
        good.  After their first cum they  stayed  hard  for  almost  an
        hour!!  I could keep this up forever!!!
             I  didn't  get  a chance to talk to the new guys as another
        new one got in my pussy.  He was almost as large as John.  Maybe
        he  and John could stay this week.  I passed out at the thought.
        When I came to I was just finishing the new ones.  Then  someone
        let  the  dog  in.  He came and started liking me good while the
        guys watched.  They liked the show.
             After that they again gave me a bath.  This time with  cold
        water  so  I could think again.  Back in the liven room I got to
        meet the new guys and what a bunch of hunks they are.
             This time out of 16 guys 13 decided to stay.    Oh  heaven!
        Fun  time  this  week!   After I sucked them off for breakfast I
        started cleaning house.  While working I got a cute idea.    How
        would  the  guys  like dressing as a woman?  They might like the
        feel of nylon against their skin.  Like I do!
             That night before fucking started I ask them about it and 6
        got a hard on just thinking about it.  Looks like it will be fun
        getting them to look like women.
             We took their measurements so I  could  order  dresses  for
        them.    Then  it  was time for fucking.  Those 6 guys fucked me
        better than any of the others.  Maybe making  them  women  would
        make them better fuckers.  Before long we would find out.
             The  dresses  and night gowns came 2 days later.  First the
        guys went to get a bubble bath and shave their legs, under  arms
        and  chest.    Then they put on their night gowns and sat in the
        liven room as we did their nails and put earrings in their ears.
             By this time they were ready to fuck so we waited to finish
        the  job.  This was a totally different fuck.  Feeling the nylon
        against them set me off and they couldn't seem to finish.   They
        just  fucked  and  fucked.  It was 2 hours before they finished.
        If that was how it was going to be they would be women  all  the
        time.    This was the first time I found out guys liked nylon as
        much as I did.
             They slept in their night gowns  from  then  on.    In  the
        morning  after  another  bubble  bath they put on bras, panties,
        slip and dress.  Then I fixed their makeup and did  their  hair.
        They  looked like women so we all went out for breakfast.  Those
        6 had the best time of all.  They liked it so well.  When we got
        home  we found jobs for our women.  One could type so she became
        a secretary.  The others became waitresses.
             When we all came together again they told  how  they  liked
        it.    Not  a one wanted to go back to being a man.  Then we had
        them to give the blow jobs.  They didn't like it that  well  but
        they did it.  Then they started fucking me.  Then as I was being
        fucked someone started fucking them in the ass.  This made their
        cocks  get  even  larger.   I enjoyed this more than anything so
        far.  After everyone was done fucking we burned the male clothes
        the 6 had.  Therefore they would be women all the time.
             After  getting the women swimsuits we all went to an indoor
        pool to swim.  They had to stay in the pool because their  cocks
        stayed  hard.   They said it was great to be women.  Finely when
        no one was watching they got out and put on their skirts.   That
        night they fucked good.
             The  next  Sunday  we were all fucking when again new cocks
        were put in me.  This time it was a bunch of slobs.    I  didn't
        come  as  good this time.  A dirty stinking cock was a turn off.
        That was the last time any slobs fucked me.
             We had settled down to a quite home life after  the  slobs.
        We had 13 staying at my house.  Six as women seven as men.  This
        meant 1 on 1 for the whole week.  By the end of the week  the  6
        were  enjoying  it  as  much as I did.  We changed partners each
        night so no one would get bored.  This went on  for  two  months
        when another change took place.
             When  we  got  together  Sunday it was different.  Everyone
        brought a dog!  After seeing my dog lick me  like  he  had  they
        wanted to see me get fucked by a bunch of dogs!
             First  they laid me on the mat and got a german shepherd to
        lick me.  I got hot right away and wanted a cock in my mouth.  I
        though  one  of  the  guys  would  fuck  my mouth.  Instead they
        brought a dog for me to suck!
             "Nooo don't make meee dooo this!" I said.
             "You will like it when you get hot enough Sis." John said.
             "Maybeee buttt getttt meeee hotttt  firstttt!"  I  was  hot
        enough to stutter but not hot enough to suck a dog!"
             Then two of the guys started sucking my teats.  That set me
        off like a rocket and I reached for the dog's cock.    I  played
        with it for a while then started sucking the dog.  He had a slim
        cock but it reached down my throat and moved 100 miles an  hour.
        None  of  the guys could move that fast.  Then as he was fucking
        my mouth they put a dog in my pussy!  He fucked faster than  any
        man could too.  I loved it!
             As  one dog shot into me another took his place.  It didn't
        matter if it was pussy or mouth .  It seemed  like  it  went  on
        forever  but I was fucking dogs for at least an hour!  Their cum
        in my mouth tasted bittersweet.  I drank several  gallons.    It
        all tasted so good!!
             Then my guys took and bathed me and douched me good then it
        was their turn!  While I had been fucking the dogs they had  all
        come  once  in the other women.  Then it was my turn.  First the
        women.  Their cocks looked like monsters.   They  were  so  hot!
        Being  fucked  turned  them on just like me!! They fucked me for
        another hour before the men took over.  Then the  women  started
        sucking  the  dogs after I told them how good it tasted!  All of
        us liked watching the action.  The guys didn't tell us about the
        camera!!
             This Sunday the fucking lasted till 10 o'clock at night.  I
        had the dogs again before  they  left!!    It  was  as  good  as
        before!!
             Then  John  put  in a video for us to watch before going to
        bed.  It showed all of the fucking that had gone one!!
             "What are you going to do with that?" I ask.
             "Keep it here incase anyone needs it to get hot."
             "Okay we will try it out this week and let you know.    But
        no  more filming without my say so." After this my dog spent the
        night in my bed along with my guy Marty.
             After all the fucking I had come to the point where I could
        organism  continually  for up to 6 hours!!  I feel sorry for men
        because they never have it so good!
             The next Sunday I expected things to be back to normal.  It
        wasn't!!
             "How would like to fuck and suck a donkey Sis?" John ask.
             I stuttered "Howw bbigg isss iitt?"
             Then  they  brought it in!  It looked as big as Marty's and
        wasn't even hard!  I went over and started petting it to see  if
        I  could  get  my  courage  up!  After petting it for a minute I
        reached down and handled his cock!  It grew to be twice the size
        of Marty's!!
             "Howw  wwwilll  III bbeee aablllee tooo gettt tthaattt iin-
        nntttoo mmeeeeee??"
             "Don't worry Sis we will get you hot first." John said.
             They had made a bed for me that was 3  feet  high  and  had
        stirrups  for  my  feet.  This would put me at the proper height
        while leaving my pussy and ass reachable.  I laid on the bed and
        2  of  them started sucking my teats and someone started licking
        me.
             As the guys were getting me hot each of the  women  got  to
        handle  the donkey's cock .  They looked like they were enjoying
        it!  I got super hot right away.
             "Brriiinnnggg hhiiimmm hhheeerrree nnnoooowww!!"  I  wanted
        the donkey now!!!!!
              Marty brought him over and I reached for the his cock.  It
        was as big as a baseball bat!!  It felt as hot  as  fire  in  my
        hand!    I gently eased my pussy on to his cock but when he felt
        my pussy he shoved it right in!!
             "OOOwwww ttthhaatt hhhuuurrrttsss ssooooooo ggoooodddd!!  I
        came  with  the  hardest  organism I had ever had!!  Then I felt
        someone playing with my ass and had another super organism.    I
        turned my head and got a cock in my mouth.  Then the donkey shot
        his load and it was hotter than any other cum I  had  been  shot
        with  and there was gallons of it!!  It poured out of my pussy!!
        Again a super organism!!  I didn't know what was happening.    I
        felt  them  move him out of the way when he finished.  I relaxed
        thinking it was over.  But they brought in another donkey.!
             "Hoowww  mmaannnyyy   moooorrreeee   ddoooo   yyyyoooouuuuu
        hhaavvveee???"
             "We were able to get 5 for you." John said.
             "FFFFFiiiiivvvvvveeee!!!" I ask.
             "Yes 5 I thought you would like at leased that many."
             "If I have many more super organisms I don't know what will
        happen.    OOOOhhhhh  III   lllooovvee   ttthhhhaaaatt   bbiiigg
        ccccoooccckk!!!"
             Another  of  the  donkey  cocks  was  shoved into me and he
        started fucking me.  This was a smaller donkey and as he  fucked
        me  he  nibbled  my  teats!!   Then someone put a dog cock in my
        mouth!!!  I was in heaven and it would not stop.  After the  dog
        shot  off  and  the  donkey came they brought in another donkey.
        Instead of putting him in my pussy the brought him to my mouth!!
        I  could just barely get it in!!  Then another in my pussy!!  It
        had never been better!!!  But how much could I take???  When the
        one in my mouth shot his cum
             "AAArrrggguuueee  it tastes like candy!!!" I mumbled around
        his cock.  I drank all I could still about a gallon  poured  out
        of my mouth.  The women massaged it into my teats.  It felt like
        a hot oil massage.
             Then the one in my pussy!!!!  The guys brought the last one
        to  my  mouth  while  a  dog drank my pussy!! I had come so many
        times I could not keep count!  When he shot I was done  but  his
        cum still tasted like candy!!
             They  carried  me to the bath room for a bath.  I could not
        walk it had taken all my energy!!!!  Two of the women  came  and
        gave  me  a  bath.   Then dressed me in my pink gown and took me
        back to the liven room.  I watched as the 6 women  took  on  all
        the  guys.    They had a cock in the ass and in the mouth.  When
        they all finished we talked about how they liked  it  that  way.
        They all said they liked it.  They were becoming horny women.
             One  of  the guys ask if the women would like a sex change.
        After talking about it for an hour they all said yes.  Then  one
        of  the guys said his father was a surgeon and maybe he would do
        the job.  We ask him to check on it for us.  I could not take  a
        man  that  night  so Marty went to spend the night in one of the
        other rooms.  One of the girls didn't get much sleep that night.
             It was 2 weeks before I could handle another  cock!  I  was
        totally  fucked out!  Marty spent a night with each of the other
        women.  We also  heard  that  the  operation  would  take  place
        starting  in  2  weeks.    They  drew straws to see who would go
        first.  The secretary went first.  When she came home she  could
        not  do  anything  but suck for 2 months!  By the time she could
        start fucking all had had the operation.  By the time every  one
        healed we had a real nice whore house going.
             When  one  was ready to fuck we started with the dogs.  All
        of us enjoyed it.  We keep 8 dogs at home now.    All  have  big
        cocks.  We also found out about woman to woman.  It was nice but
        not as good as donkeys!
             It took a year before the women could  take  on  a  donkey.
        When  that happened we took movies to show her how she liked it.
        It was fun to watch them in the afternoon.  We could feel  those
        monster cocks again!
             The women said that if they had known how good it was to be
        a woman they would have done it a lot earlier.  We also talked 3
        other  into  trying  to  be  women.   After a year they also had
        operations.  I guess men don't like being men because anyone who
        tries being a woman becomes one.
             If  you  kind readers will send money to the publisher.  We
        will buy a ranch in Nevada.  There sex is legal and you will  be
        able to visit!
             If  any  man wants to be a woman let him move to the ranch.
        There he will be a woman for a year.   Then  if  she  wants  the
        operation we will get it for her.
             We  made  a  lot  of money from the movies!  When anyone we
        knew saw the movie they come over to join the fucking!
             This has gone on for 8 years and it is still the  most  en-
        joyable thing any of us has done.  We don't plan on stoping.  If
        you want to have this much fun write a  letter  to  the  editor.
        Maybe you can join us!
