Susan's Strapping

Susan Jennings was in a hurry.  She had had to stay late in
her last class to explain why she had done so badly in a test
and now she wanted to catch up with her friends in the
playground.  She ran at top speed down the corridor.  Just as
she was approaching the vestibule she rounded a corner - and
ran straight into Miss Wilkins!

Susan stopped dead, shocked at the collision.  The winded
Maths teacher grabbed at her stomach with one hand and at the
girl with her other.  It took her some time to recover her
breath before she addressed the girl.  "You need a lesson, my
girl!  More haste, less speed.  Come with me!"

As Miss Wilkins marched her away Susan felt awful.  The young
Maths mistress had a reputation as a stern disciplinarian and
was said to have a very heavy hand with a slipper.  Sue was
one of the better behaved girls in her class and had only been
slippered once.  That had been two years before, when she'd
been in the third year.  She had been called out for talking
in class after repeated warnings.  She still remembered how
much it hurt and how embarrassing it had been to bend over in
front of her class.

Miss Wilkins bundled the sixteen year old along roughly,
holding her by her shoulder.  When they reached her classroom
she pushed Susan in and followed her, closing the door behind
them.  Susan tried to stammer out an apology, but the teacher
did not appear even to listen to her as she went to her desk
and extracted a large white plimsoll.

"Remove your blazer, roll up your skirt and bend over one of
the desks at the front!" ordered the angry teacher.  Susan was
startled at this.  Running in the corridor was quite a minor
offence and most teachers would have been satisfied with a
telling off or lines.  She had thought that Miss Wilkins,
being so strict, might give her the slipper, but she had
expected to get it over her skirt like the last time.

"COME ON, GIRL!  Don't waste my time!"  Susan had no choice. 
Sullenly she took off her blazer and rolled up her blue
pleated skirt, revealing her regulation navy blue panties. 
Susan felt herself blushing as she slowly bent over the desk.

Miss Wilkins certainly wasted no time.  She walloped the
slipper down hard across Susan's left buttock.  Susan gasped
and her body shuddered at the sudden sting.  Seven full-bodied
whacks followed, each on alternate sides of the teenager's
bottom.  Miss Wilkins put the plimsoll down and told Susan
that she could stand up.  As she did so her skirt fell to
cover her smarting bottom.  Susan tried, nearly successfully,
to hold back the tears from her large blue eyes, but her hands
tenderly tried to comfort her painful behind through her
skirt.

"You can go now, but don't run!" the Maths teacher told her. 
Susan did not feel like running.  She walked to the toilets,
trying to avoid the glances of teachers and her schoolmates
who looked at her curiously.  When there she carefully washed
her face and then locked herself into a cubicle until most of
the sting had gone.  Finally after half of the lunch hour had
passed she ventured out into the playground to find her
friends who had wondered what had happened to her.

"That bitch Wilkins caught me running in the corridor," she
explained.  "She gave me the slipper."

"Oh, no!  You poor thing!" sympathised Gail Turner, "She
whacks the hardest; I think she enjoys hurting you.  How many
did you get?"

"Eight .  .  .  and she made me lift my skirt!  I'm going to
get my own back!"

Susan's friends didn't take this threat seriously.  But she
meant it.

*                          *                              *

The next day Susan arrived at school early and sneaked into
Miss Wilkins' classroom.  She had brought a screwdriver with
her and she carefully removed some screws from the teacher's
chair.  Susan was good with her hands and was one of the few
girls in the fifth year taking woodwork and metalwork.  Soon
she had fixed the chair so that anyone who sat in it would
fall to the ground.  Susan smiled, put the screwdriver in her
blazer pocket, and left the classroom.

Later that afternoon the news of an accident to Miss Wilkins
was all over the school.

"See, I told you I'd get her back!" Susan boasted to Gail.

"Oh, no!  Was that you, Sue?" exclaimed Gail excitedly, "You
are stupid.  She could have been badly hurt."

"Well, she hurt me!" said Susan defensively.

Unfortunately for Susan, Gail was not a good person to choose
to keep a secret.  At lunchtime Mrs Hind, the History teacher,
heard her telling another girl that it had been Sue who had
fixed Miss Wilkins' chair.  A little investigation served to
show that the Maths teacher had slippered Susan Jennings of 5B
the day before.  When Susan was confronted she still had the
screwdriver in her blazer pocket and she could not deny her
guilt for long.  She was ordered to report to the headmistress
at the start of afternoon break.

Susan knew that this meant the strap.  She had never had this
before, but she knew from the reports of other girls in her
class that it really hurt - a lot more than the slipper.  She
remembered when Gail had been sent for the strap the year
before and had come back still near tears and completely
unable to sit down.  Gail had said later that it hurt ten
times as much as the slipper.

Mrs Hind had told Susan that it had been Gail who had let her
secret out and Susan did not speak to her that afternoon.  She
was angry and resentful, and frightened that she would not be
able to take her punishment.  She had heard that some girls
had to be held down by the school secretary.  Also her bottom
had not yet completely recovered from her slippering of the
previous day and that was bound to accentuate the effect of
the punishment.

Susan knocked on the headmistress's door at the beginning of
afternoon break.  She heard Mrs Carter's stern voice telling
her to enter.  It was the first time Susan had ever been in
the headmistress's office but the scared teenager did not feel
like looking about her.  She stood in front of Mrs Carter's
desk biting her lower lip while her legs started to knock
against each other.

"Close the door, Susan!"

Susan jumped and, apologising hurriedly, obeyed.

Mrs Carter inspected the apprehensive fifth year standing
before her.  She looked almost as though butter would not melt
in her mouth, with her slim body and sweet face surmounted by
long blonde curls.  Her large blue eyes looked pleadingly at
the headmistress and her hands were cupped nervously by her
side almost as though ready to protect her bottom.

But Mrs Carter was not of a mind to be lenient with this young
lady.  She took a very dim view of practical jokes, especially
those which carried a risk of physical harm.  In this case it
was only through good fortune that Miss Wilkins had not been
seriously injured.  If she had been the headmistress would
have expelled Susan immediately with no second chances.  As it
was she would make sure that she received a sound strapping. 
Mrs Carter knew that Susan had never been sent for the strap
before, but the girl was no stranger to corporal punishment -
she had been slippered just the day before - and undoubtedly
she richly deserved a good hiding.

The headmistress tried to make the seriousness of her offence
clear to Susan.  She explained that Miss Wilkins could have
been very seriously injured.  Susan tried to defend herself by
saying that she thought that Miss Wilkins had punished her
unfairly the day before, but Mrs Carter was not impressed.

She said that if Susan had felt that it was unfair she should
have complained to her and that, in any event, she thought
that the punishment had been fully deserved.

Mrs Carter opened a drawer and took out a thick leather strap. 
She unwound it slowly and placed it on her desk.  Susan stared
at it, petrified.  It was dark brown, almost black, in colour
and was about two feet long and 1«" broad.  Despite its
thickness - it was about ¬" thick - it slithered across the
desk like a snake.  Its business end was split into two tails
about 9" or 10" long.  Susan shivered as she looked at it. 
She felt her regulation navy blue panties sticking to her
bottom.

"Move that stool into the middle of the room," Mrs Carter
ordered the trembling girl.  Susan obeyed, wondering as she
did so how many other girls had bent over that stool through
the years.

"Now remove your blazer and skirt, and bend over the stool!"

Susan turned one last pleading look to the headmistress and
then took off her blazer and placed it on the desk.  She
slipped off her shoes before removing her skirt and stood
still for a few seconds before stooping over the stool.  It
was so deeply humiliating to have to bend over in her navy
blue school panties and white knee-length socks.  She was
sixteen years old after all.

"Twelve strokes, girl!" said Mrs Carter grimly.

Susan gulped.  She hadn't expected anything like so many. 
Gail had only got six strokes and anything more than eight was
quite rare.  But Mrs Carter intended to make an example of
her.  Susan wanted to protest but she felt that if she opened
her mouth she would be sick.

Out of the corner of her eye she saw Mrs Carter raise the
strap.  She screwed her eyes closed and gripped the crossbar
of the stool tightly.  The strap slashed down, its two tails
separating as it fell, to cover nearly the whole of Susan's
blue-pantieed bottom. 

CRACK!!

The force of the blow almost unbalanced Susan.  Then the pain
hit her.  It hurt horribly.  Gail had been right.  That one
stroke hurt as much as her entire slippering of the day
before.  And she still had eleven to come!  She would never be
able to take it.  She felt tears come to her eyes.

As she raised the strap again Mrs Carter noted that areas of
the girl's bottom-flesh unprotected by her school panties were
already beginning to redden.

CRACK!!

This time Susan let her feelings go and squealed loudly with
pain.  Her legs kicked out and she desperately tried to think
of anything other than the unbelievable pain in her nether
regions.  Mrs Carter smiled faintly and raised the strap.

CRACK!!

The strap splatted across Susan's blue panties, denting them
deeply into her tender flesh.  Again Susan yelled.  Her
knuckles whitened as she gripped the bar even tighter in a
vain attempt to ease the pain.

CRACK!!

The fourth stroke seemed to hurt even more than the first
three.  Pain surged through her body.  She no longer felt
sick; the pain was beyond that.  Now it didn't die down at all
after each stroke but continued to burn and pulsate through
her.  She cried out in deep, panting breaths.

CRACK!!

"N-n-n-n-nooooooo!" hissed Susan, shaking her head wildly.

"Stay still, girl!" warned Mrs Carter.  Susan's legs were now
moving constantly.

CRACK!!!

It was too much.  Susan howled in pain and lost her grip on
the bar.  Her hands went to her outraged bottom and she half
straightened.  She could feel wide swelling weals through the
thin cotton of her panties.  Mrs Carter waited patiently,
flicking the strap against her own legs.  When the sobbing
girl made no effort to resume her position, Mrs Carter
addressed her.

"Come on Susan.  Back over the stool.  If I have to call Miss
Atkinson in to hold you it will mean extra strokes."

"No!  Please!"

"Bend over!" the headmistress ordered inexorably.

Stiffly the tearful girl bent back down over the stool.  Sue
was determined to be as brave as she could be and to take her
punishment.  After all she knew that she wasn't the first girl
to take a 'twelver' from Mrs Carter, and she wouldn't be the
last.  All the others had survived so she would as well! 
Susan's one hope was that it just couldn't hurt any more. 
Surely this was the maximum pain level and her bottom would be
numb to future strokes.

She soon found out that she was wrong!  Mrs Carter was an
expert with the strap and each of the next four strokes
brought a wild cry of pain from the teenage girl.  Susan
couldn't stay in position and leapt up after each stroke.  But
Mrs Carter was prepared for this.  She knew that any girl,
even the biggest sixth formers, found it hard to stay bent
over after more than six of the best from her strap and she
was prepared to wait.

Susan was now sobbing uncontrollably, but she knew she had no
choice and somehow she managed to force herself each time to
get back across the stool and to present her supremely painful
bottom for yet another stroke.

Mrs Carter paused for a while as Susan resumed her place after
the tenth stroke.  The headmistress intended the two last
strokes to be truly memorable.  Deliberately she laid one of
the strap's 'tails' atop the other.  She knew how much this
would intensify the sting.  Then she whacked the strap down
with full force, using the strength of her whole body, below
the previously punished area across the tops of Susan's
unprotected thighs.

CRACK!!!

Susan's head shot up and she let out a scream of pain that
seemed to come from deep inside her.  That stroke had hurt
more than twice as much as any of the others.  Then she jumped
up again and danced madly around the office, her hands waving
wildly as she emitted Indian-style war whoops.

Mrs Carter grabbed her by the arm.  "I've not finished yet,
young lady!" she reminded her.  "Get back over the stool!"

Susan hardly believed any longer that this nightmare would
end, but she automatically obeyed.  Small movements hurt
dreadfully and it was some time before Mrs Carter was
satisfied with her position.  The headmistress could see the
mark left by that last stroke glowing bright red across
Susan's thighs.  She nodded her head.  Susan Jennings would
not forget this strapping for a long time to come.

Once again the headmistress carefully placed one of the
leather tails onto the other.  She took aim and then whipped
the strap down again so as to land on exactly the same place
as the last.      

CRACK!!!

The effect was devastating.  Susan leapt a good foot into the
air and came down in an untidy heap on the floor, howling
wildly.  Mrs Carter deposited the strap on her desk and waited
a moment or two for the sobbing teenager to recover herself. 
When there was no change she extended an arm and half dragged
Susan to her feet.  Susan couldn't believe the pain.  Her
whole mind and body was centred in that hot, throbbing mass of
flesh extending from the small of her back to the tops of her
thighs.

"Return the stool to its place and get dressed," the
headmistress ordered.

It took Susan a long time to obey.  Every movement was agony. 
While she was dressing Mrs Carter made out a slip giving
details of Susan's punishment for her to take home and give to
her parents to sign.

When Susan had finally managed to replace her clothing Mrs
Carter gave her the note and dismissed her, expressing a hope
that she had learned a lesson.  Susan hobbled to the door with
both hands tightly clasped to the seat of her pleated skirt. 
She took short steps and even these caused increased pain as
her tortured buttocks rubbed together.  Only when she reached
the door did she remove one hand to turn the handle.

Susan made her slow and tearful way down the corridor.  Break
was over and she was relieved that no one would see her.  But
just around the corner Gail Turner was waiting for her.

"Oh, God!  Susan!" she said when she saw her friend, "I'm so
sorry!  It's all my fault!"

Susan shook her head and tried to smile.  She looked ghastly. 
Gail moved forward and hugged her friend to her tenderly.

"You got the strap?" she asked.  Susan nodded, silently.

"How many?"  Susan held up both hands and then another two
fingers.  She didn't want to speak.  Every time she opened her
she couldn't restrain involuntary whimpers of pain.

"Oh, no!  That's awful!  I'm really sorry!  Please don't hate
me!  I didn't mean to give you away!"

Bravely Susan decided to reply to her chum.  "Owwww . . . no,
it's not your fault . . . aaagh . . . it was just rotten luck. 
Oh Christ!  It hurts!"

"I've got to go, Sue.  I'm late already.  Maggie's expecting
you to be late, but I haven't got an excuse.  I really am
sorry!"

Susan stood still for a while after her friend's departure. 
Then she followed, walking more slowly.  The pain was slightly
more bearable now but the odd tear still managed to trickle
down her cheeks.  When she arrived at her class she saw Gail
standing at the front facing the wall.  She found out later
that she'd got six whacks from the teacher's ruler for being
late.  Susan knew it was wrong of her but somehow she couldn't
help feeling slightly glad that Gail's bottom had not escaped
altogether.  Miss Temple took one look at Susan and then told
her to stand quietly at the back of the class.

Susan's parents were very angry when she showed them Mrs
Carter's note after school.  They both agreed that Susan had
deserved the strap for what she'd done even though it had been
so completely out of character, but Mr Jennings thought that
twelve strokes was a bit harsh.  They decided not to complain,
however, and signed the note.

Next day, at assembly, Susan was called out to stand on the
stage and Mrs Carter told the whole school what she had done
and how she had been punished.
