                               SUSPENDED
                                    
               Copyright @1994 Seldon-Rush Partners, Ltd.
     
     Ever since I put away the last freshly washed and dried dish from
our most recent supper, I have felt a burning need inside of me.  I
don't know why I should feel this way except maybe that He hasn't hurt
me in days.  We've made love.  We've been close in all of the other ways
we know.  But He hasn't hurt me - and the need in me has grown steadily
until now, standing here alone in my kitchen in front of the sparkling
clean and empty sink, I find that my legs and arms are trembling
slightly, and my belly quakes with butterflies and tension.

     What I wouldn't do to be alone with Him now!  To be able to tell
Him of my need.  To be able to see the fire begin to burn in His eyes as
He begins to understand and plan His pleasure with me.

     But the children are there in the living room with Him - watching a
video tape of an old favorite movie that Jason and I approve of.  "War
Games." My little girl doesn't mind it, even enjoys some of the things
that happen in the movie.  But my son loves it.  He loves the games, the
computer, the war simulations.  A hawk in a home of doves, yet He is my
son and I love to see Him enjoying something and being able to discuss
it with us afterwards.

     And we do, you know, discuss the movies, and the books, and the
plays we expose our children to.  And in discussing these things with
our children, we learn about them in ways they could never suspect -
things we would never have guessed.

     But as long as the children are there, my need will continue to
burn inside of me like a ember glowing hotly, eating away at me, searing
me.

     I steady myself, with a foolish smile on my face.  "Get a grip,
Jan," and it's almost enough to wake me.  I've been drifting, as usual,
while doing the dishes.  It takes no thought to wash dishes and because
of the way I felt inside, the water in which I did the dishes was a
little hotter than usual - enough to make my fingers and palms tingle
with the heat each time I dipped them into it.  The feeling of heat, the
feeling of the pain, sent me drifting off into day dreams about night
things - and my body responded by getting hungry in spite of the fine
food we had just eaten.

     "Get a grip", and I moved slowly into the living room to join my
family in their appreciation of a >fine art.< >grin<

     But the steadiness left me the moment I saw my Husband sitting
comfortably in His recliner.  I took a quick glance at the children,
smiling to each in turn as they caught my eye, but then I locked eyes
with my Husband for a moment and, I think, He caught the hesitation in
my mood.

     "I wish you had let us help you with the dishes, Janni," He said.
I tossed off my usual refrain to that suggestion and went over to His
chair, sitting on the floor in front of Him, with my back pressed up
back against His chair between His legs.  The children took no notice -
mommy wasn't someone who always sat on the couch or chairs, she often
played with them or sat with them on the floor.

     As we watched the movie, I found myself taking Jason's shoes off
and massaging His feet one at a time almost absently.  I knew He liked
for me to do that - He spends a lot of time on His feet at work and has
often either soaked His feet in the evenings, or sat there massaging
them Himself.  He noted my efforts in a quiet way, leaning forward
slightly to run His fingers through my hair and massaging my scalp the
way I like for Him to do.

     I guess I must have uttered a little groan - and when I opened my
eyes, I saw my little girl looking at me and smiling.  I could feel the
heat of an instant blush prickling my ears as I shook myself back to the
moment.

     "Hm, that feels GOOD, hon.  Thank you." Talking to Jason, I was
really talking to the children.  I was embarrassed that I had
unintentionally made myself known to them that way.

     "For me too, Janni.  But don't quit now." I realized I had stopped
kneading His feet the moment I'd groaned so I resumed my attentions to
Him hoping to shake myself loose of this feeling before too long.

     I really can't tell you what I did for the next half hour or so.  I
don't remember doing anything consciously except to now and then squeeze
my Husband's feet a bit during the movie.  But whatever happened,
consciously or unconsciously, He knew that I wasn't comfortable - and
why.

     Twenty minutes before the end of the movie, Jason looked over at
the children for a moment ( I couldn't see Him do so as I was still on
the floor facing away from Him - but it's something I've seen Him do
often before when considering what to do next ) and then reach down and
cup my neck in His hands.  Slowly, He massaged my shoulders lightly by
running His hands along the tops of my shoulders.  Once, twice, He
passed His fingers lightly across them and my skin tingled with instant
goose flesh at their passage.

     I glanced over at the children and knew that they were still
engrossed in the video when I felt Jason's fingers grip my neck and
begin to tighten ever so slightly.  My heartbeat jumped several beats
when He increased the pressure slowly but persistently and when I felt
the pressure begin to hamper my breathing - I closed my eyes and lowered
my head slightly in His grip.

     It was enough.  It was enough to tell Him exactly what kind of a
mood I was in and the pressure disappeared slowly and I felt His hands
come to rest on my shoulders.

     "Janni, we need to get the tax papers together for the weekend.
Would you mind going through the monthly files and organizing the bills
for me tonight?  I can do some of the accounting after work tomorrow if
you can give me the numbers to crunch."

     The children weren't paying any attention to us - the computer was
running war simulations and the nuclear bombs were about to strike out
bases in Alaska and Nebraska - so I twisted my torso around in my
sitting position and looked into His eyes.  I didn't think.  There was
no time to think.  But in the manner I had always had when hearing a
request from the Man I loved, I said "Sure, hon.  Do you want to show me
how you want me to organize the files for you?"

     "I'll be right back," Jason said to the children.  I turned and
rose to my feet and followed Jason down to the basement where the filing
cabinet containing our bills, and papers was.

     "Don't say a word," He said to me.  And I obeyed.

     All of a sudden, I wished I'd taken a bath earlier, or that I'd
worn something different, or that I'd in some way prepared myself for
the possibility I had hoped for so avidly.  But I hadn't.

     I stood in the room without moving, without saying anything.

     "You have a need tonight, don't you, Janni?" I didn't answer Him.
I knew I wasn't supposed to.  It was a rhetorical question and all He
needed to do was look into my eyes to know the truth of His statement.
"I'll bet you think that because the children are upstairs watching
television that you won't have to undergo any loving tonight.  That's a
shame, Janni, you couldn't be more wrong.  I'm sure we can accommodate
your need without disturbing the children."

     "Spread your feet."

     He came to me, standing to my side, and He pushed his hand down
into the waistband of my jeans forcing his fingers down and over my
mons.  Without moving aside the material of my panties, He pushed the
flat of his finger up on the material forcing it between my labia and I
looked into his face as his finger pushed the material against my
clitoris.

     "Does massaging my feet make you this wet, Janni?" I could feel the
blush spread across my face again but I said nothing.

     He withdrew his hand from my pants and lifting his fingers to his
nose, he made a show of taking a sniff - making me uncomfortable again -
and said "You really do smell hot tonight, Janni.  Really hot."

     He went over to the desk and pulled the office chair out for
Himself.  Sitting back in it, He told me to slowly take off my shoes and
pants - but to leave the panties and blouse on.  I did as He asked.
Enjoying greatly the feelings running through me and hoping the same
kind of hunger was beginning to grow inside of Him.  I took my shoes off
first - then I slipped off my jeans.  I roughly folded the jeans up and
placed them on the floor next to me, shoes on top.  I stood there for a
moment, not knowing what to do with my hands, and waited for Him to tell
me what He wanted me to do.

     "Just hold your hands at your sides and turn slowly for me," He
said, and I complied knowing that the sight of me like this always
turned Him on.  I've seen Him look at art in the same way He looks at
me.  As though the looking alone satisfies a need in Him.  Slowly, I
turned a little and stopped, turned a little more and stopped.  Again
and again I would move, stop and pose for Him.  Letting Him see me from
every aspect like this made me feel good inside too.  I knew from my
talks with other women that few men seemed to appreciate their wives as
much as Jason appreciated me.

     For His part, I've often asked Him to do the same for me.  I too,
enjoyed watching His body standing or sitting, laying or moving this way
and that.
 
     "Put your ankle and wrist cuffs on, Janni."

     And though I always preferred for Him to do this to me, I did what
I was told.

     From my most distant memories, I'd always tied myself up in various
ways to experience bondage when there was no one in my life to do these
things to me.  It never failed to turn me on.  It never failed to
satisfy on some level the cravings inside of me.

     But the moment I had someone else to bind me, binding myself lost
much of its magic.  Just Jason's touch on my wrist before adding the
leather, or the rope, or the metal cuff could send me into a swoon.

     And always, the first touch of the material that would hold me made
me weak and defenseless.  I remembered again the first time that Jason
had hesitantly taken one of his neckties and looped it loosely around my
wrist.  He had hesitated, looking at me deeply to see if this was really
what I wanted, and what He saw had shocked Him.  The touch of the
material had transformed me so completely that I actually LOOKED
different to Him.

     And inside, I felt completely different.  The touch of the silk had
turned me into a slave inside - and it was a feeling that I relished.

     I took the leather cuffs out of the drawers of the chest we'd
stored in the basement for the purpose of holding our bondage supplies.
It was an old, cedar four drawer clothes chest that served our purposes
well - and could be >locked< up (again Jason's ingenuity had turned it
into a kind of filing cabinet like case that could be effectively locked
by a bar slipped through the handles and locked at the top) so the
children couldn't get into it.

     Sitting down on the floor in front of my Husband, I first put the
thicker, wider leather cuffs around each ankle, tightening them securely
in place.  Then with a little more difficulty, I placed the leather
cuffs around my wrists and tightened them too.

     Getting up onto my knees, I turned myself around so that I was
kneeling sideways to Jason and I sat back on my ankles and laid my body
down over my lap, putting my face sideways on the floor as I crossed my
wrists in the small of my back.  In this position of submission, I
waited.

     Jason got up out of his chair, going over to the chest of drawers
and opening up the bottom drawer.  My heart jumped - the bottom drawer
held many of the paddles with which Jason had beaten me in the past.  My
heart was correct, I saw Him withdraw one of the longer, heavier paddles
- almost the size of a cricket bat - and when He slid the drawer closed
and came walking over to me, I felt the first real tinges of fear deep
inside of me.

     Jason walked around behind me where I couldn't see Him.

     "Don't move." That was all He said.  And I didn't.  I waited and I
waited.  I could feel Him watching me, but I heard nothing but the
loudness of my own heartbeat and the susurration of my own breathing.

     When I felt the first rustle of his clothing, I almost physically
braced myself against the expected impact - but the impact didn't come.
From the sounds I heard, I thought Jason might have gotten down to the
floor behind me, but I couldn't tell.  When I felt the touch of His hand
smoothing the material of my panties over the mounds of my buttocks, I
moaned out loud with the sensation that his touch brought me.  In a
circular motion, he moved his hands over both hemispheres of my bottom,
giving me pleasure and warming my body.  When He slipped his hands under
me to feel my pussy - I felt myself actually oozing fluids into my
panties.

     "Pick your bottom up for me."

     Without moving my knees, or my face, I straightened my legs raised
my bottom up into the air and exposing my rump for Jason's pleasure, and
the touch of the paddle.  Again the rustling of clothes, but this time
the rustling obviously moved away from me.

     "You will stay there until I return", He said and He walked past me
out the door and up the stairs to the first floor.

     AAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGHH!!!!!!!!!!!

     I had been ready for anything.  I had dreaded anything.  I had
wanted everything.  And He had simply LEFT ME HERE!!!

     I obeyed Him though.  I stayed exactly as He had left me.  Not
because I was afraid of what He might do or think if He returned to find
me in another position - but because I loved Him and wanted to do
anything He told me to do as part of my fantasy and lovestyle.

     I help my position, feeling the chill on my labia as the wet
material of my panties cooled and dried in the air of our basement.
Wanting very badly to touch myself there, I fought the need with every
fiber of my being.  I am not allowed to touch myself EVER without His
permission and I had not broken that rule for quite a while now.  I was
learning discipline at His hands, and I was beginning to appreciate the
joy that such deprivation could bring me.

     When He returned about fifteen minutes later, He picked up the
paddle quickly and walked over to me without preamble.

     "Cross your ankles, Janni, and spread your knees as far as you can.
Good.  Now put your arms through between your thighs and grip your
ankles."

     When I got my hands close to my ankles, He snapped the rings of my
wrist cuffs together to my ankle cuffs locking me into this butt upright
exposed position.  When He stood back up, I knew my waiting was coming
to an end.

     "Do you have to go to the bathroom?", He asked.  For just a moment,
I hesitated thinking that I really SHOULD have gone first and so, in
spite of my desire to be here doing this, I said "Yes" meekly.

     "Tough shit!" He retorted abruptly and at that moment I heard the
loud swish of the paddle just a split second before I felt the power of
the impact on my bottom.

     "Ahhh!" Unintentionally, I found myself rolling over onto my side
with the pain of the impact.  Unbelievable pain seared through me as the
wood struck and it was all I could do not to scream out loud.

     I could never have expected this!  With the children awake and only
a floor away I surely didn't expect my Husband to hit me so hard and so
painfully.  I found myself whimpering instantly over the pain and
discomfort but the moment passed quickly.

     "Stay right there, little my pain cushion.  I'll take care of the
children and be back in a little while.  Tonight, Jan, I'm going to give
you >exactly< what you want." And off He went.

   ô Time passes slowly when I'm bound and throbbing from a 
   õ paddle strike.....  But I love the feeling of it all....

     When He returned and hour or more later, He found me still lying on
my side on the carpeted floor.  I had, after a fashion, napped lightly
going in and out of a sleep reality dream sequence in which I was beaten
repeatedly by Him who had captured me.

     Jason unsnapped my wrists from ankles and helped me to slowly stand
up.  I was a little cramped up because of my tightly bound position for
so long, but my muscles responded correctly to all of the orders my
brain sent, and I found myself standing before my Husband, hands at my
sides, as He began to unbutton my blouse.

     The lethargy of my rest began to leave me quickly.  And now that I
was standing, the muscles of my buttocks echoed mildly with the
throbbing pain they'd known only recently.  I was still wet down under.
Even in my napping, I had continued to flow with the juices of
excitement that my bonds engendered.

     Slipping my blouse off my shoulders, Jason undressed me slowly like
a loving parent taking care of a pre-school child.  And I, with my head
bowed forward, allowed my body to be bared at His whim.  He unfastened
my bra and as He pushed the straps over my shoulders, I shrugged the
garment off for Him and saw Him place it on the pile of clothes on the
floor next to us.

     The panties He left on me.  He has told me before that in many ways
He found me as erotically attractive with clothes as without and
sometimes He would ask me to keep various articles of clothing on even
as we made soft love in bed.  I knew this kind of teasing to be very
effective on Him and so I catered to it at every opportunity.

     He moved to the center of the room where the pulleys and ropes of
our suspension devices were centered.  Crooking a finger in my
direction, he motioned me over with his digit and when I came to His
side, He positioned me under the pulleys in the way He liked best.

     "Sit." The command told me how I would be suspended - basically.
If I were to be suspended upright, He would simply have lowered the
ropes and snaps and affixed them to my wrists.  Having to sit under the
pulleys meant that He would suspend me in an inverted position, raising
my feet off the floor first and raising my body upward that way.

     When He pulled the ropes down through the side-placed pulleys above
us, I knew that I wouldn't be held simply straight up.  He affixed the
snaps onto the rings of my leather ankle cuffs and I knew I would be
suspended with my legs spread.  The paddle had not been put away, so my
body began to tremble with the real fear of the pain that was to come.

     Moving behind me, He snapped my wrist cuffs together and told me to
lay down.  I did so, reclining back onto my cuffed wrists, arching my
back to accommodate them.  My legs splayed out in front of me, I watched
Jason pick up the remote control for the pulley motors and I heard the
whirr of the motors begin as the ropes began to inch their way back up
toward the ceiling, through the eyes of the pulleys, and to the sides of
the room where the winch motor was located.

     I smiled inwardly as I remembered the way Jason and my son had come
down here in the beginning to put the pulley system in together.  And
later, when Jason and my oldest boy used the winch to raise our son's go
cart up off the floor in order to work on its underside "like the real
garages do", I had been impressed by my Husband's ability to cover our
activities with plausible explanations.

     I felt the tug on my ankles as the ropes took up the slack and my
feet began to rise toward the ceiling.  When my legs were up high enough
to begin lifting my bottom from the floor, Jason stepped in behind me
and lifted my torso upward as my legs rose.  I could feel the extra pull
on my groin and crotch as my legs went higher and were split by the
separating pulleys, exposing me and forcing my body to uncover its
secrets.

     Jason let my shoulders go gently as my body rose high enough and I
felt myself dangling at the ends of the ropes still rising from the
floor.  When I was high enough, Jason stopped the motors and I hung
there waiting for his next pleasure.

     Taking the bolts from a box on the desk, Jason began to screw the
big eye-bolts into holes He had made in the flooring earlier.  This the
one thing we could leave in the floor all of the time, the bolts had to
be removed after every session because they were a hazard and because we
hadn't been able to come up with an explanation for their presence to
the children.

     It took Him only a few moments to place them into the floor and
when He was done, He unfastened my wrists and attached specially made
elastic bands from each wrist to each of the floor bolts.  Then, using
the winch once more, He raised my legs even higher so that any slack in
the elastic bands would be taken up and I would actually be stretched in
all four directions at once in a giant human X shape.

     If I pulled with all of my strength, I could pull on my wrists for
only an inch or two, that's how tight the bands were.  Yet, the pull was
not overly painful to my joints and my legs were in superb shape and my
weight and the added pull of the bands didn't bother them at all.

     With my body stretched out before Him, Jason began to consider His
next move.  I knew that most of this was an act - I think He always knew
exactly what He wanted to do before He started.  It was a trait I had
seen in Him in many aspects of our life.  He planned things out in
advance, then could adapt as the situation changed.  But He never
started anything He didn't know how He was going to proceed.

     So I waited and looked at Him from my strange vantage point,
slightly twisting in my bonds in order to alleviate some of my inner
tension - and in some way excite some of that same tension in Him.  He
enjoyed watching my body flex this way and that - that's what He always
told me - and I liked doing anything that made Him feel good.

     Kneeling down in front of my torso, Jason put his arms around my
upper body and pulled me to Himself as He covered my breasts with kisses
and light bites.  He needn't have bothered, I was already as ready as my
body could be but the love bites on my tender flesh sent shivers of
pleasure through me.

     Concentrating for a little while on my nipples, Jason first pulled
at them with his lips - sucking each in turn for a few seconds to make
them as tall as possible - then He bit down on them, with some pressure,
that made me cry out slightly with the desired pain.  Twice, He bit each
of my nipples with enough force to make me cry out and I realized as I
did so that He was gaging the pressure of his bite and its effect by my
reaction.  If I had been able to keep my silence, the strength of his
bite would be greater.

     And I was ashamed to admit to myself that I wouldn't find myself
holding back my reactions to get more pain.  At least not yet.  >grin<

     Rising to his feet, Jason rubbed his hand across my belly in a
circular motion that He knew I loved so much.  A relaxing, warming
sensation, his touch eased the memory of the pain on my nipples though
they still tingled with the memory of his teeth pinching them tightly.

     He raised both of his hands to my legs then rubbing the outside,
front and back of them up and down from mid-calf to hip and back.  I
think He savored the feel of my skin and it was as pleasant for Him as
it was for me.  I loved the way his hands would warm the skin they
touched and move on.  It was a feeling so reassuring I couldn't imagine
ever living without it again.

     When his hands moved to the inside of my legs and slowly worked
their way up and down (going slightly lower each time the moved
downward) I felt the teasing beginning to drive me over the edge.
Without even having Him touch my pussy, I was feeling myself climbing to
the plateau of sexual tension that would inevitably result in orgasm.
Up and up I went as his hands went down and down on me.  When He finally
did put one of his hands flat across my panty covered lips, I arched my
back and strained every muscle in my legs clenching myself up against
his hand trying to increase the pressure of his touch.

     His chuckle at my frustration brought a smile to my face too, but I
didn't speak.  I hadn't been given permission to do so and I wouldn't do
so until told I could.

     "Ok, my little cheating slut, (ever since Harry had had me, Jason
had used that word in our love making to goad me on), you asked for it."

     And with that, He picked up the heavy paddle once more and walked
around to my left side.  Standing with his feet straddling the elastic
band holding my left arm stretched to the floor behind Him, Jason put
the paddle gently against my bottom gauging the distance and angles
involved, then He pulled back and was (I thought) about to take a swing
at me when He abruptly stopped and said "Oh, sorry, forgot something."

     Then He showed me the gag and told me to open my mouth and spoke
again.  "Wouldn't want the children to hear, now, would we?" He even had
a smile on His face - something that now I found frightening from the
Man I once thought too gentle to slap me across the face let alone beat
me with a wooden paddle!

     The soft rubber ball filled my mouth and effectively stopped me
from voicing any protests, or sounds of pain.  It didn't take Him long,
He had grown expert in applying this device to my body, and He was up
and standing ready again when I took my last free and easy breath and
turned my head away from Him so that I wouldn't have to see the first
impact coming.

     I jerked involuntarily when He again touched me gently with the
cool wood of the paddle, and when the touch stopped, I braced myself for
the imminent pain.

     THWACK!

     The pain was not as great as it had been the first time He had
struck me tonight.  Or is it that I was much more prepared for the Pain
and in much greater excitation?  Though the impact on my bottom actually
pushed me forward in my bonds with its force, the pain of the first hit
was surprisingly easy to assimilate.  I was marvelling at the apparent
discrepancy in what I expected and what I received when the second
impact flamed my behind.  A third, and a fourth came rapidly in
succession and washed away all thoughts of how easy I seemed to be
getting off.

     The pain filled me.  Washed over and through me.  Made me clench
every muscle in my body in the hopes of unfocusing my attention from my
bottom where all of the hurt was centered.  He hit me ten times.  Ten
times as inexorable as any punishment I had ever felt.  Not nine times,
not eleven times.  Though I hadn't counted the swings, I could
immediately recall and describe each and every one of them.  Ten swats
of a heavy wooden paddle that had shocked and hurt me - and had sent me
right into the first of my night's orgasms with four swats to spare.

     How shameful I felt!  Again, pain had given me physical, sexual
release in ways I could never explain.  And no matter how painful, every
stroke that came after the beginning of my orgasm brought pure pleasure
to me.  Unbelievable that pain could so be transmuted into pleasure, but
it was happening to me again and again at my Husband's touch.

     My eyes clenched tightly shut, I never heard my Husband move until
I felt his hand on my sex.  Slipping his fingers under the material of
my panties, I felt Him touch my clitoris holding his finger there,
waiting.  I felt another reflexive spasm of pleasure hurtle through me
and I knew that he now knew what I knew.  His finger could sense the
pulsations of my orgasm as clearly as though I were telling Him of my
pleasure.

     "Very nice, Janni, very nice."

     Walking back to the dresser, I could hear Jason putting the paddle
back in the bottom drawer, and heard Him rummaging around looking for
something.  When He returned to me, He stood in front of me and I saw
the short leather thonged whip He had fashioned for me out of leather
shoe laces and I quivered with the memory of the feel of that instrument
against my skin.  Each thong, thin and cut out of leather hide, was
square cut so that each thong had four edges with which to bite into my
skin.  Of all of the whips that Jason and I had found, bought, or made -
this one was the only one that stung and left marks each time we used
it.  Lightly, or forcefully, the edges always seemed to redden the skin
and if used too forcefully, could cut the skin.

     I watched Him as He drew the thongs through His left hand, and I
wondered at where He would touch me with his new toy.

     I didn't have too long to wonder.  With my sopping panties my only
cover and defense, I saw Him raise the whip and bring it gently down
between my legs onto my sex.  There was not enough strength in my arms
or legs to fight against the pull of the elastic bands and gravity and
all I could do was flex my thigh muscles and twist my wrists and ankles
in their restraints as I felt the leather trace across me.  No pain,
just the touch.

     The next time He brought the whip down on my sex He wasn't as
gentle and I felt one of the thongs bite into the soft area between my
labia and my leg.  Still, the force was mild and I felt the surge of
sexual tension at my expectations of what I expected to follow.

     When the whip went up for the third time, I braced myself inwardly
- Jason never warmed up more than twice - and it wasn't as much of a
shock when the whip landed on my body trailing strands of fire across my
labia.

     "Do you like that, Jan?  I'm glad, because I have a real need to
take those panties off of you with this......"

     I couldn't believe my ears.  For a moment, I think I actually
believed that he was going to tear the panties off my my bottom with a
whip!  But rational thought took over and I knew that no matter how bad
it would get, Jason was not the kind of man to cut me up with a leather
whip.

     The fourth lash of the whip changed my mind!  God it hurt!!

     "Let's say ten lashes, my little slut, what do you say?"

     One, two, three, four, etc.  One after another, with equal force to
the last, each of the thongs bit into me on every strike and when three
times, the thongs chanced to find their way through my spread lips and
directly onto my clitoris, I came violently and forcefully with my own
release!

     I felt the fluid of my lust trickling out of me and back over my
little hole.  I knew that if it hadn't been for the panties, my cum
would now by flowing down my back in a rivulets snaking their tickling
way down my body.

     Again the magic number ten must have come up because I heard the
silence settle when the whip stopped flying through the air.

     Again, Jason slipped his fingers into my now sodden panties and
felt the evidence of my pleasure even as the last gasps of my last
orgasm throbbed through my clit.

     I felt the tug on my gag before I realized He had moved around
behind me.  I admit it, I was in a daze.  The relief of the orgasms that
had gone through me was complete and my eyes closed more than they
opened as I savored the feelings moving through me.  He unfastened the
gag from behind my head, then carefully helped me to remove the rubber
ball from my mouth.  I gingerly worked my jaw enough to restore its
natural range of motion again, then I croaked out "I love you, Jason,
thank you my darling."

     "What?  You think I'm finished?" The tone in his voice was
absolutely straight and I couldn't know whether He was serious or not
but to me, and to my body, either option was enjoyable and I would go
with whatever He chose to do.

     Bringing the office chair around to me, He sat down in front of me
and took the remote to activate the winch again.  This time lowering me,
I saw his intention even before He voiced it to me.  Lowering my body
enough to put my face in line with the chair, He unfastened his pants
and took them off, baring Himself from the waist down.  Then pushing his
bottom out to the edge of the chair, He pushed his upturned penis out
and into my mouth where I hungrily took Him in and begin to do
everything I could manage to give him pleasure.

     From my angle, I ran my tongue along the bottom of his penis and
around and over his glans.  Without being able to use my hands, I had to
depend on Him to hold Himself in my mouth and to move Himself when it
suited Him.  I took him in as deeply as I could, and I worked my lips
and tongue against Him in every way I had ever learned.

     With my eyes looking only at his scrotum and bottom, I didn't know
it when he again picked up the little thonged whip but I found out about
it abruptly when He once again brought it down against my sex from his
sitting position.  My small bite on his penis when I reacted to the pain
of the thongs told Him something He should have guessed before - never
surprise a woman that way when you've got your penis between her teeth!

     I can smile about it now, but I was terrified for a moment when I
reacted to the pain and then reacted to the realization that in clamping
my teeth together I could really have hurt my Husband.  I must not have
hurt Him, though, because I felt another impact on my flesh without
pause.  Then another and another.  I felt myself working hard to
concentrate on HIS pleasure while He was giving so much of MY pleasure.
In my attentions to him, I sucked harder and harder on his cock trying
to make Him give up some of his life fluid to me.  I found myself
hungering for the slightly salty, slightly sour taste of Him and I
worked diligently to be given my reward.

     The whip on my pussy continued throughout my oral sex on Him and
more than once I felt close to cumming again, but each time I thought
the next stroke would put me over the edge, the stroke didn't come.
Thinking about it all now, I can't imagine that Jason could read my body
so well that He knew when to strike and not to strike, but whether
through his remarkable perceptions, or plain serendipity - my orgasms
were thwarted and I felt myself building up again to higher and higher
levels of want.

     And this time, the want was not assuaged.  I had felt my last
orgasm for the night, but I didn't know it then.  I felt my Husband's
muscles tense and for a moment I was gagged by his thrusting forward
into my mouth but I help my own and continued to suck on Him as I felt
the first drops of sperm spurt spasmodically into my mouth.  Holding Him
with the only thing I could, my mouth, I clenched my lips around the
circumference of Him and pulled on Him, sucking, emptying, swallowing
his essence and making myself the receptacle of his manhood for now and
forever.

     Through the moments that I felt Him cumming into my mouth, I also
heard his sighs and grunts of relief.  It has always been these animal
sounds that I have loved the most about my quiet, reserved and proper
Husband.  >grin<

     "Again, Janni, very nice.  Very nice.  I hope this evening has been
as good for you as it has been for me - I'm going to go take a shower
now.  Why don't you just hang loose for a while (smile) and I'll be back
for you later."

     I could hear Him lock the door leading downstairs when He closed it
behind him and left me hanging there in the darkness.  I suppose that
there is some logic in turning out the lights on a woman who is
suspended - it's not like she's going to bump into anything - right?

     So I hung there.  For an unknown length of time I hung from the
ceiling savoring all that had happened to me so far and dreaming of what
might still be in store.  Though I knew that the next day was a work
day, my Husband never ceased to surprise me and I couldn't help but
think that I was still not through for the evening.



              Copyright @1994 Seldon-Rush Partners, Ltd.  
                      Presented for your enjoyment
             With permission from my Husband who loves me 
       And my Master, Harry Seldon, who has dominion over my body
      And my Master, Bill Majors, who possesses my heart and soul.
