Archive-name: 3plus/sustarts.txt
Archive-author: Steve Edwards
Archive-title: Susan Starts ...


       ***** The Complete "Susan Starts ...." ***** 
Copyright Steve Edwards, March 1993. 

Warning: The following is a work of fiction, which hopefully you will find 
erotic.  All characters and places are figments of the author's imagination and
any resemblence to real events is purely coincidental. It contains explicit 
material not suitable for minors. If you decide to engage in sexual activities, please follow safe sex guidelines.

It may be distributed electronically, but only with these disclaimers and 
byline attached. It may not be sold for profit, except by me.


                                  Susan Starts ...
                                  Parts 1 & 2

          1. Saturday Night

            Susan woke with a start. What was that noise? Where was
          she? Almost as quickly as the questions formed, the answers
          came. The noise was a quiet thumping sound coming from her
          neighbour's room, and she was in her new college room.

            She'd only arrived yesterday for her first term, and she
          had yet to make any friends. Actually, although she would
          hate for anyone else to know, she had cried a little with
          homesickness when her parents and younger brother had driven
          off, after having unloaded all her things and helped her get
          established in her room. The sense of loneliness after they
          had gone was impossible to shake off, and she'd decided that
          she couldn't face trying to make friends last night so she'd
          retired to bed earlier than she had in years, and she'd
          quickly fallen asleep.

            Susan was disorientated, she couldn't begin to guess what
          time it was, however it felt like the middle of the night; it
          seemed far too late for such noise to be acceptable. She
          leaned out of bed to peer at her alarm clock across the room.
          Actually, it was only 11:30PM; not so late after all;
          especially for College!

            Susan layback on the pillow and listened to the noise,
          trying to puzzle out what could be causing it. It was a
          slightly a-rhythmic banging, and she blushed when it occurred
          to her that it might be the sound of a headboard of a bed
          hitting a wall as her neighbour made love; but she
          immediately scolded herself for having such a thought. She'd
          seen her neighbour briefly as she was moving in; she was a
          small brunette, and quite attractive; and seemed to have a
          lively, outgoing personality. She'd bounced up and introduced
          herself as 'Nicole', and had bounced off saying that she had
          more moving in to do. She seemed a nice, ordinary, girl.
          Surely she wouldn't be ...

            Susan's initial guess was soon confirmed however, by the
          moan that came from Nicole's room. It was unquestionably a
          moan of sexual excitement; even Susan's limited experience
          with sexual matters enabled her to realise this. Actually, to
          be fair, the banging and the moans were not that loud. Susan
          found herself straining to hear Nicole's sounds. They were
          short little gasps of excitement; intermixed with groans that
          coincided with the banging from the bed.

            Susan had never knowingly been this close to a couple
          making love before, and she was finding it intensely
          stimulating. She found she was imagining herself in Nicole's
          place, and that she was imagining the passionate bout in full
          technicolour. She could just see Nicole lying on her back
          amongst tangled sheets, her brunette hair all tousled; her
          legs parted and clasped around the back of a male, a hairy
          male, pumping between her legs.

            Susan found her hands snaking over her body on a path they
          knew so well; a path that led to pleasure. Almost without
          thinking one hand had risen to clasp one of her breasts, the
          other was running up between her thighs, her night-dress had
          ridden up while she was asleep, enabling easy access to that
          magic spot. `Unnn', Susan groaned as a fingertip brushed her
          clitoris. It was throbbing madly at the thought of what was
          taking place next door, and that initial touch just doubled
          the frequency of the throbbing.

            The groans from next door had risen in volume; and the
          banging was becoming more regular. Susan found that she was
          gently squeezing the nipple of her right breast in time with
          this rhythm. It had become engorged with blood, and was
          pushing up proudly against her night-dress. Her clitoris was
          engaged in one long throb now. A finger of her other hand was
          probing below her clitoris, amongst the folds of her labia.
          They were wet now; oiled with the juice that was oozing out
          of her vagina. She normally avoided touching herself here
          because it was so messy; and she could satisfy herself fully
          be just rocking her fingers on her clitoris. However, tonight
          Susan wanted to try and emulate the feeling that Nicole must
          be experiencing; the feeling of a hard, erect, penis, sliding
          in and out; in and out; in and out ..... `Ahh' moaned Susan,
          unable to be quiet as she felt her finger slide into her. It
          was very hot, and very tight, and she felt full to capacity.
          Sometimes her virgin imagination boggled at the thought of
          fitting anything bigger into her, let alone thinking of a
          baby coming out! And, if others were to be believed, an erect
          penis was much bigger than a finger.

            The moans and thumps from next door were obviously rising
          to some kind of crescendo as Susan pumped her finger in and
          out of her vagina with the same rhythm; her thumb catching
          her clitoris on each down stroke. Susan found herself moaning
          quietly with the wonderful sensations. Susan could feel her
          climax building, building, building, and BUILDING! Suddenly
          everything exploded, she whimpered loudly, and felt a wave of
          pleasure sweep over her, to be followed immediately by a
          feeling of tiredness; satisfaction; and completeness.

            She suddenly realised that it was completely silent next
          door; and she immediately worried that her neighbours had
          finished in time to hear her groans. With that came a wave of
          guilt. She shouldn't have masturbated. It wasn't a rational
          feeling; intellectually Susan could see no problem with it as
          it harmed no-one, not even herself. Nevertheless she felt
          somehow unhappy that she had caved in to the demands of her
          body again. With melancholy thoughts of guilt and loneliness
          Susan turned over, and drifted off into sleep.


          2. Sunday

            The next day was a Sunday, and Susan spent the morning
          tidying up her room and getting it all sorted. She didn't
          have any lectures to attend until Tuesday, although there was
          some kind of induction lecture on Monday morning. At lunch
          time Susan was preparing a meal for herself in the community
          kitchen, a kitchen which served twelve rooms, when she saw
          Nicole's door open, and Nicole come out dressed in a short
          dressing gown. She'd obviously just got up. Susan blushed
          just thinking about what she'd heard last night.

            Nicole ambled into the kitchen, and said, "Hi, your Susan
          aren't you, I'm Nicole. We met yesterday'. Susan nodded, and
          said `Yes'. At that moment another figure appeared at
          Nicole's doorway. It was a man; well, a boy really, but
          dressed with only in a towel wrapped around his waist he
          certainly presented a very masculine image to Susan. Susan
          found herself blushing again, and hoped Nicole wouldn't
          notice. He came into the kitchen, stood behind Nicole,
          wrapping her in his arms, and kissing the back of her neck.
          Susan wasn't sure where to look, but Nicole seemed
          unperturped. She introduced him as 'John', and described him
          as her "boyfriend". John nodded and smiled at Susan, and
          said, `Excuse me ladies, I'm just off for a shower'. With
          that he left them, and went down the corridor to the
          community shower. Both girls found themselves watching him.
          Nicole turned to Susan, and stated `He got a great body
          hasn't he?'. Susan mumbled some indistinct reply.

            Nicole continued by saying, `Sorry if we were too loud last
          night'. Susan was mortified that Nicole was bringing the
          subject up. However, she managed to mumble something about
          `No, it was quite alright'. Nicole however continued, `You
          see it will be the last time we will be able to do it for
          some time, as John has to return home. However, he hopes to
          be able to come up for a number of weekends throughout the
          term.' Susan was amazed at Nicole's easy manner in talking
          about Sex, in talking about "doing it".

            `Um, I guessed that was what you were doing.' Susan said,
          with forthright honesty before she had time to censor
          herself. Nicole smiled at her and said, `Yes we guessed we'd
          got you going when we heard your cries immediately after ours
          - no don't blush; it is nothing to be ashamed of' continued
          Nicole seeing Susan's chagrin at having been "caught".

            Susan busied herself in her lunch preparations as she
          didn't know what to say next. Nicole came up behind her, and
          placed a hand on her shoulder. `Everybody does it you know,
          there is nothing to be ashamed about. I do it myself
          regularly'. Susan turned to her and said, `You do?, but
          aren't you ashamed of that?' `No of course not!', laughed
          Nicole, `It's natural. What could be wrong with doing it?'
          This was the very question that Susan often asked herself,
          and she knew she had no answer. Yet, it had always been
          something which was done in private; and never talked about;
          so it must be wrong, mustn't it?

            Hearing Nicole boldly echo the very question that she often
          asked herself was like a gust of fresh air in a musty room to
          Susan. She felt a weight of guilt start to slip from her, and
          she smiled, and turned and gave Nicole a quick hug. `Thank
          you, I know that, but sometimes I don't feel it'.

            John returned then, with wet hair, and a soapy smell.
          `What's for breakfast then?', he asked. Susan said, `I seem
          to have made more than enough lunch, would you both like to
          join me?' `Sure', John and Nicole replied together. `I'll
          just go and shower' continued Nicole, `And I'll go and get
          dressed', appended John.

            John and Nicole joined Susan in her room a bit later. As
          they ate their food they got to know one another: what course
          they were doing; where they were from; what exam results they
          had got. Questions and answers which would quickly become
          very tired over the next few days, but which were still fresh
          at this time.

            Shortly after lunch John said his goodbyes, as he had a
          long journey back home. Susan and Nicole saw John to the car
          park, where he got on his motor-bike, and roared off with a
          wave. `Do you want to come back to my room and help me
          unpack?' Nicole asked Susan when John had gone. `Sure', Susan
          replied, glad to have made a friend so quickly.

            They chattered about all sorts of things as they worked to
          get Nicole sorted out. Eventually the conversation turned to
          sex; and Susan admitted that she was still a virgin; and that
          she'd never really had a boyfriend. The one boy who had taken
          her out had tried to grab her breasts (or "tits" as he'd
          called them), just before they'd got home, but Susan had
          pushed him away, and had quickly escaped home.

            Susan learned that Nicole had had lots of boyfriends,
          although John was the first one that she'd gone all the way
          with. That was over six months ago; and that they had been
          doing it as often as they could ever since. Susan also learnt
          that Nicole's parents had brought her up in the car
          yesterday; and they didn't know that John was coming up on
          his motor-bike. In fact, they didn't know their daughter was
          sexually active, nevertheless they did know that they weren't
          that keen on John. This explained how Nicole had so much
          stuff with her; it couldn't all have come on the back of a
          motor-cycle!

                                ***** +++++ *****

            `John was very attracted to you, you know Suzi', Nicole
          said as they were sitting in her room with a coffee, after
          they had tidied it. Susan looked at her startled, she tried
          to read Nicole's face, but she didn't know her well enough
          yet to interpret the look she found there. `No I didn't. How
          do you know?', asked Susan carefully; uncertain as to her
          friend's feeling on the subject; yet slightly flattered at
          the same time.

            `He told me, before we joined you for lunch. He said that
          knowing that you'd got hot from hearing him fuck me, and
          seeing you blush so prettily when he came out and joined us
          in the kitchen, had started to give him a "hard on". He had
          to rush off for a shower before you noticed.'

            Susan could feel herself blushing again at hearing these
          revelations. Also she could feel a sexual tingling beginning
          between her thighs. She rubbed her thighs together
          surreptitiously, as she changed position on her seat. `And
          how do you feel about that?', she probed, trying to evaluate
          Nicole's attitude.

            `Oh, I can see why he finds you attractive. Your hair is so
          beautiful, I wish I was a blond; your breasts are pert and
          full; you've got wonderfully long legs; and when you blush
          you are really devastating.' Nicole asserted all this while
          undressing Susan with her eyes.

            Susan dropped her eyes; unable to handle all these
          compliments at once. She knew however that she was excited;
          her clitoris was throbbing slightly and she could feel
          wetness seeping into her panties. `But don't you mind that
          John finds me attractive?', she exclaimed, trying to
          understand her friend.

            Nicole laughed. `No of course not. We have a very open
          relationship. We always talk about other people that we'd
          like to make love to.' Susan was both shocked and interested
          at the same time. Shocked a the revelation that John's
          "attraction" was actually sexual desire; shocked that Nicole
          and John talked so openly; and interested in how such a
          relationship worked.

            `You mean, you actually don't mind him lusting after other
          girls? And you let him make love to them?' asked Susan with
          amazement. Nicole was pleased with the way that her words
          were being received by Susan. She was obviously agitated;
          sexually excited as well if the way that she was squeezing
          her thighs together was anything to go by.

            `I couldn't stop him lusting, so instead we talk about it.
          I get to see who attracts him, and this sharing adds spice to
          our love life. But no, so far we have remained faithful to
          each other. But I suspect that this won't survive us studying
          at different colleges. But I'm keen to hear about all his
          exploits', explained Nicole. If the truth be told, this
          conversation was starting to get her excited as well.

            Nicole's next question shocked Susan to the core. Nicole
          turned to her, and said, `Suzi, would you like John to make
          love to you when he comes down next?'

            Susan could feel her face burning; she could feel her
          clitoris throbbing; she could see Nicole waiting for an
          answer, but her brain seemed to have stopped working. She
          couldn't assimilate what was being suggested. A picture of
          John with just a towel on formed before her eyes; his
          masculine chest bare. As she "watched" an erection caused the
          towel to tent; and then the towel fell leaving John naked to
          her gaze. `Unn' was all that Susan managed to croak. She
          cleared her throat and tried again. `I, er, I, ...', again
          Susan trailed off in confusion.

            `John would love to make love to you. He's very good you
          know, and can be very gentle. And his prick is, well,
          heavenly', continued Nicole, leaning forward in the eagerness
          of her sales talk. Susan mind filled with fresh images; she
          imagined herself on her back; with her virgin thighs open;
          with John between them; with his "heavenly" prick entering
          her with skilled gentleness. Without her awareness Susan's
          legs had drifted apart; and from her seat across the room,
          Nicole could see that Susan's love juices were beginning to
          form a dark patch on the crotch of her jeans.

            `You like the idea don't you', probed Nicole. `Yes',
          croaked Susan, feeling impelled to be honest. `John will love
          the idea too', Nicole continued. `What is it like?', asked
          Susan, her arousal causing her to ask one of the questions
          that was foremost on her mind.

            Nicole started to tell her; she spoke about an initial pain
          if you're still a virgin; she talked about the unspeakable
          thrill as the penis enters you; and starts to slide in and
          out. She spoke of the joy of feeling full and distended. As
          she was speaking Nicole closed her eyes and remembered, and
          her thighs parted and a hand started to caress herself
          through her jeans. Susan saw what her friend was doing, but
          rather than being shocked, her own arousal and the words that
          Nicole was saying meant that she was only too eager to join
          her in masturbating. Susan's hands rubbed herself through her
          jeans, she was unable to stop a low moan escaping her lips.

            At the sound of Susan's moan, Nicole moaned as well. She
          stopped talking, and watched Susan caress herself. Susan
          became aware that her friend was watching her, but she had no
          desire to stop. Anyway, Nicole was still masturbating
          herself, so it was alright to continue. `Lets make ourselves
          more comfortable', suggested Nicole in a husky voice. `What
          do you mean?' asked Susan. `Lets take our clothes off, and
          masturbate in front of each other on the bed.' When Nicole
          saw the uncertainty in Susan's eyes, she jumped to her feet,
          went over to Susan, and pulled her out of the chair, and
          said, `Come on Suzi'.

            They stood there in front of each other, both hurrying to
          remove their clothes; both watching as the other's body was
          slowly revealed. Sweaters were discarded and were followed by
          blouses; blouses by bras; bras by jeans; jeans by panties;
          panties by socks. Their faces were flushed with sexual
          excitement as they stood naked before each other. `Gosh, your
          hair is beautiful', whispered Susan in a awed voice, as she
          reached to stroke Nicole's short hair.

            `Come on, lets get on the bed', urged Nicole; eager to
          continue her self gratification. Nicole led Susan to the
          small college-room bed. And she arranged them so that they
          were lying on their sides, facing towards each other. Each
          had their bottom leg out straight, and their top leg bent so
          that they had easy access to their pussies. Nicole ensured
          that they lay with their heads at opposite ends, so that they
          each had a close up view of the other's cunt.

            Susan was so excited to see Nicole's fingers slide into her
          own vagina. She pushed, three, no four fingers in; and pumped
          them in and out rhythmically. Susan could smell the arousal
          of her friend, and could see the love juice glistening on her
          fingers as they pulled out, only to be pushed back in again,
          over and over. Susan was whimpering with the feeling that her
          own fingers were eliciting from her clitoris and vagina.
          Inspired by Nicole, she had managed to squeeze two fingers
          into herself. It was slightly uncomfortable to start with,
          but she was soon lubricated well enough to slide them in and
          out easily.

            Nicole in turn was fascinated to see her virgin friend frig
          her own pussy. She lent forward to inhale the womanly aroma
          of Susan, and this inspired her to pump her own fingers all
          the harder. Nicole's moans were sending warm air over Susan's
          heated clitoris, and she couldn't help bucking her hips so
          that her pussy came into contact with Nicole's face. Before
          she knew what was happening, Susan found her friend burying
          her face in her pussy, and licking around her labia. Susan
          collapsed back on the bed, she stopped masturbating as she
          felt the sensations that Nicole was producing sweep over her.
          Nicole had also stopped frigging herself, and was now sliding
          two fingers into Susan's cunt in time with her licks, which
          were now directed to her clitoris.

            Susan was spiralling out of control; she wasn't thinking
          about what was happening; whether it was right or wrong; all
          she knew, all she could think about, was the building wall of
          passion that was growing in her loins. It was a tidal wave of
          pleasure that seemed about to break over her, yet the skilled
          tongue of Nicole prevented it from actually arriving. Susan
          found herself bucking all over the bed, desperate to come;
          desperate to find release. Yet still Nicole teased her; still
          Nicole withdraw her tongue at the wrong moment. `Oh Oh OH OH
          OH!!!' cried Susan uncontrollably. Yet just at the wrong
          moment Nicole changed rhythm, and the passion continued to
          rise rather than peaking as it was about to. Susan was
          twisting and turning under Nicole, and eventually was driven
          to shout, `FUCKING MAKE ME COME!!!!!', at which Nicole sucked
          hard on her whole clitoral region, while strumming her
          clitoris hard with her tongue. Susan's scream must have been
          heard in all the rooms on her floor. She bucked, and cried
          out, and collapsed. Susan lay quivering under her friend for
          minutes afterwards, drained and satiated. `Oh Boy, that was
          good' she eventually murmured.

            `No! really?', quipped Nicole, with a very pleased grin.
          Her whole face glistening with Susan's juices. Susan looked
          well and truly fucked, as she lay there, her eyes closed, her
          face and chest pink with the fading flush of sexual
          excitement, her legs splayed open, lewdly revealing her puffy
          labia.

            Nicole became aware of her own throbbing clitoris again; it
          was beating with a steady rhythm that called out for a touch.
          She touched herself gently, and moaned at the sensation.
          Susan opened her eyes at the sound, and found herself looking
          directly into Nicole's pussy as she masturbated. She was
          transfixed by the sight. Nicole was so excited that her pussy
          juice was oozing out of her vagina, making her thighs,
          bottom, and even the sheets, wet. Susan found the whole aroma
          most stimulating.

            Nicole then moaned, `Lick me Suzi, lick me until I come!'.
          Susan was certainly tempted, but she was unsure. What exactly
          was she supposed to do?, What would it taste like?, What ...;
          further questioning was stopped as a wave of lust swept over
          her which caused her to bring her face into contact with
          Nicole's pussy. Susan tentatively licked with her tongue. Her
          tongue brushed Nicole's clitoris, and Nicole moaned, `Ohh,
          yes'. The taste was okay; a bit strong, but not unpleasant.
          Actually, Susan found herself enjoying it more and more as
          she continued licking. Nicole continued to whimper quietly as
          Susan licked her. After a while, Susan explored further, by
          sending her tongue on forays down between Nicole's labia.
          Nicole was obviously enjoying herself, and this in turn
          excited Susan. She plunged into the task with renewed vigour;
          not minding that her chin, her cheeks, her whole face, was
          smeared with Nicole's juices. Suddenly Nicole's thighs
          stiffened, her hands held Susan's head in place, and she
          bucked up against her tongue with a most satisfying wail;
          `Ahhhhh!!!', `Ahhhhh!!!', `Ahhhhowww'. Nicole climaxed and
          climaxed. Susan was most pleased with herself.

            As their passion subsided Susan started to feel
          uncomfortable. What had she done? Was she a lesbian? Was it
          right? It sure felt good, but should she have enjoyed it? She
          felt a growing wave of guilt, shame, and confusion, and as it
          burst upon her, she started to cry quietly. `Hey, what's
          wrong, silly?', asked Nicole as she moved round to give Susan
          a hug. `I, I, I don't know', replied Susan between quiet
          sobs. `Come on, dafty, there is nothing to cry about. We've
          just been pleasing ourselves as best we can, until our man
          gets back.', consoled Nicole. This brought a weak smile to
          Susan's face, although she was surprised to be reminded of
          Nicole's intention to share John with her.

            `Come on, lets get dressed and go and check on where the
          lecture theatres are; and see what facilities they have on
          campus.', infused Nicole, changing the mood. Susan smiled at
          her friend's, or was it her lover's?, energy and enthusiasm.
          She realised that her queries remained unanswered, but she
          suppressed them for the moment, and entered into Nicole's
          plans. They washed, dressed, and went off to explore the
          campus.

                                ***** +++++ *****

            That night, alone in her room Susan thought back over the
          last two days. Yesterday, was it only yesterday?, she'd been
          living at home with her parents and brother; she'd packed her
          things into the car; they'd all driven off to college; she'd
          found her room, moved in, and gone to sleep early. She
          remembered that she'd been wakened by the noise of Nicole and
          John's love making, and that she'd masturbated as she
          listened to them. Her thoughts continued by surveying this
          day. She'd tidied her room; met John and Nicole; they'd had
          lunch together, waved John off; tidied Nicole's room. And
          then ...

            Even though she was alone, Susan blushed to remember what
          came next. She and Nicole had masturbated in front of each
          other; had stripped naked; got on the same bed, and continued
          masturbating, until Nicole had licked her pussy. Susan could
          feel herself getting wet at the memory of Nicole's magic
          tongue. Actually, to be absolutely honest, it was Susan
          herself who had initiated things by pushing her crotch into
          Nicole's face. Susan was horrified at that memory. What if
          Nicole had recoiled in disgust, how ashamed she would have
          been! She was also worried that maybe she was a lesbian:
          after all, she'd never got on well with boys, she was too
          shy, and she couldn't deny that Nicole had driven her to an
          amazing climax - undoubtedly the best of her life, she had
          almost blacked-out. Susan caressed herself as she remembered
          crying out for Nicole to make her come, had she really said
          those words? Susan also couldn't deny that she'd also enjoyed
          licking Nicole's pussy. Would it be so bad if she did enjoy
          making love to girls? Clearly, Nicole had enjoyed herself as
          well, and yet she had John. So you could obviously enjoy
          girls without being a lesbian. Good, because she wasn't sure
          about giving up all her dreams of a big wedding, marriage,
          babies, grandchildren. The idea of giving up all that filled
          her with an unspeakable dread. Surely without them, you
          couldn't have a really satisfying life, could you?

            Having settled that just because she'd enjoyed this
          afternoon didn't mean she was necessarily a lesbian, and
          remembering Nicole's offer to let John fuck her, Susan
          concentrated on her caresses. She quickly brought herself to
          a small, not entirely satisfying, climax. She speedily made
          her bed-time preparations, got into bed, and dropped off to
          sleep almost immediately.


                                  Susan Starts ...
                                  Parts 3 & 4

          3. Monday

            The next day found Susan crowding with hoards of other new
          students into the lecture block to attend introductory
          lectures. Susan made her way into her lecture hall, and found
          a place near to the front. The room was tiered, not at all
          like her classrooms back at school. Susan found herself
          slightly overawed at the thought that  she was at university.
          The future seemed to hold unlimited opportunities and duties,
          and Susan wasn't at all sure that she was up to facing them.
          However the excitement; the freedom; the shear possibilities
          of university, were almost palpable in the air of that
          lecture room, full as it was with bright young students.
          Susan felt her spirits soar.

            Susan noticed that she was sitting next to a boy; he was
          kind of nice looking, although Susan didn't like his taste in
          clothes. He was dressed a little bit too conservatively for
          Susan; too nurdish, she concluded, dismissing him from her
          mind. The lecturer entered then, and all conversations died
          down. She introduced herself as Dr. Shannon; the head of
          their faculty. She went on to explain the structure of their
          course; the fact that they were to be assigned to a tutor who
          was to help them with personal problems and to give them
          academic advice; the fact that they were expected to attend
          practicals; and the fact that they would need to do
          significant work in their own time if they were to keep up.
          She wished them well with their studies, and told them that
          there would be a revised timetable available from the faculty
          office from this afternoon.

            The boy who had been sitting next to her tried to strike up
          a conversation as they filed out afterwards. `Hi, I'm Paul.
          So you are on this course as well?'. Susan pondered whether
          she should bother to respond, did she really want to get to
          know someone with such a terrible opening line? `Yes, that's
          right.', Susan confirmed simply, refusing to exchange names
          just yet. They got separated then in the crowd, and Susan
          made good her escape. What to do now?, that was the question.
          She had all the rest of the day to herself. She decided she
          may as well check-out the student coffee-shop and common
          room.

            Entering the room left her feeling rather alone; the room
          was full of students; all were talking animatedly in small
          groups. She was just about to leave as she didn't fancy
          drinking a coffee by herself in such a crowd when she saw
          Nicole across the room, sitting amongst a group of girls.
          Nicole saw her at the same time and beckoned her over. As she
          arrived at Nicole's group, Nicole welcomed her, `Hi Suzi,
          meet everyone: this is Jeanette; Sally; Jean; and, sorry I've
          forgot your name', `Melonie', answered the redhead in
          question, shyly. `Everyone, this is Suzi, my next door
          neighbour in Cromwell Hall.', continued Nicole, finishing the
          introduction. There were a chorus of `Hi'es' and `Hellos'
          from around the table as Susan joined them. Susan tried hard
          to keep names with faces, but failed immediately. Susan
          learnt that they were all on Nicole's course, and that they
          had just met. She quickly felt at home with this group,
          swapping details about home-towns, courses, and grades etc..
          As Susan was engaged in conversation with Sally, or was it
          Jeanette?, she noticed that the boy from her course, Paul,
          had entered the common room. He looked around, and promptly
          walked out again. `No social skills', Susan thought to
          herself, some-what unfairly.

            It turned out that Melonie was also on the second floor of
          Cromwell hall, and that she'd moved in Saturday morning. This
          caused Susan to wonder if she'd heard her cries as Nicole had
          driven her wild the day before. But Melonie was so shy, it
          was obvious that she'd never bring the subject up even if she
          had. Melonie was very beautiful; no other word could describe
          her. Her red hair was long and wavy, and was stylishly cut;
          her face was very pretty, even her freckles were just right
          for her. Her breasts were a nice size, although not quite as
          big as Nicole's; and her legs looked good as well, as far as
          Susan could tell from where she was sitting. Susan was only
          slightly surprised to find herself evaluating another girl's
          body. All day she'd been noticing how sexy other members of
          her own sex were; she found herself wondering what they
          looked like under their clothes. As a consequence she'd felt
          a low sexual buzz all day.

            Nicole leaned over and whispered so only Susan could hear,
          `Melonie's rather cute isn't she?'. Susan could feel a blush
          start to rise, which she manfully tried to fight down. Had
          she been so obvious in her appraisal of Melonie? Susan felt
          mortified that Nicole had read her thoughts so easily.
          Susan's embarrassment went unnoticed by the others because
          just at that moment Sally and Jeanette announced that they
          had to go as they were going into town for some shopping.
          They all left then, Susan, Nicole, and Melonie heading back
          to their rooms in Cromwell hall.

                                ***** +++++ *****

            After Melonie had said goodbye, and entered her own room,
          Nicole invited herself into Susan's room. `Well, what do you
          think, she's adorable isn't she?', Nicole asked as soon as
          the door was shut. Susan wasn't sure if she was ready to
          admit openly her attraction towards other girls, but she
          found herself being swept along by Nicole's comments. `Oh,
          did you see the way her tits strained against her blouse?,
          you could see the outline of her nipples. Also, did you
          notice her tongue?, I would love to have that tongue flick my
          clit, wouldn't you?', enthused Nicole.

            Susan soon found that her silence, and lack of objections,
          had implicated her in sharing Nicole's appreciation of
          Melonie. Also the topic of conversion was getting both girls
          excited. Nicole could see from the flush on Susan's face that
          she was getting very turned on by her words. Nicole came up
          behind Susan, and started to massage her shoulders, she felt
          Susan tense instinctively, and then relax. `Can you imagine
          what she must look like naked?', whispered Nicole in her ear,
          her hands slipping down Susan's front; brushing over her
          breasts beneath her clothes. Susan felt her nipples spring to
          attention, and she only managed a grunted `Unn ... Yes', as
          exquisite sensations rippled through her body. `Wouldn't you
          like to kiss those cherry lips, and squeeze those full
          breasts?', probed Nicole, her own hands working magic in
          Susan as they squeezed her breasts. Susan was rapidly losing
          all sense of which way was up, her clitoris was throbbing as
          though it would never stop; juices were flowing out into her
          panties which were getting sopping wet; her nipples were
          erect and tingling from being squashed, and from chaffing on
          her bra as Nicole played with her.

            With a groan, Susan twisted in Nicole's arms and placed a
          hot steamy kiss on Nicole's mouth. Susan held Nicole's head
          between her hands as her lips moved on Nicole's; their
          tongues met with a electric shock of sexual excitement, and
          Nicole's plundered Susan's mouth. Her hands meanwhile were
          not idle; she clutched and kneaded Susan's bottom through her
          skirt. Susan was so carried away by how hot Nicole was making
          her, that she had little time to reflect that this was the
          first time she'd kissed another girl on the mouth, and how
          good it felt. When they stopped, they were both flushed with
          excitement, and out of breath. `Quickly, lets undress',
          panted Susan urgently, driven into blatantly taking the lead
          by a strength of passion that was new to her.

            Nicole stepped back, and stood still, as Susan hurriedly
          undid her cardigan. She couldn't prevent a moan from escaping
          as Susan's hands brushed her nipples in passing. She found
          herself panting slightly as Susan fumbled to undo the buttons
          of her blouse. Susan felt really emboldened by her friend's
          sudden passiveness; nevertheless she could feel her knees
          trembling, and her hands shook as they removed Nicole's
          blouse, and reached behind her for her bra clasp. This
          brought them closer together, into another steamy kiss. When
          Susan pulled back from the kiss, Nicole's bra came away,
          leaving her large breasts quivering freely. Susan was struck
          again by her friend's beauty.

            Nicole used the pause in Susan's undressing to start to
          undress Susan. `Here Suzi, let me free you from that', she
          said, pulling her blouse out from the waistband of her skirt.
          Susan moaned as Nicole's heated hands brushed her naked
          stomach. Nicole's fingers deftly unbuttoned the blouse,
          pausing only to make arousing forays over Susan's nipples.
          Susan moaned with each caress; `Oh, Ohh, Ohhh', her nipples
          hardening and thrusting out as though to prolong each caress.
          Nicole slipped the blouse off Susan's shoulders; it slid down
          her arms, pinning them to her sides. Rather than freeing
          Susan, Nicole lent forward and closed her mouth over the
          nipple on Susan's left breast. Susan could feel a delicious
          weakness spread throughout her body; and she shivered with
          excitement as Nicole's tongue lathed her nipple through the
          bra. It was wet now and the material had become transparent
          with Nicole's saliva. As Nicole turned her attention to
          Susan's right nipple, Susan couldn't repress a moan that was
          louder than she knew was wise, given it was lunch time, and
          there were other girls in the neighbouring rooms.

            Nicole could tell that Susan's legs wouldn't be able to
          hold her for much longer, burning up with passion as she was,
          so she lowered Susan to the chair behind her. A little nip
          with her teeth, brought a new moan from Susan. Nicole
          impatiently pulled the cups of Susan's bra aside, so that her
          breasts bounced free; their strawberry tips hard and
          glistening from her licking. Susan was so far gone that she
          didn't even notice the momentary discomfort that such a
          manoeuvre brought. While Nicole resumed her licking she
          worked her hands up Susan's legs; caressing slowly, rucking
          Susan's skirt up in the process. Susan could feel her skin
          quivering under Nicole's firm hands, and she couldn't help
          parting her thighs to encourage Nicole to caress the inside
          of her thighs. She also couldn't help lifting her bottom off
          the chair as Nicole's hands slid under her bottom to clutch
          her panties. Nicole smiled at Susan's eager compliance. Then
          she yanked Susan's panties down with a speed and a force
          which emphasised the passion of the moment. Nicole's mastery
          only intensified Susan's lust.

            Nicole stood there in Susan's room, naked from the waist
          up, looking down at her friend. Susan was lying back in her
          college room chair; her breasts protruding from her bra; her
          arms pinned to her sides by her half discarded blouse; her
          skirt rucked up around her middle; her legs splayed lewdly,
          exposing her glistening pussy with its beautiful covering of
          blond pubic hair. She was panting; her breasts were heaving;
          her head was thrown back; and her eyes were closed. Susan was
          obviously "in heat".

            Nicole speedily popped open the buttons on her own jeans,
          and removed them with her panties in one motion. She then
          knelt between Susan's legs, and placed a steamy kiss on her
          inner thigh. Susan moaned, `Unnnn'. Nicole slowly moved her
          kisses up her friend's thigh, nibbling and licking as she
          went. `Is it good Suzi?, do you like it?', she paused to ask,
          teasingly, enjoying Susan's struggle to keep her urgent
          `Yesss!!!', to an appropriate volume. Susan's groan was
          definitely too loud when Nicole's mouth avoided her crotch
          and continued to kiss her down the other leg. Susan tried to
          reach Nicole's head to guide her back where she wanted her,
          but her blouse kept her from just quite reaching, bringing a
          heart felt `Owwwh!'; a gasp of real frustration, noted
          Nicole. She continued to play Susan like an instrument as she
          let her tongue slowly snake back up her leg. She could taste
          Susan's juices as she neared her crotch a second time; Susan
          was overflowing in her arousal. Nicole allowed her tongue
          just a few brief licks of Susan's puffy labia, before moving
          past. Susan's head was rolling from side to side, she was
          looking very flushed as she tried to buck her hips up towards
          Nicole tongue. Nicole returned to Susan's pussy, after only a
          brief excursion down her leg. Her tongue pushing its way into
          Susan's vagina with a stiff urgency. Susan arched
          uncontrollably, and then managed to arch again as Nicole's
          hand reached up an pinched a nipple an instant later. The
          pain was really pleasure; the tingling feeling afterwards was
          incredible.

            Nicole licked at Susan's clitoris; her friend was
          whimpering continually, `Awh, Ah, Ahh, Unn, Yes!!, Yes!!,
          Yesss!!!, Oh, Ohh, OHH!!'. Susan was bucking and rolling in
          her chair; all that existed were the sensations that Nicole
          were eliciting within her. Nicole could tell her friend's
          orgasm was approaching from the little twitches of her leg
          muscles. She decided not to torment Susan this time, so she
          continued licking with a steady rhythm, and then sucked hard
          just before the end. Susan exploded, `AhhhhhhHHHHHHHH!!!!!,
          oh! Oh!! OH!! OHHHHHH!!!, Wow!, oh wow!!, Ohhhnn!'. Nicole
          kept on sucking and strumming with her tongue as Susan
          climaxed, and before Susan was aware of it, a new wave of
          pleasure wracked her body, `AAAAHHHHEEEEOOWWW', she almost
          screamed. Susan's body sagged back into the chair, she was
          spent. Well and truly!

                                ***** +++++ *****

            Susan was brought back to reality by a gentle knocking on
          her door. She looked quickly at Nicole, who was stark naked,
          while she was in a state of dishabille. Whatever could she
          do? A sudden surge of adrenalin brought her to her feet,
          `Quick!', she whispered to Nicole, `Hide out of sight!'.
          `Coming' she added in a louder voice for the visitor at her
          door. `You sure were!', whispered Nicole mischievously as she
          moved to where Susan had motioned her. Susan slipped out of
          her creased blouse and half off bra, she pulled her skirt
          down, and slipped on a T-shirt, and then opened the door.
          Susan was embarrassed to see the quizzical face of Melonie.

            `Hi', Susan said, trying to sound normal. `Hi', repeated
          Melonie nervously, `I was just wondering if you were, unn,
          alright?'. Susan tried desperately to think of a story that
          could explain the noises that Melonie must have heard; her
          mind was a blank! `Oh yea, I'm fine, I was just ... , I was
          just, umm, watching a video! When Harry met Sally!!, Have you
          seen it?' Susan knew she was starting to babble, but couldn't
          stop herself. `Oh, yes, last year', Melonie replied, her
          expression revealing enlightenment. `So you've got your own
          video recorder then?', she continued. `Yes, it was an
          eighteenth birthday present, just before I came here',
          elaborated Susan, hardly believing that her story was being
          accepted. `You must come around some time and we'll catch a
          good video together', offered Susan. `Sure, well, maybe. I'm
          not sure yet what the work will be like on my course',
          explained Melonie, rather pleased that Susan was making such
          overtures of friendship towards her. Just then Melonie caught
          a glimpse past Susan into her room, she coloured slightly,
          and excused herself as quickly as possible.

            Susan couldn't understand Melonie's behaviour until she
          turned back into the room, and saw two lots of clothes
          tangled on the floor in view of the door. Two pairs of
          panties, two bras, one pair of jeans, and one blouse that was
          obviously Nicole's, a very distinctive print. She also caught
          a glimpse of herself: her skirt creased, her hair looking
          tousled, and her face still had the flushed look of sexual
          arousal. Susan groaned when she realised what Melonie must
          have thought.

            Nicole was finding the whole situation highly amusing.
          `When Harry met Sally!, That was brilliant Suzi, you're a
          genius! Hey, Cheer up, what's wrong?', she queried when she
          saw Susan's face. `I think she guessed!', Susan stated, with
          gloom. `So what?', demanded Nicole with bright unconcern. `I
          bet it only makes her horny to think of me licking you out'.
          Susan coloured at the thought that anyone else would know
          that she enjoyed lesbian activities, but admitted that the
          idea that Melonie might even now be getting aroused at the
          idea of Nicole and her together was an exciting one. `I
          know', continued Nicole excitedly, `let's give her just long
          enough to start masturbating, and then lets go and knock on
          her door'. 'Susan liked the idea. It was beginning to make
          her hot again thinking of sweet little Melonie masturbating.
          Nicole borrowed one of Susan's dressing gowns, and popped
          back to her own room to 'change'. Susan met her outside her
          door seconds later; Nicole was now dressed in her own short,
          sexy, dressing gown. Together they went down the corridor and
          stood outside of Melonie's room. Checking that no-one else
          was around, Nicole placed her ear to Melonie's door. Susan
          did the same, and together they heard the faintest of moans
          that could have been Melonie in the throes of sexual
          excitement. Nicole motioned Susan away from the door, and
          then knocked loudly.

            They heard some scrambling, and then a very red faced
          Melonie came to the door. She was bare foot, the buttons on
          her blouse were not buttoned straight, the darkness and
          prominence of her nipples indicated that she was no longer
          wearing a bra, and that they were aroused, and she was
          breathing quite hard. Susan could feel her clitoris throb at
          the sight. Nicole smiled, and said, as she stepped forward,
          `Hi Melonie, mind if we come in?'. Melonie mumbled something
          about `Of course not', as she retreated before them.

            Susan's eye took in how Melonie had tried to make the
          standard college room her own; but she particularly noticed
          the creased bedding where Melonie had obviously just been
          lying, and the bedside cabinet draw that wouldn't close
          because of something pushed in clumsily. Melonie followed her
          gaze, and blushed furiously when she saw where she was
          looking. `What's this?', asked Nicole, going over to the draw
          and lifting up the offending object. Susan's eyes widened
          when she saw what it was, and Melonie cast her eyes down to
          the floor in shame. For there in Nicole's hand was an eight
          inch vibrator, and not only that, but it was still glistening
          with Melonie's love juices.

            `My, oh my, we have been a naughty girl haven't we?', asked
          Nicole, looking at Melonie who was obviously wishing the
          ground would swallow her up. Susan came up beside Melonie,
          and touched her arm, `It's alright you know; I can understand
          how you got turned on by the idea of Nicole and me'. Susan
          ran her hands up and down Melonie's arm, as she continued,
          `We all masturbate. I do so almost every day, and I know
          Nicole does as well. I've never used a vibrator though, what
          does it feel like?'. Susan's words were starting to ease
          Melonie's anguish, although she was still mortified to have
          been caught red handed. Susan's words continued soothingly,
          as her fingers stayed so that they were brushing the outside
          of Melonie's left breast. Nicole joined in caressing her
          other arm. Melonie was obviously getting turned on by the
          situation; her breath was coming in shallower gasps; clearly
          they'd interrupted her while she was at a high stage of
          sexual excitement. Nicole ran the fingers of one hand through
          Melonie's beautiful hair; while the other slipped down and
          took one of Melonie's hands in her own. This hand she lifted
          up, and guided into her dressing gown and onto one breast.
          Nicole and Melonie gasped at the same time. Nicole's gown
          drifted open, revealing her beautiful charms to Susan and
          Melonie. Susan by now was boldly caressing Melonie's breasts
          through her blouse. The nipples were even more prominent, and
          Susan could feel her own pussy getting wet. Melonie had
          started to pant and groan quietly, `Ohh, Ohhhnnn'.

            `Come on Suzi, let's get her on the bed', urged Nicole,
          slipping out of her gown. Between them they guided a now
          compliant Melonie over to her bed. Susan kissed Melonie hard
          on the mouth; it was a kiss burning with lust and passion,
          and Melonie returned it with vigour. A naked Nicole stood
          back. She picked up the vibrator, held it to her nose and
          sniffed Melonie's fragrance. Melonie blushed prettily at this
          lewd display. Nicole went on to place the vibrator in her
          mouth, and suck it clean of Melonie's juices. Melonie was
          transfixed by this, and was unable to prevent parting her
          lovely white thighs in response, which caused her short skirt
          to ride up. She had no panties on, and was obviously wet.
          Susan meanwhile was unbuttoning Melonie's badly buttoned
          blouse, freeing her big breasts, and taking her nipples into
          her mouth and tonguing them. Melonie closed her eyes, in
          danger of being overwhelmed with all the sensations coursing
          through her.

            She didn't open them again until she heard the soft
          familiar purring sound of her vibrator being turned on, just
          before Nicole applied it to her inner thighs. The quivering
          sensation quickly caused her to open her legs wider, exposing
          herself to a new friends. `Ohhhhhhhhh', she couldn't avoid
          moaning. Susan meanwhile had speedily unbuttoned her skirt,
          and had tugged off her T-shirt, joining Nicole in being
          naked. Only Melonie was wearing anything, and that was only
          her skirt, bunched at her waist. As Nicole continued to run
          the vibrator up and down Melonie's legs, bringing it closer
          and closer to her aching clitoris, Melonie whimpered
          unashamedly.

            Susan decided to leave Melonie, and go and sit on the floor
          between Nicole's legs. She was pleased to note Nicole's
          shudder as she ran her hands up her legs and clutched her
          bottom. Susan pulled on Nicole's bottom, and brought her
          sopping pussy into contact with her face. Susan flicked out a
          tongue and caught Nicole right on her clitoris. `Owhhhh',
          groaned Nicole, her legs almost giving away. The sensations
          that Susan was giving her caused her to allow the vibrator to
          pulsate over Melonie's pussy before she'd driven her insane
          with her teasing, as she had intended to do. The vibrator was
          causing Melonie to buck in a most un-shy way. There was a
          growing chorus of pants and groans from all three of them.

            Nicole was struggling to retain her control, so that she
          could drive Melonie wild. Yet Suzi's tongue was unbelievable;
          `Ohh, Ohhh, Owwwh!!', she gasped. Jerkingly she moved the
          large white vibrator backwards and forwards over Melonie's
          pussy; pulsing over her clitoris one second, edging between
          her passion swallow labia the next. Melonie had shed any
          remaining embarrassment or shyness, all that mattered was her
          growing pleasure; all that mattered was to find release from
          this happy torture! Susan was enjoying herself too: she loved
          the power she felt over Nicole; she loved the whimpers that
          she was eliciting from her. She inhaled Nicole's aroused
          aroma deeply, she licked and licked, probing her tongue into
          Nicole's vagina one second, strumming light then hard against
          Nicole's clitoris the next. She loved her face being smeared
          with Nicole's love juices.

            Nicole could hardly see, the passion was unbearable. She
          had to try and stay on her feet as well or she'd fall on
          Suzi; this was heightening her pleasure exquisitely, as she
          was not able to simply surrender to the sensations. Nicole
          managed to slide the vibrator into Melonie's cunt. It went in
          easily, Melonie was sopping wet. Five, six, seven, eight
          inches, all disappeared within, although Melonie's pussy was
          definitely bulging by the end! Nicole managed to flick the
          vibrator to a higher speed, just as Susan's tongue caught her
          clitoris again. Nicole's and Melonie's groans coincided.
          `Unnnnhhhhh AhhHHH', they panted.

            Susan eased up then, she was determined to make Nicole beg
          for release, just as Nicole had forced her to yesterday.
          Nicole's groan of disappointment was lost in Melonie's
          growing moans of passion. She was bucking about like a mad
          thing, her vibrator filling her up to the hilt, producing a
          massive wave of pleasure with its rhythmic pulsations.
          Melonie's, `aaooww, AAAOOWWW, AAAAHHH!!', marked a series of
          orgasms that wracked her body.

            By the time Melonie was aware of her surroundings again,
          Susan had manoeuvred Nicole into sitting on the bed, and
          Susan had returned to her task of teasing Nicole's clitoris.
          `Oh, Suzi, Suzi, make me come!, Come on, suck my clit!, yes,
          ohh, yesss!', She urged, trying to hold Susan's head in
          place, but Susan had an agenda of her own. Susan stopped at
          that point, looked up, and smiled at Melonie. Susan reached
          over and withdrew the massive vibrator from her cunt. It
          slowly emerged, causing Susan to wonder again how a vagina
          could accommodate such a monster. It emerged with a plop, wet
          with Melonie's juices. Susan, while looking Melonie straight
          in the eye, took it and licked it just as she'd seen Nicole
          do earlier. Melonie blushed scarlet, but didn't break eye
          contact.

            `Come on, Melonie, help me with Nicole', urged Susan,
          returning her attention to her panting friend. As Susan
          brought the vibrator to Nicole's pussy, Melonie used her
          fingers to open Nicole's pussy lips wide: exposing her
          glistening vagina to their gaze. Susan slowly pushed in the
          sleek white throbbing plastic. Nicole tried to buck, but the
          way Melonie was lying over her prevented her from achieving
          much. `Ohh', she moaned, her frustration already unbearable.
          She had yet to come this lunch time; even her time with Suzi
          had been interrupted by Melonie before it had been her turn.
          `Pleasseee!!', she whimpered.

            `Please what?', asked Susan, innocently, as she slid the
          vibrator in with exquisite slowness. `Please fuck me!',
          exclaimed Nicole, her voice catching with the pleasure. Susan
          winked at Melonie, and timed a savage push of the vibrator
          with the first flickering of Melonie's pink tongue over
          Nicole's steamy clitoris. `AHHHHOOWW!!', was Nicole's
          unavoidable response.

            Susan then brought the vibrator slowly out; feeling
          Nicole's cunt trying to hold on to it, trying to suck it back
          in. Melonie then left her clitoris, and changed position so
          that she could suck on Nicole's nipples. Nicole was saying,
          `Oh, don't stop, don't stop, owww!, please, please!, make me
          come!'. Susan paused to lick the vibrator, before pumping it
          back into Nicole's wet vagina; setting up a steady rhythm.
          `Oh yes!, Yes!, Don't stop, Don't stop, I'm nearly there,
          YES, YES!. Oooowww Noooo!'. This last cry being caused by
          Susan removing the vibrator again. `Do you really want to
          come?', she asked cruelly. `Yes, oh YES', panted Nicole, her
          faced bathed with sweat.

            Susan leaned forward and flicked Nicole's clit with her
          tongue. This caused Nicole to jump and moan. Susan flicked
          again, and Nicole moaned urgently, `Fucking make me come
          bitch!'. Susan stopped to ask, `Are you sure?', `OF COURSE
          I'M SURE!', Nicole cried. Susan smiled to see her friend so
          hot for it. `Say "please" then'. `Ohh, please, Please,
          Please!!, PLEASE!!!', Nicole begged, in time with Susan's
          licks. On Susan's signal, Melonie squeezed both of Nicole's
          nipples hard, just as Susan licked and sucked on her clitoris
          with more than enough force to send Nicole over the top.
          `AAAHHHHOOOOOWWW!!', was Nicole's satisfied howl, her body
          bucking with pleasure and release. Nicole arched with a few
          more spontaneous orgasms over about a minute, but eventually
          they subsided. It was a long time before she calmed down
          enough to talk.

            `Oh Suzi, that was amazing! Boy, you are one fast
          learner.', Nicole praised. Susan felt inordinately pleased
          with herself. `And you Melonie, you almost drove me out of my
          mind when you squeezed my nipples like that, they are still
          throbbing now!'. `I hope I wasn't too rough', said Melonie
          contritely. `No, it was wonderful. Hey, Suzi, you must be
          ready to come again aren't you?', Nicole asked, realising
          suddenly that Susan hadn't come. `Actually, I came from just
          watching your pleasure, without even touching myself', Susan
          affirmed.

            Melonie then offered them mugs of coffee and some toast.
          Perhaps surprisingly, the three of them found that they had
          many things in common, and that they felt at ease in each
          other's company. Even getting dressed was accomplished
          without anyone feeling awkward. Both Susan and Nicole were
          surprised as they learnt more about Melonie; once she'd
          overcome her shyness she was a very interesting and
          articulate person. Melonie further surprised them by her
          extensive sexual experience; apparently she'd had five
          previous boyfriends, and she'd left behind a sixth very horny
          boyfriend, he'd been the one who had bought her the vibrator;
          also and she had had three or four all girl romps before as
          well. Conversation eventually turned to finding a man for
          Susan. The consensus seemed to be that waiting for two weeks
          until John came down again was too long, and that they needed
          to find someone to relieve her of her virginity before then.
          Susan herself felt rather ambivalent about the whole matter;
          she was feeling fully satisfied with her sex life at the
          moment.

                                ***** +++++ *****

            That afternoon Nicole and Melonie went off for a special
          course lecture, and Susan was left all alone. She used the
          time to drop by the faculty office and pick up her new
          timetable. She also picked up a book list for her course, and
          decided that she may as well drop by the campus bookshop to
          see how expensive it was going to be to purchase them all.
          She always loved buying books; in some ill defined way, she
          couldn't help feeling that the very fact she owned a book on
          a subject meant that she'd started to know about that
          subject. Obviously that wasn't the case, but the feeling
          always returned when contemplating purchasing another book,
          and consequently her bookcase was always full of half read or
          never started books. Of course, she was responsible for
          budgeting her own money now, and needed to be careful that it
          lasted until the end of term. Her parents had lectured her at
          length about that, emphasising that they were not in a
          position to help her out if she ran up an overdraft.

            That evening Susan was expecting to meet up again with
          Nicole and Melonie; however they failed to return to their
          rooms. Susan could feel herself getting more and more
          irritated as the evening dragged on. When she stopped to
          analyse her feelings she was surprised to discover that the
          root of her irritation was jealousy. A non-specific jealousy,
          whose cause was a feeling that Nicole and Melonie were off
          enjoying themselves without her. Susan found she couldn't
          rationalise the feeling away as she normally did with silly
          emotions, so decided to distract herself by going to the
          Student's Union bar on campus.

            The decision made, it became necessary to choose
          appropriate clothes. She didn't have anything! Not actually
          true, but that was how she felt about her wardrobe. She had
          lots of jeans and sweaters, good casual wear for studying,
          but she wanted to feel a bit more glamorous tonight. She also
          had some very nice, elegant clothes; but they either were too
          dressy, such as her dress for the end-of-year Ball, or
          weren't suitable for a student's bar. She wanted clothes that
          were sexy, clothes that reflected her new self confidence
          with sexuality. She eventually managed to create an ensemble
          that wasn't too awful, although not quite the young Madonna
          image that she was aiming for.

            Within twenty minutes Susan was opening the door of the
          Student's bar. The noise level was certainly high; a juke box
          was playing early eighties dance music; conversations were
          being carried out in competition with the music; laughter and
          shouting peeled out stochastically from around the room.
          Susan made her way to the crowd at the bar, and eventually
          pushed her way through to the front. She ordered a barcardi
          and coke, being careful to avoid putting her elbow in the
          pool of beer that had been spilt on the bar. The problem then
          was to extradite herself from the crowd without pouring her
          drink down someone's leg, while avoiding the same fate
          herself. This accomplished, she scanned the room looking for
          either a free seat or a friendly face which she recognised
          from her lecture this morning.

            Her scan was aborted by a male voice in her ear; `You look
          lost; You a fresher?'. Susan turned to look at her articulate
          inquirer. The voice has lead her to expect a burly engineer,
          or a bearded pot-bellied biker, instead he was clean shaven,
          dressed with T-shirt and jeans, but he undoubtedly had a
          muscular fit body. His biceps were visible as his T-shirt was
          sleeveless; and these hinted at an equally powerful torso. So
          what if he's a dumb jock, Susan thought to herself, quite
          flattered that such a hunk was trying to chat her up. `Eh,
          yes, that right. I came up two days ago.', she replied. `Are
          you a second year, then?', she probed. `What?, no I'm a final
          year economist', he explained, a nice smile lighting up his
          face. `Why don't you join me for a drink, I've a table over
          in the corner, with a few friends, or are you joining
          someone?', `No, I'd love to', Susan found herself responding;
          a little too eagerly, she scolded herself. `Good, follow me',
          said her acquaintance, starting off on a weaving path past
          tables of half drunk students toward one corner. Susan found
          herself following meekly.

            The table she was led to, contained one man, and two women.
          `Hi gang, I like you to meet ..., hell I'm sorry, I never
          asked your name. I'm David, your ...?', `Susie', Susan
          provided on queue. `Nice name Susie, Susie this is Steve,
          Jackie, and Lora' `Hi nice to meet you', Susan nodded to each
          as she was introduced. `So are you all economists as well?'
          `Hell, no. We all part of the Wu Sho Khan martial arts club',
          exclaimed Lora with a laugh. `I'm a biologist', she
          continued, `Jackie's a social scientist, and Steve here is a
          second year mathematician'. Steve and Jackie were sitting on
          one side of the table, and David sat down next to Lora, `Move
          up, make room for Susie', he urged. Lora complied, and Susan
          slid into place next to David, little goose bumps forming
          when it became clear that they were going to have to sit
          thigh to thigh if she wasn't to fall off the seat.

            Susan discovered that they were discussing whether
          socialism was still viable given the failure of communism in
          the Soviet Union. Steve was maintaining that a planned
          economy was doomed to inefficiency and failure, while Jackie
          and David were arguing that the totally unregulated market
          just couldn't work, and that every market had to have an
          element of planning or control in it, and hence there was not
          a simple dichotomy between capitalism and socialism but a
          spectrum to choose from. Susan found herself getting
          involved; her A-level economics was inadequate, but at least
          gave her something to say. She could feel herself getting
          high. The alcohol had loosened some ambitions, and here she
          was talking about real issues, with educated people, with
          original viewpoints. This was university!

            The regular brushing of thighs with David, together with
          his clever witty conversation, kept a significant sexual
          tingle in Susan's consciousness as well. An hour later (was
          it really an hour?, it only seemed like five minutes) Jackie
          and Steve had to leave, but Lora, David, and Susan bought
          more drinks and continued talking. The topic ranged freely
          over numerous subjects, including how the first year was a
          year of wild parties and late nights, but that the work got
          harder in subsequent years; to whether or not there should be
          positive discrimination for women after centuries of male
          chauvinism. Susan could see from how Lora and David
          interacted that there was nothing between them, so she might
          have a chance. She blushed inwardly at such blatant scheming,
          yet couldn't deny a real attraction to David. Obviously, she
          was not a lesbian, but bi-sexual, if these feelings were
          anything to go by.

            Eventually Lora left, but David asked Susan if she'd like
          another drink. She wanted the evening to continue, but was
          already light headed, so she ordered a coke. When David
          rejoined her they talked freely; David managed to steer the
          conversation so that he found out all about her. Susan was
          surprised to find herself confiding all sorts of things to
          him, such as how she got on with her little brother, what her
          pet hates were, and how she not had any serious boyfriends.
          He was such a good listener, that Susan found herself
          confiding almost everything to him.

            All good things come to an end, and eventually David made
          noises about leaving. He insisted on escorting her back to
          Cromwell Hall, Susan complied gladly. She felt especially
          safe being escorted by a black-belt. At the door to her room,
          he swept her up, and placed a very powerful good night kiss
          on her lips. She stood there dazed as he went off, with a
          cheery wave. Wow!, was about all she could think. Susan
          entered her room, and quickly made it to bed; however sleep
          eluded her; all she could think of was the feel of those
          strong arms; the taste of that strong kiss; the features of
          that kind face. `Susan Jane Braddock, pull yourself together.
          Your mooning like a fifteen year old with a crush', she told
          herself sternly, to no avail. It was late by the time she
          finally drifted off.


          4. Tuesday

            Susan over-slept the next morning, causing her to miss her
          first lecture, and turn up ten minutes late to her first lab
          session. By the time that she got there, somewhat out of
          breath from hurrying, everybody had paired up for the first
          experiment, everybody that is, except for ... `Oh no, ...
          Paul', Susan muttered to herself. Actually, he turned out to
          be a good lab partner, he seemed to know what had to be done,
          and managed to explain things to Susan clearly and concisely.
          He was obviously rather shy, and a bit awkward, but he seemed
          nice, and had a sense of humour that showed through from time
          to time, even if it was directed at her lack of organisation,
          and knowledge of what was going on. Susan even found herself
          warming to him by the end of the session. He was kind of
          comfortable to be around, not at all like David, who caused
          her to tingle with anticipation. Susan had to pull herself
          together more than once during the session to prevent herself
          drifting off into day-dreams about him.

            After the lab was over, Susan headed back to her room. On
          the way, she saw David walking with a group of his friends in
          the distance; and she trotted up to greet him. `Hi', she said
          shyly, as she slipped into step beside him. `Hi yourself', he
          replied, `Had a good morning?' he asked with his usual
          economy with words. `Yea, it was okay, I overslept a bit
          though, and missed my first lecture', she answered. `Will I
          see you later?', she continued uncertainly.

            `Sure, shall we meet in the SU Bar at eight?', he replied.
          `Yes, great, see you then', she confirmed, and left him to
          enter the Humanities lecture block. She felt somewhat bereft
          after he had left, laughing with his friends, whom he hadn't
          introduced her to. `Stop being silly', she scolded herself,
          `He was in a rush, and anyway, they'd organised a date didn't
          they?'. `Well sort-of', she confirmed, although she would
          have chosen a more special rendezvous. Susan turned round
          then, and returned to Cromwell Hall.

            As she entered her room she fully intended to put in some
          time writing up the lab, but, after discarding her coat, she
          sat on the bed to relax a bit. Almost without being aware of
          it, she drifted off into a fantasy about last night. She
          remembered being held in David's arms, she remembered that
          scorching, but all too brief, kiss. A kiss that had caused
          her to lose her breath, and has caused her nipples to erect
          and to thrust through her blouse against his manly chest.
          Susan played the kiss over and over in her mind, savouring
          every nerve tingling moment of it. She found one of her hands
          sliding along her thigh towards her crotch as she remembered.
          She deftly undid the fastener, and the zip, and trailed her
          fingers over her panties. In her imagination, the kiss was
          going on longer. David was finding it harder to stop the
          kiss; he'd half pull away, but her lips would capture his
          again, and the kiss would continue, building in intensity.
          Little moans were escaping from their mouths, as their bodies
          were pressed hard against each other. His erection was
          noticeable through his trousers; Susan could feel it against
          her stomach. He was holding her hard against him, his tongue
          was plundering her mouth.

            Susan's panties were wet now, her fingers were tracing the
          outline of her labia through the soaking material, teasing
          herself as the scene in her imagination heated up. With a
          groan of passion, David had backed her up against the door of
          her room, his body pressing her against it. His hands were
          now free to start running up and down her body, as his lips
          moved so urgently over hers. One hand squeezed her left
          breast, the other, under her chin, held her head tilted up so
          that she couldn't escape his kisses; not that she wanted too!
          Susan's other hand started to squeeze her breast, trying to
          emulate the feel of David's fantasy hand, while the first had
          slipped now into her panties. She couldn't withhold a moan at
          the touch of her fingers moving over her naked pussy. In her
          fantasy David was almost ripping open her blouse in a desire
          to get to her tits. Her blouse open, his hand closed on her
          bare breast; she'd not worn a bra last night. The sensation
          of his hand was emulated by her own having slipped inside her
          sweater, tee-shirt, and bra. As he broke their kiss, and
          lowered his head to take her throbbing nipple between his
          lips, her fingers squeezed her own nipple. The flick of her
          fingers were not as good as the imagined tongue that lathed
          them so thoroughly in her fantasy, but it still brought a
          moan to her lips.

            Susan was masturbating now with two fingers up her sopping
          vagina, pumping up and down in that hot tight place. She
          thought she could feel her hymen stretching slightly, making
          it easier for her fingers to move. The brushing of her thumb
          on her aching clitoris coincided with David's imagined hand
          touching her between her legs. Her mini-skirt was rucked up,
          and he was masturbating her through her tights as she stood
          there against her door. In her fantasy she was bucking
          against David's hand, in reality she was lifting her bottom
          off the bed in time with her pumping fingers. Susan could
          feel her climax building and building. It was going to be a
          massive explosion, she could just tell. She removed her
          fingers from vagina, and slid them, sleek as they were with
          her juices, backwards and forwards rapidly over her pulsating
          clitoris. The climax broke just as her fantasy David slid his
          hand down inside her tights and panties and touched her
          bursting clit. Susan bit her lips to try and reduce the noise
          of her moans; it was such a good one that she almost wept
          with pleasure.

            `Boy was that good', Susan concluded to herself; happy that
          her new experiences and beliefs had removed all guilt that
          had previously attended such pleasure. Susan didn't feel like
          working now, so she straightened her clothes, and popped out
          to the kitchen to make some lunch.

                                ***** +++++ *****

            While she was cooking, Nicole and Melonie entered. Susan's
          initial feeling of frostiness towards her friends was quickly
          melted by their warm greeting, and the natural way they
          included her in their conversation. Eventually Nicole asked,
          `And where were you last night? We came around at nine but
          you weren't in.'

            Susan was pleased to hear that they had come in search for
          her, so she explained that she'd gone to the SU Bar, in a
          voice free of any hint of censor that she'd felt abandoned.
          Changing the subject, Nicole went on to describe how she and
          Melonie had been keeping their eye out for a bloke for Susan,
          and thought that they had found a real hunk on their course
          that would be ideal for Susan to "get to know". Susan was
          pleased to explain that she'd found a hunk all by herself,
          and that she had a date with him tonight. This brought a
          laugh from Nicole, `Well, you certainly don't hang around do
          you! Tell us about this "hunk".

            Susan proceeded to describe David to her friends;
          describing his personality, and rippling muscles in some
          detail. `Cor, he sounds good enough to fuck', said Nicole
          bluntly, which just a touch of envy. `He is!', affirmed
          Susan, happily, `But hands-off! I found him first. Anyway
          what would John say?', she challenged. `He wouldn't mind, as
          long as I told him all the details', Nicole laughed, `As I've
          said, we have a very open relationship'. `Open enough for you
          to tell him about us?', asked Melonie, running her hands over
          Nicole's breasts in a seductive manner. Susan was surprised
          again at how forward Melonie could be, once she'd over-came
          her shy-ness with someone. Nicole surrendered herself to
          Melonie's caresses, a dreamy expression coming over her face,
          as her breasts were squeezed and moulded through her blouse;
          she obviously wasn't wearing a bra, Susan couldn't help
          noticing. `I'm not sure. I've never told John about my
          attraction and experiences with girls. I don't know what he'd
          think.'

            `Oi, you too, behave yourselves! This is a public kitchen,
          anyone could walk in!', Susan scolded her friends, in a light
          tone. Melonie stopped her caresses, but not before giving
          Nicole's nipples a tweak. `Unnm, niccce', was Nicole's
          response. `Um, why don't we all retire to my room?', she
          continued, hopefully. `Sure', was Melonie's eager response.
          `Sorry, I've just going to finish cooking this, then I've got
          a lecture to catch', apologised Susan. `Oh Suzi, we shall
          miss you', said Nicole, giving her bottom a very arousing
          fondle before leaving with Melonie. Susan found herself
          panting slightly with the feelings that Nicole's magic touch
          has evoked, even after her friends had left.

                                ***** +++++ *****

            After lunch Susan had two lectures. She enjoyed the first,
          but found the lecturer a bit fast in the second. The
          afternoon past rapidly, and Susan soon found herself with
          free time again. Reflecting on how unsatisfactory her
          wardrobe had seemed yesterday, and her date that evening, she
          decided to head into town. It was either a short bus ride, or
          a long walk. Deciding to save as money for clothes, Susan
          headed off to town on foot. She'd not gone far down the road
          from the University, when a car honked her, and pulled over.
          `Who do I know with a car like that?', she asked herself, as
          she walked up to the car.

            It was Paul, her lab partner. `Do you want a lift into
          town?', he asked cheerily. `Sure', Susan replied, as she got
          into the passenger seat. It was a bit of a banger, but at
          least it doesn't have furry dice or furry dashboard, she
          concluded, scanning the car. The interior was a bit untidy,
          but not as bad as her room. My room! I must tidy it before I
          go out tonight in case David comes back, Susan made a mental
          note to herself. Paul chatted freely as he drove them into
          town, mostly about their lecturers, but also about work. `How
          did you find writing up the lab?', `Oh, I haven't gotten
          around to it yet.', Susan replied, irritated to be reminded
          of the work waiting to be done, `It doesn't have to be in for
          a few days yet.'

            They separated once they got to town, and Susan hit every
          boutique in sight. She ended up with a bargain, a short black
          mini-skirt; and a very nice, if somewhat expensive, red silk
          blouse. Stylish, but sexy, she concluded. The walk back to
          the University passed in no time, as she spent it in
          anticipating the evening.

            Back in Cromwell Hall, Susan found no sign of Nicole or
          Melonie, so she made a snack for herself and she ate it alone
          in her room. After that, she dressed to vamp David, and set
          off for the SU Bar.

            Entering, she hit by the wall of noise, and an even more
          staggering wall of alcohol fumes. Then she heard David
          calling to her from a seat near one wall. She made her way to
          him, and was greeted by a large smile. Her heart went
          pitter-patter, pitter-patter. `Hi', she said, sliding into
          the seat opposite David that he had saved for her. `Hi sexy,
          You look good', he replied, taking her hand and kissing it.
          Susan giggled, this oldy-worldy charm being so out of place
          in the heaving bar, with Tina Turner blaring out.

            The evening was wonderful: David was attentive; he laughed
          at her stories; he gazed into her eyes with his beautiful
          blue ones; his hand captured hers from time to time, sending
          tingling thrills up and down her body. Susan flirted
          shamelessly with him. Life was good!

            When the time came to leave, Susan nearly burst with pride
          as this hunk of a man publicly escorted her back to her
          halls. His strong arms were around her, supporting and
          warming her. From time to time on the short walk across
          campus, they stopped and kiss. Deep passionate kisses, which
          caused the whole world to disappear for Susan while they
          lasted. By the time that they reached her door, Susan had no
          doubt about what she was going to say. `Would you like to
          come in?',  she asked shyly. `Yes', David replied, kissing
          the back of her neck as she fumbled with her key. She opened
          the door, and David stepped through. Before she entered, she
          caught the eyes of Nicole, Melonie, and another girl in the
          kitchen. She winked at them, and then entered behind David,
          closing the door after her.

                                ***** +++++ *****

            Susan was nervous. She had this hunk of a man in her room,
          but he seemed to fill it, making it suddenly seem so small.
          `Would you, ah, would you like a mug of coffee?', she
          stumbled. `No, you are all I want', he replied with masculine
          assurance, reaching for her, and drawing her into his arms.
          `Relax, I won't bite', he said, as his lips closed on hers,
          cutting off any hope of a reply. His lips moved on hers,
          leaving her breathless. Susan broke contact to gasp for air,
          she was feeling light headed. Her senses were feeding her
          kaleidoscopic sensations. David's lips reclaimed hers. Susan
          moaned as David's tongue probed between her lips and made
          contact with her tongue. Her moan was answered by one from
          David, he seemed to lose control; his tongue was in her
          mouth, plundering hers.

            Susan felt weak at the knees: the sweetness of their kisses
          was almost more than she could bear. She found herself
          moaning at the back of her throat, and embracing David more
          animatedly. Rationale thought dissolved with the fire that
          was stoked within her. David was holding her tightly;
          wrapping her in his strong muscular arms. His kisses were a
          drug, and she was high on them; a helpless addict. Susan
          gasped as David's right hand closed on her left breast. It
          was as if a shock had passed through her. She wasn't wearing
          a bra, and her sensitive nipples erected immediately at the
          touch. Her red silk blouse moved over her nipples -
          exquisitely. Susan could hardly think as David gently
          squeezed and moulded her breast under his strong, sure, hand.
          Susan renewed kissing David with the desperation of total
          abandonment. Taking this a sign of encouragement, before she
          knew it, David's right hand was inside her blouse, and his
          left was clutching her bottom.

            Susan felt herself to be at the centre of a storm of
          sensations; her bottom was being kneaded, and her bare
          breasts caressed, by this man. This hunky man who was ..
          unnnn, yesss! David had freed one of her breasts, and his
          mouth closed over the nubbin of her nipple. Susan's hands
          entwined in his hair, as she held his head against her
          breast. `Ohh, yes David, ahhh', she found herself moaning.
          David's was tonguing her nipple and it seemed to be growing
          harder and more sensitive, sending sensations down to her
          pussy. She could feel how wet her skimpy panties were
          getting.

            `Do you like that Suzi?', he asked with his warm voice.
          `Yesss!', was Susan's urgent reply. He resumed his licking,
          and then Susan felt David's hand on her bare bottom. He had
          rucked up her mini-skirt, and had slid his hand inside her
          panties. Susan involuntarily pushed her bottom back against
          his hand, moaning at the same time. `Do you want me baby?',
          David asked, stopping his licking for a second. His voice was
          husky, and only added to Susan's growing passion. `Yes, oh
          yes!', was her breathless reply.

            David stepped back from her, and observed her for a moment.
          Susan felt bereft for a second, and then self-conscious
          again. Had she come-on too strong? Did he think her a slut?
          Her worries dissolved as she recognised the look of lust in
          his eyes, and as he removed his trainers and socks, and
          started to unbutton his shirt. Susan stood there and stared
          as David's masculine and muscular chest came into view. The
          hairs at the centre were enticing, Susan wanted to run her
          hands through them, but she was rooted to the spot. Once he'd
          discarded his shirt, he stepped towards her again. Susan,
          suddenly feeling shy, had to stop herself from bolting. His
          hands finished unbuttoning her silk blouse, pulled it free of
          her skirt, and lowered it down her arms. His eyes devoured
          her pert breasts, as her blouse slid to the floor. Susan was
          proud of her breasts, they thrust up and stood-out well, but
          even so, she was tempted to cover them with her arms. No man
          had ever seen her breasts before; no man had ever stared so
          openly, so lustfully. David pulled her towards him for
          another kiss. Both were aware of when her naked breasts first
          touched, and then flattened against, his manly chest.

            Susan's moan was swallowed up in David's kisses. It was
          caused partly from the sensations coming from her breasts,
          and partly from the feel of David's erection pressing against
          her crotch. David's hands ran up and down her back, and
          elicited incredible sensations. Susan was emboldened to try
          the same, raking her nails gently down David's back. He
          arched against her, and his tongue probed even deeper. He
          hands dropped to her sides and, without breaking their kiss,
          lifted her skirt. Susan could feel it happening, and knew
          that soon her soaking panties would be visible to David's
          sight. Any self-consciousness however was being swallowed up
          in the growing passion - the rubbing of her breasts against
          David's chest was absolute magic! David's hands were running
          up and down the tops of her thighs at the front, sometimes
          stopping before her panties, sometimes running over them. The
          sensations were amazing. Susan found herself trying to turn
          into David's caresses, so that his magic hands would touch
          her aching clit and sopping pussy. David however was teasing
          her.

            Eventually, David drew away, and knelt before her. Susan
          was standing before him, her naked breasts heaving as she
          panted for breath, her legs slightly splayed, her skirt a
          band at her waist, and her white panties almost transparent
          at the patch where her love juices had flowed freely. Susan
          looked down mesmerised, as David leaned closer and then
          pressed his face against her panties. An involuntary `Ohhhhh
          David!' escaped her lips, as Susan's clitoris leaped at the
          long-sought for pressure. David's nose was pressed against
          her clit, as his tongue probed the wet patch, making it even
          wetter.

            Then David hooked his hands into the band of her panties
          and slowly pulled them down. His response was to exclaim
          `Wow, Suzi, you're beautiful', in an awed whisper, as Susan
          was revealed before him. David then stood-up, and Susan
          boldly put her hands out to undo the buckle of his belt. Her
          hands trembled as they brushed his warm stomach. Eventually
          the belt was undone, the button at the waist-band freed, and
          the zip was inched down. Susan found herself holding her
          breath as David's pants were revealed. He was wearing sexy
          briefs, and the bulge at the front was gigantic! It jumped
          slightly when Susan brushed against it as she was unzipping
          him. David stepped out of his trousers, and removed his
          briefs. His erection sprang free. It stood straight-out in
          front of him, bold and throbbing. The purple head was
          engorged and angry looking. Susan stared mesmerised, and
          then, slowly, gently, touched it. It was so firm, so hard,
          and so warm. David moaned at her touch. It was so big, how
          was she ever to get that inside her? It was the instinctive
          fear of a virgin; the fact that she'd pushed Melonie's
          vibrator, which was a bit bigger, into Nicole's vagina only
          two days ago was long forgotten.

            `Do you like what you see?', David asked with a tremor in
          his voice. `Oh, definitely!', was Susan's positive response,
          `It is so big, so hard. I've never seen ..., David, I'm not
          sure, um, that is, um, You know I'm a virgin don't you?'.
          `Don't worry baby. I'll be very gentle, and anyway, by the
          time I've finished preparing you, you'll be so wet that
          you`ll take me, no trouble', was David's confident reply.
          `Touch me like this', David continued, taking Susan's hand,
          and showing her how to move it on his erection. `That's it,
          yea, .. wow, go baby!, Yes, as bit harder', he directed.
          Susan was enjoying touching his penis, his cock.., and she
          was enjoying being able to elicit these responses from him.
          On impulse, she bent down, and took the object that all her
          attention was focused on into her mouth. Actually, all she
          managed was to fit the head of his penis in, even with her
          mouth at full stretch.

            Nevertheless, David groaned, and said `Yesss! Lovely Suzi,
          Suck my cock! Take my prick in your virgin mouth'. Susan was
          getting more and more steamed. It was so lewd, so dirty, so
          ... sexy, having the masculine taste of a hard cock in her
          mouth. One of her hands moved down between her legs, `Boy, am
          I wet', she said. `Sucking cock turns you on does it?', asked
          David between gasps, as her tongue licked and produced
          amazing sensations. `Mmmm', was all Susan could reply, her
          mouth full again with David's penis.

            After a time, David said, `Better stop now, I can't last
          much longer if you keep on doing that', while he helped Susan
          to her feet. She took the opportunity to quickly step out of
          her mini-skirt, before she was embraced in David's arms
          again. This time they were both naked, and David's large
          erection flattened against her bare stomach, heating her even
          move. It was so sensual, being naked together. Then David led
          her over to her bed, and eased them both down onto it. Susan
          just laid back and enjoyed the sensations as David's hands
          caressed her body, and his tongue and mouth followed his
          hands. Susan closed her eyes and savoured the sensations
          coming from her sides, her breasts, her naval, her checks,
          her forehead, her lips, her thighs, her neck ... sensations
          were flooding in from everywhere, and she was having trouble
          processing them all. All she knew was that there was an ache
          between her legs, and she couldn't help parting them, and
          exposing herself to David's gaze.

            Susan moaned as she felt David's hard prick nudging between
          her labia. She looked down, and saw David kneeling between
          her legs, with his hard cock ready to enter her. Thankfully,
          sometime, she wasn't sure when, he'd thought to put a condom
          on. She was ready - the head of his prick was glistening with
          her juices that coated her labia. She wanted him, she wanted
          to be filled. Susan lifted her hips to encourage him, but
          David moved back, content to let his cock just rest on her
          pussy. Susan moaned in frustration, and David asked, `What's
          the matter?'. `I want you'. `What do you want?' `I want you
          to enter me, I want you to fuck me', Susan boldly asserted.
          `Your virgin cunt is hungry for my cock is it? You want me to
          give you your first proper fucking, do you?'

            `Yess!, Oh yes!', Susan replied, hardly knowing which way
          was up in the passion of the moment. Then she gasped, as
          David's hard prick slowly entered her. She was being
          stretched, she was stretching to accommodate him. Then there
          was a sharp pain, a tearing inside. `Aoww!' was Susan's cry.
          All sexual feelings vanished in an instance. All there was
          was a searing pain inside her. Slowly it dulled, and Susan
          was aware that David had sunk his full length into her. Then
          the sensations started to return. The delicious stretching,
          the weight on her throbbing clitoris, the whole-body
          sensation of being under a large male body that was
          enveloping and filling her. Then David moved, there was
          soreness, but there was also an indescribable thrill. Nothing
          at all like she got from moving her fingers in her vagina.
          David pumped slowly in and out. The pleasure rose, Susan
          became flushed. She was being fucked. This man was fucking
          her. The deep strokes seemed to fill her whole body; Susan
          couldn't help arching up into them and moaning. The steady
          rhythm was getting to her clitoris. Then David increased the
          tempo, and Susan found herself struggling for breath, `Oh
          yes, fuck me, fuck me', she encouraged. `Suzi, you're so hot,
          so tight. I'm fucking your virgin cunt', David gasped, his
          own pleasure growing rapidly. David slowed his rhythm, and
          brought himself under control, while continuing to drive
          Susan towards a peak of excitement. `Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh' she
          panted, in time with his thrusts. `Ohhh......', her face was
          beet-root red, her face contorted in a grimace, her mouth
          opened in a silent scream. David, seeing Susan coming under
          him, increased his tempo, and came uncontrollably while Susan
          was still climaxing. `Yes! Oh Yes! Fuck! You're so hot.
          You're a hot little fucker Suzi'.

            Their movements stilled, and they caught their breath.
          Susan wanted to lie like that for a while, but David rolled
          off her, and disposed of his condom in her bin. Susan was
          suddenly aware of her nakedness. The magic of a moment before
          dissolved into the prosaic, and somewhat squalid,
          surroundings of her room. `David, come back to bed', Susan
          heard herself saying. `Sorry baby, got t'go. I'm meeting
          someone', replied David, curtly, as he pulled on his clothes.
          Susan was struggling hard to grasp what was happening. `You
          not leaving ...'. `Yea, 'fraid so', David asserted, with
          boorish insensitivity to Susan's feelings. `You're one hot
          little fuck, but my fiancie is waiting'.

            It took a moment to sink in, but when it did ... `Your
          WHAT!', screamed Susan. Anger welled within her as it slowly
          penetrated that she'd just been used. `You pig! You fucking
          bastard! Get out, Get Out!', Susan knew she was losing
          control, but didn't care. Where an inner warmth of love and
          contentment has been, now only existed a void - the gaping
          emptiness of desertion. `Go on, fuck off!', she picked up a
          book and threatened to throw it at the smug economist.

            `I'm off baby. Boy, were you hot for my dick. You were one
          cherry that was ripe for picking, and you've got one wet and
          tight cunt', was David's parting shoot, as he walked out her
          door. The thud of the book as it hit the door as it closed
          was no consolation. She'd trusted him, she'd almost felt she
          loved him, she given herself unreservedly to him. Cold anger
          and hatred flowed into the void within her. She felt so used,
          so dirty. Tears of shame, anger, and self-pity welled up in
          her eyes, and the first one flowing down her check was the
          start of torrent that ended with her sobbing into her pillow.

                                ***** +++++ *****

            There was a gentle knocking on her door. Susan eventually
          heard it over her quiet sobs. `Uh, Who is it?', she managed
          to ask in an almost ordinary voice. `It me Suzi, open-up',
          replied Nicole. `Go away', Susan didn't feel like company
          just at that moment. `Come on, open-up, you need a shoulder
          to cry on. Susan rolled off the bed and unlocked the door.
          Nicole opened it, and came in to the room. `Oh Susie, I
          couldn't help overhearing some of it, Oh baby', Susan found
          herself being hugged by Nicole, and slowly spilling the
          details of how that bastard had behaved.

            Nicole got Susan to wrap herself up, and she put the kettle
          on and made a steaming cup of coffee. Susan's pain was numbed
          slightly in female camaraderie, and complaints against all
          men. It was late by the time Nicole left Susan's room.


                                  Susan Starts ...
                                  Parts 5 & 6


          5. Wednesday

            Susan felt like death-warmed up the next morning. She spent
          a long time in the shower trying to scrub every memory of
          last night from her. Any remembered pleasure was washed away
          in a torrent of emotional pain. She oscillated between shame
          and burning anger. She should have seen the signs ..., but
          then again, he had been so attentive - until he'd got inside
          her pants anyway. There was definitely a fine line between
          being treated roughly in sexual excitement to add a little
          spice, and the cold contempt that lay behind some of his
          remarks last night.

            After the shower, clean clothes, and a good breakfast,
          Susan felt more human, and even up to planning the day. She
          only had two lectures today, one at ten, and the other at
          eleven. How irritating to have an hours' gap between them.
          Too short to make it worth heading back to her room - she'd
          just have to go to the library or something. Susan got down
          to do some preparatory reading for her lectures, and was
          pleased with the progress she made. Work was clearly going to
          be interesting if she throw herself into it, and feeling
          decidedly off sex at the moment, that was exactly what Susan
          intended to do this term.

            She sat next to a girl she hadn't spoken to before during
          the first lecture, whose name she discovered was Rachel. They
          decided to go to the Students Lounge for coffee between
          lectures rather that work in the library. It turned out that
          Rachel was from a neighbouring town to the one in which Susan
          grew-up, and that they knew many of the same places. Rachel
          was quite beautiful, but Susan was so uninterested in
          anything sexual that this barely registered.

            In the next lecture, Susan sat next to Paul. They nattered
          away like old friends - writing messages to each other on one
          another's notes. Paul was definitely safe to be around. Susan
          was feeling dramatically happier as she headed back to
          Cromwell hall for lunch.

            That afternoon she got down to some serious work in her
          room. She even managed to get most of the lab written up,
          although there were one or two results she wanted to discuss
          with Paul, 'cos she was sure they were wrong by an order of
          magnitude or more.

            Her work in late afternoon was interrupted by Melonie
          knocking on the door. She was dressed in blue jeans, and a
          soft cream sweater, and she had her beautiful red hair up.
          She wanted to come and console Susan. Susan needed a break
          anyway, so they made some coffee and Susan told her what
          happened with David. Melonie was an attentive listener, and
          made appropriate noises of sympathy and outrage, and Susan
          warmed to her new friend all over again. In fact, Susan found
          herself beginning to think sexually about her. She was so
          feminine, so soft and so cuddly ... so completely different
          from David!

            At some stage in their conversation, it became clear to
          both of them that the other was starting to have sexual
          thoughts. This was conveyed intangibly by an increased
          wetting of the lips and the subtle body language of position
          and movement. Eventually Susan took the initiative, and stood
          in front of Melonie as she sat of the edge of the bed. She
          pushed Melonie back on the bed and sat beside her, lowering
          her mouth to Melonie's. The kiss was long and probing, and
          left them both breathless. Susan's hand was just under
          Melonie's sweater - caressing her bare stomach. Determinedly,
          she pushed the sweater up, and revealed Melonie's large pale
          breasts - she'd not been wearing a bra. The nipples were
          erect already, as Susan lowered her mouth to enclose them.

            Melonie moaned, and held Susan's head against her breasts.
          And Susan was more than happy to keep on sucking and licking.
          Melonie made little whimpering noises as Susan worked her
          magic. Susan noticed that Melonie was getting so hot that her
          legs had drifted open. `Is your pussy getting all hot and
          wet?', Susan asked, stopping her licking. Melonie's face was
          definitely flushed, and her eyes had that un-focused
          passionate look. She only managed a nod in reply. `Do you
          want me to touch your there?', Susan asked, unnecessarily, as
          she ran her hand up and down one of Melonie's thighs.
          Melonie's voice was husky with passion, as she whispered her
          `Yes!'. Melonie couldn't suppress a quiet moan as Susan's
          hand drifted lazily up the inside of her thigh, only to jump
          over to the other thigh, and begin a downward journey. Susan
          could feel her own nipples tingling and swollen as she
          watched Melonie lift her hips from the bed to thrust her
          heated pussy up as if seeking a hard cock. Susan's teasing
          caresses continued, and elicited a stream of soft `Ohhs' and
          `Ahhs' from the panting girl beneath her. Her own pussy was
          also getting very steamed by the whole situation. Susan
          pushed her skirt up with her free hand, and rubbed the wet
          spot on her panties.

            Susan started rubbing both their pussies, Melonie's through
          her jeans, her own through her panties. Melonie was lost in
          the sensations Susan was generating, her eyes were closed,
          her freckled face flushed, she was panting, and her head
          moving slowly from side-to-side. Suddenly, Melonie arched on
          the bed beneath her, and let out a long `AhhhHHHH'. Susan
          found it incredibly exciting to see her friend writhe in
          ecstasy.

            Susan stood-up and pulled down her panties and left them on
          the floor. She backed up to a wall, and held up her skirt at
          the front. `Come and lick me!', she demanded, a bit more
          urgently than she intended due to her sexual excitement.
          Melonie, recovering from her own orgasm, rolled off the bed,
          and came and knelt before Susan. `Suzi, you're so wet', she
          whispered. `I know, eat me!', Susan demanded, taking hold of
          Melonie's head and pulling her against her sopping cunt. `Ah
          yesss!', she breathed, as Melonie's little pick tongue probed
          stiffly between her puffy labia. `Ooh, Melonie, your tongue
          is .. ahh .. wonder .. ahh .. ful.', Susan gasped, as Melonie
          licked from her vagina to her clitoris and back again, time
          after time.

            Susan was shuddering uncontrollably as she stood there with
          Melonie lapping at her cunt. The sensations were amazing.
          Melonie wrought a big moan from Susan, as she worked two
          fingers of one hand up Susan's cunt while she licked her
          clitoris. `OHH, Wow', moaned Susan weakly. Susan suddenly
          stiffened as she felt Melonie try to push one of her fingers
          covered with her pussy juices into her bottom. `What .. ?',
          was Susan's startled question, but before she could finish
          it, Melonie's finger was up her ass and the sensation, given
          her current state of arousal, was amazing. Before Susan knew
          what was happening she was climaxing so hard from clitoral
          and anal stimulation that she slide down the wall to end up
          in a heap on the floor. Melonie kept up the licking of
          Susan's clit, and kept up the pumping of her finger in and
          out of her anus and Susan climaxed two more times in quick
          succession, leaving her a helpless rag doll on the floor.

            When Susan had recovered she asked Melonie where she had
          learnt that trick, and Melonie explained that her second
          boyfriend had done it to her as they fucked in the back of
          his car, and she'd come `like a fire cracker'. `I don't know
          why, it's not so much the sensations as the thought of it -
          it is sooo dirty and depraved - but I love it', Melonie
          continued. `Yea, me too, I think', said Susan. `I'd have
          thought so!', said Melonie with a cheeky grin.

            The interlude over, Melonie left, and Susan returned to her
          work. She decided to turn in early as she wanted to put in a
          hard day's study tomorrow. Susan fell asleep quickly, partly
          from tiredness from yesterday, and partly from much of the
          pain being dulled by the beautiful friendship she was
          developing with Melonie.


          6. Thursday

            Susan slept fitfully, being plagued with erotic dreams.
          Against her will, she found herself taking part in dreams
          where she was being fucked by David. In these dreams he was
          so skilful in wielding a massive erection that she would come
          time after time, being reduced to a sobbing begging slave of
          pleasure. Susan woke in a really foul mood. She hated him!
          She did not want to be his plaything, his conquest. She was
          her own woman. Nevertheless, she couldn't avoid the erotic
          remembrance of a how a hard penis had felt in her mouth, in
          her hand, as her fingers curled around it, and in her cunt,
          stretching her deliciously.

            As she collected her milk for breakfast from the kitchen
          she met Nicole. They ate breakfast together, talking about
          their courses. Moving the conversation on, Nicole mentioned
          in passing that John was coming down tomorrow - `Horny
          bastard, can't keep away - he wasn't supposed to come down
          again for another two weeks', was her typically blunt
          assessment of his motives. `You're just as horny for him',
          Susan noted with amusement. `That's for sure', Nicole agreed,
          `Speaking of being horny, are you still interested in joining
          us, like we've discussed?'.

            Susan thought hard about her reply. She could still
          remember how John had looked with just his towel wrapped
          around him - he was definitely "a bit of alright".
          Furthermore she was feeling definitely horny after her
          disturbed night of dreams. However, David had hurt her - he
          had used her, pretending to be interested in her when all he
          wanted was to get into her pants. `I don't know, I'm not very
          interested in men just now', she replied eventually.

            `I know, I understand. Don't worry about it. You don't have
          to decide yet, see how you feel tomorrow', Nicole responded.
          Susan felt great warmth towards her new friend, Nicole had
          comforted her so well on   that night, and now was being so
          understanding.

                                ***** +++++ *****

            After breakfast, Susan had no lectures, so she decided that
          she would go and study with Paul, she intended to finish
          getting that lab written up. She headed over to Paul's room,
          in Randall Hall; enjoying the bracing air of early autumn,
          and admiring the array of colours that the leaves were
          proclaiming. Chlorophyll breakdown, Susan noted, with prosaic
          scientific commentary. When she reached Paul room, number
          114, she banged loudly on the door. This was greeted with a
          sleepy groan from within, and a not particularly friendly,
          `Who-is-it?'.

            `Susie, Susie Braddock', Susan responded cheerfully.
          Somehow the fact that `Perfect Paul' was not up and working
          from first light, and he was grumpy first thing in the
          morning like a normal human being, was somehow refreshing.

            `Ah, hold on, just a second'. A minute later Paul opened
          the door dressed in a rather old dressing gown. `Come in,
          sorry I wasn't up', Paul said, standing aside to let her
          enter. Susan entered, and guessed that Paul had been busy
          trying to make his room a little more presentable before he
          asked her in. However, he had conspicuously failed: it was an
          utter tip. There were clothes in piles on the floor; unwashed
          coffee cups overflowed the sink; .... it would clearly take a
          lot longer than a minute or two to turn it into some sort of
          order, Susan noted with humour.

            As if suddenly aware of the musty-ness of his room, Paul
          opened a window, and gusts of fresh air entered. As he was
          doing that Susan took the opportunity to observe him. He
          looked rather masculine in his robe, his hairy muscular
          calves and strong feet emphasising his manliness. His hair
          was definitely tousled, but as he'd just got up, so that
          wasn't surprising. He looked rather rugged, and Susan was
          surprised to find herself responding to the sight of him. She
          hadn't really thought of him as anymore than a friend before.
          Paul turned, and caught her looking at him. Susan blushed,
          turned away, and said, `I was hoping we could finish off this
          lab write-up this morning'.

            `Yea, sure. Um, I'll just, ah, shower and get dressed',
          Paul replied. The look he'd seen on Susan's face was
          disconcerting ...  She was very beautiful when she blushed.
          `Yes, you go and shower, and I'll start on the dishes', Susan
          ordered, taking control of the situation. `There's no need to
          ...', Paul started to reply but Susan interrupted him, `Yes
          there is, now move it, we've got some studying to do'.

            `Just like my mother', Paul muttered, loud enough for Susan
          to hear, as he headed off to the shower. Susan just smiled.
          When he returned he found that Susan had really gotten into
          the domestic scene, and after finishing the mugs, had started
          on tidying the rest of his room. Susan waited outside his
          room while he got dressed. She was tempted to put her eye to
          the keyhole, but resisted successfully. `Show some dignity',
          she thought to herself.

            Soon he was dressed, and they got down to some studying.
          Actually it wasn't as productive as it could have been. They
          spent too much time joking, and talking about all sorts of
          trivial things. Nevertheless, the lab was written up, and
          they finished their preparation for the next, which was that
          afternoon.

            They had lunch together at the cafeteria, and turned up for
          their lab on time. Their preparation paid off, and Susan even
          understood what she was doing and trying to achieve most of
          the time! They finished half and hour early, and headed back
          to their halls. They reached Cromwell Hall first, and Susan
          invited Paul in for a coffee.

            It was very different with Paul in her room compared with
          David. David had had a real aura of sexuality which had made
          her nervous. Paul, however, was a friend. A friend she was
          beginning to be interested in, true, but he was comfortable,
          nevertheless.

            Susan had noticed that Paul had stolen the odd look at her
          through-out the day, looks that could almost be interpreted
          as lustful. He's interested, she had concluded, feeling
          rather pleased. Now, in the security of her own room, she
          felt safe enough to engage in a little light flirting. She
          made sure that their hands brushed as she gave him his
          coffee; her breast brushed his arm as she reached passed him
          for the biscuit tin; and she positioned herself in a
          discreetly provocative manner in the chair across from him.
          Susan was amused to see Paul become slightly flustered, not
          really being aware of what was going on, nor why he was
          suddenly finding himself responding to her more strongly than
          usual.

            Susan was thinking about how she could take things further,
          and whether she really wanted to, when a knock come on her
          door. She opened it to find Nicole and Melonie, who were
          inviting themselves in for coffee. Susan felt a little
          put-out by this intrusion, but couldn't think of a polite way
          of rejecting her friends. So she found her self making coffee
          for her friends. Her room was small and she was less than
          delighted to find Nicole had taken her seat and Melonie was
          sitting on the bed beside Paul - a bit too close she thought
          jealously. Paul had not met Nicole or Melonie before, but
          they were quickly getting to know one another. `Perhaps he
          has better social skills than I first thought', Susan thought
          with a mixture of emotions; pride that he could handle
          himself socially, jealous that he was joking so freely with
          other women.

            `Susan Braddock just stop this at once, You've got no claim
          on him, and anyway, you are not interested in any men at the
          moment', she scolded herself in her thoughts. `Pull yourself
          together woman!' Thus chastised, Susan forced herself to
          enter into the easy bantering conversation. However, she was
          acutely aware that Melonie's thigh would brush Paul's from
          time to time, and that, at one stage, Nicole reached over and
          placed a hand briefly on Paul's knee. Paul himself seemed
          unconcerned and unaware that her two "friends" were making a
          play for him. Before long, however, Paul made excuses about
          having to go and prepare his evening meal. Susan was glad to
          rescue him from her friends, and after seeing him to the
          door, arranged to met him for studying the next afternoon.

            When Susan re-entered the room, Nicole stood-up, moved
          towards her, and whispered in her ear: `We know the thing to
          take your mind off your man problems'. And with that, Nicole
          captured both her hands in hers. Meanwhile, Melonie had also
          stood-up, and was moving behind her. while rummaging in her
          bag.

            Susan was immediately apprehensive, and she wasn't feeling
          at all sexy yet, being still a bit irritated by her friends
          intrusion. However, the sexiness of the situation, the
          vice-like grip of Nicole's hands, and her sexy whispering
          about having been into town this morning and having bought a
          "toy" that they were sure that she'd like, surprisingly
          quickly started to get Susan turned on. She was more of a
          slut than she'd ever thought possible only a week ago, she
          concluded to herself.

            Melonie meanwhile had come up behind her, and was running a
          hand over her breasts from behind. Susan could feel Melonie's
          soft breasts squashed against her back, and she couldn't help
          rubbing her bottom against Melonie's crotch. Melonie's other
          hand was rucking up her skirt, and caressing her thighs.
          Nicole meanwhile was nibbling her ear-lobe in between
          promising her sexual delights the likes of which she'd never
          dreamt. In spite of herself, Susan found it very flattering
          and extremely exciting to be the centre of attention of her
          two friends. Her sensations were starting to overload again.
          Her pussy was definitely getting wet.

            Just then Melonie's questing hand started a slow climb up
          the inside of her thighs. Susan found herself parting her
          legs for her friend - it was as if her will had melted like
          butter. Nicole meanwhile had taken to unbuttoning Susan's
          blouse with one hand, while keeping her hands imprisoned with
          her other hand. Susan could have broken free at anytime, but
          she had no inclination to. The spice of being forced was
          intoxicating. Susan shuddered as she felt Melonie's fingers
          brush her vaginal lips through her panties. `Wow, you are
          wet. You really want to be fucked by us girls, don't you?',
          Melonie asked, partly with surprise, and partly to incite
          Susan into vocalising her arousal. `Un, oh, yes', Susan
          managed to force out, her breath suddenly seeming to be in
          short supply.

            Nicole tied Susan's wrists together with a scarf from
          Melonie's bag, and then took over the caressing of Susan's
          breasts. She pinched Susan's nipples quite hard. `OHH', was
          the urgent gasp that was brought to Susan lips. `Oh my clit
          throbs when you do that, oh, yes, yes', Susan panted, as
          Nicole's fingers elicited erotic sensations from her nipples
          that could not be denied. Melonie meanwhile was easing
          Susan's sopping panties down her thighs.

            Before Susan knew it, she was naked, kneeling down on the
          floor with her bottom in the air, her face in one of her
          pillows from the bed, and her hands still tied together out
          in front of her. She was wiggling her bottom hoping that her
          friends would continue caressing her, but as she could see
          looking back between her thighs, Nicole and Melonie were busy
          undressing each other somewhat urgently. Somehow the exposure
          and wantonness of the position into which Nicole and Melonie
          had manoeuvred her, only added to Susan's horniness. Her
          clitoris was throbbing so that she couldn't avoid making
          little moaning noises from time to time as she waited for her
          friends, even though no-one was touching her. Her fevered
          imagination was anticipating the delights promised by Nicole.
          Apparently they were going to push Melonie's vibrator up her
          ass, and Nicole was going to fuck her with a double-ended
          dildo that they'd purchased from a sex shop that morning.
          Susan felt so wet she almost wondered if a drop or two of her
          love juice was dripping onto the carpet. She had never felt
          so much anticipation.

            Susan almost swooned when she felt Melonie's hand return to
          her pussy. She was collecting Susan's love juices so that she
          could smear it all over her bottom, and especially around and
          in her anus. Susan couldn't help clenching her sphincter
          muscles as she felt Melonie probe with one finger. However,
          it was so slippery that Melonie's finger quickly sunk in to
          the hilt. Susan and Melonie moaned at the same time. It was
          so lewd and exciting. Then Susan felt Melonie's finger leave
          and the cold plastic of her vibrator take its place, probing
          her opening. Susan was so worked up that she couldn't help
          thrusting her bottom up to meet it. `You sure are horny', she
          heard Nicole saying from somewhere behind her, but it didn't
          matter. All that mattered was that she was fucked. The
          vibrator slide in all-of-a-sudden, taking Susan by surprise,
          and she moaned her passion into the pillow.

            Before she had quite adjusted to the amazing stretching and
          filling sensation of that, she felt the probing of something
          else between her labia. Looking back, she could see Nicole
          behind her with a giant dildo sticking out of her cunt.
          Nicole must have been pretty wet to have managed to fit the
          other end in her, Susan thought, just before rational thought
          dissolved with the sensation of her pussy being stretched as
          her friend slide into her. It was amazing. Different from how
          it had been the first time with David - not better, just
          different.

            Susan felt so lewd with a vibrator stuck up her ass, and
          her friend fucking her with a double-ended dildo. She
          couldn't stop saying, `Oh, yes, yes, oh, wow, yes, fuck me,
          stick it up me, oh, oh, ... '. Melonie had turned the
          vibrator on at one point, and it was causing a deep throbbing
          somewhere deep inside her. Nicole was setting up a rhythm. It
          was deliciously different from fucking, the dildo sliding
          about in both their sopping pussies slightly out of step with
          their thrusts. Before Susan knew what was happening she was
          climaxing uncontrollably. She was moaning ecstatically into
          her pillow, she wanted to flail her legs about, but the way
          that Nicole kept hold of her hips and kept on fucking her
          didn't give Susan that freedom.

            When Susan came down from her exquisite high, she realised
          that Nicole still hadn't come, and that she was continuing to
          thrust the dildo in and out of them. The sensations where
          pleasant, especially combined with the vibrations coming from
          the vibrator, but the urgency had gone for Susan for the
          moment, so she looked around for Melonie. She found her half
          sitting, half lying on the chair, with three fingers up her
          pussy. She was definitely flushed, and had that look of
          concentration that spoke of a climax not too far away. Susan
          found the sight very stimulating, and got back into thrusting
          back at Nicole as she thrust into her. This brought a cry of
          passion from Nicole who was approaching her own crisis. The
          groan was echoed by Melonie who was watching her friends fuck
          each other with the dildo, and it was enough to send her over
          the top to a satisfying climax, as her fingers pumped in and
          out of her.

            Seeing Melonie finger-fuck herself spurred Nicole and Susan
          on, and before long they both came. Susan collapsed under
          Nicole, her breathing coming in very shallow gasps. As they
          lay there trying to re-gain their breath Susan could feel a
          third climax building from the vibrator still stuck up her
          bottom. Her moans brought Melonie over to start sliding the
          vibrator in and out of her. Within a minute Susan shuddered
          in a third and final climax, and then Melonie took the
          vibrator out and turned it off.

            It had been a good time, but looking back on it, it made
          them slightly uneasy in each others' company. Susan felt
          embarrassed about how shameless she had been, and how she had
          responded to the crude things her friends had said and done
          to her. Nicole and Melonie sensed her embarrassment, and it
          made conversation slightly awkward. Before long they left.

            Susan was by herself in her room. Her body was pleasantly
          satisfied with the afterglow of good sex, but she felt empty.
          A little-bit used by her friends perhaps? She curled up on
          her bed and cried herself to sleep, wishing that she was back
          at home with her parents and little brother.

            Later that evening Susan woke to feel Nicole slip into bed
          beside her - she must have left her door on the latch, not a
          good habit to get into, she mentally noted. Nicole cuddled
          her, and apologised if they had been too rough with her
          earlier. They kissed sweetly, and fell asleep in
          one-another's arms.



                                  Susan Starts ...
                                  Parts 7 & 8

          7. Friday

            It was nice waking up in the same bed as Nicole - even if
          it was a bit cramped. Susan felt extremely peaceful and happy
          that morning. Her body still felt relaxed and satisfied from
          the delights of the previous night. Susan lent over and
          kissed Nicole's soft nipples. They started to harden slowly,
          and Nicole moaned in her sleep. Encouraged, Susan started
          licking them in earnest. Nicole woke to feel a fire being lit
          within her, as her nipples where being lathed by a hot
          tongue. `Oh Suzi, that is wonderful', she moaned languidly.
          Susan continued sucking and licking for some time, and then
          moved down Nicole's body, pioneering with a trail of kisses.
          Susan closed her mouth on her friends pussy without the usual
          teasing. Nicole arched, as she felt the wet tongue part her
          labia, and stimulate the outer part of her cunt. Susan licked
          up, and found Nicole's clitoris, which she proceeded to strum
          rhythmically. Before long Nicole was whimpering, and she was
          holding Susan's head against her. Nicole came with the
          exquisite sensations moments later. Susan looked up, and
          smiled at her satisfied friend. Nicole smiled back, the smile
          of a satisfied woman.

            Nicole had an early lecture, so they hurriedly washed, had
          breakfast, and headed off to the lecture block. Susan left
          Nicole there, and headed on to the library. Having got up so
          early, she intended to make good use of the morning by
          getting some reading done. She met Rachel there, and they
          worked together in companionable silence for a couple of
          hours. Susan found herself quite attracted to Rachel, who was
          a brunette, with rather small breasts. Her face was flawless;
          her lips were perfectly formed, and were always smiling, her
          eyes sparkled with life. However, she felt unsure about
          letting Rachel know her attraction. She may be horrified to
          receive an advance from another woman. If she was rejected,
          Susan knew she would die of embarrassment. Things had
          practically just happened with Nicole and Melonie, but to
          coldly plan to initiate a sexual encounter was something else
          again - Susan wasn't sure that she'd ever have the courage.
          Although, may be, at times, she'd feel so horny that she'd
          just take the risk anyway. Susan wasn't sure. It was a whole
          new complicated world that had opened up to her since she had
          arrived at University. At least with boys, they were supposed
          to take the initiative (well, that may not be necessary, but
          it was still common - Susan mentally edited her thoughts to
          be politically correct). However, when you were both women
          what was the protocol? Susan didn't know.

            After lunch at the cafeteria, Susan had another lecture.
          She met up with Paul outside the lecture hall, and they sat
          together during the lecture. It was one of the most boring
          lectures of Susan's life. The lecturer seemed to mumble on
          about something or other, but there didn't seem to be any
          structure or direction to the ramble. `I can see that this is
          one subject we`re going to have to learn from textbooks',
          Paul commentated under his breath half way through the
          lecture. Susan couldn't help but agree. The next lecture was
          refreshingly different, and Susan felt glad that she'd
          decided to study her subject. The lecturer was young, but
          well organised and enthusiastic. It made all the difference.
          The third lecture was the second one on that subject, the
          first Susan had missed on Tuesday morning when she'd failed
          to get up. Susan struggled throughout to understand what was
          going on, and, just before the end, it started to make some
          sense - sort-a.

            Susan walked back to the halls with Paul. He invited her
          over to his hall, to share his dinner, and she gladly
          accepted. Her own cooking wasn't too bad, but it wasn't up to
          her mother's standards. However, she believed, men fell into
          two categories, those that couldn't cook, and never attempted
          it, and those that cooked, and were potential chefs. The fact
          that Paul cooked, meant that he would obviously fall into the
          second category. Susan's philosophy was rudely shattered by
          Paul's attempt half an hour later. It was barely edible -
          worse than her own. They fell about laughing at the result.
          Susan laughed even more when Paul claimed that he was
          normally better than this, it was all the oven's fault. She
          had the giggles that just wouldn't quit. Eventually, she
          managed to explain to Paul her theory about male cooks, and
          he too dissolved into giggles, as Susan tried to explain that
          her whole philosophy of cooking had been overturned in moment
          of culinary catastrophe. `Who needs drugs or alcohol to get
          high?', Paul had asked when they had regained some composure.
          Susan agreed, she couldn't remember when she'd had such a
          good time.

            However all good times come to an end, and Paul had another
          student coming round to study with that night, to study a
          subject that Susan wasn't taking, so she headed back to her
          own room. Just as Susan was about to enter her room, Nicole
          came out of her door. `Oh, hi Nicole, have you seen
          Melonie?', Susan asked. `Yea, she's got a date this evening
          with this hunk - a computer scientist', `Oh', said Susan, who
          had half planned on making sure there were no bad feelings
          between them about yesterday evening, and perhaps, if the
          truth be told, on seducing her.

            `By the way', Nicole continued, `John's just arrived, why
          don't you come in for a coffee?' Susan had forgotten that
          John was expected, so she was caught unprepared. `Oh, I don't
          know ... Um, I'm ... ', `At least come in for a coffee',
          Nicole interrupted, standing aside to let Susan enter. It was
          with some trepidation that Susan entered. John didn't notice
          her immediately, he had his back to the door and was busy
          struggling out of his motor-cycle gear. John looked really
          surprised when he turned and saw her, `Oh!, your ..., um,
          sorry I've forgotten your name', `Susie', Susan supplied.
          `Yes, of course, Susie, We met last week, you're the one who,
          um, yes', John wound down in confusion.

            Susan, with her new confidence in interacting with men,
          simply raised a quizzical eyebrow, not letting him off the
          hook. `You're the one we had breakfast with', John ended
          lamely. Susan smiled, `It was lunch for me, but yes.'

            Nicole said, `Suzi, I haven't mentioned anything to John
          yet about our little plan', as she handed out the coffees
          that she'd just made. `Oh, and what plan is this?', asked
          John curiously, as he settled back on Nicole's bed with his
          coffee.

            `Do you want to tell him?', Nicole asked Susan with a grin.
          Susan could feel herself blushing furiously. `No!', was her
          explosive response. John looked from one to the other,
          slightly confused, but beginning to catch on that something
          interesting was afoot.

            `Well, you see... You remember that we guessed that Suzi
          had heard us fucking last weekend, and that it had got her
          all excited? Well, we were right. Suzi got really hot over us
          and just couldn't help frigging her wet pussy. Anyway, as we
          were talking during the week I mentioned our open
          relationship, and Suzi was really interested. It seems that
          she hasn't got a regular boyfriend, and is constantly really
          horny, and needs a good fucking.'

            Susan didn't know where to look as Nicole was saying this.
          She wanted to jump in and correct Nicole's story, but didn't
          know how without embarrassing herself even more. She could
          tell, without looking up, that John was intently studying
          her. Her body was beginning to tingle with sexual excitement
          now, in spite of the awfulness of the situation.

            `Is that true, Susie?', John asked, his blue eyes catching
          hers, as she looked up when he asked his question. Susan felt
          utterly embarrassed, what was she supposed to say? `Sort of',
          she said eventually, looking down at her feet.

            `Which parts are true, the bit about being constantly
          horny, or the bit about needing a good fucking?'. Susan could
          hear the good humoured smile in his voice, she didn't need to
          see his face. Was the answer to this question, the first, the
          second, both, or neither? Susan was spared answering, by
          Nicole, who said, `Don't tease, John. Susan and I are both
          eager to feel your hard, throbbing, cock up our hot, tight,
          pussies. We are going to give you the fucking of your life,
          we are going to drain you off every drop of spunk from your
          balls. The question is, are you man enough for us?'

            John looked slightly taken aback by Nicole's words, but
          quickly recovered, as Nicole stood up, put on a CD, and
          starting dancing, moving her hands up and down her body in
          the most seductive way. She ran her hands over her breasts,
          lifting them up, and thrusting her chest out at the same
          time, then provocatively running her hands down her thighs.
          Susan and Nicole both noticed the growing bulge in John's
          trousers. Susan found herself torn between wanting to watch
          the beautiful and seductive Nicole, or the lusting and horny
          John. She settled for John. She found her own excitement
          increasing as his did. If his cock was growing, her love
          juices were definitely beginning to flow. She wanted to part
          her thighs and rub her clitoris through her jeans, but she
          settled for pressing her thighs together, and feeling the
          delicious movement of her labia tugging on her clit.

            Nicole meanwhile continued her erotic movements by starting
          to unbutton her blouse. John's eyes must have seen her
          undress a hundred times, but they still bulged. Nicole's
          blouse was thrown into the corner of the room, and she
          caressed her breasts through her bra. This in turn was
          un-clipped, and Nicole danced about holding the bra cups in
          place with her hands. John tried to catch her as she moved in
          near him, but she quickly retreated out of reach. The bra
          joined her blouse, and Susan and John both admired Nicole's
          perfect breasts, alabaster white, with delicate pink nipples.
          Nicole turned to Susan and said, `Join me'.

            A few minutes ago, Susan would never have dreamt of
          blatantly performing a strip tease in front of John, but now
          ... now her clit was throbbing, now she was feeling very
          turned on, and the idea of exciting John, and Nicole, seemed
          very tempting. Nicole reached for her hands and helped her
          too her feet. Susan felt a few moments awkwardness, but as
          she started to move to the music her inhibitions seemed to
          melt like the snow at noon. She mimicked Nicole's moves of a
          few minutes ago, she couldn't help moaning however as her
          hands brushed her nipples, even through her clothes. As she
          danced, she noted John's response; he was almost drooling!
          That Nicole and Susan were both dancing provocatively before
          him was more than he could believe. Susan looked so young and
          virginal, her blond hair so beautiful, her movements so
          raunchy. John found himself rubbing himself through his
          trousers. This didn't help, it just made the discomfort at
          his tight confinement more intolerable. As Susan's blouse
          drifted over to join the Nicole's pile in the corner of the
          room, John released his erection from his jeans. It had long
          since escaped his boxer shorts, and it stood up proudly.

            Susan found the sight captivating. It was only the second
          erect penis she'd ever seen (she'd seen her little brother's
          soft penis once, by accident). As she danced, her eyes
          remained fixed on it. Nicole was transfixed as well, but
          still managed to unzip, and step out of her skirt in a
          stylish movement. She was now only wearing lacy panties. John
          could feel his cock throb at the sight of the sexy thighs of
          his wonderful girlfriend. Susan felt another twinge of self-
          consciousness as she undid her bra and brazenly revealed her
          charms. John's hand closed, convulsively, on his erect
          member. Susan forgot about herself as she watched John's
          hand start to pump his erection. She'd never seen a man
          masturbate before. It seemed to connect with erotic
          excitement centres in her brain which she had never had
          stimulated before, pleasurable shivers ran down her body.
          Susan managed to shed her jeans next without feeling too
          clumsy, and Nicole removed her panties. These developments
          brought a very appreciative whistle from John.

            Nicole came up behind Susan, and reached around and clasped
          her breasts as she danced, her own breasts flattening against
          Susan's back. Susan couldn't help the gasp that escaped her
          mouth. John could hardly believe what was transpiring before
          his very eyes, he even forgot to continue his pumping. His
          sexy girlfriend had talked one of her friends into coming
          into her room and performing a strip tease for him, and now
          she was feeling this girl up, right in front of him! And
          Susan was obviously enjoying it. Her eyes were closed and her
          movements languid. Susan gasped and John's eyes bulged again,
          as one of Nicole's hands drifted lower, caressing as it went,
          until it was running beneath Susan's panties into her bush.
          `Wow' was John's awed whisper. Susan and Nicole were both
          continuing to sway to the music, as Nicole's fingers touched
          Susan's labia. It was a moan this time that escaped from
          Susan.

            Susan was in a blaze of sexual excitement, as she swayed to
          the music, practically naked before John. A naked Nicole was
          working wonderful magic as she caressed her right breast, and
          touched her pussy. Susan sensed some movement, and when she
          opened her passion laden eyes, it was to see John kneeling
          directly in front of her, his head level with her panties.
          His hands came up and, with some trembling, closed upon her
          panties at the sides. He pulled and Susan's pussy and
          Nicole's fingers came into view. It felt so sensual to Susan
          to be so exposed. She felt even more sensual and lewd, as
          Nicole held open her labia to reveal her glistening, dark
          pink cunt to John's captivated eyes. `Ummmahh', was all she
          could reply as John's tongue darted out to taste her juices,
          and probe within her.

            Nicole was kissing and nibbling her neck, both her hands
          were now squeezing her breasts and rolling and pulling her
          nipples, and John's tongue was licking away like mad,
          creating crazy sensations. Susan was reeling with pleasure.
          It was all too much. A wave of pleasure was building within
          her, rushing towards the shore at a gallop. Susan started
          gasping and moaning incoherently, as both her hands clasped
          John's head in place. `Ohhhh, yea, yea, ah, ahh, ahhhoww,
          gosh, yes, yess!, yesss!'. It seemed incredible that she
          hadn't come yet, but still her pleasure built. Suddenly she
          was coming, `Aaaooowwwwwww, aaoww'. It felt like it would
          never stop, `Awwow, unnnm'. She wondered if it would continue
          indefinitely. `OHHHhhhhh'. It died away. Susan felt shaken to
          her core and weak all over. She had never come like that
          before.

            John was continuing to lick away, but she was too
          sensitive, she had to pull his head away. John took the
          message, and stood up and kissed her on her mouth. It was
          strange tasting herself on his lips but it wasn't unpleasant.
          Nicole disengaged herself from Susan, and came and knelt
          between them. Susan could feel the groan and urgency in
          John's kiss as Nicole's mouth closed upon the end of his very
          erect cock. Susan broke the kiss, and staggered back and sat
          down on a chair, still weak from her orgasm, and watched the
          action that was taking place in front of her. She had never
          seen anyone taking a penis in their mouth before, but it sure
          looked sexy. She loved the way that Nicole would take about
          three inches of John's throbbing erection into her mouth,
          suck it, and then would pull it out twirl her tongue over the
          head, over and over again. John seemed to be enjoying it as
          well, judging from his groans, and how red his neck and face
          were getting. His breathing was laboured as well.

            Nicole had one hand on the floor steadying herself, her
          other was rubbing away at her madly throbbing clitoris, and
          her head was bobbing up and down on John's erection.
          Suddenly, John sort-of moaned, and gasped, `Ohh, I'm gonna
          come, OH, I'm gonna come, AHH, I coming .... I coming...'.
          Susan was captivated to see great globs of white cum spurt
          from his cock and land all over Nicole's face. Her mouth was
          open, and she was trying to catch it there, but John cock was
          jerking so much that it was landing all over her face. Susan
          slipped from the chair, and knelt before Nicole, kissing the
          cum off her face. It tasted slightly salty, but rather nice.
          Nicole meanwhile was still frigging her clit in desperation.
          `I'm nearly there, just a little bit more ..', she gasped.
          Susan and John watched as Nicole brought herself to a very
          satisfying climax. `Ummmm, that was good - for starters',
          Nicole stated, with a grin.

            `Hey, I'm out of action for the moment', John said,
          defensively, and Nicole and Susan could see that that his
          penis had shrivelled since his climax. `Never, mind, just
          finish undressing and get on the bed, and Suzi and I will
          give you a show, won't we Suzi?', Nicole asked. Susan, who
          was feeling rather horny again after having seen Nicole and
          John, and after having tasted John's cum, was more than happy
          with this suggestion. `Sure', she replied. John, therefore,
          removed his clothes, and stretched out naked on the small
          bed. `He looks all male', thought Susan to herself.

            A slower song was playing now, and Susan and Nicole
          embraced in the middle of the room swaying to the music. It
          was very sensual, breast to breast and thigh to thigh. Susan
          kissed Nicole deeply, her tongue plundering her friend's
          mouth, their lips moving wonderful over each others'.
          Nicole's thigh moved naturally between Susan's own, and Susan
          sighed softly as she felt her labia press against Nicole's
          satin smooth thigh. Susan raised one hand and held one of
          Nicole's breasts as they rocked to the music. She squeezed
          it, and moved her torso so that her nipples brushed against
          Nicole's. Both their nipples became erect, and it was
          Nicole's turn to sigh. Her eyes were closed, she was really
          getting into this. Susan's love juices were making a wet
          patch on Nicole's thigh, as she continued to move sensuously
          against Susan's pussy.

            John could feel his penis swelling again as he watched his
          girlfriend and her female lover caress and turn each other
          on. It was very exciting, seeing two beautiful women
          pleasuring each other. Susan was taller than Nicole and her
          breasts were smaller, but she was really sexy. Nicole sure
          knew how to choose them, he concluded happily. He had never
          guessed that Nicole was into other women. This opened up more
          possibilities for a very interesting sex life. John idylly
          played with his growing cock as he watched the two women
          getting more and more steamed from their slow dance.

            Susan twisted Nicole in her arms, so that she was standing
          behind her, she kissed and nibbled at Nicole's throat, as she
          twisted her head around to continue their hot kisses. Their
          lips closed on each other and their lips continued their
          dual. Susan started rolling Nicole's erect nipples between
          her fingers, and every so often, she would pinch them
          lightly, pulling them out from Nicole's breasts. Nicole was
          panting and whimpering with passion.

            John couldn't remain a passive observer any longer. His
          cock was hard and throbbing, and he longed to sink it deep
          into hot and willing pussy. He considered briefly about
          coming up behind Susan and fucking her from behind, but he
          wasn't sure if she was on the pill, or come to that, what her
          sexual history was. He decided he would fuck Nicole instead.
          He moved in front of Nicole, who didn't see him as she was
          kissing Susan deeply. Susan however did, she winked, and used
          her hands to hold Nicole's labia apart so John could see
          clearly where to thrust. In one smooth movement John
          positioned himself and thrust deep into Nicole. Her eyes flew
          open in surprise, but Susan continued to kiss her, probing
          her tongue into Nicole's mouth in time with John's thrusts.
          Nicole felt in heaven, being sandwiched between two very sexy
          bodies, both intent on helping her to experience incredible
          sexual pleasure.

            Susan eventually released Nicole's mouth so she could kiss
          John. By now, Nicole was moaning in time with John's thrusts.
          Susan retired to the bed, and lay down watching them fuck.
          She drew her own feet up, and spread her knees, giving her
          fingers easy access to her throbbing clit and slick pussy.
          She slid two, then three fingers into her sopping cunt, as
          she watched Nicole and John. John had backed Nicole up
          against the wall, and was thrusting into her with a slow
          steady rhythm. Susan found the sight of his bobbing buttocks,
          with their clenching muscles, very stimulating, and she
          pumped her fingers in time with them. Nicole was gasping, her
          legs had raised off the floor and she had wrapped them around
          John, her ankles beating against his bottom as he thrust in
          to her. Susan could see over John's shoulder the grimace of
          unbearable pleasure on Nicole's face. Susan could also see
          his prick sliding in and out, in and out. It was glistening
          now with Nicole's juices. Was it really only a week ago that
          she'd first heard them fucking through her wall? And now she
          was there in the same room watching them, and publicly
          masturbating as well.

            John started pumping more furiously, and Nicole started
          whimpering and moaning louder and louder. This further
          increased Susan's excitement, and she increased the speed of
          her pumping. All three came with shuddering climaxes within
          seconds of each other. John pumping his seed deep into
          Nicole. It was some time before they could catch their
          breath.

            They shared a hot chocolate afterwards, and Susan got to
          learn more about Nicole and John. She was particularly
          interested in hearing John's answer to Nicole's question
          about whether he had had any sexual experiences in the last
          week. He claimed that he hadn't, but that there was a pretty
          blond on his course whom he had started to chat-up. Nicole
          wanted all the details, and at the end, extracted a promise
          to be kept informed of any developments.

            Eventually thoughts turned to sleep, and Susan realised
          that she'd have to return to her own room, John and Nicole
          were going to be squashed enough in that bed without trying
          to fit a third in. Susan entered her own room, and quickly
          prepared for bed. It had been a really good evening, John had
          helped demonstrate that men weren't all as awful as David had
          been. However, it was Paul that Susan found herself thinking
          about as she slipped off to sleep.


          8. Saturday

            Susan was woken the next morning by the discordant clamour
          of her alarm. She tumbled out of bed, crossed the room and
          turned it off, then she realised that it was a Saturday - no
          lectures! She could have had hours more sleep. She'd been too
          preoccupied thinking about the loving she'd just shared with
          Nicole and John when she'd gone to bed to remember about the
          alarm. Oh, well, perhaps it was worth trying to get to sleep
          again. Susan crawled back into bed, and lay down. Her mind,
          refreshed from a night's sleep, was active, and started
          running over the scenes from yesterday evening in her mind.
          She remembered how she had brazenly stripped before John, how
          she had been licked out by his wonderful tongue, and brought
          to a shuddering climax, and had tasted cum for the first
          time, as she had licked it off Nicole's face. She also
          remembered seeing John and Nicole fucking as they stood
          against the wall. It was true that sex was a very visual
          stimulus.

            Susan was rubbing her clitoris against the bed as she lay
          on her front, bouncing her bottom up and down. She had gotten
          really turned on remembering the loving of yesterday. The
          pleasure of her rocking movements was wonderful - she was
          going to be able to bring herself to a climax, all she needed
          was a little longer. She hadn't pleasured herself in this way
          for quite awhile, although it had been in humping like this
          on her bed that she had had her first ever climax.

           That was long ago, she only been thirteen at the time.
          She'd been to the local youth club with her friend Sally
          Drew. There they had seen one of the girls from their class,
          Debbie Somerfield, being kissed by an older boy. Susan had
          stared mesmerised as they kissed deeply in the shadows of the
          dance floor. She had got all tingly inside imagining what it
          would be like for a boy to put his tongue inside her mouth.
          Debbie sure seemed to be enjoying it, and Susan could feel
          her nipples getting all hard and pointed, which was
          unexpected, as she wasn't cold. She had joked and laughed
          about Debbie with Sally. Sally then had shocked her by
          telling her that Debbie had told her that she was sleeping
          with her boyfriend. Susan didn't believe Sally at first, but
          Sally was one of Debbie's friends, and she sounded really
          convincing as she repeated what Debbie had told her about how
          "absolutely heavenly" it was to be filled with hard cock.
          Susan's virgin imagination had boggled at this new
          information, and she watched Debbie and her boyfriend with
          even more interest. She didn't really know how to classify or
          describe the way her body was tingling, but it sure seemed
          nice.

            When Susan had got home that evening, she had closed the
          door of her bedroom, and she had climbed on her bed and lain
          down. She'd half unbuttoned her blouse so that her hands
          could reach inside and squeeze her still small breasts. She
          had tried to imagine herself in Debbie Somerfield's position,
          being made love to by her boyfriend. Susan had found her
          skirt had ridden up to her waist, and her panty clad pussy
          was being driven into her eiderdown. She continued doing
          this, not knowing what she was seeking, only that is was
          wonderful, and she was trying to emulate what she thought
          making love consisted off. She hadn't been able to prevent
          moaning into the pillow as her fingers clutched at her
          breasts through her child's bra, and her bottom moved up and
          down on the bed. Suddenly, unexpectedly, her pleasure had
          peaked, and she had had her first climax. She had gasped, and
          had almost swooned with the incredible sensations. It took
          her a while to recover, and when she did she was surprised to
          discover a wet patch on her panties. These she had hidden in
          the middle of the laundry basket, hoping her mother would
          wash them without noticing.

            Now, today, five years later, Susan was much more
          experienced, and she knew many different ways of pleasuring
          herself. However, this original, this "natural" method was
          still as effective as it had ever been. Again Susan moaned
          into the pillow as her pleasure built. Her pussy was wet, and
          her clit was throbbing. `Ah, Ahh, Ahhhhh!', Susan cried into
          her pillow as the delicious friction sent her over the top.

            Thinking about her first climax led Susan to remember that
          Debbie Somerfield had dropped out of school a few years later
          at fifteen due to being pregnant. It was a big scandal at the
          time. Susan was glad that she didn't have that worry, she was
          on the pill anyway to help control her periods. A quick
          survey of the last week's sexual activity revealed the only
          time she'd come into contact with sperm was when she had
          sucked David's cock and she'd licked John's cum off Nicole's
          face, for David had used a condom when they'd fucked. She
          probably hadn't needed their protection so far, but it was nice 
          to have the re-assurance they provided.

            Refreshed from her orgasm, Susan wrapped a dressing-gown
          around her, grabbed her wash-bag, and headed-off towards the
          shower. She had to wait for a stall to become free;
          eventually however, a beautiful woman stepped out (Susan
          didn't know her name, but she had seen her around, she had a
          room along the corridor from Susan's). Susan entered the
          stall, removed her robe, rescued her soap from her wash-bag,
          and entered the shower. It was hot, and the water pressure
          was adequate to drive the water in tight needles against her
          skin. It was invigorating, and Susan probably spent longer
          there than she should, given the regular warnings about
          saving water due to this year's draught. Nevertheless it was
          glorious, and Susan enjoyed each luxurious minute. Stepping
          out of the shower Susan could feel her spirits soar. She was
          young, she was at University, doing the course she wanted,
          and she looked good. Life was good!

            Returning to her room she ran into a boy coming out of
          Melonie's room. Melonie was right behind him, and they both
          looked a little embarrassed to be seen coming out of her room
          together so early in the morning. Susan smiled at them both,
          and walked on down the corridor to her room. When she got to
          her door, she turned and looked back at them. The boy had his
          back to her, and was saying goodbye to Melonie. Susan,
          noticing that Melonie could see her, and feeling wicked,
          allowed her gown to drift open, flashing her naked charms
          momentarily to Melonie, before entering her own room. She
          felt good, in a teasing mood.

            Susan had just pulled on her favourite red lace panties
          when there was a knock at her door. `Who is it?', she called.
          `Melonie' was the reply. Susan opened the door and stood back
          to let her enter. Melonie looked beautiful, her red hair
          tumbling around her formed the perfect frame to the glow of
          her smiling face. `Hi, I was just dressing', Susan welcomed,
          and was rewarded with a positive beam from Melonie, who
          seemed full of the joys of spring this morning. `So I see',
          she replied, looking Susan up and down, enjoying every inch.
          Susan's perky breasts especially forming a feast for her
          eyes. Susan didn't fail to notice that her bouncing boobs
          were captivating Melonie. Her nipples tightened under her
          friend's inspection.

            `So, who was your man?', Susan eventually brokedown and
          asked, curiosity having mastered her. `His name is Mark',
          Melonie bubbled, positively overflowing with joy, `and he is
          third year Computer Scientist, and we met the day before
          yesterday in the cafeteria, when it was so crowded that we
          were forced to shared a table. We got chatting, and although
          he's shy, he's really sweet, and has a great sense of humour
          once you break through his shyness. Anyway we chatted most of
          yesterday afternoon, and then he asked me out. He's got his
          own car, (he took a year out to work in industry to earn the
          money for it), and he took me to a lovely French
          restaurant.'

            `He sounds like a real smoothy', Susan said, breaking into
          her friend's flow. `Oh no. He's a real gentleman, but it's
          natural, totally unstudied ... and anyway, he was going to
          leave me after just a good-night kiss. I had to use all my
          charms to entice him into my room last night'.

            `And what charms!', Susan added, running her hand down
          Melonie's cheek and neck, and sliding it under her cardigan
          to cup her left breast. Almost instantly Susan could feel
          Melonie's nipple erecting, and pressing against the palm of
          her hand. A dreamy look came over Melonie's face, and a
          gentle `mmm' escaped. Susan continued to mould and press
          Melonie's breast for awhile, as a definite flush rose to
          Melonie's face. `So what happened once you got him in your
          room?', Susan asked.

            `We started kissing as we sat next to each other on the
          bed. He was so gentle with me, he caressed my hair as we
          kissed, and he ... Ummmm ... he kissed .... ahhh ... he
          kissed wonderfully', Melonie's description being interrupted
          by sighs caused by Susan's gentle tweaking of her nipples.
          Susan had moved behind her, and was now cupping both her breasts
          through her t-shirt, her nipples erect and caught between
          the spread fingers of each hand.

            `So what happened next?', Susan asked in a husky voice next
          to Melonie's ear. `We kissed for ages, until it was obvious
          that Mark wasn't going to go any further without more
          encouragement, ohhh, so, mmm, so I ... ahh Susie ... I took
          one of his hands and placed it on one of my breasts. When I
          did that he moaned, and kissed me every more heatedly'. Susan
          could tell that Melonie was melting in her arms, and that she
          longed to turn in her arms and kiss her ... but she
          deliberately held Melonie tightly preventing that, while
          continuing to caress her breasts and to squeeze, tantalisingly, 
          her nipples, under her T-shirt now. `I melted as he
          caressed me ... he was so passionate ... so ... mmm .. so
          hot!'. Melonie was starting to pant. Susan nibbled her neck,
          as Melonie panted: `I nearly swooned when ... he ran his
          hands up the ... outside of my thighs ... he had this way of
          doing it ... which was ... heavenly! ... mmmm ... I was
          burning ... up. .... We  were feverish as we .... undressed
          each other ... Ahhh Susie!!'. This last exclamation being
          elicited by Susan's hand as it cupped Melonie's mound through
          her skirt. `Yes?', Susan asked, herself slightly out of
          breath from the excitement of turning on her sexy friend,
          while continuing her rhythmic caresses. Melonie formed no
          coherent reply in response to her friend's question ... all
          she emitted were the occasional moan and sigh.

            `So what happened after you had stripped each other?',
          probed Susan, as her hand rucked up Melonie's skirt to remove
          an irritating barrier between her hand and Melonie's now
          decidedly juicy pussy. `Ahhmm, ohh, mmm, we.. ... that is, he
          ... mmm ... he was so gentle with me ... he caressed me so
          ... so tenderly ... ohh, yes, ohh ... and kissed me ...  and
          entered me so slowly ... ahhh!'. Susan fingers had slipped
          inside Melonie's panties, had touched her pouting labia, and
          were now sliding backwards and forwards between them in
          Melonie's creamy sex juices. As Melonie gasped in her arms,
          Susan pinched and pulled gently on one of Melonie's nipples,
          and slid two fingers into her hungry cunt. They slid in
          easily, slick as it was with Melonie's excitement.

            `It was so ...ahhh ... ohhh ... so ... romantic ... and ...
          huhhhh ... special .... he made love to me ... he ... Ohhh
          Susie, yesss ... he told me he loved me ... as I climaxed ...
          over and over ... AHHHoooohh!'. The last was a wholehearted
          cry as Melonie convulsed in climax on Susan's magic fingers.
          Susan held and kissed her friend as she shuddered in the
          aftermath of her orgasm.

            Once Melonie had recovered, she continued to explain to
          Susan how she believed that she might be falling in love ...
          about how considerate and wonderful and caring and ...
          everything ... Mark seemed to be ... so different from
          previous boyfriends. Susan was really pleased for her friend,
          but couldn't help worrying slightly what it would mean for
          their friendship. Melonie remembered then that her friend had
          not come, and touched Susan between her legs: almost before
          she had started, Susan buckled and collapsed. `Whhhhhoohh,
          Ahhhhh', Susan gasped. `Boy was I ready for that!', she
          exclaimed after regaining her breath. Melonie couldn't help
          smiling at her sexy friend.

            Eventually Melonie left, leaving Susan to finish dressing.
          Susan noticed that her red panties had dark stain on them
          where her juices had run. She considered changing them ...
          but she was running low on fresh underwear ... not having
          done any laundry yet this term ... and she was feeling
          wicked, so Susan decided to slip them off and go all day
          without any. The men would flock to her today if they only
          knew, she laughed to herself.

                                ***** +++++ *****

            After dressing, Susan did a load of laundry, and then
          headed into town and spent the rest of the morning window
          shopping. Lunch time found her in McDonald's with some fries
          and a cheese burger, when in walked Paul. His face lit up
          when he saw her, and, after ordering, he joined her at her
          table. Susan felt a happy warm glow within to see him respond
          with such genuine pleasure at seeing her.

            They spent the rest of the day shopping together. Susan
          managed to talk Paul into buying some trendy clothes. Susan
          revelled in her power over him, over her ability to change
          his image. In her own mind it was totally different when she
          decided that she didn't really want a blouse when he was less
          than enthusiastic about it. At the end of the afternoon, Paul
          asked her if she'd like to go for a pizza, and Susan had said
          `Yes' before she had noticed that this would be their first
          real "date". Once she'd noticed, she couldn't help smiling
          with happiness.

            Paul drove her to another part of town, to a very nice
          Italian restaurant he'd discovered. It was suitably romantic,
          each table being lit by candles. Paul very tentatively
          reached out to touch her hand across the table as they waited
          for their first course, by the time their main course arrived
          they were holding hands and staring into each others eyes
          like the new lovers that Susan was sure that they would
          become.

            The meal was everything that Susan had imagined a truly
          romantic rendezvous should be: the food was good, the service
          impeccable, and the company witty and attentive. Without
          actually knowing how she knew, or when it happened, Susan was
          aware that by the end of the meal, she was starting to fall
          in love. And not only was Paul her boyfriend, he was her best
          friend as well. What better start could they get?

            Susan rested her head on Paul's shoulder as he drove her
          back to campus after the meal with one arm around her. The
          journey was far too short, and before Susan knew it they were
          pulling into the student car-park. They stayed in the same
          position after Paul had turned off the engine. Neither
          wanted the evening to end. Susan had just decided that she
          ought to do something to get Paul to kiss her, when he turned
          her slightly and brought his lips down to hers.

            She'd expected a tentative kiss from Paul, but instead
          received an assured one. It was gentle and un-demanding,
          while being masterful at the same time. Susan didn't try to
          analyse it, she simply let the sheer love and erotic power of
          it flow over her. His lips were warm and soft, and moved
          tantalisingly over hers, catching and pulling her bottom lip
          from time to time, in a way that was causing Susan to steam!
          She wanted to deepen the kiss, and let their tongues dual for
          territory. Instead, Paul kissed away from her mouth, brushing
          his lips across her cheek, bringing them to her ear, to start
          nibbling on her ear-lobe. Susan had never felt sensations
          like this: the gentleness, the intimacy, the passion! Love
          welled up within her. Along with her love, accompanying it
          like a handmaid, rose her excitement. She had never felt
          anything as sensual as when Paul breathed gently into her
          ear. Her hands clutched him to her. She wanted him. She
          needed him. Any distance between them was too much. Their
          clothes were a nuisance.

            Detecting her impatience, Paul brought his lips back to
          hers, and kissed her hard. His tongue entered her mouth,
          pushing its way past her soft lips and perfect teeth. Susan
          moaned in passion. His tongue retreated, causing her's to
          come in search of it into his mouth, like a captive brought
          into Rome. The fate which Cleopatra had avoided at such great
          cost, Susan embraced with delight. It was Paul's turn to
          moan.

            With feverish urgency, Susan pushed Paul's sweater up, and,
          unbuttoning a few buttons of his shirt, ran her hand over his
          chest, his manly chest. Paul gasped as her fingers brushed,
          and then pinched one of his nipples. Susan broke their kiss,
          and, lowering her head, she took his other nipple into her
          mouth and tongued it. Paul could only hold her head against
          him, as his senses overloaded. He didn't know whether to turn
          into the kisses or away from them, the thrills were so
          intense.

            Susan moaned into his chest as one of Paul's hands closed
          on her breast. It was so exciting being handled by him. She
          was so wet. She could feel the tops of her thighs getting all
          slippery. Paul kneaded her breast, while he held her head
          against his chest. Her licks and nibbles causing him to
          handle her slightly rougher than he realised, driven by
          exquisite sensations as he was. Susan revelled in his
          caresses.

            Then Paul was using both hands, both of her breasts were
          now being handled. Her nipples erected, enjoying the slightly
          rough treatment. With fumbling impatience Paul started to
          undo her blouse. Susan sat up to make it easy for him. It was
          exciting for both of them as her lacy clad breasts came into
          view. Paul's whispered, `Wow!', was much appreciated.

            Feeling bold, and with only a cursory glace around the car
          park, Susan reached behind her to unsnap her bra. Holding the
          cups in place, she moved so the straps fell from her
          shoulders. Paul was having trouble breathing, the tantalising
          curves of the sides of her breasts, visible to his attentive
          gaze, were very alluring. Paul could feel his erection
          growing uncomfortable in its tight prison. Susan smiled to
          see the growing bulge. With the tempting skill of a Siren, to
          a silent drum-roll which put butterflies in Paul's stomach,
          Susan slowly lowered her bra. Her breasts quivered in the
          silence. `They're beautiful', was Paul's heartfelt homage.
          Susan glowed with pleasure.

            Paul tentatively reached out and cupped one breast, feeling
          its softness, taking its weight. With great concentration,
          almost like performing a scientific experiment, his thumb
          brushed against the hard pink nipple. Susan's involuntary
          gasp made them both smile. Paul leant forward and placed his
          mouth over the nipple of Susan's right breast. Teasingly, he
          waited a second before flicking it with his tongue. Susan ran
          her fingers through his hair, as his tongue toyed with her
          nipple, her breath getting increasingly short. As he pulled
          on her nipple with his lips, Susan's throwing of her head
          back and moaning `Mmmm oohhh' into the car's roof was
          instinctive. She was panting heavily as Paul moved his
          attentions to her other breast. Kissing around, but not quite
          reaching, her other nipple was torture most exquisite. Susan
          was reduced to clutching his head and guiding it to the
          wanton nubbin of need.

            Determined to drive him as wild as he was driving her,
          Susan reached out and placed her hand on Paul's enticing
          bulge. His gasp was suitably gratifying. She ran her hand
          over it; it was excitingly large. Using both hands, she undid
          his belt, unbuttoned the waist-band, accompanying her actions
          with a most suggestive smile. That look alone was enough to
          cause Paul's cock to unfurl another inch! Susan unzipped his
          trousers, and slid her hands over his trapped penis. Paul's
          groaned "Unnnn" , was half pleasure, half frustration.

            He gladly lifted his bottom to help Susan as she tugged
          his briefs and brought them, together with his trousers down
          to his ankles. Susan's eyes devoured his erect and throbbing
          penis as Paul kicked free of his clothes. Her hot hand closed
          around his manhood. The hunger of his kiss was intoxicating,
          but Susan didn't let go. Breaking the kiss, Susan lowered her
          head to his lap and licked the tip of his penis. A drop of
          pre-cum tasted slightly salty. Emboldened, Susan stretched
          open her lips, and lowered them over the purple head of his
          cock. She enclosed it, flicking the tip with her tongue.
          Paul's moans were almost constant.

            As she sucked away, Paul had to lean close over her a
          number of times, to hide himself from the probing headlights
          of some cars pulling into the car park. Eventually he stopped
          bothering, whether from indifference to anything other than
          his pleasure, or from conviction that the windows
          were too steamed up for anyone to see in, Susan was
          uncertain. She just concentrated on lapping at the gorgeous
          cock between her lips. She enjoyed looking up and seeing the
          contorting grimace of pleasure on Paul's face.

            Susan was getting so worked up she couldn't help herself,
          she had to rub her clitoris through her skirt as she sucked.
          Noticing her urgent actions, Paul lifted her up from his
          cock, and then slowly pushed her skirt up, running his hands
          up her silken thighs as he did it. Paul gasped as her naked
          pussy came into view. Susan lifted her bottom so the skirt
          could be bunched around her waist. She spread her legs open,
          revealing her glistening labia and thighs to Paul's enchanted
          stare. Provokingly, with an indescribably sexy smile, she
          opened her pussy-lips to reveal her throbbing clitoris and
          her juicy vagina, offering herself. `Fuck me', she said.

            Paul was aware of how clumsy he was as he reclined the
          passenger seat, and moved into positioned between Susan's
          thighs as she lay back on it. Nevertheless, her sexy body,
          and her enticing words of encouragement were more than enough
          to keep him throbbingly hard. Slowly he lowered himself, and
          Susan guided him into her. Her gasp and his groan coincided
          as his full length sank into her wet cunt. She was ready for
          him. They kissed deeply as he pumped slowly in and out a few
          times. Susan wasn't satisfied with that: she lifted her legs
          higher, locking them around him, and used her heels to drive
          him into her harder and faster. The car began to rock, but
          neither cared. Their physical pleasure was great, but it was
          lifted to a higher plane as they looked with love into each
          other's eyes. They climaxed within seconds of each other:
          Susan coming first, racking his back with her nails, Paul
          coming soon afterwards, his semen squirting deep into her.
          They both declared their love as they lay in one another's
          arms.


            Susan had started many things over the last week:
          university, living by herself, lesbian sex, and fucking,
          but the most important was this: starting to live her own
          love story.


+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Okay, so I'm an incurable romantic! Guilty as charged.
--
