"SUSY'S AWAKENING"  (in 5 chapters)



                     CHAPTER FOUR

     By the time breakfast was over, and Susy's Mom and Dad had
indeed gone out for a day of shopping, leaving both Susy and her
brother with the house and their time to themselves, Susy had
conceived a wonderful new idea for the further advancement of her
sexual education.
     She would go over to her friend, Cathy's house and convince
the girl to come fuck her little brother.
     The idea of the worldly Cathy introducing her younger
brother into the mysteries of serious fucking was almost too
exciting for Susy to bear.  Not only did she want the event to
happen, she desperately wanted it to happen this very day.  And
she wanted to be there watching when it did.
     From what her brother had said earlier about hoping to have
the house to himself for a while, Susy knew that, given the
opportunity, he would probably stay at home pretty much all day,
involved with his illicite solitary pleasures, as long as she
herself left the house soon, which she did, announcing that she
would be at her friend, Cathy's house for the rest of the day.
     Susy thought she saw a little gleam of excitement in her
brother's eye when she told him this, and she could well believe
that as soon as she noisily slammed the back door her little
brother would be scampering upstairs to close and lock his door
and begin bringing more of that delicious-looking boy-cum from
his sweet little prick.

     When Susy reached Cathy's house, just a few blocks away, she
noticed with pleasure that no cars were in the driveway.  There
would be no parents around at least.
     Then Susy stopped for a moment at Cathy's front door as she
realized that if Cathy's parents were out they might have taken
Cathy along, too!  In her excited impatience to put her
brother-fucking plan in action, she had not bothered to phone to
see if Cathy was even at home.  Her whole idea could well come
crashing down.
     Hoping against hope, Susy knocked loudly on the door, and
then stood back, trusting in fate.
     She was almost at the point of knocking once again when the
door suddenly opened and Susy unexpectedly found herself face to
face with Lucy Forrest.
     "Lucy!" Susy exclaimed.  "What are you doing here?"
     "Waiting for Cathy," Lucy said with a smile.  "She's gone
out to the store.  Come on in."
     Susy stepped into the front hallway and Lucy closed the door
behind them.
     "Come on upstairs," Lucy said.  "Cathy'll be a while.  We
can wait in her room."
     Susy followed the girl up the stairs to Cathy's room, where
they both sat down on the edge of the small bed.
     "I saw you watching me that night," Lucy said out of the
blue.
     "Watching you?" Susy said.
     "At the pajama party," said Lucy.  "You know, when we were
all in our sleeping bags downstairs and everyone else was asleep?

Or pretending to be asleep, in your case.  I saw you watching
me."
     "I'm not sure I remember," Susy said nervously.
     "Well, I do," Lucy said.  "I was just about to bring myself
to a real juicy cum, and I opened my eyes, and I saw you staring
down at my pussy.  Under the covers, that is.  You knew what I
was doing."
     "I . . . I didn't see . . . you looking," Susy stuttered.
     "I know.  I shut my eyes so you wouldn't think I saw you."
     "Oh," said Susy.
     "I have to tell you something, though,"  Lucy said
whisperingly.  "I've never cum that hard before.  It was knowing
that you were watching that did it.  It was like I could feel
your eyes burning right into my clit.  I came so hard I almost
peed myself!"
     Susy didn't know what to think of this at all.  After all,
she hardly knew Lucy, except that she was a close friend of
Cathy's and that she'd seen her around at school.  It seemed
strange to be having so intimate a conversation with someone who
was almost a stranger.  But then, after all the girl had seen and
experienced at Cathy's party, you couldn't really call any of
them strangers any more, could you?
     All the time Lucy had been talking, she had been sliding up
closer to Susy as they sat on Cathy's bed.  It made Susy feel all
fluttery inside, and she wasn't sure why.
     "Susy?" Lucy asked suddenly, "Would you like to make me feel
that way again?"
     "I . . . I . . . don't understand," said Susy.
     "Yes, you do," said Lucy, as she slid closer.  "I know you
do.  You've been thinking about it, haven't you?  About that
night?  About sex?"
     "Well, y . . . yes," Susy answered, cautiously.
     "You've been playing with yourself, too, haven't you?  I
just bet you've been tearing your pretty pussy wide open,
thinking about that night?  And me?"
     "I . . . I . . . don't know," Susy whimpered.
     "Yes, you do!" Lucy whispered.  "You've been thinking about
the way I looked when I was cumming!  You wanted to cum with me,
but you were too shy.  You had to wait 'til later to do it.  Such
a waste!  It's much better to cum along with someone.  I'll show
you!"
     "Wh . . . what do you mean?" Susy asked, startled.
     "I mean this!" Lucy cried, as she seized little Susy in a
hard embrace and planted a warm, wet kiss square on her trembling
young lips.
     Susy struggled weakly for a moment, and then the hot
sensation of Lucy's body pressed against her own overcame her
protestations.  Lucy was suddenly all over her, kissing her
mouth, nibbling at her ears and neck, and nuzzling up against her
small breasts though the thin covering of the T-shirt Susy wore.
     Then Lucy was back at her mouth again, and this time she
parted Susy's lips and slipped her hot tongue between Susy's
parted teeth, causing a sudden gush of wet cum juice to spurt
into the inside of Susy's jeans and panties.
     Susy moaned softly as Lucy finally pulled back.
     "That's what I mean, Susy!" Lucy said.  "Now I'm gonna' show
you something you'll never forget.  Let's turn down the bed."
     "Lucy, I . . ."
     "No arguments!" Lucy said, firmly.  "You're already juicing
your jeans, I can smell it from here.  You're hot, and I'm gonna'
cool you off."  She pulled Susy close once more and kissed her
again, letting her hot tongue lick all along Susy's teeth,
causing intense shooting thrills that Susy could not resist. 
"Now, get up and get out of those clothes.  I want to see you
naked!"
     Susy staggered to her feet as Lucy began to turn down the
bed.  Susy didn't know what to think.  She couldn't think.  Her
brain refused to work while her pussy was on fire.
     Susy turned her back to Lucy, and within a very few moments,
Susy had removed her tennis shoes, her socks, her T-shirt, and
her jeans.  Soon she stood dressed only in her little white
cotton panties.  She turned to face Lucy again, just as Lucy
herself was lowering the little red hotpants she'd been wearing. 
The two girls, now both dressed the same, in panties only, stood
looking at each other across the small room.
     Lucy had the look of a hungry little animal as she stared at
Susy's near naked form.
     "You're beautiful," Lucy whispered.  "Just like I knew you
would be."
     "So . . . so are you," Susy replied, breathlessly.
     "I want to take your panties down, Susy," Lucy said.  "Don't
move.  Just stand there and let me do it, okay?"
     "Okay," said Susy, her voice scarcely audible.
     Lucy slowly approached the other girl until the two sets of
bare breasts actually touched, their nipples nuzzling hotly
together in kisses of their own.  Then Lucy sank slowly down to
her knees.  Susy could feel the girl's hot breath puffing against
her sensitive skin, between her breasts, and down her tummy,
until finally Susy could feel Lucy's breath against her
panty-covered pussy itself.  She almost sobbed at the sensation.
     Susy looked down and saw Lucy lift both hands to Susy's
hips.  She felt fingers slip under the waste band of her panties
and begin to slowly slide them down over her ass, and down along
her legs, past her knees, until they fell unaided down around her
ankles.
     Lucy knelt staring and Susy's now exposed young cunt for a
moment, and then, with a plaintive little moan, she buried her
nose in the sparse curls that covered Susy's hot snatch.
     Susy cried out instantly, as she felt Lucy's nose come into
contact with her clit.  She heard and felt Lucy inhale, long and
deeply, right in the hot depths of Susy's young womanhood.
     "Mmmmmmmmm, delicious," Lucy's muffled voice proclaimed.
     Then, suddenly, Susy felt Lucy's tongue lash across her
aching clit.
     Susy shrieked, as an instant electric orgasm shot from her
clit all the way to the top of her tousled blonde head, and she
felt her pussy let loose with another hot gush of cum-juice,
right in her friend, Lucy's face.
     If Lucy hadn't caught her by the hips and held her fast,
Susy would have collapsed to the floor.
     "Easy, baby, it's okay," laughed Lucy, looking up at Susy
with a face wet and shining with it's fresh coat pussy cream.
     "I . . . I've never cum so quick before," Susy murmured.
"I've never felt anything like that before.  What are you doing
to me, Lucy?"
     "I haven't even started, sweetie," Lucy said with a warm
smile.  "Come on, let's get into bed."
     A moment later the two girls were lying snuggled in each
other's arms with the bed covers kicked back.
     They kissed each other's mouths passionately for a long
while, and then Lucy began to kiss down to Susy's small breasts,
nibbling at the tiny pebble-hard nipples.  Lucy attended to
Susy's nipples for a few moments, then continued to move down,
pausing briefly to kiss and lick at the small hole of Susy's
navel, until she was facing once again the light blonde bush that
surrounded Susy's pussy.
     Susy's legs and tummy twitched slightly as Lucy hesitated,
just as she came within licking range of Susy's dripping hot
cunt.
     "Tell me," Lucy whispered.
     "Wh . . . what?" Susy murmured.
     "Tell me," Lucy said again.  "Tell me what you want."
     "I want it," Susy said, softly.
     "What do you want?"
     "I don't know," Susy said, miserably.
     "Yes, you do,"  Lucy insisted.  "Tell me!"
     "I . . . I . . ."
     "Do you want me to eat your pussy?" Lucy asked.
     "I . . ."
     "Do you want me to eat your pussy, and lick you, and suck on
your hot little clit until you scream?  Is that what you want?"
Lucy asked.
     "Yes," Susy said in a small voice.
     "Then say it!" demanded Lucy.  "Say you want me to eat you!"
     "Oh, god, yes, Lucy!" Susy cried, suddenly.  "Please eat my
pussy!  Please lick me and make me cum!  I can't stand it! 
Please!  EAT ME NOW!!!"
     At those words, Lucy dropped her entire face into the sweet
wet warmth of Susy's cunt, and furiously began licking and
sucking at the delicate little pussy lips and aching little clit.
     Susy's body erupted like a geyser under pressure.  She
screamed and tore at the bed sheets on either side of her head,
her legs kicking violently on either side of the head of the girl
who was eating Susy's virginal young cunt for the very first
time.  It was better than Susy had ever dreamed.  The flashes of
sensation seemed to go on and on.  Susy rode from one
gut-twisting orgasm to the next.  She couldn't have kept count of
them if her life had depended on it.

     Susy had no idea how long it had gone on before she had
given one final shriek that had vibrated the panes of glass in
the room's single small window, and collapsed into sweet
unconsciousness with Lucy's tongue still working busily between
her legs.



