"SUSY'S AWAKENING"  (in 5 chapters)




                     CHAPTER FIVE


     Susy was only dimly aware of her surroundings as she felt
Lucy wriggle her way up to kiss her again softly on the lips. 
All she was aware of was the wonderful warmth of the other girl
as she lay tightly pressed against her.  She could feel the
dampness of their mutual excitement and satisfaction as it glued
them sweetly together.  She could smell the combined scent of
them--their sweat, and the musky aroma that arose from their wet
cunts.  It was the hot, primitive smell of "girl", and Susy had
experienced nothing quite so powerful in her life.
     As Lucy kissed and licked at her mouth, Susy could taste her
own slippery pussy juice on the other girl's lips and tongue. 
Susy was surprised to find the taste infinitely delicious.  And
that gave her the courage to roll over on top of her friend, and
begin to return the girl's intimate caresses.
     Susy gently kissed and nibbled the girl's neck, under her
soft chin, flicked the tip of her tongue into the sensitive
opening of the girl's ear, and licked wetly around the nape of
her neck, pulling at long strands of the girl's silky red hair.
     Lucy purred softy, gasped and squealed at these attentions. 
Susy could feel goose bumps rising on the girl's flesh as she
pressed against her.  Susy wondered at the power one girl could
hold over another, being in such control of another's most
intimate reactions.  She felt that if she carefully sought out
each and every one of the girl's sexual hot spots and secret
pleasure zones, she could control her forever.  It was an
exciting thought.  And, at the same time, she wondered if the
same system would apply to boys!  Probably, she thought.  She
would have to ask her friend Cathy later on.
     By this time, Susy had moved on with her caresses to the
point of licking and sucking the now hard, sharp points of Lucy's
little red nipples.  They were much longer than Susy's own, and
from the way Lucy was reacting, they were even more sensitive
than Susy knew her own to be.  Lucy's breath was much more
labored than it had been up to this point.  She gasped and
whimpered and moaned with increasing volume, as her entire body
twitched and wriggled under Susy's attentions.
     "Oh, you can make me cum like that, Susy," Lucy whimpered. 
"Please don't stop!  Keep licking my nipple!  Yes!  Yes! 
Ohhhhhhh, yesssss!"
     Lucy suddenly writhed upwards to press her deeply aroused
breast even harder against Susy's hot, flicking tongue!
     "Uhhhhnnnnnnnn!" Lucy cried plaintively.  "I'm
Cummmmminnngggg!"
     Susy felt Lucy convulse deeply, her whole body bucking and
writhing.  And as the girl screamed out at the apex her orgasm,
Susy felt a hot gush of wetness against her leg--the leg that was
locked between the other girl's quivering thighs.
     "Oh, Susy!" whimpered the other girl as she fell back
exhausted upon the bed.  "You make me so hot.  I felt like my
pussy was going to blow right off!"
     "And I haven't even . . . you know . . . touched you . . .
there yet," Susy answered with a shy smile.
     "Will you?" the other girl asked softly.  "Oh, God, Susy, I
just have to feel your hot tongue in my cunt!  Oh, I'm ready to
cum again just thinking about it!  Please?"
     Susy felt that strange sense of power again, and she
suddenly wanted nothing more than to bury her tongue in Lucy's
red-haired wet pussy.
     "Okay," she said, quietly.
     Lucy threw her arms around the other girl in grateful
anticipation, and then fell back with her knees up and her long
trembling legs spread wide.
     Susy moved down to lie between her friend's legs, her face
just inches from the wet mouth of Lucy's waiting cunt.  It was
beautiful!  Susy could almost see the moist lips quivering under
her hot gaze.  As she watched, a small trickle of sweat-smelling
girl honey emerged from between them, to drip slowly down in the
direction of the girl's little asshole.  On impulse, Susy flicked
out her tongue to catch a few of the droplets, grazing the tender
membranes lightly as she did so.
     "Ooooooooooh," Lucy whimpered at the touch.
     Susy glanced up over the girl's sparse reddish-blonde bush
and saw that Lucy's head was rolling slowly from side to side,
her face red, her eyes tightly closed, and her little mouth open
in a wondering little "o".
     Lowering her eyes once again to her friend's waiting cunt,
Susy pressed her face forward with her tongue extended.  In a
second she had buried her tongue deeply inside the little hole
beneath Lucy's throbbing young clit, and Lucy's body had erupted
with a scream of passion!
     "Uhhhnhhhnnnnhhnnnnhhnnnnn . . . awwwwwww . . .
yeeahhh-huhhnnn!" Lucy screamed incoherently.
     It was as if she were trying to tear her convulsing cunt
away from Susy's face, as she writhed and bucked wildly under the
other girl's torturing tongue.
     Susy wrapped a hand over the outside of each of her friend's
upper thighs, pressed her tongue even deeper and hung on
determinedly.  She desperately wanted to give Lucy the most
intense sexual experience of her young life, no matter what the
cost.
     Susy realized that if she wasn't careful, that cost could be
a broken neck, judging from the way her friend's strong thighs
were clasped around Susy's head.  Performing this kind of sex act
with Lucy would probably be a lot safer if her friend was tied
down in some way.  Susy had read that thing's like that were
sometimes done, and she had even seen pictures on the subject in
one of the magazines Cathy had shown the girls on the night of
their infamous pajama party.  Susy wondered if Lucy would enjoy
being tied down and eaten by a girl.  She decided she probably
would.  That way, Susy could make the experience last as long as
she liked, without having to worry about being injured by the
other girl's frantic writhings.
     Susy decide that for safety's sake it was time for Lucy to
have her final orgasm.  So she braced herself against the coming
storm, clutched the other girl's thighs in an even tighter grip,
withdrew her tongue from the girl's cunt hole, and slipped it
slowly up to the quivering clit above.
     At the first touch of Susy's tongue against the hot little
nubbin, Lucy went wild!
     With an unearthly shriek, Lucy raised her little butt up off
the cum-soaked mattress, raising Susy's head along with it, and
howled like a wounded animal!
     "Agggggggghhhhhhhhhh!" she screamed long and loud, as Susy
flicked her little tongue rapidly back and forth across the tip
of the hard, tortured little button.Lucy's wail subsided as her
wind was exhausted.  She drew a long rapid breath . . . held it .
. . and as Susy in a moment of inspiration actually bit into her
friend's sensitive little clit . . . Lucy exploded into a final
shriek that casually deafened Susy's ears, even muffled as they
were by the little redhead's painfully clutching thighs!
     Lucy suddenly collapsed limply against the mattress, and was
silent.
     Susy looked up from the sweet mess of her friend's exhausted
cunt in alarm.  For a moment she actually feared the other girl
might have died, from the sudden limpness.  But she saw at once
that the small mounds of the Lucy's chest were gently rising a
falling in time to the girl's breathing, and her deeply flushed
face was quietly composed in exhausted and happy sleep.
     In the next instant, Susy was startled by a sound from the
doorway of the bedroom.  It was Cathy, who stood smiling in the
doorway, clapping her hands softly together in applause.
     "Very good!" Cathy said quietly, so as not to disturb the
sleeping Lucy.  "I've never even made her cum that hard before! 
Maybe I under estimated you, Susy!"
     Susy smiled shyly from the bed.  Then she suddenly
remembered the reason she'd come to see Cathy in the first place.
     "Cathy," Susy said, brightly, "would you come fuck my little
brother?"

                            -THE END-


