"SUSY'S AWAKENING"  (in 5 chapters)



                           CHAPTER ONE


     Ever since Cathy Jorden's pajama party, Susy Morris could
keep her teenage mind on only one thing.  Sex!  That warm,
mysterious, delicious feeling between her silky young thighs.
     And this particular morning was to be no exception.
     What woke the pretty teenager was not her mother's voice
calling her to breakfast and school.  And it wasn't old Mr.
Henry's German shepherd barking in the yard next door.
     It was that beautiful sexy dream again.  The same dream that
had visited young Susy in her bed each night for the past two
weeks.  And just like always the dream ended much too soon, right
when it was starting to get interesting.
     This morning the dream had started the same as always.  Susy
was alone on a deserted beach, just like the secluded beach she'd
visited near her Aunt Flo's house last summer.  But in the beach
in her dream, not even her Aunt Flo was around. Susy was
completely alone, just herself and a few sea gulls wheeling
about.
     And another thing.  She was naked, her entire young body a
deep rich brown, as if she'd never bothered to wear a bathing
suit in her life.
     As she walked along the edge of the surf, Susy could feel
the warm wind in the rich tangle of her long honey-blonde hair. 
She could taste the salt of the cool spray on her ripe young
lips.  And she could feel the hot sun caressing her soft young
shoulders, her coltish young thighs, and budding young breasts. 
All in all, Susy knew she presented the perfect primitive picture
of a naked brown little female animal.  And Susy knew something
else as well.  This young animal was in heat!
     Then, suddenly, Susy wasn't alone anymore.  As she looked
out toward the open sea she noticed a swimmer approaching.  And
as the swimmer came nearer she saw that it was a young boy.  Her
breath quickened.  It was a beautiful dark-haired boy of about
her own age, swimming toward her with long, slow, measured
strokes.
     As the boy reached the shore, stood for a moment, and then
slowly approached her, Susy saw that he, too, was naked and as
deeply tanned as she was.  Finally, he stood still before her,
water dripping from his sleek young muscles and tangled dark
hair.  He was the most erotic sight Susy had ever seen.  Her eyes
wandered down along his gleaming chest and hard flat stomach and
came to rest upon the most beautiful sight of all.
     His thing!
     His prick!
     His adorable young boy-cock!
     It was gorgeous!  The boy's cock was small, about three
inches long, no bigger around than a hot dog, and as brown as the
rest of his tanned young body.  And hanging down behind it was
the small, tight, nearly hairless sack that Susy knew held the
boy's hot young nuts.
     Susy watched entranced as single, individual droplets of sea
water trickled their way down from the sparse curly hair at the
boy's loins, slipping along the length of his beautiful cock, and
at last dripped slowly from it's sweet tip.
     Susy knew she was in love.
     Then, as she watched, a wonderful thing occurred.  The boy's
cock began to grow.  It lengthened slowly at first, then quickly
began to raise itself from it's original dangling position until,
at last, it pointed directly at Susy, throbbing almost
imperceptibly as it pointed.
     Susy raised her eyes after a moment, almost unable to tear
her bright young eyes away, and quietly met the boy's gaze.  As
she looked deeply into the boy's dark eyes she suddenly felt her
body go all loose and warm inside, all her muscles becoming
almost as liquid as the sea around her.  She could feel a kind of
delicious rush course through her body and finally come to rest
between her long, quivering, golden-tanned thighs.  She felt
herself throbbing with an intense and powerful ache.  An ache
that demanded immediate attention!
     The boy smiled.  He was a shy young fawn, as perfect and
beautiful as Nature, or a healthy young girl like Susy, could
ever have dreamed.
     Susy stepped forward, and with trembling fingers and madly
pumping heart she touched the boy's sleek young organ.  A mad
rush of emotion coursed through her as she grasped the now hard
cock and held it throbbing in her hand.
     Suddenly her trembling legs refused to support her, and she
found herself on her knees in the wet sand.  At that moment she
found her face on the exact same level as the boy's prick, still
captured like a small bird in her hand.
     Susy glanced up into the boy's tanned face.  The hot sun had
evaporated most of the water from his hair and chest, and that
moisture had been replaced by a fine sheen of the boy's sweat. 
Susy became aware that she, too, was becoming wet with
excitement.  Both outside, and inside!  Her own trembling young
body shone brightly in the sunlight, the forelocks of her
honey-blonde hair now plastered to her own sweat-beaded forehead.
     Susy lowered her gaze once again to study the young prick
before her.  It lay like a captured bird, throbbing sweetly in
her hand, the warm breeze softly stirring the nest of short dark
curls above.  She now noticed something hadn't seen before.  A
small droplet of clear fluid had squeezed through the tiny slit
in the tip of the boy's cock, like a tiny precious jewel.  And
Susy suddenly knew that she had to taste that drop of sweet
nectar or she would simply die.
     Slowly, Susy dipped her head forward, her mouth opening to
receive the delicious offering before her, the tip of her
trembling tongue extended in eager anticipation.  And then . . .

     She woke up.

     "Damn!" Susy thought.  Just like always!  "God, I could
almost taste that boy's sweet prick!"
     Of course Susy realized that wasn't strictly true.  She
really had no idea what a boy's cock would taste like.  At her
innocent age Susy Morris had never even touched a real, live
cock, much less tasted one.  Oh, but the thought of it!  It was
enough to send sweet shivers through her little teenage body. 
And those shivers were starting right now!
     Susy raised herself onto her elbows and looked at the
ginger-bread house clock that hung on her bedroom wall.  It was
barely past seven o'clock.  Good!  It would be a while before her
mom and dad, or even her younger brother Bobby, would be up.
     Susy had plenty of time for what had recently become her
absolute favorite hobby.
     Playing with herself.
     Or "masturbation", as she'd recently learned it was called.
     Masturbation!  What a magical word!
     Until a couple of weeks ago it had been just another word
that Susy Morris didn't understand.  Now it had become almost a
way of life for the young girl.  There was something about the
sweet, sexy sensation of her little fingers rummaging around in
that tight, virgin hole between Susy's legs that made her want to
do it constantly.
     She'd even done it right in school, between classes.  One
day she'd spent her entire lunch period giving herself uncounted
orgasms alone in the little girl's rest room.  Her poor empty
tummy had growled for the rest of the day.  But for Susy, a
purring pussy beat a full stomach any day!
     Susy shook off these thoughts with a toss of her pretty
blonde head and threw back the single sheet that covered her
freshly awakened young body.  Jumping from her warm bed, she
stepped quickly to the door of her room, carefully locked it
against any untimely interruption, stepped back, and gazed at
herself in the full-length mirror that hung on the back of the
door.
     "I still look like some little kid," she said aloud to
herself, frowning.
     It was true.  Standing there in her frilly pink "baby doll"
pajamas, she did look rather innocent and child-like.  But Susy
knew very well how to remedy that.
     Slowly, as if practicing an exercise from her school dance
class, Susy began to move and sway to the rhythm of imaginary
music.  And as she did so, she slowly began to unfasten the
buttons of her pretty pink pajama top.
     Susy loved to strip herself slowly, teasingly, as if she
were performing an erotic dance for a large and appreciative
audience.  Maybe an audience of handsome boys.  Susy could even
picture the sexy young boy from her dream watching her, and she
knew that he, especially, would be excited by her performance.
     Button after button was slowly disengaged, each revealing
more of her soft, sweet young flesh.  When at last a final button
popped free, Susy paused, as if intentionally toying with her
imaginary audience.  Then, with a seductive glance into the
mirror, she allowed the wispy pink "baby boll" pajama top to slip
from her smooth shoulders and drop to the floor around her feet.
     Susy kicked the pajama top away and stood for a moment
before the tall mirror, gazing into the smokey eyes of her
reflected twin.  Now dressed only in her frilly pink panties,
Susy watched in fascination as her pert little breasts rose and
fell in time to her breathing, which she noticed was becoming
more labored by the minute.
     She turned aside to admire her profile.
     "Tits could be a bit bigger," she said ruefully, taking a
deeper breath to accentuate their undeveloped fullness.  "But
after all, I'm still growing."
     Turning to face her reflection once more, Susy resumed her
erotic performance.  The primitive beat of the music in her
little head seemed to move throughout her body now.  As she
danced, she passed her hands lightly up and down her nearly naked
body, from the elastic waistband of her little pink panties, up
along her hips, to just below her little budding tits, no larger
than ripe pears.  Finally, she cupped her tits gently, shivering
with sensation as she did so.
     "Uhhmmm," she breathed, as she began to knead and stroke her
young tits.  Already she could feel her tiny pink nipples begin
to stiffen and pulsate against her sweaty warm palms.
     "Okay, boys," she whispered to the audience in her mind. 
"Time for the main event!"
     With that, Susy lowered her hands to the waistband of her
frilly "little girl" panties, and with a tantalizing wiggle, she
slipped her fingers beneath the clingy elastic, and slowly began
to slide them down off her narrow hips.
     Susy's little teenage heart was palpitating wildly now as
her panties slipped lower and lower.  She watched her reflection
breathlessly as the first tiny blonde curl of her newly
developing pubic bush sprang into view.  Soon the girl's entire
nest of honey-colored cunt hair lay open to her gaze, and she
allowed her panties to slip unheeded down her trembling young
legs to lie in a little pink puddle around her ankles.
     Susy stepped free of the fallen panties and once more faced
her naked reflection in the full-length bedroom mirror.  The
"little girl" that had been there moments before was now gone and
the vision that had appeared in her place was nothing less that
of a beautiful, and deeply aroused, young "woman."
     "And right now," thought Susy, "what this woman needs is a
little finger-lovin'!"
     Blowing a kiss to her mirrored double, and once again
checking to see that her bedroom door was securely locked, Susy
trotted lightly back across the room and climbed back into her
bed.  She quickly stuffed a pillow behind her head in order to
give herself enough elevation to see what she was about to do,
and then lay back with a soft sigh of anticipation.  And to think
that until a couple of weeks ago she'd known nothing about the
intense pleasure a young girl could get from her own little body!
     "Whatever did I do for fun before this?" Susy sighed to
herself as she slowly spread apart her slender, sun-browned legs.
     A slight summer breeze from the open bedroom window passed
playfully over Susy's naked body, thrilling her budding
sensuality, stiffening the tips of her pert young breasts, and
tickling the sparse down that covered the sweet mound above her
sweet virgin slit.
     Teasingly, she ran her fingertips along the soft curve of
her inner thighs, starting at the bend of her knees and tracing
slowly up, almost, but not quite, to the tiny curls of her bush. 
Susy shivered and closed her eyes, lost in the incredibly
delicious sensation.
     It was so good!  She wished it could last for ever and ever!

Unable to restrain her young passion any longer, Susy allowed her
hand to slide slowly up along her soft thigh, all the way to that
wonderful, magical place between her legs.  Gingerly, she began
to brush and stroke her fuzzy little cunt-mound, already showing
signs of dampness from perspiration on the outside and from a
much nicer source of wetness from within.
     Bracing herself for the explosive burst of sensation she
knew was about to come, Susy firmly pressed her flattened right
hand down onto her now quivering pussy-mound, and held it there
tightly.
     It was as if some unseen tormentor had at that moment struck
the young teenager a mighty blow with a bullwhip directly between
her legs.  Susy gasped sharply as her back arched into a tight
bow and a devastating wave of almost painful pleasure broke over
her entire frame, pouring out from the hot region of her
throbbing little cunt, flowing over her aching breasts, washing
up and down her shivering legs, and back again to the source.
     "Ohhhhhhhhhh!" Susy cried to herself.  "That's soooo
gooooood!"
     With the middle finger of her right hand, Susy now began to
probe her little mound in earnest, searching for the entrance to
her tiny cunt-hole.  It wasn't hard to find.  Susy had visited
that secret region quite a lot lately and she was quite familiar
with the territory.  
     With the sigh of a young girl reunited with a long-lost and
tenderly-loved friend, Susy slid her finger almost effortlessly
into the little hole that lay between her slippery pussy lips.
     "Ohhhhhhh, Goddddddd!" Susy hissed, as her palm accidentally
grazed her sensitive little clit, now stiffly erect and demanding
attention.
     "Ooooooooo, my little pussy feels sooooo goooooood!  All
slippery and wet with pussy juice!"
     Susy let her finger rest within her cunt for a moment more,
simply savoring the feeling of anticipation of the much greater
thrills to come.  Then, with a deep moaning purr, she began to
slide her finger slowly in and out of her wet little hole.
     As she gently finger-fucked her virgin pussy, Susy began to
use her left hand to softly squeeze and stroke her equally
excited young breasts.  Under this double stimulation, Susy's
teenage body began to writhe about on her little bed, as if she
was engaged in some primitive pagan dance, her legs bending and
unbending, her back arching, her belly undulating, and her little
blonde head tossing frantically from side to side, as if still
suffering under the torment of an unseen whipmaster.
     Deep moans gave way to desperate grunts and pitiful little
whimpering cries, as Susy's self-inflicted pleasure approached
it's apex.
     "Uhhhnnn, it's so good, it's soooooo . . . fucking . . .
GOOOOOOOOOOOOD!" she cried.  "Ohhhh!  Gotta' come!  Ohhhh, now! 
I gotta' COME!  I NEED it . . . NOWWWWWW!"
     Suddenly, both hands were working together on her now
dripping, oozing pussy.  All ten fingers striving desperately for
the young girl's release.  Susy's eyes shot open.  She could feel
the rise of sensation, the coming wave of pure, impossible,
incredible, unbelievable bliss that was approaching.  And Susy
knew from experience the best way to bring it on.
     At exactly the right moment, when she absolutely could not
stand the waiting a second longer, Susy slid her left hand around
under her firm young bottom . . . and plunged a single finger
into her tight young asshole, as the finger and thumb of her
other hand pinched down hard on the little nub of her tortured
little clit.
     The force of her climax hit Susy with the force of an atom
bomb.
     "Eeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeewwwwwwwwww!" she absolutely
screamed, her hot, wet face plunging at that very instant into
the muffling softness of her pillow.  Even in the throws of her
orgasm, the sweetly cumming young teenager knew that her parents
and her little brother Bobby were sleeping in their own bedrooms
just a few feet away.
     Susy's climaxing body arched in a mighty muscle-wrenching
spasm of pleasure.  The bones, joints and muscles in her trim
little body creaked and popped alarmingly.  It was an intensity
of release that only the young can experience and survive.  Then,
when the original seizure had barely subsided, another wave of
even greater intensity came crashing down, contorting Susy's
convulsing body again . . . and again . . . and . . . Oh, God,
again . . . until the exhausted little teenager collapsed into a
helpless, slippery bundle of quivering, sobbing young girl-flesh.
     "Oh, God," she whimpered.  "How could anything feel so
good."
     Susy lacked even the strength to pull the bedsheet back over
her sweat and cum-soaked little body.
     Crying softly to herself, with her sweet little girl juices
drying in the soft summer breeze that drifted in through her
bedroom window, and with her heart trembling in the aftermath of
her devastating orgasm, young Susy drifted off to sleep.

                      

