"SUSY'S AWAKENING"  (in 5 chapters)


                           


                     CHAPTER THREE
 

     On this Saturday morning, two weeks later, Susy lay in her
bed, thinking back on the night of Cathy Jorden's pajama party.
     It had really been some party.
     Not surprisingly, none of the young girls had slept very
well that night.  Although Susy hadn't dared to give in to the
urge to play with herself then, even after the lights were out
and the girls were all snuggled inside their sleeping bags, she
was awakened several times during the night by the muffled, but
unmistakable sounds of one or another of her friends enjoying a
secret, solitary orgasm alone in her bag.
     Susy could still remember the look of tortured ecstasy she'd
seen on her friend, Lucy's face, lit by the flickering embers of
the dying fire, when Susy had opened her eyes just at the moment
of Lucy's orgasm.
     Even now, two weeks later, as she lay thinking about that
night, there was something about the memory of watching Lucy as
she came that wouldn't leave Susy alone.  It bothered her, and
she couldn't figure out why.
     Susy sighed deeply, still basking for a moment in the warm,
soft glow of her morning masturbation exercise.  Then she slid
out of bed, slipped into her bathrobe, unlocked and opened her
bedroom door, and crossed the hall to the door of the bathroom
she shared with her younger brother, Bobby.  He had apparently
finished with his shower, because the bathroom door, which he
always kept locked while inside, was now unlocked.
     Upon entering, Susy noticed that the other door to the
bathroom, the door that led to her brother's bedroom, was
slightly ajar.  As she was reaching to push it closed, Susy
froze.  Beyond the slightly open door she had caught a glimpse of
the inside of her brother's bedroom.  And there on the bed was
her little brother, Bobby.  And he was completely naked!
     Susy caught her breath as she took in this surprising and
intriguing sight.  Her younger brother . . . totally naked from
his tousled blonde head to his straining, sun-browned little
toes.  And, Susy instantly realized, Bobby was in the midst of
doing exactly what she had been doing just a few moments before. 
He was masturbating . . . beating his meat . . . jerking off . .
. right there in front of her!
     He seemed to be enjoying it, too!  Bobby's eyes were tightly
closed, and the small fist of his right hand was frantically
flying up and down on his adorable young prick.
     Her brother must have been doing this for a good little
while already, thought Susy, because from the way he was
wriggling around on the bed, he wasn't far from finishing.
     Suddenly it dawned on Susy that if she kept very still and
didn't make any noise that might alert her brother to the fact
that his older sister was standing just outside his bedroom door
watching him masturbate, she would soon get the chance to
actually see her very first live boy-cum!  It was an opportunity
too tempting to pass up, so Susy remained quietly peeking through
the slight gap in the opened door.
     Bobby's hand was really going fast now, just as fast as
Susy's fingers had flown in her own little pussy earlier that
morning.  The hand motion against his cock made an audible
hissing sound from the pleasurable friction.
     Her brother's lean brown legs were frantically bending and
unbending, his heels sliding up and down against the bedsheets,
and his head tossed from side to side on the pillow.  His whole
body writhed, as if enduring some unearthly form of torture. 
Susy could see that there were even a few tears squeezing out
from behind his tightly closed eyelids, and she could hear his
breathing as it came in quick, panting gasps.
     Then the boy's small gasps began to change into plaintive
little moans.
     "Uhmmmmmmph.  Oh . . . Oh . . . Oh!  Oh, Jeeeez!" he
whimpered.
     As she listened and watched from behind the door, Susy
unconsciously reached one hand down inside her robe to lightly
touch the folds of her warm pussy.  It had started to throb and
glow again in response to the exciting scene being played before
her.  Susy slowly massaged her aching, wet little clit, as she
saw her brother getting closer and closer to his inevitable
orgasm.
     "Uhmm . . . uhmm . . . uhmm . . . oh!  Feels so good," the
boy moaned.  "So damn good!  Oh . . . uhmmmmm!  Gonna' cum! 
Gonna' cum hard!  So hard!"
     Do it, Bobby! Susy thought.  Do it, little brother!  Let me
see your cum!  I wanna' see it so bad!
     At that exact moment, Susy's eyes widened in alarm as the
excited boy suddenly drew his sun-tanned knees right up against
his muscled young chest, and then violently kicked his legs
straight out again, gasping and crying sharply in time to his
frantically pounding fist!
     "Oh . . . oh . . . oh!  Ah . . . yeah . . . yeah . . . yeah!

Awwwwwwww!" he cried.
     Bobby's eyes suddenly flew wide open, flinging off a few hot
tears as his threw his head violently from side to side.  Then
his eyes squeezed tightly closed again as his entire body
stiffened.  Head back, teeth clinched, toes curled, as if in
unendurable agony, the now sweat-soaked young boy's back began to
slowly arch, until only the back of his head and the heels of his
feet touched the mattress.
     Susy believed she could actually hear the boy's straining
joints begin to crackle as his young muscles tightened almost to
the breaking point.
     He's going to die! Susy thought in alarm.  Her brother's
cums must be even stronger than her own, judging from the way he
was reacting.
     Then the boy let out a high little whining sound as his back
arched a fraction more.  Susy recognized it as the sound her
brother had made as a toddler when he was just about to cry over
something.  The memory caused Susy's little heart to swell with
love and sympathy.
     Now, little brother!  Now! she thought.
     Her brother's pitiful little cries pitched suddenly higher .
. . then broke into a scream!
     "Hah . . . ahhhhhhhhh . . . ahhhhhhhh . . . ahhhhhhhhh!"
     Susy felt like cheering and applauding wildly as her little
brother's hot, milky cum began to gush suddenly up from the boy's
painfully erupting cock.  The long white spurts shot nearly three
feet into the air above before splashing wetly down onto the
boy's heaving, sweating, tossing young body.
     And it kept on cumming!  Stream after glistening stream of
the milky white honey arched up, out and down across the boy's
chest, arms, and straining young neck.
     "Huhn!  Huhn!  Huhn!" the boy cried as his cream continued
to spurt in a seemingly endless supply.
     How much could there be? Susy thought in wonder.
     She also found herself wondering once again how that
sweet-looking stuff would taste.
     Slowly, Bobby's frantic thrashing began to die down, as the
hot geyser between his legs began finally to subside.
     Now the boy's cum was pumping out only in weak, warm little
spurts, as his slowing hand continued to gently milk his
softening little boy-prick.
     As her brother quieted down to a panting, sweating,
quivering, nearly exhausted young boy, Susy looked about the
room.  There was cum everywhere!  The bed and the boy were
drenched of course, but there were small spots and splashes on
the surrounding floor as well.  There was even a little streak of
fresh boy-juice dripping down the wall beside the bed.
     To Susy, it was a sight too beautiful for words.
     Susy jumped slightly as a voice called from outside the
boy's locked bedroom door, across the room from the bathroom door
where Susy was hidden.
     "Bobby, what on earth are you doing in there?!?!"
     It was their Mom!
     Bobby, quickly dropping his slippery cock and clutching at
his cum-covered chest in fright, answered brokenly.  "What?  Oh,
nothing, Mom!"
     "Well, what was all the yelling about?  Did you have a bad
dream or something?" their mother asked through the door.
     "Uh, yeah, mom!  That's it!  A bad dream!  But I'm okay
now!"
     "Alright, honey.  Now get dressed and come on downstairs and
have your breakfast.  I'm making pancakes!  Your favorite!"
     "Okay, Mom!" the boy cried, falling back on the bed with a
sigh of relief as he heard his mother's footsteps fading back
downstairs to the kitchen.
     "Whew . . . that was close," he said to himself, loudly
enough for Susy to make out his words.  "A guy just can't get any
time to himself around here.  I'm gonna' get caught one day for
sure."
     As Susy remained watching from her hiding behind the
bathroom door, her brother once again started touching and
stroking his wilted boy-meat.  It was suddenly getting hard
again!
     "Pancakes are good," the boy moaned softly to himself,
"Ummmmmmmmm.  But this is definitely better."
     Susy watched in amazement as her brother once again began
jerking on his stiffening young cock.
     "Uhmmmmm . . . yeah.  It'll have to be a quickie this time,
though," she heard him murmur.
     And within a few seconds the boy once again began to wriggle
his hips and arch his back.
     His cry of orgasm this time didn't amount to much more than
an anguished little whimper as a fresh supply of white boy-cum
spurted from his pulsing prick; just a few short squirts this
time, raining down upon his rapidly moving fist.
     "Uhmmmm . . . huhn . . . huhn . . . huhn . . . ohhhhhhh!" he
again cried, through clenched teeth.
     Susy watched as the boy quieted again.
     "Mmmmmnnnn," Bobby moaned weakly.  "I could just do that all
day."
     "Susy, Bobby, breakfast!" Susy heard their mother cry from
downstairs.
     The boy regretfully let go of his cock and sighed once more.
     "Sorry, little buddy," he said, apparently addressing his
still hardened young prick.  "Maybe Mom and Dad will take Susy
off shopping or something today so you and me can play around
some more.  Better save up, boy.  We might have a whole long day,
and nothing to do but beat off!  Yeah!"
     With that, he slid off the bed and approached the door to
the bathroom where his older sister was hiding.
     Susy ducked quickly and quietly back out to the hall and
into her own room as she heard the water begin to run as her
brother started in on his second shower of the morning.
     He sure needs it, Susy thought with a laugh.
     And she wondered, as she herself began trying for a final
quickie cum of her own before breakfast, if a boy's cum-juice
would be hard to wash off.




