Archive-name: Amazon/suzbc_01.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Suzie's Big Change  

Keywords: Violent at points

                                           
Suzie Spear was a sixteen year old blond, tall, skinny and 
except for her beautiful face, not much to look at.  She 
was the daughter of a husband and wife scientist team, and 
they all lived on a small island located a short distance 
off the California coast.  The island belonged to her 
parents, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Spear, and except for Carl, 
their laboratory assistant, her parents had little contact 
with the outside world.  Suzie's mom, Dr. Stephanie Spear, 
was a PhD in electrical engineering from M.I.T.  Her father,
Dr. Joseph Spear was a former college football star and well
schooled Physiologist from UCLA.  

Joe Spear was a big man, standing 6'5" tall and weighing 
nearly 250 pounds.  Although is had been a number of years
since he played football, he was still in good shape with
a hard muscular body.  Stephanie also was a big woman, at 
an even 6 feet tall,  she had long blond hair and the body 
of an olympic goddess.  Her legs were long and shapley and
her breasts were quite large for a woman so tall and slender.
They both wondered if and when Suzie would blossom into the 
image of her beautiful mother.  Suzie wondered too, because 
at her age, other girls were developing curves in all the 
right places.  Even though she was 5'10" tall, she was as 
skinny as a flagpole and her chest remained as flat as a 
board.  Suzie had a day job as a maid at the largest hotel 
in the area, it was just a short boatride each day and she 
actually liked it, not wanting to wear a white lab coat and 
work in the research facility on the island.  Even though she 
had a tremendous liking for Carl, her parents mousey lab 
assistant, she was able to see him every night at home since
he too lived on the island.

The Spears' research was financed by the US Government 
and several large universities.  It centered on the 
ability to transfer knowledge from one animal to another.  
They first began with rats, with one being trained to 
traverse an elaborate maze in only a few seconds, and 
then transfering this information through their electronic 
contraption into another rat, totally unfamiliar with 
the maze.  After many months, and numerous electonic 
designs, the pieces started to fall into place.  The 
learned knowledge was being transferred at the desired 
rates and their latest design, with all the new computer 
chips available, was no bigger than a childs lunchbox.  
Now it was time for step two.  This time they used dogs, 
one being a highly trained show animal, the other, a mutt 
from the local pound.  This time the connection worked 
like a dream, the pound mutt emerged with all the trained 
knowledge of the show dog and the knowledge remained 
perminantly.  All three members of the team, Stephanie, 
Joeseph and Carl  were pleased with the results and 
decided to break for a week, they all needed the rest 
and wanted time to plan for their next step, transfer 
between humans. 

Suzie knew everything there was to know about the success 
of the research, even though she hated to work in the 
laboratory, she typed all the scientific notes for the 
project during the evenings and on weekends.  This also 
gave her time together with Carl as he was usually present 
to interpret many of the unfamiliar terms.  He knew she 
was attracted to him, and despite their age difference of 
almost 12 years, he realized he was falling in love with 
this teenager.  He didn't want to chance a parental 
misunderstanding and possible loss of employment at a time 
like this, everything was going so well.  He decided to wait 
till the time was right before opening his heart to her.  
Suzie wanted Carl in the worst way, he was a little short 
for her liking at 5'7" tall, but he fit her ideal mold in 
all other catagories.  He was smart, good looking, dedicated
to his work and her parents trusted him, taking him into 
their family like a adopted son.

The decision on who to use for the next step of the research 
seemed to take forever.  They considered everyone from 
scholars to prisoners and they could never come to an agreement.  
Thinking out loud, Dr. Joe suggested the subjects might be 
Stephanie and himself.  The idea seemed to make sense, each 
of the doctors would benefit and be that much more valuable 
to the project with the others thoughts and knowledge.  The 
next morning they set about preparing for the transfer as 
Suzie zoomed off towards the mainland in her speedboat.  

The doctors were seated at opposite ends of the room in 
electrically insulated chairs and covered from neck to feet 
with a nonconducting, thermally insulated blanket.  Wires 
connected from all parts of their bodies to their magical 
box seated on a table between them.  Carl meticulously 
inspected each wire and took notes as he prepared to engage 
the transfer.  "The duration of the transfer has been set 
for 45 minutes Carl, we should be unconscious for another 
five to ten minutes after that" said Stephanie.  "Turn on 
the video and take as many observation notes as you can" 
said Dr. Joe.  Carl did as instructed and then flipped on 
the transfer switch.  Both doctors layed still as if they 
were a sleep.  Carl took notes and documented various meter 
readings as the minutes counted down.  The transfer was 
going just as planned, Carl studied their faces separately 
as they rested quitely under the protective blankets, taking 
more notes on the transfer readings every 5 minutes.

The electrical transfer box shutdown at the 45 minute mark 
and Carl lit up a cigarette to pass the time and celebrate 
the successful completion of his tasks.  The doctors never 
let him smoke in the lab but they were both still unconscious 
so he took the liberty.  Five minutes later as he crushed 
his butt out on the floor, Stephanie started to wake up.  
Carl walked over to her and as she looked up at him she 
said "it worked Carl, it worked, I have his thoughts, 
I know what he knows."  When he removed the protective 
blanket from  over her body he couldn't believe his eyes.  
"My god Stephanie, look at you" he said.  Stephanie rose 
to her feet and looked down at Carl's shocked face.  "Oh 
my god Carl, what have we done?, look at me, look at my 
body."  Stephanie stood a towering 6'7" tall, her body 
had grown and expanded so much she had shredded her 
clothes and wore nothing but her once baggy lab coat.  
She lifted her arms in a stretching like motion and the 
muscles in her biceps and forearms burst through the lab 
coat like it was made of tissue.  As she stepped forward 
the buttons popped off and the front of the coat burst 
open exposing her legs.  Her thighs were simply enormous, 
the size of tree trunks, with huge cords of muscle that 
flexed with each step she took.  "Oh Carl, what about my 
husband?, how is Joe?"  When Dr. Stephanie removed the 
blanket covering her husband's body, what they saw 
surprised both her and Carl.  Joe was nothing but skin 
and bones.  His body had simply shrunk, now he looked to 
be only 5'8" tall and so emaciated you could see his ribs 
an pelvic bones, but he was still alive.  

Stephanie easily picked his fragile little body up into her 
big muscular arms and carried him upstairs to the bedroom, 
being extra careful not to accidently crush him with the 
unfamiliar power she now posessed. It was going to take 
some time for her to get used to being so big and powerful, 
but her mind was already filled with the numerous possibilities 
her new muscles presented.  She wondered how her husband 
would react, being married to a woman who was now so much
bigger and stronger than he was.  As she stood looking at 
his shrunken little body laying on the bed, she wanted to 
hug him and kiss him, but knew it was not possible.  She 
realized that in his present condition, a simple hug from
her big arms, or a passionate embrace of her muscular 
thighs wrapping around his little body, would be fatal.  
She thought for a moment about her daughter, Suzie, and 
how she would react to this change, then continued tending 
to Joe as he laid limp and motionless on the bed. 

When Suzie returned that night, Carl tried to tell her 
what had happened, but she quickly bolted from the room 
and ran upstairs to see for herself. She couldn't believe 
what she saw, her mother, so much bigger and taller than 
before.  And the muscles she now posessed were bigger than 
any she had ever seen on anyone, anywhere.  She was holding 
her father on her lap and hand feeding him, and he looked 
like a starving skeleton of the man he once was, weak and 
near death. "Your father is going to make it Suzie" she 
said, "but I don't think things are ever going to be the 
same around here."  

It was weeks before Dr. Joe was even able to sit up in bed 
and talk, Stephanie cared for him like a mother would a baby, 
but all Joe wanted to do was return to the lab and try to 
reverse the proceedure.  Stephanie had different ideas,  
she had Joe's thoughts and knowledge and she had Joe's 
muscles too, and as she slowly nursed him back to health, 
she was realizing how much she loved being this strong and      
powerful.  She went along with Joe's attempts to reverse 
their changes, but knew it would not work.  The effects 
of the magical box could not be reversed, and the data 
showed that this type of transfer would be normal between 
males and females.  This proved to be an error they had 
not predicted, as all previous experiments involved mammals 
of the same sex.  It slowly became clear to Dr. Joe that
there would be no reversal of the transformation.  His 
wife, Dr. Stephanie,  was going to remain the tall muscular 
Amazon she had transformed into, and he would have to learn 
to deal with it, one way or another.

Suzie had again typed the notes of the experiment and knew 
everything she needed to know.  She liked what she saw, 
the knowledge and physical strength her mother had gained, 
and the way she was able to dominate her once physically 
superior father was astonishing.  The prospect of being 
as strong and powerful as her was even more exciting, this 
was exactly what she had been looking for, and she wanted 
Carl to be her man, only he was much too small to provide 
a transfer that would enable her to grow as tall and 
muscular as her mom.  She had a better idea. She formulated 
a plan of her own, a plan that would start that friday night.  
She was waiting for the right time, and it wasn't going to 
be long now, there were only a few minor details that needed 
to be worked out.

On Monday, she gave one weeks notice at work and agreed to 
sub Friday night for one of the other employees.  There was 
to be a National Mens Body Building contest on Friday night 
at the hotel, and most of the employees would attend.  
Suzie's plan was beginning to shape up.  That night a home 
she located the drugs that were necessary for her plan and 
now she was ready.  She fooled around the lab at night, all
week long, making a copy of the magical box to be used 
as a substitute when she made the temporary switch.  Late 
Friday afternoon after Carl left the lab for the weekend, 
Suzie made the switch and headed for her last hours of work.  
She went about her work as usual, picking up her final check 
at the front desk at 9:00 PM.  Standing at the rear of the 
auditorium, she searched out the largest man to appear on 
stage.  He looked magnificient, standing nearly 6'6" tall 
and weighing 275lb, he was a mountain of muscle and looked 
to be around 29-30 years old.  Taking his name from the 
program, she accessed the register database from a vacant 
administrative office and recorded his room number.  As 
she returned through the lobby, she noticed the show was 
over and her man had placed third.  He would be returning 
to his room shortly, most likely in a fowl mood, she would 
be waiting.

Suzie pushed the maids cart down the hall to room 297, 
opened the door with her keys and pulled the cart in behind 
her.  She went about her business cleaning the bathroom 
and making the bed.  Suddenly the door flew open and in 
walked her man, he looked even bigger in person.  "Get 
the hell out of here bitch, I want to be alone" he said.  
She looked up at his towering frame and couldn't believe 
how big and muscular he was, "Are you deaf bitch, I said 
I want you out of here, now !"  As she opened the door and 
pushed the cart outside, she thought to herself "boy am I 
ever gonna teach this son of a bitch a lesson."  Before 
leaving, she walked through the room spraying a can of 
air freshner, making sure she held her breath the entire 
time, "Yo bitch, get your skinny ass out of here before 
I throw it out" were the last words she heard him say as 
she closed the door.  Standing just outside, she heard 
his body hit the floor with a thud only moments later.  
The drugs had worked as planned, he would be out for 
several hours and it would be only a few minutes more 
till she could enter the room.

Suzie returned the maids cart to it's closet and removed 
the all powerful electrical box, carrying it with her 
back to room 297.  She closed the door behind her, locked 
it, and wedged a chair under the door knob.  Everything 
was perfect, the room had no windows and her huge muscular 
man laid naked and out cold on the floor at her feet.  
She quickly attached the wires to the proper locations 
on his body and then she sat down on the bed as she 
attached the remaining wires to herself.  She calculated 
the transfer time to be 50 minutes, since this man was 
a little larger than her father and she was so much smaller 
than her mother's original size.  She flipped the timer 
on and laid back, thinking mostly about Carl and how he 
would soon be under her power.

She woke up nearly two hours later, feeling groggy and 
disoriented, she suddenly realized that the effects of 
the knockout drug had also transferred to her.  She looked 
down the length of her body and saw her clothes were 
shredded and torn from the transformation.  As she rose off 
the bed, the shredded rags fell to the floor and she stood 
totally naked looking at herself in a wall mirror.  She 
liked what she saw, the transfer had worked.  She estimated 
her height to be about 6"10" tall since her head was so 
close to the ceiling.  She stretched out her arms and 
flexed, watching her biceps explode into huge balls of 
rock solid muscle.  Her forearms were equally powerful 
looking, with cables of muscle and veins etched down 
both sides.  Her once skinny legs were now simply massive, 
with each of her thighs having grown to nearly 40" around. 
When she flexed them, they knotted into deep cut muscles as 
hard a steel with smaller muscle laced in between them. As
she rose up on her toes, she saw her calves bulge out with 
deep grooved muscles just like her  mothers'.  Turning to 
look at the reflection of her back and calves from another
angle in the mirror,  she realized the man was not on the 
floor anymore, but at the door, struggling feebly with the 
chair she had wedged against it.  "What have you done to me 
you bitch?, let me out of here, let me out of here now." he 
said as she looked down on him from across the room, amazed 
at the sight of his body.  He appeared to have shrunk to 
about 5'6" tall and looked like he weighed maybe 50 lbs.  
She figured the extra five minutes on the timer had reduced 
him even more than she expected.  But just like her father 
after the transfer, he was nothing but skin and bones.

Suzie estimated her new weight to be about 295 lbs, but 
the closer she got to him the smaller he looked.  When 
she finally stood over him, she had to laugh at the 
puny remains of this once massive man.  "Remember me 
little man, I'm the skinny bitch you were going to throw 
out of here a few hours ago" she said as she smiled down 
on his cowering form.  "you shouldn't be so mean to little 
16 year old girls, they might come back and get you when
they've grown up" she laughed again.  She reached down 
and grabbed both his wrists with one hand as he tried 
to protect himself, lifting his wimpy little body off 
the ground.  She carried him across the room to the mirror, 
and held him out in front of her with one arm, examining his 
skinny remains and letting him see their reflections.  "I've 
taken just about all you have to offer me little man, but 
there is one thing left" she said.  She layed his body across 
both her forearms and curled him to her massive chest, her
breasts spilled over his body as her biceps rose into huge 
balls of solid muscle, digging deeply into his stomach and 
chest, threatening to crush his ribs at any moment.  Suzie 
knew she could easily crush this little man to death if she 
wanted, using just her bulging biceps, but after holding 
him captive like that for several minutes, she reconsidered 
when she thought of the mess it might make if she squashed 
him.  He must have realized the danger too, because he passed 
out and went limp in her arms at that moment.

She layed his limp body on the bed with his arms at his 
sides, then rolled him up tightly with the bed sheet, 
allowing only his head and feet to be exposed at each end.  
She gathered up the electrical box, his clothes and other 
items so as to not leave a trace, and put aside a set of 
his clothes she thought might fit her, they would be tight, 
but they would fit.  She placed everything in a duffel bag, 
then stood at the end of the bed looking down on her 
captive little man all rolled up in the bed sheet.  

Suzie knew she had to remove all traces of evidence, the 
captive little man was all that remained.  She leaned 
over and grabbed him by the waist with both hands, 
lifting his upper body off the bed and up between her 
massive thighs.  When she placed her feet together on 
the floor, she felt and heard several of his ribs snap 
like twigs.  Looking down at his waist and then back 
over her sholder at his head, she realized that her thighs 
were so big that they literally encased his upper body 
from neck to waist.  She didn't even have to flex her 
mighty thighs and already she had broken several of his 
ribs.  This was going to be much easier than she had 
originally thought.  


She flexed both of her massive thighs at the same time, 
"SSSCRUNCHHH", crushing his upper body flat, the sound 
made her laugh, as it reminded her of a bag of potato 
chips she had once sat on.  Still holding his crushed 
torso firmly between the vice-like grip of her tightly 
clenched thighs, she reached back and took hold of his 
head with her right hand and gave it a vicious twist, 
his neck snapped as easily as if she was opening a jar 
of pickels.  As she removed her hand from his head, it 
fell limply against the rock hard muscles that laced 
the back of her legs.  She slowly reached forward and 
grasped both his skinny ankles with her left hand and 
pulled her arm sharply to her side, his back broke with 
a loud crack as she let his legs fall limply to the 
mattress.  She pulled his mangled body from between her
awsome thighs and dropped it on the bed.  Except for 
his head, she thought his remains looked like they had 
been run over with a steamroller, Suzie had simply 
squashed him flat.

She folded his crushed and broken remains into a tight 
little package and rolled him up in the remaining bed 
sheet.  Stuffing his body into his oversize workout bag, 
she zipped it shut and left through a back door leading 
onto the beach.  She was in the boat and on her way home, 
leaving no traces behind.  She tossed the mans remains 
into a gator pit on the far side of the island and circled
back on her way home.  She thought about her mother, and
how both of them had been transformed, and then she thought
about Carl, and how she was going to have her way with him.
"Yeah" she said to herself, "I can't wait to get my hands 
on Carl."


To Be Continued..... 

