Archive-name: 3plus/suzy-q.txt
Archive-author: John Carter
Archive-title: Suzy Q's Party Game


(If anyone has the "game" ..which I've seen posted.. please post it.)

    You  are  at a party with Paul.   You know about 1/3  of  the
people and it seems a friendly group.  People are getting to know
each other and a group in the back bedroom is playing "Dare".
   Dare,  you find out, is a game where you pick a card when your
turn comes and must accept the dare,  or take off something.  One
man is shirtless when you walk in, so the game has been going for
a little while.  One girl you don't know is in her slip.  You ask
Paul to join the game with you, but he wants to talk  to  some
friends in the kitchen.
   You go in alone.
   When your turn comes, you are to, "With a blindfold on, Kiss 3
members of the opposite sex and then say who was who."
   Three men are picked out, you are blindfolded.
   The first seems to be trying to lick your tonsils.  The second
uses less tongue, but spends nearly a minute feeling your ass as
he kisses you.  The third also uses a lot of tongue and not only
feels your ass, but fondles your breasts as well.  You tolerate
all of it because if you stop any of them, you will fail the
dare.
   You take off the blindfold and correctly pick out the  three,
one because of a beard, and the other two because of a guess at
their height.
   When it is your turn again, a woman is down to bra and
panties, a man to his shorts, and you draw, "Show your underwear
to anyone who can guess its color.  Three people can try."
   You take a deep breath because you are wearing a garter belt
with matching see-through black panties.   You know that one can
easily read through them.
    Again three men are picked from the group.  The first guesses
that you aren't wearing any.  You laugh and tell him he's wrong.
   The second guesses black, and you realize he's won.   You get
him to back up and lift your dress so that only he can see.   He
wistles appreciatively.
   The host of the game tells you that since you lost you have to
take something off, and with a sly grin you reach under your
skirt and untie the ends of your panties and set them on the
dresser with the other discarded clothing.
   As you watch, two men lose trousers and a woman loses her
bra, and two people quit the game leaving only about ten of you
in there.
  The woman with nothing covering her breasts reminds the group
that you haven't had as many questions as the rest and suggests
that you get 2 extra to get even with the group.
   The group ignores your answer and quickly votes to give you
the extra dares.
   Your next card says,  "Take off your bra without unfastening
anything on your dress or blouse."
   As your bra opens in the front, you are able to open it and
pass each half down one of your arms without real trouble.  As
people see it comments are made that it can easily be seen
through.  The host tells you that a rule of the game forbids
putting anything back on.
   The next card says, "Have 3 members of your sex draw straws,
and spend at least a minute french kissing them."
  They dig up some matches and all of the women pick one.  Nancy,
a red haired woman of about 24,  (38-24-36,  5'10")  wins.   She
grins and says that she always likes to win this part.  She makes
you sit on her lap and the host reminds you if you break the kiss
you will lose the dare.
   Nancy begins kissing you with great determination, and knowing
that you have nothing much on beneath your dress, first fondles
your breasts and then slides a hand under your skirt, right onto
your mound, playing with your clit.
   You hold the kiss, but can't sit still with those experienced
hands on your clit.  She brings you to orgasm expertly, as you
twist on her lap.   When you break the kiss, the group applauds
and you see that 6 minutes have passed.
   Nancy keeps her hand on your throbbing cunt for a moment, and
then you stand up.  She still doesn't relinquish her grip until
you have taken a few steps away.
  Your breath is faster than before, as you watch the next round
go on.  A man looses his shorts exposing a thick  hard-on.  A
second woman gives up her top. The woman with no top loses her
skirt, leaving her with nothing.
   You wonder what will happen if they lose again.
   Bob takes this moment to return to the room.  The host asks
him if he wants to stay.   Staring at the breasts of  the  two
women,  Bob says yes.   They tell him that he must answer 5 dares
if he is to remain.
   He  gets the "Kiss 3 people of the oposite sex" dare and you
are second, Nancy is third.  You grope Bob as the first  woman
has, rubbing his cock through his trousers.   Nancy does you one
better, unzipping his fly and reaching inside.
   Bob doesn't get you (thinks you were no.  1).  He loses 4  of
the 5 leaving him standing there in his shorts, with his erection
trying to poke its way out.
   The host announces that things have gone far enough to  bring
out  the  really  adult  cards.   You get  the first.  You are
blindfolded and three pricks are put into your hands.  You are
amazed that you can't tell Bob's from the others.  As everyone in
the room looks on, you remove your top.
   The naked woman loses her dare as well, and all of the men
draw straws.  The host tells her that she will have to sit on the
lap of the winner for at least 5 minutes.  You watch her sit on
the winner's lap, as he carefully slips his prick into her
dripping hole, wondering if that will be your penalty as well.
   You all watch as the host times the woman.  She tries not  to
react, as if her not moving would convince everyone that she is
not really being screwed in front of everyone, but the man's slow
stroking of her pussy causes her to begin to react after about
three minutes.  She is just getting into it when the host calls
time and makes her get up.
   Everyone laughs at her reaction, as Nancy and the host
pull her off the man's erect member.
   Your next dare is to "Look at three women's breasts and then
identify them while blindfolded and touching them only with your
tongue."
   Nancy quickly volunteers as do two other women.  You look at
their  breasts,  gauging their size and characteristics and  then
are blindfolded.
   Your  tongue  makes contact with each breast in turn.  You
decide to try something and really give each of them a working
over until they make some sound.  The second woman is quiet until
you use your teeth on her nipple and can't hold back her moan of
pleasure.  The third makes a moaning sound from the first lick.
   You recognize Nancy as the first, and guess at the other two.
You are right.
   The Host calls you for a penalty.  You used your teeth on one
and he tells you to remove your skirt.  He was going to go
further, but you can see in his eyes that he finds your black and
red garter belt very kinky.  He tells you that you must keep it
on, but that you will have to pay off penalties the same as the
other nude players from now on.
   He reaches into the penalty box and picks out an "ADULT" card.
He doesn't show it to you, but has the three women read it.  They
slowly surround you and move you to the bed.  Nancy sits down and
the other two arrange you on her lap.  The one whose breasts you
bit, sits at your head so that your face rests on her mound and
holds your arms so that you can't move.
   The last one holds your legs and begins to play with your
cunt. "She  really is wet, Nancy," you hear her say as she
begins to finger your clit and deeply probe you at the same time.
Your hips involuntarily begin to squirm on Nancy's lap as Nancy
delivers the first spank.
   Nancy continues for a moment and then asks you, "How many was
that?"
   You don't know.
   She says, "Then we'll start over."
   Nancy continues spanking you while your cunt is being probed.
You have kept count this time.  At twenty you hear her say to the
woman holding your arms, "Has she started licking yet?"
   When she hears the "No." Nancy says, "We'll start again."
   You bury your face in the cunt that belongs to a woman who
you realize, you have no idea of her name.
   When  Nancy asks you again,"How many was that?"  Your count
was 23.
   You guess that you've missed some and say, "Twenty-five."
   Nancy says,  "No. You'll have to do better, We'll start
again."
   You can hear the others in teh group applaud and call out
encouragement, not to you, but to your tormentors.  You hear Paul
also congratulating Nancy on the show she is making you put on.
   At the same time the hands on your cunt have never slowed
down.  You have lost count of your orgasms, (there have been at
least 5),  and judging from the number of times the woman you are
licking has grabbed your head, she has had at least 3.
   The next time Nancy asks you te count you tell her 25 and  she
tells you you are right.   She asks, "Sheila, are you satisfied?"
to the woman at your head, and you hear her say, "For now, unless
she's grown a dick." and the woman probing your love box also
says she is done.  Nancy tells you you must count out the next
ten swats so that everyone in the room can hear and then thank
her, Sheila, and Sandy by kissing their cunts.
   You agree.
   She takes over a minute to spank you ten times.  You kiss
Sheila's cunt without getting up and thank her.   You get up and
kiss Sandy's cunt and thank her, leaving Nancy's for last.
   You spend about three minutes on Nancy until you hear her come
and them thank her, and as you do you realize that you mean it.
The experience was most gratifying.
   Paul draws the next dare ...
   Paul  picks out a dare card and his reaction to reading it
shows he didn't expect it.
  "Using  only your  mouth, identify the cocks of 3 men while
blindfolded."
   He turns to you and says, "You know, I really don't want to do
this."
   You answer him, "You enjoyed watching me with 3 women.  It's
not going to hurt you, and besides think of what our host will think
of as a penalty if you refuse."
   He thinks for a moment and decides to try it.  You're not sure
which of your arguments convinced him.
   You stare appreciatively at the three hard-ons that are
displayed  before the group.  Paul is blindfolded, and you coax
him by telling him that this is exciting you tremendously.
   He is done in less than a minute, and only guesses one right.
   The host asks you to help with his penalty.
   Still blindfolded,  he is forced to sit on the end of the bed.
The remaining women in the room undress.  Clothing is no longer a
penalty.  Each sits on his raging cock for exactly one minute.
You are the fourth and Paul recognizes you by the stockings you
are wearing if by nothing else and he begs you to stay long
enough to let him come.  You give him a throat clearing kiss, and
leave on time as his hips buck towards you.
   Nancy is the last one to slip onto his cock.  She teases him
mercilessly and leaves without letting him come.
   You tell the host you will help with any penalties that he
needs you to.
   The host smiles at you and says that you will be welcome to
join in on the next few ...
   You see Nancy get the next card.
   She seems amused.  She reads the card out, "Pick out three men
and handle their cocks.  While blindfolded sit on their cocks and
identify all three." She picks out three men from the group, but
tells Paul that he's had too much recently and avoids him.  She
handles each cock until it is firm and is then blindfolded.  She
humps each one soundly, giving none of them a chance to come,
though she is able to come on the third cock.
   She guesses wrong and the general consensus is that she wanted
to lose.
   The host asks you to help.  Nancy is tied down on her face on
the bed so that her hips bend at the edge.  Each man is to fuck
her for exactly one minute.  You are to stand near her and insert
each prick.   The host will time them.  You are to withdraw each
one (by the balls if necessary) at his signal.
   You speak to Paul for a moment and take your station.  You
grasp the first of the 6 pricks that will enter Nancy's hole with
both hands.  Saying that it is necessary, you moisten it with
your tongue, and then expertly insert it.
   Just as she is beginning to move in time with her partner, the
host signals you to end it.   You gently grasp the prick and stop
it's fucking motion.
   You also moisten the second one with your warm mouth, putting
it in and withdrawing it before she can get any satisfaction.
   The third and fourth go the same way.
   The host takes the fifth position, and you spend extra time on
his cock, and mischievously ask him if he really wants you to stop.
   He tells you that he'll let you continue later.
   Paul is last.  Nancy was thrusting her hips forcefully at the
last two pricks, and you tease her by taking extra time opening
the folds of her cunt for this last attack.   Your finger  slides
across  her  clit as you open her.  Paul enters  her like the
others, but after about 4 strokes, you have him pull out and with
your help slide into her ass.
   Paul is in for only the requisite minute when the host calls
time.  Nancy thrusts back her hips to try to keep his swolen
member in place but to no avail.
  The host asks for a vote on a special penalty for you.  Nancy
rolls over on her back,  her hand slowly drifting towards her
hungry snatch. No one votes against your special penalty.
  The  host  blindfolds you so that you so that people can  "Give
you what you should get without your knowing who did what."
  A blindfold is placed over your eyes, and several sets of hands
push you down on the bed.
  A cock prods against your mouth and you hungrily begin  sucking
on it. A second burries itself into your dripping cunt, but after
about 4 strokes, slips out.  You feel your ass cheeks being
parted.  In a single thrust he is in your ass.
  Only the cock in your mouth prevents you from crying out.
  You  are rolled over on your side slowly so as not to dislodge
either  of the pricks fucking you and two mouths begin sucking on
your breasts.  You feel that at least one is a womans as you can
feel no beard.
  Someone crowds up to your sex and tries to enter you.  After a
second they succeed.
  You feel as if a mob was fucking you all at once ...
   The whole group has seemingly climbed on you.   The  cock  in
your  mouth  is pumping with abandon.  The cock in your cunt  is
pumping away,  but with some difficulty.  The one in your ass is
still penetrating you, but it's owner seems to be getting most of
his  stimulation  from your heaves in reaction to the  others  on
you.
   The two mouths on your breasts alternate between teasing  you
and stimulating you as hard as you can take it.  You are glad for
the  blindfold in a way.   The extra stimulation would only be a
diatraction.
  Someone  takes your hand and puts it in their cunt and begins
rubbing off on your fingers, using them like a dildo.
  You are so overwhelmed by all this, you can only react.  It is
as if you have become an object, losing your will.
  The cock in your mouth begins to pulse.  Seconds later a milky
stream spurts down your throat.  You try to take it all, but some
drips down your cheek.
  Before you can recover a pussy is put in its place, and you try
to lick it correctly.  The pair sharing your ass and cunt seem to
have reached a rhythm together, their pumping forcing you to
come.
   As you reach your second orgasm, you hear a cry and the man
humping your cunt comes.  As he slowly withdraws you can feel his
semen slowly begin to run out of your hole.   His partner in your
ass continues to pump, if anything with more force now.
  A face appears at your cunt and begins licking you out with a
frenzy. The sensation of being ass-fucked and eaten together is a
new one for you and you begin to come again.
  Your hair is pulled and you try to keep up with the demands of
the cunt in your face.  A new cock appears in your hand and  you
begin rubbing it up and down.
   One of the mouths on your nipples leaves and a rough pair  of
hands begins rubbing your entire breast, kneading it like dough.
   Off to one side of the group, someone is asking to give you a
REAL spanking.
  The pussy you have been sucking on seems to force itself down
harder. You lick it for all you are worth.  Her thighs crush your
face as she reaches orgasm.
  A new cock quickly replaces it and forces its way into your
mouth.  You picture a line of people at each of your appatures,
waiting for a turn.  You also realize that you  have lost  any
connection between these sexual organs and the people they are
attached  to.  The blindfold has taken away everything but your
ability to feel what is happening, and you admit to yourself, you
had  secretly hoped something like this would  happen.  You  had
been in a constant state of arousal since Nancy fingered you.
  The man fucking your ass has seemingly reached a point of no
return.  He grabs your hips and takes charge of your  movements.
Seconds later you sense rather than feel him spurting deep into
your core.  He lays down next to you and you feel his cock
soften, slowly slipping out of your ass.  He slides away, leaving
your backside exposed.
  The  mouth  on your right breast is replaced by  another  rough
hand.  Your breasts are massaged in tandem now.  One hand leaves
and seconds later you feel something on your chest, in the valley
between your breasts.
  A  hand  spreads  it arround and it seems to  be  hand  lotion.
Someone climbs on your stomach,  slides up and places a hard cock
between your oiled tits.  His hands push your breasts together,
making them into a cunt for him to fuck.
  He goes after you with abandon.
  The  cock  in your mouth goes away without shooting  down  your
throat.  The  cock  in  your hand is replaced by a  steamy  cunt.
Someone  is kissing your mouth,  a woman you  think,  her  tongue
snaking down your throat.
  You  can feel come leaking from your ass and cunt.   The  penis
fucking your tits increases its speed.
  Someone pulls your legs up.  exposing your ass.  Ten hard swats
are spread over the next minute., though soemone's hand is now in
your pussy, bringing you off.
  The  cock on your chest begins to spurt,  come hits your  face,
dripping down.  The woman kissing you must have been hit too, but
she has continued tonguing you without a miss.
  He gets off your chest.   The mouth kissing you departs as does
the finger in your snatch.  You lay there exhausted for a moment.
  After about a minute, the blindfold is removed.  You are handed
a  towell  and you pat yourself as you stare at the assembled
group. You realize that your boy friend was one of them, and that
you couldn't even tell him from the others.
  The host tells you to thank each of them and tells you how.
You kiss each woman's cunt and kiss and mouth each man's prick,
thanking each of them.
  Just them the door opens, "Where is every .... body?  Boy was I
in the wrong room!" the newcomer says.

--
