It was a hot and stormy night.  

Windy was alone at home.  

He was working on the BBS,when there was a knock on the door.  He 
didn't know who it could be at that time of night.  To his 
surprise it was two old friends.  Brian and Shirley, they had 
come a long way to see him.  They had enjoyed all the fun they 
had chatting on the computer.  Now they wanted to try it all in 
person.

So, they all sat down to talk to each other. It was like old 
times on the computer. They started rubbing on each other, 
caressing the others backs.  Before they knew what had happened 
they were in the bedroom. 

Shirley started unzipping both mens pants so she could massage 
their growing masses.  She hungrily started to work Windy as she 
sucked Brian's hot cock.  Both hot cocks started to grow hard and 
stiff. So she kept sucking Brian's cock while Windy started 
greedily licking and sucking at her clit.  She started to moan 
and push with each lick and suck he gave.  She worked Brian's big 
juicy cock even faster, while he shoved it deeper into her 
waiting mouth.  She was loving the double teaming they were 
giving her.  

Brian knew he was close so Windy took the lead by putting his hot 
throbbing rod in her mouth. Shirley moaned with excitement.  
Windy started to fuck deep into the waiting hot mouth,(as he 
thought to himself -now I'll really give her a long hot 
workout!>.  Brian was licking Shirley's hot clit as the juices 
were flowing wildly.  Shirley started to fuck as she grew hotter 
by the second.  Brian loved it when she started fucking his face 
and started to tongue her sweet,wet love hole.  Shirley had never 
had two men work her before and she just couldn't hold back all 
of her excitement any more and screamed I'M CUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMING 
IT'S SOOOOOOOOOOO HOT PLEASEEEEE FUUUUUCK MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE. 

But Windy and Brian made her wait. She started sucking Windy with 
all her might. He loved the way she licked his shaft from the 
very bottom to the tip,then nibbled a little at his growing head.  
Brian started to work her again.  He loved to have her so hot 
that when his big,long,mass went in. It burned it was so hot deep 
inside her sweet cunt.  He knew it was time to give it to her. 

He got up on his knees and slid it into her hot waiting cunt.  
She scream with pleasure as it went in. He only gave her the very 
tip of his massive rod.  Even though she begged for more. By now 
Windy was ramming his full length deep inside he hot working 
mouth, as she moaned and begged for Brain to give it all in one 
long shove. Windy let her have his full, love rod. She could feel 
it deep in her throat, as he rammed it deeper to give her his full 
load of hot yummy cummmm. 

He looked at her and said get ready for your hot love load.  Here 
it cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, oh yes, suck it deep 
baby. Take it all.  She took the first wave but, couldn't keep 
the last three in.  Brian was working her sweet pussy so 
wonderfully that she went wild and started fucking hard and got 
his full love rod.  Windy slid under her and started licking and 
sucking at her clit.  She screamed with pleasure and waves of 
cummm started flowing for her sweet cunt. 

They both shuddered and came together, falling hotly on the bed.  
I want more Shirley said, but first I have to rest. I can't stop 
trembling from that trip to ecstacy.

