Swap
by deirdre

You can imagine my surprise when my wife, Amy, told me after we 
saw an erotic movie together, that she found the idea of swinging 
"interesting"?  Though I must admit that I sometimes find women 
besides Amy attractive, I certainly wasn't planning anything.  But I 
was definitely turned on by Amy's interest in illicit sex, and was 
soon contemplating the possibilities.

Things got a little more interesting when we went to a party for 
Amy's coworkers.  It was early summer and it was at the home of 
one of her coworkers who had a pool.  I certainly enjoyed the sight of 
the women who work in Amy's office, but one struck me in 
particular: she was tall, thin though not too skinny, dark brown 
shoulder-length hair, the look of a world-class model, including an 
air about her that said she was in control.  She was wearing a rather 
skimpy one-piece that definitely emphasized her best features.  I 
asked Amy who she was and Amy told me she was Charlotte who was 
a secretary in one of the other offices.  That placed her below Amy 
in the pecking order, which was a relief because I might have 
guessed that she was high up in the company.  But things got more 
interesting when I noticed Amy watching me, and she asked me what 
I thought of Charlotte.  I told her Charlotte was damned attractive 
and Amy said she had to admit that Charlotte was about as sexy a 
woman as she had ever seen, and pointed out that Charlotte's 
husband, Jay, was a good-looking guy too.  I looked over at Jay and 
could see right away that Amy could find him attractive: he was big 
and tall and obviously worked out--all muscle and not an ounce of 
fat.  They looked like a couple of the beautiful people in their prime.

Well, Amy took me over and introduced me to Charlotte and Jay and 
we ended up talking and hanging out together for the rest of the 
party.  It would be natural to say that we immediately hit it off, but 
I spent a lot of time trying to talk to Jay and we seemed to be able 
to discuss sports for a short while, but really had very little in 
common.  But it was pleasant enough watching Charlotte and 
enjoying the beautiful summer weather.

Afterwards, Amy asked me what I thought of the idea of swinging 
with Jay and Charlotte.  It was obvious she knew I'd go for Charlotte.  
She seemed to be sounding me out on the idea of her getting it on 
with Jay.  It did bother me a little, but Charlotte's sex appeal, and 
the fun of having a wife "into" sex-games easily overcame my 
reservations.  Amy said that she had had the idea all along that 
Charlotte and Jay were rather "free", sexually speaking, and she 
suggested inviting them over for dinner.  Not aiming for anything the 
same night: just to see how things go and lay the groundwork for the 
future.  So she invited them over.  Amy and I dressed up to be our 
sexiest and it was strange having Amy being insistent about what I 
wear to make the best impression on Charlotte.  Charlotte showed up 
in a little white dress, classy and sexy, that made Amy look like a 
schoolgirl.  I could tell that Jay was dressed just right to pique 
Amy's interest.  Once again, I really didn't have that much to talk 
about with Jay and we sort of manufactured conversation about 
sports and cars.  Charlotte's conversation really wasn't any more 
interesting, but the way she talked and looked around at us all drove 
me crazy!  Afterwards, Amy was as ready as ever to get together 
with them, but we both knew we were too chicken to bring up the 
subject with them.

Well, they did invite us over their house for dinner to return the 
favor, so we still maintained hope that something might develop.  
Well, it developed much sooner than we anticipated: before dinner 
and after a couple of pre-dinner drinks, Jay announced that they had 
the idea that we were interested in swinging.  Suddenly I couldn't 
breath--it was too soon, too sudden.  I looked at Amy and she looked 
at me and we realized that this is what we had been shooting for so 
we had best plunge right in when we had the chance.  "Well, it sounds 
interesting to us" I said, trying to remain cool.  Jay said that they 
would go along with it, but under two conditions: that Amy and I 
strip first, and that we go along with whatever they tell us to do.  
Jay was standing, leaning against the mantle, and Charlotte was 
leaning against him with his arm around her.  His arm was around her 
back with his hand on her hip and he patted it a couple of times.  I 
looked at Charlotte's hip.  Again Amy and I looked at each other, this 
time confused.  I wasn't sure if she would go along with that idea 
and wasn't sure I wanted to either.  We ended up trying to talk to 
each other with our eyes and faces, and I suspect we were each 
trying to avoid making the decision ourself, but once again, we ended 
up agreeing to try it.  "OK" I said.

"OK" said Jay, "Let's see you two take off your clothes".  Charlotte 
walked over to me and started unbuttoning my shirt.  She had this 
little smirk on her face that I wanted to wipe off by shoving my cock 
right into her.  I glanced over at Amy: she was looking at Jay as if 
she were hypnotized, and with a glance at me to confirm that I was 
actually getting undressed, she started taking off her clothes.  
Charlotte only had to get my shirt half-way unbuttoned and I took 
over the job of undressing myself, and soon there were Amy and I, 
naked as the day we were born, standing there in front of Jay and 
Charlotte, still dressed to kill.  Charlotte finally took my hand and 
led me to a small table and told me to lie down with my stomach on 
it.  I gave her a funny look.  Then Jay remined us of our promise and 
Charlotte put her hand on my ass, just holding one cheek.  I layed 
down as requested.  It was a rather embarrassing position, with my 
body on the table, my head an arms hanging off one end, and my legs 
and ass hanging off the other.  She massaged my rear, but Jay and 
Amy just watched.  I looked back at her as best I could.  She finally 
took a small dildo, covered it with lubricant, and started pushing it 
into my ass!  My cock had gotten hard, and if embarrassed, I must 
admit that I was still finding some excitement in the situation!  
Then Jay came over, knelt down beside my head, and quick as a flash, 
I discovered Charlotte and Jay had clicked handcuffs on all four of 
my limbs, tying me to the table!  I was opening my mouth to protest 
when Jay inserted a ball gag in my mouth and attached it with a 
strap around my head!  Then Jay went around behind me and began 
working the dildo!  Charlotte walked over by Amy and whispered 
something to her.  I couldn't see Jay very well, but I could see Amy 
and Charlotte.  Amy looked amused!  I couldn't believe she would see 
humor in my complete humiliation!  Jay pulled the dildo out and I 
realized that he was unzipping his pants!  I looked over to the girls 
and once again, Amy looked like it was all a good joke!  Charlotte, 
who was still dressed, had her arm around Amy with her had resting 
on Amy's hip just like Jay's had been on her own hip before.  Then I 
felt Jay touching my asshole!  "Should I? " I heard him say, and I 
couldn't believe it as I watched Amy give her head a nervous little 
shake of "yes"!  She was still smiling!  Jay plunged his cock right 
into me and I thought I would die!  I was still watching the girls and 
Charlotte had lifted her hand to finger Amy's nipple, and Amy, who 
was staring right at Jay looked like she was getting excited!  Jay 
fucked me hard, and Amy's excitement seemed to increase!  Charlotte 
pulled Amy's head around and kissed her on the mouth and Amy 
looked like she would lose her balance from faintness.  Then 
Charlotte led her out of the room.  Jay just finished up in my rear, 
undid my arms and legs, cuffing my hands together (he was strong 
and there was no overpowering him) and walked me into a bedroom.  
Amy and Charlotte weren't there.  He managed to tie me face down, 
spread-eagled on the bed, and proceeded to finger my asshole again, 
pushing his finger in with lubricant.  He also slapped my ass now and 
then, and he had a hard slap and it really stung.  Finally, he got on top 
of me and impaled me again, holding his cock in my ass for a full 15 
minutes before squirting his cum into me.  I could hardly believe this 
was happening to me.

After a rest, he untied me and stood me up.  He was as naked as I 
was.  I didn't run--I was exhausted and there seemed no point in it 
anymore.  He took me out in the hall and led me to a door to another 
bedroom where I looked in and saw Amy and Charlotte.  Charlotte 
was still dressed and Amy was tied spread-eagled on the bed, face 
down, just like I had been.  Charlotte never looked at us and I'm sure 
Amy didn't know we were there.  Charlotte untied Amy and told her 
to kneel on the bed.  Amy got up, standing on her knees and put her 
hands on top of her head, facing away from us the whole time.  Then 
Amy said, without any prompting from Charlotte at all "Please whip 
me, Charlotte".  Charlotte had a little leather belt, and she let Amy 
have it right on the ass.  Amy jerked, and made a little squeak but 
didn't scream.  Then she said "Please whip me again, Charlotte".  
There was desperation in her voice.  Charlotte did it again.  And Amy 
continued asking the same thing, again and again, and her voice grew 
hoarser and it was easy to see she was getting really excited.  I was 
still standing in the doorway and Jay was standing behind me, but he 
had reached around me and held my cock and was stroking it as I 
watched Charlotte and Amy.  I was growing hard before I even 
realized this was happening.  Finally, after fifteen or twenty whips, 
Charlotte said "That's Enough!"  Amy knelt there quietly in the same 
position for a little while, then finally said "Please let me lick you, 
Charlotte".

"OK, lie on your back, you little slut" said Charlotte, and once again, 
Amy managed to change positions in such a way that she never got a 
chance to look my way.  Once she was on her back, staring at the 
ceiling, Charlotte knelt over her so Amy's face was inside the skirt 
of her dress.  Amy immediately put her hands on Charlotte's ass and 
obviously pushed her face tightly into Charlotte's pussy.  I'd never 
seen Amy so driven.  Charlotte was quiet for just a little while, then 
was making "mm" sounds, and soon was breathing hard and moaning.  
And I realized that Jay was pushing his cock into my ass again as I 
stood there!  I was rock hard and about to come and Jay was still 
stroking me!  Charlotte and Jay and I all came at the same time, then 
I collapsed against the door frame, holding myself up.  Finally, Jay 
led me away, took my clothes and me and pushed me out the back 
door.  There I stood, and in a second, Amy was there with me too, 
both of us locked out, getting dressed as fast as we could.  We drove 
home without a word, went to bed, snuggled, but were fucking our 
brains out within five minutes.

The next morning, Amy said she thought maybe we could find a 
couple who were more compatible with us than Charlotte and Jay.  I 
was amazed she wasn't turned off by the whole idea of swinging!  
But I was thankful to hear that she wasn't--I was satisfied that it 
would be highly unlikely that the next couple that we tried it with 
had ideas like Charlotte and Jay!  I was curious about how Amy and 
Charlotte would treat each other at work.  I asked Amy after the 
work-week had started, and she told me that Charlotte had told her 
in no uncertain terms that Amy and I should wait for them in our 
own house the following Friday!  According to Charlotte, we were to 
unlock the front door, strip, and be standing at attention with our 
hands on top of our heads, facing away from the front door at 10PM 
exactly!  And Charlotte said they were bringing friends!  Both of us 
could hardly believe they thought we'd still be interested.  Amy and I 
have deliberately planned to go to a movie on Friday that would have 
us out of the house at 10PM.  But somehow, I know we're going to 
find an excuse to walk out of the movie, get home before 10, . . .
