(c) Copyright 1997 Eros.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  Reposted by mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.



                          SWEET LITTLE SUZY
                              (by EROS!)

       Mike Selbin was fixing himself a rum and coke when the doorbell
    rang. Shit, he thought, he'd just got rid of the rest of the family
    for a few hours and he was looking forward to a nice relaxing
    afternoon alone, just him... the game on TV... and a 26oz bottle of
    rum. Carrying his glass down the hall, Mike took a long, satisfying
    gulp before cursing under his breath and opening the door.

       "Hi, Mr. Selbin!", Suzy smiled as she saw Mike peek inquisitively
    around the door. "Is Timmy home?"

       It was Suzy Wilson, from down the street... one of his son's
    "regulars".  Sixteen-year-old Timmy had so many young girls chasing
    him right now, that Mike could hardly keep track of them all. But he
    remembered Suzy alright, she was only thirteen, but she was one hell
    of a sexy-looking little kid. The other night he had overheard his
    son talking about her to one of his friends on the phone. And, if the
    idle chatter of two sixteen-year-old boys talking about girls could
    be believed, this gorgeous, innocent-looking little girl was
    really... (and Mike remembered his son's exact words vividly)... "a
    hot cock-hungry little nympho" who was "dynamite in the sack" and
    "constantly horny". Looking at Suzy's sweet, dimpled young face and
    long slender legs, Mike's cock twitched with sudden involuntary
    arousal as he wondered if it was true.

       "Ahh, No honey! Not right now!" replied Mike, looking the pretty,
    young brunette up and down with more than a passing interest.

       She was wearing a translucent cotton blouse, that ended several
    inches above an extremely tight, black miniskirt, and the whole
    outfit displayed her hot little figure to full advantage. Mike found
    it hard to believe that the girl was only thirteen years old!  His
    mouth actually began to water as his eyes roamed freely over her
    firm, round tits and nicely curved little buttocks.

       Thinking fast, Mike opened the door wider. "Timmy won't be long,
    honey," he lied, knowing full well that his son would be away with
    his mother and sister for the rest of the afternoon. "You want to
    come on in and wait for him?"

       Suzy didn't even hesitate.

       "Okay, Mr. Selbin!", she said, stepping inside.

       Mike looked quickly up and down the street before closing and
    locking the door behind her. "Where's he gone?", asked Suzy
    innocently, as she ambled into the living-room.  Mike felt his cock
    stir stiffly in his pants as he followed her, watching the girl's
    firm, round little butt, bobbing seductively under the tight mini.

       "Um... He.. Ah.... He had to go nextdoor to the Howell's with a
    message.", Mike lied, "He won't be long, Suzy, I promise! Can I get
    you a drink?"

       "Yeah, thanks! Got any coke, Mr. Selbin?", asked the girl,
    flopping casually down on the sofa.

       Mike licked his lips again, as Suzy's impossibly short skirt rode
    up over her firm, creamy young thighs. When she noticed him staring
    at her legs, Suzy smiled and slowly opened her thighs, giving Mike a
    good, long look at her panty-encased mound. She liked it when boys
    looked at her cunt, it gave her a feeling of power, but this was
    different, Mr. Selbin was a grown man, and it made her hot, little
    pussy crawl to think she could turn him on just like she did the
    younger boys.

       By now, Mike was staring at the girl's shamelessly exposed crotch
    like a child eyeing off a tasty lollypop. He could even see the
    pouting groove of her moist little pussy-slit, clearly visible
    through the tight material of her panties. 'Christ! What a cute
    little snatch!", he thought, licking his lips involuntarily.

       "Nice view, huh Mr. Selbin?", giggled Suzy boldly.

       She let her slim young thighs fall open even further. Mike
    reddened when he realized that the young kid had caught him staring
    at her crotch.

       "I... Um... W... what did you say you wanted to drink, Suzy?",
    stammered Mike.

       "Coke, Mr. Selbin, remember?", she answered, a sly smile playing
    devilishly over her pretty young features.

       "Uh.. Yeah! Sure, honey! One ice-cold coke coming up!" Mike could
    hardly control himself, as he poured her drink. No wonder his son was
    fucking her, she was absolutely gorgeous! And from what he had
    overheard Timmy telling his friend on the phone, it wasn't hard to
    persuade the sexy young thing to put out, either. Mike made up his
    mind, nobody would be home for hours, so he had the place to himself.
    Just him and gorgeous little Suzy, and if her sexy smile was any
    indication, he'd have his cock in her tight little cunt before you
    could say, 'Nymphomaniac!' Her age didn't matter to him, quite the
    opposite, it turned him on!  The gorgeous young kid simply oozed sex,
    and he didn't care if she was one of his son's girlfriends or that
    she was only thirteen... he simply HAD to have her!

       Mike looked at the half finished bottle of rum and had an idea
    that was sure to get things happening, real quick. Making sure she
    didn't see him, he quickly topped up her glass with a generous
    measure of the potent liquid and went back to join her on the couch,
    purposely sitting as close as he could.

       "Here you go, honey! Get that into you.", said, Mike handing her
    the glass.

       Suzy's shapely, budding, breasts moved seductively beneath her
    top, as she took the glass from his hand. He could see her hard,
    little nipples sliding around under the thin fabric of her blouse,
    almost drilling holes in the translucent material. 'Christ, tits like
    that, and she isn't even wearing a bra!', thought Mike, watching the
    firm, pointed cones rub against the front of her blouse. Suzy took a
    big, long swig, smacking her tiny, pink lips in appreciation.

       "Mmmmmm! You put rum in this, didn't you Mr Selbin?" Mike looked
    at her blankly, trying to figure out a plausible explanation. Before
    he could answer, Suzy surprised him by saying, "I like rum, Mr.
    Selbin. Can you put some more in it, please? Daddy won't let me have
    any at home. You don't mind. do you?"

       With a feeling of relief, Mike took her glass and stood up.

       "No, honey! I don't mind. I like few stiff drinks occasionally, it
    makes me relax.", he laughed nervously, "How about you?"

       Suzy turned and looked at him over her shoulder.

       "It always makes my Daddy horny!", she said, matter-of-factly.

       Mike almost dropped the bottle of rum he was holding, and stared
    at her incredulously.

       "W..What?", he stammered, filling both their glasses to the brim
    with rum. "I said, it always gets my Daddy horny, Mr. Selbin.",
    winked Suzy, "You know,.... turns him on... gets him in the mood!"

       Returning to the couch, Mike sat down next to her and handed Suzy
    her drink.  Immediately, the young girl surprised him again by
    finishing off half of it, in just two large gulps!

       "Yes, honey, I know what it means, but how do you know it makes
    your father horny?" asked Mike, intrigued by her utter frankness.

       "Well...", said Suzy, taking another long swig, "...every time my
    Daddy has a few rums, he takes my Mom into their bedroom and fucks
    the shit out of her."

       Mike, who was just about to swallow a mouthful of rum and coke,
    almost choked on it!

       "You don't pull any punches, do you Suzy?", laughed Mike, putting
    his arm around her shoulders, "I like a girl like that!"

       She turned toward him, and Mike caught a flash of pink, pointed
    boobs, as the top of her blouse parted briefly.  Suzy's eyes flashed
    impishly.

       "I hope so, Mr. Selbin! I like you a lot too!"

       Her warm young thigh pressed tantalisingly against his leg, and
    the growing bulge in his shorts was getting a little uncomfortable.
    Mike looked down at her. She was only a little girl, yet she had him
    completely off guard. He didn't know how to react!  With a grown
    woman, it was easy! You knew the score. But this was a whole new ball
    game for him, and for the first time in his life, he was completely
    lost!

       "Do you play any sports, Suzy?", he asked lamely, eyeing off the
    exposed flesh of her thighs.

       "Yeah! I play netball at school, Mr. Selbin.", she replied.
    looking up at him with deep, brown, little-girl eyes.

       Suzy wondered why he didn't do something. Timmy would have had
    her legs in the air by now, fucking her little brains out! But
    Timmy's father was different, he was taking his time, letting the
    excitement last, treating her like a real woman, and Suzy realized
    she liked the attention. Especially from Timmy's hunky father. He was
    so tall and muscular and handsome... and the way he looked at her
    made her moist little pussy itch with a familiar desire.

       "You do have nice, long legs, honey!", breathed Mike, as he
    reached out and put his hand on her knee, "No wonder you play
    netball."

       The man's long, slim fingers felt cool on her exposed flesh, and
    Suzy snuggled closer, delighted at the intimate contact.

       Mike felt himself melt as little Suzy squirmed closer to him on
    the couch, rubbing her right boob firmly against his shoulder. His
    breathing was heavy, and he was acutely aware of the heat generated
    by her closeness. Mike moved his fingers higher, rubbing them gently
    but firmly up along the youngster's damp, inner thigh, up under her
    dress, until his fingertips brushed against the elastic of her tiny
    silk panties. Her little legs seemed to fall apart automatically at
    his touch, inviting him to explore her further.

       "Mmmmmm! Ohhhhhhhh, Mr. Selbin!", she moaned, spreading her
    trembling legs even further apart. By the time Mike's fingers reached
    her prominent little mound, Suzy's ass was squirming around on the
    couch, in ever-decreasing circles.

       "You like that, don't you, Suzy?  You like me touching your
    little pussy?", panted Mike.

       "Yes! Oh, God yes, Mr. Selbin! I love it!", whimpered the young
    girl, hunching her hips up against his probing fingers. She lifted
    her mouth to his, and Mike kissed her full on the lips, excited by
    their soft and pliant fullness. He slipped his tongue into her tiny
    mouth, and Suzy's was right there to meet it. The cute little
    thirteen-year-old was getting hornier by the minute as she eagerly
    returned the pressure of his Mike's, moaning loudly. "Mmmmmmmm!
    Ummmmmmmmmm! Ohhhhmmmmmmm!"

       Mike's hand was wedged firmly between her wide-spread thighs,
    rubbing and stroking the soft, puckered lips of her adolescent little
    pussy, through the thin silk of her panties. There was moisture
    there, and plenty of it. Her age didn't stop her from responding to
    his busy fingers. She reacted instinctively, just like any other
    female in heat. He wondered if any of the boys she had played around
    with, had made her cunt feel this good.

       "Christ, Suzy, honey! Your little pussy is so fuckin' hot!",
    groaned Mike, cupping her tiny, quivering mound completely in the
    palm of his hand. It seemed so small, that Mike began to doubt if his
    fully erect cock would ever fit inside. Suzy on the other hand had
    no doubts at all!

       "Ohhhh, Jesus, Mr. Selbin! I'm so wet! Take my panties off. I want
    you to touch me. I want to feel your fingers in my cunt!"

       Mike moaned as he dropped to his knees between her legs, almost
    ripping the flimsy garment to shreads in his haste. Suzy tried to
    help him as much as possible by lifting her round, little butt up off
    the couch as Mike tugged at the waistband. Finally Mike managed to
    peel Suzy's stubborn panties over her hips and then down thighs and
    off over her knees. Impatiently, she kicked off the tiny bundle of
    cloth from around her ankles and spread her thighs wide apart. Mike
    gasped as Suzy's pre-pubescent little cunt flowered open before his
    eyes. It was beautiful, as only a pubescent young girl's pussy can
    be. A light, peach fuzz covered her tiny pubic mound, failing
    completely to hide the puffy, pink lips of her compact little twat.
    With no hair to hide it, her narrow pussy-slit stood out like a long,
    livid gash, glistening with moisture.

       Suzy smiled and reached down between her thighs, parting the
    tight, elastic lips of her cunt with both hands. As dave watched in
    awe, the dainty pink, innermost folds of her pussy were revealed to
    his lustful gaze. Her prominent little clitoris peeked out cheekily,
    just begging to be sucked.

       "Do you like my pussy, Mr. Selbin?", she whispered, staring down
    at him.

       "It's fantastic, baby! I've never seen such a beautiful, sight in
    all my life!", he muttered, with a glazed look in his eyes.

       Mike reached out to touch her, dipping his fingers eagerly into
    the hot, juicy, wetness of the little girl's gaping cunt.  Suzy
    moaned deep in her throat as his fingers stroked her highly aroused
    cuntflesh, but she wanted more!

       "Oohhhhhh, that feels nice, Mr Selbin! So fuckin' nice! Ummmmmmm!
    Put your finger in me! Please put a finger in my cunt, Mr Selbin!
    Ooooh! I can't stand it!"

       Emboldened by her lust, Mike inserted a finger between the girl's
    moist pussy-lips and pushed tentatively. Suzy's young cunt seemed to
    suck his finger into it, clasping his stiff digit in a warm, wet,
    vice-like grip. She hunched and groaned with pleasure as it entered
    her, holding on to Mike's wrist with both hands, guiding his finger
    into her juicy cunt with practiced ease.

       "Jesus, baby! You're as tight as a vice! I'm never gonna get my
    cock up inside you in a million years!"

       Suzy was still moaning loudly from the delightful sensations
    caused by his finger as she replied.

       "Unnnghh! Oh, God! Mmmmmm, yes! D...don't... Uunnh!  Don't worry!
    It.. Ummm! It opens up a lot m... more as you play with it! Ummmmm,
    put another finger in there, Mr.Selbin!", she begged.

       Suzy humped her little crotch up against his hand, gasping for
    breath, wanting even more penetration. Mike was turned on by her
    brazen adolescent lust.

       "Hot little bitch, aren't you!", he muttered with satisfaction,
    "You want more?  I'll give you more"

       Mike roughly inserted a second finger into Suzy's tight little
    twat, and found to his surprise that she was right! The longer he
    fucked his fingers in and out of her elastic slit, and the more
    fingers he used, the more relaxed it got. Finally, he was plunging
    all of three stiff fingers deep into her tiny, thirteen year-old
    cunt, with hardly any effort at all! Suzy's almost hairless pubes,
    looked like a baby's mouth sucking at his fingers as her pussy-lips
    puckered and pouted and slobbered around his plunging digits. By now,
    Suzy's lithe young body was jerking and quivering with mindless,
    little-girl lust.

       "Ohhh, fuck me, Mr. Selbin! Fuck me with your fingers! Make me
    come! Oh, God, please make me come!"

       "Okay, honey! I'll bring you off, But then you gotta do something
    for me, ok?"

       "Unnhhh! Anything! Ohhhhh! I'll do anything you want! Just don't
    stop! Uhmmmmm!"

       Suzy's hips were bucking wildly up off the couch as Mike's
    fingers stabbed into her. His thumb felt for her clit, rubbing the
    hooded little bud with varying pressure. Little Suzy went wild!

       "Ooooooohh! Jeeeesussss! Yessss! Rub my clit! Rub it hard!
    Unnnghhh! I.. I'm cumming!  Oh, God!  Oooh Fuck!! I'm
    cummmmiiiinnnnngg!"

       Suzy came alright. She came hard, very hard, her little cunt
    spasming and twitching around Mike's stabbing fingers until he
    thought she was never going to stop. He reached up under the girl's
    loose white, blouse and began to fondle her tiny, firm young tits
    with his free hand.

       "Mmmmmmmmm! That was a good one!", she murmured, throwing her
    little arms around his neck, "You sure made me come, Mr. Selbin!"
    Suzy pulled his open mouth against hers and kissed him hungrily,
    ramming her soft, agile young tongue repeatedly down his throat.

       Mike returned her passionate kiss for as long as he could, finally
    pulling his feverish lips from her hot, clinging little mouth. She
    kissed like a sex-starved vacuum cleaner, and he was breathless! When
    he opened his eyes, Suzy was staring shamelessly, at the huge bulge
    in his shorts.

       "Oooooh! You're very hard!", she gasped, reaching for him. Her
    small fingers undid the buttons of his shorts and pulled them off,
    taking his underpants with them. Suzy gasped for breath as Mike's
    mighty prick sprang into view. "God! It's huge!", she squealed,
    staring excitedly at the thick, blue- veined pole sticking up from
    between his thighs. Mike peeled off his shirt and sat back naked
    beside her.

       "Can I suck it, Mr. Selbin?... Please, can I suck it?...
    Please....?", she begged.

       "You bet, honey! Go for it, it's all yours!", he chuckled, excited
    by her childish enthusiasm.

       Mike was more than happy for her to suck his cock. There was
    plenty of time to do whatever he wanted with this sexy young Lolita,
    and he wanted to do plenty. But right now, her hot little mouth on
    his prick would do just fine! His fingers were still inside her cunt,
    and as Mike looked down at her juicy, little slit sucking gently on
    his fingertips, he had a better idea! As her mouth went for his cock,
    he held her back, looking into the depthless, pools of her dark,
    sparkling eyes.

       "Honey, do you know what a sixty-nine is?", he asked, unbuttoning
    Suzy's blouse. They both looked down as her hard, little titties
    sprang into view.

       "Er.. No, Mr. Selbin! What is it? Is it better than fucking?", she
    asked innocently, reaching for his cock. Her tiny fingers didn't
    quite meet around his throbbing shaft, it was too thick and long.

       "Sometimes, baby! I depends on how good you are at it. Wanna
    try?", he asked, removing her top completely.

       "Okay! Mr Selbin, I'm game. What do I do?"

       Mike smiled and ran his fingers over Suzy's small, conical
    breasts, rubbing the hard nipples until the horny young girl began to
    shiver and moan softly.

       "First of all, let's forget about the 'Mr. Selbin' crap. Okay? I
    think we know each other well enough by now, to use first names,
    don't you? Just call me Mike, honey."

       Suzy nodded... eager to please him.

       "Okay, Mike! I'm Suzy. How do you do?", she giggled, shaking his
    prick up and down with her hand.

       Mike laughed and stood up, pulling her with him. Although Suzy
    was tall for her age, the top of her head still only managed to reach
    his chin. She stood on tiptoes, pressing her naked body against his,
    enjoying the feel of his big, stiff cock throbbing powerfully between
    them. Her nipples were drilling urgently into his hard, muscular
    chest as Mike ran his palms down over the curve of her back, cupping
    her firm round, little ass-cheeks in both hands. They were small and
    incredibly firm, and just filled his big, massaging hands.

       "Now, the second thing we gotta do, baby", said Mike, rubbing his
    rock-hard cock against her belly, "is move to the bedroom. So we can
    suck and screw in total comfort."

       "Ohh, yeah! Wow! You make me so fuckin' horny, Mike! I want to do
    everything with you!", she said, grinding herself deliciously against
    his stiff hardness.

       "Honey," Mike whispered into her ear, "I'm gonna fuck and suck
    your tight, juicy little cunt until you faint! You'll be so full of
    cum, you won't be able to piss for a week!"

       Suzy's knees almost buckled. Nobody had ever said anything like
    that to her in all her young life. It absolutely made her little
    pussy crawl! He was holding her so gently right now, but somehow
    Suzy knew that this big, strong man, wasn't kidding either!  She
    couldn't wait! Standing on tiptoes, she kissed him hotly on the lips.

       "Take me to bed, Mike!", she breathed, "Carry me in your arms and
    pretend I'm your little baby girl!"

       With a low moan, Mike picked up the precocious young
    thirteen-year-old, and cradled her loving in his arms. She was as
    soft and light as a feather, and snuggled warmly against his chest as
    he carried her off down the hallway. Once inside the bedroom, Mike
    deposited Suzy on the big double bed and lay down beside her.

       "Okay, baby! Time for sex lesson number sixty-nine!", said Mike,
    pulling her slim, young body above him, "You're gonna love this, kid.
    I promise!"

       He showed her how to straddle his face with her crotch, spreading
    her legs apart to that her little pink pussy-lips gaped open, only
    inches above his face.

       "Now honey, I'm gonna lick your pussy, while you suck my cock at
    the same time. Got it?"

       "Cool! Oooooh! This is gonna be great! I've never tried it
    before!"

       "Well, sweetheart! Drop your tasty, little cunt on top of my face,
    grab a mouth full of cock and hang on! 'Cause you're about to get the
    suck of your life!"

       Suzy reached out and grabbed his huge, jutting prick, positioning
    the bloated tip between her small pink lips. She loved the taste of
    cock, and Mike's was the best she'd ever tasted. It was tangy and
    masculine, completely different to the fresh, salty taste of the
    young boy-cock she was used to. It made her pussy cream, and she
    opened her mouth wider, wrapping her tiny lips tightly around the
    head of Mike's massive penis. She began to move her warm, wet tongue
    up and down the throbbing shaft as it slid slowly between her lips,
    sucking all of him into her mouth, until her throat was filled with
    thick, throbbing cock-meat.

       As Mike felt the warmth of Suzy's mouth envelop his stiff cock,
    he grabbed the cheeks of her firm little ass with both hands and
    pulled her hovering cunt down onto his waiting mouth. A muffled moan
    escaped her lips as Mike's eager tongue contacted her gaping slit. He
    dragged it slowly across her swollen cunt-lips, up one side of her
    cunt, and down the other, savouring the heady flavour of her young
    juices.  He sucked her greedily, flicking his tongue back and forth
    between the hot, wet lips of her little pussy like a man possessed.
    The room became filled with loud, wet slurping sounds as Suzy sucked
    noisily on his glistening cock. Mike returned the favour by licking
    Suzy's hot, seething cunt-juices into his hungry mouth.

       Even though she was only thirteen, Suzy was an expert at sucking
    cock. From an early age, she'd learned about sex quickly, and knew
    exactly what boys wanted from her. Her blossoming figure and
    precocious manner had attracted them like flies, not only boys but
    older men too, and if she liked them even a little, it always ended
    up the same way, with her hot, wet lips wrapped tightly around their
    hard pricks. Mike was no exception, but Suzy felt differently
    towards him, maybe because he didn't treat her like the young boys
    did. He wanted to please her, not just use her, and Suzy loved him
    for it. So, as she sucked on Mike's man-sized prick, Suzy tried her
    very best to please him, just as he was delighting her with his mouth
    and tongue.

       Mike ran his tongue repeatedly back and forth between Suzy's
    parted cunt-lips, getting the youngster so excited she dropped her
    cunt onto his mouth, wiggled her juicy, little slit all over his
    face. His hands cupped her tiny buttocks, pulling her cunt hard
    against his open mouth as he thrust his rapidly-working tongue deep
    inside her weeping slit. He heard her gasp and felt her mouth
    increase it's wonderful suction on his jerking cock. Suzy's little
    cunt contracted, opening and closing around his tongue as he used it
    expertly, ramming it like a small, stiff prick, deep within her
    tight, squirming fuck-hole.

       Mike moved his hands lower, pulling her little cunt apart like a
    ripe peach, licking and sucking her juicy, pink cunt-flesh until she
    thought she would actually explode with pleasure. Finally, his tongue
    found her hard, quivering clit. The tiny bud was stiff as a little
    cock, and throbbed and pulsed between his lips as he sucked it gently
    in and out of his mouth, just like Suzy's active young lips were
    doing to his cock. Mike could feel every ridge and valley of her
    mouth as his cock slid ever deeper between the little girl's lips.

       Suzy's cunt flowered open even wider as Mike sucked hungrily on
    her tightly stretched, little twat. Her tasty young juices ran
    freely, flowing out of her cunt to cover not only his tongue, but his
    mouth and chin as well. Mike felt her thigh muscles contract against
    his cheeks just like his wife's always did when she was about to
    come. She was close! He could feel it, her soft thighs clenched
    around his head. Her muscles stood out all along her body, and she
    pulled savagely on his cock, threatening to suck his aching balls
    right out through the head of his prick.

       Then suddenly, Suzy stiffened and cried out as an abrupt and
    soul-searing climax flooded her tiny, naked body with sensations of
    pleasure so strong, that the thirteen-year-old nearly fainted with
    the intensity of her orgasm.

       "Ohhh! Unnnngghhhmmm, yesss! Oh, Mike! I'm cummminggg! Arghhhh!
    Suck me hard! Suck my clit, Mike! Oh! Oh! Oh! Ooooooooh, Goddddd!"

       Mike moaned and buried his nose and lips in Suzy's wet, quivering
    young snatch, sucking hungrily on her hard little clit and stabbing
    his stiff tongue deep into her spasming cunt-hole. Suzy was bucking
    like a young horse as she strained her crotch against his mouth,
    grinding her pussy down onto his juice-smeared face until the waves
    of lust racing through her loins gradually subsided.

       Only then did she return her lips to Mike's temporarily neglected
    cock, swallowing his huge throbbing organ to the very base. Her
    tightly stretched lips worked vigourously up and down the slick pole,
    covering every inch of it's hard length with her warm, slippery
    saliva. Mike had made the hot little blonde come like she'd never
    come before, and Suzy was determined to return the favour by making
    him come in her lovely mouth.

       Her lips were unbelievably tight around his prick, and Mike
    couldn't fight the urge to jerk his hips up off the bed, fucking his
    massive cock deep into her juicy warm mouth. Suzy was an expert
    little cock-sucker, and she knew exactly how to use her mouth on the
    male organ for maximum pleasure. On the up-stroke, she sucked for a
    while on his fat, purple knob, sticking the tip of her tongue into
    the tiny slit in the head of his cock. Before too long, Mike felt his
    balls begin to expand urgently.

       "Ohhh, Suzy, baby! Christ! Here it comes! Suck it hard! I'm gonna
    fill your gorgeous little mouth full of cum! Unnnghhhhh! Arrrggghhh!"

       Suzy sucked greedily as Mike's hot, jism began to spurt from the
    jerking tip of his cock. The thick, salty fluid filled her mouth and
    Suzy had to swallow frantically to prevent herself choking on the
    sticky torrent.

       "Ohhhhhh! God! Fuckin' Christ! Ahhhhhgggh, suck it, you gorgeous
    little fuck! Take it, baby! Eat it all!"

       Hot, creamy cum was oozing from the corners of her mouth by the
    time Mike's ejaculation began to subside. Suzy lifted her lips from
    his cock for a second and licked her lips. 'She had swallowed it
    all!', she thought proudly, 'She had swallowed a real man's cum, and
    it felt wonderful!'

       Suzy licked the shaft dry, and then continued sucking gently on
    his cock, keeping it hard. She didn't want him to go soft on her yet,
    her pussy was itching like mad. His mouth had satisfied her
    temporarily, but Suzy wanted more. His cock had felt so good in her
    mouth, so big and long and hard, and she couldn't wait to feel it
    slicing into her juicy slit. She turned around and lay on top of him,
    rubbing her little tits and cunt over his sweaty body.

       "Jesus! You're a real hot number, aren't you, baby?", said Mike,
    letting his hands slide down over her back. He filled his hands with
    her tiny ass-cheeks, rubbing and kneading the firm round globes as
    she squirmed deliciously against him.

       "I'm hot alright!" replied Suzy, rubbing her juicy young cunt
    against his belly, "I'm hot for your big cock, Mike! Will you fuck me
    now? It's hard again. I can feel it throbbing against my pussy!
    Please put it in and fuck me, Mike!"

       She mashed her lips to his and kissed him passionately, sucking
    his tongue into her mouth. `Fuck! What a horny little cunt!', he
    thought, eagerly returning her hot, open-mouthed kiss. The
    youngster's slim hips moved in tiny humping circles, rubbing her wet,
    gaping cunt-lips up and down his cock, leaving a thin, shiny film.

      "Okay, Suzy! I'll fuck you! Lie down on your back and spread your
    legs for me, honey."

       Suzy rolled off his chest and lay panting expectantly beside him.
    Her long, slim legs were drawn up and bent at the knees, almost flat
    against the bed on either side of her hips. Her hairless cunt was
    presented to him like a plate full of fine food. Few grown women
    could have held the position comfortably, but Suzy's supple
    little-girl limbs made it easy and natural for her. Mike groaned like
    a starving animal at the unbelievably sexy sight. Her pussy-lips
    gaped sweetly open, revealing the moist, pink interior of her juicy
    young cunt. The dark hole just below her prominent little clit held
    his gaze. He was hypnotized by the absolute beauty of her aroused
    little adolescent cunt. Suzy looked up at him with pleading eyes.

       "Ohhhh, Jesus! Quick, fuck me, Mike! Fuck me.... Please!!". Suzy
    was desperate now, and her tiny hips humped seductively up at him, as
    she begged him to fuck her.

       "Yesss! God, yesss! I'll take care of you, baby!", hissed Mike
    scrambling rapidly between the girl's wide-spread thighs.

       His cock was raging, fully hard, sticking out from his hairy groin
    like a baseball bat. Suzy gasped at it in awe, a frightening thrill
    of lustful fascination swept through her highly aroused young body.
    The bulbous purple head protruding from its heavy foreskin and the
    veins pulsing along the massive shaft, fascinated her. It was the
    most beautiful sight she had ever seen.

       As Mike moved between her legs he could smell her aroused little
    cunt, and it struck him that Suzy was one of those girls who melted
    into a puddle of hot cunt-juice as soon as a man touched her. He
    couldn't resist the horny little slut! She was sex personified, and
    he was going to enjoy her nubile young charms to the fullest. `This
    is one fuck you won't forget in a hurry, kid!', thought Mike,
    lowering his huge muscular frame over her tiny quivering body.
    Suzy's sparkling blue eyes were fixed on Mike's huge cock as it
    advanced up between her slender, open thighs. She instinctively
    pulled back her knees, offering her hot, little slit to the biggest
    prick she'd ever seen.

       Suzy whimpered softly as his hard, fat cockhead pressed urgently
    between the moist lips of her pussy. Mike resisted the strong impulse
    to plunge the full-length of his mammoth shaft deep into her tight,
    juicy gash. It would probably split her tiny little cunt in two, and
    he certainly didn't want to hurt the girl. Her wanted her to enjoy
    their first fuck totally. Enjoy it so much in fact, that she'd be
    back regularly for more of the same. Suzy closed her eyes, and bit
    her bottom lip in wild anticipation of the wonderful penetration she
    knew was about to happen.  Holding her breath, the horny little
    youngster held onto his ass-cheeks with both hands as Mike panted
    above her, probing her hot little cunt with just the tip of his huge
    cock.

       "Ooooooh Jesus, Mike! For Christ's sake put it in and fuck me!
    Ohhhhh!", screamed Suzy, squirming her hot little crotch frantically
    up onto his teasing cock.

       "You really want it bad, don't you kid?", grinned Mike, running
    the tip of his cock slowly up and down inside the tight, wet lips of
    Suzy's drooling little snatch. It turned him on incredibly to see
    the excited young girl beg so shamelessly for his cock.

       "Yes! Yes! God, yes! I want it so fuckin' bad, Mike! Come on!
    Shove it in! Fuck me, pleeeeease!"

       Suzy was almost beside herself with frustration. The hard
    pressure of Mike's cockhead rubbing slowly against her inflamed clit
    was excruciating, and it wasn't long before the horny little thirteen
    year-old was whimpering and writhing beneath him, urging him on,
    begging him to do obscene, delicious things to her overheated little
    body.

       "Jesus, kid! You really need it bad, don't you?" muttered Mike,
    licking his lips.  "Well so do I, baby! Open your little legs was
    wide as you can for me!"

       Suzy did as she was told, spreading her thighs until her hairless
    little pussy opened like a succulent pink flower before his swollen
    prick. Mike pushed forward a little, stretching Suzy's quivering
    cuntlips until the tip of his cock lodged suddenly into the entrance
    of her tight, juicy little fuckhole. As the thick, round knob
    penetrated her tiny cunt, Suzy let out an excited little yelp,
    frantically humping her slim young hips up at him, trying to get more
    of Mike's long, hard meat inside her hot, eager little snatch. Mike
    was careful that only the large, flared head of his cock should
    penetrate her cuntlips her for the moment, and he resisted the
    impulse to plunge right in. Little Suzy's obvious state of sexual
    arousal excited him immensely, her shameless desire heightening the
    exquisite pleasure he felt as her tiny, elastic cuntlips closed
    tightly around his knob like a hot, velvet vice.

       Mike looked down at her. Her gorgeous young face was a mask of
    pure lust as she squirmed beneath him, intent now on only one
    thing... the huge cock throbbing at the entrance of her horny little
    cunt.

       Suzy looked down between her legs as Mike's huge cock-head
    pressed further into her tiny pussy and gasped, her little brown eyes
    wide with excitement.

       "Oooooooooh, it's so big!", she said in a tiny voice.

       "Sure is honey!", he boasted. "and in a coupla seconds you're
    gonna get all ten inches of it stuffed right up that hot, tight,
    juicy little cunt of yours!"

       "Ohhhhhhh, yes, pleeeeeease!", begged Suzy, shamelessly spreading
    the lips of her pretty pink pussy with both hands.

       Suzy moaned and gripped Mike's huge, bloated shaft with one hand,
    guiding his prick into her tiny, thirteen-year-old twat with an
    eagerness that belied her young age. Mike looked down and watched her
    lubricate his cock-tip by rubbing it expertly up and down through her
    juicy pink cuntslit, amazed at the brazen eagerness and obvious joy
    such a young girl was displaying.

       The big flared head of Mike's man-sized prick looked huge compared
    to the size of Suzy's tiny puckered little fuckhole, but the horny
    young girl seemed not to be concerned at all, in fact, quite the
    contrary. She began rubbing the tip of Mike's cock between the pink,
    hairless lips of her slippery little slit like a bitch in heat. At
    that moment, Mike knew that what he had overheard Timmy saying to his
    friend about Suzy was one hundred percent correct... the horny
    little slut didn't care who fucked her, as long as she got her daily
    quota of hard cock... the gorgeous young kid was totally hooked on
    sex!

      "You like big cocks, don't you, sweetheart?", Mike grinned.

       "Uhhhhhhh, yes, yes! I love them", she moaned, openly
    masturbating her erect little clit with the tip of Mike's prick.

       "Mmmmm, I thought as much," Mike said, pressing his hips forwards.
    "Christ kid, you were born to fuck!"

       Mike's prick slid into her tight, slippery little slot a lot
    easier than he expected. They both looked down and watched as her
    pink, hairless cuntlips stretched and parted, and Mike's long, thick
    man-cock sank slowly but surely into the kid's tight,
    thirteen-year-old twat. Suzy moaned loudly at the sudden
    penetration, and Mike stopped momentarily, afraid that the sheer size
    of his prick stretching her tender little cunt was causing the girl
    pain.

       "Am I hurting you, honey?", he asked, pulling his cock out a bit
    until it was buried only a few inches in the tight, wet heat of the
    young girl's pussyslit.

       "N.. no!", Suzy squealed with delight. "You're not hurting me at
    all! Ooooh, please don't stop! Put it all the way in, Mike! I'm not
    too small, I can take it all! Uhhhhh, shove it into me, Mike, shove
    it in as deep as you can!... Ooooooooh, hurry pleeeease!"

       "Yeah, baby!" he grinned watching her squirm, "I love it when you
    beg for it, honey. Let me hear how much you want it!"

       Suzy hunched her hips up at his cock, a look of pure frustration
    on her pretty little face.

       "Uuuuuuuhhhhh, put it in and fuck me!", she squealed. "Ohhhh,
    please put your big cock back in my cunt and fuck me, pleeeeeeease!"
    Her wanton request was all the incentive Mike needed.

       "Don't worry, babydoll, I'm gonna fuck your brains out!", Mike
    grunted. "You're gonna love this! I'm gonna give it to you all the
    way, hon! I'm gonna stretch your hot little cunt wide and fuck you
    like you've never been fucked before!" (I know... I know! Get on with
    it, right?)

       Throwing caution to the wind, Mike grabbed her by the waist and
    hunched forward, burying his raging prick the rest of the way into
    the girl's incredibly tight young pussy with a single, solid thrust
    of his hips. Suzy gasped loudly and lifted her little ass.. her legs
    spread wide.. her eyes unfocused.. her moist lips parted.

       "UUUUUUuuuuuuunnnnghhhh!", she moaned, as Mike's big prick sliced
    between her hairless pussy-lips and drove deep into her tight little
    belly.

       He pushed hard, stopping only when the head of his cock hit the
    bottom of her hot little fuck-chute and mashed against her cervix.
    Suzy's breathing became increasingly laboured, and to Mike's utter
    delight, she started wiggling her little ass up off the bed in a
    desperate attempt to skewer more of his prick inside her hot,
    squirming young sex. She was absolutely fuckin' insatiable! Mike
    pulled out of the kid's tightly gripping hole almost completely, and
    then threw his hips down hard, ramming his big cock to the balls
    inside her eager, upthrust cuntslit.

       "Yeah, you like that!", he gasped. "You like my big fat prick way
    up there, don't you baby?"

      "Unnngghh! Ohh, yeahhhhhhhhhh!", she moaned, almost incoherently.
    Mike lunged forwards again and again, fucking the cock-hungry little
    thirteen-year-old with swift, furious strokes that shook her tiny
    body.

       Suzy's eyes were glazed with passion as she grunted and writhed
    beneath her adult lover. Her pubescent cunt was filled with ten long
    inches of hard, throbbing man-cock and the horny little kid was
    enjoying every fuckin' moment of it!

       Mike could feel her tight inner membranes adjusting quickly to the
    size of his prick, spreading and stretching as he fucked her solidly.
    In no time at all, Suzy's snug little snatch had dilated far enough
    to give Mike's huge cock enough room to move freely. Even so, his
    prick was still getting a really tight squeeze. Her little insides
    were clamped so tightly around him, Mike felt like a goddamn
    boa-constrictor had hold of his cock and was slowly strangling the
    fucking life out of it.

       "Ohhhhhhhhhhhh Goddddd!", he moaned. "I can't believe it!...
    Jesus, you're tight, baby!.... Oooooh yeah, so very, very tight!"

       Suzy made whimpering little animal noises as Mike stabbed his
    prick repeatedly into her tiny cunt and swirled it about vigorously,
    pressing the bloated tip into every nook and cranny of the kid's
    well-lubricated little crevice. Her shameless grunts and moans of
    pleasure combined with the wet slap of her thighs on his own, excited
    Mike immensely. So much so, that his cock began to swell and throb
    within her, growing ever bigger as he plunged deeper and deeper into
    the girl's tight, heaving belly.

       "Ummmmm! Fuck me, Mike!", she breathed hotly. "Ohhhh, it feels so
    good! Ummmm, I love fucking! Your cock feels so big and deep inside
    me.... I don't know if I can stand it!"

       "You will, honey," he said, twisting her little pink nipples.
    "You'll stand it and want more.... as much of my big, thick cock as
    you can get!"

       "Uuuuhhh, I know!", she moaned. "I already want more!"

       "Okay, baby! Hang on!"

       Mike grabbed Suzy's tight little ass and lifted it up off the
    bed, watching as his big prick sliced deeply into her soft, clinging
    cunt. The way her hairless, pink cuntlips sucked at his cock made him
    moan and shudder with delight, as did the way her ripe little pussy
    throbbed and oozed around the thickness of his invading shaft. Suzy
    bucked upwards, sliding her young pussy-slit onto his cock each time
    Mike lunged deeply into her. Her beautiful young features were
    contorted into a mask of intense pubescent lust as she watched Mike's
    huge prick slide into her pussy. It was an expression which became
    her, making her look strangely mature, and all the more desirable.
    Her wide, brown eyes blazed as she watched his cock fucking her
    little cunt, her bright red cheeks burning with hot desire.

       Suzy's sweet little ass churned and twisted, humping up to meet
    every downward thrust of Mike's prick as the loud, wet sounds, and
    delicious smells of hot fucking filled the room.

       "Unnhhhhhgggghh! Unghh! Uhhh! Uhhh! Fuck me! Oooh, Fuck meeeee!"

       Suzy raised her skinny legs high and wrapped them around Mike's
    waist as she worked her hot little cunt into a frenzy around his
    stabbing prick. She bucked like a young filly getting a taste of cock
    for the first time, fucking hard, meeting his savage thrusts stroke
    for stroke. Mike grabbed her hot little asscheeks tightly with both
    hands and literally rammed her hairless little cunt onto his raging
    cock like a fuck-crazed bull.

       "Ahhhhhhhh, baby, you're the best!", Mike groaned, feeling the
    girl's bubbling insides grip his cock like a vice.

       "Mmmmmmm, yes! Uuuhhh, fuck me hard!", she grunted, suddenly
    snapping her hips upward, engulfing his prick with a quick, darting
    movement that caused her hotly aroused little pussy to nip and grab
    even more at Mike's throbbing, jabbing fuck-pole. Suzy grabbed at
    Mike's hunching body with her thighs, and locked her tiny heels
    together behind the cheeks of his ass, which she was grasping with
    passion-strengthened fingers. Her young fingers dug deep into his
    flesh as she pulled him further into her, still trying desperately to
    cram more cock into her creaming cunt.

       "You've got it all, baby... every fuckin' inch!", grunted Mike,
    feeling his pubic bone mash against her hairless little mound. "Now,
    let's really fuck!"

       He grabbed a pillow and shoved it under Suzy's squirming ass.
    Then, keeping his cock buried inside her cunt, Mike gripped her
    ankles, lifted her skinny legs high and wide, and began fucking the
    little girl with long, deep, powerful strokes that soon had her
    squealing loudly. He looked down at my pussy-encased prick. It was a
    gorgeous sight. Suzy's juvenile genitals were gripping his turgid,
    pumping length like a vice. Her tiny, hairless cuntmound bulged with
    the sheer size of his prick. Each time Mike pulled his cock out of
    her, Suzy's little pink cuntlips stretched and clung wetly to the
    receding shaft, only to be suddenly compressed and forced in again by
    the penetrating thickness of his prick as he slammed it back into her
    receptive little slot. Despite the incredible tightness, Suzy's
    young fuck-slit was very wet and slippery, enabling Mike's oversized
    organ to slide back and forth inside her eager little fuckhole with
    no difficulty whatsoever.

       With each thrust, hot pussy-juice bubbled out from around the base
    of Mike's cock and dribbled down between Suzy's wide-spread thighs,
    coating her smooth young ass with a slick film of shiny moisture.
    Mike had never fucked anything so tight and wet and hot in his whole
    life. 'Jesus, this is what fucking was meant to feel like!', he
    thought as he jammed the youngster's willing cunt full of hot cock.
    Even with her legs in the air and her ass nailed to the bed by Mike's
    pummeling cock, little Suzy was still squirming and jerking her
    skinny young hips around like her life depended on it.

       "Oh, yeahhhhh, you gorgeous little bitch!", he growled. "Shake
    those hips, honey! Come on, that's it! Yeahhhh, fuck that hot little
    cunt up at me!"

       At that stage, Suzy really didn't need to be told, but it excited
    Mike to treat her like the little whore she was. In his mind, she was
    his private little sex-slave, existing only for his total sexual
    pleasure. And at that moment... she was!

       Mike began to fuck the kid hard, filling her slippery young snatch
    with every inch of cock he had to offer. She writhed and whimpered
    beneath him, squirming like a snake, her little eyes wide open...
    round and bright with lust as she watched his huge prick pump
    rhythmically in and out of her tender tingling little twat. The sight
    obviously excited Suzy because she couldn't take her eyes off their
    tightly coupled genitals.

       "Ooooooh, harder, Mike!", she pleaded. "Do it harder! It feels so
    goooooood!"

       "It sure does, baby! It sure fuckin' doesssss!", hissed Mike,
    fucking into Suzy's slippery little pussy like a sex-crazed animal.

        He jammed his huge, throbbing prick hard into her quivering
    mound, giving the girl exactly what she wanted... more pressure on
    her vibrating little clit. It seemed to send spasms of pleasure up
    Suzy's spine each time Mike thrust into her... and with every deeply
    delicious thrust she twisted up to meet him, trying to drive his cock
    ever deeper into her tightly-stretched, thirteen-year-old twat.

       She was a natural. Her pussy snapped at Mike's cock like a
    toothless mouth, giving the shaft a good squeeze with her little cunt
    muscles each time she lifted her pelvis. A steady moaning sound
    issued from her softly parted lips and filled the room as Mike fucked
    the little girl hard, pounding her hot little ass into the bed with a
    series of deep, powerful cock-thrusts. In addition to the slap of his
    belly against hers, Mike's fat prick made loud squelching noises in
    her cunt as he slammed in and out of her frothy little fuck-hole with
    all the strength and vigour of a rutting bull. Suzy began to buck
    her tiny hips up at him in wanton abandon.

       "Ahhhhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhh! Fuck, baby!", Mike panted. "That's what I
    want, honey. Fuck me back! Unnnghh yes, sweetheart, fuck my cock,
    baby, fuck it!"

       In no time at all, Suzy's hot little ass and the couch beneath it
    were saturated with her warm seeping juices. She began to twist her
    hips and shimmy her ass, keeping perfect time with his deep, pounding
    thrusts. By now, the feeling was so good, Mike wanted to scream. He
    felt Suzy's hot little twat grip him like a fist, and when he pulled
    out of her, she followed with her hips, keeping the tip of his cock
    tightly gripped within the tender, sucking mouth of her little-girl
    cunt.

       "Mmmmmmm! Oh, yes, just like that! Ooooooh yes, yessss! You're
    fucking me so gooooood!," moaned Suzy, as Mike stepped up the speed
    of his thrusts. In turn the wanton little kid pumped her hips up at
    him like a machine, fucking him right back.

       Mike was thrilled and aroused beyond anything he had ever
    experienced before in his whole life. He wanted to stab his cock
    brutally into the child's small, soft lipped, leaking little pussy
    and fuck her till he dropped. However at the moment, his cock felt
    like it was going to explode inside her belly at any second. Her tiny
    little cunt was hot as a furnace and super-tight, and the way she
    flung herself up at his cock, made Mike's balls quiver and swell with
    impending release.

       But he didn't care, because the way Suzy was reacting to his
    deep, grinding thrusts, Mike knew she wasn't too far away from
    cumming either. Only a few more long, hard jabs and they'd both be
    there, fucking and cumming like rabbits!

       Mike hunched low over Suzy's squirming young body and pumped
    hard, feeling her hard little nipples skidding deliciously across his
    chest. Sure enough, within a few seconds her whole body stiffened,
    and Mike felt her tight little cunt-muscles contract around his cock
    as she came, shuddering in the throes of what was obviously a very
    powerful orgasm. Her eyes flew open and so did her pretty little
    mouth, inside which he could see her pink, glistening tongue coiled
    like a snake. She tried to scream out her pleasure, but Mike leaned
    down and covered her sensually parted lips with his own, tonguing her
    mouth furiously as her jerking young body took care of the fucking
    for both of them. Mike had never experienced anything remotely
    approaching the ardour and abandon of little Suzy's climax. It was
    wonderful.

       "OWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOH!", she howled. "OWWWWWOOOOOOOOO!" And then, in
    a wild rhythm to match her body's wanton but regular jerks and
    twists. " OHHHHHHHH! OHHHHHHHH! OHHHHHHHHHHHH! OHHHHHHHHHHHH! FUCK!
    FUCK! OH, FUUUUUUUUUUCK!"

       Suzy's dark brown eyes were unfocused and glazed over with
    passion as she stared up at him. In that moment, she looked
    different... older... more beautiful, even though her pretty,
    childlike features were twisted into a mask of pure adolescent lust.
    Her mouth was open and little animal grunts of pleasure escaped her
    oval-shaped lips as Mike kept on fucking her, driving the very air
    from her lungs.

       As Suzy squirmed out her orgasm beneath him, Mike felt his own
    climax approaching rapidly. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't
    hold back any longer. Suzy's hot, creamy little cunt was spasming
    around his cock so tightly, Mike couldn't bear the intense pleasure
    any longer.

       With a lusty growl, Mike closed his eyes, grabbed the panting
    little girl by the shoulders and began to fuck her hard, pounding his
    cock so deep into her small pussy, that the tip was hitting the end
    of her vagina, banging and scraping repeatedly against her cervix.
    She moaned louder, either in pain or pleasure, he couldn't tell. Not
    that it mattered to Mike right at that moment, because come hell or
    high water, he was going to shoot a his wad into Suzy's tight,
    quivering little-girl cunt. Nothing on earth could stop the massive
    tide of jism that would burst forth from his swollen, aching balls at
    any moment.

       Another few thrusts and Mike was there, his body arching
    involuntarily, his hips thrusting forwards in mindless abandon,
    driving his spurting cock to the very depths of Suzy's seething
    little cunthole.

       "AWWWWWWWW! FUCK! AAAAAGGGGHHHHHHHH! BABY, HERE IT COMES! TAKE IT
    ALL, HONEY! UUNNGGGHHHHHHH! JESUS, I'M CUUUUUMMMMMMMING!
    OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!", he screamed, bellowing out his wild orgasm like
    a stud bull.

       Mike shuddered and gasped, feeling his cock jerk inside Suzy's
    tight, clasping little cunt as thick wads of scalding jizz exploded
    from the end of his prick. His eyes were still tightly closed as he
    crushed Suzy's tender young body beneath him, hammering his boiling
    load of come deep up inside the kid's belly, filling her eager little
    cunt with urgent jerky thrusts. Even though she'd already come once,
    Suzy fucked Mike back... thrust for thrust. Her juice-slick little
    pussy felt so deliciously tight around his cock. It was silk-lined,
    slippery and greedy, the tight satiny walls squeezing and tugging at
    his fuckmeat like a hot, hungry mouth. In no time at all the hot,
    horny little thirteen-year-old was coming again, gurgling with
    delight as she creamed all over his pistoning prick for the second
    time in less than two minutes. Mike couldn't believe it!

       He pulled his long cock from her frothy young pussy with a loud
    slurp and sat between the girl's outstretched legs. His wife's hairy
    pussy-lips invariably gaped open after a fuck, leaking jism and
    cunt-juice for a good couple of minutes afterwards, but Mike was
    amazed to see Suzy's elastic little folds snap tightly closed right
    away, sealing their mingled juices inside her. She lay back watching
    him with a devilish grin on her flushed young features.

       "I'm still hot! Do you wanna fuck me again?", murmured Suzy
    shamelessly.

       "Jesus! You're an insatiable little fuck, aren't you!", smiled
    Mike, running his fingers between the girl's gooey cuntlips.

       Suzy arched her back and moaned, spreading her skinny legs wide
    as Mike dipped his middle finger into her tight, sperm-filled little
    cunt. She was hot alright and if only he still had the recovery
    powers of the sixteen-year-old boys Suzy was used to fucking, he
    would have thrown her skinny little legs over his shoulders and
    fucked the piss out of her. But his cock needed a short rest, besides
    Mike had other delight's in mind first. He wanted to savour her
    delicious little cunt again, now that it had been fucked and filled
    with his cream.

       Giving her a steamy look, Mike lowered his head between Suzy's
    spread thighs and sniffed at her hairless snatch. It smelled
    different now that he had fucked her.... aromatic, feminine and ripe!
    He couldn't help himself.. he had to taste his own cum fresh from her
    juicy young cunt.

       Mike grabbed hold of Suzy's hard, upthrust tits, making the
    youngster cry out with pleasure. His mouth was directly over her
    cunt, and Suzy knew exactly what he was planning... the horny little
    slut she wanted it to!

       "Lick my pussy, Mike!... Ooooohhh, fuck my cunt with your tongue!"

       "God, Suzy!", moaned Mike, inhaling the sweet, fresh scent of his
    niece's succulent little cunt. "You're all my fantasies come true,
    baby! Ooohhhh, such a sweet, smooth, soft little cunt!" With a moan,
    Mike spread her cuntlips with his thumbs and buried his face into the
    little girl's pussy, his mouth wide open, sucking at her wet
    cuntflesh like a starving man.

       "Unnnnggghh! Yeahhh! Suck me!... Ooohhh, Mike!  Jesus, that's
    nice!", gasped Suzy, as his tongue darted deeply into her tight, wet
    little slit.

       Her smooth, tanned back was arched, pressing her juice-filled cunt
    firmly onto his open mouth. Mike sucked Suzy's tender young
    cuntflesh into his mouth and licked deep into her juicy hole, causing
    the youngster's hips to twist and writhe in time with his delving
    tongue. He used his tongue like a cock, fucking it in and out of the
    kid's clinging cunt, swirling it around her small clit, only to dip
    down and lap hungrily at her leaking pussy juices once more.

       "Oooh, lick it, lick it all up!.. Mmm, lover, suck my cunt! Suck
    me off.. suck my cunt off and make me come! I wanna come in your
    mouth, Mike!"

       Suzy grabbed the back of his head, pulling his face hard into her
    hairless crotch squeezing her hot young thighs against his cheeks.
    Mike gasped as his tongue wallowed in her wet, deliciously tight
    cunt. Their mingled juices tasted like honey on his tongue, and he
    slurped them up hungrily.

       He clutched at the twisting cheeks of Suzy's hot little ass and
    slithered his tongue as deeply as possible into the youngster's
    quivering cunthole. The way her eager, adolescent pussy grabbed and
    squeezed at his tongue was pure heaven!. At this rate, his cock would
    be stiff in no time, and Mike couldn't wait to ram his cock back into
    her tight, squirming little-girl cunt.

       "Ooooooowww, Mike! I want your cock again!", moaned Suzy,
    pulling at him. "I can't wait! I want you to fuck me now Mike...fuck
    me like you fuck your wife!"

       Mike's cock was fully recovered, just aching for another bash at
    her tight, hot little pussy. Rolling over on his back, Mike hauled
    her supple young body on top of him. Suzy knelt astride his hips,
    positioning her drooling young cuntslit directly over his throbbing
    prick. She leaned forward, reaching down between her open thighs to
    place the head of his cock into her tight little hole, rubbing it
    once or twice through the juicy, pink flesh of her slit. As she did
    so, the youngster's conical tits brushed against his bare chest, her
    hard little nipples burning his flesh like twin firebrands. Mike's
    enormous prick twitched strongly in her tiny hand as Suzy attempted
    to stuff the huge fleshy pole into her over-heated little pussy.

       The large, purple cockhead slipped inside the youngster's cunt
    with an audible 'plop', as Suzy lowered her pussy down onto Mike's
    throbbing erection.

       "Ohhhh, that's fantastic!", whimpered Suzy, "Is my pussy still
    tight on your cock Mike?... Ummm!... I bet it's the hottest, tightest
    little cunt you've ever fucked, right?"

       "Oh, yeah!", Mike groaned as he felt the teenager's tight, hot
    pussylips stretch and slide down over his thick prick.

       His hands grasped and spread the cheeks of her firm little ass,
    pulling her cunt savagely onto his upthrust cock. Once the delicious
    penetration was complete, Suzy began to move her hips up and down
    with increasing tempo. Mike was beside himself. "Fuck me, Suzy!
    Ahhhhh, baby, bounce that sweet little cunt up and down on my
    big hairy cock!"

       "I AM!", Suzy squealed, "Ohhhh, Jesus! Look at it going into me!
    My poor little pussy is so small and your cock is so biiiig!...
    Uhhhhhh! Uhhhh! Fuck me!" Suzy begin to fuck herself up and down on
    Mike's hard, glistening cock in earnest.

        The sight of his huge manly shaft slicing in and out of the
    girl's tiny, hairless pubes, combined with the incredible tightness
    of her pubescent cunt around his cock, soon had Mike close to a
    second orgasm. He gripped Suzy's thrashing hips and fucked his prick
    deeply into her pussy.

       "Take it all, you hot sexy little fuck!", he shouted, "I'm cumming
    in your cunt again, baby!"

        "Yes, yes, Mike!... It's so hot!... I'm... ohhhh, fuck me, I'm
    coming, Mike!"

        Mike felt Suzy's cuntal contractions clasp his cock and arched
    his back, gushing another load of cum deep up inside the kid's
    tightly gripping cunt.... Spurt after spurt of hot, thick sperm
    filled Suzy's bouncing little pussy as the young teenager came too,
    screaming out her ecstasy. The room was filled with loud satisfied
    moans as the two, illicit fuckers collapsed onto the bed in a tangled
    heap of naked, sweaty bodies. After they had time to catch their
    breaths, Mike looked over at his underage lover.

        "I could get used to this, baby", he panted.

        "Mmmmmm, so could I!", replied Suzy, snuggling her tiny naked
    body up against him.

        "What about, Timmy and his friends?", asked Mike.

        "Them? Shit, now that I know what a real man's cock feels like, I
    don't need any schoolboy wieners any more. I've got this!", grinned
    Suzy, squeezing Mike's semi-hard cock. Her little fingers didn't
    meet around it's circumference even when it was only half hard.

        "Were gonna have to be careful, honey," said Mike. "And find a
    way to meet without causing suspicion."

        Suzy's young brow wrinkled as she though about the problem. Then
    her eyes lit up.

        "I know! I'll tell my Mom that you are gonna pick me and Timmy up
    from school every afternoon. That way you can drop Timmy off and say
    you're taking me home. I know a neat place to park where we can fuck
    every afternoon!"

        "You've got all this planned out haven't you, you horny little
    nympho!", grinned Mike, slipping a finger into Suzy's hot,
    well-lubricated young cunt.

        "Sure! I'm not gonna miss out on getting my daily dose of this
    fucker for anything", giggled the girl, jerking her little fist up
    and down on Mike's sticky cock for emphasis.

        "Mmmmmm! Keep that up any you might just get another dose sooner
    than you expected little girl!" grinned Mike.

        "Ooooooooo, promises, promises!", giggled Suzy, her eyes ablaze
    with renewed passion.

        Mike rolled the girl onto her stomach and pulled her tiny ass up
    until Suzy was on all fours, his huge cock throbbing between her
    skinny thighs. Fitting the head between the slippery lips of her
    insatiable young cunt, he pressed forward, burying his entire length
    inside her, feeling the now familiar tight, wet heat engulf his
    rampant prick. They fucked for three solid hours that first day,
    stopping only until Suzy could get his cock hard again, and she was
    VERY good at that!

       By the time his wife and son were due home, Mike was completely
    exhausted. He'd fucked the young girl in every possible position in
    every possible orifice, but despite innumerable orgasms, Suzy was
    still as fresh as a daisy! In the end, Mike had to insist she leave
    before his wife returned and caught them at it.

       After she'd left, Mike looked down at his poor shriveled prick and
    began to have second thoughts about their planned affair. His son had
    been right, sweet, innocent-looking little Suzy was a fucking
    nymphomaniac! He didn't know how he was going to keep up with her.
    Then suddenly a picture of his big, fat prick stretching Suzy's
    sweet little thirteen-year-old fuckhole popped into his tortured
    brain and his loins began to stir. `Yep!' he thought, rubbing his
    cock and taking a big swig of rum and coke, `I think I can live with
    that'.......

                                The End.
 

--

Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....