ad out, with her cunt juice dripping from his chin.  He smiled
and she laughed, looking at his drenched face.
   "Sir, you're a mess!" she giggled.  "You've got my juice all
over your face!"
   Mr. Thomas wiped his face clean with the towel.
   "Raise your hips, Kimmy, so I can get this towel under you," he
told her.
   She complied, and he positioned the towel properly under her.
   "Are you going to put it in, now, sir?" she asked again.
   "Yes, Kimmy, I'm going to fuck you."
   She smiled as he crawled up on top of her.  Mr. Thomas
positioned the head of his cock between her pussy lips.
   "It's gonna hurt a little at first, sweetheart," he warned her.
   "Okay, sir," she acknowledged.
   "But I'll be as gentle as I can, Kimmy," he assured her.
   She nodded.
   Mr. Thomas slowly slid the head of his cock into the young
cheerleader, then pressed it up against her hymen.
   "Okay, this is gonna hurt a little bit," he said.
   Kimmy bit her lip as Mr. Thomas punched his cock-head into her
cherry.  She yelped and her muscles tightened as he firmly but
gently pushed his cock through.
   Kimmy's eyes watered, and tears came.  Mr. Thomas felt sorry for
her and tried to ease her moment of pain.
   "Easy, sweetheart," he told her.  "It's okay now, the pain is
over.  Since this was the first time you've been fucked, your
cherry wasn't broken yet.  It'll be painless from now on."
   He wiped the tears from the young girl's eyes, and she smiled.
Mr. Thomas pulled his cock out, then back in again, this time a
tiny bit deeper.  Then back out, back in.
   Each time, he fucked a tiny bit more of his prick into the
darling schoolgirl.  She was so incredibly tight, that he knew he
wouldn't last too long.
   "Are you okay, now, Kimmy?" he asked.
   "Yes, Mr. Thomas," she answered.  "It feels fine, now.  Keep
fucking me, sir."
   He was only too happy to oblige, and soon his thrusts were
coming nice and steady, being careful not to shove his eight inches
all the way into her.
   "You're so fuckin' tight, Kimmy, I'm gonna cum pretty soon," he
said.
   "Oh no, sir, don't do it in me.  I might get pregnant," she
responded.
   "Don't worry, sweetheart.  I had a vasectomy about five years
ago.  I can't get you pregnant," he informed her.
   Kimmy nodded beneath him.
   "Okay, sir, go ahead if you'd like," she consented.
   "Yeah, Kimmy, I wanna cum in your sweet little cheerleader
pussy," he said.
   Kimmy hooked her knee socks around his back as he rode her.  The
sight of the man fucking the young cheerleader was absolutely
beautiful.
   "Okay, Kimmy, any moment now..."
   "Cum in me, sir.  Cum in my sweet little cheerleader pussy."
   Kimmy loved the sound of her dirty talk.  It made her feel
hotter and nastier than ever.
   Mr. Thomas groaned twice, pumped once more into Kimmy, and fired
his load.  Kimmy felt his cock spasming within her and knew he was
pumping her full of his sticky white cream.
   "Yeah, sir!  Squirt your cum in me!  Squirt it!  Squirt it!"
   Mr. Thomas pumped Kimmy's pussy full of creamy cum until it
overflowed her tender, deflowered muff.  He stopped his fuck-stroke
and pulled his cock out of her her.
   Blood and cum dribbled out of Kimmy's pussy onto the towel.  He
mopped up the mess and dabbed her cunt with it, then folded the
towel so the fluid wouldn't ooze out.
   Mr. Thomas leaned forward and kissed Kimmy, who just smiled with
those precious dimples.
   "Thank you, sir," she said.  "That was fun."
   "No, Kimmy, thank you," he corrected her.  "You've made me feel
like a youngster again."
   He got up, wiped the blood and cunt juice from his sagging cock,
then started getting dressed.
   "I've got to get home now, Kimmy," he said.  "My wife will
wonder where I've been."
   "I know, Mr. Thomas," Kimmy nodded.
   The young cheerleader watched him finish getting dressed, still
lying there on the bed, knees raised wide apart, skirt pulled up
high.
   "Bye, bye, Kimmy," he told her, blowing her a kiss.  "I'll see
you again soon, I hope."
   "I hope so, too, sir," she said, smiling.  She watched him walk
out of her bedroom, then listened as he walked down the stairs and
out the door.
   Kimmy closed her eyes, absorbing the moments which had just
passed.  She had learned so much in the last couple of weeks, and
she knew there was still much to learn.  Many more sexual
experiences still would await her...



                             CHAPTER 6



   It had been almost a week since Kimmy's cherry-busting fuck with
Mr. Thomas, and Kimmy still thought about it constantly.  Luckily,
she had started her period the day after, and now she was free
again to continue her exploration of sex.
   She came to school, dressed in her formal school uniform, since
there was a special presentation to be given by the faculty of St.
Anthony's that day.
   She had her soft, light-brown, curled-under hair parted in the
middle as usual, except today she had it pinned back along the
sides behind her ears, with her bangs hanging across her forehead.
   Kimmy's outfit consisted of a blue blazer over a white long-sleeved
blouse with a high-necked collar.  Her blue-and-white plaid
pleated school skirt rode higher on her thighs than most of her
fellow female students, showing more of her delightful legs to the
men and boys of St. Anthony's.
   She wore blue cableknit knee socks that day, tugged up high on
her smooth calves and ending just below her dimpled knees.  Her
blue-and-white saddle shoes completed the wonderful ensemble.
   When Kimmy smiled as she walked, she was the envy of the whole
junior high.  She kept a bounce in her step, causing the soft
pleats of her short plaid pleated skirt to swish from side to side.
She knew now what those looks from the male teachers were all
about: they wanted to fuck her.
   Kimmy was on her way to lunch with her brown paper bag as she
passed the principal's office.  She saw Father Nelson watching her
from just inside the office door, smiling and leering at her sweet
eighth grade body.
   She returned the smile, and he motioned for her to come to him.
Kimmy stopped and turned, walking into the deserted office.
   "Yes, Father?" she asked.  "Did you want me for something?"
   She knew exactly what he wanted.
   "Yes, Kimmy.  Step into my private office, please."
   Kimmy smiled as she opened his private office door and walked
in, where he had  dry-fucked her thighs and splattered her with cum
just a couple of weeks before.  She knew he wanted more of the
same, maybe even to fuck her pussy.
   She stepped in, only to find three other priests in the room,
sitting on the large couch.  Another fellow girl student sat
between two of them, dressed in the same formal school uniform.
   Kimmy recognized her as Amy, a seventh-grader who was tall and
very thin.  She looked a little bit younger than she really was,
but that was because her long honey-blonde hair was fixed up in
braided ponytails, and she wore glasses and braces.
   Amy's legs were spread wide-apart, and one of the teacher-priests
had his hand mashed into her white cotton panties.  Another
had his hand in her blazer, fondling her tiny breasts through her
still-buttoned high-necked blouse.
   The two girls looked at each other, somewhat embarrassed at
first.
   "Hi, Kimmy," said Amy, with a sheepish grin.
   "Hello, Amy," Kimmy answered.
   "Both of you girls have been very nice to us," Father Nelson
interrupted.  "And you will both be getting straight A's at the end
of the term."
   "Really?" asked a surprised Kimmy.
   "That's right, my dear.  Of course, both of you must never tell
anyone about this," he added.
   Kimmy and Amy looked at each other and both nodded in agreement,
smiling.  They would both be getting top grades and some fun sexual
education in the process.
   Father Nelson put his arms around Kimmy and pulled her tightly
to him.  She could feel the bulge in his black trousers pressing
firmly against her.  Father Nelson pressed his lips to hers,
thrusting his eager tongue into her sweet, young mouth.
   The other teacher, Father Gordon, stood behind her and pulled
the back of her little pleated skirt up high, cupping her ass
cheeks through her white cotton panties.
   Kimmy saw Amy move off the couch and onto the floor, being led
by the other two priests.  Amy dropped to her hands and knees on
the carpet as one priest positioned himself in front of her and one
behind, both on their knees, as well.

   Kimmy felt Father Watson pull down her panties from behind.
With her panties draped over her saddle shoes, she suddenly felt
hot breath on her ass.  She felt him spread her ass cheeks with his
hands, and then felt his tongue on her asshole.
   "Oh, God!" she exclaimed.
   She spread her legs wide apart for him as he ran his tongue down
to her almost-hairless cunt.  The friction of his tongue on her
pussy lips made her tremble with pleasure, just as Mr. Thomas had
done to her.
   Kimmy heard Amy groan, and looked over to her young schoolmate.
Young Amy looked darling in her little uniform, minus the jacket.
Her plaid skirt was pulled up high over her waist, her panties in
a tight roll around her thighs.
   The priest behind Amy had just pushed his cock into the girl's
pussy.  Kimmy saw him pull it out slowly and sink it back in again,
guessing that it must be eight inches long.  She was impressed that
Amy could take the whole length of it, and figured that Amy must
have done this a few times before, anyway.
   "Aauugghhh!" groaned Amy, grimacing and showing her braces as
the priest fucked her schoolgirl twat.  He sawed his prick harder
and harder into her, slapping her tight ass hard with his thighs on
each fuck-stroke.
   Kimmy's attention was pulled back to Father Nelson as he gently
pushed her down to her knees.  But it was clear to Father Nelson
that Kimmy was enjoying watching one of her schoolmates getting it.
   "Would you like to watch Amy?" he asked Kimmy.
   Kimmy nodded sheepishly, and Father Nelson pulled her up to her
feet and led her over to the couch.  Kimmy and her two priests sat
and watched Amy get hers from the other two priests.
   Amy's braided ponytails and her pleated skirt swung forward and
back repeatedly as the priest behind her kept his fuck rhythym.  At
the same time, the priest kneeling on the carpet in front of her
tried to get his stiff cock into the seventh-grader's brace-filled
mouth.
   "Father Mulcahey's enjoying himself, isn't he?" Father Nelson
asked.
   Kimmy nodded.
   "Yes, Father.  He's fucking Amy really hard, now."
   Amy groaned each time Father Mulcahey hammered her tight, hot
snatch, her groaning muffled by the other cock in her mouth.  The
two priests were timing themselves so that, when Amy would rock
forward from Mulcahey's thrusts, the other priest would shove his
hips forward and drive his cock deep into little Amy's mouth.
   "God..." Kimmy gasped.
   Little Amy was getting hammered from both ends, until she almost
choked on the cock in her mouth.  She pulled it out and coughed
several times.
   "Oh my God!" Father Mulcahey exclaimed.  "I'm gonna cum!
   "Please, Father, don't do it in me!" Amy begged.  "I don't wanna
get pregnant!"
   "I'm gonna cummmmmmmm!" he shouted.
   "Please, sir!" she implored.  "Do it in my mouth like before!
Just don't do it inside me!"
   Father Mulcahey pulled his swollen prick out and rolled Amy onto
her back.  He scurried up to her face, and so did the other priest,
who was jacking himself off furiously.
   Kimmy thought sweet little Amy looked wonderful.  Still fully
dressed in her formal uniform minus the panties, she had her knees
cocked high in the air, her little pleated skirt piled up on her
tummy.
   It was such a nasty scene, with the young schoolgirl getting a
quickie from her teachers.  She just lied there smiling at the two
cocks being hand-pumped above her face.
   "Oh, God!  I'm gonna do it!  How about you?" the one priest
asked Father Mulcahey.
   "Yeah, I'm gonna cum, too!" he gasped.  "Open your mouth, Amy!"
   The two priests pointed their cocks straight down at little Amy,
who obediently opened her brace-filled mouth for them, and let
loose with two groans.  Sticky jizz squirted from both thick cocks,
splattering on Amy's innocent face.
   Amy started laughing as both men dumped goops of cum all over
her face.  She had semen going everywhere, all over her glasses, in
her blonde hair, dripping down her cheeks, on her braces...
   "My, God..." muttered Father Nelson.  "Look at that, Kimmy!"
   Kimmy started laughing, too.
   The two priests frigged themselves off to the last drop, and
poor Amy's face was coated in cum.  The priest who had been fucking
her, straddled her and squatted down, pushing his cock at Amy's
mouth.
   "Open your mouth, Amy," he said.  "Suck the last drops out of
it."
   Amy obeyed, and the priest pushed it between her gooey braces.
She sucked hard as he frigged down the length of his prick-stem,
squeezing off the last drops of cum into her young mouth.
   He pulled it back out of her mouth, stretching a string of gooey
jizz until it snapped back onto her face.  Amy just laughed, as the
other priest handed her a bunch of tissues to clean herself off.
   "Okay, Kimmy, your turn," said Father Watson, lifting her from
the couch, then lowering her to the floor.
   Father Watson reached up under Kimmy's school skirt and pulled
her panties down quickly.  Kimmy lifted her ass so he could pull
them off.  He flipped them aside, then tossed the front of her
pleated skirt high on her waist.
   Kimmy watched as he fisted his cock, hanging outside of his
trousers, to her tight snatch.  She felt the head of his penis pop
into her little cunt, and she bit her lip.  It was only the second
time she'd been fucked, and it still felt a little uncomfortable.
   Father Watson began fucking Kimmy hard, as everyone else
watched.
   "I get her next," said Father Nelson.
   "Fuck her, Father Nelson!" said Amy.  "Fuck her good, sir!"
   Kimmy looked over at Amy, surprised at the seventh-grader's
dirty talk.
   Father Watson started banging Kimmy's sopping wet cunt as hard
as he could, thrusting all six inches of himself into her.  Kimmy
was glad he wasn't any larger, but she was still enjoying it.
   Kimmy wrapped her kneesocked legs around the priest, using her
calves to pull herself tightly against him with each thrust.
   "Yeah, sir, fuck her hard!" added Amy.
   Kimmy was soon panting hard.  Father Watson was fucking her much
harder than Mr. Thomas had done, and she was getting exhausted, but
she was also having fun.  She grimaced as she felt her young body
building to orgasm.
   "God, sir, I'm getting it!" she groaned.  "God, I feel good!"
   Kimmy's thin body shuddered as his cock showed no mercy.
   "
   "Yeah, sir, fuck her hard!" Amy added.
   "Don't cum in me, sir," Kimmy asked.  "I want you to cum in my
mouth, instead.  I wanna taste your cum."
   Father Watson said nothing, just kept pumping his cock into
Kimmy, now with short, rapid fuck-strokes.
   "Okay, Kimmy!" he exclaimed.
   He pulled himself out quickly and jumped to his feet, pulling
her by the hand up to a sitting position.  He pulled her head to
him, and Kimmy opened her mouth for him.  Then he shoved his cock
between her lips.
   Father Watson grabbed her by the sides of her head and started
pulling and pushing her head back and forth, fucking her mouth
hard.
   Kimmy groaned a few times, uncomfortable at first, then enjoying
the sensation of having her mouth fucked.  His cock wasn't that
long, so she wasn't worrying about him choking her.
   "Fuck her mouth, Father!" cheered not-so-innocent Amy.  "Cum in
her mouth!"
   "Yeah, Kimmy, get ready..." he said.
   Father Watson grunted and shot his load of spunk into Kimmy's
hungry mouth.  It exploded against the back of her throat, running
straight down to her tummy.  She felt his cock spasm again and
again, knowing that he was shooting his cum down her throat with
each contraction.
   He pulled his dick out a little more, and at least she could
taste it now on the way down.  It was a little bitter tasting, not
anywhere as good as Mr. Thomas' cum.  A little disappointed, she
politely finished downing his load of cream, then smiled as she
pulled his cock out of her mouth.
   Father Thomas milked a few final drops out of the piss-slit and
held it in front of her.  She kindly licked them off.
   "Okay, Kimmy, my turn," said Father Nelson.
   "Okay, sir, how do you want to do it?" she asked.
   "I'm gonna fuck you doggy-style," he said, and Kimmy laughed.
   She got on her hands and knees.  Still fully dressed in her
uniform, she watched the priest flip the back of her pleated plaid
skirt over her waist.
   Kimmy felt him punch it into her pussy.  He held her by both
sides of her waist and started a slow stroke, then got faster and
faster with it.
   Poor Kimmy was so worn out by her first fuck, she couldn't enjoy
this one as much as she had hoped.  But she also knew the more she
fucked guys, the more she would be able to enjoy it.  She secretly
thought of a plan...
   Father Nelson closed his eyes and pumped his dick into the young
girl, enjoying every second of it.  The feeling of her tight snatch
gripping hard on every inch of his cock was ecstatic, and he had
wanted to fuck her for so long.
   "I'm gonna cum, Kimmy," he said.
   "Already, sir?" she asked.
   "Yes, my dear.  I'm much too excited to hold off any longer."
   "Okay, Father, do it in my mouth again," she told him.
   Father Nelson didn't answer, just kept on fucking hard into her
sloshing wet teenage pussy.
   "Do it in my mouth, okay?" she repeated.
   "Sweetheart, I wanna cum in your pussy!" he exclaimed.
   "But, sir!  I wanna taste your stuff!  Do it in my mouth!" she
begged.
   Father Nelson gripped her tightly, and she couldn't move.  While
the others watched, he tightened his grip on little Kimmy, slamming
his thighs hard against the back of hers.
   "I'm gonna cum in your pussy, Kimmy!" he told her.  "I'm gonna
fill your tight little cunt!"
   Father Nelson kept on fucking her from behind, his breathing
getting louder and shorter with each stroke.
   "Okay, sir, do it in me, then," she consented, a little
disappointed that she wouldn't be drinking his cum.  She had just
finished her period, so she wasn't concerned with getting pregnant.
   Kimmy knew he was about to ejaculate, and she coaxed him the
rest of the way.
   "Shoot it, Father.  Shoot your stuff in me.  Shoot your cum."
   With a loud groan, he fired his first burst of jizz deep into
her sweet young twat.  She could feel it pulsate within her, and
knew he was filling her with his hot cream.
   His dick kept on pumping its load into the eighth-grade
schoolgirl as he continued fucking her, until it dribbled down the
back of her thighs.
   Amy was giggling as she watched Father Nelson's jizz run down
Kimmy's legs.
   "You fucked her good, Father," she chortled.
   Father Nelson finally pulled his dripping penis out of Kimmy,
and all four men and the two schoolgirls lied there, relishing
their lunch hour of forbidden passion.


                          CHAPTER 7



   It was Friday afternoon, and Kimmy was ready for the big
basketball game against St. Francis Junior High, the game for the
Catholic league championship.  She was the first of the St. Anthony
cheerleaders to arrive at the gym, and spotted Coach McKenzie
studying a playbook on the first bleacher row.
   "Hi, Coach!" she said, smiling.
   Coach McKenzie looked up from his playbook at the alluring
cheerleader walking toward him.  His eyes devoured her young body
with lust, and little Kimmy knew that he wanted her.
   She smiled knowingly with those dimples, her almost-shoulder-length
light brown hair curled under, and her bangs combed out
evenly across her forehead.  Kimmy's lipstick made her angelic
smile seem even sweeter to him.
   "Hi, Kimmy," he answered, still taking in the delightful sight
before him.
   "Do I look okay?" she asked.  She turned around slowly, giving
Coach McKenzie a good look at her cheerleading uniform.
   Her cheerleading sweater was bright royal blue across the top
half of both the body and arms, with a few blue and white stripes
below that, running across.  The bottom half of the sweater was
white, on both the torso and arms, also.  The sweater pulled in
tightly against her small tits, and was a V-neck, with a white
detachable collar.
   Kimmy's skirt was a matching royal blue with eight white
inverted pleats.  It ended extremely high on her thighs, barely
covering the glove-tight white cheer panties underneath.
   Below those thin, smooth thighs were a cute pair of slightly-knobby
knees and white kneesocks with three thin blue stripes
around the top.  The uniform was made complete by her all-white
tennies.
   "Why, Kimmy, you look just fine to me," he told her.
   "Well, this uniform's getting a little too small, because I've
grown this year," she told him.
   Coach McKenzie looked at the tight sweater hiding her precious
little tits.  She smiled again, because she knew she could drive
him wild.
   "Well, Kimmy, I like it," he said.
   "My skirt's getting too short, also," she added.  "You can see
my cheerleading panties when I bend over."
   "Oh?" he asked.
   "Yeah, look," she said.
   Kimmy bent over, facing away from him.  As he watched in
disbelief, her little blue pleated skirt rose up high, showing off
her tight white cheer panties.  Her cunny mound bulged between her
legs.
   "Oh, God..." he blurted out.
   Kimmy laughed, knowing she had the coach right where she wanted
him.  She straightened upright and turned around, spying a huge
bulge in his slacks.
   "Do you need me to help with anything in your office, while I'm
waiting for the game?" she asked, teasingly.
   He knew what she was getting at, and he was only too willing to
go along with it.
   "Sure, Kimmy," he said, with a smile.  "Come with me."
   The coach led her into the boys' locker room, making sure nobody
saw.  They stepped into his office and he closed the door behind
them.
   "We've got to make this quick, though," he told her.  "The boys
will be here in a little while to get ready."
   "Okay, coach," she acknowledged.
   Kimmy joined the coach in an embrace.  He pulled her tightly
against him, rubbing her belly against his aching hard-on.  His
hand reached up under her skirt and squeezed her ass cheek through
her soft, tight cheer panties.
   "How about a blow job, Kimmy?" he asked.  "Have you ever sucked
a cock before?"
   "Yes, coach," she stated, feeling her pussy getting moist from
the excitement of the moment.
   "Would you like to suck me off?" he asked.
   Kimmy nodded.
   "Yeah, I'd like that, but only if we can fuck some other time,"
she told him.
   Coach McKenzie laughed.
   "Sure thing, Kimmy," he chuckled.
   He unzipped his fly and pulled his swollen cock out, as Kimmy
dropped to her knees.  She took it into her hand, caressing the
warm flesh softly.
   "I promise I won't cum in your mouth," he told Kimmy.
   "That's okay, coach," she said.  "I like the taste of it, so you
can squirt it in my mouth if you'd like."
   "Oh, God, yes I will," he moaned.
   She closed her eyes as she slowly pulled his eight-inch cock
into her sweet, teenaged mouth.  She sealed her lips around it and
ran her tongue across the underside of the head, sucking at the
same time.
   "Oh, Kimmy..."
   Kimmy started a slow mouth-fuck on him, sliding his cock in and
out of her eager mouth.  She left lipstick marks on his prick,
marking the depth to which she was taking him in.
   "Oh, sweetheart," he moaned.  "You darling little cock-sucking
cheerleader..."
   He stood there, slowly pushing his hips forward toward her.  Her
hot breath and stroking tongue drove him wild.
   Kimmy looked adorable in her little cheerleading uniform, on her
knees, sucking off the basketball coach.  She could taste a couple
drops of pre-cum as it oozed from his piss-slit.  It was very
salty, but she enjoyed it.
   "God, Kimmy, I love fucking your hot little mouth," he told her.
   Kimmy giggled as she sucked him, harder now, working her tongue
more aggressively.
   "Yeah, my sweet little cheerleader..." he muttered.
   Kimmy could hear his breathing get faster and louder.  She
bobbed her head in and out on his prick, her light brown hair
swishing forward and back with each mouth-stroke.
   "Oh, Kimmy, you're gonna make me cum if you keep this up!" he
gasped.
   Kimmy cupped his balls and softly massaged them with one hand.
She stopped her mouth-fuck, just clamping her lips hard around his
prick-head and sucking away, using her tongue and jacking him hard
with her other hand.
   "Oh, shit, you're gonna make me do it!" he groaned.
   Kimmy kept up the sucking, tongue-wiggling, and hand-whacking,
getting faster and faster.  She felt his cock swell even larger in
her mouth, and knew she was about to get a pre-game meal.
   "Awwwww!!  Shit!!" he screamed.
   Coach McKenzie shuddered as his prick bloated and squirted a
load of cum into the eighth-grade cheerleader's hungry mouth.
   "Oh, fuck!!" he groaned.
   Kimmy felt his thick cock spasming in her hand as he pumped his
jizz down her throat.  She could feel his warm cream as it splashed
across her taste buds, briefly tasting the saltiness before she
swallowed.  More and more cum gushed from his piss-slit, filling
the little cheerleader's mouth almost faster than she could
swallow.
   Finally, the coach's stream of jizz came to a stop.  Kimmy
stroked his cock one more time, sucking the last drops out of him,
as Coach McKenzie moaned in delight.
   Suddenly, the door burst open.
   "Coach, are you all right?!"
   It was Danny, the center on the basketball team.  He had heard
the coach gasping and cursing, and just wanted to make sure his
coach was okay.
   Instead, Danny saw his coach standing there in the middle of the
room, his pants undone, his swollen cock hanging out and being
grasped by a junior high cheerleader on her knees.
   "Oops, I'm sorry, sir..." he stammered.
   Kimmy had turned her head as the door opened, and just stared at
the eighth grade classmate, white cum coating her bright red lips.
   "Sorry, Kimmy," the boy added, embarrassed and starting to close
the door.
   "That's okay," she told him.
   Danny stopped and looked at her.
   "I'll bet you'd like this, too, wouldn't you, Danny?" Kimmy
asked, brazenly.
   "Yeah, sure!" he replied.
   "I'll tell you what, Danny," she added.  "If you guys win the
game, I'll suck your dick, too."
   Coach McKenzie laughed.
   "If they win the game, I think they'd all deserve to get sucked
off," he chortled.
   "Okay," agreed Kimmy.  "If you guys win, I'll suck all of you
off down here in the locker room, afterward."
   Both Coach McKenzie and Danny grinned from ear to ear.
   "Sounds like a deal to me!" Danny added.  "But what if we want
to fuck you instead?"
   Kimmy shrugged.
   "Whatever, it doesn't make any difference to me," she grinned.
"It'll be fun, anyway."
   Kimmy licked the coach's cum from her lips, stood up and walked
out.
   "I'll see you guys later, if you win," she called back as she
walked out, her incredibly short blue cheerleading skirt flashing
its white pleats as it swished teasingly from side to side.


                          CHAPTER 8


   By the time the game began, the word of Kimmy's promise to the
team was spread among all the players.  Kimmy could tell by the
looks she was getting from the bench, and she could only smile.
   In a couple of hours, she knew she would be the most popular
girl in the junior high.  Even if the faculty found out and
complained to the principal, Father Nelson, she knew that he
wouldn't do anything to punish her, because he had fucked her, too.
   Kimmy was already fantasizing about taking on the fourteen
players and Coach McKenzie.  Even if the team lost the game, she
would be visiting their locker room, she knew.
   She took the floor with the other cheerleaders for the
introduction of the starting lineups for St. Anthony's.  As she
cheered and jumped about with the introduction of each boy, she
made eye contact with each one and smiled.
   The boys went back to the bench, and the school fight song was
played.  Kimmy did her pom pon routine to the music, exaggerating
her movements, showing off as much of her white cheer panties as
she could for the boys and Coach McKenzie, who just stared at her
with vivid lust.
   Her little blue skirt with the eight inverted white pleats
flipped about as she swung her hot little teenaged ass.  Her kicks
were high, flashing her panty-covered crotch as her white knee
socks with the blue trim soared over her head.
   Kimmy could feel her little pussy get incredibly moist with
anticipation.  She wondered if the guys could see a wet spot
through her panties.
   The game was a close contest, with the lead changing hands a
number of times.  Finally, St. Anthony went on a 14-2 scoring run
in the last quarter.  With just under forty seconds left and St.
Anthony's leading by 16 points, the two coaches began substituting
their bench players, acknowledging that the game was over.
   Coach McKenzie looked over at Kimmy, and smiled.  The little
cheerleader winked back, trembling with excitement.  She couldn't
wait for the final horn to sound.
   Finally, the game ended.  The boys mobbed each other on the
floor, having won the Catholic League championship.  The trophy was
awarded and the boys quickly took off for the locker room.
   Kimmy waited for the other cheerleaders to start leaving.
Finally, when the gym had all but emptied out, she carefully made
her way toward the locker room door.
   Making sure nobody saw her, she quickly opened the door and
slipped inside, carrying her pom pons.  The boys were eagerly
waiting, sitting on the benches with Coach McKenzie.  They stared
intently with lust at the daring young cheerleader.
   Kimmy started to blush a little.  She didn't know quite what to
say or how to start this.
   "Would you guys like to see one of my dance routines, first?"
she blurted, somewhat clumsily.
   "Yeah!" they cheered.
   Kimmy smiled at their enthusiasm, and started one of her more
suggestive pom pon routines, while all the boys cheered her on.
Their encouragement was all she needed to get her confidence back.
She smiled as she watched the bulges in their shorts getting larger
and larger.
   Her tight V-neck sweater, blue on the top half and white on the
bottom half, with a few blue-and-white stripes across the middle
and the white detachable collar, pulled up high with arm movements.
Her flat belly peeked from the gap between sweater and skirt.
   Her blue skirt danced about wildly as she spun about and ground
her ass, flashing those eight inverted white pleats and her
incredibly tight white cheerleading panties.
   The boys cheered as she put on the sexiest show she could.
Halfway through the routine, she reached up under her skirt and
peeled her panties off.  As they fell around her white kneesocks,
she stepped out with one foot and then flung them across the room
with the other, to the gasps of the boys and Coach McKenzie.
   Kimmy started a high kick sequence, each kick giving just a
teasing glimpse of her almost hairless pussy.  She ended the
routine by facing away from them and bending over slowly with her
feet together.  Her little skirt pulled up high on her bare ass,
with her sweet little cunny mound bulging between her tight teen
thighs.
   The guys went wild.  They flocked around Kimmy, kissing her and
fondling her body from head to toe.  Some of the guys were rubbing
her firm little tits through her sweater, while others were
reaching under her skirt, squeezing her ass and rubbing her pussy.
   Several of the boys peeled off Kimmy's tight sweater and
unfastened her bra, flinging both across the room, as well.
Kimmy's firm, round nipples stood erect as the boys' hands roamed
across her tiny breasts.
   Kimmy was lost in delight, finding herself the object of all
this attention.  She closed her eyes as she stood there, enjoying
the feeling of warm hands all over her young figure.  She felt
fingers on her pussy lips, poking inside the wetness of her sweet
lovebox.
   Kimmy could take it no longer.  She had to fuck or suck
somebody.
   "Okay, guys," she called out.  "We might as well start.  I'll
sit down on this bench over here and suck a few dicks first.  If
you want me to suck you off, stand on this side, and if you want to
fuck me instead, stand on that side."
   Kimmy gestured to both sides of the bench.  Eight of the boys
ran to the other side, wanting to fuck sweet little Kimmy, while
six of them stood where they were, wanting the darling cheerleader
to suck their cocks dry.
   "How about you, coach?" Kimmy asked.
   "I'll do you last, honey," he told her, with a wink.  "Let the
boys go first."
   Kimmy smiled and sat topless on the bench, dressed only in her
blue cheerleading skirt with the white pleats and her white
kneesocks with the tennies.
   The boys all undressed where they were.  The first boy stepped
up to Kimmy, somewhat nervously.
   "It's okay, Bobby," she told him, taking his small but firm cock
in her tender hand.
   While the others watched, Kimmy sealed her lips around him and
started sucking him.  Her dimpled cheeks caved in and her tongue
darted all around his prick-tip, while she started a good hand-jerk
on him.
   Kimmy knew from hand-jerking Mr. Thomas' son that these boys
probably wouldn't last very long.  She whacked away on Bobby for
only a few minutes, while he moaned in ecstasy, before he let loose
and dumped his creamy load into her waiting mouth.
   Kimmy was a little disappointed at how little semen came out,
but knew she was making them happy, anyway.  She licked Bobby dry,
then asked him to step aside.
   The next boy came up.  Kimmy smiled at him and proceeded to
repeat the same with him.  This time, the boy lasted a little
longer and poured more jizz down her throat, but his cum didn't
taste very good.
   The third boy hardly lasted a minute before he shot off, but he
gave Kimmy a good, long drink from his cock.  She enjoyed his
taste, too, and milked his prick for every last bit she could get
from him.
   "Mmmm, that was good," she told him.
   As he stepped aside, she turned her attention to some of the
other guys.
   "Okay, who wants to fuck me first?" Kimmy asked.
   Danny was first in line.
   "Hi, Danny," she said.  "Are you ready?"
   He nodded, while Coach McKenzie came back from his office with
a stack of towels, placing them behind Kimmy for a pillow.  Kimmy
lied down on the bench, resting her head on the white towels.
   The young cheerleader smiled with her cute dimples while she
pulled her little skirt up, pushing the white pleats high on her
waist.  She spread her legs wide, displaying her bright pink, wet
pussy for the boys.
   "Okay, Danny," she said.  "Put your cock in me."
   Danny squatted down and pushed the head of his prick between her
slick pussy lips.  He punched his full six inches into Kimmy and
started fucking her hard.
   Kimmy looked up at the handsome boy as he drilled her twat hard.
She squeezed her nipples between her fingers and raised her knees
high, her shoelaces swinging in rhythym with the fuck.
   "That's it, Danny," she coached.  "Fuck me... fuck me good..."
   She could feel herself nearing an orgasm, when Danny suddenly
groaned and fired his wad up into her tight snatch.  He stopped
abruptly, letting his cock squirt itself dry into her.  Then he
pulled it out and stood back up.
   Kimmy was glad that Danny had fucked her, but she would have
liked to have gotten off, too.  Maybe the next boy would do it.
   The next boy, a starting forward named Mike, lowered himself on
top of her and pushed himself into her pussy.  Loud sloshing noises
could be heard in the locker room as his cock squished through the
jizz already in her cunt.
   Kimmy giggled at the sloppy noises, but the boy was all business
as he rammed it hard into her.
   Meanwhile, another boy couldn't wait any longer.  Kimmy watched
him whacking himself by hand and knew he was going to jack off
before she could suck him.
   "Come here," she motioned.
   The boy scurried to her side, still beating his meat.
   "Squirt your stuff in my mouth, okay?" she asked.
   The boy nodded, and Kimmy opened her mouth wide for him.  She
waited patiently for him to orgasm, and when he did, he pushed his
cock toward her mouth.
   Cum splattered all over her cheeks, but he missed her mouth with
most of it.  Kimmy scooped up most of his cream with her finger
before it ran into her hair, and licked it clean.
   The boy fucking her was getting close to cumming and suddenly
pulled out of her, just as he shot off.  His cum splattered all
over her tits and the underside of her pleats.
   Coach McKenzie towelled her off as the other five boys continued
stepping up to fuck the sweet eighth-grade cheerleader.  Each one
got off in a matter of only a few minutes, with all of them
shooting their cum into her sopping pussy.
   When they had finished, Kimmy mopped up the mess from her cunt,
most of which pooled on the bench as it ran out of her when she sat
up.
   The last two boys waited for their blowjobs, which Kimmy gave to
their satisfaction, drinking down every drop of creamy white jizz
that she could get.
   Only Coach McKenzie was left, and Kimmy knew he wanted to save
the best for last.  She pulled her legs high over her head, her
pretty white kneesocks cocked high, her shoelaces dangling.
   "Come on, coach," she said, smiling at the man whom she had
already pleased once earlier.
   Kimmy pulled her swollen, almost-bare pussy lips wide apart for
him, as he straddled the eighth-grade cheerleader.
   "Fuck me, sir," she asked him, as he fisted his already rock-hard
cock into the darling young girl.
   "Ooohhhhh..." she groaned, closing her eyes as she felt his
manhood slide up into her sloppy snatch, filling her juicy cunt.
The cum from the other boys squeezed out of her, pooling under her
ass on the bench.
   Coach McKenzie gave her a nice, firm fuck.  The boys watched
Kimmy get nailed by their coach, staring at the incredible sight.
Kimmy looked magnificent with her blue cheerleading skirt's white
pleats splashed up high on her tummy.
   "Ooohhhh....ooohhhh..." Kimmy kept moaning, squeezing the hem of
her pulled-up skirt with both hands as Coach McKenzie drilled her
with short, measured fuck-strokes.
   "Oh, God, sir..." she groaned.  "You're gonna make me cum!"
   He smiled down at Kimmy, whose breathing was getting faster and
faster.  She looked up at him with pleading eyes, wanting him to
give her a much-wanted orgasm.
   "Yes....yessss...YEEEEESSSSSSS!!" she screamed, as her young
body shuddered uncontrollably.
   "Oh, God, Coach, you made me cum!" she gasped, trying to catch
her breath.
   "Good, Kimmy," he told her.  "You deserved it."
   He pulled his cock from her abruptly.
   "Okay, Kimmy, stand and bend over the bench," he told her.
   "I'm gonna fuck you doggy-style," he added, as Kimmy and the
boys laughed.
   Kimmy stood up and bent over the bench, grasping the sides with
her hands, looking back as Coach McKenzie flipped her little
cheerleading skirt up over her back.
   The coach grasped Kimmy's tight little ass cheeks and spread
them.  He wanted to fuck her sweet little ass, but he didn't want
to hurt the sweet girl.  So he pushed his prick into her snatch
again, this time from behind.
   The coach and the cheerleader continued fucking, the force of
his thrusts driving her down toward the bench with each push.
   "Hey, Coach, can you cum in my mouth?" she asked, wanting
another drink of his juice.
   "Sure, sweetheart," he said.  He fucked into her a few more
times, then pulled out and spun Kimmy around.
   The girl sat on the bench in her skirt and kneesocks as Coach
McKenzie flogged his cock in front of her face.  Kimmy opened her
mouth, tilting her face upward toward him, waiting for the tasty
treat.
   She didn't have to wait for long.  The coach gasped and groaned,
then fired his load.  Thick, gooey strings of cum splattered into
Kimmy's mouth.  Wanting to make sure she got it all, she sealed her
lips around him and jerked him off herself, sucking him dry like a
vacuum cleaner, as his cock squirted spasm after spasm of its cream
down her throat.
   When she had worked the last warm drops from him, she pulled his
cock from her mouth.
   "Kimmy, Kimmy..." the coach muttered, shaking his head from side
to side.  "You're incredible."
   Kimmy laughed and looked around the room at the drained penises
on all the boys, feeling very proud of what she had done, and
feeling very naughty at the same time.  She couldn't wait to take
advantage of her new-found popularity.
   She had learned a lot in a short time, but she knew there was
stiill much to learn in this fascinating subject of sex.  One thing
for certain, as long as Kimmy could have a cock in her mouth, she
would be happy...


                  ***** T H E    E N D *****

