Sweet
by deirdre

It was Saturday morning, and my girlfriend (with whom I shared the 
house), Paula, had gone out to a meeting until 11am.  It was just 
10am and I had just drifted down to the kitchen to get myself a cup 
of coffee (Paula was kind enough to have made a pot full and left 
some for me) before taking my shower.  The doorbell rang.  I 
answered it even though I was dressed in my bathrobe.

It was Leslie and Karen, two of Paula's friends, and they were 
dressed for the beach, in terry wraps.  They were both excellent 
looking, which made it a little interesting--me in just a bathrobe 
and them in swimsuits and wraps--but I stayed cool.  Leslie said 
they were picking up Paula to go to the beach as planned and I told 
her that Paula must have forgotten since she was not due back for an 
hour.  They seemed disappointed, said they would call Paula and left.  
Now I must admit that I didn't head for the shower right away, but 
surreptitiously watched them through the window as they returned 
to Leslie's car.  They got in, but didn't drive away--they just talked 
for a minute.  Then they got back out of the car and returned to the 
front door.  I made as if I had been in another part of the house and 
answered the door again.  Leslie said they would wait for Paula!  I 
politely pointed out that Paula wasn't due for an hour and that I was 
just getting ready to shower and was in no position to play host, but 
Leslie said never mind, they would entertain themselves in the 
living room.  I finally gave in, got them each a cup of coffee, and 
headed for the shower.

It was a bit weird taking a shower with those two foxes in the 
house.  Getting in the shower, and thinking about them made my cock 
grow a bit.  The thought of masturbating occurred to me, but I did my 
best to just change the direction of my thoughts.

But then I realized I wasn't alone in the bathroom!  The shower door 
slid open and in came Leslie, pulling an embarrassed Karen in after 
her!  They were both in their swimsuits--Leslie in a black one-piece 
that was pretty hot and Karen in a bikini that was actually pretty 
demure as bikini's go.  Believe it or not, I protested!  Besides a dumb 
"what's going on here" I protested that they had better watch what 
they were doing because they were likely to get me going, and also 
that Paula was going to come back and find us.  But Leslie wasn't 
listening.  While still holding onto Karen's arm and telling her to 
relax, she went right for my cock with her other hand and gave me an 
evil smile.  She was rubbing it and had it hard before I could react 
and get them out of there, and I was past caring before I got that far.  
Soon I was hard as a rock, and Karen was blushing even more if that 
were possible.  Leslie positioned Karen facing the wall with her 
hands against it and pulled down her bikini bottom!  Then she reached 
around and played with Karen's cunt while soaping her ass with her 
other hand!  She also cupped her breasts through her bikini top a few 
times.  Karen just stood there, hands against the wall, bikini bottom 
stretched between her knees!  She was breathing hard, and I 
wondered whether she would faint!

"OK, put it in her ass" said Leslie!  I was ready, and Karen had the 
cutest, most inviting ass I could imagine!  And she was hot!  Still, 
something kept me from going ahead.  "She doesn't want that" I 
blurted.  "Yes she does.  She's ready for anything.  Aren't you, Karen? . 
 . . Karen?"

"Y . . . Yes" said Karen though she seemed hesitant to speak.  She was 
a rather shy woman, and that was the first thing I'd heard her say 
through the whole visit!  "You see, Karen likes you, and she'll have 
you any way you want.  He'll do it if you ask him, Karen."

"Please" whispered Karen.  Leslie was still working on her, and she 
still seemed on the verge of collapse.  Leslie also managed to keep 
my cock hard with occasional caresses.  Warm water was still 
spraying us all.  Well, I couldn't help myself--I just got up close, 
bent my knees to lower my body as best I could, and did my best to 
guide my cock into Karen's cute ass.  Well, Leslie assisted, or I don't 
think we could have done it there, and soon I was pushing myself as 
hard as I could right into Karen's rear end!  I was so hot I couldn't 
control myself!  And Karen pushed right back!  Soon we were coming 
like nothing before!

Well, at that moment anything could be happening around me and I 
wouldn't have noticed, but when I was again aware of my 
surroundings, it was to find Paula there in the bathroom watching 
us!  "Having your little fun, Leslie?" she said in a mocking voice.  I 
could tell she was mad, and I mentally braced for a storm.  Karen 
looked ready to drop off the face of the earth but Leslie still looked 
smug.  "Shower's over" said Paula, turning off the water and forcing 
towels on the three of us--since Karen pulled up her bikini bottoms, 
I was the only nude one.  I quickly dried off, wandering where this 
was going to end up.  I figured Paula would walk for sure--we never 
messed around on each other and I knew Paula was not one to be 
interested in anything like "swinging".

Karen was crying, and believe it or not, Paula was comforting her.  
She sat Karen on our bed, then grabbed Leslie by the arm.  Then she 
astounded me by telling me to get in bed with Karen and cuddle her!  
She waited for me to do it, and insisted until we did: both of us 
laying nude under the covers in spoon position!  Then she left the 
room, pulling Leslie with her.  Karen was still crying a little bit, and 
she seemed driven to keep my arms wrapped tightly around her!  I 
realized that Karen must have had a thing for me and that Leslie had 
known and cruelly used that fact to get us into the position she did!  
I had never thought much about Karen--she is very pretty but very 
quiet.  Somehow, Leslie, the extrovert with a bit of a naughty sense 
of humor had been the one who attracted my attention, though not 
enough to make me try anything.  Now I realized that cuddling Karen 
was sweet.  It seemed that Paula knew about it all, and amazingly 
enough, she didn't want Karen to be hurt by Leslie's manipulations.

We lay like that for maybe 15 minutes, Karen still sometimes 
shivering and refusing to let me unlock my arms when Paula returned 
to the room.  She told me to come with her and Karen acquiesced, 
letting me up and just laying there.  Paula told her to wait a few 
minutes.  Paula led me into our other bedroom and I received another 
shock!  Leslie was naked, tied to the bed laying face down so her ass 
was hanging over the edge!  She was gagged too, and tied tightly and 
struggling!  Paula was still dressed and I was still nude!  Paula 
strode over and rubbed Karen's asshole, putting K.Y. jelly on it and 
pushing fingers into it!  Leslie was still wiggling like crazy.

Finally Paula said "OK, give it to her".  I couldn't believe the way 
Leslie looked--it was like nothing I dreamed I'd ever be faced with 
in real life!  "I don't think she wants to,"  I said.

"Of course she does," said Paula.  Leslie continued to wiggle as hard 
as her bonds would allow and vocalized into her gag.  "Leslie ...," I 
began.  "I said she wants it--she told me she did--right in the ass," 
said Paula and she sounded angry that I wouldn't believe her.  Still, 
the look of Leslie struggling like that ...

Paula, looking exasperated, grabbed my cock and jerked me off 
strenuously until I was hard and led me over to Leslie's ass.  "As 
hard as you can," said Paula, who seemed to be getting excited too.  
She literally put my cock to Leslie's asshole, got behind me and 
pushed!  Then she jumped on the bed and started whispering in 
Leslie's ear.  Then she jumped behind me again and pushed some 
more!  Leslie was still wiggling like crazy and it really looked like 
she was trying to escape!  But I finally trusted Paula and let myself 
go.  Leslie vocalized louder into her gag as I fucked faster and faster 
and finally came.  She never stopped her wiggling.

When I was done, Paula told me to go back and cuddle Karen some 
more.  As I left the room, Paula had a leather belt and had started 
whipping Leslie's ass something awful!  I heard the smacks as I 
walked back and finally closed the bedroom door in our regular 
bedroom where Karen was lying shyly holding the cover up to her 
chin.  I got back under the cover with her and she immediately 
wrapped her arms around me and said "Please hold me!" over and over 
in such a desperate voice.  This time we faced each other, and I gave 
her the sweetest kiss I knew how.  We broke the kiss soon and I just 
held her to my chest, her arms tightly wrapped around my body as if 
she never wanted to leave that position again.

We kissed again, and hugged tightly, never even thinking about 
moving towards sex!  We must have done that for over half an hour 
when the bedroom door opened again.  This time it was Leslie!  She 
came in and insisted that I come with her.  I came with her and this 
time so did Karen, still naked.  Leslie, who was also still naked, led 
us to the other bedroom again and this time when I came in, Paula 
was on the bed in the same position that Leslie had been!  Except 
that Paula was not gagged and was not tied down!  Once again, Leslie 
grabbed my by the cock and worked it until it showed signs of life 
again and pulled me over to Paula's ass.  Now I had never fucked 
Paula's ass and knew that she had no interest in doing anything like 
that.  But this time, she just lay there as Leslie worked her ass with 
her fingers.  Obviously, she had already been working Paula's ass.  
Then she got me kneeling behind Paula and got me to start pushing in.  
Karen surprised me be approaching quite close and watching my cock 
push into Paula's rear hole!  When I got it in, Karen knelt behind me 
pushing her body against mine, and used her pelvis to push mine right 
into Paula!

Leslie had gotten up and gotten on the bed and lowered her cunt in 
front of Paula's face!  Paula was licking away.  Leslie was talking 
dirty, saying "Now we see what the little slut really likes!  Can't get 
enough, can you bitch?" and other such nasty insults.  Paula just 
licked as much as she could, and her ass pushed against me as I 
fucked it!  Karen put her hands on my hips as she pushed against me 
and whispered "Yes!  Do it!" into my ear.  Sweet little Karen!  As I 
exploded, Leslie obviously came too, her voice getting breathy but 
never actually stopping her tirade.

When we were done, Leslie told Karen and me to go to bed again 
which we did.  I brought off Karen a couple of times with my hands, 
but wasn't much good for anything else.  She was so sweet, and so 
grateful I couldn't believe it.  Finally we got up, and discovered that 
Leslie and Paula were gone.  Paula left a note that said "Am staying 
at Leslie's".  Karen has been living with me ever since.  Our sex is 
pretty vanilla, but she is so sweet and such a knockout that I haven't 
minded for a minute.  Once in a while, Leslie and Paula come over.  
Leslie always deposits me and Paula in the master bedroom and tells 
her to suck my cock.  Then she takes Karen to the other bedroom, 
locks the door and they stay there for a couple of hours.  Paula is 
always all business and does a good job too, even though she had only 
ever given me a half-hearted blowjob before.  Afterwards, Karen is 
always super hot, begging me to do it to her, hard.  She's told me 
that she eats Leslie, sometimes for the whole time!  I get the 
feeling that sometimes more goes on, but Karen seems too 
embarrassed to tell me.
