Copyright © 1998,    Dastardly Dave.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing DastardlyDave@mrdouble.com.






Sweet Marie - Chapters 1-5 - By Dastardly Dave

Sitting in my office on the third floor of my old house, I contentedly looked out over my domain.  Having received nice royalties from a recent book, I had purchased the house and five acres from the estate of an old antique collector.  The third floor was actually a round room about 20 feet in diameter sitting at one end of the house like a tower.  

It took a lot of work and money to get it like I wanted it, buit not as much as I thought it would.  The toughest part was having suntint windows installed on my chosen office in the "tower".  It cut down on the heat from the summer sun and also prevented anyone outside from seeing me.  I did not want to shock the conservative neighborhood by it being revealed I write in the nude.

I had walked around the boundaries as best I could and had noticed that the old stone wall had collapsed in places.  I didn't worry about it much since I had good security on the house and outbuildings themselves.  There were, however, many parts of the estate I had never traversed due to undergrowth.

The morning my adventure with Sweet Marie began, I was sitting in my office contemplating (procrastinating, actually) the start of a new book.  Something was puzzling me.  I had stepped off the hallway on the second floor, then the rooms.  It seemed to me the rooms were too small.  I suspected there was a hidden room, not uncommon in houses of this age, but I had been unable to find any entrance.  I had pushed, pulled and pressed everything I could think of in the rooms and hallway to trigger an opening, but to no avail.

Still lost in thought as I gazed out over the treetops, a flash of color caught my eye.  Someone was on my property!  I could discern movement about 200 yards away but could not see clearly.  I headed down the spiral stairs to get my binoculars, patting the sculpture I had dubbed Lil Darlin on the head as I passed.  The marble nude was as exquisite as it was unusual.  It was of a beautiful young girl, just entering the first blush of womanhood.  She demurely covered her barely budding breasts and had a hand cupped over her vulva.  The top of her vee was visible, as was the beginning of the tiny hairless valley between puffy lips.  She was in a half-rising position, bent at the wasp waist. Her expression was one of surprise, as though caught in the act of something.  Even more unusual was the look of unbridled lust in her almond shaped eyes.  I had fallen in love when I first saw her and she had a great deal to do with my decision to buy the place.

Climbing back up the stairs, I caressed her pert cheeks, again noting that the cheeks seemed especially well-handled.  It was as though someone had previously also loved to play with her pretty bottom while climbing up the stairs.  I went over to the window and focused the binocs to where I had seen movement.  At first I saw nothing unusual and was about to give up when I spied a movement in the branches of a tree.  I looked closer.  A young girl was playing in a treehouse!   The structure looked ancient but well-built, not a ramshackle affair as I and my brothers had built as children.  

As I focused in, I saw the girl was prepubescent, maybe 11 or 12.  I could tell because she was leaning on the edge of a window looking out.  The treehouse had walls on three sides but the side toward me was open.  She had her arms resting on the sill as she leaned ever further out, as though trying to see something.  Her body was long and thin and I could see long, straight dark hair hanging down.  I scanned the area around her, but couldn't catch sight of what had her so intrigued.

As I watched the child I walked across the room.  Finally an old shed came into view.  Now I knew what see was having such fun watching!  A boy of about 15 was standing with his shorts around his ankles.  His young dick thrust proudly from his center into the face of another young girl.  It was blowjob city out there!  Branches from a tree kept blocking my view so I didn't get a lot of detail, but I could tell the young man was enjoying himself.  No more so than the girl spying from the treehouse, though.   I saw her mouth form an "O" as the boy began to spurt his seed down the throat of his playmate.  I looked back at them just in time to see the girl pull her mouth off his tool and let the final slashes of juice cascade across her lovely face, her beautiful lips smiling wetly as sunlight glimmered in her shiny blonde hair.   The boy leaned up against a support post with a grin on his face, looking, shall we say, drained?

The little girl in the tree continued to watch intently, and soon the young blonde stood and pressed her body against his, rubbing up and down.  They kissed long and wetly, then the girl brushed her hands through his curly dark hair and pressed his head downward.  The tree girl again leaned so far out I feared for her.  The blonde soon slowly sank out of sight.  It was obvious she was getting the equivalent from him of the pleasure she had given.  Oh, how I longed for a better view!

So, apparently, did the little girl.  I watched her as she moved from side to side, leaning this way and that, but the other two kids had obviously moved from her view as well.  She looked very disappointed and moved back into the treehouse, dropping onto a pile of cushions.  It was difficult to see in the shaded shell, but I could see enough to know her hands were becoming busy in her shorts.  I had to get a better look!

I fairly flew downstairs and scrambled to find my camera, put on the zoom lens and flew back up.  I grabbed a tripod from against the wall and hurriedly set it up.  I cracked the roll-out window just enough to extend the lens through.  I trembled as I focused and zoomed into the darkness surrounding the little girl.  My timing was perfect!

I checked the film load and saw it was a fresh roll of 36 in a good speed for the lighting.  The lovely child had just reached the decision to play with what seemed appropriate.  She slowly unsnapped her jeans and drew them apart.  I snapped three shots, one just as the white of her little girl panties came into view.  She scooted down on the cushions so now I could tighten the shot and still get her face and expressions.  Her tiny hands pushed at her jeans, sliding them down her tanned coltish legs.  Two more shots.  When her shorts hit her ankles her fingers delved under the waistband of her underwear.  I could now see they were decorated with little red hearts.  I got a great shot of her panties tightly stretched by her exploring hand, pulling the fabric up into her little split, with the sweetest and most innocent smile on her face.

Faster and faster the little girl rubbed, her face becoming tight as she rose on her journey.  Then she almost frantically jerked her panties off, spread her legs and attacked her hairless pussy with both hands, rubbing furiously.  She bucked her hips upward as her fingers flashed across her unformed labia and clit.  Finally, with her shoulders still on the cushions, she arched her back and lifted her body on her toes, legs splayed widely.  I could tell she had started her babygirl cum by the way her fingers gently encircled her clit, drawing out the sensation to the fullest.  By this time the sun was gone and I feared my last few shots were futile due to the light.   But oh, what a collection I had started!

My dick was so hard I could hardly walk.  I stopped as I neared the stairs and rested my hand on the beautiful behind of Lil Darlin'.

"Right now I sure wish you were real. If you were I would bend you a little further over and stick my dick right here!" I told the statue as I reached between her legs where her pussy would be.

Imagine my surprise when my finger slid into a hole.  She actually had a cunt!  I reached further in and felt a click.  Against the wall a section of paneling and molding popped open.  I had found the secret switch for the hidden room.  Clever hiding place.  Who would ever think to try to fingerfuck a statue (besides me, of course)?

CHAPTER TWO

The old man who had owned the house previously had built it in the 20's, then spent the next 65 years collecting antiques to fill its many rooms.  I soon found his penchant for collecting extended into areas undreamed of by most of the locals who knew him.

My explorations of his secret hideaway began when I discovered the trigger hidden inside the statue of a beautiful young girl.  The choice of hiding place, inside the cold stone vagina of the lovely child, should have given me a clue as to the old man's predelictions.

I pushed the door open, surprised that indirect lighting came on automatically.  A full set of stairs led down into the hidden chamber.  I descended and gazed around the room.  Beautiful paintings adorned the walls, each individually lit by spotlights.   The subject of each was a gorgeous young girl of between 10 and 13 years.  Each lovely had been painted seated in a swing in what appeared to be a gazebo.  I checked the artist's signature and was surprised to read "E. L. Burkett."  Ellsworth Burkett was the old man who had built the house.  I had no idea he was a portrait artist; and a quite good one at that.  His coloring was perfect and composition grand.  He captured an impish look on each of his subjects, as though they each had a secret and were dying to tell.

I walked around the room admiring the paintings until I reached a well-worn easy chair.  The leather was old and worn, but when I sat down I could not believe how comfortable it felt.  As I relaxed, I looked about the chair.  A set of shelves with tall matched books were within easy reach on the left.  On the right was a small table with an ashtray, a rack of well-used pipes and a tobacco humidor.  Leaning against the humidor was an envelope with spidery writing.  I picked it up.

It was addressed to "The New Master".  I didn't care for the term "Master" but I supposed it meant me since I now owned the estate.  The flap was sealed with a quaint wax stamp in a family crest; Burkett, I supposed.   I opened the letter carefully, drawing out the rich paper folded crisply.  I reached over and turned on a reading lamp.

The letter was written in an old style copperplate script; very thin.  I began to read...

"To the new master of my house.  You are charged with the care of my home.  It was built to my design in 1922 and I have lived and loved in it since.  As I write this I sit in my sanctum sanctorum for the last time.  My doctors tell me the cancer will take me soon.  I have almost reached my centennial year and I am tired.  I feel no sadness or regret at my fate.  So much of my life was spent in bliss in this secret place that I had to communicate with whomever will now make use of it.  

Unless extreme measures were used to gain entrance, an event which would displease me most mightily, then you must be amused by the unique method of entrance.  To have found it, one must have found the same pleasure as I in fondling the bottom of my Little Darling.   I hope it indicates interests similar to my own.        

[I was astounded at the similar names we had chosen for the marble form.]

I have devoted my secret life to the education of the fair sex.  My joys have come from the initiation of virgins into a life of pleasure and sensuality.  In the shelves to your left you will find my Journals, whence I chronicle my exploits into the realm of maidenheads conquered.  

You will find my companions have all been willing... eventually.  Some had to be coaxed, some seduced and some mastered, but in the end they all surrendered their precious prizes of their own volition.  

On the walls in front of you are some of my favorites.   I took great joy in painting my lovelies, but just as there was a duality to my life, there is to these portraits as well.  In my exploits great care was taken to record the activities by whatever means was available at the time; be it still photography, tape recordings, motion pictures, video tape or digital recording.  These I used to later do the portraits.  My collection of memories I bequeath to you.

Now to the duality of the portraits.  It is important that you see these first.  My tastes were unusual and many would be appalled, horrified, offended and disgusted by them.  This being the case I have devised a method to minimize the issue.  The dual portraits are the only part of my collection of memories not contained in sealed trunks stored in the next room.  

When the dual portraits are revealed to you, you will see the expanse of my tastes.  If you are offended and do not wish to view, peruse, enjoy and perhaps even expand on the collection, then it will be a simple matter to destroy it.  In this room is an additional empty trunk.  The portraits and my Journals will fit into this trunk.  Take it and the others to the cellar.  You will find there a large metal plate covering a deep shaft.  Drop the trunks into the shaft.  The water in the shaft has a high sulphur content.  In each trunk is a box of chemicals which will react with the sulphur to create an acid solution.  Within a very short time the trunks and contents will be destroyed.

It is, however, my great hope you will not choose to do this, in which case you should open the trunks and remove the boxes of chemicals.  They are not dangerous by themselves but should nonetheless be disposed of properly.   While my activities would be considered by many to be sinful, all the youngsters and I did was done in a caring and loving manner and none ever expressed regret at the pleasures we shared.  As you will learn from my Journals, should you choose to read them, my students in the arts and pleasures of love went on to accomplish much.  Having vast resources, I was able to provide assistance as necessary to surmount obstacles.

The decision is now yours.  One hopes the pleasures enjoyed in this place will continue.  To your left you will see a sconce in the shape of an eagle.  Pull it out and rotate it away from you and the dual portraits will be revealed.

Though my life is ending, I have no regrets.  I have loved and been loved, given pleasure and received pleasure.  I have initiated, educated and assisted.  

My hope for you is that you love and be loved, that you give and receive pleasure, that you initiate, educate and assist as did I.  May your maidenheads be many and your love abundant.

Farewell,

Ellsworth L. Burkett
October 19, 1993"

I realized that at some point as I read I had begun to hold my breath.  I let it out with a "Whew!".  I was astounded by the revelations.  I started again and reread the entire letter and sat back to consider its contents.  I knew I was indeed interested in seeing the "duality portraits" and the rest of the collection as well.  As to my own sexual tastes, I had always had relationships with ladies near my own age, but I had started very early and had in fact been the first lover of quite a few of my playmates.  While relations with older women had been okay, those early memories had always been the sweetest and were exclusively the subject of my fantasies when masturbating.  This was further indicated by the strength of my desires while spying on the little girl masturbating in the treehouse earlier that day.  In fact, just reading the letter had given me a hardon.  I looked down to see precum oozing from the head.  I knew I would have to take matters into my own hands soon.  

But first I wanted to see what the "duality" was all about.  I looked over at the eagle-shaped sconce, grasped it firmly, tugged it out and turned it away from me.  I had no idea what would happen.  I waited and after a moment the portrait to the far left on the wall began to swivel in the center.  My jaw dropped when the hidden side came into view.  The painting was of the same little girl, a lovely child with dark curly tresses.  She was still sitting on the swing in the gazebo, but now she was nude.  Her legs were hooked behind the ropes from which the swing was suspended, spreading her limbs widely.  

Her face was bathed in a huge smile as she had posed for the artist.  Her delicately formed hands were cupping her vulva, devoid of hair.  Long thin fingers had pulled the lips of her labia apart and the artist had rendered a true vision of beauty in the shiny pleasure bud revealed.  The delicate pink tissues glistened invitingly and I could almost detect a hint of white at the center, as though she had recently received a load of cum that was trying to escape from her delightful tunnel.  In fact, her barely budding breasts were flushed prettily, as was the chest area between.  I knew from experience that some ladies get the same flush when they reach orgasm.

As though with a mind of its own, my hand crawled down to encircle my dick, sliding up and down, coating it with lubrication flowing from the tip.  Involuntarily my tongue snaked from my mouth, wanting to dive deeply into the young girl's pussy.  I longed to taste her cum and suck out those delicious fluids, drinking her in and making her a part of my soul.  I was in love!

Just as my head began to spin in passion, the second portrait began to turn.  This lovely child was even younger than the first, perhaps eleven.  Straight black hair framed her oval face and almond eyes.  The oriental beauty was sitting demurely on one side but her wanton side was exposed when the picture rotated.  With her legs spread widely, the little girl was on her knees in the seat of the swing.  Her back was to the artist and her head was turned to look over her shoulder at him.  Her bald little twat was thrust backward and she had two fingers sunk deeply into her tiny cunt.  I wanted to jam my dick in there with her fingers just to see if they would all fit.  

The next  piece of erotic art turned into view as my hand began to move up and down my dick faster and faster.  I groaned as I saw one of the most beautiful faces in history, framed in long golden hair, obviously in the throes of orgasm.  The limber child had her feet locked behind her head, splaying her pussy open widely.  I could actually see the soft pink flesh deep inside her as she stimulated her engorged clit.  Her love button was so long she was grasping it between two fingers and jacking it like a dick.  It was more than I could stand!  Again and again my hand flew up and down my cock, lubrication flowing in greater quantity than ever before.  I imagined myself buried deep in the hot, sweet pussy of the oriental child while I jammed my tongue into the dark-haired little girl's pussy, sucking out her cum and that which had been left there by another, while the blonde slipped between my legs and tongued my balls.  

My eyes closed to slits as I felt the wonderful stirring in my balls that meant I was about to unload.  My fantasy was complete when the cum came blasting from my cock, a jet spurting each time my hand came up the shaft.  Again and again I poured my load up inside my little China Doll.  Again and again I felt the tongue of the blonde lapping at my sac.  Again and again I shoved my tongue deep inside my brunette darling.  Oh, God, it was one of my best orgasms, ever!  And there was not even a woman in the room!

Without looking up at the portraits, just in case another had turned, I reached to my left and returned the sconce to its upright position.  This caused the portraits to swivel back into place.  I did not want to see any more that night.  They were so wonderful I wanted to enjoy them fully, something I could not do with cum puddling in little ponds across my belly and chest.  I went back up the stairs and into a bathroom to clean up.  

The next morning I awoke thinking about the little girl in the treehouse.  Somehow I would have to get to know her.  I thought about it while making breakfast and came up with an idea.  I hoped the child would decide to play in the treehouse again that day!

Knowing I was behind on my schedule for my new book, I went upstairs to my office.  I checked out the treehouse, but there was no activity yet.  I finished a chapter and was reviewing it when I saw the little girl appear through the bushes surrounding the tree supporting her playplace.  Letting the chapter wait, I began to execute my plan.  One of the few things I had added to the house was a couple of  cushioned futons that could be used as a chair or unfolded into a lounge.  They were essentially just rectangular blocks of foam rubber with zippered covers.  The two edges of the covers had been sewed together and acted as a hinge.  I peeled the cover back from one pad, took my electric carving knife and began to carve.  When finished I had created a cavity in the center of the foot thick cushion that could not be detected by sitting on it.

I filled the hidden cavity with what I deemed appropriate, then gathered the remaining tools of my plot and went out the back.  Wearing sunglasses, I was able to watch the treehouse without the little girl knowing.  I put the lounge seat at the bottom of the ladder without ever seeing her peek at me.  Perhaps her fluttering fingers were already at work?

I walked over a bit from the tree until I was in the line of sight from my office to the shed.  Taking a hatchet, I began chopping down small trees and lopping off branches to clear the view.  From the corner of my eye I saw a head with long brown hair pop up into the window with a startled look.  Every time I turned toward the tree she dropped down out of sight.  I walked back and forth, pruning as necessary until the line of sight was cleared, whistling as I worked.  I began to sweat, so I took off my t-shirt, baring my fairly well-developed chest and arms.  Wearing only cutoff jean shorts and sneakers now, I was barely covered.  I saw the little girl begin to look interested as she watched me from in hiding.  Finally, I walked back over to the ladder and tied a line around the lounge seat.  Taking the other end of the line in my hand, I climbed the ladder.

When my head cleared the opening in the floor of the treehouse a tremulous voice said, "You can't come up here!"  I grinned at the implication, since she had certainly "cum up here" the previous day. 

"Well, sweetheart, there are two people here and one of them owns this treehouse.  Which one do you think that is?"

"Oh, okay... I'm sorry.  I'd better leave."

"You don't have to leave.  I don't mind if you play up here.  Treehouses are for kids.  In fact I've got something that will make it even better for you.  Go over to the edge and catch this rope when I swing it up,"  I instructed with a disarming grin. 

She complied with my orders and after several swings she caught the line.  I climbed the rest of the way into the treehouse, swinging my legs around and sitting on the floor.  The little darling's eyes darted to my crotch and remained glued there as I scooted across to her.  I stood up, knowing that the leg opening of the shorts would flare, allowing her to see my bikini underwear, tightly bulging with my already-stiffening dick.

"Nice view from up here, huh?" I commented.  She was staring intently at my crotch.  I looked down at her and said, "But I bet you like the view better from the side windows, don't you?"  She looked confused for a moment, then glanced over at the opening she had leaned so far out of the day before.  Realization was dawning on her face when I interrupted her thoughts.

"Let's get this thing up here.  I'll pull it up and when it gets to the edge, you grab it and drag it in, okay?"  

She nodded her head, the long, straight hair bobbing.  "Wow, what is that thing?" she asked.

"You'll see as soon as I get it up here.  It's pretty cool.  I think you're going to like it."

When it came into reach she leaned out for it, almost losing her balance.  Afraid she was going to fall, I hung onto the rope with one hand and grabbed the back of her shorts with the other.  As I supported her body and pulled her back, the shorts rode up into the crack of her finely curved bottom, revealing the edges of two pretty pink cheeks.

"Darlin' you're going to give me a heart attack!  You have a bad habit of leaning too far out, y'know that?  You fall out of this tree and your mom and dad will sue me silly!  Now if I'm gonna give you permission to play here you have to promise to be careful, okay?"

She looked chagrined and nodded, "Yes, sir.  Hey!  How would you know I have a habit of leaning out too far?"

"Nevermind that right now and don't call me Sir!  I'm not THAT much older than you are!  Now help me get this monster in here."  I slid my hand out of the back of her shorts, feeling the top three inches of her crack as I did.  We managed to get the lounge into the treehouse.  She looked down at it.

"I still don't know what it is!"

"It's a seat.  See,  you fold these two cushions on top of each other, and this round one up like this and it becomes a chair," demonstrating.  "Then you unfold it like this and put the round one over like this and you can lay out flat on it like a bed.""WOW!  Way cool!  Are you going to leave it up here?"

"Sure, these pillows and cushions look uncomfortable and I had an extra of these so it seemed like a good idea.  Now I need to check out something over here."  I got up and went over to the side window.  She got up and joined me.

"By the way, my name is Wil," I said, holding out my hand.  She shook hands awkwardly, mumbling "Pleasedtameetcha. I'm Marie."

I looked down at the branches and started pointing, "That one's gotta go, and that one... that one just needs a trim, and... yeah, I think that one's a goner too."

She leaned way out, trying to see what I was talking about.  I reached my arm across her chest, feeling the soft nubbin of her barely developed breast under my palm.  I slid that hand under her left arm and put the other under her right, turning her toward me.  The heels of my hands were pressing the sides of her delicate girlflesh.  "Marie!" I scolded sternly.  "What part of 'Be careful' did you not understand?  Maybe you really don't want to be allowed to play up here!"

She grabbed at my arms.  "No! No! I'll be more careful, I promise!  I was just trying to figure out what you were pointing at."

"Well, alright... but you do that one more time and I'm going to tan that pretty behind for you.  Maybe paddle some sense into you.  I was pointing at branches that have to be cut from the trees."

She looked out the window, confused.  "But why do you want to cut them?"

"To get them out of the way so you won't have to lean out so far to see when that boy and girl are making out in the shed.  If I cut those branches you can peek without giving me ulcers from worrying about you."

"What...?? How did...???  You saw...??  How...??  Where...???"  she sputtered.

I took her by the shoulders and turned her to the open side of the treehouse.  "See the round part of the house on top?" I asked her.  She nodded.  "From there I can see the treehouse and the shed.  While ago I trimmed the branches that kept me from seeing the kids after they laid down.  It looked to me like you were having the same problem because you were leaning out of the window very far trying to see them.  I'm going to trim these branches so you won't have to lean out so far."

"You were watching them, too?" she whispered, looking out the window at the shed.  Then she turned back to the open side and realization flooded her face.  "But that means you could see me, too!  OH, NO!  DID YOU WATCH ME?"

I grinned and nodded.  I was shocked when her face turned beet red and she burst into tears, her hands covering her face as she sobbed.  It occured she was embarassed at being observed masturbating by a man.  I sat down on the lounge seat and pulled her into my lap, hugging her gently and softly rubbing the small of her back to comfort her.

She put her arms around my neck and cried into my shoulder for a few minutes.  As she gained control of herself, I began talking softly into her ear.

"Sweetheart, you don't have anything at ALL to be embarassed or ashamed about.  Everyone does what you were doing.  Masturbation is normal and healthy.  It relieves sexual tension whenever you want it to.  I think you're just upset because I watched you do it.  I understand that and maybe I was wrong to watch you.  It was an invasion of your privacy and I'm sorry.  But, sweetheart, when you started playing with yourself I couldn't help watching, it was so beautiful.  You are a beautiful young lady with a gorgeous body and I couldn't tear my eyes off you.  In fact, later that day I masturbated myself and thought of you while doing it." 

She snuggled in closer to me as I was comforting her.  I could feel the finely formed little asscheeks grinding into my hardening cock.  I hoped she noticed.  She sniffled as she calmed down, so I pulled out a handkerchief and gave it to her.  She blew her nose delicately and leaned her head against mine.  I stroked her long brown hair.

"You..[sniff] you really think I have a good body?" she fished.

"You most certainly do!  I was watching through binoculars so I couldn't see that well, but from what I could see it's gorgeous!  You are one of the most beautiful young ladies I have ever had the pleasure of seeing naked and I can assure you, you'll be one of the most beautiful women when you grow and develop a little more.  How old are you now?"

"I'll be twelve in January."

"Wow!  You are already well-developed for a twelve-year-old and you're only eleven and a half.  When you start playing with the boys you are going to drive them NUTS!"

"But I don't have much boobs yet."

"Well, let's see," I said, pulling the fabric of her t-shirt tight across her unfettered little mounds.  "For eleven and a half they look pretty good to me."  I was amazed to see the little nipples crinkle and swell in pleasure.  She squirmed on my lap again and my dick enjoyed the sensation.

She ran her hands across her breasts and looked at me shyly.  "Would you like to see them?"

"Sweetheart, I would love to see them, but only of you want me to.  Always remember that you have the right to control what happens.  You NEVER have to do anything you don't want to do, with anyone at any time.  Do you understand that?"

She nodded her head, wide-eyed.  "Then I would be most honored if you wish to show me your breasts."

She got up and straddled my leg.  With a most innocent smile, she lifted the edge of her t-shirt, slowly drawing it upward.  First the curved underside of her nubbins appeared, then the peach-half swellings, finally capped by the most precious little pointed nipples surrounded by slightly darker aeroles.  I moaned softly as the wonderful sight was revealed.  Each tiny breast would fill no more than my palm.  I longed to touch them.

"Oh, baby, you have such pretty breasts!" I exclaimed softly.  The nipples again crinkled with happiness.  "May I kiss them?"  She nodded.

I leaned forward, letting the tip of my tongue caress the nipple of her left titty.  I ran the tip around and around, wetting the surface.  Then I pulled back slightly and blew a gentle stream of air across it.  The entire breast seemed to expand and she sighed in pleasure.  I placed my lips around the nipple and drew it in, all the while laving the flesh with my tongue.  I drew in more and more until my mouth covered her entire boob.  I had sucked tits before but never the whole thing at once.  I chewed very gently, pushing the sweet tissues around my mouth with my teeth and tongue.  Marie now had her hands behind my head and was pulling my face to her chest tightly.  The little girlchild was definitely enjoying the attention to her delicate buds.  

I came up for air, kissing my way up her chest to her neck.  She giggled as my lips and tongue tickled her earlobe.  I kissed around to her cheek, then pulled back to look into her eyes.

"Sweetheart, have you ever been kissed by a guy?"  She shook her head no.

"I want to kiss you.  May I?"

"Oh yes!  I want to kiss you too!"

Leaning in, I pressed my lips gently against hers, then a little harder.  As though born to it, her arms came up to encircle my neck and she pressed her naked brests against my chest.  I sought entrance with the tip of my tongue and her lips and teeth parted.  I explored her mouth for a few moments, then plunged my tongue deeply into her throat.  Our tongues performed a mighty dance.  She surprised me by taking the initiative to slide her tongue into my mouth.  Her passion was building as she flashed her taster around my mouth in exploration.  She was moaning and grinding against me as we made out.

Finding it necessary to breathe, I broke the kiss.  She seemed a little disappointed.  I made my way back down her body to her other breast and gave it equal attention to that awarded to its twin.  Then I sucked her entire breast into my mouth and let it slowly withdraw until I had just the nipple clenched gemtly between my teeth.  I pulled back as far as I could without losing it, then shook it gently side to side as she whimpered.

Her abused nipple finally escaped, snapping back to her chest, causing the soft, fluid flesh to quiver in gentle waves.  I licked the delicate undercurves of both lovely mounds, then dragged my tongue downward, following a happy trail to her navel, dipping my tongue into the depression and circling outward.  The little passion doll squirmed under my stimulations.  From her bellybutton I continued downward, licking her soft, tanned skin in ever-widening circles.  

Finally I reached the waistband of her jean shorts.  My taster traced a path from one hip to the other and back to the center, making her writhe under my face.   I stared at the snap of her shorts, then grabbed the edge of her fly and tugged gently several times.  I lifted my head and again looked into the child's eyes.

"Please?" I whispered.  Without a word or a moments hesitation, Marie reached down and unfastened the snap and drew down the zipper.  I looked down at pink cotton little girl panties festooned with roses and bunnies.  I buried my nose against the botton of the zipper opening and inhaled.  I caught the clean scent of passion mixed with a hint of womanly musk.  I could not wait to taste this child.

Reaching up, I separated the fly and pulled the shorts off by turning them inside out, leaving her dressed only in her cotton panties and sneakers with pink socklets (to match the panties, of course).  She assisted the effort by raising her hips at just the right moment, as though it was an everyday occurrance to have a man remove her pants.  Running my hands along the outside of her legs, I straightened them together and lifted them up, bending the nymphet at the waist.  Using one hand I took one of her hands and placed it behind her knee.  She caught on to the idea and joined it with the other to keep her limbs bent upward over her head.  I stared at the pink fabric caught deeply in the child's crack and followed it upward to where it disappeared between her legs.

My fingers began at the back and slowly rolled the waistband upward, exposing those bodacious buns a milimeter at a time.  When the top of her behind was uncovered, I sank my tongue into the crack.  As her behind became more and more bare my tongue danced across every surface presented.  I leaned back to enjoy the view as I continued to roll the panties, uncovering more and more of her precious ass until the delicate little rosebud of her pink anus came into view.  Like the sun rising on a spring morning I finally began to see the beginnings of  her vulva, split by her valley of delight.  

I gazed in ecstacy at the sight of her tiny pussy as it became fully visible.  I stopped and drank in the view.  Wondering at my inactivity, the little darling took the initiative away by pulling the rolled up underwear the rest of the way down her legs, leaving them dangling from her toes.

"Do you like it?" she asked as I stared at her hairless mound of delight.

"It's the most beautiful sight I have ever seen," I responded, watching as she flushed in pleasure from the compliment.  "My I kiss it?" I asked.  She quickly nodded.

I leaned in and sniffed, the warm musky scent of her sexual center wafting through my nostrils.  The sensual pleasure of her odor caused my cock to throb and leak precum.  I could feel it sliding around my dick in my underwear.  

Upon close inspection I could see the fine beginnings of what would someday be her pubic bush.  Downy, tiny hairs lined the soft split in her vulva.  I let my tongue close in and barely brush these.  Marie shivered and her babysoft cunt convulsed.  I spread her legs wider and her hooded clit peeked out of the crease dividing her center.

I rolled her back and put her hands behind her knees so she could hold her position.  The gorgeous, almost twelve year old, darling was now exposed from stem to stern.  Her babyfat buns were spread, exposing a delightful little pucker connected to a now spread-open pussy.  I could see the opening of her vagina as well as the tip of her clit starting to emerge.

With a slow, steady movement I placed my tongue at the top of her asscrack, then drew it up across her tiny asshole, pausing to swirl briefly. Then I dipped deeply into her cunt, my tongue bumping into her unviolated maidenhead.  Finally I slid my taster up across, then around and around her tiny clitoral bud, causing the child to writhe and moan in pleasure.


CHAPTER TWO


"Oh, yesssss, Wil, that feels sooooo gooooood!" the child moaned softly. "Lick it some more, please, stick your tongue in me again, it feels great!"  Her fingers stretched her labia even wider, allowing me to see the soft ring at the entrance to her pussy clenching and pulsing with passion.  I delved my tongue ever deeper into her, finally running it around and around her untouched hymen.  The tissue was so tightly stretched I feared she would tear it by accident.  I certainly did not want that to happen, since I had very specific plans for that useless piece of flesh.  

I put my hands behind her spread knees and began to gently rock her body on the futon, causing my tongue to travel back and forth from her tight little asshole up through her furrow and across her shiny little clit, eliciting a sharp yelp each time my tongue caressed that sensitive nubbin.  Lubricating juices began to flow from her split, covering my face as I enjoyed this virgin child.  

Knowing she was swiftly building to a peak of passion, I began to slow the rocking as I did not yet want her to reach climax.  Finally I rested my tongue at the entrance to her delicate brown pucker, slowly circling it as she gasped.  Her delicious fluids continued to flow from her, spilling down to her ass and coating my tongue.  I stiffened my taster and began to wiggle it into her clenching asshole, tonguefucking my darling until I was inserting a good inch into her on each thrust.  She was gasping from the sensation of the penetration.  I moved back up until I could dart my tongue all around her clit without touching it.  It was now time for the grand finale.

I flattened my tongue and very slowly drew it across her clit, pulling a low keening whine from her.  Again and again I lapped at her center, taking her ever higher.  Then I carefully slid my thumb into her sweet pussy and could tell she was ready to burst.  Suddenly I began to furiously lick her clit, faster and faster until she approached the peak.  As this eleven year old child began her orgasm, I placed my index finger at her back door and in one smooth motion slid it into her rectum to the second knuckle.  The motion was painless due to my previous tonguefucking and the lubrication her tiny pussy so generously provided.  As her cum washed over her again and again she bucked against me and her hands clenched in my hair, pressing my face harder into her.  Her tiny asshole was grabbing at my finger, drawing it in more and more until it was buried.  I continued to lick her clit and then began to buttfuck her with my finger in steady strokes.  She came again and again, sweet juice flowing from her as I drank my fill.  Finally she could stand no more and I saw her eyes roll back in her head as she passed out and collapsed.  I sucked her pussy nearly dry, drinking the precious preteen nectar of this virgin child.

I gently removed my finger from her behind and moved up on the futon.  I picked her up and cuddled her in my lap, softly stroking her luscious blond hair and licking my lips so as to not lose the taste of her first man-induced orgasm.

After a few minutes her beautiful blue eyes fluttered open and she greeted me with a glorious smile.

"Oh, Wil, thank you, thank you, thank you.  That was the best thing that EVER happened to me.  It was sooooooo wonderful!  Especially at the last when you put your finger in my behind!  I thought I was going to DIE and I wouldn't have cared, it was soooooo gooooooood!"  She got up and I again admired her beautiful prepubscent body as she turned toward me.  She sat back down, straddling my legs facing me.  I felt her ravished pussy rub against my rockhard cock as she leaned in to kiss me.  She covered my face and neck with kisses as she murmured, "Oh, now I want to learn EVERYTHING.  Will you teach me, Wil, PLEASE?  I want to know and feel everything.  I want you to put your thing in me, OK Wil?  I want to do to you what Lisa was doing to Tommy yesterday, OK Wil?  I want to see you naked, Wil!  Can I please take off your pants?  I want to see your thing.  I can feel it under me and it feels sooo big and hard.  Can I, Wil? Huh? Can I?" She pleaded like a kid at a toy store.

I nodded and she flew from my lap and got down on her knees.  She reached up and unsnapped my shorts, tugging impatiently at the waistband, jerking my shorts down as I lifted my butt to assist.  Her lovely eyes widened as she saw the bulge in my briefs.  "Oh, my!" she whispered looking into my eyes with unbridled lust, then back down to the bulge.  Her tiny hands reached up and ran across my dick. "Oooooooooooo, it feels HOT!  I want to SEE IT!" she cried and began to tug at my underwear. 

The virgin child moaned when she pulled the briefs down enough to reveal the blood-engorged head of my dick, precum oozing from the tip.  "WOW!  That's BIG!  Will it ever fit inside me?" she asked tremulously.  Seeming to want to prolong the suspense, she slowly pulled the waistband down.  About halfway down she gulped and looked up at me and said, "Does it EVER end? I didn't know they were THIS big!"  Being a normal male, I thoroughly enjoyed her comments on size, although I knew she had no frame of reference to compare.

Finally she uncovered the full eight inches and I again lifted by rear to allow her to remove the briefs.  My eleven year old darling sat back on her haunches and stared at my cock for a few moments as it bounced slightly with my breathing and heartbeat.  Then she leaned in until her face was almost touching me, examining my dick closely.  One finger snaked up to touch the tip and she giggled prettily when my cock jumped on its own.  She amused herself for a bit by making it react so, having a good time.

"We were both watching Lisa when she put Tommy's thing in her mouth.  Would you like for me to do that to you, Wil?"  "I certainly would, Marie.  You have to be careful with your teeth, though, and be gentle with my balls because they are very sensitive."

She looked confused.  "What are BALLS?" she asked.

I spread my legs so she could see my scrotum clearly and lifted it so she could see the testicles moving around.  I took her hand and placed my nuts in her palm.  She jiggled them gently and grinned.  "Way Cool!" she said.  "What are they for?"

"Balls, or testicles, are where a man makes sperm.  You remember the stuff the came out of Tommy's cock and went all over Lisa's face?"  She nodded.  "That was sperm.  That's what makes babies.  When a sperm comes together with a girl's egg just right, it starts a baby growing in her.  By the way, have you started your periods yet?  "YUUUCCCHHHH! NO!" she replied.  "My aunt told me about that and I'm sure not looking forward to it either!"

"Well, it's only important now because you can't get pregnant until after you have your first period.  After that we have to be a lot more careful. "Why did Lisa let that stuff, uh, sperm, get all over her face?"

"Well, you know how you felt when I was licking your little pussy? "OH, YESSSS!"

"Well, that's called an orgasm, or cumming, and when a guy cums, sperm shoots out.  Some girls like the taste of cum and swallow it and others take it in their mouth and then spit it out.  Then some girls like to have it shoot all over them.  I personally like it when the girl lets me shoot my cum down her throat and swallows it.  But it's always up to the girl to decide what she wants to do."

I could see the wheels turning in her gorgeous head as she considered this.  "I'm going to swallow it!" she said firmly.  "You made me feel so good and are so nice, I'm going to do anything you want!"  I liked the sound of THAT!

Marie leaned in again and examined my cock closely, grasping it with one hand as she moved it to see all sides.

 "There's already some stuff coming out of it!  Is that sperm?"

 "That's called pre-cum.  It helps make a girl's pussy slick so it can slide in easier," I told her.

  "Are you going to put it in my little pussy?"  she asked hopefully.

 "Not yet, maybe next time."

"Well, what should I do first?

 "Well, why don't you put it in your mouth and suck on it a little?"

 "OK, I'll try.  I don't want to hurt you."

 "Just try it.  Lick around the top first, then put it in your mouth and suck gently."

 She bent her head down and did as I said.  I almost came from the sight of the little 11 year old's tongue swirling around the glans.  I reached out and put my hand on her left breast.  She barely had any breasts at all, just a swelling topped by small nipples that were distended with passion.  I lightly pinched her little pointed nipples as her head moved up and down on my dick.
 
This child was a natural born cocksucker and was beginning to really get into it, sliding my cock deeply into her virgin throat and licking her tongue around it at the
same time.  I moaned from the feeling.  I reached around behind her and slid my fingers into her little hairless crack, moving them slickly up and down through the cum that was still dripping from her little pussy.  She wiggled her ass on my fingers and I started sliding them up against her clit again.  She moved her ass even faster on my fingers.  I extended one finger and put it into her pussy, sliding it in till it bumped her cherry.  I fingerfucked the little virgin hole without damaging her hymen, as she continued to suck on my cock.
 
I was about ready to shoot my load, but I didn't want to cum in her mouth just yet, so I grasped her head and pulled her lips off my cock.

"Let's do something that will feel good to both of us,"

I told her. "Put your legs across me and rub your pussy on my cock."
 
She threw one leg over me, straddling my cock.  I reached down and spread her bald little cuntlips so her clit would be touching my dick.  I pulled her down to my chest and
kissed her, running my tongue deeply into her mouth.  She moaned as she started bucking her clit against my cock.
 
Her love juices had us well lubricated, and she slid her cunt against my dick furiously.  Her little cuntlips were grasping my cock, stimulating it almost like being in a pussy.  Marie's eyes started rolling back in her head as I could tell she was close to cumming again.  The sliding of her hairless pussy against my cock had me close to cumming
again as well.  I pushed her back up so her weight would push her clit tighter against my cock.  She bucked madly as I reached up and pinched both of her pointy little nipples.  I could see a flush appear on her flat chest as she started to cum again, bucking her cunt on my cock even higher.

 "OH, OH, OH, here it comes again..... it feels soooooo GOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDD!" She squealed as she reached the peak again, flooding my dick with her cum.  

She didn't pass out this time, but just kept sliding her virgin puss on my dick as she eased down from her peak.  She leaned in and kissed me, our tongues doing a furious love dance.  She put her forehead against mine with our noses touching and said, "Wil, you have made me feel so good and already taught me so much.  Now it's your turn.  I'm going to suck you until you shoot your sperm in my mouth and I'm gonna swallow every drop!"

"GREAT, Baby, but how about this.  You scoot up here and put your pussy on my mouth and then suck me.  There's nothing I like better than eating a girl's cum, so let me lick you while you suck me.  It's called "69'ing" and it's really great.  If we are lucky, you can cum again and we can eat each other's cum at the same time."

"I don't know if I can stand another cum, but I'm willing to try if you are!"

I don't think I will ever see a more beautiful sight than that of a sweet eleven year old cum-drenched virgin pussy descending on my face.  I felt her lips close around the head of my dick just as my tougue spreared into that delicious hole.

"Hmmmmm, I heard her murmur.  I can taste my cum on you.  I do taste pretty good!"

I rocked my head back and forth, letting my tongue traved its favorite road - from her puckered asshole up to her clit.  Every time I slashed it across her clit she yelped and took me deeper into her throat until she was riding the entire shaft.  This inexperienced child was already able to deep throat eight inches!  Like I said, a natural-born cocksucker!

I was amazed when I felt her move my legs back and put them behind her elbows.  Then I felt her tiny tongue exploring my scrotum, bouncing my balls back and forth, then gently taking each one in her mouth and tonguewashing them.  Then I was further delighted and amazed when I felt a sharp tip of babygirl tongue begin to circle my back door.  I almost came when she speared the entrance and shoved a half inch of tongue up my asshole.  She was returning the favor!  The tonguefucked my ass for a few minutes, then with a soft growl engulfed my dick into her tiny throat, sliding all the way down in one smooth motion.  I felt the cum boiling in my balls as she kept up the steady strokes from the tip all the way down.  

"Here it cums, Baby!" I told her as I buried my tongue in her, lapping furiously again at her clit as she sucked me.  Her pussy bucked against my face and I again slurped down her sweet cum.  On an upstroke she received the first blast of cum from my balls and instinctively buried my dick deeply in her throat and began swallowing.  Then to my amazement the little devil slipped a finger tip into my asshole and wiggled it!  I had the most intense orgasm of my life as the swallowing motions milked my dick dry.  The sweet child did not lose a single drop as I drank her cum directly from the source.  

"Wil, I LOVE doing things with you.  You make me feel SSOOOO GOOD!"  the virgin eleven-year-old said as she twirled her fingers in my chest hair.  "I can't wait to feel your cock inside my little pussy.  Will you please fuck me next time, Wil, promise?"

"Sweet Marie, I am going to fuck you till you scream for mercy!  I'm going to slide it all the way up you over and over again till you cum again and again, then I'm going to eat your pussy and suck all your cum out and swallow it!"

"Ooooooooooooooo," she shivered.  "I can't WAIT!"

Just then we faintly heard the sound of a man's voice shouting, "Marie Nichole, you better get home now!"

"OHMYGOD!" Marie cried.  "That's Daddy!  I was supposed to be home in time to go to Gramma's!  Now I'll probably get a whipping!"  She flew around the treehouse gathering her clothes and jumping in to them.

"I'll see you later, Wil.  Don't forget your promise!"  And with that she disappeared down the ladder hole.  


CHAPTER THREE

As I admired the leather-bound cover of the journal in my lap, I glanced back up at the bookshelf.  Over twenty volumes still awaited me.  I felt as though I was embarking on an adventure.  It indeed proved to be true.

"June 11, 1921,"  I read.  "Having completed the construction of my manse and estate, I now undertake to achieve my intentions of an erotic life.  This journal and others will chart the course I have taken and the events celebrated.  At noon today I travel to Nashville to take charge of my nieces, Cynthia and Daphne, and to begin their education in the art of love.  On her deathbed my sweet sister placed them in my charge and implored me to educate them as we had so joyfully educated ourselves so long ago.

Prior to the accident that led to her death my sister Honoria had led a libertine life in San Fransisco.  To her fine house on Nob Hill she took a succession of lovers, some for a short time and a few for more than a year at a time.  She seemed adept at ending the relationships as friends.  Two of these alliances had resulted in the births of the two nubile beauties even now drawing closer.  She told me she had chosen their fathers carefully, both for intelligence and beauty.  She had certainly chosen well.  Neither man was aware they had had children from the encounter by Honoria.  Having independent means by inheiritance, as did I, she felt no need to have them involved in the girls lives.  Besides, both are rather prominent in the Bay Area and public knowledge of such would prove embarrassing.

My home is situated near a small town some 20 miles from Nashville.  The estate is approximately 20 acres and I have had an eight foot brick wall constructed around the entire perimeter.  Those who live nearby (the closest a mile hence) think me odd and eccentric and I suppose they are right, considering my tastes.  I have made no close friends, although I am fairly well thought of as I contribute freely to the local economy and charitable ventures.  I have hinted my plan is to teach gifted art students on a residential basis, thus explaining the presence of youngsters and the need for such a large house.

Since I have many secrets built into my home, it was constructed with imported labor.  A team of Hungarian carpenters and craftsmen camped on the property while the buildings were under construction.  They had little contact with locals and with little English with which to communicate, I feel confident my secrets are safe.  I doubt many of the workmen could even find the house again if they so desired.  Only the chimneys are visible from the road and a few years growth on the trees will hide even that.  Ah, I must now depart for Nashville and the reunion with my beloved sister's daughters.


June 12, 1921

My sister's death a month before devastated me.  When I received word of her accident I had immediately hired an aeroplane to transport me to her side.  I arrived only a day before she succumbed to her injuries, yet I had time to talk with her at length about her wishes for her children.  I immediately found an attorney who arranged for a judge to come to the hospital to witness her statements granting custody to me.  The wheels of the judicial system were therefore well-greased when the end came.  It was agreed the children would stay with their governess for the remaining three weeks of the school year, then she would accompany them on the train to Tennessee.  After that we would decide whether her services would continue.

As I journeyed to the Nashville train station, I reflected on my new charges.  Cynthia, having just reached her twelfth birthday, was entering the first blush of womanhood.  Although the restrictive clothing of our time revealed little, I could tell her breasts were beginning to develop.  A tall, lithe lass, Cyn (as she was known) has beautiful blonde hair that cascades past her shoulders.  Lovely blue, slightly almond shaped eyes grace her face between high cheekbones that were prone ro blush prettily.  Her soft, sensuous lips part to show fine, even white teeth.  When concentrating, she has the habit of clenching the tip of her tongue between those fine porcelain teeth.  Cyn is quite aware of her feminity and considers herself a lady - holding herself quite reserved.

Daphne, on the other hand, is an unreserved bundle of joy.  On my last visit before my sister's accident she and I had become close.  One morning I was awakened by her bounding onto my bed to straddle my waist.  Wearing only a light sundress, she bounced on my lap to awaken me.  Having the habit of sleeping nude, we were separated only by the light silk sheet and the fabric of her juvenile pantaloons.  I was amazed to find my member becoming rigid as she moved on me.  Gradually she became aware of the hardness under her and began to move in such a fashion as to position herself so that it lodged between the lips of her unformed vagina.  Rocking back and forth, she seemed to be enjoying the ride and the stimulation provided, a small smile beaming from her as she looked at me with glazed eyes.

"Well, sweet child," I said. "Are you having fun riding the horsie?"

"Oh, oh, yes, yes!" she replied. "I LOVE riding horses. It makes me feel really good.  But Mama doesn't like for me to ride the way I like." she pouted.

"And how might that be, child?"

"She wants me to be ladylike and ride sidesaddle, but I like to ride like the boys do, just like I'm riding you! Giddyap!"

I thrust my hips up and down a few times at her urging, feeling my manhood sliding in the soft valley between my niece's legs.  She threw her head back and a film of dew appeared on her upper lip.  Finally, though I was thoroughly enjoying the play, I brought it to a halt, telling her it was time for me to rise and perform my morning ablutions. (I actually felt it was time for me to take matters into my own hands, so to speak.)  I ran her out of my room and went into the bathroom. Little Daphne's room was adjacent to mine, with a shared bathroom.  As I secured the door into her room I could hear her on the other side.  I quietly dropped to my knees and peered through the keyhole.  My vivacious ten-year-old niece was sitting at her dressing table on a padded bench, her side to me, brushing her long dark tresses, humming to herself.  After a moment she got up and disappeared and I was about to rise when I heard her door lock click.  She came back over to the bench and was about to sit down when she got a thoughtful look on her adorable face.

Suddenly, as though reaching a decision, she reached up under her sundress and pulled down her pantaloons.  Kicking them off with a delicate foot, she sat down astraddle the bench facing me and reached over to the dressing table.  She picked up a hand mirror with a long ridged handle about an inch in circumference.  She lifted herself slightly and I was delighted to see her place the handle on the bench between her legs.  I was even more delighted when she tucked her sundress up around her waist, revealing all her girlish charms.  I looked intently at the protuding putenda as she lowered herself on her plaything.  As she came down, her tiny fingers pulled at either side of her vulva and I could see the pink line of delicate tissue in her valley and the little hood protecting her clitoris.

She settled onto the handle and began to rock back and forth, imitating her movements on my cock only moments earlier.  I saw the handle begin to glisten as she sped her movements until she was sliding a good six inches over the ridges.  She started to pant as she enjoyed herself and I could hear her whispering something as she stimulated her privates.  I could not make out what she was saying until she reached down and lifted upward on the handle.

"Yes, yes, Uncle El, let me ride you like a horse!  Your thing feels so good!  Oh, Oh, yes, Uncle El, I love to ride you!  Giddyap, Uncle El, giddyap!"

Faster and faster she rode me in her imagination until finally she stopped and shuddered, her eyes closed as she reached her babygirl orgasm.  She leaned back with her hands on the bench behind her to support herself as she enjoyed the afterglow of her autoerotic exercise.  I gazed at her tiny cunt, now bubbling with her spend.

She started as she heard the voice of my sweet sister insistently calling her to breakfast.  She hurriedly jumped into her pantaloons and dashed out of the room.  I could not resist.  Unlocking the door, I entered her bedchamber and picked up the mirror.  I was amazed at the quantity of slick juice coating the instrument and was amused at the well-worn surface.  I put it to my lips and tasted the nectar my darling niece had left and enjoyed it so much I licked it clean, drinking down the sweet virgin spend and hoping I would someday be able to drink from the source.

Approaching the Nashville train station in my Pierce-Arrow I realized that wish would soon come true, as I intended to intoduce both my nieces to the art of love.  I parked the automobile and stood waiting on the platform as the train bearing my darlings approached.  I signaled a porter and informed him I would soon require his services to load baggage into my automobile.  As passengers poured from the cars I looked intently for my sister's daughters and their governess.  I walked down the line of cars, peering inside when I was assaulted by my ten-year-old niece running into me and hugging my waist.

"Oh Uncle El, I'm ever so glad to see you!" she cried. "I missed you so much.  Did you miss me?  The train trip was ever so exciting and we slept in Pullman berths, and ate in the dining car and I have several new friends and Cyn met a BOY and they made mooney-eyes at each other the whole trip, and..."

"DAPHNE! You mustn't rattle on so!  Conduct yourself as a lady!"  The voice of Kimberly Essex, the girls' governess scolded.  "I'm sorry, Mr. Burkett, I don't know what got into that child.  She has been making such good progress in becoming a lady."

"Welcome to Nashville, Miss Essex.  I trust your journey was enjoyable?  Think nothing of Daffy's exuberance as it is understandable under the circumstances.  Now let us locate Cynthia and make arrangements for the baggage."

We found Cyn in close conversation with a young man of about fourteen, again making "mooney-eyes" as Daphne put it.  When she saw me she greeted me with a short hug and chaste kiss on the cheek.  She introduced the young man as James Michael Daniels and I was impressed with his appropriate conduct.  He was traveling to a military academy about thirty miles from my home.  I gave Cynthia permission to continue her farewells while we attended to business.

I spent the next several minutes in discussion with the stationmaster arranging for the numerous trunks and crates to be shipped by a transport firm to my home and assisting the porter in loading those with the essentials for the girls and Miss Essex into the automobile.  I went over to Cynthia and drew her aside.

"You seem quite smitten with this young man, Cyn."

"Yes, I suppose I am," she replied gazing at him in adoration.  

"Well, I noticed an alcove just around the corner where a young lady could give an appropriate good-bye kiss without being observed if she so desired.  If that is your wish I would suggest you make haste as we must leave soon."

"Oh, thank you, Uncle El!  You don't mind?  I shan't be long!"

She excitedly dashed to the boy's side and whispered to him to follow her.  I moved to a vantage point I had noticed where I could observe unseen.  When the two children arrived in the alcove Cynthia put her arms around his neck and drew him into a deep passionate kiss.  They kissed for several mooments, the I was shocked to see my reserved, ladylike niece move his hands up to her budding breasts, then reach between his legs to grasp his manhood.  I wondered just how far these two lovers had gone on the journey, although I doubted they had found enough privacy on the train to consumate the relationship.

I heard a soft voice at my shoulder.  Miss Essex had come in search of us and had observed the indiscretion.  "OH, MY!" she gasped.  "What do you think of THAT!"

I turned to her and noticed her face was flushed.  "My dear, you will soon come to know that I do not adhere to most of society's conventions.  I believe love, both emotional and physical, is the most important aspects of human life and finding love in whatever form is our most important quest.  In the coming days you will learn more of what I mean.  I truly hope you can accept and enjoy my lifestyle, but if you find you cannot then we will part ways and I will be most generous so you will have means to begin whatever other endeavors you wish to pursue - so long as you remain discreet about what you have learned of me."

Her beautiful eyes widened at this and her well-endowed breast swelled as she gasped.  "I believe, sir, that this could become a most interesting experience!"

Without further discussion, we collected Cynthia and were on our way to that most interesting experience.


CHAPTER FOUR


Whew! I closed the leather-bound journal and looked at my watch.  It was after nine in the morning and I had plans I hoped would come (or cum) to fruition today.  My sweet Marie had left in such a hurry we did not have time to plan our next adventure, but I hoped she would arrive at the tree house this morning.

I went up to my office and got out my camera with the telephoto lens and checked it out - no Marie - DAMN!  Oh well... I went down to my fully equipped darkroom and spent the next hour and a half developing and making prints of the photos I had taken of the wonderful child masturbating.  By the time I finished my rock hard dick had slickened the inside of my shorts with precum.  I almost jacked off for relief, but I still had hopes for Marie.

After mounting, framing and hanging several of the best photos in my secret gallery, I climbed back up to my office.  Again admiring the lovely form of Lil Darlin', I was amazed how much she favored Marie.  Taking up the camera again, I opened the window slightly and focused on the treehouse.  Imagine my surprise when I saw that adorable preteen darling looking back at me through binoculars!  When she saw me looking at her, she spread her legs, reached down and pulled her shorts aside so I could again gaze at her untouched quim.  She ran her fingers through the valley several times while picking the binoculars back up.  I, of course, snapped several more frames for my collection.  I motioned for her to come to the house.  She nodded vigorously and clambered down the wooden ladder, again almost giving me a heart attack with her carelessness.

I watched as she began scurrying up the footpath to the rear of the house, then went down to meet her.  She was waiting at the sliding glass doors and leaped into my arms as soon as they opened.

"Oh, Wil, I missed you sooooo much!" she cried, smothering my face with kisses. "Daddy was so mad at me when I got home for being late, he took me in his room, took down my pants and PANTIES and tore my bare butt UP!  I was so afraid he would see my cum in my panties or even on me since it was running down my legs, but I guess he was concentrating on spanking me.  He whupped me so good it STILL BURNS!  Wanna see?"  And with that she dropped back to the floor, turned around, jerked her shorts down and bent over to moon me.  Her delectable ass was indeed still red from the drubbing she had taken.  I fell to my knees behind her.

"Oh, my poor baby, let me kiss it and make it better!"  I planted soft kisses on the injured flesh, then slid my tongue down the cleft of her behind until it reached her hairless pussylips.  I laved them with my taster while she shivered and shook in pleasure.

"Oooooooo, Wil, I'll take a whuppin' any day if I can get you to do that.  To tell you the truth, I almost came again while he was spanking me.  Isn't that weird?  The harder he spanked me the hotter my little pussy got.  I had to play with my clit in the backseat of the car on the way to Gramma's house.  My butt was burning BAD, but that seemed to make my cum better.  I had to go to the bathroom as soon as we got there to wipe the cum off my cunny and legs so nobody would see!"

"No, it's not weird, babygirl.  Pain is just on the other side of pleasure and many people use mild pain as a stimulant to pleasure.  It's called sado-masochism.  There are lots of games we can play with it.  The main thing to remember is that for it to be pleasurable, the one receiving the pain has to want it and be able to stop it when they want to."

"Really?  I don't understand."

Here, I'll show you."  I turned her around and placed my middle finger in her slit, sliding it across her clit.  She moaned softly and closed her eyes.  I bent my head down and sucked one tiny nipple into my mouth.  She writhed in ecstasy.  Then I took that succulent nubbin gently between my teeth and pulled her barely developing breast away from her body.

"Oh, God, Wil, that feels sooooooo gooooooooood!  Yes, bite my nipples, oh, oh, oh MY GOD, I'M CUUUUUUUMING!"  I held her under the arms as she collapsed against me, letting the abused flesh pop from my mouth.  I pulled her t-shirt up and over her head as she kicked her shorts off her feet and slipped out of her shoes.  I picked my naked baby lover up and carried her to a nearby sofa, cradling her in my lap.

"I see what you mean.  That was SO INTENSE!"

"You have a great deal to learn about sex and love, my sweet Marie.  But only if you want to.  You never have to do anything you don't want to do and can say 'STOP' anytime you want to.  You are a beautiful, passionate young lady and I love what we've done together, but I want you to always know you are in control and can stop it any time you wish, OK?"

My little preteen sweetheart looked very solemn for a moment as she considered.  Then she said, "Wil, I think I'm very lucky to have you as a teacher.  I know you would never hurt me.  Some of my girlfriends have told me about guys being mean and hurting them.  One of my friends was raped recently, and she was only 10!  I want to play with you and fuck you and let you teach me everything.  Then if I don't like something, I'll tell you, but I want to do EVERYTHING at least once!  So what are we going to do today?"

"In a minute.  Tell me about your friend that was raped.  What happened?"

"My friend Christie, she's 10 like I said - almost eleven - well, her sister was dating this guy Kevin - she's 16, Judy - Christie's sister.  Christie liked Kevin and when he would wait on Judy, Christie would flirt with him.  Then he started kissing and hugging her.  Judy didn't know what was going on - nobody did.  Then a couple of weeks ago Kevin asked Christie to meet him at the softball field after dark.  She just thought he wanted to kiss and hug.  She didn't know anything about sex much, just knew that kissing Kevin was exciting and naughty.  Anyway, she slipped out and went to meet him.  She said he started kissing her, then touching her behind.  Then he started feeling her little pussy!  She wanted him to stop, but he wouldn't.  She told me then he put his hand down the front of her pants and stuck his finger in her and she said it hurt her BAD!  Then he pulled her pants and panties down and pushed her down on her knees, got behind her, stuck his cock in her and fucked her.  She said she was crying and telling him to stop but he wouldn't.  He came in her pussy, then told her if she told anyone, he would tell Judy that it was Christie's idea and that she was trying to steal her sister's boyfriend.  She was so hurt and scared she hasn't told anyone about it but me."

"MY GOD!  That little girl must be so hurt and confused.  This could ruin her for the rest of her life!  I'm gonna have to do something about that asshole!  Find out everything you can about him, what kind of car he drives, where he lives, where he works, like that... Do you have a camera?"

"Yeah."

"Try to get a picture of him for me.  I can develop the film here.  I've got a good darkroom."

"Really?  So, what are you going to do?"

"I'm going to teach that worthless piece of SHIT what it feels like to be hurt and helpless, and maybe help that little girl heal."

"Ooooooooo, that sounds like FUN!  Can I help?"

"I'm depending on it!  When the time comes, I'll need you to convince Christie to come over here with you.  If she sees what I'm going to do to him, maybe it'll help her get over her terrible experience."

"You know I'll do whatever you want me to, Wil.  I trust you completely!"

She put her arms around my neck and turned her face up for a kiss.  I obliged with fervor.

After a while of increasingly passionate petting I finally came up for air.  "WHEW!  We better slow down, babycakes, or I'm gonna blow my load before I even get my dick out of my pants!"

"I know..." she giggled as she wiggled her delicious ass on my lap.  "I can feel it!  C'mon, let's play!"  With that she slid from my lap, dropped to her knees in front of me and fumbled with my belt, finally freeing it, unsnapping my shorts, unzipping me and delving her hand under my briefs to free my tool.

"Oooooo, it IS ready!  Look at it drooling.  I want a taste!"  Her head bent over me as she took me in her mouth, sliding my dick down her throat until her nose was nestled in my pubic bush.  Flattening her tongue, she drew it back up the underside, compressing the urethra.  An enormous glob of precum spilled on her tongue as she neared the top.  She showed me the pool of slick juice puddled on her taster, then rose to kiss me, darting her tongue into my mouth and sharing my fluid.  Our tongues swirled slickly around each other as we enjoyed our feast.

Finally we separated.  "Marie, I have several things planned for today.  The first is a tour of the house.  Would you like that?"  

"Oh, yes! It's beautiful!  But first, I want you naked like me!"  She quickly divested me of my clothing.  I put my arm over her shoulder and carressed her nipples as we began the tour.  

"This is what I call the 'patio room' since it opens on the patio," I told her of the thousand square foot room she had entered.  "It has several conversation areas with sofas and pillows, a large screen TV with VCR, a great sound system, a wet-bar and such.  I plan to hold parties here eventually."

"Now down the hall here is one of my favorite places." I opened the door to reveal the sauna, huge jaccuzzi and heated pool, all covered in beautiful mosaic tile in lovely patterns and designs.  "We'll come back here at the end of the tour."

I showed her the fully-equipped gymnasium, game room with pool table and other games, darkroom and art studio, but held off showing her the secret gallery and what I called the 'playroom' for the moment.  Then we went up to the main floor, with its nine bedrooms - each with its own luxury bath, library, kitchen, formal dining room, living room and other small accessory rooms.

"Now I want to show you my favorite place, because it's where I discovered you!"  I led her up the staircase to my office.  She gasped and turned slowly, looking out the 360 degree view.  Then she ran across the room and said, "I bet this is the place you looked at me from!  I can see the treehouse from here!"

I moved behind her and put my arms around her, my dick falling into the crevice of her tiny behind.  "You're right, darling.  This is where I saw you playing with your adorable pussy after you watched Lisa give Tommy a blowjob.  See?  You can see the shed now, since I cut back the branches.  Maybe we can catch them doing stuff again.  I've got my video system up here now and it has a great telephoto lens, so I can videotape them, too."

"Oooooo, I can't wait!  Maybe we can even shoot them FUCKING!" she said excitedly.  "I would sure like to see that!  I've never seen anyone fuck before.  That's why I was trying so hard to see them when I was in the treehouse!"

"Well, now you can see them without breaking your pretty neck.  Y'know that would be pretty neat... filming them making love while you watch from the treehouse and play with your pussy.  I'm going to put another camera up here in case we get the chance to do it.  Then I'll merge the two tapes so it shows you watching them.  That'll be really HOT!"

Thinking about this made Marie even hotter. She started moving her sweet ass back and forth on my cock.  Then she spread her legs and reached back to grab my shaft, pulling it forward, then clamped her legs together, trapping my dick against her unviolated cunt.

"Oh, Wil, I want you to fuck me so bad.  I want to feel this hard dick slamming into my pussy!  I want you to pop my cherry and shoot your hot cum deep inside me."

"That's part of the sensual journey for today, little girl.  Before you leave today you won't be a virgin anymore.  But I'm going to make it a very memorable experience for you.  I'm gonna take you to the mountain top, but it's gonna be a long, slow climb.  Are you ready to get started?"

This little eleven-year-old virgin was so horny she was vibrating.  She turned around and hugged my middle, sliding her sweet, delectable body against mine.  "Yes, Wil, let's climb the mountain!"

Chapter Five

"Have you ever used a sauna before, sweetheart?"  I asked my prepubescent lover as we descended the stairs.

"Uh-uhn, what's that?"

"It's a small room with a heater that makes it very hot.  There's a stand that has hot rocks in it in the corner.  We'll lie in the dry heat for a while, then I'll pour water over the rocks and the room will fill with steam.  It makes you sweat like crazy, but when you come out you feel incredibly good.  It opens up all your skin pores and makes your skin much more sensitive.  It will make making love a lot better and more intense.  But first," I said as we entered the pool and sauna room, "Let's get into the jaccuzzi and soak for a while."

I went to the wall and turned the dial to start the agitation in the jacuzzi.  Marie squealed in delight as she saw the effervescence start.

"Now, Marie, the water is hot, so enter slowly so you get used to it." I cautioned.

"Oooooo, it IS hot!" the little darling exclaimed as she entered.  She eased herself in as I joined her.  When the water neared her mons she said, "Oh, Wil, this feels good on my pussy!  Oh, oh, oh, ahhhhhhhh.  Wow, the hot water really feels good!"  She reached down and gently spread the lips of her glorious quim.  "Ooooooooooooo, it's so hot on my clit!"

"Just ease on in and enjoy it, babygirl," I told her.  "It gets even better as you relax."

We semi-floated for a while, then I felt tiny toes begin to play in my crotch.  My eleven-year-old lover ran her delicate foot up and down my cock and tickled my scrotum with her toes.  Of course I soon had another raging hardon.

After about twenty minutes, I told her it was time to move on.  "No, Wil, let's stay here a while.  It feels sooooooooo good!"

"We can't, sweetness.  If you stay in the hottub too long, your muscles get very weak and you can't even stand up.  It feels great but you have to take it in small doses.  Now c'mon," I reached out and took her in my arms, lifted her and placed her butt on the edge of the pool.  I stepped out as she tried to stand.  I had to catch her as she started to fall, her legs were so weak.

"I see what you mean!" she said.  "I can hardly walk!"  I steadied her and directed her to the cedar door of the sauna.

"WOW!  I thought the tub was hot, but this is really HOT!"

"Yes, now lie down on this wooden table and just soak in the dry heat for a while."  She laid down as instructed and stretched her arms over her head, putting one foot down on the bench below.  As she relaxed I enjoyed the view of her delicate cunny gradually opening as her knees widened.

We enjoyed the heat for a while, then I took a cedar fixture off the wall and secured it to the floor.  It became a massage table.  I had Marie get up and lie face down upon it.  I began to massage my darling as she luxuriated in pleasure.  Starting at her shoulders, I gently kneaded her tauyt flesh as she moaned in ecstasy.  I straddled the table and allowed some of my weight to rest on her.  My rigid dick rode in the crack between her gorgeous cheeks, sliding back and forth as I rubbed her.  I particularly enjoyed myself when I reached her behind, softly kneading them and allowing my fingers to delve within to graze her pucker and gently slid into her cunt, still slippery from her earlier orgasm.  She lifted her behind and spread her legs as much as the table would allow, humping her sweet slit on my fingers.  Several times I felt the tissue within her that I would soon be piercing.  Marie grunted in disappointment as I moved away and lifted her pretty head when she heard the hiss of steam as I poured water over the superheated stones in the stand.  Steam quickly filled the room and her wonderful body was coated in water and sweat.  I rolled her over and began the massage treatment to her front.

As I raked my fingernails gently across her tiny nipples, they sprang to attention, crinkling in pleasure.  My sweet child sighed happily as I pinched the nubs, stretching them upward, only to have them slip from my grasp, over and over again.  I was standing beside the table and she reached out and slipped her fingers around my sweaty dick.  She ran her palm up and over the tip, drawing a flood of precum, smearing it around my tool.  She closed her tiny fist around my cock and jacked me while my fingers now dipped into the hairless split between her legs, soaking in the flood of lubrication flowing from her.

"Oh, Wil, please put it in me.  I want you in my pussy.  Please fuck me right here on this table!"

"Soon, sweet Marie, soon.  It's time to move on now.  I'm going to carry you."

I took her in my arms and she snuggled against my sweaty chest as we left the sauna.  Her eyes were closed as I walked and only opened in alarm when she felt me begin to drop her.  "Noooooooooo!" she screamed as she hit the water in the swimming pool.  I dropped in beside her as she surfaced, sputtering.

"That was a dirty trick!" she cried as I laughed at her.  "Now you're gonna PAY!"  She grabbed my shoulders and lifted herself over my head, attempting to dunk me.  Her budding breasts were in my face, so I took one in my mouth and allowed her to push my head under, taking her with me as my tongue lashed her sensitive nipple.  I quickly brought her back to the surface and she wrapped her legs around my waist, my dick nestled between the folds of her virgin cunt.

"You better think of something to make up for that, Mister!  That cold water was a SHOCK!"

"Oh, I have something in mind you're gonna love.  I think you'll forgive me pretty quick."

"Well, I can tell you now if it doesn't end with your dick buried in my pussy, it won't!  I don't want to be a virgin anymore!  I want you IN ME!  I want to feel you sliding in and out of me till you fill my cunt with your hot cum, then I want you to eat your cum out of me, then fill it up again!"

"OK, darling, I guess it's time to make a woman out of you.  It's time to show you the Playroom.  Are you sure you're ready?"

"OH, SHUT UP AND FUCK ME, WILL YOU?"  I laughed at her and helped her from the pool.  We grabbed enormous, fluffy white towels and wrapped ourselves in them to dry off.  I touseled her hair and vigorously rubbed the terrycloth over her delightful body as we left the pool and went down the hallway.

We entered what appeared to be a storage room.  Marie's eyes widened as I pulled a secret switch and a wall with a storage rack swiveled out, revealing a secret entrance to the Playroom.  During the remodeling I had accidently discovered the room and was amazed by its contents.  Later, when I found Burkett's hideaway upstairs and began to read his journals I understood better.

The floor was covered in a padded material and was quite large, about 20 by 30 feet.  There were various devices and machines scattered about, several mounted from the ceiling.  One in particular I hoped to be able to use for my sweet Marie's pleasure today.

"Sweetheart, can you do a full split?" I asked.

"Sure, see?"  She slid her tiny feet outward until her pussy was brushing the floor. "I do gymnastics, so I'm very limber."

"GREAT!  Check out this thing."  I led her to a device with cables extending to the ceiling and a series of pullies.  Two padded concave pieces extended horizontally from it, both with cables attached.  A triangular bar hung above with control switches mounted.  The little girl looked at it in puzzlement, trying to discern its use.

"What's it for?" she asked.

"You'll soon see," I answered.  I moved my virgin lover around to the back then told her, "Put you feet in these two grooves, then do a split again.  Your legs will rest in these padded supports."  I held her hands as she awkwardly complied, her well formd pubescent thighs coming to rest in the appropriate places.

"OK, now watch... This switch raises you up," I demonstrated as she gasped when motors activated, lifting her upward with a slight whining noise from the ceiling.  My eleven year old darling was now suspended from the floor in a full split, her delicate pussy flesh exposed as she swung gently.  "See, you pull the switch forward and you go up, push it backward you go down.  The further you push or pull it, the faster you go."  She giggled wildly as I bounced her up and down with the switch.  "Now see this button?  Push it."  She did and whooped as she dropped five inches at once.

"This is fun, Wil, but what's it for?"

"You'll see in a few minutes.  First, I want to move this over here under you.  Raise up some." She activated the switch and rose a foot or so.  I moved a wooden piece and positioned it under her.  It had a wide base with a curved piece extending front to back.  On this curved piece were mounted one inch diameter balls, edges touching from one end to the other.  Marie looked down curiously as I positioned it under her.  I reached up to the control switch and slowly lowered her until her labia were brushing the balls.  

"OK, babygirl, ready for some fun?"  She smiled and nodded, then moaned softly as I began to swing her back and forth.  When Ellsworth Burkett had designed this piece, he calculated the curves so the balls would stay in contact with the pussy throught the swing, but with various amounts of pressure, creating a rollercoaster effect on the pussy tissues as they slid across.  The rider could control the ride by pushing or pulling on the triangular bar.  Marie quickly figured this out and pushed the bar so her clit was directly stimulated by the knobs on the piece.

"Oh, Wil, this is soooo goooood!  The bumps are hitting my clitty!"  She pulled back on the bar. "OH, now they're hitting my butthole!  It's so good.  Swing me harder and faster!"  I pushed my pubescent sweetheart until she was taking the full ride, screaming "Wheeeee!" as she came forward and "OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH" on the back swing.  I had given the knobs a light coating of baby oil previously, but soon it was obvious she was creating her own lubrication as they quickly became shiny with her little girl cunt juice.  She was soon operating the device like a pro, increasing and decreasing the pressure on her tiny virgin pussy with the switch, and pushing and pulling on the bar.  Then she discovered she could change the sensation by pushing on one end of the bar and pulling on the other, rotating herself against the knobs as she swung.

"I LOVE IT, WIL, I LOVE IT! OH, OH, OH, I'M GONNA CUM, I'M GONNA CUUUUUUMMMMMMM!" my darling screamed as her virgin spend splashed from her.  She continued her orgasms through several full swings until she collapsed with her head and arms on the bar.  I grasped her hips and stopped her swinging as she panted.

I used the switch to raise her as she rested and removed the wooden piece.  I could not resist putting my mouth on the knobs and licking them clean of her girl juice, but I wanted more.

I lay down under her and reached up to use the switch to slowly lower her onto my face.  I engulfed her sweet hairless mound with my mouth and used my tongue to lap more delicious cum from within her virgin hole.  I gently swung her so I could lap at her clit, then plunge my tongue into her soaked quim, then wiggle into her delightful anus.

I knew she was fully recovered from her orgasms when she again began to use the switch to lower herself further on my face.  With her delightful legs so spread in a split, I could get my tongue deeper into her vagina than ever before, so I plunged in a full two inches, wiggling the tip against her hymen, which would soon no longer be an obstacle to her pleasure.  Lapping furiously I brought her higher and higher until I knew she was again near to cumming, then to her disappointment, I raised her up and slid forward a bit, looking up into her adoring eyes.

"Why did you stop, Will, I love riding your tongue like this."

"Well, I thought you might be ready for the Main Event.  Are you ready to become a woman?  Are you ready to have a dick in your pussy?  Do you want to lose your virginity?"

"OH, YES, YES, YES, PLEASE PUT IT IN ME, WIL!  PLEASE FUCK ME!"

"OK, babylove, raise up some more."  I slid out until my rock hard cock was properly positioned under her.  Holding it erect I reached up and slowly lowered her until the head was parting those sweet virgin lips.  I let it soak in her juices for a few seconds, then very slowly lowered her more.  Her eyes widened as she felt the bulbuous head begin to stretch her untouched hole.  She gasped when the head popped into her.  Her tight pussy felt like a vise on my dick.  I stopped the descent to let her become accustomed to the filling of her hole.  Then I began to rotate her body, spinning her cunt on my dick, back and forth, causing her to moan in pleasure.  I stopped and reach up to the switch again, now lowering her until I could feel the head of my cock pressing against her maidenhead.  She grunted from the pressure, so I backed off a little, then spun her completely around in a circle several times, winding the cables suspending her.  Then, just like a swing in a playground, I let go, allowing her body to spin, her tiny pussy grasping and clenching the head of my dick as she spun, moans and cries bursting forth from her as she enjoyed the ride.  

When she finally came to a stop I looked up at her and said, "It's up to you now, my love.  Whenever you are ready you can push the button and you will drop down on my cock, breaking your cherry.  I warn you it'll hurt some at first, but I won't move.  After a little bit the pain will ease and you can use the switch to fuck me as fast or slow as you want to.  But remember, baby, you don't have to do this.  We can wait however long it takes for you to be ready.  I don't want you to feel like I'm forcin..."

"Oh, Wil, shut the fuck UP!"

With that she pressed the button and dropped five inches onto my cock.  The useless barrier was gone in an instant as my dick plunged all the way into her, tearing it asunder.  She screamed in pain as this happened and I winced from causing my darling the necessary agony.  She again collapsed against the bar, silent tears dripping on my chest and stomach.

I stayed completly still to allow her to recover.  After a few minutes she raised up, brushed the tears from her gorgeous eyes and smiled down at me.  "Ouch, that SMARTS!"

I laughed delightedly.  She reached for the switch and very slowly slid back up my cock, wincing as the head again passed the torn tissues.  She rested a moment  with just the head still in her, then descended again.  Only a slight grimace flashed across her face this time.

"Ooooooo, I feel Soooooooo full!" she said when I was again buried in her ravished quim.  "Now it's starting to feel good!"

My eleven year old sweetheart used the switch to raise and lower her sweet pussy on me again and again, faster and faster as she became used to being stuffed with dick.  Her cunt muscles clenched on me, squeezing my dick as she rode up and down.  

"WIL, I LOVE FUCKING.  I WISH I COULD HAVE DONE THIS SOONER.  I LOVE BEING FILLED UP WITH YOUR COCK.  IT FEELS SOOOOOOO GOOD!  I DON'T EVER WANT TO STOP.  I WANT YOU IN ME ALWAYS!  FUCK ME!  FUCK ME!  FILL MY PUSSY! OHHHHHHHHHHH!  IM, I'M, I'M GONNA CUM! GONNA CUM ON YOUR HARD DICK!  FUCK ME, WIL, FUCK MY LITTLE PUSSY!"

She was using the switch to fuck me faster and faster, then suddenly she remembered the button.  Raising herself all the way up, she again pressed the button, plunging down on me.  Again and again she dropped her just violated quim on me until I could feel the cum start to boil in my balls.

"Yes, baby, cum on my dick.  I'm almost ready to fill your sweet pussy with my sperm.  Your pussy is so tight and hot and slick.  I'm gonna fill you up with cum, baby!"

'YES, WIL, YES! FILL MY PUSSY WITH YOUR CUM!  I WANT TO FEEL IT SPURTING IN ME.  OH, GOD, OH, GOD!  I FEEL IT, WIL, I FEEL YOUR CUM BLASTING MY PUSSY!  OH, YES, I'M CUUUUUUUMMMMMMIIIIINNNNNGGGGG!" my preteen darling screamed as my spunk shot into her again and again.  I had never cum so hard in my life as her orgasming pussy squeezed and spasmed on my tool, milking the last drop from me.  She continued to play the switch like a violin, raising and lowering herself over and over as she drew out her multiple orgasms, screaming and thrashing her head as she reached each peak.

Finally, she dropped down one last time and rested against me, my now-deflating cock fully embedded in the flooded tunnel, soaking in our combined hot love juices.

"God, Wil, that was the best experience of my LIFE!" she exclaimed.  "I never knew anything could feel so good!  I want to fuck every day for the rest of my LIFE!"

"Well, that's a bit too much to expect, sweetheart, but now you'll be able to fuck whenever you get the chance."

After extricating my little lover from the contraption, we returned to the jacuzzi and used the hot therapeutic waters to recover from our exertions.  As we soaked, I outlined plans for a suitable education for Kevin in the reasons "NO" means "NO".  Marie laughed delightedly at my plans and agreed to help.  She would talk to Christie that afternoon and carefully feel her out on the subject.

CHAPTER FIVE - ASSHOLES ALWAYS GET IT IN THE END

Sweet Marie and I plotted for several days.  I made a couple of phone calls to line up a little muscle and reconned the area carefully.  Little Christie had told Marie more about what had happened to her the night she was raped by her sister's boyfriend, Kevin.  Revenge was indeed going to be sweet and justice would not be swift.

We discovered the asshole hung out at a poolroom on the south side of town and made note of the kind of car he drove.  My guys blew into town on a Thursday and by Friday had made their plans.  About ten thirty that evening I received a call and opened the garage.  A van pulled in and my guys unloaded a hooded, bound and gagged Kevin.  Out of earshot I was told how easy the capture went.  I had Kevin carried into the Playroom, stripped and tied to a board face down, completely immobilizing him, hood and gag still in place.  I turned the light off on the terrified piece of shit and went to bed.

Early the next morning Marie called and said that Christie was spending the weekend with her and they were going to the treehouse.  She would ease into a discussion of what the abused child would like to have happen to Kevin, then we would go from there.  I went down to the Playroom to find Kevin sobbing into his gag.  After shackling his hands and feet, I took him to the bathroom and let him use it.  Then took the gagball from his mouth.  He started screaming obscenities at me.  I slapped hell out of him.

Using an electronic voice altering device I told him, "Kevin, you are to be punished for your transgressions today.  The gag was removed to allow you to have a drink of water.  Another word and you will go thirsty."  He shut up, even more terrified.  He drank the water and I reinserted the gagball and returned him to the Playroom.

I went up to mu office and looked at the treehouse.  I could see Marie and Christie sitting on the futon talking.  I could tell Christie was crying and Marie comforted her.  After a while they climbed down and came toward the house.  I met them at the door to the patio room.

"Hi, Wil, this is my friend Christie," Marie smiled.

"Hi, Christie, I'm very glad to meet you."

"Christie, I hope you won't be mad at me, but I told Wil what Kevin did to you," Marie said.

"WHAT?  Marie, You PROMISED!!!"  Tears of shamed welled up in the little darling's eyes.

"I know, but this was special.  Wil is different.  He won't tell anybody and we've got something to show you.  Tell her about it, Wil."

OK.  Christie, sit down.  What Kevin did to you was terrible, sweetheart and keeping it inside can mess you up for the rest of your life.  You have no reason to be ashamed because you did not do anything wrong.  Everything that happened is Kevin's responsibility and he should be punished.  Since you don't want anyone else to know about what happened to you, we arte going to take care of that."

She sniffed and looked up at me through gorgeous green eyes.  "What do you mean?"

"Well, do you think Kevin should be punished?"

A dark look of loathing came over the beautiful child. "I want him to be DEAD!"

"Well, that's not going to happen.  How about if we make it where he won't ever want to hurt anybody ever again?"

She nodded vigorously.  "How can we do that?"

"First, you have to promise your most special promise that you won't ever tell anyone what happened here today."

She looked very serious.  "I promise."

"Okay, girls, come with me."  I took them by the hand and led them to a room off the side of the Playroom.  I opened some curtains to reveal a one-way mirror into the room.  Christie's eyes widened as she saw the naked form tied to the board.

"Who's tha-, is that KEVIN?"  I nodded.

She giggled.  "He looks funny tied up like that.  What are you going to do to him?"

"It's what are WE going to do to him.  We're going to punish him and teach him a lesson he will never forget.  We're going to make him feel like you felt when he was raping you.  Do you like that idea?"

She got an evil grin on her face and hissed, "Yesssssssssss!"

I laid out the ground rules and told the girls some of my plans.  I cautioned them not to say a word while in the room with the worthless piece of trash.  Then I led them into the Playroom.  I removed the gagball from his mouth, but he had sense enough not to say anything.  I had already prepared a pulley over him with a thin cable attached.  I brought a loop down and slipped it over his shriveled cock and balls, tightening it snugly.

Now he responded.  "WHA?  WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO ME?" he screamed.

Using the voice changer again I said, "SHUT UP!  You will speak only when spoken to.  I will ask you some questions and I warn you not to lie.  You can only lie twice.  Each lie will tighten the wire around your dick.  The third lie will cause you to lose your dick and balls.  We already know the answers to the questions, so we will know when you are lying. Do you understand?"

"Yes, but why are you doing this?"

"First question - How many people have you stolen from?"

He hesitated.  I thumped the wire stretching his scrotum.  He winced.

"I don't KNOW how many... lots."

"How many people have you assaulted?"

"You mean beat up?  A bunch, over 20, I guess."

"How many girls have you raped?"

"NONE! Every girl I ever fucked wanted it!"

I pressed a button and the winch pulled the cable.  He screamed as his dick and balls were pulled upward.  He arched his body attempting to relieve the strain.

"That was your first lie.  Two more and you lose all your equipment.  How many girls have you raped?"

"Four, alright, four, that's all!"

"That's ALL?  You stuck your pencil dick into four girls that did not want it and you you say that's ALL?"

"Fuck, man, you know all women want to get fucked.  They twitch their asses and tits to get you hot and they wanna get fucked.  They may say 'No' but they mean 'Yes, fuck me'."

"Is that so?  So 'No' means 'Yes', huh?"

"Thass right.  They all want it bad."

He struggled a bit as I put the ballgag back in his mouth.  Then I attached another cable to his ankle shackles and raised his legs in the air, spread widely.

"Since you think 'No' means 'Yes' you'll soon learn the difference."  I whispered in his ear.  I motioned the girls over closer so they could watch.  From a box I pulled out a dildo about ten inches long and two inches in diameter.  I motioned for Marie to spread his ass cheeks.  Pouring a light coating on the dildo (I wanted to avoid permanent injury), I shoved it up his asshole without warning.  He screamed behind the ballgag and struggled, but the tension was still on the cable around his balls and dick, so his movements were limited.  I jammed the dildo in and out a few times roughly, then put my lips next to his ear.

"Do you like that Kevin, do you want some more?"  He shook his head furiously from side to side.  "Oh, yeah, I forgot.  To you, 'No' means 'Yes', right?  That means you like having this shoved up your ass, doesn't it?  Well, then, we aim to please."  I looked over at Christie, who was watching intently.  I motioned her over and wrapped her hand around the base of the fake dick.  I moved it in and out a couple of times, then let her take over.  She proceeded to violate the asshole furiously, plunging in and out, ramming it in ever deeper.  Finally she had the entire length inserted and was hitting the end as though trying to get it all in.  I stopped her gently.  She looked disappointed.

Carefully rearranging the shackles holding our victim, I turned him over on the board so he was ass up.  Then I released a catch in the center of the board, causing it to fold, putting his ass up in the air with his head down.  I opened a cabinet and pulled out a stout paddle.  I motioned Christie over and put her hands in a double grip around the handle.  Making sure the angle was correct, I guided her in drawing the paddle back, then swinging it full force against the rapist's ass.  The dildo had emerged slightly and was driven back into his bowels by the paddle.    The revengeful child began beating his asscheeks with the board, over and over again until they glowed red and whelps appeared.  I allowed her to continue until she tired and her arms began to droop in exhaustion.  At some point the bastard had escaped his punishment by passing out.

I went out of the room to a telephone and contacted the cell phone in the van.  A short while later the guys reappeared.  I had them bundle Kevin up and shot him with a tranquilizer.  They were instructed to drop his trussed naked body behind our city's one notorious gay leather bar, then disappear from whence they came, well compensated for their trouble.

After they had left, Marie, Christie and I went back to the patio room for cokes and sandwiches.  The girls giggled as they talked about what we had done to Kevin.  Marie came over and sat in my lap and kissed me, wiggling her bottom in my lap.  Christie watched intently.  Her eyes widened as Marie took my hand and drew it into her lap, pressing my fingers against her pussy.

"Marie!" she exclaimed.  "You let him touch you down there?"

She spread her legs a bit to give me greater access and smiled at her friend.  "Christie, it feels soooooo good to have someone touch you when you want them to."

"Sweetheart," I said, "We were hoping that getting even with Kevin would make you feel better and we want you to know that all guys are not like him.  Sometimes when girls go through what you went through, they get messed up about sex for the rest of their life.  Sex between two people who care about each other is wonderful, as Marie can tell you.  We want you to watch us make love so you can see how it is supposed to be.  Would that be okay with you?"

She nodded.  I slipped my hand under Marie's t-shirt and tweaked her tiny nipples.  She moaned softly.  I drew the shirt off over her head, exposing her tiny little nipples, pertly enflamed.  I leaned in and ran my tongue around the nubbins, flicking the tips lightly.  Marie looked over at her friend.

"Christie, it feels very, very good to have someone play with you and tease you. It wouldn't be any fun if all we did was get naked and stick Wil's dick in my pussy. It's the playing that makes you all tingly and makes your pussy wet.  What Kevin did was terrible.  He didn't play with you or anything, did he?"

"No, we just kissed and hugged a few times, then he did it."

"When you snuck out with him is that all you thought you would be doing, kissing and hugging?"

"Weeeelllll, no.  The last time we kissed at my house he ran his fingers up my leg and touched me down there through my panties.  He was real gentle and made me all shivery and wet.  If he had been nice that night I would have let him do it again."

"Would you have let him go further?"

"I guess so.  I wanted to see his thing and touch it.  I would have let him pull my panties down and touch me.  I don't know if I would have let him put it in me, though."

"Will didn't even try to put his dick in me the first time we did anything.  He just licked my pussy and I sucked on his dick."

"REALLY???  He licked you down there?  Ooooooo!"  She slid her hand into her lap and carressed he quim.  "That sounds soooo good!  Did it feel good?"

"You won't believe how good!  It's wonderful to have somebody lick your cunny and stick their tongue up inside you till you cum in their mouth!"

"What does 'cum' mean?"  the innocent child asked.

"Do you play with your pussy when you're by yourself?"

The ten-year-old blushed prettily and nodded.  "I peeked at Kevin and Judy one night and they were naked.  It was almost dark, but it was exciting.  I felt myself getting wet and touched myself.  After that I did it a lot.  It feels really good."

"Did it, like, build up and up and up till you felt like you were going to explode?"

"Noooo, sometimes it felt better and better, but never like that."

"Well, if you do it right, you can make it happen.  When you get to the top it feels so much better that ever and you cum - sometimes more than once.  Would you like to see me cum?"

Christie pressed her fingers harder into her crotch and hissed, "Oh, yesssssss!"

"Okay, Wil and I are going to get naked now.  Are you ok with that?"

She nodded. "I want to see his thing.  While ago was the first time I ever saw one up close, but Kevin's had that wire around it and I wasn't paying much attention."

Marie stood up and slid her shorts and panties off, then reached out and took my hands.  I stood up.  Marie motioned to Christie.

"C'mere.  Now pull his pants down."  Christie hesitated, but then grabbed the waistband on my shorts and drew them down my legs.  My rigid cock bulged in my briefs.  Her eyes widened, then she took hold of the center and pulled them out.  The head of my dick popped up, shining wetly.  She giggled.  Then she pulled my underpants down slowly, savoring the view, her tiny tongue caught between her teeth as she concentrated on the task at hand.  I stepped out of my shorts and briefs, then spread my legs slightly.  She st back on he haunches and stared at my bobbing tool.

"You can touch it if you want to," I told her.

She reached out with one finger and touched the underside.  My cock twitched and she burst into giggles.  "Put your hand around it, Christie," Marie told her.

She wrapped her ten-year-old fingers around my dick and squeezed gently.  "It's soft and hard at the same time and really warm - and there's stuff coming out!"

"That's called pre-cum.  When a guy is going to put his dick in your pussy, this stuff is slick and makes it go in easier.  When you feel yourself getting wet it's the same thing.  It makes your insides slicky and makes it feel really good going in and out."

"Marie!  You mean you've done it?  You let him put his thing inside you?"

"Oh, Yes!  Wil was very, very gentle and made it so wonderful!  But it made me a little sad when I realized how great my first time was and how awful yours was.  I'm sorry you didn't have a great guy like Wil for your first lover.  That's one reason we wanted you to see us do it, so you would know how great it can be."

The little girl nodded seriously, then looked back at my dick.  "Oh, the stuff is going to drip off!"

"That would be a waste!"  Marie said as she moved her head in and licked the head of my cock, lapping up the flood of juice being drawn out by Christies hand.  "Ummmmm, delicious!"

"What does it taste like?" Christie asked as she watched.

"Smooth and a little salty.  Wanna taste?"

Christie hesitated, then extended her little tongue and licked a drop oozing from the tip.  She licked her lips and said, "Not bad."  Her little hand stroked down my dick and back up, drawing a large glob and darting her tongue back in again to lap it up.  "Mmmmmm, you're right, Marie.  It does taste good and it feels really naughty to do it.  Maybe if I had done that to Kevin he wouldn't have had to do what he did."

"Now wait just a minute, sweetheart," I interrupted.  "Do you still feel like what Kevin did was your fault?"

She beautiful child looked sad and nodded.  "He was wrong, but so was I.  I shouldn't have been kissing my sister's boyfriend and I shouldn't have snuck out to meet him that night.  He deserved the punishment we gave him, but I was naughty and deserve to be punished too."

I sat down and pulled her into my lap, cuddling her as Marie sat beside us and rubbed her back and shoulders.  "Do you really think you deserve to be punished?" I asked.  She sniffed and nodded.  "Would it make you feel better if you got a spanking for what you did?"  She nodded again.  "Would you like for me to spank you now?"

"Yes, please.  Then I won't feel like it was all my fault."

"Stand up in front of me!"  She complied, looking a little frightened.  "Young lady, you have been very naughty!  You are too young to be sneaking out at night, do you understand?" I lectured.  She nodded.  "It's very dangerous behavior and you must be punished!  Now, pull down your pants and lay across my knee!"

The recalcitrant ten-year-old trembled as she lowered her shorts.  "Your panties, too, little lady!  For what you did you deserve a bare behind spanking!"  I watched as she slowly rolled her little white cotton panties down her legs.  Her puffy mound came into view and slowly the soft crease was revealed.  Her split was tightly closed with no trace of hair.  She looked delicious!  Her shorts and panties were now around her calves and fell to her ankles as she maneuvered to lie across my lap.  One foot came completely free as her lap lay across mine, my hard dick pressing uncomfortably into her as she came to rest. I reached under her and shifted her a bit, allowing my dick to extend upward between her legs, pressing against her little split and hole.

"Now, young lady," I said sternly, "I'm going to give you a good spanking and then when it's over that will be the end of it.  You will have been punished for what you did and you're not going to worry about it any more, right?"  She nodded into the sofa cushion.

I looked down at the delectable rounded mounds of her ass and ran my hand softly across them.  They trembled in anticipation.  Then without warning, I raised my hand and brought it down sharply in the center.  She yelped in surprise.  I followed immediately with alternating slaps against each bun, enjoying the sting in my palm and the delightful jiggle of her cheeks.  I did not take it easy on her.  For this to have the therapeutic effect I wanted, she had to feel that she had really been punished.  After three or four smacks, she began to cry and after a few more began to thrash her legs.  My dick slid back and forth across her little quim as I spanked her bottom.  

I planned to give her thirty medium smacks as punishment and was surprised to note that her cunt became wet after about twenty.  I could feel the slickness on my dick between her legs.  I supposed the friction from my cock had stimulated her.  I completed the punishment and gently stroked her abused behind.  After the final smack, she continued to hump against my dick for a few moments.  She was still sobbing when I lifted her up and sat her astraddle my lap, hugging her against my chest and stroking her long brown hair and back to soothe her. 

She calmed after a few minutes and looked up at me smiling.  "Wow!  That was SOME spanking!  I feel much better now.  Thank you, Wil."

"You are very welcome, darling.  Sex and love are too important to be messed up by guilt feelings.  Now that you have been punished for what you think you did wrong, it shouldn't bother you any more and you can put it behind you for good."

"There's something I don't understand.  The spanking really hurt my behind, but my cunny felt really, really good.  I felt myself get wet like we talked about.  How come?"

"Well, my dick was hard and was up against your pussy.  When you moved as I spanked your pretty behind, it rubbed against your pussy.  That's what made it feel good and start to get wet.  I could feel your juices on my dick and it felt really good to me, too."

Marie interrupted, "Wil, you mean you got her juices on your cock?"  I nodded.  "Get up, Christie, I want to do something."  Her little friend looked disappointed, but complied.  Marie dropped to her knees in fronnt of me and engulfed my dick in her hot little mouth.  "Mmmmmmm, that tastes GOOD!  I like tasting your pussy on his cock, Christie.  Your pussy tastes great!"

"Christie, Marie and I are going to make love now.  You can watch or join in as you choose.  You don't ever have to do anything you don't want to, you understand?"  She nodded.

"Get ready to cum in my mouth, Marie, cause I'm going to eat your pussy till you scream!"

"YIPPPEEE!" my little lover cried as she plopped on the sofa and spread her legs widely.  Her little clit exposed itself, shining wetly from her juices.  

"You're already wet, Marie!  Your juice is oozing out of you already!"

"I know!  I got sooooo hot watching you spank Christie!  Eat me, please, Wil?"

She drew ler legs even further back until they locked behind her head, just like one of my secret portraits painted by Ellsworth Burkett.  I drew Christie in close with my arm so she could see as I began to slurp at my baby darling's quim.  She was fascinated and came in even closer so I knew she could smell Marie's sweet cunts as the juices bubbled out, only to be lapped up by my thirsty tongue.  She was amazed when she saw me drop my tongue down to Marie's asshole and dip in.  Marie moaned loudly.  "Yessssss, Will, lick my little asshole!  Fuck it with your tongue!  Yesssss, stick a finger up my butt like before - I LOVE IT!"

I continued to lave at her sensitive parts for a few more moments, then drew back.  I took Christie by the hand and extended her forefinger.  I brought it up to slide across Marie's clit, then around and around.  Marie moaned again.  Then I took her friend's finger and slid it deeply into her hole, moving it in and out.  Christie liked that and began fingerfucking her friend on her own.  I leaned over and kissed Christie on the lips.  She looked intrigued as she licked her lips, tasting her friend on my lips.  She drew her finger from Marie's pussy, sniffed it, then tentatively licked it.  She smiled at me and put the whole finger in her mouth and sucked it clean.  This little girl was moving faster than I expected!

I whispered in her ear, "Why don't you try licking it while you fuck it with your finger?"

She hesitated briefly, then her little tongue darted out to encircle Marie's love bud.  She smiled at me again and went back to her feast.  Marie had her eyes closed, enjoying the pussy licking.  She did not realize the source of her pleasure until she felt my dick touch her lips.  Her eyes remained closed as she opened her mouth to take me in.  After a few seconds she realized the cuntlapping was still going on and her eyes flew open.  She looked up at me and let my cock slip from her lips.  Her eyes darted down to see her friend busily engaged in her crotch.

"OOOOHHHHHH!  CHRISTIE'S EATING MY PUSSY!  THAT'S SOOOOOOOO HOT!  I'M GONNA CUM... I'M GONNA CUM IN CHRISTIE'S LITTLE MOUTH AND SHE'S GONNA EAT MY CUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!"

Marie bucked against her friend's mouth as her spend flowed out to be swallowed and enjoyed by the ten-year-old child.  She continued her thrashing orgasm until she finally collapsed.  Christie raised her head and grinned at her friend.  "Gee, Marie, you taste really good, too!"  We all laughed and rolled together on the floor in a group hug.  Then we rested for a while, one little girl snuggled under each arm.

I dozed off and had a wonderful dream.  Two little girls were playing with my cock and giggling.  I slowly awakened to find my dream was true.  My two preteen darlings had scooted down in bed and were playing with my dick.  

"See, Christie, this hole in the tip is where the cum spurts out of him, and these two balls in this little sack are what makes the sperm that gets you pregnant."

"Marie!  You said you let him 'do it' to you!  What if you're pregnant?"

"Wil can't get anyone pregnant.  He had a vas-something that means he can't.  If I decide to fuck somebody else I'll have to be careful, tho.  Besides, I haven't started my periods yet, so I can't get pregnant anyway."

"Really?  I didn't know that.  Wow!  Look how it jumps when I touch it!"

"Yeah, watch this!"  Marie extended her tongue and lapped the underside of the head.  By reflex my dick jumped and slapped my belly.  The girls giggled.  I was watching through slits in my eyelids so they would think I was still asleep.

"I'm glad to know I can't get pregnant yet.  I was worried because of what Kevin did.  I don't want to have a baby yet!" Christie said as she studied Marie's actions.

"Yeah, it means we can have fun for a while without worrying.  'Course there's ways to keep from getting pregnant even then.  Do you know what a blowjob is?"

"Unh-uh."

"Watch this!"

Marie moved to her knees beside me and started licking the head of my cock as her little friend watched in fascination.  Christie gasped as Marie opened her mouth and engulfed my dick, sliding her precious lips down, down, down on my dick.  I moaned softly and began to flex my hips, fucking the little girl's mouth, still pretending to be asleep.  Marie removed her mouth and encircled my tool with her hand.  She stroked down, then back up - drawing a large glob of juice with it.

"See this?  It's called precum.  It helps a guy's dick slide in your pussy better. And it tastes good, too!  Want some?"

The eleven year old girl looked skeptical, but leaned forward and extended her tongue.  She dipped into the stream sliding down the head, then licked her lips.  "Mmmmmmm, not bad.  It makes me feel really naughty to do it too.  It makes my pussy feel funny."

"Is your pussy getting wet?  Playing like this makes me really hot and wet.  Getting wet also helps a guy's dick slide in your pussy better.  My cunny is GUSHING right now.  Let's wake him up so he can fuck me while you watch!  No, wait!  I know!  I'll wake him up by fucking him!  I'm going to get over him and you hold his dick and aim it at my pussy, OK?"  Christie agreed, wide-eyed.

Marie moved to straddle me and her little friend got on her hands and knees to help, her bare little behind arched in the air, still red from her spanking.  She held my dick as instructed and Marie slowly slid down the length, moaning in pleasure.  As I felt her hot little pussy engulfing my dick, I could pretend no longer.  I opened my eyes and smiled at my darling little lover.

"Oh, baby, your little cunt is so tight and hot!  Yeah, baby, slide up and down on it!  Fuck me good baby!  Cum all over my dick!"  Marie shut her eyes and rode me hard.  Christie lay her head on my stomach to see better, her eyes only inches away from our coupling groins.  Her cute little ass began swaying back and forth.  I reached out a hand and slid it softly across her behind.  She wiggled.  I stroked the crease of her ass and allowed my fingers to gently delve between, brushing across the lips to her pussy.  She wiggled again and opened her legs slightly wider.  I took this as an invitation and gently separated her cuntlips, feeling the hot fluids bubbling from her tiny hole as she watched Marie slam her quim up and down on my cock.

My fingled encircled her baby clit a few times, causing her to shiver and wiggle more.  Then I slowly slid my thumb past the ring of her vagina.  I felt the vibrations in my stomach as she moaned into my belly.  I pushed deeper, knowing there was no hymen blocking the path. My thumb firmly seated in her hot little hole, I began rubbing the side of my fingers in her slit, raking back and forth across her tiny clitoris.  Each time she jerked and moaned into my belly.  I timed my strokes to those of Marie's hot little cunt on my dick.  Faster and faster Marie pounded her pussy on me and faster and faster I thumb-fucked the little girl watching.

Marie started a high pitched keening as she approached orgasm, finally screaming as her scalding cum splashed across my dick.  Cum boiled from my balls and blasted into the depths of my twelve year old darling's cunt, mixing with her juice in a hot bath.  Christie's cries joined Marie's and mine as she spurted her first ever babygirl cum on my fingers, drenching them in her juices.  Her little hips shivered and shook as my thumb plunged in and out of her, pulling more of her cum across my soaked fingers.  Marie finally plunged down one last time and collapsed, almost smothering Christie in the process.  I held her up so her friend could move her head, then cuddled her.  Christie moved up beside me with a satisfied grin on her face.  She smiled even wider when I put my thumb in my mouth and sucked her cum down my throat.

"Marie was right, Christie!  You do taste really delicious!"

"I'm glad you liked it, Sir.  Next time I want you to do that to me.  I want you to stick your dick in my cunny and fuck me like Kevin should have.  I want to cum on you like Marie just did!"

"I would be happy to oblige you, dearheart.  I want you to learn what really good, loving sex is all about.  I will be happy to fill your little cunny up with my dick and make you cum till you scream!"

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....














