
   I recall sitting on the steps of my home on hot summer after-
noons, the complete ache inside me as I looked across the street to
my neighbors house. I was very young and really couldn't understand
the feelings that seemed to have such power over me.

   My beautiful neighbor was married, but childless, and she
sported a wonderful tan from hours of sunbathing at the pool in
in her back yard. Her husband was rarely home and from time to time
she would spot me and my woeful yearning look and invite me over for
a swim.

   On these occassions I would do  everything a boy would do to
watch her... obsessed by the untanned white between her breasts and
at the tops of her thighs... we would play in the water for a while
and I lost no chance to brush against her... touching her...

   What skin... soft and pliant... sensual/sexual loving skin...
   God !  What skin !

   These boyish acts had to be obvious to her, although she never
said a word about it until one day after a particularly rowdy
play time...

   We stepped from the pool and she crooked her finger for me to
follow her into the cabana. Once inside she sat on the dressing
bench and motioned me to her. As I stood before her she purposely
brushed  her arms against my chest and legs as she slipped away
my wet swim trunks. Naked now and quite erect I trembled at her
touch. She gently grasped my penis and guided me across her thighs.
I melted at the contact with her, my hard cock pressed against her,
I was helpless, but I offered no resistance.

   She hit me then... very hard...

   She continued very slowly, always leaving her hand in contact
between spanks. My ass was stinging and inside I was completely
wild with arousal. She stopped once or twice and leaned over me,
pressing her breasts against my back and just looked directly
into my eyes. I wasn't crying and I knew that she could tell she
had found my desire. How did she know ?

   The spanking went on... me grinding myself into her with
every stroke. She would, sometimes, briefly massage my sore ass
which was now deep red from my waist to mid thigh. I wondered at
her strength... The power of her hand... The power of my
feelings at finding such incredible release in the pain.

   The mere sensation of the stinging and the contact with her
finally overwhelmed me and I came just as she delivered what
was to be the final spank. A ringing blow that sent me to a
place inside from which I, gladly, have never returned.

   I loved being spanked... the contact... the sensations of
stinging and helplessness... the touching...

   Thank you neighbor... for liberating me forever !
