Copyright © 1998,   Bebrack.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.





Swimming
by Bebrack


	I walked from the shower into my bedroom, drying myself with a large 
fluffy towel.  The afternoon sun was streaming through the sliding glass door 
that opened onto a deck just outside my room. 
	 Rubbing myself briskly with the towel, I glanced down at my semi-rigid 
cock and thought of the party I’d gone to last night. Man what a blowout.  I 
thought I was going to luck out and get into Susie's pants but no such luck, the 
little prick teaser. 
	 I walked to the patio door and glanced into Mike's back yard.  No one 
was in their pool and I thought an afternoon dip might help clear my head.  
Mike and his dad had gone fishing for the weekend but his mother should be 
home and they'd said I could swim whenever I wanted to. 
	 As I stood there, Mike's mom came into her backyard by the pool.  It 
looked like she was going to sunbathe. She was carrying a pitcher of martini's 
that she set on the table next to the lounge.  She undid the belt of her robe and 
dropped it to the deck. 
	 My breath caught in my throat. 
	 She was wearing the skimpiest string bikini I'd ever seen.  Her full 
breasts strained at the light material, swaying gently with her movements, her 
nipples clearly defined through the skimpy cloth.  The cheeks of her ass were 
completely bare except for the thong that separated them.  She leaned over to 
rub suntan lotion on her legs giving me a perfect view of her lovely ass as she 
lay on the lounge and continued to oil her body. 
	 My hand was busy stroking my now rigid and throbbing cock.  	A 
swim was definitely a good idea so I slipped on the skimpiest swim suit I had 
and a terry cloth robe that came to mid -thighs.  
	“Well. here goes nothing,” I thought, as I walked down the stairs to our 
backyard and went to the gate between our yards.  She hadn't locked the gate 
so I opened it walked right in. 
	"Hi Mrs. Smith, would it be okay if I take a swim?", I asked.
	"Sure hon.", She replied, "help yourself.”
	Mrs. Smith may have been Mike's mother but she wasn't all that old.  
Mike and I were nineteen and I don't think she could be more than thirty-six or 
thirty-seven with a body to kill for.  She took care of herself really well and 
loved to show her figure off. 
	 I walked over to one of the chairs by the lounge and took off my robe.  
My throbbing cock made a bulge in the little swimsuit that she couldn't help but 
notice but she didn't say anything.  
	She reached over and refilled her martini and I noticed that about a 
third of the pitcher was gone. 
	 I walked to the edge of the pool and dove in and swam a few laps then 
swam to the pool edge closest to her and just made small talk for a little while.  
The sun was getting low in the west and I knew she couldn't keep sunbathing 
much longer and she was getting a little tipsy. 
	I needed a plan.
	"Mrs. Smith,” I called, "would you mind if I swim naked? This damn 
swimming suit is cutting me in two.  I'm sure you've seen anything I've got 
before."
	"Sure baby, you go right ahead," she slurred, “I'm going to turn some 
music on."  She got up and staggered toward the radio.
	I slipped the suit off and my cock sprag straight out, grateful to be freed 
from its confines.  I swam around the pool a couple of times and as I got back to 
the edge I looked up she was standing there, looking at me.
	"Come on in and take a few laps," I said, "the waters really nice."
	"No honey,” she said, "I want to dance, will you dance with me?"
	"Yeah, I guess so,” I answered, "but I'm really not dressed for dancing."
	
	"I know,” she giggled, "but I don't mind at all.”
	I pulled myself up onto the bank as she walked back toward the deck by 
the lounge.  I walked toward her with my cock throbbing and swaying before 
me.
	 She turned toward me and made a quiet gasp.  I held out my hands 
toward her and she moved into the circle of my arms.  Her arms circled my neck 
and her breasts crushed against my chest. I could feel her nipples harden againt 
my skin.  I slid my hands to the small of her back, kneeding the firm flesh, and 
pressing her tight against me, my cock throbbing against her belly. 
	 We danced for a few minutes then the music stopped.  She didn't stop 
dancing but just kept rubbing herself against my cock and squishing her tits 
against me. 
	 I reached up and untied the bow of her bikini top then higher to get 
the one behind her neck.  I stepped back and the bikini top dropped to drape 
over my hardon.  I reached down and took it off then reached for the strings on 
either side of her hips.  Two gentle tugs and the bottom's were laying on the 
ground between her feet.  
	I cupped a cheek of her ass in each hand, made a little dip so my cock 
slipped between her legs and pulled her hard against me.  My cock was sliding 
up and down between the lips of her hot, wet pussy and we danced for a few 
minutes more.
	"I love the way you dance," I said, "but let's go over on those cushions 
and rest awhile."
	"Okay, I am getting a little woozy. A little rest would be good."
	We walked to the cushions and she bent over to straighten them.  I had 
a hand on each hip to steady her, and her pussy was right there, so I grasped 
her hips with one hand while the other guided my throbbing cock between the 
lips of her juicy cunt.  I pushed and about half of it sunk into her.
	"Oh! Oh!" she gasped, "We shouldn't do this."	
	I started pumping my cock in and out of her.  I could feel the hot silky 
feeling of her pussy encasing my cock as we sank to the cushions.  Her breath 
was coming in short pants and her tits heaved and swayed to the strokes I was 
taking.  I pulled my cock out and rolled her over onto her back, placed her legs 
over my shoulders and buried my cock clear to my balls in her hot, juicy cunt.  
She let out a wail of pure lust and started panting in my ear," Fuck me, fuck my 
hot pussy.  Fuck me till I come all over you.  I want you to come all over me. 
fuck me hard."
	I kept pumping hard and fast, my cock making a slurping sound as I 
pulled it almost out then buried it to the balls again and again.  She was 
moaning loudly, begging for more.  As I fucked her as hard and fast as I could, I 
glanced toward my door just in time to see my sister duck back inside.  After 
about five minutes of nonstop humping I started to come.  I grasp a tit in each 
hand and squoze her nipples as I spurted a load of cum deep into her cunt.  
Then gradually I pulled my cock out of her overflowing cunt.  Her cunt hair was 
matted with cum and her pussy was red and swollen.  She lay  back totally 
spent as I rolled onto my side my hands still playing with her tits.  We lay there 
for a few minutes then she raised up on one elbow.
	"You dance pretty good for a youngster," she said, "I think we may have 
to do this again."
	"Yeah,” I agreed, "when we get a good chance we'll do just that.  But 
right now I want you to suck my cock and get it hard so I can fuck you again 
right now."
	"You're a horny little fucker, aren't you?", she grinned as she cupped my 
balls with one hand, grasped my shaft with the other and lowered her lips to the 
head of my cock.  Her tongue flicked out searching for all the cum and pussy 
juice still covering my cock.  Then her lips opened and she sucked my cock clear 
to the back of her throat.  After a few minutes of this I had a raging hardon 
again.  She smiled as she looked at it.  
	"Well, how you going to fuck me this time?", she asked.
	"Long, deep and frequently,” I laughed as I sank my cock into her 
sopping cunt.  
	It was well after dark when I made my way back to my room, having 
made arrangements to get together again when we had the opportunity.
	When I got back to my room, I decided I needed another shower.  After 
a good hot shower I came out into my bedroom with a towel over my head 
drying my hair.  I got almost to the bed before I took the towel from drying my 
hair and saw my sister setting on my bed.  I didn't know what to do so I just 
played it cool and asked, "What the hell are you doing in here?"
	"Just waiting for you,” she said, "I want to talk to you for a minute."  
She seemed mesmerized by my cock and nervously licked her lips.  She was 
sitting right in the middle of my bed toward the headboard with her legs 
crossed and tucked under her.  She was wearing a light semi-see through baby 
doll pajama top that just barely covered her ass.  She is my little sister but she's 
seventeen and very well developed.  I stretched out across the foot of the bed 
facing her, drew one leg up so that my cock and balls were clearly visible and 
said, "Well, talk away.  What do you want to know?"
	"Well,” she stammered, "I was looking out your door and saw you 
swimming in the Smith's pool and I . . . "
	"Yeah, go on,” I urged.
	"I saw you get out of the pool.  You were naked and your thing was 
hard and stiff, sticking straight out in front of you."
	"And then?", I prompted.
	"Then you started dancing with her and pretty soon you undid her 
bikini and you were both naked."
	I stretched out on the bed, reached down and took my cock in one hand 
and stroked it a couple of times. "This thing is my cock,” I said, "and these are 
my balls.  What else did you see?"
	"Well, then you walked to the cushions together and she bent over to 
straighten them out.  You took her by the hips and shoved your...ah, cock right 
in her but."
	I burst out laughing.  I couldn't help it just bubbled up.
	"Not her but, you dummy," I chuckled, "I slide my cock right up her 
cunt.  Then I fucked her.  What else did you see?"
	Her face was flushed and her breathing was coming a little quicker.  Her 
breasts were raising and falling with each breath.  She squirmed around on the 
bed for a moment, then continued "Well by that time it was getting very dark 
and I couldn't see everything but you seemed to be wrestling around a lot. Then 
I thought you saw me looking so I left and went to my room."
	"Well you certainly got your eyes full,” I said, "so what do you want me 
to do?"
	"I want you to teach me about what you were doing,” she answered, "I 
want to know everything."  She squirmed around on the bed some more and 
then asked, "Can I touch it?", pointing at my semi-hard cock.
	"Yeah, I guess so,” I said, "but be really gentle, it's kind of tender right 
now.  Did you see what Mrs. Smith done after we got through fucking the first 
time?"
	"No,” she said as she stretched to touch my cock.  She had to straighten 
one leg out to the side and as she reached for my cock her pajama top pulled up 
above her belly.  Just as I suspected she didn't have any panties on.  I could see 
the light brown hair curling around her cunt. The lips of her pussy were parted 
slightly and I could see the pink inner flesh.  Her breasts were hanging away 
from her body and swayed as her hand reached its target, "What did she do?"
	"She sucked my cock till it got hard, then I fucked her again."  Her hand 
had circled my cock and she gave a couple of soft tentative strokes. It was 
rapidly growing harder and she watched it closely.  "If you make it hard, I'm 
going to have to fuck you too.”
	"Will you teach me what to do?", she asked as she continued to stroke 
my prick.
	"Sure,” I replied, "But first you've got to take your pajama top off.  It’s 
not fair that I'm the only one naked."
	She quickly sat up and pulled the top over her head.  Her breasts 
bounced a little as she did and her nipples were hard and stiff.  I reached up and 
cupped a breast with one hand and gave a little squeeze.  "Get over here so I 
can suck your tits,” I said, “Haven't you ever been played with before?"	
	"Well, a couple of guys played with my boobs before, and Jimmy stuck 
his cock a little way in me once but he just did a couple of pumps and then 
pulled it out and squirted all over my belly.  I guess I'm really dumb, huh?"
	Her hand was stroking me rapidly and my cock was hard and stiff.  "See 
what you've done,” I asked, "Now I'll have to fuck your brains out."  She was 
laying on her side, leaning on one elbow so I could suck her tit so I just knelt up 
on the bed, put a hand behind her head and guided her lips toward my cock.  
Her hand was still around my shaft as I said, "Stop stroking it now, just hold it 
and suck on it a little."
	She leaned her head toward my rigid member and gently flicked her 
tongue over the head of it.  Slowly she licked the entire length of it before 
taking it into her mouth and started to move her head up and down the length 
of it.  She was a quick learner.
	After a few minutes of that she stopped sucking and looking up at me 
asked, "How am I doing? Am I doing it right? Do you like me to do this to you?"
	"Your doing great,” I told her, "we'll practice that more later but now its 
time to shove this hard cock into your hot wet pussy."  I was already kneeling so 
I just gently pushed her back onto the bed and positioned my self between her 
spread legs.  	
	"Okay now,” I said, " I'm going to put my arms under your knees and 
kind of roll you up.  You'll see how it opens and positions your cunt so I can 
push my cock into it."  As I lifted her legs, I let my cock rub up and down 
between the lips of her juicy pussy. 
	 "We need to get it all lubricated so it will slide in easily", I explained.  
	I took one hand and guided the head of my cock between the open lips 
of her cunt and gentle pushed.  It started in so I started a slow withdrawal then 
quickly pushed in a little further.  She gasped as I entered her deeper and 
deeper, twisting her hips around and raising her ass to meet each thrust. Soon 
we were in a smooth natural rythem, she was moaning with each thrust and the 
bedsprings were squeaking in a familiar pattern.  She cum twice and my balls 
were tightening up as I neared a climax when all of a sudden the door flew open 
and our mother rushed into the room.
	"What the hell's going on,” she shouted, "What do you think you're 
doing?"  She stopped in the middle of the room and stared at us as if she 
couldn't believe her eyes.
	"I'm fucking the shit out of your daughter, what in the hell does it look 
like,” I gasped as my balls tightened and I started to cum.
	"Stop it right now,” she yelled as she moved toward me and gave my ass 
a whack with her hand.
	It was the finishing straw and I drove my cock right to the balls and shot 
a load of hot creamy cum deep into my sister’s cunt.  I groaned and grunted as I 
spurted my load into her cunt and my mother just stood there and stared at us.  
My sister had wrapped her legs around my back and her arms around my neck 
and was twisting her hips to meet each thrust.  After a minute or so we just 
relaxed and I rolled off Susie.  My cock pulled out as I rolled onto my side and 
dribbled the last few drops onto her stomach.  Her cunt was gooey and matted 
with cum and the lips of her pussy remained slightly parted.  We just lay their 
catching our breath, wondering what was going to happen next.
	"What do you kids think you're doing?", she finally asked. "Don't you 
know this is wrong?  Why are you doing it?"
	"One question at a time and I'll see if I can answer them for you,” I said, 
"but while we're asking questions why did you come rushing in my room 
without knocking?"
	"Why I was going to take a shower and as I went by your room I heard 
moaning and groaning and the bedsprings were squeaking so loud the neighbors 
probably heard them but that's not what needs to be answered here.  Now you 
answer my questions."  She came to the edge of the bed and sat down. 
	 She was wearing a short white terry cloth robe kind of like mine, tied 
at the waist with a cloth belt.  The upper part had opened a little and I could see 
she didn't have a bra on.  I could almost see to the bottom of one breast. My 
sister and I just laid there, cum dripping onto her belly from my rapidly 
shrinking cock.
	"Well let's see,” I said, "where should I start.  I guess it started when I 
got home from fucking Mrs. Smith."  
	Mom's mouth dropped open as she gasped, "You fucked Mrs. Smith this 
afternoon too?"
	"Yeah, well I went over to go swimming and Mrs. Smith was out by her 
pool in a little bikini and one thing led to another but anyway when I got home 
I took a shower and when I come out into this room Susie was setting on my 
bed.  She told me she had seen what Mrs. Smith and I had been doing and 
wanted me to explain it all to her.  Then she wanted to touch my cock and 
things just seemed to escalate from there.  You saw the rest."
	"What were you kids thinking about?  You know this isn't right don't 
you?", mom asked as she turned to face us raising one leg onto the bed.  Her 
robe was coming loose at the waist but she didn't seem to notice.  When she had 
tucked one leg under her the robe had also opened at the bottom and I could 
see she was naked under the robe.
	"Hell it just happened.  It wasn't planned or anything.  Anyway we  
started and it felt so good we just kept going.  Besides you shouldn't get too 
bent out of shape.  You like a good stiff cock just as well as the next person."
	"What are you talking about,” mom gasped, "you can’t talk to me like 
that?  You've no call to say something like that."
	"Remember last Tuesday,” I asked, "well I came home early in the 
afternoon.  The plumber was in the kitchen installing the garbage disposal and 
you were taking a shower when I got home.  Shortly after I got home the 
plumber called and asked you to come and turn the water on while he checked 
for leaks." 
	 My Moms face was flushing up nicely cause she knew what was 
coming. 
	"You went down stairs wearing exactly what you're wearing now."  
Mom gasped and looking down started to pull the robe together.  I reached out 
and took her hand.  "Don't,” was all I said and she stopped and relaxed a little.  
	"Anyway you went down to the kitchen.  The plumber was on his back 
under the sink so you just straddled him and turned on the water.  You knew he 
was looking up your robe and had a perfect view of your cunt.  After fiddling 
around under the sink for a while he set up with his head under your robe. Now 
I couldn't see what he was doing but from the way your legs were trembling and 
your ass was moving I'll bet he was eating out your pussy. 
	 In a minute or two you just stepped back and leaned against the 
kitchen counter.  He got up and took his clothes off while you just stood and 
watched him.  He had a throbbing hardon as he stepped toward you.  He 
reached out and pulled the robe belt just like this,” I said as I reached over and 
loosened the belt of her robe.  The robe fell open exposing her large firm tits, 
the nipples were large and dark, standing stiffly as her breasts rose and fell with 
her rapid breathing.  Dark curly hair covered her pussy and a telltale moistness 
was starting to ooze from her cunt.  Susie's tits were heaving as her breath got 
shorter.  This story was turning us all on.  Mom reached to pull the robe closed 
but again I said “don't,” and she stopped.
	"He lifted you onto the counter, got his arms under your legs and bent 
you back just like I had Susie and drove his rock hard cock deep into your pussy.  
You guys fucked in so many positions and for so long that it would take all night 
to tell about them.  Do you want me to continue?"
	"No, I don't think it's necessary.  I get the idea."
	"But what about the time with Jimmy,” Susie asked, "Don't you want me 
to tell you about the time I saw you with Jimmie in your bedroom?"
	"No,” Mom said, "I think I've heard enough."
	"Well then climb into bed with us and we'll discuss what we're going to 
do about the situation,” I invited.  I sat up on the bed and held my hand out to 
her.  She took it and scooted onto the bed, sitting between Susie and me.  I 
reached over and slowly pulled on the robe.  It dropped from her shoulders, 
down her arms, and she lifted her hands out of the sleeves.  I tossed the robe to 
the floor.  She sat there between us wondering what to do next.  Susie reached 
over and pulled her down on the bed between us. 
	 "I want to suck your tits like I did when I was a baby,” Susie told her 
mom. 
	"Go ahead, baby, I like my tits sucked,” mom replied.  As Susie leaned 
over to take one of the large hard nipples between her lips I got on my knees 
and moved toward mom's head.  I straddled one arm and let my cock dangle 
above her mouth.  "You know what I want,” I said.  
	She just smiled a small crooked smile and reached up and took hold of 
my balls.  She slowly massaged them with soft tender strokes.  So there she lay 
one hand slowly stroking Susies hair as she was sucking her tit and the other 
hand slowly stroking my balls. 
	 My cock started to get hard again so I lowered myself toward her 
mouth.  The head of my cock brushed her lips and her tongue flicked out to 
caress the slit in it.  Slowly her lips engulfed the head of my prick and her 
tongue done a little dance around its tip.  I started a slow rocking motion, 
sliding an inch or two into her mouth then pulling it back.  Her hips began to 
squirm on the bed from all the attention she was getting.  My cock was 
throbbing  and I knew it wanted to be buried in a nice hot cunt.  "Susie,” I said 
and she looked up from the tit she was working on, "I'm going to fuck mom now 
and I want you to guide my cock, Okay?"
	"Oh, yes babe, I'd love to.  Do you think you can do me again when you 
get done?"
	"We'll see,” I replied, "We'll work something out."
	I pulled my cock from mom's lovely mouth and positioned myself 
between her legs.  I took my cock in one hand and rubbed its head up and down 
her pussy lips.  She was wet and hot!
	"Susie before I fuck this cunt would you like to eat it a little? , I asked.  
	"I don't know how, babe, what do I do?", she asked.
	"Just take your fingers and spread the lips. see that little bulge right 
there.  That’s her clit.  She loves to have that sucked and then lick everything 
you can see."
	"How do you know I like to have my clit sucked?", mom asked.  "Have 
you been watching more than you've told me about?"
	"Hell mom,” I replied, "I've been watching you get fucked and sucked 
since I was thirteen.  I just didn't know what to do about it.  I wish I had figured 
it out sooner.  We could have been having fun for the last six years."
	"Oh yes, oh yes, oohhh,” she moaned as Susie's tongue found its mark, 
"Oh that's so good."
	I just lay back and watched as Susie gave mom a good tongue lashing.  
She had hold of Susie's head and was pressing her cunt into Susie's mouth.  
After a few minutes of watching I decided it was time for me to get into the act.  
	I lay along the side of mom and slide one arm under her shoulders and 
had her roll over onto her side.  When she did her tit landed right in my hand so 
I squoze it a little.  Then I told Susie to stop eating pussy and help me fuck that 
hole.  I had her raise mom's leg straight up and then I moved over next to her.  
	"Okay Susie take my cock and place it between the lips of her cunt."  
When she took hold of my cock I thought I would cum right then but I held off.  
Susie placed the head of my cock at just the right spot and I gave a hard thrust 
and sank six inches of cock into my mom's cunt.  I started a slow thrusting 
motion, just taking it nice and easy. As I fucked her, I told Susie to get down 
between her legs and suck on her clit and if I pulled out to suck my cock for a 
second then place it back in.  We fucked like that for about ten minutes.  Mom 
was moaning and grinding her ass back at me and begging me to fuck her 
harder.  I pulled out, rolled her onto her back and sank it back in.  Clear to my 
balls.  I began to fuck her with long hard thrusts.  Every time I sank it clear in 
she'd moan and tell me to fuck her harder. Finally I could feel my balls 
tightening up and started to pump like crazy.  Just as I started to spurt mom's 
legs locked behind my back and she held me tightly as she also came with a long 
shuddering moan.  We lay there for several minutes locked together with my 
cock sunk clear to the hilt. Slowly mom began to relax, her legs sliding down my 
ass until her feet were on the bed. Her knee's relaxed slowly until they were 
almost flat on the bed.  I raised upon my elbows and looked down at her.  Her 
eyes were closed and a smile played across her lips. I started a slow rolling 
thrusting motion just withdrawing about an inch or so then letting it slide back 
in.  Her eyes opened and she smiled up at me.
	"Oh baby that was great.  I think that was the best orgasm I've ever 
had."  I continued the slow pumping just withdrawing a couple of inches then 
grinding it back in.  
	"Oh honey,” she sighed, "you're getting hard again.  I can feel it growing 
big again. Fuck me again, please."
	"I take it this means you're not going to yell at me again if you walk in 
and I'm fucking Susie,” I asked.
	"No baby, I'll probably just crawl into bed with you and see if you can 
give me some of that lovely cock to."
	"And if I want a little of this pussy you'll give it whenever I want.  And if 
I want a blowjob you'll drop right to your knees?"
	"Yes baby, I'll suck your balls dry."  The pumping was getting a little 
harder and faster.  Her legs were starting to circle my back again. I looked down 
at her and raised to my knees.  She began to twist and writhe under me as she 
responded to every thrust.  Her breath was coming in little gasps.
	"Oh damn you.  You're going to make me come again. Fuck me hard and 
fast, damn you. Fuck Me!"
	When we both come again, I just collapsed on top of her. Her legs were 
all sprawled out and I just lay there with my cock still buried in her pussy.  
Finally I opened my eyes and raised up a little so I could look at her.  She smiled 
up at me and said, "Well I believe I've been fairly fucked."  She started to giggle 
and I asked her why.  She said she had seen me getting out of the shower quite 
a few times and wondered how she was ever going to get a piece of my cock 
when all she had to do was ask.
	"Yup,” I answered, "and that's all you still have to do."
	I raised up off her and pulled my cock from her sopping wet gooey cum 
filled cunt and flopped over on my back beside her.  Susie sat on the edge of the 
bed and gave us both a pouting look.
	"I think you both forgot about me,” she pouted, "I was the one that was 
supposed to get the lessons."
	"Yeah,” I agreed, "and your still going to get them.  Just not for a little 
while.  I've got to rest for a while. Turn out the lights.  I’ve got to get some 
sleep.”
	We all three snuggled down in bed, me in the middle, and I drifted off 
to sleep thinking "One hell of a fucking day."
	 I awoke next morning with the familiar feeling of a hardon yet 
something was surely different.  I got the distinct feeling of something warm 
and wet slowly moving up and down my cock.  I opened one eye and there 
staring me right in the face was a hairy, wet cunt. I followed the body up to see 
Susie resting on her elbows with a mouthful of my cock.  I looked over the other 
shoulder and there was Mom smiling at me as she watched Susie give me a 
blowjob.
	"Good morning sweetie, how's that for a way to wake you up?
I believe she's a fast learner, don't you?"
	"Yeah mom, she must take after you." Mom grinned at me and swatted 
me on the shoulder, then rolled over and stuck one of her tits in my mouth.
	"That should shut you up for a minute,” she said grinning.
	I sucked hard on her nipple then gave it a little bite.
	She jerked her tit away, swearing and smiling all at the same time.  I 
reached one hand down and parted the lips of her cunt and slipped a finger into 
its hot moistness.  She sighed and lay back as I began to finger fuck her.  I put 
my other hand between Susie's legs and parted the hair surrounding her cunt. I 
gently spread the lips of her cunt and leaned my head over and gently started to 
lick her clit.  Susie began to shiver and tremble as I ate her pussy  Her hips 
bucked and pitched as she came.  I sat up in bed, my finger still in mom's cunt 
and told Susie to get on her hands and knees.  She lowered her head to the 
pillow and I knelt behind her.  Mom sat up beside me, took my cock in her hand 
and guided it into the hot juicy hole that Susie had waiting.  I plunged it in as 
far as I could. Susie grunted and said "Oh that’s good.  Fuck me faster. Fuck me 
harder. More, Please!"  Mom just grinned at me as I pumped as fast and hard as 
I could.  Susie was moaning  and panting and I felt my balls tighten up for a 
second before I came.  I shoved it in to my balls and shot a load of hot cum into 
her pussy.  She came just as I did and we just collapsed in a heap on the bed. 
	As we were laying there recuperating, we heard footsteps on the stair 
outside my door.  Mom and Susie scrambled to get under the covers and I 
grabbed my robe and stepped to the door.  About half way up the stairs was 
Mrs. Smith.  She smiled as she saw me and putting a finger to her lips motioned 
for me to be quiet.  I smiled at her and motioned for her to come on up.  I 
stepped down a couple of steps to meet her and slipped my hand inside her 
robe.  I'd guessed right.  Nothing on under the robe.
	"Good morning sweetie,” I said, "What's going on this morning?"
	"I just got to thinking of you, babe, and just had to sneak over for a 
morner,” she grinned at me, her hand going to the belt on my robe.  She pulled 
and it came loose.  My semi-hard, still gooey with pussy juice, cock hung there, 
red and slippery.
	"What's going on,” she asked looking at my freshly fucked cock.  You've 
been fucking already this morning."
	"Well I didn't know you were coming over but come on in anyway.  I 
think there's still life in the old member yet."
	She smiled at me as I loosened the belt on her robe and it fell open. I'd 
been right. Nothing on under it.  I glanced down at her pussy and noticed the 
lips were all red and puffy.
	"Looks like I'm not the only one that's been fucking around all ready this 
morning,” I said.
	"Not really,” she answered, " I got to thinking about last night and got 
out my dildo for a while but it just wasn't doing the job.  Do you think you can?"
	"Sure,” I replied, "come on in."  I slipped my arm around her waist 
under the robe.  The robe fell off her shoulder, hanging on just by her elbows.  I 
slipped my other arm around her and pulled her close against me.  My cock was 
getting hard again and it pressed against her belly.  I backed her up the stairs 
and through the door into my bedroom. As soon as we were inside, she dropped 
the robe to the floor. 
	 Over her shoulder I saw Susie setting on the bed.  Mom was standing 
beside it.  They were both still naked.  Cum was still dripping from Susie's cunt 
and Mom's cunt was moist and red from the fingering I'd given it.  
	Mom came up behind us, reached down and picked up the robe and 
said, “No use getting this robe all dirty.  Let me hang it up for you."  I thought 
Mrs. Smith was going to break her neck the way she flipped her head around.  
She tried to push away but I had a cheek of her ass in each hand and just pulled 
her tight against me.
	"What's going on,” she asked, "What are you doing?"
	"Oh I just finished fucking Susie and was about ready to give Mom what 
she wants when we heard you coming up the back stairs to get what you want.  
Right?"
	"Well right, I guess, but you fucked your sister and Mother"
	"Guilty as charged,” I smiled at her, "But then I fucked you last night 
and your Mike's mom and probably your someone's sister to.  So what's 
different?"
	"Nothing I guess,” she conceded, "but it just feels kind of funny."
	"It didn't feel funny at all,” I told her, "it felt good.  Warm and juicy.  
Just the way yours is going to feel!  Here let me introduce you to Mom and 
Susie."  Mom was right beside us so I said, "Mom, this is Mrs. Smith, our 
neighbor."
	"Glad to meet you,” mom said as she reached between us and pushed 
my cock down to meet the lips of Mrs. Smith's pussy. "I hear you've been taking 
good care of my boy."
	I pushed a little and with my hands on her ass I slipped about three or 
four inches into her.
	Mrs. Smith caught her breath as my cock slid into her. "Well Yes, I've 
tried to be nice to him.  He comes over swimming quite often."  Mom let go of 
my cock and slid her hands between us to cup Mrs. Smith's tits.  She rolled the 
nipples between her fingers and gently pinched them.  As she did, she pressed 
her own tits into Mrs. Smith's back and rubbed her pussy against my hands 
which were still holding the cheeks of Mrs. Smiths ass.  
	Mom let go of Mrs. Smith and moved away, toward the bed.  I had 
started fucking Mrs. Smith nice and slow, sinking it in and gently pulling it out.  
Her breath was coming in short gasps, and her hips had matched the rythem I 
was setting.  The soft slurping sound of my cock going in and out was clearly 
audible over her hoarse breathing.
	"Well,” mom said, "you just going to stand in the middle of the floor and 
fuck her, are or you going to come to the bed where you can do the job right?"
	"Mom's right,” I said, pulling my cock out of her pussy, "We should get 
on the bed.”
	"Okay,” Mrs. Smith agreed, "where should I get?"
	"Just crawl there in the middle,” I said, "I'm right behind you."  She got 
into bed and sat there as I walked toward the bed, my cock stiff and red and wet 
with pussy juice.  As I got close to the bed I stopped, then moved in front of 
Mom.  I reached out and pulled her head toward me.  
	She looked up, smiled and asked, "Right now?"  I smiled at her and 
nodded.  She took my cock in one hand, my balls in the other and pulled me 
closer to her.  She bent her head and I could feel her lips close over my cock.  
She gently sucked and licked until it was rigid as a pipe. Mrs. Smith just sat 
there and watched, her breath coming in little gasps. 
	 After a few minutes I pulled away and crawled into bed and knelt 
between Mrs. Smith's legs.  I smiled down at her and asked, "did I introduce you 
to Susie?"  She said no so I said, "Susie this is Mrs. Smith, our neighbor, the one 
you watched me fuck last night.  Say hello to our neighbor."  She did then Mrs. 
Smith said "Hi Susie.  You can come over and swim to if you'd like to."  	All 
the time this was happening I was kneeling between her legs with my cock in 
my hand rubbing the head of it up and down her slit.  As the greetings were 
finished I just leaned forward took a tit in each hand and sunk my cock clear to 
the balls. 
	 She sucked in her breath in one big gulp and whispered up to me. "Oh 
yes . . .  more baby . . . oh fuck me . . .  harder."  I was giving her long strokes, 
the full eight inches and every time I hit bottom she would grunt and catch her 
breath.  Her legs rapped around my back and her ass was doing a dance to 
match the rythem of my thrusts.  The bedsprings were singing their lovely tune 
and Mom and Susie were playing with my balls with one hand and squeezing 
Mrs. Smith's tits with the other.  
	I thought I was in heaven.  
	I could sense Mrs. Smith was about to cum so I stepped up the rythem 
to double time.  As Mrs. Smith came I filled her cunt with my creamy white cum 
and then just collapsed on top of her.  We lay there, catching our breath for a 
while.  Finally I pulled out, my cock making a loud slurping sound as I withdrew 
from the juicy confines of her cunt.  Cum poured out and ran down the crack of 
her ass. 
	 Mom jumped up and got a towel, came over and wiped off my cock 
then took the towel and started to clean the mess up on Mrs. Smith's cunt.  Mrs. 
Smith jerked back and asked what she was doing.  Mom just told her to lie back 
and let her clean up the mess.  Mrs. Smith lay back and Mom wiped her cunt 
and asshole clean then leaned down and started licking Mrs. Smiths inner thigh. 
	 Mrs. Smith gasped and tried to move away but Mom was persistent 
and slowly Mrs. Smith relaxed and let her continue her  cleaning.  She did one 
leg then the other all the time working closer to the lips of Mrs. Smiths pussy.  
They were puffy and red from the agitation they had received.  Mom said "Oh 
your poor pussy lips are all puffy.  Let me see if I can make them feel better."  
	Hearing no protest she leaned down and gently spread the lips of her 
pussy.  Gently she kissed the puffy lips then with her tongue slowly began to 
lick the whole slit paying special attention to her clit.  Mrs. Smith was beginning 
to get hot again and Mom just buried her face in her cunt and sucked and licked 
up a storm.  As she was doing this her ass was sticking high in the air just kind 
of waving back and forth as she tried to get into a better position.  I thought she 
was in a good position as it was so I slipped behind her and stuck my cock into 
her juicy cunt. 
	 Susie was sucking on Mrs. Smith's tits then got up and straddled 
Mrs.Smiths head, lowering her pussy right to Mrs. Smiths mouth.  I pounded my 
cock deep into Moms cunt until we both came.  We all just fell into a big pile.  
After a bit we all got up and took a shower together.
	  We put on our robes and as Mrs. Smith was leaving she invited us all 
over to have a swim later that afternoon.  Mom, Susie and I went down stairs to 
fix some breakfast although by now it was lunchtime. Oh what a beautiful 
morning.  
	It was going to be a beautiful week. 















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
