Copyright © 1997 Chili Peeler.  ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.







Subject: Chili Repost: The Swing Man - Part 1 (swinging)
From: chilipeelr@aol.com (ChiliPeelr)


*********************************************************************
THE FOLLOWING STORY CONTAINS GRAPHIC LANGUAGE
AND DESCRIPTIONS OF SEXUAL ACTIVITIES.  THIS MATERIAL
IS DISTRIBUTED "FOR ADULTS ONLY" AND POSSESSION BY
A MINOR IS STRICTLY FORBIDDEN.  IF YOU ARE UNDER 18
YEARS OF AGE - GO FIND SOMETHING ELSE TO READ.
********************************************************************

The Swing Man by Chili Peeler (chilipeelr@aol.com)

Part 1

   "She said no."
   "Definitely no?"
   "I would have to say yes, definitely. If it's any consolation, it
wasn't because it was you. I just think the whole idea made her
uncomfortable....I think she thinks it will hurt our marriage."
   "That's too bad. If you ask me, it would only make it
better....well, damn.....listen the offer is still open if you want to
come out. Carmen's definitely up for it."
   "Really?...I thought it was a package deal."
   "I would have liked that, man. You know I've always had a thing
for Stella, even if she is a prissy little thing. But, it doesn't mean
you have to sit around on your hands....it's time to live a little.
You've earned it."
   "You are so right...I'll call you tomorrow after I think about my
alibi."
   "All right, talk to ya then."
   Jonas Elliot placed the phone back on its cradle and stared out
the window wall of his 19th story Century City office. It was a
relatively unsmoggy day in Los Angeles and he could see the blue
Pacific way out beyond Santa Monica.
   'Well, just when things were getting a little dull,' he thought. 'My
brother makes me an offer I can't refuse? The lucky son-of-a-bitch
shouldn't be the only one having fun. I'll just drive out and screw
this new chickie.'
   He opened the drawer of his desk and pulled out the Polaroid
Lance had sent him. Carmen was one hot looking woman. In the
photo, she was wearing a skimpy white bikini that contrasted
nicely with her deep tanned skin. Long, dark-brown hair with some
blonde highlights.
   'She must have some Latin blood in her...maybe even some
black ancestors,' Jonas mused, trying to remember who she
reminded him of. Then it came to him - Paula Abdul, the singer.
His daughter had pointed her out to him at a Kings game a couple
of years ago. Carmen's face had that same look, the full lips,
longer legs though. And Carmen's chest was much bigger,
obviously she had had some work done.
   "I'm going to enjoy doing that," he said out loud. He could
almost kiss Lance for even bringing up the idea. He'd been talking
to his brother at a cook-out at his Brentwood home several weeks
ago and Lance, who was ten years younger than he, had started
kidding him about slowing down at his old age of 41. Of course, he
was referring to the number of women he was sleeping around with
behind Stella's back. 
   Years ago, Jonas had sold his soul to the Devil - namely the
former owner of the law firm he worked for, Stella's father. Jonas
had seen the opportunity of marrying his way to partner status.
He'd tried to remain faithful for five or six years, even had a child
because Stella wanted one so bad. But temptations were around
every door and once Stella's father passed away, leaving him
firmly entrenched in the law firm, he'd begun to open some of
those doors.
   He'd been discreet and the thrill had been good. Finding willing
partners had not been a problem; he worked out at the LA Sports
Club several times a week and was in pretty good shape. 6'1",
black hair with a smattering of gray, a mustache that was going
grayer faster, good definition on the chest, legs in pretty good
shape from racquetball. 
   Women wanted him and didn't care if he was married.
Clandestine motel meetings with secretaries, an occasional
female lawyer or even some escort girls. He'd pay for it if it was
good stuff, no problem with that. Hell, he had enough money to
retire on comfortably even if Stella found out and took him for half.  
   Anyway, Lance had been kidding him about whether he could
still get it up. He'd remarked to Lance that he was getting enough
on the side but he did wished he had Lance's life once in a while;
Lance's life seemed to be a string of parties and loose women,
many of them in their 20's.
   Lance had gotten sort of serious and had taken him aside and
told him that he had fallen in with a crowd out in Palm Springs that
liked to swing, wife-swap, fly in call girls from LA or Vegas. There
was a lot of money in Palm Springs, old and new, and Lance had
made some connections and gotten invited to some parties,
swinger parties. His good looks and the ability to bring some hot
girlfriends had made him a regular. And he said they were always
looking for new faces, preferably people with money to minimize
the chance of someone going to the press.
   So, that's how he had arrived at where he was today. He'd tried
to talk Stella into trying a little swinging with Lance and Carmen to
begin with. He'd known the odds were stacked against him but
he'd pitched the idea with all his might. If Stella would agree, their
marriage would have gone up to the point that he could stand it. Of
course, Stella, the ice queen, had vetoed the idea before it saw
the light of day.
   'Well, you can't teach an old dog new tricks,' he thought,
knowing it applied to Stella and himself also. He put the picture of
Carmen back in his drawer and got up and walked to the window,
rubbing the back of his neck as he pondered how he should
proceed. 

   Jonas waited three days before he took the plunge.
   He'd originally thought he might tell Stella he was going to San
Diego on an overnight business trip or maybe to Vegas for a
convention. But he was worried she might try to call him and the
whole secret would unravel. Talking it over with Lance, they had
decided he should just drive out one work day.
   "Just drive the hell out...tell your office you're at a meeting and
you'll call in for messages. Easy as pie, Jonesy," Lance promised.
   "You know, I think that's the best.....I should get out there
around lunchtime. Let me buy you two a lunch.....someplace
nice."
   "Shit, partner!  The only thing you'll be eating when you get out
here is a little Carmen pussy!"
   "Lance, I better not be wasting a day driving out there.....your
little piece of ass better put out," Jonas said.
   "Buddy, this is a sure thing!  Carmen can't wait to get it on with
you....I've shown her your picture, too. Know this...when you get
out here, you will be getting you're noodle wet."
   He'd tried to act like himself the next morning. He got up,
showered, went downstairs and said good-bye to Stella like a
thousand other days. He took his briefcase and went out and got
into his Lexus sedan. He'd put some things in the briefcase that
he normally would not have - a toothbrush, another bottle of his
usual cologne, a pair of underwear and some condoms. He wasn't
sure if he'd need any of it but it was there if need be.
   He drove south into Century City and went up to his office
briefly. He put on a show of having forgot some papers for a
meeting that he had to go to and hurried out, saying he'd call in for
messages.
   Then, it was out on the freeway and he headed east toward the
desert.

   The drive was almost two and a half hours; he'd done the trip
faster in the past but he wasn't going to risk getting a ticket.
   'That's how they caught Son of Sam,' Jonas thought and
chuckled at the analogy. Him, an attorney, worried about leaving
clues.
   The desert heat was shimmering across Highway 11 as he
came within view of the outskirts of Palm Springs; it was probably
already in the low 90's.
   It had surprised him when Lance had moved to Palm Springs
from Florida a year ago. Lance only said that he liked the heat and
the desert but Jonas was pretty sure he'd had to leave Florida to
avoid some trouble. He had an idea that Lance might have been
running drugs; he led a somewhat extravagant lifestyle for a man
with no high school diploma.
   Whatever he was into, Jonas loved the guy. Especially if Lance
was going to start throwing some tail at him.
   He pulled up in front of Lance's condo and shut off the car. He
got out, looking around the lush manicured grounds of the
community. He removed his suit jacket and tie and left them in the
backseat. Taking his briefcase, he walked toward the front door of
the condo and Lance came out before he was halfway there.
   "Jonas, welcome to Shangri-La," he said, dramatically waving
his arms back at his place. His brother was dressed for the
weather in a pair of shorts and a sleeveless mesh football jersey.
His longish hair, mustache and scruffy beard gave him a Hell's
Angel-like look, at least that early in the morning. When Lance
wanted to clean up, he got melt some hearts with that smile and
his hair done back in a ponytail. "Hey, you could have left the
briefcase at home...you're not going to be taking a depo, for
Christssakes."
   "Maybe it's full of money," Jonas kidded him as they shook
hands. "You know how I hate to be in your debt."
   "Yeah, well, believe me, you are going to be after today. Come
on in before the neighbors get the idea that I'm respectable."
   Jonas followed him to the door and then entered as Lance
ushered him in. Jonas walked down the entrance hallway, passing
the stairs that led to the two bedrooms above and stopped at the
doorway to the livingroom which was to his left. It was empty, so
he turned to see where Lance would direct him.
   "Go ahead and set your case down there inside the door,"
Lance said. When Jonas straightened up from doing so, he saw
Lance was standing on the bottom step of the stairs. "Come on
up," he said with a grin.
   Jonas followed Lance upstairs and into his bedroom where he
saw Carmen for the first time. Lance's bedroom had a small
solarium off one side and he saw Carmen, wearing Wayfarers,
laying on a towel-draped, wood slat sunchair in the patch of
sunlight that came down through the rectangular chimney-like
room.
   It was a nice private set-up and Carmen was topless. He had
been right about the non-authenticity of her breasts; real breasts
didn't stand up like that. They were beauties. Jonas guessed they
were maybe 38C's, like softballs with skin stretched over them.
Beautiful, flawless bronze skin capped by half dollar sized pinkish
aureole. She had on a bright blue bikini bottom, the kind that rode
high on her hips and then plunged down between her legs in a V
pattern. Her legs looked like she had been into weight training at
some point in the past; her thighs were powerful looking but her
calves looked small.
   "Look at that little honey," Lance said in a whisper. "Acting like
she don't know we're here watching her." Jonas turned to look at
his brother. "That's right, I told her you had arrived.  She's just
giving you a little show...oh, look at that."
   Jonas looked quickly back at Carmen to see her slowly dragging
the fingers of her right hand down her stomach. As they both
watched, Carmen ran those fingers under the front of her bikini
bottoms, tantalizingly slow, as she also moved her feet onto the
solarium floor, one on each side of the chair. Then, with the
junction of her legs on display and half of her hand hidden in the
bikini, Jonas saw her fingers begin slowly moving. Carmen was
obviously indulging herself in a little self-stimulation and Jonas
certainly felt stimulated himself.
   "What a cockteaser!" Jonas said in a complimentary way.
   "She don't tease, bro....she puts out, don't you worry." Lance
promised as he walked over to the solarium door. He opened it
and Carmen raised her head to look at him, drawing her hand from
her bottoms, as he said, "He's here, baby."
   "Oh..great!'" Carmen gushed, certainly sounding surprised.
Carmen sat up and swung her shapely legs into a pair of open-
toed heeled shoes and stood up as Lance walked back toward
where he stood. Lance gave him a wink.
   Carmen came into the bedroom, taking off her sunglasses. Her
face was flawless, high cheekbones, manicured eyebrows that
arched unnaturally over a pair of grey-blue eyes, a dazzling white
smile. She walked toward him. She hadn't made any attempt to
cover herself and Jonas found himself beginning to grow in his
pants.
   "Hi, Jonas...I'm Carmen." she said simply extending her hand.
   Jonas shook it, of course. "Carmen, it's my pleasure....to meet
such a beautiful woman."
   "Well, he's quite a charmer, Lance," she said, her eyes flashing
with mischief as she stared up at Jonas. The picture had made her
look taller but she was maybe 5' 6" in person. "And such a tall
drink of water," Carmen continued as she moved closer to Jonas
and slid her arm around him.
   Jonas let his left arm circle her neck and his left hand came
down on her shoulder, the skin feeling unusually hot and oily from
her sunbathing. She smelled like a pina colada and felt so soft. He
wanted to throw her down and fuck the shit out of her, lunch or no
lunch.
   "I can tell I'm going to enjoy your brother," Carmen said to Lance
and then looked up at him, "I hope your offer still stands for
lunch...I'm starving."
   "Yeah, sure," Jonas said, running his hand down Carmen's side,
his fingers just reaching around enough to graze the outside swell
of her left breast, "I can't promise that I won't tip over the table."
Jonas let the little vixen know that he was aroused at the contact
they were having.
   "Oh, we can't have that, honey," Carmen said, giving his side a
squeeze and pressing her right tit into his side. As she said this,
her right hand traveled up from the front of his thigh, where it had
been lightly laying, and her palm ran across his groin where it
couldn't help but encounter his coiled, stiffening member.
"Ooooooo.....I think I've found something here!"
   "You sure have, darling," Jonas said, moving his groin into her
hand. Jonas saw her head tilt down to watch her palm move back
and forth across a now undeniable tent in his pants. He looked at
his brother and he was headed for the bedroom door.
   "I just got a little work to take care of before we go eat...uh, it
looks like you two will be OK for a few minutes," he laughed
knowingly as he disappeared down the stairs.
   Jonas felt Carmen's hand move up onto his belt buckle and her
fingers went to work undoing it. "Jonas, I think Lance would like
me to take care of you before we go....you don't mind, do you?"
   "That may be the world's dumbest question," he said, rubbing
his fingers across her lithe back as she skillfully undid his pant's
button and unzipped him with her one hand. She hooked her
fingers in the front of his underwear and yanked them down far
enough for his penis to pop out.
   "Big dick's must run in your family," Carmen said as her hot
little hand latched onto his semi-erect and felt its weight.
   Jonas was in heaven. Carmen was certainly not a shy one!
   "Sit down on the bed and I'll work a little magic," Carmen
promised. "We'll calm this thing down so it won't bother us during
lunch."
   Jonas sat on the edge of the bed, hardly believing how quickly
things were happening but happy it was as Carmen dropped to her
knees in front of him. Her hands pulled his pants and briefs down
to around his knees as her eyes locked on his.
   "Do they call you Jonas because of this whale-sized dick?!" she
said hotly as her small hand wrapped around his drunkenly
swaying dick and began jacking it. It only took four strokes to get
it rock-hard. He was about eight inches long and pretty thick. He
could only smile at the thought of what the afternoon would be
like.
   "Let me see you get that thing in that pretty little mouth," Jonas
suggested as he ran a finger across her full lips and off her chin.
Any thoughts of Stella, his family, repercussions, anything.... went
right out the window. He had a gorgeous lady jacking him and it
felt so good.
   "Well, this is just going to be a quickie, so don't try to impress
me with your stamina....remember, I'm hungry," she said with a
wink and scooted closer between his spread legs. Her hot mouth
stretched over his bulbous dickhead and she began sucking him.
   "Jeeezzzzzuusss!" Jonas groaned at the incredible sensation of
young lips wrapped around his dick and the exotic sight of
Carmen's lovely face looking up at him. He fell back on his elbows
on the bed and Carmen began jacking him in her mouth.
   "UUnnnnngghhhh!" he groaned again. Carmen wasn't making
love to his dick, she was jerking on it like she was milking a cow! 
"That's it, you nasty girl...aaahhhhh....you are one fucking hot
cocksucker....shiitttttt ......can't you get more than that in your
mouth?"
   Carmen made a little mewing sound around his thick stick and
shocked the hell out of him by doing a quick deepthroat on him.
Her lips just kept right on sinking and he felt his cockhead being
pushed and bent forward to get a little ways down her throat. Just
as quickly she drew her mouth off of him and smiled devilishly as
she kept jacking him.
   "Does that answer your question?" she said and gave the
underside of his shaft a long slow lick from the bottom to the
glans. With her mouth back on top, she started sucking and
jacking him again.
   Jonas was going to shoot soon, he just couldn't hold back. He
imagined himself just letting go....imagined her pulling off and his
cum flying all over his lap and on his shirt....oh, Christ! the shirt! 
He couldn't go home with a cum-stained shirt!
   "Wait!" he gasp, as he tried to sit up and begin unbuttoning his
shirt from the bottom. Carmen took her mouth off his ready-to-pop
prick. "This is the only shirt I brought."
   Carmen brushed his hands away and said, "Don't
worry....Carmen's not going to let anything get on your
shirt.....ooooo, come in my mouth and I'll swallow every drop!" Her
hand strongly milked his organ again.
   "All right, baby, get your mouth over it and I'll blow the back of
your head off!" Jonas halfway kidded her. This sexpot was going to
make him shoot his nuts through his dick.
    She took him in her mouth again and swallowed him to the
back of her throat in a long slow descent, moving her head up
against his stomach to get the proper angle. Jonas felt her hand
cup his balls and lightly squeezed them. Jonas just had to come
for his voracious cocksucking slut. It was everything he'd
dreamed.... just having sex for the sake of having sex, no strings,
no commitments.
   "Carmen, get ready!......Here it comes, baby," he warned her
unnecessarily.
   He felt her lips slide back up to just underneath the rim of his
crown and her hand started jacking him and he just let go. Three
days worth of his cum shot up into Carmen's skillful mouth and
she just kept right on jacking, both of them moaning in his
brother's bedroom.
   "AAAAGGGHHHHH!" Jonas shuddered as his brother's latest
talent swallowed all he could give her. He could feel her concave
cheeks mold themselves around his trembling shaft as she
sucked him off. He thought he'd never stop coming; it was like he
was supercharged or had thrown the switch to a reserve cum tank.
His nuts actually hurt when he was through.
   He came out of his post-sex stupor to find Carmen licking her
lips over his slick dick tip. She gave him a knowing look and
milked another drop of pearly discharge out of his pisshole with a
strong tug on his deflating dick. Her tongue lapped it up like a
white chocolate treat.
   "Oh, shit...that was.....mind-blowing," Jonas complimented her.
   She kissed the bottom of his wilting wand and said, "I might
have to skip lunch, you devil....hold this for me." Jonas held his
dick up off his shirt as she walked in the bathroom and came back
with a washcloth which she handed to him. She leaned down and
gave him a quick kiss.
   "I'm gonna take a quick shower....tell Lance he better change,
I'm not gonna be long." She headed for the bathroom and Jonas
mopped up his crotch as he watched her ass jiggle out of sight.
   'Can you believe this shit?!' he thought to himself as he pulled
his pants back up. 'Fuck, what a little sex doll...so at ease with
the whole thing...hi, how are ya....come in my mouth!'
   He went down the stairs feeling particularly light on his feet and
found Lance sitting on the couch in the livingroom. 
   "Did I tell you?...did I tell you?" he said bounding off the couch
and punching Jonas in the arm. Lance seemed as excited as
Jonas had been upstairs.
   "Lance, how you are able to still walk is beyond me," Jonas
said, feigning exhaustion as he sat in a chair. "Where the hell did
you find her?"
   "Yeah, she's a ballbuster, all right.....I met her at one of those
parties I told you about. Some guy flew her up from Puerto Rico for
this party...and I took her home," Lance said proudly.
   "This guy didn't have a problem with that?"
   "Who knows? Hell, the guy was doing two blondes last time I
saw him."
   "You're talking an orgy, right?"
   "I don't know any other word to describe it, Jonas...bodies going
at it right and left."
   Jonas had to find a women to take to those parties. Lance had
said they were strictly a couples thing...no singles were allowed.
He'd hire a girl if he had to.... the problem would be keeping it from
getting back to Stella. Well, he'd think about that later.
   "Carmen said you should change. She's taking a quick shower."
   "Great.....welcome to the swinging world, my brother," Lance
said, slapping him on the shoulder before running upstairs.

   They went to eat lunch at Giordino's, an out-of-the-way Italian
place. Carmen turned a lot of heads in a tight white miniskirt with
a bippy top that left her stomach bare and white, heeled boots that
came up almost to her knees; she sure knew how to package
herself. They got a booth in the back and Carmen made a point to
sit real close to Jonas.
   They ordered some drinks and Carmen rubbed his leg while they
waited for them to arrive.
   "So, Carmen, tell me about yourself," Jonas said, openly looking
down her top.
   "Well, I liked sucking you off earlier," she said and they all
laughed at her little declaration.
   "I was thinking a little further back than that," Jonas said,
"Where did you grow up?"
   "In Panama."
   "Really?!"
   "Yes, my father was an exporter, an Italian, coincidentally. My
mother was Brazilian."
   "Brazil..... I knew you had some Latin blood. I bet your mother
was a beautiful woman.... to have such a beautiful daughter."
   "Lance, why can't you say such sweet things?" she teased his
brother as the waiter arrived with their drinks.
   "Jonas has always had the silver tongue," Lance conceded. "I
got the good looks."
   "From where I'm sitting, you both look good to me," Carmen
said, raising her drink in toast.
   "Well, at least we got that out of the way. We're all good
looking." Jonas said laughingly as the waiter came back.
   "Are you ready to order? An appetizer, perhaps?" he inquired.
   "Yes," Carmen said, "these two strong men will each have an
order of oysters on the halfshell. That'll be all."
   The waiter went away smiling.
   "You believe in that oyster stuff, Jonas?" Lance asked, looking
at Carmen.
   "I'll take any help I can get."
   "I think you are understating your capabilities," Carmen said, her
hand flirting with his crouch again. Jonas took her hand in his to
keep it from causing any more commotion. 
   "Are you always like this?" he asked Carmen.
   "Always," Carmen promised.
   "Carmen, tell Jonas how you got into swinging," Lance said
sipping his drink. "You'll love this, Jonas."  Jonas gave Carmen his
full attention.
   "I was living in Panama and wanted desperately to get out. So I
got a job on a cruise ship; they used to dock at Colon. The job
was shit, housekeeping stuff but I knew the ship traveled to Florida
and all along the Mexican coast and it was exciting to see other
parts of the world. So, we dock in Miami and take on a new group
of passengers. I worked the early morning and afternoons, so my
evenings were my own. One evening I got tired of sitting around
and I put on my best dress and went walking up on deck. 
Anyway, I met this couple that was in one of the rooms I cleaned,
the Jordans, and they invited me back to their room, to give me a
gift for the fine job I'd done. Well....when we got to their room, I
soon found out they were swingers."
   "The plot thickens," Jonas said, giving her hand a squeeze.
   "We had a wild night. They were so open about it and very
attentive to my needs, if you know what I mean." Carmen said
wickedly.
   "The two spent all night taking turns with her," Lance chimed in,
dropping his voice a bit. The nearest other patrons were two
booths down. He continued painting the picture for Jonas. "The
wife does her first...Carmen's first female lover...and then the
husband climbs on, does his business...then the wife goes down
on her, cleans things up....let's Carmen get a little practice in,"
Lance wiggled his tongue at Carmen and Jonas got the picture,
"then the husband's ready to go again..."
   "I think he gets the picture," Carmen purred.
   "Yeah, well, tell him the rest," Lance said, draining his drink.
   "So, work the next morning was hell, I think I'd gotten about an
hour's sleep. The next night I just slept in. I'm cleaning the
swinger's cabin the following morning and the wife comes back
and asks me to join them again that night. She didn't have to do
much of a sale job...I was certainly up for it."
   "Sounds like the Jordans had a hell of a good cruise," Jonas
said, getting turned on by the scene Carmen was painting.
   "So I'm back in their cabin," Carmen continued, "right after
dinner, and we're getting into it and the guy tells me they aren't the
only swingers on board...the whole hallway had been booked by a
swinging club!  So Mr. Jordan gets on the phone and other
couples start showing up and .... clothes start coming off."
   Carmen steered his hand onto her bare knee and covered it with
her hand.
   "There I was, a sixteen year old 'native' girl.....the men were
lined up to three to four deep. I was the flavor of the night....after
that, I was hooked. I just fell right into the whole hedonistic
lifestyle."
   "Is that a story or what?!" Lance said and crunched some ice
between his teeth. Jonas had to admit that it was; his trousers
were tented up again.
   "So how did you get into the US?" he asked, massaging her leg.
   "The Jordans sponsored me. Filled out all the forms, told the
nice immigration people that they just wanted to help me get a
start, help me get an education......when all they really wanted
was to fuck my brains out......mmmmmm, those were some good
years."
   The waiter came back with the two orders of oysters, breaking
the erotic spell Carmen had weaved over him.
   "Eat up, boys," Carmen giggled as she twirled her hair.

   An hour and a half later, they were back at Lance's condo.
   Lance opened the door and deactivated the security system as
Carmen led Jonas back upstairs. They were all pretty well horny
from the ride back; Carmen, sitting in the passenger seat, had
been busy with her hand in Jonas's lap while Lance had scooted
up behind her seat to drape a hand down her top. All a result of
more Carmen stories during lunch.
   "Unzip me," Carmen said when they were in the bedroom,
keeping her back to Jonas as she shook her ass at him. He
quickly unzipped her tight skirt and slid it down her legs, exposing
the thin straps of her thong panties and her gorgeous, soft butt.
Jonas turned his palms away from himself and pressed them into
her downy derriere, digging his fingers in and lifting her up slightly.
   "That's the spirit, Jonas," Carmen said, spinning in front of him
and whipping her top open, holding it out like a pair of wings. "Feel
these, baby."
   He grabbed her high-riding knockers and squeezed them
together, using his thumbs to rub her stiff nipples. Carmen pulled
her top off her shoulders and let it drop behind her before moving
against him, bringing her arms up around his neck as he
continued to play with her tanned tits. He could tell she wanted to
be kissed and he lowered his face to hers. Carmen kissed like she
gave head - real well. Her tongue was in his mouth like a shot as
he let his hands drop down her sides and pulled her against him.
   "Save some for me, Jonesy," he heard Lance say and he broke
their kiss to look over at his brother, who had his shirt off and was
unbuttoning his jeans. Carmen had made them promise they
would both fuck her together when they got back...the idea of
doing two brothers turned her on.
   "I'm more than you two can handle!" Carmen challenged them
as she pushed herself away from him and flopped back on the
bed, scooting to the middle of the king-size spread, the heels of
her boots digging into the cover. Apparently she was going to
leave them on.
   Jonas began to take his pants off as Carmen let her legs flop
open. The small cloth of her thong hid her charms but he could
see she kept herself neatly trimmed. He lay his pants carefully
over a chair and turned back to find she had bunched the material
of the thong with her right hand, reshaping it into what amounted
to a large piece of dental floss. Jonas could now see she had
trimmed her muff in a narrow, three-inch strip that terminated in
the top folds of her sex, right around the hood of her clitoris. She
began pulling the cloth through her pussy lips as she eyed the
progress of their disrobement.



From chilipeelr@aol.com Fri Jul 04 16:35:23 1997
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Chili Repost: The Swing Man - Part 2 (swinging)
From: chilipeelr@aol.com (ChiliPeelr)
Date: 4 Jul 1997 21:35:23 GMT

*********************************************************************
THE FOLLOWING STORY CONTAINS GRAPHIC LANGUAGE
AND DESCRIPTIONS OF SEXUAL ACTIVITIES.  THIS MATERIAL
IS DISTRIBUTED "FOR ADULTS ONLY" AND POSSESSION BY
A MINOR IS STRICTLY FORBIDDEN.  IF YOU ARE UNDER 18
YEARS OF AGE - GO FIND SOMETHING ELSE TO READ.
********************************************************************

The Swing Man by Chili Peeler (chilipeelr@aol.com)

Part 2

   Lance won the race and Jonas watched him walk to the bed as
he removed his dress shirt. Lance had him on body definition; he
was an avid weightlifter. But Jonas was glad to see that in other
areas, he would still hold the title of 'Big' brother.
   "Carmen, you look like you're ready to get fucked," Lance said
as he crawled on the bed beside her. Lance sort of draped himself
over half of her body, his left leg sliding over hers and his hand
grabbing a big round boob as he buried his head in her neck.
   "MMmmmm, come on, Jonas," Carmen encouraged him, "I can't
wait to feel both of you on me."  She turned her head and began
kissing Lance with lots of tongue. Damned if he was not going to
make her wish come true.
   'Here goes nothing,' he thought as he pulled his underwear off
and crawled on the bed, moving his body along her other side.
   Carmen broke her kiss with Lance and turned her face and gave
her mouth to him. She didn't try to kiss him, just moved her parted
lips tantalizing close to his and waited for him to complete the
contact. He began Frenching her as he lay his right hand on her
craning neck. As their lips fought for supremacy, he let his hand
slide down and palmed her firm right tit. He felt Lance's hand doing
the same to her left tit and he broke his kiss with Carmen to look
down at her sandwiched body.
   "Oooooo...you guys know how to treat a girl," Carmen cooed as
Lance began sucking on her left tit and Jonas threw his leg over
hers to rub his erection into her thigh. The back of his shin rubbed
on her leather boot and it felt very exotic. He was going to enjoy
feeling them wrapped around his ass when he fucked her.
   Lance raised his face from her succulent teat and they shared a
quick grin. 
   "Spread your legs wide, baby," Lance suggested and Carmen
instantly complied, her leg sliding underneath Jonas's on the right.
Now she was between both of them, raised up on her elbows and
watching as Lance began diddling her moist sex folds.
   "How's that pussy feel?" Jonas asked Lance, eyeing it himself
as Lance's fingers played among the somewhat darker colored lips
surrounding the pink lining of Carmen's love hollow.
   "Feel for yourself," Carmen proposed and Jonas took her up on
the suggestion. He slid his right hand down her flat tummy and
teased her muff strip a few seconds before sliding his fingers down
around the upper fold of flesh that he knew covered her clitty. He
pulled up on it and out popped her pink peak of nerve ends.
Lance's finger went right on to  it as they worked like a team.
Carmen's breath shuddered as Lance rubbed her bud.
   "Oooh, yeah.....suck my tits, Jonas!" Carmen requested and he
leaned his face over her chest and began licking and nursing on
her hard nipples. His wife had small breasts, so the firm mounds
riding on Carmen's thin torso excited him to no end. His hard-on
dug into Carmen's hip as the two brother's raised her to an almost
animalistic state.
   "One of you fuck me!" Carmen gasp finally as Lance's fingers
began slipping in and out of her slick pussyhole. "I need
something big and hard in there, Lance.....you go first, baby."
   Jonas watched, his hand playing with Carmen's firm tits, as
Lance moved between her splayed thighs. Jonas, for the first time,
saw Lance's dick at full erection. He gauged him at seven and a
half inches long and of ordinary thickness. What surprised him
was how long his scrotum was - his balls were dangling down
almost six inches!  His own sac did not hang anywhere near that
low.
   "Pull that thong aside, you hot bitch," Lance said with a wicked
smile.  
Carmen used her left hand to pull the thong's material toward her
thigh, baring her slit for Lance's pleasure.
   "There it is, baby....fuck it right up in me."
   Jonas moved his leg out of the way as Lance moved over
Carmen and he could tell the moment that Lance's cock slipped
inside her by the expressions on their faces.
   "Ahhhhhh!" Lance grunted as he filled their little hussy's
honeyhole with what she needed.
   "Mmmmmm..mmmmHmmmm...God, give it all to me!"
   "Always, baby," Lance promised as he thrust into her lap, his
black pubes mashing against Carmen's mons. Her manicured
fingers dug into Jonas's forearm as Lance bottomed out in her taut
belly. "Ah, shit...what a nice cunt!....wait 'til you feel this cunt
around your dick, Jonas."
   "Oooooo, Lance, fuck me hard.....just like last night!" Carmen
encouraged his brother as her left hand wrapped around Lance's
neck and she ground her crotch up at him.
   "Like this?" Lance said evilly as he gave her a hard, quick thrust
using maybe three inches of his buried cock in a rabbit punch.
Carmen drew in her breath at the delicious feeling. "Or more like
this?" Lance slowly drew almost all of his dick from her luscious
loins and then fired it back up inside her, making her squeal.
   "However you want! Just fuck me, make me
come....Mmmmmm....just like that!" she sighed as Lance began
screwing her strongly, falling into a nice pace that made Carmen
wrap her boots around the back of his knees and fight to remain
upright on her right elbow.
   Jonas had seen enough - he was ready to join in. He moved up
on his knees by Carmen's face and presented his cock for
sucking.
   "Here you go, Carmen," he said as he slapped the underside of
cockhead on her chin. She opened her eyes and smiled up around
his manhood as Lance continued to pound her pussy.
   She went to work with her mouth, tilting her head and wrapping
her lips around his engorged head, letting Jonas feed her as she
fought to keep her head still under Lance's screw job.
   "Yeah, suck that dick," Jonas hissed as he slid his left hand
down through Carmen's long silky hair, holding her head still as he
used his right hand to work more of his stiff dick in the horny girl's
mouth. He could feel Carmen's darting tongue squirming under his
shaft as she breathed hard through her nose. Looking down, he
watched her lips move up and down his shaft as he slowly humped
into her gorgeous face.
   The Elliot brothers enjoyed their nymphatic lover's mouth and
pussy for another ten minutes, getting Carmen off once in the
process. Lance's rutting sparked a big orgasm in the lovely
creature's loins and Jonas pulled his cock form her moaning
mouth, letting her vocalize the moment.
  
"OOoooooOOOOOOooooooooo...MMMMMmmmm.....EEEEEIIIIE
EE!" she shrieked as her pussy juices drenched Lance's slowing
screwstick. Jonas jacked his rigid rod, awaiting his turn in
Carmen's saddle, and watched her pull Lance down on her
trembling body.
   After her body had settled down, Lance pulled himself from her
embrace and withdrew his still-hard member from her dewy cleft.
He'd been able to avoid coming in her and he now motioned Jonas
to take a crack at her crack.
   "She's juicy now, Jonesy," Lance boasted as he moved to the
other side of her reclining figure, staying on his knees. Jonas
watched Carmen's face turn and look up at him, her eyes taking in
his ready-to-rock cock.
   "That was a good warm-up," she said, tongue-in-cheekily, "but
I'm ready for a real fuck!"
   "Oh, you little bitch," Lance laughed.
   "Turn over...get on your hands and knees," he told Carmen.
Smiling, she slowly complied, rolling over on her stomach and
then slowly raising up on all fours, spreading her knees and hands
wider in preparation.
   "I love taking it like this," Carmen said over her shoulder as he
moved between her boots.
   "I'm gonna love giving it to you like this," he said to Carmen and
then to Lance, "Sloppy seconds never looked so good." He moved
closer and ran his hands on Carmen's hot ass.
   Her muscular, tone thighs fed right up into a solid, sexy rear
end. Her cheeks naturally spread enough to show her dark colored
asshole which glistened with juices that had ran down from her
pussy when Lance had fucked her. He wondered if she might like
a little anal sex once in a while; her asshole was clean shaven and
the skin around it was striated as if from some unnatural
stretching.
   "Fuck me, Jonas....my pussy feels so empty," Carmen
encouraged him as her right hand dipped back between her legs to
lewdly open herself. She need not have bothered - her sex was
still bowed open from Lance's screwing. "Stick that fat cock right
here!"
   "Yeah, open that pussy for me....Christ, your cunt's fucking
winking at me, baby!" Jonas declared, enjoying the hot talk that
Carmen was dishing out. "Feel that!"
   Using his right hand, he ran his dickknob up through her slit,
rubbing it all over her outer and inner labia. Carmen's fingers
relinquished their unnecessary pussy spreading duties and she
reached further back to stroke the underside of his cruising glans,
which were now coated in her leaking feminine cum. He pushed
his dick into her exposed palm and her fingers immediately
wrapped around his girth. Not surprisingly, Carmen guided his
mushroomed head to her open lovehole and pushed back at him,
working his dick into her own pussymouth, moving her hand back
in front of her to support her weight.
   "Oooooo....that's better," Carmen groaned.
   "She's a cock addict!" Lance announced as he ran a hand under
her torso. Jonas could see the outer swells of Carmen's full tits on
either side of her body from his stance directly behind her upthrust
ass and the swell near Lance moved further out as his hand
groped it.
   "Fuck this," Jonas muttered, tired of build-up and anxious to feel
the exotic Carmen's cunt walls smothering his prick. Gripping her
hips tightly, he pushed six inches of cock deep in Carmen's
waiting womb. It was nice and tight, even after Lance's work.
   "AAHhhhhhhh!" he chortled as Carmen instinctively leaned
forward at the wide intrusion. But then she humped back at him,
taking more dick in her squirmy slot, wiggling her ass wantonly.
   "Jonassssss......God, it feels good!...fuck me...fuck me...fuck
me!" Carmen whimpered as Jonas began screwing their
curvaceous Latin swinger. Her interior stretched further and he
soon was balls-deep in her belly, her round ass socking back
against his hips as she met his thrusts, skewering herself over
and over on his plunging prick. "Fuck it deep....mmmmm....
harder, fuck it hard!" she hotly commanded.
   Jonas slipped his hands around slightly and wedged his hands
in the junction of Carmen's legs and her belly. He began pulling
her back and up slightly, in time with his thrusts, sending his
phallus into her hot liquidy core at slightly different angles.
   "Enjoying that pussy?" Lance asked, slapping him on the
shoulder with his left hand while his right stroked Carmen's
straining back.
   "Fuck, yes....uunnnnggg....she's a Grade-A piece of ass!" Jonas
gasp between gritted teeth as he packed Carmen's squishy quim
and held himself in her, taking a break to make it last as long as
possible.
   In point of fact, Jonas was ecstatic. A woman as hot as Carmen
would normally cost a pretty penny through an escort service and
he'd never gotten one with the sexual desires that Carmen had.
This woman was one to be cherished and put on a pedestal....and
then taken down and fucked 'til your balls shriveled up.
   "This one may be too much for us," Lance joked as he moved
around in front of Carmen's crouched form. "Carmen, you think you
can find something to do with this?" He was obviously referring to
his hard dick but Jonas couldn't see through Carmen's head.
   "Oh, I think I so!" Carmen said seductively and Lance edged
closer.
   Then Lance's face took on a very contented expression as he
saw Carmen's head began to bob.
   "That's good...very good!" Lance sighed. "You suck and Jonesy
will fuck, eh, bro!"
   "Let's give the lady what she wants!" Jonas smiled and began
screwing Carmen again. The three of them built up a nice rhythm -
Jonas shafting Carmen's clutching cunt, rocking her body back
and forth, making her lips slip and slide on the mouthful of cock
she was servicing. It was a hot old time and soon they were all
grunting and groaning.
   Jonas looked down and watched her sweet ass shudder when
he banged against it. Leaning a little further back, he gazed down
at his pumping manhood as it plied into her bulging labia.
   'What a sweet sight!' Jonas thought. Right above it was her
asshole and he could see it clenching and unclenching. Intrigued,
he slid his hands back up on Carmen's ass, letting his thumbs
slide into the cleft of her firm cheeks. Carmen had two holes
filled...he'd see how she felt about the third.
   "Mmmmphhffhh....mmmMMMMM!" he heard Carmen moan
around his brother's dick as he first rimmed her puckered orifice
and then pressed his thumb right through her sphincter. Her ass-
ring clamped down on his thumb and she undulated her ass,
maybe in encouragement.
   "Whhoooaaa....what the hell you doin' back there, Jonas? You
got her sucking me like a hurricane!" Lance gasp as he gathered
Carmen's long hair in his hands and held it above her head like a
rein. "Come on, baby... do it all.....open that throat for ole
Lancey...aaaaaahhhhh!"
   Jonas saw Carmen's face mash into Lance's belly as she
swallowed his length like a pro. He began fucking her pussy hard
as he twisted his thumb around in her shitter. He was definitely in
the homestretch.
   "MMMmmmMMMPPPFFFFWWWOOOOOO!" Carmen began
to raise Cain as she burst into another orgasm. Her pussy
convulsed around his cock and he fought to keep her ass steady
as he felt his own peak rising. Lance cried out and Jonas saw his
brother's chest go rigid. Carmen was getting a throatful of cum and
Jonas was right behind Lance.
   "GGGGGGAAAAA!" he groaned as he let loose in Carmen's
cooze. All the cum his balls had produced since Carmen's
delightful blowjob, now careened into Carmen's velvety hole. Each
spurt, slow though they were, was like white hot lightning going
through his nervous system.
   It ended all to soon.
   He opened his eyes to see Lance fall back against the
headboard, his glistening peter flopping on his thigh. He gave
Carmen a push and she fell forward on the bed, his dick slipping
out of her well-fucked hole with a loud slurp. He sat back on his
haunches and watched Carmen snake a hand back to feel her
sloppy sex.
   "Well," Lance said, "I think that went rather well."

   Later, Jonas walked out to his car in the fading afternoon.
   He had to start for home; he really should have left sooner but
he'd just had to enjoy Carmen on more time. After an hour of
relaxing and renewed groping, he'd taken Carmen in for a very
stimulating shower. The precious girl had been able to coax some
more cum out his balls with that skillful mouth of hers.
   Lance had said he'd be in touch about the next swinging party.
That was going to be a tricky thing; slipping away for a workday
was easy but Lance said the parties usually occurred on the
weekends and at night.
   Not so easy to explain an absence like that; he could try it, lie
about where he was but if his wife tried to contact him......maybe
just tell her to call him on his cellular phone. That might work...say
you're going to some city...forget to leave the hotel
name....possibly.
   The only other problem would be finding a date to
bring....someone that wouldn't mind banging strangers at a party.
Not so easy but he knew people that could find someone for the
right price; Heidi Fleiss hadn't cornered the market by any means.
   He'd think things through on the drive home. He was definitely
going to find a way to continue swinging.


   Jonas arrived home around 7 o'clock in the evening. That was
certainly not unusual; his wife was used to the long hours he
worked. He pulled his Lexus into the carport of their home and
walked into the house.
   "Stella," he called as he walked toward the kitchen. He wanted
to say hello like he usually did. Just give her a quick peck and ask
how her day was. He wasn't nervous; he'd come home to her
many a time after being his another women.
   The kitchen was empty and there was no smell of any dinner
underway or any having been cooked before.
   "Stella!" he called again as he walked upstairs. Still, no answer.
Her car was outside, so she had to be there somewhere. Their
daughter, Nikki, wasn't home; she was away on a trip with her
best friend.
   He and Stella were more than a little worried about Nikki. She'd
dropped out of college to 'find herself' and the search had been
going on for almost a year. Stella said to give her more time but he
was beginning to think he should lay down the law.
   He went into their bedroom to find it empty. Apparently, his wife
was out somewhere. Maybe someone had picked her up.
Probably out shopping with one of her friends.
   He walked into the dressing room that led to the bathroom area,
thinking he take the opportunity to unload the things he'd taken to
Lance's from his briefcase.
   He immediately saw that something was amiss. Several of her
drawers were hanging open. He investigated further and found that
there was a suitcase missing.
   "Oh boy...this does not look good," he muttered as he walked
into the bathroom and turned on the light. His fear was answered
when he saw the message scrawled on the mirror in lipstick.
   BASTARD!

   Turns out, Stella had not trusted him after he'd tried to convince
her to broaden her sexual horizons. Maybe if he'd waited longer
before going out to Lance's, Stella mistrust might have waned with
time. She might have called off the dogs.
   Fearing that he was going to stray, she'd hired a private
detective to tail him. The son of a bitch had followed him out to the
desert that day. That, in and of itself, wasn't enough to ruin him.
The pictures the guy had taken of Carmen outside Lance's condo
and at Giordino's were damning. Carmen hugging him as they left
the condo, Carmen sitting near him in the booth, and the coup de
grace, a picture of Carmen grabbing his butt as they walked back
into the condo after lunch.
   Armed with those, the detective had called Stella on the way
back and given her the bad news. Stella had called a friend
because she didn't think she could drive herself being as upset as
she was.
   Jonas started calling her friends and the second one icily told
him that Stella was staying with her and her attorney would
contact him in the morning. Click!
   Jonas thought about it that night and tried to put a positive spin
on the whole thing. He was going to lose a lot of money and he'd
probably be alienated from his daughter but at least, once the
divorce was final, he would be free. Free to do whatever and
whoever he wanted.
   The next morning, he went to work. He phoned Lance and told
him what he knew at the time which was that Stella had obviously
found out. Lance tried to apologize but Jonas said there was no
need; he was a big boy and would take his lumps.
   Stella's attorney phoned him, told him about the pictures they
had. Jonas was up front about things and said he wanted Stella to
be happy. The attorney said Stella would like to return to 'her'
home but she did not want him there. Jonas said he would be
amenable to clearing out and moving into the beach house out at
Malibu if that was agreeable to Stella. The beach house had been
her father's but she didn't like the beach, so she rarely went out
there. The attorney said he would run that by Stella and get back
to him.
   Jonas left his office around 2 p.m. after receiving word that the
beach house could be his new residence for awhile. He went home
and packed a few bags and filled the back seat with about twenty
of his business suits.
   He left Stella a note, apologizing for his indiscretion and
promising to be very fair in their settlement. He also wrote a note
to his daughter and put that in her room; it would be his first
attempt at damage control.
   'Poor kid's going to think I'm a monster after Stella sinks her
claws in her,' Jonas thought as he drove to the beach house. 'How
can Nikki understand what I want .... sweet kid like that.'

*********************

   "Sorry, you're not what we're looking for," Nikki Elliot informed
the last guy that had approached them. The bar at Big Bear was
full of clean cut tourists and locals. She and Tori were looking for
someone a little rougher that evening. Tonight was the last night of
their little vacation and they were ready to let their hair done.
   They were getting a lot of attention because they were two
young women dressed rather provocatively. Nikki was wearing a
pair of tight jeans and a halter top. She knew men loved her body -
5' 6" tall, long brunette hair which she wore pinned up most of the
time, 34B-23-33 figure with a stomach that just naturally looked
ripped, and face that had won her Homecoming Queen honors at
Brentwood High.
   "That guy didn't have a clue," Tori said, lighting another
cigarette.
   Nikki smiled at the transformation in Tori. Back when they'd
been friends in high school, Tori had been an ugly duckling. Nikki
had she had become friends and sort of fed off each other; Tori got
to be around the boys that flocked to Nikki and Nikki never had
any competition from Tori.
   But over the last year, Tori had come of age. She'd cut her
blondish hair short and her bosom had grown out nicely. Her face
wasn't overly attractive but the tight T-shirt over her bra-less 34C
tits kept men's eyes lower.
   "Now be nice," Nikki kidded, "Your parents would have liked
him." They laughed at the idea.
   "Hey, look at that guy," Tori said.
   Nikki saw a guy at the bar that was a definite possibility.
Longish, unkempt red-brown hair, wearing an Army jacket.
   "Go ask him," Nikki said and Tori got up and sauntered over to
the bar. Tori struck up a conversation with the guy. Nikki saw him
appraising Tori's stuffed T-shirt and he bought her a drink. Tori
leaned into him and whispered something. The guy looked around
and then shook his head in the affirmative.
   'Looks like things are looking up,' Nikki thought and watched
Tori continue to work the guy. She leaned into him again,
whispering more stuff in his ear as he lightly traced his fingers
against the side of her breast. Tori leaned back and the guy asked
her something. Tori pointed Nikki out to the guy and she saw him
smile at the proposition she had just put to him.
   Nikki leaned back in her chair as Tori brought the guy over to
their table.
   "Nikki, meet Eric," Tori said sitting down in her chair. 
   "Hi, Eric," Nikki said sweetly as Eric pulled a chair up to their
table, spun it around backwards and sat down on it. "Did Tori
explain things?"
   "Yeah, she sure did," Eric said, "It's the best offer I've had all
day.... you want to hang out here for awhile."
   "No, we can take off. Once we're outside, we'll need to sample a
little."
   "That's cool. Let's go."
   The three of them went outside and Nikki led them to a dark part
of the parking lot. Standing behind a car, out of sight from the bar
entrance, Eric reached into his coat and pulled out a small smoky-
blue glass bottle.
   "I think you'll like this stuff, it's strong," Eric promised as he
unscrewed the cap. Nikki's hand materialized with a small utensil
and he let her dip it into the bottle. She put the tiny spoon to her
nose and sniffed strongly. The cool burst of cocaine numbed her
nostril and she blinked several times.
   "That is good," she told Tori. "Try some."
   Tori took the spoon and did the same thing.
   "We O.K.?" Eric asked expectantly as he put the bottle away.
   "Yeah, if you got more," Nikki promised.
   Eric reached into the opposite pocket and another bottle was
shown to the two girls.
   "All right, follow us in your car ... we got a room down the road."
Nikki and Tori walked over to Nikki's BMW and soon they were
driving through Big Bear with Eric's Trans Am close behind. 

   Alpine Motor Lodge was a long, one story motel with a gravel
parking lot; not the most elegant place in Big Bear but the sheets
were clean. The BMW and Trans Am pulled up at the end of the
building and the three of them went inside. The curtains were
pulled tight to give them privacy.
   The room had two single size beds separated by an end table.
An old TV sat on a stand in the corner and there was cooler sitting
on a desk.
   "Nice place," Eric said facetiously. He pulled off his Army jacket
and displayed a nice pair of biceps and a white tanktop.
   "Forgetting something?" Nikki asked, holding out her hand.
   "Oh yeah," Eric said sheepishly and he tossed her the bottle.
Nikki took it over to an open suitcase on the floor and dropped it
on top of the clothes inside as she heard Tori offer him a beer.
   "Sure."
   Nikki watched Tori fish in the cooler and then she handed him a
Coors. Eric threw his coat on the desk and walked over and
slumped down on one of the beds. Popping the can, he watched
Tori kick off her clogs.
   "I don't get it," Eric said as Tori walked toward him and stood
between the beds looking down at him. "You girls obviously got
money. Why don't you just buy the shit?"
   Nikki came up behind Tori and put her arms around her
stomach, laying her chin on Tori's shoulder. Tori was only 5' 5", so
looking over her at Eric was easy.
   "It's not about the money," Nikki said as she began pulling Tori's
T-shirt out of her jeans, "We just like to be watched..the coke's
just your ticket."
   Nikki kissed Tori's neck, watching Eric watching them, as she
ran her right hand up under Tori's shirt, up to cup a palm full of her
best friend's tit.
   Eric was the third guy they had brought back to the motel during
the week. It was probably not the smartest thing to do since they
were all alone with a stranger each time but it was so damn
thrilling to do sexy stuff with each other and watch the guy's
reaction. It was sort of a power trip. 
   Nikki had turned Tori onto lesbianism during summer break
freshman year. They had gone to different colleges but they got
together all summer to get a little crazy. Nikki, who was always up
for fun, had fallen in with some lesbian girls at college and Tori had
become pretty cute that summer and before she knew it she had
Tori in bed.
   Partying that summer had been a gas; if none of the guys met
their muster, they'd just eat each others pussies 'til the cows
came home.
   Then, there was that night at a party where both of them wanted
the same guy. Nikki had broken the stalemate by suggesting they
both share him. The guy had certainly been up for it and they'd
found an empty bedroom. 
   Early on in things, Nikki had started making out with Tori, sure
that the guy would jump in somewhere. But he'd gotten so damn
excited watching them that he'd shot his wad on their entangled
forms and been useless after that.
   Having someone watch them had been a turn-on, so they'd set
their sights on doing it once in awhile. That had been two years
ago and they were still going at it. Tonight it was Eric's turn.
   "Mmmmmm," Tori purred as she raised both hands back behind
her head, her right hand encircling Nikki's head. Nikki ran her right
hand down off Tori's chest and used both hands to pull Tori's shirt
up under her armpits, exposing Tori's boobs to Eric's hungry gaze.
Nikki cupped both of Tori's titties with her hands and swirled her
palms on her nipples, feeling them stiffen into pencil-thick nubs.
   Tori began to do a slow swaying motion with her hips, arching
her back slightly. Nikki knew Tori was all hers now; once they
began their little shows, Tori was like putty in her hands. Nikki ran
her right hand down Tori's oscillating belly and shoved it down the
front of her jeans, her fingers sliding under the elastic band of her
panties.
   When Nikki's fingertips reached Tori's intimate area, Tori lost her
composure. She dropped her arms quickly and made a grab for
Nikki's bold hand, an excited exhaling of air escaping her like she
was being tickled.
   Nikki let Tori pull her hand from her panties and then Tori spun
to face her. Tori's eyes were flashing with excitement as they
wrapped their hands around each other's asses.
   Nikki dropped her face and their mouths joined in a tight liplock,
then dissolved into loving nibbles as Nikki moved her hands
between them and worked on Tori's jeans. Quick as a flash, she
had the button-fly undone all the way down.
   "Mmmmm, Nikki," Tori sighed as she began pulling down her
jeans and moving her mouth down her chin, then onto her bunched
T-shirt. Nikki could feel body heat through the soft material. Nikki's
face went lower on her friend's body, her lips dragging across
Tori's warm titflesh as Nikki lowered her body further on bent
knees. The jeans cleared Tori's bubble-butt and fell down around
her knees. 
   "Yesssss, oh, oh, oh," Tori gasp as lips slid down her stomach.
Nikki hoped Eric was enjoying the little show as much as they
were. She hooked her fingers in the top of Tori's panties and pulled
them down, baring Tori's cheeks to Eric and her puffy pussy to her
own gaze. Tori's sex was like a pair of small pillows between
which were pinkish flaps that opened like blossoms.



From chilipeelr@aol.com Fri Jul 04 16:36:53 1997
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Chili Repost: The Swing Man - Part 3 (swinging, voy)
From: chilipeelr@aol.com (ChiliPeelr)
Date: 4 Jul 1997 21:36:53 GMT

*********************************************************************
THE FOLLOWING STORY CONTAINS GRAPHIC LANGUAGE
AND DESCRIPTIONS OF SEXUAL ACTIVITIES.  THIS MATERIAL
IS DISTRIBUTED "FOR ADULTS ONLY" AND POSSESSION BY
A MINOR IS STRICTLY FORBIDDEN.  IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 
YEARS OF AGE - GO FIND SOMETHING ELSE TO READ.
********************************************************************

The Swing Man by Chili Peeler (chilipeelr@aol.com)

Part 3


   "Mmmmm, look at that pretty pussy," Nikki purred for Eric's
benefit. Nikki made a quick swipe across the top flap that hid
Tori's sensitive clit, her tongue feeling the sparse blonde hairs that
surrounded the area.
   This position wasn't any good for Eric and Nikki wanted to get
out of her own clothes. Reluctantly, she rose from her crouch and
told Tori to sit down on the edge of the vacant bed. She pulled
Tori's jeans and panties off her shins and cast them away. Her co-
hort left her legs open, giving their invited voyeur who sat not three
feet away, a good look. Nikki looked at him as she began to
unbutton her halter top.
   "Tori's such a bad girl," Nikki said tittilatingly and Eric tore his
eyes from the beaver he was being flashed. His eyes drank in her
sloping tits as she pulled her halter top off. Unlike Tori's, which
welled up in the center of her chest, Nikki's tits sort of spread
naturally to the sides, seeming to sprout out of her sternum and
thicken as they dove to the sides.
   "Nice tits," Eric said and he drained his beer. "Let's see the
rest."
   "You want to see the rest, do ya?" Nikki said, slowly
unbuttoning her jeans. She could tell that Eric was sorting some
major wood; his pants were tented almost obscenely.
   "Yeah, trot out some more pussy," Eric said, looking again at
Tori's tasty twat.
   'This guy's got a nasty streak in him,' Nikki thought. 'I like that!'
   "Let's see what you got, Red?" Tori countered and pulled her T-
shirt over her head.
   "Sure, babe," Eric said with a smile and he began undoing his
pants. "I've got something in here I think you little girls are going to
like."
   Nikki pulled her jeans down and kicked them off. She had gone
sans panties that evening and she straightened to find Eric holding
a nice fist of cock - maybe seven inches long and the underside
was crisscrossed with a system of prominent veins.
   "Oooooo, Nikki! We got ourselves a player," Tori purred.
   "Very nice," Nikki said, falling back on the bed alongside Tori,
opening her legs in a similar fashion. She ran the fingers of her
right hand into her curly dark muff and gave Eric a quick wink of
pink. "When we're through, I want to feel that dick right up here."
   "I'll give it to ya right now!" Eric proposed and began to take off
his tanktop. Nikki was ready for him; the stripping and
exhibitionism had her all slickery. Tori, however, steered her back
onto the script.
   "You heard her, Eric," Tori said, rising to her knees beside
Nikki's reclining form, running a hand down Nikki's thigh. Nikki
knew what her friend had in mind. "First, you got to watch."
   "Yeaaahhh," Nikki said, falling back and Tori quickly moved over
her body in a 69 position. Nikki wrapped her arms around Tori's
lower back and gazed up at Tori's hovering sex crease as she felt
Tori's fingers surrounding her own furry slit, pulling it open, letting
Eric see all of her charms, up close and personal.
   "Look at that pussy," Nikki heard Tori toying with their audience
member.
   She heard the other bed creaking and clothes rustling. Eric was
probably stripping the rest of his clothes off. She wished she were
Tori; it was always so fun to watch the guy squirm.
   "Watch, Eric, watch this," Tori said nastily and Nikki felt her
tongue, feather-light, begin delving into her pussy folds. Just the
tip and a little of the underside of Tori's tongue searched through
her springy pubes as she kept her face above her excited sex, she
was giving Eric an unobstructed view of the beginning of her
licking.
   "Mmmmm," Nikki trilled at the delicious feeling and Tori shifted
her own legs wider, bringing her own pussy down toward Nikki's
face. Nikki arched upward to meet it, mashing her lips on it's
length, sucking on it lustfully as her hands rode up to hold Tori's
butt.
   "OOOoooooo," she heard Tori gasp and then a similar
smothering sucking was on her own open snatch. Nikki blew hot
air in Tori's cunt at the electric jolt of Tori's hot cunnilingus and
then went to work on the hot, oily tissue of her friend's crotch.
   It was a particularly good session, maybe because it was their
last night. Tori got her off first, which was rare. Nikki flooded Tori's
tongue and felt her pull away and knew she was letting Eric see
the juices dripping out of her shuddering, saliva-soaked slit.
   Nikki began fucking Tori with her fingers and sucking on her clit
and Tori then let go, her crouching body jerking on Nikki's pumping
fingers.
When she'd calmed down, Tori climbed off her and stood in front of
Eric.
   "Ready for me, Eric?" she asked.
   "Look at this and tell what you think." His dick looked painfully
hard after watching 15 minutes of cuntsucking and feminine
moaning.
   Tori opened the drawer of the nightstand and pulled out a string
of rubbers. Nikki saw Eric's face cloud with some disappointment;
he'd no doubt been looking forward to some bareback riding. Tori
must have saw the look, too.
   "No glove - no love," she said as she ripped one of the condoms
off and opened the packet. Nikki got off the bed and walked over to
the desk, feeling like a cigarette before her turn with Eric. She
flicked out a Virginia Slim and lit up, turning back to the beds.
   Tori was down on her knees sucking Eric's latex-protected cock
as he held her head. Nikki was happy for Tori. She'd really come
out of her shell under her tutelage. 
   "Jessuussss! Come on...let's fuck!" Eric pleaded. Tori sort of
jumped in his lap and before Eric's back had even hit the bed, he
was fucking his dick up into her squealing girlfriend....

***************

   Nikki pulled her BMW into Tori's parent's driveway around noon
the next day and cut the ignition.
   "Back in exciting Brentwood," Tori muttered, opening her door.
   "Hey, come on," Nikki said trying to cheer her up, "It might get
exciting ....O.J. might kill someone else!"
   "It's just my folks...they're such a drag!"
   "At least you are still going to school....imagine how they'd treat
you if you told them you were going to drop-out for awhile," Nikki
said, opening the trunk. Things had been awfully tense when she'd
dropped that bombshell on her parents. 
   Tori's mother came out of the house.
   "Hi, you two! How was your trip?" she said, coming up to hug
her daughter.
   "Oh, great!  Just great," Tori said, giving Nikki a weak smile over
her mother's shoulder as she slipped into the 'good daughter'
guise.
   'If her mother only knew!' Nikki thought as she closed the trunk.
   "Good...I think it's so wonderful that you girls have the chance to
get out and see California. Nikki, you want to come in, dear?"
   "No thanks, Mrs. Sperling. I just want to get home and take a
nap ....all the driving wears me down." Nikki went to her car door
and opened it, hoping to get away before Mrs. Sperling got on one
of her talking jags.
   "Oh, I know what you mean. We once drove..."  Nikki slammed
her car door and gunned the engine, cutting off Tori's mother in
mid-sentence. She pulled out into the street and lowered her
window to wave good-bye to them.
   "See you, Tori."
   It was a drive of only 5 or 6 minutes to her own house. She
pulled up in the long carport and went inside with her bag.
   "Mom, I'm back!"
   She sat down her bag by the stairway and found her mother in
the kitchen, sitting at the dining table with a cup of tea.
   "Hi, darling," her mother said, not getting up.  She was wearing
her bathrobe and it was almost one in the afternoon. "Have a nice
trip?"
   "Yeah, it was O.K....are you feeling all right?" Her mother would
wear a housecoat this late if she was ill, maybe.
   "Nikki, sit down.....we have to have a talk."
   'Oh shit! I bet she's been snooping around my room,' Nikki
thought as she sat down. She had a little cocaine up there, hidden
away good, she had thought. She didn't need her mother coming
down on her. Or her father.
   "Nikki, your father and I are having some problems. He's moved
out to the beach house."
   Nikki inwardly sighed a breath of relief; at least this talk wasn't
about her. Her parents had a lot of arguments so she wasn't all
that concerned about what her mother had told her.
   "I'm sorry to hear that....you're working things out, right?"
   "Not this time, Nikki....your father and I are going to be getting a
divorce."
   "God, mother, what brought this on?....Things have been pretty
quiet around here lately. I thought you guys were O.K."  The idea
of her parents divorcing didn't really blow her away; most of the
parents in the area had divorced at one time. It was just what
people were doing.
   "Nikki, I've hid a lot of things from you...about your father. But
you're 20 now and I'm not going to keep all this from you. Your
father has been having affairs...for years."
   Nikki wasn't totally surprised by the revelation; her father was
away from the home a lot and she could see women coming on to
him. He was a good looking guy for 40-whatever-he-was. She put
on a sympathetic face as her mother continued.
   "I tried to put on a brave front for you but I have been unhappy for
a number of years. Your father just didn't seem to care..... I came
to hate him for that. But while you were gone, he just stooped so
low that I had to tell him I wanted out."
   "What did he do?" Nikki asked curiously. She couldn't wait to
hear what her father had done. She might have some ammunition
against him in their next argument.
   "You're going to hate him too when I tell you....but I don't want
you to worry. We'll be staying here in the house and he'll have to
support us and pay for your college when you go back..."
   "Mother, just tell me."
   "He wanted me to go with him and ... be with another couple. He
wanted me to be with another man, sexually." Nikki's mouth did
drop open at that. Her mother was talking about wife-
swapping....major league wild. She saw her father in a new light.
Her mother wasn't through, "He wanted me to sleep with your
Uncle Lance."
   'Yoohooooo...' Nikki thought, letting her face show the surprise.
'Uncle Lance and her father! Jeez...this is wild!'  Nikki had always
had a crush on her uncle. He was in his thirties but he was still
cool.  Wore his hair in a ponytail, drove a motorcycle, had a nice
bod....there was a lot there for a young girl to long for. And her
father....he seemed to have the same streak as she had.
   "I can't live with a man that thinks so little about our relationship.
I'm sorry, baby. He's a ...pervert...and I don't think you should have
anything else to do with him."
   A pervert...Nikki wouldn't put that label on her father. She'd have
to categorize herself one also, if that were the case. She'd just
spent the night fucking a total stranger with her best friend. Any
deviation from the conventional husband and wife, man-on-top, set-
up would be perverted to her mother.
   'What was Dad thinking, asking mother something like that?'
That was the question.
   "Mom, he only just asked you....did he get angry with you? Or
was it just that he asked you that made you ask for a divorce?"
There was definitely something missing in the picture.
   "Of course, I was shocked when he asked me...but I know him,
he wasn't going to let it stop him. I hired an investigator to follow
your father...and he went out to your uncle's during a workday.
Sneaking around behind my back again."
   "And you think he...."
   "I know he did. He's not denying it. He couldn't with the pictures
that were taken." Her mother got up and walked over to pick up a
file that was laying on the kitchen counter.
   'God, she's gonna show me pictures of Dad.... and Uncle
Lance,' Nikki thought. She could just imagine some long range
photos showing actual adultery by her father. It was sort of
exciting in a weird way.
   Her mother handed her the file and she opened it. There were
several pictures inside but nothing racy. Only some outdoor shots
of her father, uncle and a women, all fully clothed. The women did
look sexy in that outfit; it left little to the imagination. She could
hardly blame her father for wanting something like that - she
wouldn't mind something like that!
   "This is a lot to take in right now, Mom," Nikki said, standing,
"Thanks for being so straight with me. I want you to be happy. If
that means getting a divorce, then you do it. I'm not going to take
sides in this .... you're both my parents. Everything's going to be
O.K." She hugged her mother and excused herself to go up to her
room and unpack.
   She went upstairs, thinking about the crazy family unit that
suddenly found herself a part of. It seemed she was no longer the
sexual black sheep of the family.
   She went into her bedroom and locked the door behind her.
She'd really have no excuse if her mother tried to open the door
but she didn't want her coming in when she was unpacking.
   She placed the suitcase on her bed, unzipped it and fished out
the two small bags of coke. Her bed had posts with round balls on
the corners and she went to the top one, opposite the door to her
room, and began unscrewing it. It came off after a few turns and
she tucked the bags into her secret hiding place.  
   With her stash safely hidden, she began to undress. She was
going to try and catch some sleep despite the bombshell her
mother had laid on her. It was wild to think her father had been
committing adultery with her uncle's girlfriend, if that was what she
was, while she and Tori had been up in Big Bear seeking out
strangers to shack up with.
   She stripped down to her panties and lay on her bed, not
bothering to pull down the covers.
   'My father is a wantta-be-wife-swapper ... definitely an adulterer.
All those talks with him telling me not to sleep around...pretty
hypocritical,' Nikki thought. She found herself wondering about
what he, her uncle and that woman had done out in the desert.
   'Did they take her one at a time or did they all three do it at once
...God, that must be something....to have two men to satisfy.'  It
was something she'd never experienced before, although she had
thought about it prior to this; the right situation with the right guys
had never come up. She briefly imagined herself doing it like that
as she turned on her side, moving her hand under the pillow to
bring it more under her head.
   There was something under the pillow. She sat up and lifted the
pillow and saw an envelope with her name on it. Her name was
written in her father's handwriting.
   Nikki knew he had hid it under her pillow to avoid her mother
finding out. She picked up the envelope and opened it. There was
a letter inside and she began reading it.

   "Nikki,
   Your mother has probably already talked with you about what is
happening but, in case she has not, I will try to explain.
   Over the years, your mother and I have grown apart, or more
accurately, I have grown away from her. I have been restless for a
number of years with a feeling that I can not explain. 
   I have not been faithful to your mother. Not to hurt her, which it
most certainly has, but because I felt it would make my life fuller.
   I am not the kind of person that should be married, that is clear
to me now. Marriage is a great institution and I hope my actions
will not discourage you from it. When you find that special man,
do not be afraid to make the commitment. No man would take the
chance of losing you once he has won your heart.
   In closing, your mother is a kind, gentle woman and the best
thing that ever happened in my life was marrying her and having a
wonderful daughter like you. And I will always be there for you, if
you want. 
   Love, Dad"

   Nikki wiped away a tear that had threatened to run down her
cheek. The letter really got to her. It conveyed to her the sadness
that her father felt over the impending divorce, at least with how it
would affect their own relationship.
   And all because he wanted to have a little fun, sleep with some
other women. Nikki understood her father better than her mother
ever would. She felt she ought to go see him, to tell him that she
didn't hate him, that she understood.
   She used her phone to call his office, thinking he would be
there.
   "Brendan, Mackie, Fister & Elliot."
   "Hi, Marylin, it's Nikki Elliot......Is my father available?"
   "Why no, Nikki. He said he would be working out of your house
today."
   "Oh, O.K.," Nikki said, realizing he was out at the beach house.
"I'm calling from Big Bear. I didn't realize he was at home.
Thanks."
   Nikki got up and picked out some shorts and a sleeveless
blouse to wear, planning to sneak out of the house so she wouldn't
have to tell her mother where she was going. Running off to see
Dad might give her the wrong idea, make her think she was taking
sides.



   Jonas Elliot sat in a beach chair on the back deck, looking out
at the Pacific, as he polished off his third margarita. It felt good to
just relax on a Friday. He'd worked too hard recently. He might
even retire if his financial advisor said he could swing it with the
alimony he'd be paying.
   'Hell, maybe she'll go for a lump sum plus the house,' he
thought, like an attorney.
   It also felt good to think that, in a few months, he'd be a free
man, at least socially. Until then, he was going to keep a low
profile. There was no sense in rubbing Stella's nose in it if she had
her private eye still watching him.
   From inside the house came the sound of bells.
   'Christ, who can that be?' Jonas thought as he listened to the
door chimes fade to silence. There was no sense trying to act like
he wasn't there; his Lexus was parked outside. He put his glass
down and walked to the front door, pulling up the swim trunks that
he was wearing, for the first time noticing the effects of the
alcohol. He was feeling a little tipsy.
The door bell sounded again and he put his eye to the peephole.
   "Well, well."
   He opened the door and Carmen gave him a big smile. She was
wearing a black Spandex pants and a pink blouse.
   "Hi, Jonas...mind if I come in?" she asked.
   "No, come on in. Where's Lance?"
   "He had to go to Vegas on business. I came to see how you
were doing. I feel so bad about all the trouble," she moved past
him into the entry hall. 
   "You shouldn't feel bad about it. It was bound to happen at some
point. I certainly don't regret that afternoon." He ogled her ass and
legs though her tight-fitting pants. God, she was bred for the bed!
   Carmen turned her gaze from the ocean through the glass living
room wall and back to him.
   "I loved every minute of that afternoon myself," she said
provocatively, before looking back out at the ocean. "What a great
view...I just love the ocean. It reminds me of home."
   "Would you like a drink?" Jonas asked, walking by her toward
the back deck. "I've got some margaritas made."
   "That sounds great."
   Jonas got another glass from the kitchen and led his attractive
guest out onto the deck. He poured her a glass and a little more
for himself.
   "Cheers," Carmen toasted and she leaned against the railing.
   "So, what's Lance doing in Vegas?" Jonas asked. Maybe
Carmen could give him dome insight on what his brother did
exactly.
   "I don't know. He just said business. He's very secretive, you
know."
   "Yeah, he sure is," Jonas agreed.
   "Sometimes secrets are O.K.," Carmen said, running a finger
around the rim of her glass. "For instance, Lance doesn't know
that I'm here today."
   Jonas could see the implication. From her body language - the
finger on the glass, the smile following her statement, the tilt of the
head - she probably wanted to have sex. He certainly wouldn't
mind that. But Lance probably would. Swinging was all right;
fucking behind someone's back was not. 
   "Maybe you ought to leave," he said, though his voice inflection
hinted that he was be facetious.
   "No, I don't want to leave," Carmen said, walking over to stand in
front of him and run her cold fingers in his chest hair. "I told you
how much I love the ocean...I don't think I ever want to leave here."
   "So, you're going to dump my brother for me?" he said, his voice
with a little edge at the suggestion.
   "A girl's got to look out for herself.....part of the whole swinging
thing is networking, meeting other people and moving on. Lance is
a great lover but I'm looking for some....security."
   'So, that's the way it is! Carmen's looking for a sugar daddy.... I
hate to burst her bubble but I'm not looking for any waves right
now... she doesn't need to know that right away, however.'
   "So, you'd like to apply for a position here at the Elliot beach
house?" he said, wrapping an arm around her slender waist and
openly eyeing her bountiful cleavage. Carmen ran her hand up
around his neck and leaned into him, looking triumphant.
   "I like all kinds of positions, Mr. Elliot," she said, loaded with
double entendre. 
   "Good.....I can think of a few that we haven't tried yet." He
kissed her and she teased him with a little tongue, pressing her
flat belly against his crotch and her firm tits into his chest.
   He dispensed with any more talk and led her back inside, taking
a right turn in the foyer to bring them to the master bedroom. The
bed was still unmade from the previous evening, the covers kicked
down to the end of the bed, but Carmen didn't seem to notice. She
looked again out at the Pacific and the Jacuzzi just outside the
glass wall of the suite; it had been hidden by a row of plant boxes
before.
   "How about a Jacuzzi after we're through?" Carmen asked as
she kicked off her heels and began unbuttoning her blouse. 
   "That can be arranged," Jonas said, pulling of his swim trunks
and getting on the bed naked. "But you'll have to wear some
clothes. The house next door can look over at us in the daytime."
   "Ooooh. You're no fun!" Carmen kidded him, taking off her
blouse. Her tanned tits looked good enough to eat, just as perfect
as science could make them. She reminded him of some of the
strippers down at the Jet Strip club; just sexier than hell and she
seemed to love being naked.
   He bunched some pillows up behind his head and watched her
strip down naked, pulling on his rising cock to get it ready for his
little filly. She pulled her pants and panties down at the same
time, bending over facing away from him to give him a nice look at
her saucer-shaped sex nestling up at the top of her thighs.
   'God, I'm sorry I ever doubted you!' he thought as Carmen
succeeded in freeing her ankles from the clothing and turned back
to him.
   "We're going to have such a good time here," she promised,
crawling up over his legs on her hands and knees, her tits looking
so large, hanging down like grapefruits.
   'A good time today....then I'm packing you back to Lance
unfortunately. I'd love to keep her but the downside's too great,' he
thought.
   She stopped with her hands on either of his hips and looked
down at his rising manhood which he continued to pump erect.
The sight of her lovely face hovering just above it was enough to
double the flow of starch.
   "You're all man, baby," Carmen stroked him verbally. She
dipped her shoulders quickly and planted a light kiss on the
underside of his glans, then rose back up, teasing him.
   Looking forward to another great suck job, Jonas spread his legs
and she shifted her knees off the bed one at a time to
accommodate the maneuver. Now he was ready to lay back and
enjoy her lips on his nearly-erect prick. 
   But she had other ideas. She walked slightly further over him
and then lowered her hips onto his, supporting herself on her
straight arms and her knees. He removed his hand from his hard-
on, letting it move up onto her lower back as she began a humping
motion with her ass, grinding her trimmed line of snatch along the
underside of his shaft.
   "Oooooo, that dick feels so hard," she cooed down at him.
   "Mmmmm, all for you, my dear," Jonas promised.
   As she continued her crotch-to-crotch masturbation, he moved
both arms under her armpits, letting his hands caress her upper
back. She might have taken this as an invitation to snuggle
because she lowered her body further down on his, squashing her
augmented titties into his hairy chest. As her torso was shorter
than his, she moved a little further up his body to kiss him again.
As their lips danced, he ran his hands down her back, tracing the
bumping outline of her backbone and then swooping them up the
rise of her sexy ass which she was still wiggling against him. 
   'I'm gonna fuck this girl 'til she's bowlegged!' Jonas swore.

   Nikki waited to make a left turn from the center turn lane of the
Pacific Coast Highway in front of her family's beach house, on-
coming cars whizzing by.
   Her father's Lexus was parked in front of the wall that hid the
house from passing cars and minimized traffic noise; there was
only twenty feet of gravel from the wall to the edge of the busy
road. As you were driving between Malibu and Santa Monica, all
one really saw on the ocean side was a bunch of walls; only from
the beach or water could you really get an idea of the luxury of the
homes, standing up on elaborate stilts to protect them from the
occasional storm tides.
   Seeing a break in the traffic, Nikki quickly gunned her BMW
across the on-coming lane and pulled her car beside her father's
car and a black Mustang which she took to belong to the
neighboring house.
   She got out, locked the car and walked over to the wall gate.
This they usually left open and it was open that day. She walked
down a few steps through the planted entrance atrium to the front
door and used her key to open the front door.
   Stepping inside, she began to call out a greeting.
   "Da-"
   "EEEEYYYY!"
   She cut her call off as a high pitched shriek reverberated down
the hallway from her parent's bedroom. Nikki had made that kind
of noise before in the midst of a regular activity of hers - having
sex.
   She stood stock-still, the door still open. She heard other noises
but there was some car noise coming through door which masked
what they were. Slowly, she closed the door and the sounds
turned into faint gasps and some voices but they were too faint to
make out.
   'Nikki, you should get the hell out of here,' her common sense
told her. It was apparent that her father was entertaining someone
at the moment. But she was unable to bring herself to go back out
the door.
   She'd been thinking about her father's sexual activities all the
way over there - what had gone on at Uncle Lance's condo, how
many other women he had cheated with, if he fucked them at
work, or maybe here at the beach house. God, knows she'd had! 
An empty beach house to which she had the keys - this place had
been her little love shack many a night. She'd even banged guys
back in Daddy's bed. Just thinking about it got her blood flowing. 
   Nikki moved slowly down the hallway, keeping close to the wall.
The hallway was about twenty feet long and it was apparent that
the door was open to her parent's room. She'd have to be careful
looking in the room; her father's bed was against the wall she was
keeping close to, facing the ocean. If he was facing the
headboard, a simple turn of his head might catch a glimpse of her
in the hallway.
   "Fuck.....yeahhhh.....move that ass," her father's voice came
from the room, quite clear now that she was only a few feet away.
Nikki could hear the faint sounds of linen and mattress springs
and feminine sighing. 
   Ever so slowly, she peeked around the door frame and got an
eyeful.
   There was a drop-dead, gorgeous woman on top of her father;
Nikki recognized her as the woman in the photos from the desert.
The woman was almost laying on her father, kissing him as she
humped her ass back and forth, obviously fucking herself on her
papa's manhood.
   Because she was looking at them from a little above their heads
and from the side, she couldn't see any penetration, just their two
bellies pressed together and the flexing hips and thighs of Ms.
Hardbody.
   'God, she is totally hot!'  Nikki thought, appreciating the
woman's body as a sometime lesbian. Skin so tanned, great tits
and ass. She wouldn't mind making love to a woman like that.	
   "Ooooooooh, mmmmmmmmm, mmmmmmmmm," Hardbody
gasped as she ended their long kiss and raised herself up on her
straight arms. She started throwing her hips back and forth, rutting
away on her cheating father. Nikki pulled her face back slightly in
case she should happen to look over but it seemed pretty unlikely
- the two fornicators were oblivious to anything except each other.
   "Fuck that pussy at me!" her father encouraged, digging his
fingers into the woman's thighs. It almost took her breath away to
her him talking like that. He was the authority figure in her life and
hearing him spout off like any other hot-blooded male was strange.
It made him more human.



From chilipeelr@aol.com Fri Jul 04 16:39:20 1997
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Chili Repost: The Swing Man - Part 4 (voy, inc seduction)
From: chilipeelr@aol.com (ChiliPeelr)
Date: 4 Jul 1997 21:39:20 GMT

*********************************************************************
THE FOLLOWING STORY CONTAINS GRAPHIC LANGUAGE
AND DESCRIPTIONS OF SEXUAL ACTIVITIES.  THIS MATERIAL
IS DISTRIBUTED "FOR ADULTS ONLY" AND POSSESSION BY
A MINOR IS STRICTLY FORBIDDEN.  IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 
YEARS OF AGE - GO FIND SOMETHING ELSE TO READ.
********************************************************************

The Swing Man by Chili Peeler (chilipeelr@aol.com)

Part 4

   "MmmmmmHMMMMM....fuckmebaby," Hardbody groaned
down at him as her hips churned her pussy on her father's still
unseen boner. She had an idea that her father was a big man in
the pants based on seeing him getting out of the shower when she
was a little girl. Back then he had looked big even flaccid but it
was all a matter of perspective; when you're young, everything
looks big.
   Nikki wished that they would move into another position so she
could see what the exotic woman was getting all worked up about.
And her wish was almost immediately answered.
   "Wait...wait, Carmen," her father huskily directed the grinding
sexpot as he pushed his upper body off the bed and they wrapped
their arms around each other. Her father kissed her neck and Nikki
watched Carmen's eyes close in delight as she tilted her head
back further, now still on her dad's dick.
   Nikki realized how her own body was reacting to the illicit spying
- her mouth was dry, she could feel herself getting all slick
between her legs and her nipples were threatening to poke holes
in her blouse. The voyeurism, the fact that her father's sexual
persona was being laid out before her, and Carmen's lush body
was a potent combination.
   "Roll over," her father instructed Carmen and she slumped away
to her right, landing on her right elbow before rolling on her back.
Her father twisted up on his knees, facing away from Nikki's
vantage point.
   'Oh, Jesus, this is perfect!' Nikki realized. 
   Carmen spread and lifted her legs as her father moved his knees
apart and Nikki found herself looking dead at the Carmen's dreamy
sex mound and the underside of her father's hairy scrotum. Nikki
zeroed in on Carmen's erotic sex crack. Her labia were shaved
and reddish from the sex they had been having and her inner
pussylips splayed open where her father had just been.
   "Shove that big cock right back in here," Nikki heard Carmen
coax and her fingers slid into view. Nikki watched the hot lady pull
her lips wide, revealing every pink inch of her cunt slit to her and
her father. Nikki held her breath as she waited for the 'big'
moment.
   "God, what a nasty little slut," her father countered and he
leaned between her elevated gams. Nikki covered her mouth with
her hand when his hard cock was pressed down to meet her
pussy - she was sure they would hear her breathing; it sounded
deafening in her own head.
   Her father was hung!  It looked all of nine inches from the portion
she could see. And thick - like a rolled up newspaper. She
watched him begin to rub the end of his crimson pole up and down
her slit, playing with her.
   "MmmmmmMMMMM," Carmen whined sexily as her father
pressed his flared crown back and forth, from thigh to thigh. Nikki
had to admire the willpower of her father - every guy she'd dated
had just wanted to hide his salami up her as soon as she'd spread
her legs.
   Sure that she wasn't going to be seen now, Nikki crouched
down on her knees. Down lower, she had an eye-level view on
things. Now she could see part of her father's hand wrapped
around the base of his fat stirstick.
   "Oh, that feels so good, Jonas!" Carmen hissed. Nikki saw her
splayed crotch sort of bounce on the bed, sending her father's
teasing dickknob right up over the little hard bump of her clit and
into the tapered strip of pubic hair that began above her sex.
   "This feels better!" Her father quickly moved his cock back down
to her waiting notch, raised his hips and pushed down into her.
Nikki saw the whole area around her pussy entrance dimple
inward briefly and then her father's cock began to disappear into
Carmen's buttery cunt again.
   "AAAUUUUGGHHH," Carmen grunted as Nikki's father filled her
with his long dong. Carmen seemed to take him easily, inch after
inch just disappeared down in her juicy slot until Nikki saw her
father's thighs pressing against hers.
   "Ahhhhhh.....baby, you are one hot piece of ass," Nikki heard
her father exalt. He began to give Carmen's leaking pussy nice,
slow, short strokes as Carmen's fingers began feeling the portion
of his shaft that remained outside her love chamber. 
   "That's it....God, Jonas....you got me so turned
on!....oooooh...OWWW ...you're too big for me!"
   Nikki knew Carmen was telling the truth. Her father had pushed
strongly into her and she'd howled in obvious discomfort as her
father's dick had run out of room way up inside her - and he still
had an inch he couldn't get in!
   "Oh no....you're just right, baby," her dad assured her, "Put your
legs up here."
   Nikki watched her father's hands slide down Carmen's shins and
grab her ankles. He leaned back on his knees and pulled them up
in front of him, placing her feet on either side of his head. He then
leaned back over her, jackknifing her curvy body and raising her
hips off the bed slightly.
   "Ooooooooooooyeaaahhhhhh......oh...oh...aahhhh...," Carmen
began oohing and ahhing as Nikki's virile father began screwing
her, moving his legs wider, putting his weight on the back of her
thighs. Carmen flung her arms wide on the bed to anchor herself,
"..oh yeah....ooooo...ooooo .... aahhhh.....uhhhh...."
   Nikki found herself squeezing her breasts through her blouse.
She liked watching as much as having someone watch her.
   'No reason why I shouldn't have a little fun, too,' she thought as
she slowly unbuttoned the front of her shorts and unzipped them.
Watching the live sex show had her young pussy on fire and she
wanted to use her fingers on it. She slid her fingers down into her
panties to find her crotch moist and hot. She began working her
fingers up and down her slit as she leaned against the wall and
watched the groaning twosome.
Her father was really going at it hard now, driving Carmen's ass
into the mattress.  
   'I can't believe Dad is such a stud!'  Nikki wondered what it would
feel like to have her father make love to her. Her view of sex had
always been 'if it makes you feel good, go for it' and, from what
she had learned of her father the last couple of hours, he
apparently had a problem keeping it in his pants.
   'Maybe I could seduce him....or just throw myself at him. God,
that would be just unbelievable....feeling him shooting in me!'
   It was a slippery slope from that moment on - she began
imagining all kinds of naughty things that she and her father could
do. Really naughty things!  
   In a few moments, Nikki felt a self-induced orgasm begin to well
up in her loins. Covering her mouth with her other hand, she
slumped against the wall and fought to keep quiet as her pussy
quivered and shook.
   When she could again focus her attentions on the bedroom, she
could hear Carmen babbling like a possessed woman.
  
"OOOHH.....UUHH....UHHHhhh...AAAAHHHHH....FUCKME....OO
HHH
...WWWOOOOOO.....YES..YES...YESSSSSSOOOOOOWWW
W!" Nikki saw Carmen's feet begin to kick in the air and her hands
dig into the mattress cover as she came around her father's
plunging prick. Carmen's sexy ass began bucking up and
bouncing down onto the bed as she peaked hard.
   "FUCK ... OHGOD...UUUGGHHHHHHH!" her sinful father
groaned as he shot his wad down her squeezing cunt sheath.
Nikki saw him push it as far in her as she could handle and let it
throb in her for several seconds, his back and legs going all
tensed and etched.
   Nikki hurriedly began re-doing her shorts as she watched them
begin to come down. When he pulled out part way to give her a
few more thrusts, Nikki could see his cum and her juices coating
his wide cock shaft, more of the stuff welled up around the outside
of her stuffed pussy entrance when he worked it back into her
soupy interior.
   Nikki spun in her crouch and began to rise to walk back down
the hall. Her knees turned to Jello for an instant and she
instinctively put her hand out to keep herself from falling.
   THUD! went her hand against the wall. Panicked, she quickly
left the house by the front door, sure that her naked father would
come running down the hall at any second.
   She got in her car, gunned it backwards and then straightened it
out and started back along PCH toward home.
   
   She had gone about five miles when she pulled over at a gas
station.
   She parked the car in an out of the way parking spot and turned
the car off. She had some thinking to do.
   'I'm crazy but my father really turns me on,' she thought,
watching the ocean. 'Dad's thrown off his family man yoke and
gone wild...but has he gone wild enough to do what I'd like to do.'
   Her damp panties were a testimony to how excited her father's
sex show had made her and they were also uncomfortable. She
got out of the car and walked over to the gas station's women's
room.
   Inside the bathroom, she took off her shorts, folded them and lay
the on the back of the toilet. She then pulled down her wet panties
and gone them off over her tennis shoes. She bunched them up
and rubbed her pussy fairly dry. The silky fabric felt delicious and
she rubbed longer than it was necessary. Looking up, she saw her
reflection in the mirror over the sink. And saw the way to what she
wanted
   'I've always been able to seduce any male I wanted," Nikki
thought, a slow smile coming on her thin lips. She turned her head
from side to side as she vainly studied her pretty face. 'Why
should Dad be any different? He's just a man....and even if he
resists, what harm could it cause? Dad's not living at home, so he
won't be able to punish me....he probably wouldn't even tell Mother
if he turns me down.....and if he does, well, I don't think he'd like
me accusing him of coming on to me!....it would be my word
against his.'
   Nikki threw her soiled panties in the trash can and put her
shorts back on. Walking back to her car, she thought about how
she could arrange to get her Dad alone for awhile. It took her
fifteen minutes to come up with a reasonable plan.
   She dialed her car phone and soon had Tori on the line.
   "Tori, it's Nikki."
   "Hiya....what's up, Nik?"
   "Well, it looks like my folks are getting a divorce."
   "What?! Oh, Jeez...I'm sorry, Nikki....why are they splitting?"
   "Mom found out Dad has been cheating on her."
   "Really!...Wow, your poor mom."
   "She'll be O.K.. Listen, I need a favor. I'm going to tell my
mother I'm staying at your place tonight."
   "And you won't be, right?....what are you up to, Nik?"
   "Secret stuff...you weren't going out tonight, were you?"
   "No, I was just going to hang out with the family."
   "Good, you know the drill. Answer the phone first all night and if
it's my mother make some excuse for me, then page me."
   "Sure, no sweat....so when are you going to tell me what you're
doing?"
   "Some day, my sweet. Thanks, Tori. I love you. Bye."
   Next, she phoned her mother and told her she'd gone out and
would be staying at Tori's that night. Her mother got a little miffed
that she had taken off without saying good-bye and that she would
miss the dinner she had planned. Nikki, making her voice sound
emotional, told her she wanted to be with her best friend as she
got used to the idea of their divorce, it was a hard time, blah, blah,
blah. Her mother bought it.
   Then, Nikki called the beach house. Her father picked up on the
tenth ring.
   "Hello."
   "Hi Dad..it's Nikki."
   "Hi, honey...you back from your trip?"
   "Yes......and Mom told me what's going on and I found your
letter, too."
   "I'm sorry about, well.... letting you down."
   "Dad, you haven't let me down....listen, I'm coming over to see
you."
   "Uh, well...." Nikki smiled as she heard her father think of some
way to keep her from coming over, "....why don't you wait and we
can go to a brunch tomorrow?"
   "No, Dad. I want to see you tonight....I'm already on my way."
   "Where are you?" He wanted to know how much time he had to
hustle Carmen out of there.
   "I'm just getting on Sunset," Nikki lied, looking at the
supermarket across PCH, "Listen, I'm going to stop and buy some
stuff and make you dinner...I'll be about 30 minutes."
   "Uh, O.K....great. I'll see you then."
   "All right, bye."
   Nikki hung up her carphone, smiling contentedly and began to
think about what she would need to buy at the store.


   Jonas hung up the phone and was sorry he'd ever answered it.
Not that he didn't want to see his daughter, it was just that he
would miss another roll or two in the hay with Carmen.
   'I better hustle her ass out of here,' he thought sadly. He walked
back to his bedroom just in time to meet Carmen coming out of
the bathroom. She'd gone in to clean herself up after their
strenuous workout. She came out now, naked and looking good.
   "Jonas, how about that Jacuzzi?" she said, coming toward him.
   "Sorry, baby...that was my daughter on the phone, she's coming
over."
   "Now?.....Does it mean I have to leave?"
   "Yes, you've got to go...if she told her mother you were here,
well, it would just be more ammunition for her. And my daughter
would probably not like to see you here either."
   Carmen looked pissed for a few seconds but it seemed to pass
and she smiled again.
   "All right....let me get dressed. There's always time to meet your
daughter later....we'll have her over all the time later." Carmen
reached down to pick up her panties and began putting them on.
   'Better tell her now that I'm not looking for another steady
woman right now,' Jonas decided.
   "Carmen, about you moving in.....I'm not sure that's what I want
right now....with the divorce and all."
   Carmen pulled up her pants and looked at him. He could tell she
was thinking of something to say.
   "Well, how long could the divorce take? Lance said you were
going to just settle real quick."
   "It could be months," Jonas said realistically, "And I would like
to spend some time as a....bachelor...after that."
   Carmen picked up her blouse and slowly put it on.
   "So, what you're saying is I should go back to Lance and forget
about us....about moving down here." She looked again out at the
ocean.
   "I think you probably should go back to Lance....and we'll just
play it by ear. I'm sorry but that's the way it is."
   "All right. Fine." Carmen's voice had an undercurrent of anger.
She was trying to keep it hidden but he could tell.
   "Carmen, it doesn't mean we can't get together when I start
coming out to Palm Springs....I'm going to be going to those
swinging parties. We'll have ourselves a real good time."
   He reached for her arm and she yanked it away.
   "I don't think so, Jonas....In fact, you can kiss my ass because
that's the only way you're ever going to touch it again!"  She
walked toward the bedroom door, then stopped and turned back to
him. "There's plenty of men out in the desert that got more going
on than you. I'm sure I'll find someone that appreciates what I have
to offer....have a nice divorce, Jonas."
   With that parting comment, she walked down the hall and went
out the front door.
   "Whew!" Jonas said, happy that she'd left at least. Now she was
Lance's problem.
   Jonas locked the front door and went to take a quick shower
before his daughter arrived. He stepped in to the stall and began
lathering up, thinking about his afternoon tryst with the delectable
Carmen.
   'Too bad she turned out to be a mental bitch....she was a hot
little number!' he thought. Then began to replay the fuck he'd given
her in his mind.
   Soon, he caught himself snapping back to reality and realized
that he'd tarried too long under the water. How long had he zoned
out?
He turned off the shower and stepped out to dry off.
   "Daaddddd!"
   'Oh, shit. She's here.' He hurriedly toweled and combed his hair,
wrapped a towel around his waist and opened the door to his
bedroom.
   "Hi, Dad." Nikki was sitting on the bed, waiting for him.
   "Hi, Nikki....you should give me a little warning that you were out
here. I could have walked out without a towel." Jonas said jokingly
and couldn't help noticing the look that Nikki was giving him. Her
eyes went up and down his body.
   "Sorry, Dad....come on and give me a hug." Nikki walked up to
him and put her arms around him. Jonas had never seen her so
affectionate but it was probably due to the troubles he and his wife
were having.
   "Hey, I'm getting you all wet!" Jonas pushed her away and saw
that the front of her blouse was splotched with wetness.
   "Don't worry. It'll dry." Nikki laughed and she began rubbing her
hand on the wet area which just happened to be on her bosom.
Jonas couldn't help but notice the way her breasts shook under
her stroking fingers. And then he noticed that he could see the
outlines of nipples as well.
   'She's really grown up,' he thought moving his eyes elsewhere.
   "So, what did you buy for dinner?" he asked as he walked over
to the dresser.
   "Beef stroganoff...your favorite. I'll let you get dressed." She blew
him a kiss and walked out of the room.
   'She's really acting strange. We hardly ever talked much this
last year or two and now she like every father's dream
daughter.....well, maybe this divorce will be the best thing that ever
happened in our relationship.' 
   Dismissing it for the moment, he put on some shorts and a polo
shirt and went out to be with his daughter. 


   Nikki out did herself on the dinner; it was as good as her mother
made it. They went out on the deck afterward and watched the sun
set as they drank some wine. Their conversation had not gotten
onto the topic of his marital troubles and he decided to bring it up.
   "Nikki, I want you to know that I'm going to do right by your
mother and you," he promised, sitting beside her on the bench
that sat under the kitchen window and giving her knee a loving pat.
   "I know you will...we'll all be O.K.. You've got the right to be
happy too, Dad. Mom told me about what you did."
   Jonas felt like he'd been kicked in the stomach. He known Stella
would paint him bad in front of Nikki.
   "Nikki. I'm not proud of what I did..."
   "Dad, it's O.K." Nikki cut him off, rising to her feet and walking a
few feet in front of him to lean against the railing and look out at
the purplish horizon. "You've got nothing to be ashamed of."
   Jonas strunched his brow in surprise. He'd cheated on her
mother, she may not know he'd done it repeatedly, but her mother
had told her about the trip to Lance's place.
   "Nikki, that's not true."
   Nikki spun and leaned against the railing, looking at him.
   "Dad, there's nothing wrong with wanting to have a little fun....if
Mom wasn't keeping you satisfied, then you had to find it
elsewhere."
   "That's not fair to your mother, Nikki. It wasn't about your
mother..."
   "Oh, come on, Dad!" Nikki said laughing at his assertion. "Let's
at least be honest....you wanted something new, something
younger." 
   Jonas was put off that his daughter was hitting so close to
home. He was supposed to be a role model to her and she was
laying out his weakness for the flesh like it was all right.
   "I think we better change the subject," Jonas stammered out.
   "No, let's not change the subject," Nikki said, took a drink of her
wine and then continued, "I like the subject of sex. We never had
the talk about sex...you let Mom do that."
   Jonas decided to let the conversation go on. He was a grown up
and Nikki was 20, so they could talk like adults about things.
   "Well, Nikki, I thought it would be easier...for you."
   "It was some talk. I was fifteen and here comes Mother to tell
me the facts of life......what you two didn't know was that I wasn't
a virgin then."
   "What?"
   "Dad, I was fifteen, for God's sake....and this is L.A.  And I was
pretty... the boys were all over me."
   "This is very personal, Nikki...."
   "Dad, we should be able to talk openly about sex." Nikki walked
back over and sat beside him. "Everyone is so hung up about the
subject. I'm surprised you are after what you were doing......I'm
curious, did you and Uncle Lance make love to that woman one at
a time or all together?"
   Jonas could see a slight smile on her lips as she waited his
answer. He drained his glass and thought about whether he should
answer. 
   "All right, Dad, keep your little secret...I'll tell you one of mine."
   "Maybe you shouldn't," Jonas said and poured himself some
more wine. 
   "No, I will. Because it sort of dovetails with what you've been up
to.... I do three-ways regularly....don't look so shocked, Dad......it
might be genetic."
   "All right, Nikki...why don't you tell me why you're doing this?!"
Jonas lost his cool at the way his young daughter seemed to be
playing with his mind. He got up and looked down at her.
   "You really want to know?" Nikki said.
   "Yes, let's get it out in the open."
   "Okay, here it is then......I think both of us are a lot alike. I saw
you in a different light and I thought there was a chance to get
closer, since we were open to new things sexually."
   "Nikki, I would like to be closer to you but I can't see how our
sex lives are going to make us closer...what do you want to do?
Trade stories?"
   "We could if you want to," Nikki said, twirling her hair. "But I'd
rather make our own stories."
   "Our own stories?"
   "Yeah, me and you."
   "Nikki.....I hope you are not suggesting..."
   Nikki shook her head yes. "Me and you......fucking back in your
bed.... think about it...I'm willing."
   "You're my daughter, Nikki, you're talking crazy!" Jonas felt like
he was in some warped dream. His daughter was coming onto
him!
   "Is it crazy, Dad?" Nikki got up and moved close in front of him.
Jonas grabbed her arms and held her at arms-length like she was
a leper. It felt ridiculous as soon as he did it but he thought she
was going to grab his crotch or something. "Relax, Dad......just
relax."
   "Nikki, I can't...I may be like you but I can't do this. Try to
understand."
   Jonas felt the weight she had been leaning into his hands lessen
and she seemed to relax herself. She looked down at the deck,
then back up to him.
   "O.K......I'm sorry, Dad. I'm not going to push the point...if you
don't want to, I understand. I'd tell you to forget it but I'm sure you
couldn't."
   "Well, it was a crazy suggestion..." Jonas said relieved as he let
go of her arms.
   "You must think there's something wrong with me, huh?" Nikki
said walking to the railing and looking out at the dark ocean.
   "No..no...let's just blame it on the wine." Jonas joked as he
breathed easier.
   "O.K.....it was the wine." Nikki agreed, quickly. "I better clean
up the dishes."
   She walked by him into the house.
   'Christ, that was weird!' Jonas reflected. 'Nikki was acting like a
total slut a minute ago....proposing that we have sex. I wonder if
she was telling the truth about having group sex?....I can't even
think about it. I'll shoo her out of here after the dishes are through.'
   He went into the house to find Nikki scrubbing the casserole
dish she'd used.
   "Listen, why don't you leave that and I'll finish up later? I'm sure
your Mom is anxious to spend some time with you tonight."
   "Oh, I guess I didn't tell you. I'm staying here tonight."
   "Uh, I really think you ought to go back and stay at home
tonight."
   "Dad, I okayed it with Mom. She knows I'm here. Go ahead and
call her if you want." The last thing Jonas wanted to do was talk to
Stella.
   "Well, I'm sure she did but...well, after what we were just talking
about, I think maybe you should go back home."
   "Dad, I'm not going to suggest anything like that again...you can
lock your bedroom door if you want," she said with a laugh.
   "Well, O.K." Jonas relented. She was right; nothing was going
to happen unless he wanted it to.

   Later, around 10 P.M., the two of them were sitting watching TV.
Jonas was actually watching it; Nikki was thinking of her next
move.
   'Think.....the straight ahead attempt sure didn't work. I've got to
tease him a little.  It may not happen tonight. I planted the idea
and it might one day blossom but a little water right now is
needed.'
   Then an idea came to her.
   She got up from the swiveling easy chair and her father, sitting
on the couch on the opposite side of the room, looked away form
the TV to her.
   "I'm going to get ready for bed," Nikki said innocently and
walked back to her bedroom. She kept some clothes at the beach
house for weekend visits and she went through them to find the
perfect item.

   Jonas looked back up as Nikki came back into the living room,
brushing her hair out. She'd put on a long nightshirt to sleep in and
it wasn't long enough to suit Jonas's standards, not after the thing
she'd suggested. The shirt came down to just above mid-thigh.
Normally, he won't even have noticed. But now he was looking at
her young, shapely legs.
   'Just look at the TV,' he told himself.
   Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Nikki sit back down in the
chair she had left.
   "Dad? What did I miss in the movie?"
   Jonas looked at Nikki, trying to think of something to say
because he'd lost track of the plot himself. Nikki was combing
back her hair, sitting in the chair facing him with her legs slightly
open and Jonas could see right up under her shirt.
   He looked back at the TV quickly, the image still burning in his
mind - her dark pubic hair and the vertical crease of her
womanhood.
   "Ah....I was flicking around when you were out. I lost track of
things."
   'Is she doing that on purpose? I can't believe she's not!'  Jonas
could see her in his periphery vision as she put down her brush on
the table next to the chair and she turned the chair full on toward
the TV. It would be safe to look at her now.
   Nikki leaned forward in her chair and rubbed the shin of her right
leg, the one closest to him. Then she straightened the leg out in
front of her and looked at it. Then she brought the whole leg up
toward her face, keeping it straight like a Rocketeer. Her nightshirt
rode down all the way down to her rear. Jonas took in the soft skin
of her upper thigh and the side of her lower asscheek before he
looked again at the TV.
   'She is doing that on purpose! Well, I'm not going to sit here and
let her do it any longer.'
   He got up and stretched.
   "I'm bushed..I think I'll turn in. See you in the morning."
   He headed for his bedroom.   

   'He almost ran out of here! I guess he got an eyeful,' Nikki
thought after he left. The evening had not gone as she had hoped
but there was always tomorrow.
   She watched TV for another half hour and then turned it off.
Turning out all the lights, she went down the hall to her room.
   She put her hairbrush back in her bathroom and got into bed,
laying on top of the covers since the evening was warm.
   She wasn't really tired, so she lay there, replaying her
conversation with her father. She wished she had said different
things at different points and she imagined having had actually
convincing him.
   'I'd be in bed with him right now.....and we'd be doing something
great.... something so wild!'
   As she thought about being underneath her father's body, her
hand moved under her nightshirt and began rubbing her tingling
pussy. It felt so good, she kept it up. Soon, she had a nice
orgasm in the loneliness of her room.



From chilipeelr@aol.com Fri Jul 04 16:43:20 1997
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Chili Repost: The Swing Man - Part 5 (inc, father/daughter)
From: chilipeelr@aol.com (ChiliPeelr)
Date: 4 Jul 1997 21:43:20 GMT

*********************************************************************
THE FOLLOWING STORY CONTAINS GRAPHIC LANGUAGE
AND DESCRIPTIONS OF SEXUAL ACTIVITIES.  THIS MATERIAL
IS DISTRIBUTED "FOR ADULTS ONLY" AND POSSESSION BY
A MINOR IS STRICTLY FORBIDDEN.  IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 
YEARS OF AGE - GO FIND SOMETHING ELSE TO READ.
********************************************************************

The Swing Man by Chili Peeler (chilipeelr@aol.com)

Part 5


   Jonas looked at his bedside clock. 12:13 A.M.
   'Damn, just clear your mind.....try to think of nothing,' he told
himself. But he couldn't stop the events of the evening from
randomly welling up.
Nikki coming on to him - Nikki's leg and bottom - Nikki admitting
to group sex, swinging like he was interested in doing - Nikki's
open legs......
   Unbelievably, he felt himself starting to get hard.
   In his mind, Nikki turned in her chair and pulled her nightshirt up
to her belly, looked at him knowingly, "It's all yours, Daddy."
   He began to get harder and he sat up in bed.
   He hated himself for wanting to now go down the hall to his
daughter's room. It was so wrong. A man and his daughter.
   'You're not talking molestation, you know.....she is 20 and she
wants it," he rationalized. 'And you could just do it once, try
it...don't have to make it a regular thing.....hell, you're the one that
wanted to swing.'
   He thought again about his daughter. She was a cute young
woman. Nice legs, cute bottom, filled out her blouses nicely; it
wasn't like she was a plain Jane. She had a lot to offer a man.
   He got to his feet and went to his bedroom door. He unlocked it
and went down the hall to his daughter's door. He hesitated there,
collecting himself to be able to project confidence when he went
in.
   He opened the door and went into her bedroom.
   He could see that her bed was empty; there was almost a full
moon outside and light from a window sort of spotlighted the bed.
   The bathroom was dark.
   The door to the back deck was open. He slowly walked over to
the door and saw Nikki standing at the railing.
   "Nikki?" he said softly, stepping out behind her. He saw her
start but she kept standing the way she was. "What are you doing
out here, baby?"
   He moved right up behind her.
   Nikki turned her head slightly around.
   "If I said I was waiting for you, would that be the right answer?"
   "That's just the answer I was hoping for," Jonas said as put his
hands on her shoulders and began massaging them. She tilted her
head to the right and rubbed her cheek on the top of his kneading
hand, then rubbed her face on it.
   Her left hand reached up and grabbed the fingers of his left hand,
pulling his hand over her shoulder and then bending his arm out to
warp around her, her hand directing his palm onto her T-shirt right
over her incredible soft tit. As he squeezed a handful of her young
teat, he leaned over her, bringing his face against hers after she
took her cheek off his hand.
   "Nikki," he whispered and began kissing her ear, his right hand
swooping down her front to collect her other tit through the
nightshirt.
   Jonas felt her T-shirt covered ass grind back at his naked crotch
and her hands reached back to feel his legs, grip his thighs and
pull him against her slender derriere.
   "Yessss, Daddy, yes," Nikki encouraged him and he slid his left
hand down across her belly, down between her legs, the T-shirt in
the way, his hand found the bottom lip of the fabric and his fingers
reached under and up.
   Both of them sucked in their breath when his fingers snaked into
her silky snatch and played over her neat cuntal folds. Her crotch
went forward into his fingers and her right hand reached between
their bodies, his daughter's hand felt for and grabbed his
awakening member. He leaned his upper body back, his right
hand going back to her shoulder as she wantonly stroked his dick,
her palm hot and soft as she worked him to near erection in about
twenty seconds.
   Jonas hurriedly brought his right hand down and pushed her
nightshirt up to mid-back, exposing her white, heart-shaped ass to
him and the overhead moon. Her waist just seemed to gradually
grow outward to become her ass; there was no flaring of the hips
as he was used to with other mature women. As he watched, she
pushed her butt back at him and into the spongy head of his
erection. Her asscheeks felt like cotton candy, all warm and
pliant.
   His fingers told him she was as ready as he. He slid his left
hand away from her dewy slit, brought it around to grip her waist
on that side as his right did the same on the other. He pulled her
back and pushed down on her torso at the same time.
   She knew what he wanted - her left hand reached forward to grip
the railing and steady herself as she lowered her shoulders. Her
compact ass rose up like the other end of a seesaw. Her right
hand released his rigid rod and it joined her other hand on the
railing.
   Jonas moved his right hand back over her elevated bottom,
caressing it briefly before moving his hand up between her splayed
thighs, filling his palm with the hairy mound of her pussy.
   "MmmmmmoooooOOOOOOOOH," Nikki gasp as he worked
two of his fingers into her wet cunt. She was more than ready; his
fingers came away soaked.
   "Nikki...hold it right there, baby," he directed as his right hand
fisted the base of his cock and he moved closer to his baby's
upthrust ass and waiting pussy. He poked right between the area
where her ass faded into her legs and hit resisting tissue.
   "Lower!" Nikki groaned and her ass moved a little higher as he
dipped his knees slightly. His probing cocktip found the target and
he pushed into her fur-rimmed portal. "OOOOOHH, MMMMMMM!"
   "Aaahh...it's in!.....keep your ass up, baby....that's it," Jonas
swung his right hand back to her waist and pushed deeper. Nikki's
young pussy expanded to accommodate him, opening like a wet
flower around his man-sized pistil.
   "Oh, God...this is just what I wanted," Nikki panted, her voice
barely reaching him over the crash of the surf, "Keep
going....aaahhhyeaahh!"
   Jonas leaned his weight on her waist, arching her back more as
he leaned over her and worked more dick in his daughter. She was
tight and tender and juicy......and then she was full. Her tight belly
housed about six inches of his hardness.
   "God, I love it, Nikki......you feel so hot, baby." He held himself
inside her to allow her to adjust further. He looked down between
their bodies but he could not see his dick as it entered her; the
moonlight was at the wrong angle.
   Unable to wait any longer, he slowly pulled three inches of cock
out of his daughter and then, just as slowly, pushed it back in.
Nikki turned her face to lay on the railing and she hunched her ass
at him.
   "Fuck me," Nikki urged him, "God, I want it....do it, please!"
   Jonas did not deny his daughter - he began screwing her, slowly
at first and then harder at her request.
   It was such a power trip - doing it right out in the open night.
There were three vacant lots on that side of the beach house, so
no neighbors would see. There was the off chance that someone
might be walking down on the beach but the sound of the surf
would cover Nikki's moans.
   And she was moaning to beat the band as he fucked between
the spread lips of her eager beaver.
   "MMMMmmmmm.....OooooOH.....MMmmmmHHHMMMMMM!"
Jonas let his hands move back and grip her jiggling ass cheeks.
They felt like pillows of baby fat, smooth and yielding. His fingers
kneaded them, pushed them together and pulled them apart, as
the dark outline of his flashing manhood speared into her girlish
gash just beneath. He also saw the dark pucker of her asshole
and wondered if anyone had fingered it...licked it.....dicked it!
   Jonas felt the tightening in his nuts. It wouldn't be long before
he'd have to make a decision - whether to come in her or pull out.
He had no idea if Nikki was on the Pill or used a diaphragm. That
was women stuff that her mother had taken care of. He'd warn
her...give her plenty of time to think about what he was going to
do.
   He changed the motion of his thrusts to prolong his time. He
pulled his dick almost all the way out, slowly, and then thrust hard
back into her.
   "OOOooooow," Nikki gasp.
   He repeated the process, driving her up on her toes.
   "SSSSssssshhhhhhh!" his daughter sucked in her breath at the
shocking force. Her little sex sounds were like music to his ears.
He pulled his length back out to do it again. She started to come a
second before he drove back into her. His dick shot back into a
pussy gone wild.
   "AAAAAAAAGGGGGGG!!" Nikki literally screamed as her cunt
clamped down on his thick organ. Feeling her get off was the
pinnacle of all his sexual experiences to that point - it rivaled even
his first time.
   Her knees either gave out or she lowered them on purpose to
get away from the hot spike in her chaotic cunt, groaning as her
innards continued exploding. Jonas looped his hands under her
stomach and lifted her back up, pushing her forward until the front
of her legs met the railing and her torso hung out into space.
   "OOHHHDAAAADDDDD!" she cried, frightened that he was
going to throw her over the railing in their ardor and because of the
toe-curling orgasm he had caused.
   "I GOT YOU!....keep coming, baby....that's it....let it go, ah,
yesss!"
Jonas kept giving her wet hole little rabbit punches as she came
down from her orgasm. He'd gotten his second wind now; the
stirrings in his nuts had subsided as he watched over his delirious
daughter, nursed her through her ethereal journey.
   'I'm going to make her come again and again - then she'll be
hooked. She'll welcome me into her bed always if I blow her mind
tonight!'
   When she became still, he pulled her back from the edge and
pulled out of her heavenly pussy. He wrapped his arms around her,
pulled her soft body against his and rocked her, his hard-on
pressing into her nightshirt.
   "That was incredible," Nikki sighed. "Just incredible, Dad."
   "Thanks for seducing me," Jonas said. Nikki chuckled at that. "I
thought you were crazy, Nikki....but you knew what you were
talking about."
   "I just knew we were alike. But I really didn't think you would
visit me tonight...I thought I'd have to work on you longer."
   "You sound like you were pretty sure of yourself," Jonas said,
his right hand reaching up to smooth back her hair.
   "I would have got you eventually. You're no saint."
   "No, I'm far from that."
   "Hmmmmm...and I'm so glad. Saints are so boring! I can feel
that you're not done.....let's go inside." Nikki led the way back
through the open French door into her dimly lit bedroom.

   Nikki walked to the nearest nightstand by the bed and turned
the knob at the base of the lamp. Both lamps on either nightstand
came on, bathing her bed with a warm yellow light.
   Actually, it wasn't really 'her' bed; the bedroom they were in was
the guest room usually and the decor, white lacquered bed suite
and dressers, matched that of her parent's bedroom, with the
exception that the bed was a queen size.
   'If Mother knew what we were going to do in the room she
decorated...' Nikki smiled at the turn of events in their family -
Mother had thrown Dad away and she had scooped him up.
   She turned and looked at her father. He was standing a few feet
away and her eyes appraised his body up close. She had never
slept with anyone near his age and she was impressed by the
mature, solid look of his body. His erection was drooping but she'd
take care of that.
   It occurred to her that turning on the lights may have been a
mistake. Now they were in the light, away from the make-believe
world of the dark deck and the ocean's surf. It was a reality check.
   'Take the initiative, Nikki.'
   She crossed her arms in front of her, grabbed the hem of her
nightshirt and pulled it up and over her head. She slowly dropped it
at her feet, watching her father's eyes feast on her nude body.
   First, they lingered on her tits; wide-spread, sloping, apple-sized
beauties with half-dollar sized aureole and small stiff nipples.
   Then, they moved down her flat stomach; Nikki never worked out
but her stomach had a slight washboard look to it and she sucked
it in a little more to accentuate the illusion.
   Finally, her father's eyes went down to the matted mons of her
womanhood; a dark tangle of semi-transparent pubes.
   "You're beautiful, Nikki," her father said as she walked up to him
and slid her arms around his waist. His hands moved around to
hold her upper back as she looked up at him lovingly. She felt so
safe on his arms.
   She dropped her head and began kissing his hairy chest,
moving her mouth around, running her tongue onto each of his
nipples in turn.
   "MMmmmmm, that feels good," her father said softly, his hands
running up under her hair to hold her neck and the back of her
head. Nikki began sucking on his nipples, knowing that it felt good
whether you were a man or a woman. She ground her belly
against his cock, pressing the drooping member downward. It
flexed with life, wanting to stand up straight and tall again.
   Her father's hands moved to the sides of her face and pushed
her head backward, pulling her lips from his left nipple. Fingers in
her hair pulled her head back and his mouth came down on hers in
more than a fatherly kiss. It felt so strange to be kissing her own
father but she let him drive his tongue into her mouth, sucked and
nipped at it like she would do for any other of her lovers. 
   'I shouldn't have doubted him....he's not having any second
thoughts,' Nikki realized. 'He wants to fuck me again in the worst
way.'
   Her right hand slid between them and swung his hefty, near-
erect cock outward and then up, thrilling at the way it immediately
pulsed to rock-hard status.
   Her father broke their kiss and began walking her backward
toward the bed.
   "You're killing me, baby," he grunted as she jerked on his prick,
"Sit down on the bed."
   Nikki did as he ordered, letting go of his erection. He remained
standing looking down at her for a second.
   'He's going to ask me to suck his dick!' Nikki thought as her
eyes dropped down to his tumescent manhood, hovering just a
foot away from her face. She'd do it for him willingly - sucking cock
always turned her on and there would be the added thrill of incest.
   But he had other ideas. Instead, he dropped to his knees in front
of her and pushed her thighs open. Salaciously, Nikki dropped
back on her elbows to further expose the underside of her crotch
to her excited parent. His strong hands gripped her hips above her
legs and pulled her lap to the edge of the bed. Nikki knew what
was coming.
   "Want a taste, Dad?" she asked shamefully.
   "Yeah, I want to suck on my baby's pussy!" he said and then
almost immediately make a chuckling noise. "That sounds
terrible, doesn't it?"
   "God, no! I want to do everything with you," Nikki promised.
"Please lick me......eat me."
   Nikki saw any doubts of his fly away and her father lowered his
face in her lap. She watched him press his lips in the triangular
patch of her pubic hair above her pussy. He left it there for several
seconds and she could feel him breathing strongly through his
nose, savoring the moment. Then, he moved his lips down to the
puffy folds at the top of her wrinkled cleft and kissed them.
   Pulling his mouth off her, he ran his hands down in her lap and
used his thumbs to peel back the covering of her clit. Nikki licked
her lips in anticipation as he blew air across the pea-sized
prominence. His tongue flicked out and lapped at the sensitive
bundle, slowly at first, and then in rapid fashion.
   "Mmmmmmmmm," Nikki murmured.
"MmmmmmHhhhhmmmmm!"
   Spreading her legs for her father's tongue had her juiced again to
the max...it was better than spreading them for Tori's
tongue...anyone's tongue! This man had raised her and now he
was licking her!
   Her father squashed his mouth on the pink lining surrounding her
erect clitoris and he sucked on it, sending shivers through Nikki's
nervous system.
   "OOoooooooMMmmmhhhhhmmm," she yelped and he looked
up into her eyes. Remaining on her elbows so she could watch,
Nikki raised her hands from the bed to squeeze her tits, pushing
them to the center of her chest to show her father how they moved
all around.
   Dad kept up his attack on her pussy and she wiggled her furry
furrow on his lips, incestuous lust coursing through both of them.
His lips left her ravaged clitty and moved lower, his tongue sliding
down her slit like a letter opener, right down to the entrance of her
pussy.
   "Oh, Daddy......uuuhhhhhh....right
there.....UUUHHHHHHhhHHH!" Nikki whimpered as he sent his
stiffened tongue into her pussyhole as deep as he could work it.
Her legs tried to snap closed at the forbidden act but her father's
hands pushed them back wide as he began tongue-fucking her.
   "THAT'SIT....MMMMMMMHHHMMMMM....OOOOHHHHH!"
Nikki threw her right hand on top of her father's head and humped
her cunt on his tongue...once...twice...and then her loins
exploded, "GGGGAAAA!!!"
   Her other hand grabbed his head and she fell back on the bed,
throwing her crescending crotch at his slurping mouth. From a
faraway place, she felt him sucking and sucking on her oily
discharge like wine.
   Minutes later, she was calmed down, holding her father's head
as he kissed her belly. Nikki brought her head off the bed and
looked down her reclining body to watch his mouth explore more
of her body.
   'God, he turns me on!' Nikki declared to herself as her father
planted another soft kiss on her bellybutton and then tried to work
his tongue into that as well.
   "Dad, I think I love you," Nikki cooed at the ticklish feeling.
   He stopped his oral ministrations and looked up her sexy body
as he slid his hands slowly up her sides.
   "You don't love me.....not like that....." His hands collected her
fanned breasts and massaged them, "...you'll meet some guy in a
few years and get married...." His hands went into her armpits and
began pushing her back on the bed as he raised up, "...like any
other ordinary girl..." He moved on the bed with her, over her as
she instinctively spread her legs for him, his weight coming down
on her, "...but until then.." he whispered in her ear as she felt the
spongy head of his prick bump against the thin area of skin
between her pussy and asshole, "...you're all mine."
   Nikki gasp as he found her saliva-slick notch and he filled her
again with his hard cock. Her pussy trembled around his sinking
member after the two strong orgasms she'd already had. She
threw her arms around his neck as he began to screw her hard.
   "Yeesssss.....mmmhhhhmmm...OH...OH....UHHH...uuuhh...oh..
OOOH....uuhhhh....nnnnngg....OHDAD!...hhsss...hhhssss...OOH!"


   'I love Nikki's young, tight pussy!' Jonas wanted to shout so loud
that the neighbors would hear.  He'd never enjoyed fucking any
woman as much as he was his own daughter; she was the one
woman he would never grow tired of sexually - the tabooness
would always be exciting.
   Her sleek body felt so good under him as he jammed his hands
under her ass, transferring most of his weight into his shoulders,
the extra heaviness pinning her to the bed.
   With handfuls of her sexy ass, he changed his thrusts by
moving his hips in circles like a Ferris wheel. He pumped into her
going downward and then lifted her whole crotch with the upward
roll of his hips. Nikki seemed to love that.
   "Oooohh....you're fucking....me so
good...OHH...OOHHH...UUUHHH," she panted with each thrust.
Nikki was a very vocal lover and it just lit the fire under him.
   'Coming's going to be so good,' he thought giddily. Then he
remembered that he didn't know if it would be safe. His lust had
almost consumed him.
   He sunk his erection in her and raised himself up on his arms.
Nikki's hands remained around his neck as they looked at each
other.
   "Baby, what kind of birth control do you use?" he asked,
sincerely not knowing.
   "I'm on the Pill, of course," Nikki replied, rubbing his neck.
   "Great!" he replied, unable to keep the excitement out of his
voice.
   "Yeah, Dad...you can come in me!" Nikki said hotly  "Is that
what you wanted to know?....Well, it's all right....you can shoot it
way up inside me!" Jonas's dick throbbed at Nikki's lewd invitation.
   "Oh, baby, when you talk that way!...."
   "I can't wait to feel it, Dad...I saw how big you came in
Carmen...do me just like that!...come on!"
   "I'm going to, Nikki," he swore as he began fucking her again.
He wasn't going to last long with the green light to fill her belly with
his seed. He looked down between their bodies and saw his cock
clearly for the first time as it knifed between her spread pussy lips.
   'Jesus, look at that....that's fucking obscene!' his mind shouted.
   His daughter's hands slid down his chest and wrapped around
his back, then moved lower to grip his churning ass. 
   "OOOHYEAAHH....GIVE IT TO ME!" Nikki wailed at him now,
"OH..UHH ...DOITDAD...UUUHHHH....COMEINME...COMEINME!"
   Jonas felt himself going over the edge....right into the abyss.
   "UUNGGGHHHH...ARRRGGGGGHHHH!" he groaned as his
buried cock spat the first long rope of cum in his daughter, his
fingers digging into the bedspread on either side of her head. His
vision crossed and swam before his eyes as following spurts,
more like little wellings, slowly deposited the rest of his ball load
all up and down the lining of Nikki's sweet cunt as he worked his
softening prick in and out, in and out.
   "Mmmmmm....I can feel it," Nikki said softly and he looked at
her flushed face. "It feels wild, Dad."
   Jonas didn't know what to say beyond that.....it was mind-
blowing. He lowered himself down and kissed her several times,
nibbling at her lips in post-orgasmic serenity. 


   Jonas woke up alone in his bed around 9 A.M. the next morning.
He had forgotten to pull the curtains before he retired the night
before and now bright Saturday sunlight lit the room.
   Jonas lay there with his eyes closed for several minutes,
remembering the night before. Sticking it in her out on the deck,
eating her until she came again and then getting his own rocks off
between her young legs.....God, he felt ten years younger.
   She was just amazing. Sexually, she was far more developed
than other's her age but she still had that tight 20 year old body.
He felt no regrets about partaking in what she had offered.
   He turned over in the bed and swore he could smell Nikki's
scent on the pillow. She had wanted to sleep with him in his bed,
after they had both cleaned up a bit. She'd felt so good, laying
beside him.
   'I wonder if she's still here?' Jonas thought. Nikki was not known
for rising early on a weekend and they had been up late.
   He swung his legs out of bed and walked into the bathroom. He
took a much needed piss and brushed his hair and mustache.
   "You look pretty good this morning, you old lecher," he said to
his 41 year old reflection and went back into the bedroom to
dress. He decided on his usual beach house garb - underwear and
a pair of shorts. Most days that was all you needed unless a
marine layer was socking in the coast.
   Whistling ' It Never Rains in Southern California ', he headed
toward the main part of the house.
   Walking through the livingroom, he could smell hot coffee.
   'She is here...good.'
   He entered the kitchen to find it empty. The coffee sounded real
good. He decided to search for his daughter after he poured
himself a cup. As he was getting a cup from the cupboard, he
looked out the kitchen window and spotted the top of Nikki's head.
She was sitting on the bench under the window. He rapped on the
pane and she stood up, gave him a wave and started for the doors
to the livingroom.
   Jonas poured his cup of coffee and turned around to find Nikki
standing in the kitchen doorway.
   "Good morning...Daddy," Nikki said oh-so-innocently and then
chuckled at their little secret. She was wearing a terry cloth robe,
cinched at the waist; it looked too big on her. She'd pinned most
of her hair up in the back, leaving a long lock of hair hanging down
either side of her face. She was holding her own coffee cup.
   "Well, good morning to you, darling daughter," he played along,
leaning back against the counter and sipping his coffee.
   She walked up to him, stood on her tiptoes and gave him a
quick peck on the lips. Then she pulled away and leaned against
the sink area.
   "Like my robe?" she said, holding out her arms.
   "That's your mother's robe," Jonas observed and Nikki shook her
head.
   "No, Daddy....this robe belongs to the woman of the house."
Nikki inference was obvious; she was sharing his bed, so she was
the new woman of the house. Jonas got the idea that Nikki got a
kick out of taking the place of her mother.
   "You sure earned it last night," he complimented her, walking
past her and tapping a finger on her lips. She made a playful biting
motion at it before following him into the livingroom.
   He sat on the couch and she dropped into an easy chair, folding
a leg underneath her.
   "Look like a good day out there?" he asked.
   "Everyday is going to be good from now on," she promised.
   "Are you planning to answer every question with little twist?"
   Nikki laughed. "All right, I'll stop.....I'm still high from last
night!"
   "You know we irrevocably changed our relationship last night...."
Jonas began, getting ready to lay down some ground rules for any
further forbidden fornication. They were playing with fire and he had
to impress that on her.
   "Not that we had much of a relationship before this," Nikki
observed.
   "OUCH!" Jonas acted hurt, putting a hand on his chest. "That
hurt."
   "Well, come on, Dad," Nikki continued, "The last 3 or 4 years,
you've been sorta distant.......working late a lot....maybe
entertaining other women according to mother," she smiled at the
dig.
   "I'm sorry, baby," Jonas said sincerely.
   "Dad, you should thank your lucky stars....if we had had a real
father-daughter relationship, I wouldn't have proposed what
happened last night."
   "In that case, I'm glad I ignored you," Jonas said tongue-in-
cheek.
   Nikki got up and moved to sit beside him. Just then, a faint
beeping sound came from her purse which sat on the coffee table.
   "My beeper," she explained, opening her purse and turning off
the device. She looked at the end of it to see what call back
number was displayed. "It's Tori."
   "Here you go," Jonas said, picking up the cordless handset from
the base beside the couch.
   Nikki sat beside him, facing him and dialed Tori.
   "Hi, Tori........what did you tell her?.........O.K., that was
good....how long ago did she call?.....all right, thanks.....I can't
talk right now.... because!" She smiled at him. "I'll talk to you
later."
   She turned the handset off.
   "What was that about?" Jonas asked.
   Nikki tapped the end of the headset's antenna against her
mouth, obviously in thought.
   "O.K., I'm going to tell you but you can't get mad....I told Mom I
was staying at Tori's last night."
   "I think I can forgive you that," Jonas said, running his finger
along her jawline. He preferred to remember her flat on her back,
receiving his hard staff in her fabulous pussy - that, after all, had
been the end result of her little white lie.
   "Thanks," she said, moving her foot against his left shin, rubbing
it. "I need to call Mom. She's looking for me."
   "Sure, go ahead."
   Nikki dialed home and began talking to his soon-to-be-ex-wife.
   "Hi, Mom! Tori said you called.....I'll probably be home later this
afternoon......I don't know, 4 or 5 o'clock maybe.....we can still do
something later....where am I?"
   Nikki looked at him, unsure what she should say. Jonas
motioned that she should tell her she was there.
   "I'm heading out to see Dad......he is still my father. I know you
guys are upset at each other....Mom, listen. I'm just going to stop
in and say hello, O.K.? I'll be home around noon, how's
that?......we'll go shopping.  .....great, I'll see you then. Bye."
   Nikki handed the handset back to him.
   "Mom didn't like the fact that I was coming to see you."
   "Nikki, she's going to be like that for a long time."
   "It's going to be hard to slip out here as much as I want to,"
Nikki said, rubbing her hand on his hairy chest.
   "I'm sure you'll find a way....there is something you need to find
out for me. We've got to be sure that she's not having me watched
anymore."
   "Eeeewwww, you're right." Nikki saw the danger in that.
   "It may be nothing to worry about....your mother would just think
you were here visiting. How could she ever imagine what we are
really going to be doing out here?" Jonas stroked her neck as he
thought about all her future visits, all those future fuck sessions.
   "Now you're doing it!" Nikki pointed out.
   "I couldn't resist it.....you excite your old man."
   "You're hardly old. I do have something to tell you that might get
you more excited....I was thinking about it when I was sitting
outside."
   "I'm all ears," Jonas said.
   "It involves Tori....me and her are more than best friends.......I
sorta seduced her a few years ago!" 



From chilipeelr@aol.com Fri Jul 04 16:45:08 1997
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Chili Repost: The Swing Man - Part 6 (inc, father/daughter)
From: chilipeelr@aol.com (ChiliPeelr)
Date: 4 Jul 1997 21:45:08 GMT

*********************************************************************
THE FOLLOWING STORY CONTAINS GRAPHIC LANGUAGE
AND DESCRIPTIONS OF SEXUAL ACTIVITIES.  THIS MATERIAL
IS DISTRIBUTED "FOR ADULTS ONLY" AND POSSESSION BY
A MINOR IS STRICTLY FORBIDDEN.  IF YOU ARE UNDER 18
YEARS OF AGE - GO FIND SOMETHING ELSE TO READ.
********************************************************************

The Swing Man by Chili Peeler (chilipeelr@aol.com)

Part 6


   Jonas perked up at that. Every man just loves to watch two girls
get it on...... all those legs and asses and tits and tongues rolling
around. One of his favorite things had been sneaking down to the
Cheetah club to watch some girl-girl action and try to pick up one
of the dancers.
   "Were you two experimenting a little?  Just curious?"
   "Not me....I got into it at college. But it was Tori's first time."
   "No wonder your grades were so bad," Jonas observed.
"OOOWW!"
   Nikki had pulled on his chest hairs.
   "Boy, I thought you'd be more surprised than this!" Nikki said.
   "I'm really only surprised at your choice....Tori's just sorta, I
don't know, uh, homely?"
   "Dad, when's the last time you've seen Tori?"  Jonas guessed it
may have been maybe two years and he told her so. "Then, you
haven't seen the new Tori....she's dropped a lot of weight, cut her
hair short...and she grew." Nikki held her hands in front of her
chest in a Dolly Parton parody.
   "I can't believe Tori's changed that much." he said.
   "You'll see...the reason I brought it up is that I'd like to have Tori
over.... maybe you'd like to watch us."
   "Like from a closet?" Jonas asked, slightly intrigued. The threat
of Tori finding out about he and Nikki really put a damper on his
arousal.
   "No, silly....we're naked, you're naked....and then we have a little
audience participation at the end."
   Now, that surprised Jonas; that she would even consider telling
Tori about their incestuous affair because that was what she was
proposing.
   "Nikki, absolutely not! You can not tell anyone about us. Do you
understand what could happen to me?...to us?" Jonas scolded her
for even dreaming up such a crazy idea.
   "But, Dad..."
   "No buts! Baby, if you told Tori and she let it slip....or got mad at
you and wanted to hurt us...Nikki, it could ruin our lives." Jonas
had bad thoughts of disbarment and some jail time.
   "O.K.!...O.K.! .....I won't tell her, Dad." Nikki promised, putting
her coffee cup on the table in front of her. "I thought you wanted to
get wild."
   "I think sleeping with my own daughter is wild enough!" Jonas
said with a laugh and Nikki turned back to him with a wicked grin
on her face.
   She scooted right next to him and swung her knee over his legs,
ending up straddling his thighs facing him. Jonas put the coffee
cup he'd almost dropped on the end table near the phone as his
daughter placed her hands around his neck.
   "So....I'm wild enough for you?!" Nikki said, now with a playful,
seductive edge to her voice. She looked so wholesome and yet so
sexy - her blue eyes, thin aristocratic nose, those little lips, cute
narrow chin, the hint of cleavage through the slightly opened robe,
the creamy-white complexion of her skin. 
   "You're my little heartbreaker," Jonas said softly. It had been
quite a while since he'd made love to a woman the morning after
but he felt the stirrings to do just that with his alluring daughter.
   "I'd never break your heart, Daddy," Nikki whispered as she
moved her mouth toward his. She kissed him, feather-light on the
lips and then left her face close to his, rubbing her nose on his.
   'God, she's like a drug,' Jonas thought as his hands began
undoing the sash of her robe. 'And I'm getting hooked fast.'
   "Mmmmm.....Daddy, what are you doing?" Nikki asked
innocently. 
   "We got two hours to kill, sweetheart," Jonas replied, sliding his
hands in the open front of her robe. Nikki chuckled and began
kissing him again.

   Forty minutes later, the master bedroom was ringing with their
grunts and groans. The sheer inner set of curtains had been pulled
closed, allowing most of the sunlight to pass through and give the
room a yellowish glow. Faint gray fibrous shadows of the curtain's
fabric fell on the moving bodies of the incestuous pair like
undulating topographic lines.
   'Jesus, I love this!' Nikki confessed mentally as she gripped the
sturdy lacquered slats of her parent's headboard, looking back
over her right shoulder, watching her horny father hump into her
slippery slot.
   "Ah...oh....oohhhh...uh....uhhh...gaaa....ummmm....yeah," she
throatily huffed and puffed as her father's strong hands gripped her
waist, holding her lithe frame steady.
   Last night's lovemaking had been a series of quick sprints to
orgasms for both of them but, this morning, her father was really
taking his time, stopping periodically to just let his erection
luxuriate in her young body or to change to another position.
   She caught her father's eye when he looked up from watching
his penetration. Smiling contentedly, he stuck his long-lasting
peter deep in her and let his chest drop down on her back, his lips
kissing her shoulder a couple of times.
   "Enjoying yourself?" he ask unnecessarily. He'd given her a
mini-orgasm once already by going down on her to begin with. She
now knew why girls went for older men if her father was any
example - they would go out of their way to please a young piece
of ass, whether out of gratitude or the promise of more.
   "Oh yeah!" she said, grinding her butt against him as she faced
the headboard again, "Tell me again why this is against the
law...." she joked.
   Her father chuckled, then leaned his torso back up a little. Nikki
felt his hands start sliding up her back, his thumbs kneading little
circles along either side of her spine.
   "I love your body," her father murmured.
   "Just my body?"
   "No, baby...of course, I love all of you.....," her father assured
her as he leaned all the way back, running his hands down the
length of her back. They kept going over the very back of her rear
end and she felt his thumbs pulling the lower swells of her ass
further apart, pulling the skin on either side of her stuffed pussy
taut, "....but your body is way out in front."
   Nikki used her cuntal muscles to squeeze his organ and her
father lightly slapped her ass.
   "That's a talented little pussy." 
   "It really wants to come, Daddy," she informed him, looking
back to see him again staring at it...her father was definitely a
pussyman.  Nikki wished he'd just get back to fucking her. So,
she was really disappointed when she felt him pull out of her fuck-
ready snatch.
   "Let me see you make it come, baby....here, scoot back a
little.....now lay your face on the pillows....yeah, stick that ass up
higher...beautiful ... now, let me see you play with that pussy."
   Masturbating herself for her father sounded pretty kinky and
Nikki liked the idea. He might have gotten the idea from what she
had told him about her and Tori. She spread her knees a little
wider on the bed, slipping her right hand back between her thighs.
Her slender fingers knew the territory well.
   "Very nice...verrrrryyy nice," Dad said from somewhere behind
her as she rubbed and pulled and spread her bush-fringed cunt
petals. "God, that looks good, baby.....just like that.....that looks
so hot.....shit, yes....
I'll give you about twenty minutes to stop that!"
   "Daddddddyy, you're incorrigible!" Nikki cried from the pillow her
face was laying on....called him incorrigible as she frigged her
tingling twat eight ways to Sunday.
   Nikki closed her eyes and began waxing her clit with her
glistening fingertips. In a few minutes, she was making little
yipping sounds as bolts of current shot through her fiery pussy.
She was getting awfully close to a climatic conclusion.
   She'd almost forgotten about her father, caught up in her
fingering frenzy, but suddenly his hands were on her ass, pulling
the lower portion of her butt apart again. Then his lips barely
touched her slit, almost making her come on the spot.
Instinctively, she made a dipping motion with her hips like she was
fucking someone herself.
   His lips went away but she knew he was watching so she kept
on phantom-fucking the air beneath her hips, holding her fingers
still and moving her pussy on them. In her mind's eye, she could
see her father back there jacking himself, too.
   "MMMMMM....SSSSSSSS....UUUMMMM...MMMMMM!" Nikki
panted away into the pillow, finding it harder to breathe as she
shot down the homestretch toward her much-needed orgasm.
   Her father threw a new twist at her and couldn't have timed it any
better.
   His strong hands grabbed the front of her legs above her knees
and jerked them back about a foot. Her hips fell to within six
inches of the mattress. Before she could raise her shoulders with
her left elbow and look around to see what he had in mind, he was
on top of her, driving his hot fat pecker deep in her fuck-slit.
   "OOOOOOOUUUUGGGGGGGG!" Nikki groaned as his full
weight came down on her, pinning her right arm under her, and he
began hammering away with his hips.
   "COME...COME...COME...COME!"  Daddy yelled with each
thrust.
   "OOOOOHHHHGODDDD......DDADDDDDDYY!!"
   Nikki's cunt exploded around her parent's prick like the night
before but far more intensely. Her feet and head snapped up in
unison has her innards turned to quicksilver all up and down her
father's slowing dick.
   "OH YEAH, BABY....COME...oh, yeah....let it go..let it go," she
heard her father's voice close to her ear. She expected to feel the
warm rush of his incestuous spunk but it never came.
   The waves of orgasm coursed out and came crashing back on
each other for over a minute, her blown-away box shuddering and
squeezing her father's buried member.
   When it was over, she let her chin fall into the pillow and her feet
fall across the back of his knees like stems on a pair of
sunglasses. She felt her father's lips against the side of her hair,
kissing it and nuzzling toward her ear.
   "Daddy?" she finally murmured.
   "Mmmhhhhmmm."
   "Is there any way we could get married?"
   Her father started laughing deep in his chest and she smiled,
thoroughly sated. Her father gave her calm cunt a few slow pumps
with his still hard cock, reminding her that they were not through
by a longshot.   

   'God, that was a close one....couple more strokes and I'd have
popped my cork in my baby's pussy again,' Jonas thought as he
stroked her supple body. 'I'm a sick fuck for doing this but it's just
too damn good... just laying here naked with her would be better
than the sex her mother had been giving me...actually fucking her
surpasses everything...I'm going to make her turn over on her back
for the big finish....look in her eyes while I screw her!"  
   Jonas ran his right hand over her shoulder, slowly up her neck,
and brushed aside the lock of hair that covered her cheek. He
kissed her exposed ear briefly and then the side of her mouth - the
mouth that had nursed at his nipples, sucked on his tongue.....
   'Sucking?.....oh yeah, those lips are made for sucking!....I've
satisfied her enough for one day....time for Nikki to give me what I
want.' His dick grew stiffer in his daughter's pussy thinking about
what he was going to ask her to do.
   Jonas pulled out of his daughter, rolled off her to the left onto his
side, and began collecting pillows to prop himself up. Beside him,
Nikki rolled over toward him and her right shoulder came to rest
against his stomach. She turned her face up toward him.
   "Want to do something special for me?" Jonas asked.
   Nikki gave him a little smile. "Maybe."
   "I'd like to finish by doing something we have tried yet," Jonas
said, smoothing her bangs with his left hand.
   "Mmmmmmm, let me guess....you want me on top this time?"
   "No, but we will do that sometime, I promise you....let me give
you a hint." His stroking hand had moved down the far side of her
face. He moved his forefinger to her mouth and pushed it past her
lips. He moved it in and out and winked at her.
   Nikki's eyes filled with understanding and she smiled around his
finger before giving it a loving suck. His pretty daughter was going
to suck his cock!
   "That's my girl," Jonas said as she rolled over on top of him,
straddling his stomach with her elbows and laying her legs
between his, her back arched due to the incline of his body. Jonas
felt her soft boobs pressing against his erection, could actually
see the cap of his cock sandwiched between his stomach and her
breastbone when she looked up at him.
   "You're asking me to take your big dick in my mouth.....Daddy,
I'm just shocked!"  Nikki was such a cockteaser and Jonas loved
it.  
   "Don't play Miss Innocent with me!" Jonas sniggered, pushing
her shoulders down his body, "I'm betting you're real good at this,
Nikki."
   Nikki kissed her way down his torso as she shifted her body into
cocksucking position, keeping her eyes on his face until the puffy
crown of his prick hit the bottom of her chin.
   At that point, she twisted her body so her left armpit supported
herself on his right thigh and her right hand began rubbing the
underside of his cock as it lay on his lap.
   "Think you can handle that?" Jonas asked her, laying his right
hand on the back of her head.
   "I think so," Nikki purred confidently as her right hand fisted the
base and hefted it upright so his drunkenly swaying phallus was
right there in front of her pretty little mouth.
   "Mmmmmm," she said, "O.K., Dad, how do you want it? Nice
and slow?" Looking at his face, she gave the underside of his
glans a long, slow lick.
   "Or nice and hard?" She tightened her grip on his shaft and
jacked his cock several times.
   "Oooooh, Jesus!..... Nikki, it's not going to matter! I'm not going
to be able to hold out long watching you, not the first time......give
me a few minutes of slow and then just give it all you got, honey!" 
   His naughty daughter began licking around the head of his
organ, taking her sweet time. He'd oozed a little when she gave
him the preview jacks and he watched her lick that up, her tongue
swirling around and around.
   "Mmmmm, that's great.....baby, you're going to ruin me for other
women, you know that don't you?... aahh....no pussy or mouth is
ever going to compare!"
   Nikki dropped her face behind his wide wanker and her tongue
dragged down his underside until her lips reached the top of his
hairy scrotum. She bent his cock to the side so he would have an
unobstructed view as she began sucking in little slivers of his sack
through her lips.
   "Nice, honey, very nice," he encouraged her when she looked up
at him. She moved her body even further back, dipping her nose
down out of his sight and came back up with his whole left nut in
her mouth. Jonas had never had that done and it sent his cock a
twitching as he watched his daughter do the same to his other
ball, the warm interior of her mouth sucking his egg-shaped
testicle lovingly.
   She plopped the hairy cum-maker out of her mouth and rose up
on her left hand and knees, her right hand swinging his flagpole
cock up to her lips again. Jonas watched her mouth hover over him
for a few seconds as her tongue wetted her lips. Then she gave
the tip of his cock a kiss, held the smooch briefly and then her lips
expanded as she pushed her mouth down.
   "AAAAAAAAaaahhhhhhhh!" Jonas groaned as his bloated
cockknob disappeared up into his daughter's mouth. Her lips
stopped when she had the head engulfed.
   She slid her hand slowly up to meet her lips, not gripping it very
tightly but the sight was enough to almost unhinged Jonas. She
slid her hand back down his cock and then took her hand away,
now holding him with only her mouth. Slowly she began rotating
her face, twisting her lips on him while her tongue tormented his
imprisoned glans.
   "AAaaaaahhh, that's good, honey.......oh.....oh yeah....let me
see how much you can take......go
ahead....aaaahhAAAAAHHHH!" Jonas groaned again as she sank
her lips lower, taking half of his distended dick to the back of her
throat in a series of small gulping motions.
   She began really blowing him then - bobbing her head, sucking
hard with concave cheeks. Just like he'd ordered.
   "YEAAAHH...suck it, Nikki!..unnnnnhhh...uuunnnnnhhh."
   His daughter's no-hands blowjob was making his sperm
percolate in his ball-sac. He wasn't going to hold back when the
moment came - he was just going to ejaculate right in her mouth.
He had no doubts that his little girl was a swallower....a hot bi-
sexual father-cocksucking swallower!  
   "Unnnnnhhh.....Nikkkiiii....you're making me feel so
good....uuuunnnh."
His daughter's mouth had perfect control of his proud prick. Her
lips came oh so close to leaving his dick but never did; they
always stopped with half his cockhead showing, filling the room
with a slurping sound, and then corkscrewed down his lip-
stretching throbber.
   Jonas watched it all, filing the images away in his mind under a
folder called "BLOWJOB1" - the way her lips did stretch thin, her
eyes closed as she worshipped him orally, the way the locks of
hair on each side of her face swayed with her head bobbing, her
dangling knockers which he could see through her arms.
   "Shit, baby.....oh Nikki, I'm right there!" Jonas warned, his hands
coming up to grab her pitching head. He could feel himself
beginning to lose it. There is that four or five seconds before
climax when every man knows it is all over, that there is no turning
back. He thrust up into her mouth once, unable to control himself.  
   "MMMPPPFF!" Nikki moaned around his girth as he banged
against the back of her throat. Her right hand came back up and
gripped his rowdy erection, giving her more control. It also allowed
her to start whacking him off in her mouth, her fist went flying up
and down his shaft. 
   "Nikki!....God, Nikki...uuugggghhh...UUUUNNGGGHH ....
GGGGAAA!"
Jonas gave a strangled cry as his first main wad of his semen
jetted up into the wet heat of Nikki's waiting mouth.
   "MMMMMHMMMMSLLLLRRIIIIIIIIPPPP!" Nikki hummed and
then slurped loudly as she gulped down his first burst, her hand
cranking him for more. Jonas threatened to crush her head with
his hands as she jacked more jism out of his twitching Johnson.
   "SLLLRRIIIIIPPPP!" She milked his boner four or five times and
then drew her mouth off him, her hand still around his base.
   Jonas opened his eyes when he felt her mouth withdraw. He felt
more jism still left and he didn't think Nikki realized it.
   "I'm not done, Nikki!" he gasped. He covered her hand with his
and made her jack him again. A fountain of his watery cum,
maybe an inch high, gushed through his piss-slit and trickled
down around her hand.
   "God, Dad!" Nikki exclaimed as she drew another white fountain
from his ball-wells, her hand slippery with cum. Without being told,
she wrapped her hot lips around his slimy fountainhead and
continued coaxing his slow-traveling semen with her pumping fist.
   With old age, Jonas's delivery system had slowed down but
times like this made it a blessing....all the minor cumshots felt
great and he had a lot of them.
   Finally, he was empty. Nikki proved this by pulling his dick out
of her mouth and milking it strongly, only to have nothing come
out.
   "Thank you, Nikki..I think that will quite do it," Jonas advised her
as she rolled on her left side, laying her weight again on his right
thigh, and jacked him again just to be sure.
   "Have you got a spare tank or what?!" Nikki kidded him. It wasn't
that he pumped out more than he used to when he was younger, it
just took longer.
   "It's just age," he told her, rubbing her shoulder, "I'm an old
man."
   "Yeah, so you keep saying!.......tell it to my pussy," Nikki doled
out more hot compliments.
   The phone rang on the nightstand and Jonas picked up the
handset and turned it on. 
   "Hello."
   There was silence for a few seconds and he was going to hang
up but then he heard Stella say, "Jonas, I'd like to speak to Nikki."
   "Hello, Stella," he said, looking down at his daughter. Nikki gave
him a wicked grin and took his half-hard prick back into her mouth,
her eyes looking up at him. It was just like her to do something
like that when he was talking to her mother. "Let me get her for
you," he said, covering the phone with his hand. 
   "Nikki, you got to talk to her," he whispered down to his bad
daughter.
   Nikki drew her mouth off him and made a pouty face.
   "Oh, Dad! Tell her I'm too busy sucking your dick!" she kidded.
Jonas made an angry face back at her and she got up on her
knees. "Chill, Dad!" she said, pulling his legs together and
crawling onto his lap, where she sat down, her knees straddling
his hips, her pussy on his deflating dick.
   She took the phone and said sweetly, "Hi, Mom!.......yeah, I'll be
leaving here in about 15 minutes.......sure, anything else you
need?....all right, bye!"
   She tossed the turned off handset on the bed and leaned down
to give him a quick kiss.
   "When am I going to see you again?" Jonas asked.
   "I'll be with Mom all night probably...I'm sure I could come out
tomorrow. Can you wait that long?" she said, running a finger
down his chest.
   "I guess I'll have to."
   "I'm gonna get cleaned up," Nikki said, crawling off him and
padding toward the bathroom. Jonas was sure she was swinging
that little ass of hers just a little more than usual, setting the
hooks in him a bit deeper.
 
********************************************************

   Nikki stopped by the store on the way home and bought the
item that Mother had phoned about. Driving back to Brentwood,
she felt unhappy. She really didn't want to spend the night with her
mother. Like with her father, Nikki had little in common with her. It
hadn't been that way always but in the last few years as Nikki had
started spending more and more time outside the home exploring
her sexuality, she had come to see how uptight her mother was.
   Not just to the idea of sex - about everything! Smoking,
fashions, what was in the movies, all kinds of stuff. It was stifling
to hear all the "you're not going to wear that, are you?" and the "if
you're going to live in this house...".
   'I wouldn't get that if I was living with Dad!' Nikki thought. 'Dad
and I are more than in tune.'
   Dinner with her mother was a slow torture as she continued to
heap bad thing upon bad thing on her father. Nikki spoke up for her
father on a number of occasions, just to show her mother that
there were two sides to every story.
   After dinner, Nikki suggested that they go out and see a movie.
She would have gladly sat through some European subtitled
masterpiece if it meant they didn't have to talk for two hours.
   But before they could decide on anything, they got a phone call
from Mrs. Sperling, Tori's mother. Tori had told her what was
happening in the Elliot household and she had phoned to talk with
Stella. They were friends by association of their daughters.
   Mrs. Sperling invited them to come over and visit. Nikki was
surprised when her mother accepted the invitation.
   So a half hour later they were over at the Sperling home. Her
mother and Mrs. Sperling sat and talked in the livingroom while
Nikki and Tori went upstairs to Tori's bedroom.  
   "All right...where were you last night, Nikki?" Tori asked as soon
as they were alone.
   "Tori, I'd really rather not say...no, I take that back, I'd really
like
to tell you....but I can't." Nikki said, falling across her bed in
exasperation.
   "Do you hear yourself?" Tori said sitting on the bed beside her.
"You sound all confused....I thought there was nothing we couldn't
tell each other."
   "Tori, I think I could tell you. I know you'd keep it secret. But
there's someone else involved that made me promise not to tell
anyone."
   "You know you're going to tell me," Tori said confidently,
stroking Nikki's jean-clad leg. "So why not just do it now?....is it a
guy or a girl?....come on, Nikki, spill it."
   Nikki felt herself weakening...she just had to tell someone else
her secret. Tori could keep her secret; she was sure of it.
   "All right but you got to promise not to tell!"

*****************************

   Jonas Elliot came to a stop in front of the beach house early the
next morning and put his hands on his hips as he drank in huge
gulps of sea air. A marine layer was still hanging around, keeping
the temperature down, so he'd decided to take a jog along the
ocean.  The run had felt good, got his blood flowing but he hadn't
run far enough to tire himself needlessly.
   'Not when Nikki's coming out," he chuckled to himself.
   The night before had been so boring after all that had gone on.
Eventually he'd driven down to Gladstone's for a late dinner and
then had come back and milled around the empty beach house for
a while, finally going to bed in hopes that it would seem to shorten
the time until he could have Nikki in his arms.
   He took off his sweaty T-shirt and went up the stairs that led up
to the deck of his home. In the kitchen, he took a jug of Gatorade
out of the refrigerator and drank it without using a glass. There was
one thing he hated to do and that was dishes. He'd be doing a lot
of eating out.
   He went back into the living area and saw that someone had
called while he was out. He walked to the message machine and
hit the button.
   "Hi, Dad. Where are you? Just calling to let you know I'll be
there around 11. Love ya, bye."
   'Another two hours and my little horny baby will be back!" Jonas
thought as he headed back to shower.
  

   At 12:15 P.M., Nikki pulled up and parked outside the door in
the privacy wall at the beach house. She'd arrived late on purpose;
she wanted her father to wait a little longer.
   'I'm going to hate to do this but he'll thank me later,' she hoped.
   She got out of the car and reached in the bag seat for the duffel
bag purse she had brought her change of clothes in. A breeze
came up and ballooned the sheer hemp-toned sunshirt she was
wearing. Underneath that she had on her bikini top. A short pair of
shorts hid her bikini bottoms. She wanted to get some sun today
since she had told her mother that she was going to the
beach....although not to the beach house.
   She walked through the wall gate and down to the front door.
She tried the door and found that it was unlocked. Stepping into
the foyer, she called out for her father. He came down the hall from
his bedroom.
   "There you are!" he said.
   "Hello, Father," Nikki said, dropping bag and wrapping her arms
around his waist as he gave her welcoming kiss. And then another
real kiss with a little tongue and some roaming hands on her
bottom.
   'I don't think I'll have any trouble making him see reason,' Nikki
thought to herself as they unclenched.
   "What kind of outfit is that?" he said as they walked into the
living area.  
   "It's a sunshirt. For those of us with delicate skin," she twirled in
front of him and then began unbuttoning the shirt as he leaned
against the back of the couch. She saw the way his eyes were
looking through the sheer material. She opened the shirt and
pulled it down off her shoulders, showcasing the skimpy black
bikini top. Spaghetti straps and two triangular patches that left no
guesswork about her cleavage and the inner slopes of her breasts.
   "Ta-da!" she said.
   Her father raised his eyes from her charms and chuckled, "That
looks very nice on you, Nikki....it's going to look even better laying
by the bed."
   "Jeez, Dad! I haven't heard that one in a while," Nikki replied.
"Very unoriginal."
   "Hey, I bet there aren't many fathers that have said that to their
daughters...I think it's very original."
   "Let's go for a swim," Nikki suggested. She saw some
disappointment cross his face. She wouldn't mind just going back
to his bed either but the longer she could tease him along, the
easier it would be.
   "The water's awfully cold," he pointed out, trying to deter her, no
doubt.
   "Come on, Dad," Nikki whined. "Are you worried something will
get all shriveled up!" Her eyes went to his crotch. "Don't
worry...after the swim I'll unshrink things!"
   "Nikki, you little.....O.K., let's do it!"
   He pulled off his T-shirt, leaving himself in his usual swim trunks.
   "I'll get some towels," he said and went back to his bedroom.
   Nikki unzipped her shorts and shed them and took off her tennis
shoes. Standing up, she pulled her bikini bottoms in place as her
father came back with two towels.
   They left the towels hanging at the base of the beach stairs and
walked down to the ocean.  The beach was mostly deserted; it
was a public area but most people went up to Zuma or stayed
down at the Santa Monica beach. The only people that ever
frequented this part of the coast was the inhabitants of the beach
houses.



From chilipeelr@aol.com Fri Jul 04 16:47:22 1997
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Chili Repost: The Swing Man - Part 7 (inc, father/daughter, anal)
From: chilipeelr@aol.com (ChiliPeelr)
Date: 4 Jul 1997 21:47:22 GMT

*********************************************************************
THE FOLLOWING STORY CONTAINS GRAPHIC LANGUAGE
AND DESCRIPTIONS OF SEXUAL ACTIVITIES.  THIS MATERIAL
IS DISTRIBUTED "FOR ADULTS ONLY" AND POSSESSION BY
A MINOR IS STRICTLY FORBIDDEN.  IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 
YEARS OF AGE - GO FIND SOMETHING ELSE TO READ.
********************************************************************

The Swing Man by Chili Peeler (chilipeelr@aol.com)

Part 7


   When they walked in the water, Nikki let out a whoop at the
coldness.
   "I told you it was cold!" her father said.
   "We'll get used to it," Nikki said and bravely ran into the water
until a wave bore down on her.  She dove under it and came up
sputtering as her body rebelled against the change in temperature.
She swooped her wet hair backward and looked around for her
father. He came up beside her, letting out a whoop.
   "Jesus, Nikki!"
   "Don't be a baby," she said, her teeth chattering as she
submerged herself to the neck. "We'll get used to it."
   They splashed around for ten minutes and then headed back
into the shore. Nikki walked up to where the soft white sand began
and lay down on her back to dry off in the sun. She patted the
sand beside her and her father lay down beside her on his side
facing her.
   "Looks like that swim was pretty stimulating," he said. Nikki
followed his eyes to her chest where her hard nipples were very
apparent under her top. Nikki sat up on her elbows and used her
fingers to drag the swatches of cloth back and forth, giving her
father just a peek at her faint pinkish aureole.
   "Dad, what did you plan for us to do today?" she asked, smiling
at the way he smiled at her. Nikki could tell he wanted to touch
her but out in the open he was afraid to.
   "Oh, I figured we'd pick up where we left off yesterday."
   "I had this dream last night, Dad...I'd like to make it a reality,"
Nikki said mysteriously and hotly.
   "You know I just want to make you happy," her father responded
and leaned closer.
   "I had this dream that you and me....and Tori were all in bed
doing it."
   Nikki saw his face cloud again.
   "Nikki, we talked about that, honey. It's just not safe."
   "I know you think that but I'm telling you that Tori isn't going to
tell on us. She'd be telling on herself if she did."
   "Nikki, why can't you just be happy with us?" her father said,
risking a hand on her belly.
   "Dad, I am but I love Tori, too. I was with her before I was with
you.... and if you can't accept her into our secret, then I'm afraid I
can't see you this way anymore."
   'There...I've done it," Nikki thought.
   After she had told Tori about her sex with her father, they had
tried to think of a way to get him to loosen up about letting Tori
going them. It turned out that Tori had had a crush on her father for
years and she would love to have her father between her legs as
well.
   In fact, it was Tori's idea to withhold more sex from her father.
The idea had no downside; if her father stuck to his guns, she'd
just concede the issue and keep fucking him.
   "Nikki, you're not serious!" her father said.
   "I'm very serious, Dad....no Tori, no more me," Nikki said as
sternly as she could. It was hard to lay down an ultimatum like
that to her father.
   Her father got up and walked about twenty yards away and then
walked back.
   "This is blackmail," he said simply.
   "Suit yourself, Dad....what's it going to be?"
   "All right, Nikki...you can tell Tori. But I don't have to sleep with
her if I don't want, too. You say she's gotten more attractive but if
she doesn't do anything for me, I'm not going to sleep with her.
And I may not want her in the room when we do it."
   "That's all I wanted to hear, Dad," Nikki said standing up and
brushing sand off her ass. "I agree with your terms as well....now,
let's go inside."
   "You're going to get it when we get inside," her father promised.
   She just smiled and they walked up to the outdoor shower at the
base of the stairs. Nikki stood under it and washed off the sand.
She stepped away and her father got under it to do the same. 

   'Jesus, sexually blackmailed by my own daughter..I hope she
knows what she's doing," Jonas thought as he stood under the
shower getting the salt from his hair.
   He turned the shower off, and wiped the water from his face. And
found himself alone.
   Looking up the stairs, he saw Nikki about halfway up holding
both unused towels.
   "Want your towel, Dad?"
   "Yes," he said walking up the stairs. Nikki started walking up
the stairs, keeping her distance.
   "Nikki, come on," he said.
   "Bet you can't catch me before I get inside," Nikki challenged.
   "Nikki, I don't feel like chasing you. Just give...." He began to
running up the stairs at her, using the element of surprise. She
shrieked and started running up ahead of him but he was gaining
fast.
   He almost caught her when they reached the back door but she
shot in and ran across the living room, leaving wet footprints in the
maroon carpet. He slowed his chase and simply walked back to
his bedroom.
   He found her in the bathroom, toweling her damp hair and
looking at him in the counter-long mirror.
   "Hey, slowpoke," she said, watching him in the mirror as he
came up behind her. She looked so good, wet and shiny, like a
sea otter.
   He undid the back of her bikini top and pulled the thin straps off
her shoulders. They watched the top fall away down her front and
she put down the towel she had been holding as he reached
around her to cup her young tits.
   "You're terrible," he said, resting his cheek against her damp
hair.
   "I know," she said, smiling as she watched his hands play with
her stiff-nippled titties. Jonas swirled his flat fingers on her nipples,
moving her fluid tit-flesh up and down on her thin frame. She made
little sounds deep in her throat as she watched their reflection.
   "I forgive you," he said as he caught her nipples with his thumbs
and forefingers. He pulled them toward the mirror, making her
breasts stretch away from her body.
   "Ooooooh, Dad! I want you to fuck me right here...I want to
watch in the mirror," Nikki proposed, putting his hands over his as
he squashed her tits back on her chest.
   "Sure, baby," he agreed readily. His dick was beginning to stir
and he'd have fuck her on the roof if she wanted. He couldn't wait
to feel himself in his own flesh and blood again.
   She spun in his arms and began tugging down his wet trunks.
He helped her and they pool around his ankles. Nikki reached
behind her for the towel and then began briskly rubbing it on his
crotch.
   "The swim did shrivel you up," she said, looking up at him as
she dried and excited him at the same time. Nikki pulled the towel
away and threw it on the floor, going to her knees in front of him.
   Jonas looked down to watch her take his cock in her mouth. The
sight, like the day before, was electrifying. She began sucking
him, gently squeezing his nuts, as he ran a hand through her
damp hair.
   "That's a good girl, Nikki....oh, yeah..it's getting hard for you,"
Jonas muttered down to her. His prick was plumping up quickly
between her sliding lips. She took her mouth off him briefly, gave
him a few jacks and then continued her sucking. Soon, he was as
stiff as a hell.    
   Nikki stood up and turned back to the mirror. Looking at his
reflection behind her, she grabbed the bows on the sides of her
bottoms and undid them. She parted her legs a little and the
panties fell to the floor.
   Smiling devilishly, she bent over the counter.
   "Take me like this, Dad!" Nikki said sensuously.
   Jonas put his hands on her rear end and began to stroke the
chilled, clammy skin as he looked at her face's reflection.
   "You're cold," he observed to her.
   "You'll have to warm me up," she countered, wiggling her tush at
him.
The whole scene was very stimulating, both in the location and her
position. Doing it in the bathroom with the mirror; her mother would
never have suggested such a thing.
   Jonas moved his right hand down between her legs, sliding his
fingertips into her matted down pubes surrounding her slit. He
ruffled the hair up, sliding his hand way underneath to tease up the
vee of hair above her sex as well. Then his fingers came back to
play in the folds of her pussy and he found that area warm and
ready.
   "Mmmmm, Dad," Nikki purred, spreading her legs slightly wider.
Jonas stuck two fingers in her pussyhole and fingerfucked her for a
minute, watching the heat from between her legs show up on her
young face in the mirror.
   "You feel like you're ready, baby," Jonas said, drawing his
fingers from her hot hole.
   "Yeah, Dad, give it to me!" Nikki encouraged him.
   Jonas took up his position behind his daughter's bottom and
used his right hand to position his cockknob at her entrance.
Finding it, he pressed it home. The head barged past her tight
gateway and began its journey far up into her swampy interior.
After a quick peek at his disappearing rod into her slit, he watched
her face as he slid his fat cock up in her pussy again.
   "Ooooh, Dad....I love it.....fill me!" Nikki crooned back at him in
the mirror, some of her stringy damp hair falling over her face. She
looked really turned on, like she was going to come very soon. It
had been her idea to do it this way maybe it just had her hotter
than usual.
   Jonas bottomed out in her sweet pussy and held himself inside
her a few seconds, feeling her walls massaging his buried pecker.
He ran his hands on down her ass to grip her slender waist,
enjoying the transition from soft baby fat ass to the firm muscle of
her torso. He began fucking her with medium-hard strokes, pulling
halfway out of her hot passage before sending it back into her
welcoming cunt sheath, loosening it a little more.
   "Aahh..Nikki, I love your pussy," he grunted over her little
moans. He'd talked so familiarly with his daughter only once
before, their first night he'd told her he wanted to suck his baby's
pussy. He'd felt embarrassed after he had said it then. But now he
felt no embarrassment. Nikki was his new lover and he was going
to treat her like any woman that liked to hear hot talk during sex.
The fact that she was his daughter was just going to make it
better for both of them.
   "Daddy loves to fuck your pussy, Nikki!" He saw her eyes open
and look at his in the mirror as her upper body rocked on the
counter top. 
   "Fucking with you...is the best," Nikki said between thrusts.
   "Why is it the best?" Jonas wanted to hear his daughter confess
to the obvious. They smiled at each other in the mirror as she
formulated her reply.
   "Because you're so big," she said.
   "Because my dick is so big?" he prompted her. He shoved into
her as far as she could and she made a little yipping noise.
   "Yeaaahh," she sighed, rising to his bait, "you've got a nice big
cock!"
   "That's not why I'm the best...is it?"
   "Oh, that's part of it!...believe me, it is!....because you're my
father.... that's what makes me so wet!" She gave him a look of
pure lust and he began fucking her harder.
   "OH...OH....UHHH...uuuhh.. OH....uuhhhh....OHDAD...OOH!" 
Nikki began panting as he pounded her from behind. He could see
her eyes watching him in the mirror, her mouth hanging open. 
   Then, she began coming, her pussy tightening around his prick
as she threw her head back and shut her eyes.  
  "UUHHHHH....MMMMMM....OOHHHHH!"
   Jonas stopped his thrusting and let his damp daughter work her
way through her orgasm, massaging her straining back lovingly.
   Soon, she was still and his hands slid back to feel her soft ass
again. He watched his hands dig in to her pillow-like cheeks,
watched him move them in and out, saw her little puckered anus
above the sight of his wide member buried in her juicy cunt.
Thoughts of whether his baby was a three-imput girl sprang into
his head again.
   He ran his forefinger down onto her pucker and it tensed at the
contact. He began to slowly tease it with his finger, running his
digit around the darker skin surrounding it. Looking up as she
raised herself back onto her elbows, he saw her eyes looking at
him in the mirror.
   "You take it up the ass, Nikki?" he asked, again being more
graphic than he had been on the past. He thought Nikki enjoyed it.
She smiled.
   "I have," Nikki admitted, "but only with smaller guys."
   "I want to fuck you there," Jonas admitted, his cock throbbing in
her puss at the thought of backdooring his cute daughter. He
would leave it up to her, of course. If she didn't want to do it, he
wasn't going to press the point. 
   "We can try...I'm not sure I'll be able to....we're definitely gonna
need some lube," Nikki said, sweeping her damp hair away from
her face.
   'Yessssss!' he rejoiced to himself as he pulled his erection from
her sated quim. Nikki straightened up and he kissed her before he
went to the medicine cabinet. He took out a long-unused tube of
K-Y jelly.
   "Dad, let's move to the bed," she suggested. "I can stretch out
for you."
   He followed her to the bed where she gathered two pillows and
lay on the bed with them under her hips, elevating her derriere.
Jonas straddled the back of her thighs, opening the tube of K-Y as
she looked over her shoulder at him.
   "Be sure you use a lot," she coached him. Jonas welcomed the
advise; he'd only fucked a woman this way a few times and they
had been large women that had taken it rather easily.
   He put a large glob on his right forefinger and smeared it on her
asshole.
   "Use your finger to work it in," Nikki said. Jonas worked his
slippery digit into her anal opening, taking most of the glob of K-Y
with it. He twisted his finger in her tight sphincter, rotating it as he
tried to massage the jelly all around the inside. "Do that again,"
Nikki said and he pulled his finger out and repeated the process.
   "How's that feel, Nikki?" he asked as he finished.
   "I think that's enough...now stick in two fingers. I need to build
up to you."
   Jonas greased his forefinger and middle finger, pushed her right
cheek wide with his left hand and stabbed them into her winking
asshole. It felt so wild to watch her ass tissue pucker inward as he
fingerfucked her lubricated bung and to know that in a few
minutes, he'd have his dick inside her tightness if she could take
it.
   "That's it Dad...ooohh...now try three!" Jonas soon had three
fingers deep in Nikki's asshole, loosening it nicely.
   "O.K., I'm ready," Nikki announced. "K-Y yourself, too." 
   Jonas pulled his fingers out and saw her asshole stay fairly well
open.   
He picked up the KY and began smearing it on his cockhead and
then up and down the shaft, using plenty so he wouldn't have to
stop for more. 
   He threw the K-Y tube beside her and his daughter reached
back with both hands to pull her ass wide open for him. He leaned
over her, positioning his dick over her greasy puckerhole.
   "Go slow," she asked.
   "Oh, I will. Tell me if I'm hurting you."
   He slid his coated cockhead through the lightly scraping inside
of her ass cheeks and pressed it against her puckered target. He
let the weight of his hips push it downward, watched the area
around her dirty hole bow inward and then it seemed to envelope
him. As Nikki let out a groan, his cockhead disappeared in her
poop chute and her sphincter seemed to nibble further up his shaft
as her flesh expanded out to its original position.
   "You O.K.?" he asked, holding still.
   "Yeah, wait a minute....let me adjust," Nikki said. Jonas could
feel her trying to relax her gripping sphincter, override its natural
function. "All right...give me some more."
   Jonas fed in another inch and watched K-Y form a ring around
the outside of her sphincter as it scraped the jelly up. Nikki didn't
sound any alarm so he kept pushing. Soon, he had four inches up
her ass.
   "Baby, you've got a tight ass!" he said, stroking the top hillocks
of her girlish ass and her lower back. Her body was so smooth
and supple. Nikki had the body of a teenager, delicate and slender
and jiggling. He lowered himself further over her and kissed the
back of her head.
   "It feels so.......nasty," Nikki groaned. Jonas had to agree - it felt
good and nasty. Early afternoon, laying on his damp sexy
daughter, sticking his dick up her ass - yeah, it felt nasty. Then
Nikki added, "I can take some more.....just take it slow."
   "You're my little honey," Jonas muttered close to ear and
pushed another inch down her tight backdoor. Nikki let her breath
out when he stopped. He ran his right hand under her body and felt
her right tit as he rested a minute, murmuring to her, "You,
gorgeous girl.....I love this."
   He pushed himself back up on straight arms and looked down at
the sight of his hard manhood  between her small, sexy buns.
which looked almost pedophilic. The ring of excess K-Y had grown
as he'd pushed further into her; he used a finger to wipe away the
ring around the top of his shaft, so he could see her ass ring
gripping him.  He gave his cock a slow in and out motion,
watching the way it pulled some of the inner lining of her ass out
with it.  
   "O.K., Daddy....fuck it now...fuck my ass!" Nikki began a
humping motion with her hips into the pillows, her soft legs
pushing against the inside of his knees.
   "Yeah, Nikki....let's fuck, baby." Jonas began thrusting counter
to her movements, carefully, and soon they had a nice rhythm
going where she was pushing her ass up and he was pushing his
pud down into it. Jonas began to force more of his erection down
into her asshole, his thrusting imperceptibly harder.
   "AAaahhh....Jesus, Nikki!.....you are the hottest piece of ass!"
Jonas panted as her snug shitter began to gobble him up. She'd
been broken in and her tail began to welcome him rather than fight
him. Nikki soon had more cock up her tush than she could take
up her pussy, almost seven inches. Her downy ass cheeks filled
the space between his thighs as he pumped her rump over and
over.
   "Oh, God, Daddy!" Nikki cried as her hands came back to hold
his flexing hips. Her nails dug into his upper thighs as she arched
her butt up at him, taking his forbidden buttfuck with ease.  His
flashing greased dick was making a squish sound over the light
squeaking of the bed and their mutual panting.
   Jonas leaned back over her, placing his hands on the back of
her shoulders, pressing her into the bed. Nikki grunted at the extra
weight that pinned her under him. Besides enjoying the feel of her
skin under his hands, Jonas also imagined he was taking her
without her consent in that position. She was pretty much
helpless.
   "Play with yourself, Nikki....finger yourself while I fuck your ass,"
Jonas almost ordered his hot daughter. Her right hand disappeared
under her hips and he felt her fingers grazing his swinging balls as
she diddled herself. "That's a good girl....," Jonas huffed as he
began thrusting through her gripping sphincter faster, "....talk to
me, Nikki."
   "Remember powdering my little ass.....uuuhhh....when I was a
baby?" Nikki began, "Now your big cock....is fucking it!"  That
really drove home how perverted the whole thing was. He hadn't
raised her for this but he'd be damned if he was ever going to stop.
He was going to fuck his horny daughter for years and years, until
he couldn't get up any longer. 
   "Yeah, Nikki!.....Daddy's gonna come up your ass !" And he
wasn't lying - he could feels his nuts getting ready to blow.
   "Oh, I can't wait !.....shoot way up my rear !....give me that
dick....that big, hard dick, Daddy !" Nikki was saying all the right
things, feeding into his incestuous happiness. 
   "Uuhhhh....aaahhh.....get ready!....GET
READY!....AAAGGGGHHH!"
   Jonas let loose up his daughter's ass. He felt the first large burst
of his cum leap out into the dark recesses of Nikki's bowels. He
kept himself deep in her bottom, his cock twitching in her anus as
following spasms emptied his nuts in a leisurely fashion.
   "Mmmmm, Dad!....I feel this...heat...oh
GOD!...OOOHH!...MMMMMM!" Jonas felt her cramp along his
hunching member as her fingers and the feeling of his hot jizz
being emptied up her ass got her off again. He hadn't been
expecting it, as it came on her almost a minute after he'd started
coming, but it was the perfect ending to their sordid deed.
   Only then did Jonas realize that the curtains were wide open. He
could look out and see the ocean's edge beyond the deck. As he
watched, a couple strolled through his view. He wasn't concerned
that they would see; the darker interior of the bedroom would hide
their forms to those in the bright sunlight outside. But if someone
had walked up the stairs from the beach........he didn't want to
think about that.
   Jonas moved his hands off Nikki's shoulders and sat up on his
knees. He pulled his deflating ass-plower from her derriere,
shivering at the heady sensation as he watched himself drag out
some of his own watery cum. His cockknob cam out with a soft
pop and dripped more cum down the crack of her well-fucked
pooper.
   Nikki raised herself up on her elbows, twisted her torso so she
could look back at him and her elevated ass, and she ran the
fingers of her right hand through the mess he'd left.
   "That was nice, Dad....I was worried at first but it was as good
as when you fuck me regularly," Nikki admitted, her fingers
rimming her open anus lightly.
   "So I can count on getting some more of that?" Jonas said
slumping on his side.
   "Mmmhmmm. And not just from me.....Tori likes her ass fucked,
too."
   "Jesus, I'd almost forgotten about her. How are you going to tell
her about us?" Jonas was still worried about their secret
spreading.
   "I'll just tell her...I know it will excite her. She used to have this
big crush on you, Dad."
   "A crush is one thing...having sex is another. I don't want you
pressing her into something she doesn't want to do."
   "Dad, I bet she comes on to you," Nikki said as she carefully
got of the bed and scooted toward the bathroom, a hand held
between her ass cheeks.
   'Look at my baby holding my sperm in her butt,' Jonas thought
to himself. 'If Tori has improved her looks as much as she says,
I'm gonna be a very busy man soon.'


   Nikki and he showered together - a very enjoyable experience.
Rubbing her wet body revived him and he would have fucked her
again but she told him to save some for Tori.
   "You're going to tell her today?" Jonas said incredulously.
   "Sure...you've got plenty of pop in your pecker, obviously," she
said, rubbing her body against his crotch and then turning off the
water. "I'll call her right now."
   They dried off and she wrapped a towel around herself, going
into the bedroom to use the phone by the bed. Jonas dried himself
in the doorway and listened intently. He assumed his daughter
was going to invite her over and tell her in person. Boy, was he
surprised!
   "Tori, hi ! .....I'm out at the beach house with Dad. I have
something to tell you....ready? O.K., Dad and I have been having
sex for the last couple of days, he knows about us, and I want you
to come out and join us..O.K., see you later."
   Jonas was shocked that she had spelled everything out in about
5 seconds and Tori was on her way.
   "Nikki, what kind of a way is that to tell...Jesus!"
   "Dad, relax! I told Tori last night.....sorry," she said sweetly.
   Jonas realized he had been had. Even his daughter wasn't that
brazen to just tell Tori like that; she'd obviously told her last night,
going against his wishes. He felt himself wanting to get angry but
then he thought, 'What the hell for?' Tori had obviously taken the
news well and she was coming out to have sex with
him!....correction with he and Nikki.  Him and two post-teen girls
rolling around in his bed. He could have worse problems. Life was
a gamble so he'd just hope that Tori could keep it a secret.
   "You mad at me?" Nikki said, walking toward him from the bed.
   "No, everything's all right," he said. "Just make sure Tori doesn't
tell...and remember that I don't have to sleep with her if I don't want
to."
   "You'll want, you'll want!" Nikki promised, going past him into
the bathroom to comb out her hair.
   He rummaged in his dresser for another pair of shorts to wear,
chose a loose-fitting pair of linens and stepped into them. As he
was buttoning them up, Nikki came from the bathroom naked.
   "Let me have a shirt," she asked.
   He gave her one of his T-shirts from the drawer and watched her
put it on. The bottom of the shirt barely covered her tush but she
seemed to like it just fine.
   "Come on, I'll make you some lunch," she offered. "Tori won't be
here until about 2:30."

   Later, around 2:15, Nikki was feeling quite satisfied that things
were going to be just fine when her friend arrived. She'd been very
busy getting things ready.
   First, she fed Dad and got him out on the deck to soak up some
sun. She'd also hung her bikini on the railing outside to dry.
   Then, she'd stripped of the sheets from his bed; they had seen
two of their incest episodes and needed cleaning badly.  She
knew her parents had some special sheets, some nice white satin
ones. She pulled them out of the top of the bedroom closet and
put them on the bed. She couldn't wait to try them out with her
father and her bi-lover.
   'Wait until Dad lays eyes on Tori....I won't hear any of his
escape clauses then!'  She went back out on the deck, holding his
T-shirt down in the ocean winds.
   "She should be here any time now," she said sitting down in the
chair beside him.
   "It's going to feel weird," her father said. 
   "Nonsense, Daddy.....all you got to do is go along for the ride,"
Nikki assured him, rubbing his arm. "You can watch us if you
want. We like to have someone watch us...we'd do almost
anything you'd want to see. You don't even have to join us but I
know Tori would like you to....she had a crush on you in the past
and sleeping with you would sorta fulfill her fantasies."
   She saw him give her the hint of a smile.
   "Or we will both make you feel good at the same time." Her
father smiled big time at that. "Oh, I think you'd like that!....Would
you like us both to lick you?" She left the location a mystery but
he chuckled. 
   "How did you turn out so bad?" he asked complimentary.
   "Good genes," she said and gave him a quick kiss on the side
of his face.
   "So, we won't have to coax Tori into anything?....I assume she's
as bad as you are." His hand rubbed her thigh as she leaned her
head on his shoulder.
   "She might act a little shy, just because you're my father, but I'll
get her going....it would help if you would tell her she's sexy and
you want to fuck her, stuff like that." He chuckled again and shook
his head as if in bewilderment.
   'Oh, what a poor man! Has to fuck two young girls against his
will!' Nikki amusedly thought. He'd warmed up to fucking her, he'd
certainly be up to it with her friend.
   The sound of bells filtered out from the house.
   "That must be her!" Nikki went to the front door and looked
through the peephole since she was dressed rather skimpily.  She
opened the door when she saw it was Tori.
   Tori had come dressed as they had discussed the night before -
dressed to show off her attributes! Tori was wearing a white halter
top with her cleavage spilling out and a pink mini-skirt that showed
off the swell of her hips and a decent pair of legs.
   "Hi, Nik." Tori said, taking off her sunglasses.
   "Tori, you look great," Nikki said leaning on the door, waiting for
her to come in.
   "Can I come in?" Tori asked. She seemed a little nervous.
   "Well, you're not going to get fucked out there!" Nikki joked. Tori
made a face that said 'Boy, am I a jerk' and she walked in. Nikki
closed the door and turned to Tori, who motioned her close.
    "What did he say? Is he cool with me coming?" Tori whispered.
   "He's a little nervous but, when he sees you in that outfit, he'll
have you on his bed before the hour's out," Nikki promised in a
regular tone of voice. "We both will."
   "Where is he?" Tori said looking around the living room.
   "He's outside. Come on out." She took Tori's hand 
   Nikki led Tori into the living room as her father came in from the
deck. She saw him stop short when his eyes took in the
sumptuous Tori.  
   "Dad, I don't think you've seen Tori for a while." Nikki said in way
of introduction.
   "Hi, Mr. Elliot," Tori said.
   "Hi, Tori....you've certainly changed," he said slowly, "And might
I add, for the better. You look lovely." 
   'Thataway, Dad!' Nikki thought, giving Tori's hand a squeeze as
she saw Tori light up, her nervousness fading away.
   "Can I get you a drink?" her father asked, slipping into the host
mode.
   "Yeah, Dad," Nikki chimed in, "A beer sounds good."
   "Yeah, that would be fine," Tori added.
   Her father went into the kitchen and Nikki steered the now
excited Tori to the couch. She sat close to her girlfriend, putting
her arm around her.
   "Let's show him some leg, " Nikki whispered, pulling the edge of
her skirt way up. "Now, when he comes back, let's be doing a little
kissing....it'll turn him on."
   "O.K.!" Tori whispered back.



From chilipeelr@aol.com Fri Jul 04 16:49:09 1997
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Chili Repost: The Swing Man - Part 8 Ending (inc, group, voy)
From: chilipeelr@aol.com (ChiliPeelr)
Date: 4 Jul 1997 21:49:09 GMT

*********************************************************************
THE FOLLOWING STORY CONTAINS GRAPHIC LANGUAGE
AND DESCRIPTIONS OF SEXUAL ACTIVITIES.  THIS MATERIAL
IS DISTRIBUTED "FOR ADULTS ONLY" AND POSSESSION BY
A MINOR IS STRICTLY FORBIDDEN.  IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 
YEARS OF AGE - GO FIND SOMETHING ELSE TO READ.
********************************************************************

The Swing Man by Chili Peeler (chilipeelr@aol.com)

Part 8


   Nikki leaned into Tori and began kissing her lips softly, letting
her fingers begin to gently stroke the underside of her breasts. A
moment later, she saw movement in her periphery and knew her
father was standing in the doorway of the kitchen watching them.
Tori saw it too, a few seconds later when she briefly opened her
eyes.  She broke their kiss and the two of them looked at her
smiling father.

   'God, look at them kiss.'
   Jonas had come back with three bottles of Corona and there
they were - necking on the couch like sweethearts. It was one
thing for Nikki to tell him about her and Tori's lesbian tendencies
but it was something else to watch their lips nibbling at each
others.
   What was it going to be like when they were both naked,
nibbling other parts of each other and himself!
   And Tori had really improved on her looks - she was a curvy little
thing now. Gone was all that fat that she had hidden behind all the
years he'd known her. She wasn't knockdown gorgeous like Nikki
but she had something about her that said 'Climb on board'. 
Jonas certainly was - full steam ahead and damn the torpedoes!
   The two girls must have seen him standing there. They stopped
smooching and looked at him. Nikki's instructions rang in his ears.
'Tell her she's sexy and you want to fuck her, stuff like that.'
   "I'm sorry, you two, I was watching for a minute there," he said
smoothly as he went to them and handed them their beers. He sat
down in the chair next to the couch, continuing on his theme,
"Nikki, tells me she likes to be watched, though."
   Jonas watched Tori turn to look at his smiling daughter and then
she turned back to him, her top leg bobbing in front of her, her face
sort of twitching.       
   "What's wrong, Tori?" he asked.
   "I'm sorry, Mr. Elliot," she sort of gushed, "it's just so strange
sitting here with you two.....knowing why I came out here."
   "Tori, if you don't want to be here...." Jonas began to give her an
out.
   "I didn't say that," Tori quickly cut in, "I want to be here...I'll get
used to the idea....once things get going." Tori took a big draw of
Corona.
   "You'll love it, Tori," Nikki said, rubbing her friend's shoulder.
"Dad is great in the sack."
   "I still can't believe you two have....done it." Tori said
breathlessly.
   Jonas decided give it to her straight. He could almost see
Nikki's eyes telling him to strike.
   "Well, we have been....we've been fucking up a storm out here.
And Nikki wants you to join us....I do too." Jonas was pleased to
see Tori's face relax a little.
   "So, you want Tori, Dad?" Nikki asked with a wink. Tori kept her
eyes on his, waiting for his answer.
   "Definitely," he answered, eyeing her nice tits.
   "See, Tori," Nikki said standing up and walking past Tori's legs
toward him. "I told you he'd be hot for you."
   Nikki pulled her T-shirt over her head, spun naked in front of him
and then sat down on his lap, facing a very interested Tori. Jonas's
hands slid around to cup his daughter's lovely tits almost without
thinking.
   "I don't see any reason to waste any time," Nikki announced.
"Come on, Tori.....show Dad your body."
   Tori drank another long pull on the Corona and then stood up,
placing the bottle on the table in front of the couch. She was the
center of their attention.
   "Take off your skirt first," Nikki directed her, leaning her head
back on his left shoulder as she placed her hands over his.
   Tori reached behind her and he saw her pulling down a zipper on
the back of the short skirt. Then, she pushed the skirt off her hips
and it pooled around her sandals. Underneath she was wearing a
white thong which didn't leave much to the imagination.
   Tori looked like she was blushing; a perfectly normal reaction to
stripping in front of someone she'd had a crush on and his naked
daughter as well.
   "Now, turn around for us," Nikki continued.
   Tori spun slowly to give Jonas a nice view of her round buttocks.
Her ass was much fuller than Nikki's was and Jonas began to
hardened under his own daughter's squirming tush as he thought
about Nikki telling him Tori was into anal sex as well.
   Tori looked back at them over her shoulder. Jonas could see the
excitement on the young girl's face.
   "You've got a great ass," Jonas said.
   "Thanks, Mr. Elliot!" Tori gushed. Jonas began to slowly move
his left hand down Nikki's reclining body and Tori slow spun until
she was facing them again, her eyes on his hand the whole way.
   "Now, show him your tits," Nikki said hotly. He could see that
Tori was going sans bra today; her stiffening nipples were now
much more apparent. Tori hooked her fingers under the stretchy
material of her halter and quickly pulled the halter over her head.
Her great full hooters were pulled upward with the act and Jonas
could tell they were all natural by the way they sloshed back into
place.
   Jonas's hand rode into Nikki's dark muff and Nikki spread her
legs wider in anticipation of his fingers finding their mark. Tori
stood before them, pulling at her thimble-sized nipples, as his
fingers pulled Nikki's cunt folds open and he worked his middle
finger into the center of her exposed pink tissue.
   "Ahhhhh," Nikki sighed, raising her head from his shoulder to
look down her body and then up at her hovering friend.
   Jonas wasn't sure whether there was some silent
communication but Tori made an excited motion with her hands
and fell to her needs between both their legs, her hands falling on
Nikki's thighs. Jonas saw the top of Tori's head fall lower and Nikki
let out a strangled cry as he felt Tori's lips and tongue all over the
stroking fingers of his left hand.
   'It didn't take Tori long to heat up!' Jonas thought, wrapping his
left hand further around his daughter's deeply breathing torso and
pulling her a little to his right so he could look down her body.
   His dick threatened to catapult Nikki off his lap when he saw
Tori's mouth mashed on his daughter's open pussy cleft, her cute
nose pressed into Nikki's forest of pubes.
  "Oohhhhh...oohhhh......yessss!" Nikki groaned as the two of
them worked on her splayed erogenous zone.
   "Eat her, Tori!" Jonas urged their blonde partner. He saw her
eyes look up at him and she seemed to double her efforts. Jonas
could feel her slippery tongue whipping between his fingers, going
up and down Nikki's cunt lining. He moved his fingers higher and
worked on Nikki's little clit, sending her into a higher octave.
   "OOOOHHH....OMIGOD.....MMMMMMMM!" she vocalized her
unrestrained joy at the way her fantasy was coming true.
   Jonas watched Tori lift her wet lips from Nikki's pussy, move her
small hands to open his daughter's furry sex crease and then dive
back in with her tongue.
   "OH YEAH....stick that tongue in me!..aaaaaAAAAAHH!" Nikki
arched her back and Jonas held her excited body in place, his
right forearm squishing her young tits while his left hand flattened
itself on her lower belly. Nikki's hands reached down to hold Tori's
head as she thrust her lap in her friend's face.
   Jonas just sat there, holding his daughter in his lap as Tori
tongued her pussy and her soft ass ground down on his painfully
hard erection through his shorts. Nikki could only hold out another
minute and a half before she was swept away in a delicious
orgasm.
   "AAAAAAAHH...MMMMHHHHMMM....AAAAGAGGGHH!"
Nikki's shrieked as she flooded Tori's tongue with spoonfuls of
cunt oil, her head tossing back and forth on his shoulder. Jonas
could her Tori sucking and humming down below.
   Jonas watched Tori finish off his daughter's climax, her mouth
munching on Nikki's shuddering twat as she looked up at him.
Tori's eyes were wild looking, like she was hyped up on some drug
or something.   
   'Oh, I'm going to enjoy Tori...and my daughter....the rest of the
afternoon!' Jonas swore to himself. He'd wanted to swing but he
never thought it would be with his daughter and her friend.
  

   It was a beautiful day in Malibu - temperatures up in the high
70's, lots of sunshine. A great day to be outdoors. But no one was
outdoors at the Elliot beach house. Not after the way things had
kicked off when Tori had arrived. 
   The bedside clock clicked to 3:01, registering in Nikki's
subconscious mind through her periphery vision but she paid it no
notice as she continued going down on Tori's familiar pussy, her
tongue repaying her appreciative friend as she lay sprawled on the
king-size bed.
   "Aaahhahaaahhh, Mr. Elliot!" Tori sighed and Nikki looked up
Tori's tummy to see her father squeezing one of Tori's round tits
strongly, his fingers digging into her pap-flesh. Her father was
laying by Tori on her right side, watching her munch away and
using his hands on Tori's top charms.
   Her father leaned over and began kissing Tori again and Nikki
concentrated on getting Tori good and ready for him. Her friend's
box was tasting very ready at that point, all slippery and oily.
   Nikki was going to have a front row seat at Tori's first time with
her father, something that Tori had admitted to wanting back when
she didn't know actually what it meant to have sex.
   Nikki worked her tongue into Tori's cunt-mouth, her nose rubbing
into Tori's clit-hood.
   "Oooooooommmmmmm," Tori trilled again, her mouth not
occupied with her father's lips. Nikki opened her eyes to see him
move his face down and start sucking on Tori's nipples, switching
back and forth, back and forth. Tori began slowly writhing under
their oral ministrations, her right hand stroking her father's neck as
she spread her legs wider for Nikki's mouth. 
   "God, you guys!" Tori gasp as Nikki pulled her tongue from her
pink split and replaced it with two of her slender fingers, working
them into her friend to the second knuckles.
   Her father lifted his face from Tori's chest and the two naughty
family members shared a smile. Nikki motioned with her other
hand for him to sample her friend's womanhood.
   "Come on, Dad....69 with her," Nikki suggested. "Let her suck
you while you taste this cute thing!"
   "O.K. with you?" he said, turning his head to Tori.
   "Mmmmmm, yeah! Let's do it!" Tori readily agreed to Nikki's
orchestration of their first three way. Tori had a little submissive
streak in her and Nikki liked to boss her around once in a while.
She could tell Tori to stand on her head and suck her Dad's toes
and Tori might try it just to please her. Not that Tori didn't want to
suck her father's cock - Nikki knew she would with a passion.
   Nikki withdrew her fingers from Tori's slick pussy and pulled her
friend's butt lower on the bed as her father raised himself up on his
knees beside her. When Tori's head slid off the pillow it had been
laying on, her father swung his leg over Tori's head. His thick
semi-hard manhood drooped down on Tori's chin as he went to his
hands, bringing his face down over Tori's cunt-pad.
   Nikki looked up between their bodies and saw Tori fist her
father's hovering hunk of meat, directing it through her full lips.
   "Uuuuuhh," her father grunted, looking back under himself to
watch Tori begin blowing him. Tori began bobbing her face up at
her father's hefty phallus, her hand stroking him also. Nikki could
see his cock begin to swell to full hardness, the diameter of his
manhood quickly eclipsing that of Tori's chin.
   'God, Daddy's a natural!' Nikki thought, watching him begin to
slowly fuck through Tori's hand, into her straining mouth. 
   The sight of fellatio excited Nikki almost as much as giving it.
Her cunt lips began to tingle as she watched Tori give her father
such pleasure. She had to get involved in the action!
   "Dad?" Nikki said and her father looked at her, his face hanging
between Tori's raised knees. Nikki moved up and kissed him, the
two of them swapping tongues as they stood on their hands and
knees facing each other.
   Nikki could feel him humming around her tongue as she
Frenched him and Tori gulped on his stiff cock. Nikki loved to kiss
her father so deeply; his mustache only reminded her that he was
a real man, one that had aged well, one that knew how to satisfy
horny young girls like she and Tori.
   Nikki broke their kiss finally. She used her hands on his
shoulders to raise her torso up and scooted closer to him, offering
her tits to his mouth.
   "Suck my tits, Dad," she said hotly as she shoved her left nipple
against his mustache. He slurped her small nipple and a good
deal of her whole tit into his mouth. Nikki oohed in delight and
wrapped her right hand around the back of his head. She could
feel his tongue and lips doing such wonderful things to her lust-stiff
pap peak.
   She looked up from watching his mouth work and saw his hips
gently rising and falling, Tori's left hand holding his lower back. He
was still lightly fucking down into her friend's hand and mouth. 
   "Yeah, fuck her mouth....let me see you really fuck it!" Nikki
ordered her father, reveling in the way Tori and she were almost
using her father like those others before him.
   His hips began dipping a little lower and moving a little faster but
not enough to satisfy Nikki.
   "Harder, Dad! Do it harder....fuck her mouth like you're going to
fuck her pussy!" Nikki saw him really begin to crank his hips and
heard a muffled moan from Tori.
   'Oh, I want to see this!'  Nikki let her body drop to the right, her
young succulent tit coming out of her father's mouth as she lay on
her side. Her left hand went to the juicy junction in her own legs as
she beheld the hot sight of her father's fat prick flashing in Tori's
bulging lips.
   "Aaaagggghhh!" her father groaned as he pumped away through
Tori's fist, deep into her friend's oral cavity.
   Nikki fingered her horny slit as she drank in every detail. Tori's
eyes were closed, her chin tilted slightly back due to her father's
longer frame, her thumb was riding along the top side of her
father's shaft as she had bent her left arm at the elbow and turned
her hand like she was drinking from a soda can. Her father's cock
wasn't as big as a soda can but it was close enough.
   Suddenly, her father jerked himself out of Tori's mouth and tight
grip. He got off the bed, breathing heavily, looking down at the two
of them.
   "I felt myself beginning to go," he panted sheepishly. "I need to
cool down for a minute." His prick bobbed up and down in front of
them.
   Nikki scooted her body next to Tori, who sat up and wiped off a
stream of spit that had run out of the side of her lips during her
mouthfuck.
   "Enjoying it so far?" Nikki said, rubbing Tori's plump mammaries
with her left hand. Tori gave a short laugh, not having to express
herself beyond that. Nikki began Frenching her, keeping up the
erotic-charged atmosphere until her father was ready to join them
again.

**********************************************************
Meanwhile, out on PCH......
   Lance Elliot was still fuming as he saw the beach house come
into view. He was really going to tell his brother off when he got
there.
   'The nerve of Jonas!' Lance thought. 'Fucking Carmen behind my
back after I let him join us!'
   Lance had come back from Vegas and Carmen had been in a
wild mood, packing her bags. She'd told him how his brother had
invited her to the beach house, how he'd told her he'd wanted her
to move in with him, how he'd fucked her, and then told her to get
the hell out, calling her a whore. Carmen said she wouldn't hang
around with him anymore with a brother like Jonas.
   Lance slowed slightly and turned off PCH, getting a honk from
an on-coming car that had had to slow. He slid his Jeep in the
gravel and parked it by Jonas's Lexus in a cloud of dust.
   'He's here at least,' Lance thought, getting out and walking to
the wall gate in a huff.
   The wall gate was locked. The wall gate was never locked. He
shook it hard but it would not budge. Getting madder because his
element of surprise was going to be diminished, he pushed the
ringer by the gate. 
   Although he couldn't know it, the wiring between the wall ringer
and the inside had come undone during the last quake. No
doorbell rang inside the house.
   He stood there a few seconds, then pushed it again. He heard
nothing from the house that sounded like a bell ringing.
   "Maybe the fucker's broken," he muttered, thinking about
scaling the wall. The top was covered in bushy vines.
   Then he remembered he could walk down to the beach access
point and just go up to the back of the house. Hell, Jonas could be
down on the beach this time of day and not be hearing the bell if it
was ringing.
   He started walking toward the beach access point which was
about a block down.
  
**********************************************************

   "OH, SHIT that feeels goooood!" Tori gasp up at him as he
shoved another inch up her heavenly pussy. His daughter was
right there, laying beside them, watching him take her friend.
   No, she was helping him in fact. Nikki's left hand was hooked
behind Tori's left knee, holding her leg back and open while his left
hand held Tori's right leg back also. With her legs up and back,
Tori's blonde fringed cunt-pad had been wide open when he
mounted her. He leaned further over her jackknifed form, letting his
weight do the work. Another two inches disappeared into the
buttery clutch of Tori's sex.
   "OOOOOHJEESSSUUSSS!" Tori cried and he felt her pussy
clamp down around his deeply buried manhood. Tori arched her
back and tossed her head as she came. Just putting it in her,
she'd gotten off.
   "Yeah, oh, yeah!" Nikki cooed and began kissing the side of
Tori's face. Jonas knew she had seen Tori get off many times
before, so there was no need to announce the obvious. He held
himself steady and let young pussy tug and nip at his length as
Tori worked herself down from ecstasy.
   Jonas was happy that she had gotten off. That took a lot of
pressure off him - now he could just flay away between her thighs
and if he came, it would be no sweat. Just mark it up to the
situation.
   Tori opened her eyes and looked up at him.
   "God, I couldn't help myself....." she said almost apologetically.
   "Baby, that's why we're here," Jonas said sweetly, his daughter
looking up at him also.
   "He's gonna get you off again," Nikki promised, pinching one of
Tori's substantial nipples.
   "Well, I'll do the best I can," Jonas hedged.
   "Don't worry, Mr. Elliot, I'm bound to come again when you start
fucking me with that thing." Jonas felt Tori work her vaginal walls
around the head of his submerged erection.
   "Fuck her, Dad," Nikki said shamelessly. "She's all yours."
   "You heard her, Mr. Elliot," Tori said as she lifted her arms up to
him and wiggled her crotch around his impaler, "Fuck me like you
fuck your bad daughter!"
   Jonas fell on the girl, bending her legs back further, eager to
grant her wish. He began to fuck her upthrust cunt with hard
thrusts. Tori squealed as he skewered her right down to her cervix
with his wide manhood, her arms looping around his neck, her
mouth falling open. Her tight cunt was paradise, just like Nikki's.
   'God, I love fucking these horny girls!' Jonas exalted mentally,
plowing Tori's lap with long strokes.      
  

   Lance finally reached the stairs to the back deck of the beach
house and started up. The walk through the sand in his biker
boots had been a real haul. He certainly had not dressed for a
walk on the beach in his jeans and boots. 
   He reached the upper deck and saw the door leading into the
living room was open. He walked past the Jacuzzi before the
curtained glass wall of the master bedroom, not hearing the
sounds that were coming from it over the surf.
   He took off his sunglasses and went into the house, finding no
one in the kitchen or living room area. Then he heard sounds
coming from the hallway. He hung his sunglasses in the front of
his tanktop as he walked into the foyer, still wanting to see the
look on his brother's face when he appeared before him and began
chewing him out.
   "AHHHHH....MMMMMHHMMM....AAAH!"
   Lance stood stock-still when he heard those sounds coming
down the hall at him.
   'Christ!  Jonas is screwing someone else....what kind of a
monster have I created?!' Lance thought, his anger changing to
curiosity. 
   "AAAHFUCKMEHARDER!"
   'Man, he's got a screamer back there!' Lance smiled, listening
further. It sure wasn't Stella, that he could tell from the voice. The
woman getting fucker sounded...younger??
   "MR.ELLIOT!....OHGODDDD!"
   'Mr. Elliot?' Lance thought, 'Who the hell is he screwing? A
secretary? A neighbor girl?'  Lance had to get a peek.
   Lance slid along the hall wall until he was near the doorway to
the bedroom. He leaned his head out to look crossways through
the door and froze, in surprise and fright.
   Fright because their was another girl in bed with Jonas and the
girl getting fucked; this second girl was laying on her side on the
far side of the rutting couple, her face looking right in the direction
of the door. All the second girl had to do would be to raise her
eyes from the face of the girl getting fucked and she'd be looking
right at him.
   Surprise because it was his niece, Nikki!  She was watching her
father fuck someone! And she was naked as well!
   'Don't move...if you don't move, you should be O.K.,' Lance told
himself. He knew movement attracted the eye and Nikki would
have to actually focus on the hallway if she were going to see him.
And she looked too wrapped up in the action to do that.
   'Damn, Jonas has dipped into the family to get his kinks!...little
Nikki, who would have thought?.....Jonas must be poking her as
well!....this is swinging to the Nth degree!'
   Lance could only see the top of the girl getting fucked, a short-
haired blonde with a decent pair of tits, most of her legs pushed
back at her head, Nikki's face, and Jonas's arms and chest. A
lamp blocked the view of Jonas's face
   "OH....OOOHHH.....I'MCUMMMMING!" the blonde shrieked
loudly. She began writhing and moaning, her thighs visibly
trembling as they were pushed back even further.
   "Fuck her right through it!" his niece said hotly, looking up at her
father. "Fuck her little cunt!...oh, that's it Daddy!"
   'God damn, listen to Nikki!' Lance thought, his cock beginning to
swell in his jeans. He was thinking about his pampered niece in a
carnal fashion now - hell, if Jonas could do her, so could he! 
Carmen was forgotten.
   "UUUGGH...I'm close!" Lance heard his brother grunt. 
   "Come on her tits...I want to see you shoot on her tits!" Nikki
said excitedly. "Tori, hold them for him!"
   Lance saw Jonas dropping Tori's legs to the side and the
twitching girl dropped her hands from Jonas's forearms to push her
juggs together. Jonas's knees quickly straddled Tori's torso, a
hand full of crimson cock dipped over the heaving bosom and
SPLAT - a long spurt of cum flew out of the cock, hitting way up
on Tori's open mouth, the tail falling on her chin.
   "UUGGGHHHH!" Jonas groaned.
   "OH YEAH!" Nikki cried.
   Lance saw the cock-hungry expression on Nikki's face as she
watched her father whack off a series of small spurts on Tori's
round tits. His brother coated both fat nipples of the blonde girl
with numerous shots of seed and even poured some down her
cleavage. Lance had to give it to his brother - a girl knew he'd been
there when he was done.
   Finally, the deed was done. The last straw was watching Nikki
suck her father's cock into her mouth.
   Lance stood up and walked into the bedroom.

**********************************************************

   Nikki was lovingly cleaning her father's prick with her mouth with
her eyes closed, hoping that he might keep his starch. After
watching Tori get it, her own pussy was ready for some more
taboo fucking.
   Suddenly her father was leaping off the bed, his cockhead
scraping through her teeth.
   "LANCE, wha..." her father started.
   Nikki opened her eyes to see her uncle standing there!
   Tori raised up in front of her, took one look at the longish-haired
stranger, screamed and ran toward the bathroom.
   "CALM DOWN EVERYONE!" Lance shouted, a smile splitting
his face.
   "Are you by yourself?" Nikki heard her father ask, very
concerned.
   "Yes..you old devil!" Lance clapped a hand on her father's
shoulder. Nikki saw her father noticeably relax. "Hope I didn't take
too many years off your life there.....not when you got this going
on."
   Her uncle's eyes came to her. Nikki was over the shock of the
intrusion and saw her opportunity to complete her family affair.
She'd always intended to try Uncle Lance too - and now here he
was, ogling all her charms openly in front of her father.
   She got on her knees and walked on them toward the side of the
bed where her uncle and father stood, giving her uncle a good look
at her slinky form. She got off the bed, gave her uncle a wink and
headed to the bathroom to calm Tori down. Behind her, she heard
the two brothers talking in low tones and felt the eyes of her uncle
caressing her wiggling rear.
   She found Tori clutching a towel around herself in the bathroom.
   "Nikki, who is that?!" she whispered in a panic.
   "That's Uncle Lance!" Nikki said, standing in the doorway so she
was still visible to her uncle. "From the desert."
   She saw understanding come into Tori's eyes.
   "God, you're kidding," Tori exhaled. "I thought he was some
Manson biker dude." Tori sat down on the toilet, calming down.
   "I'm going to leave you with Dad for a while," Nikki said, looking
at the two gentlemen. "Now that Uncle Lance knows, he's gonna
want to join in ... I think Dad will understand if I take Lance down
the hall. Promise that you'll keep Dad happy while I'm gone."
   "Take your time, Nikki. Your Dad is great."
   She gave Tori a wink and walked back toward her father and
uncle, naked and proud. Her father turned when he sensed she
was behind him and she pushed her body into him, looking at
Lance.
   "You have a chance to explain things, Dad?" she asked
sweetly.
   "Well, not all the details but Lance is pretty much filled in."
   "Good...he's like us, Dad."
   "You got that right, Kiddo!" Lance said, a big bulge in his jeans.
He used to call her Kiddo when she was young and him using it
now excited Nikki more.
   Then her father did something unexpected - he pushed her
toward her uncle. She looked up at his face and read it all in a
second. He was cool with Lance joining in.
   Nikki stopped and leaned up to kiss her father, whispering in his
ear, "I'll always love you the best."
   Then she turned, took Lance by the hand and led him toward the
guest bedroom.  
   
**********************************************************
   
   Jonas stood there a moment and then walked to the bathroom.
   "Hi, Mr. Elliot....everything O.K.?" Tori asked, a towel wrapped
around her body as he turned from looking at herself in the mirror.
   "Yeah....everything's fine." He smiled at the young girl, relaxing
her.
   In his mind, everything was fine. Yeah, he was getting divorced.
Yeah, it would cost him a lot of money. Yeah, he'd have to share
Nikki with Lance from now on.    
   But there was a lot of exciting days and nights with Nikki and
Tori ahead....and with other women once he started to swing in
earnest.
   "Tori...how would you like to take a shower with me?"
   Her smile was genuine.


The End....................for now.

Chili Peeler (chilipeelr@aol.com) - July 1996













--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....