Archive-name: 3plus/switch.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Switch, The


Jenny and I had been dating for about three years.  It was serious,
but never in a way that we figured would ever lead to marriage.  We
were both just too independent for that.  What held us together was
the sex, in a lot of ways.  And the sex was in a lot of ways.  She
was more experienced than I was when we met, when she was on the
rebound from dating Mark, a friend I knew casually.  After three
years, though, we were pretty much at the same level...and the same
level was becoming too routine.

Jenny was always open to suggestions and ideas for new ways to play.
Once, I'd suggested a threesome, her and another woman and me.  She
went for it without need of much encouragement.  She brought home a
woman-friend from work one evening, Lisa.  Lisa wasn't as attractive
as Jenny, but still pretty good looking, in a quiet way.  They went
out that night together, and by the time they got back they were
both pretty tipsy.  It didn't take much work to get Lisa into bed
with the two of us.

I started first with Jenny, playing with her and watching Lisa as she
got hotter and hotter watching us.  It was only a few minutes before
I was able to slip into Jenny's cunt as Lisa finally straddled her
face, grinding against Jenny's tongue.  Just when I thought I would
come, I slipped out of Jenny and now entered Lisa, who went to work
on licking Jenny.  The sight of the two was too much, and I quickly
exploded.

The best part, though, was watching Jenny and Lisa afterward, first
sixty-nining each other, then working at each other with fingers,
grinding against each other.  Then Jenny pulled out her surprise.
She pulled a strap-on dildo from her dresser drawer.  It was about
ten inches long, thick, and though it was clearly hard, it had a lot
of give, like a real cock.  She buckled one strap around her hips,
and laced another through her legs, so it was on tight, the butt of
the dildo positioned to grind against her pussy.

Once it was securely in place, she lay on top of Lisa, who spread
her legs and wrapped them around Jenny's waist.  It took Jenny a
moment to position herself, but then found the entrance to Lisa's
pussy, and slid it slowly in to the hilt.  By now, Lisa's eyes were
glazed, her head thrown back as Jenny began to slide the dildo in
and out of her pussy.  Soon Jenny was bucking and thrusting like a
man might, LIsa rising to meet her every thrust.  She grabbed Lisa's
hands and pinned them to the bed, arching her back and flicking her
hips with every thrust.

By this time I was hard again (and then some), and Jenny saw the
look in my eye.  Without a word, she rolled over so that Lisa was
now on top, straddling the dildo.  I moved around back and
lubricated my already-wet cock with the juices from their cunts.
Positioning myself behind Lisa, I slid easily into her ass.  In
a moment, we were both in place, Jenny and her dildo in Lisa's
pussy, me in Lisa's ass.  We quickly found a rhythm.  Every time
Lisa bucked back off the dildo, she'd push me deeper into her,
and vice-versa.  Best of all, I could feel the dildo sliding in
and out through the thin tissue between us, and the thought of it
excited me even more.  I thought about what it must be like for
Lisa, how this double-filling must feel like, and with that thought
I exploded inside her, just as both of them came as well.

The memory of that evening stayed with me for a long time, especially
the part about feeling the dildo inside Lisa, and watching Lisa being
fucked by Jenny.  I began to wonder more and more what it must feel
like to be fucked.  The more I wondered about it, the more obsessed
I became with the idea.  Finally, one night, after a long night of
love-making, I told Jenny about my thoughts.

She said that she had a solution, and pulled out the strap-on dildo
again.  She put it in my hands, let me feel it, and said that since
it was late, and we were too tired to enjoy it this time, she'd do
it next time...and it would be something special in every sense.

I spent the next week thinking about it and anticipating it.  When
the night finally came, I showed up at her house hot and ready to
go.  Our foreplay was even more frantic than usual, and I could see
that she was as turned on by what was to come as I was.  

Finally, she said that if she was going to do the fucking, she was
going to call the shots, and do it her way.  Knowing the many
things she was into, I was more than willing to accommodate.  The
main thing was a blindfold; she wanted me to be able to imagine
being truly fucked.  I accepted it without question and put it on.

I could feel her long, manicured fingernails probing at and into
my ass, slender and delicate.  She had me get up on all fours to
give her better access.  First one, then two, then three fingers.
She leaned over me, and I could feel her breasts on my back as she
continued her probing.  After a moment, when I was nice and relaxed
back there, she told me she was going to put on the dildo.  I waited
in breathless anticipation, unable to see what she was doing, but
remembering every detail from when she'd worn it last.

At last, she said she was ready, and told me to grab the headboard
with both my hands, to steady myself.  I did.  After a moment, I
felt a rubbery hardness poking at my ass.  It felt big, impossibly
big.  But I was determined to take it all.  I moved my legs further
apart to accommodate it.  Inch by inch, it slid in, the sensation
incredible, stretching and a little painful at first, but that part
quickly passed.

Finally, I could feel all of it inside me.  All of my sensations
were focused entirely on my filled ass.  I didn't move for a long
moment, letting myself get used to the feelings.  Then, slowly, I
began to move back and forth, and it began to slide in and out of
me, slowly at first, then faster.  I began bucking harder now,
driving back to meet each thrust.

It was after only a few minutes of this that I noticed something
was wrong.  The dildo seemed actually bigger than it had moments
before.  It seemed to flex more than I'd remembered.  And I could
feel hairs that shouldn't be there brushing against my ass and
legs.  

I whipped off the blindfold and turned to see not Jenny, but Mark
(my casual friend, and her old lover) behind me.  Jenny stood
behind him, watching.  She smiled as she saw that I knew.  "Surprise,"
she said.  "After all, what's good for the goose..."  Even from
here I could see the base of the rubber on his cock, which had
added to the illusion.

Mark slowed his thrusting, met my eyes.  "If you want me to stop,
I will," he said.  I hesitated only a moment before shaking my
head, no.  He smiled and started thrusting into me again, harder
now, no longer making any pretense at gentleness.  I gasped and
fell forward onto the pillow as he slammed into my ass, again
and again, grabbing my hips and pulling me back onto him.

After a moment, Jenny slid beneath me on the bed, and raised her
legs to give me access to her ass.  I slid in on the first try,
and now it truly was just like Lisa, right there in the middle of
the sandwich, him thrusting into me from behind, her taking me in
her own ass at the same time.

He continued to get bigger in me, until suddenly he tensed and I
could feel the heat of his cum filling the condom inside my ass.
Instantly, I came as well, filling Jenny, who held me tight to
her as an orgasm rippled through her body as well.  It went on
for what seemed an eternity until we all finally collapsed onto
one another, sweating and gasping.

Over the course of the long night, we reversed many times, once
with Mark sandwiched between me and Jenny, and then with Jenny
between the two of us.  But nothing ever quite equaled that 
first time, and the best surprise I'd ever received.

***************************************

THE SWITCH - #2


I was born lucky, I guess.  I was always slender, and graceful,
and had smooth features and soft eyes.  Back in high school it
was called effeminate, though I never tried for that effect, not
back then, anyway.  It was just a natural look for me.  Which came
in very handy when I found that I enjoyed dressing female.  

It started when I was in high school, and we were involved in
putting on a sketch for the other classes.  Knowing that it was
common for guys to dress up as girls for such things (the
football team was always doing it, though they exaggerated
enormously of course), I decided to do the same thing.  I was
given free run of the costume room to find whatever worked.  And
work it did.  The first time I ever turned in a mirror and found
myself fully in women's clothes, I barely had to touch myself to
come.  I took the costume home with me and practiced all the next
day, pretending to be sick so I could be home alone while my
parents were at work.

By the time I was into college, I had developed quite a wardrobe,
which was my secret from the world.  I practiced and got better,
and learned, and between my efforts and the fact that I had always
looked androgynous to begin with, in an attractive way, I could
pass without much problem.  The first few times I did it I was
scared silly, sure that the minute I walked onto the street, someone
would know it was a guy under all that makeup.  But the wolf-
whistles and the smiles told me otherwise, and soon enough I was
making the rounds, shopping and going for drinks and fending off
the guys.

But not for long.  I found that I enjoyed feeling female as well
as dressing that way (though I had no desire to actually be female),
and soon began to play, and let myself be played with.  I'd found
some wonderful breast-forms that felt just like the real thing
through a good dress, and would tape myself down beneath my panties
and put on lots of sanitary pads on top.  If anyone asked, it was
my period.  You couldn't feel any of me under all the pads, just
the smoothness.

Sometimes I would look at myself in the mirror, and slide a dildo
in and out of my ass, under my dress, until I came.  Finally,
after gearing myself up for a long time, I felt I was ready.  I
got my best makeup on, a wig that wouldn't come off in a tornado,
my best dress and forms, and went out to a bar.

I was a little scared, to be sure, which is why I had to pick
carefully.  He had to be the right combination of just a little bit
drunk, but not too drunk; solid, but not too big to fight off if I
had to.  In the darkness of the club, several guys hit on me, but
finally I was approached by the right one.  He looked in his
forties, about ten years older than me.  He was in a business
suit, and wore glasses, and he just looked right.

I let him buy me a drink, and flirted (speaking softly), and let
him flirt back, letting him think I was drunker than I was, when
I'd carefully paced myself so I was very much sober.  When he slid
his hand beneath the table and along my stockinged leg, I didn't 
stop him, and began doing the same for him.  Without hesitation,
knowing he couldn't feel anything through the pads and the panties
and the pantyhose, I let my legs slip open so that he could run
his hands in there, too.  I rubbed my hand against his crotch.  It
was hard, and I could feel a moistness inside.  He was breathing
hard, pushing up against me in the booth.

When I suggested we go somewhere else, he didn't hesitate to
agree.  We went out the bar through a back entrance, and across
the parking lot.  I knew that the building next door was deserted,
waiting to be torn down, and steered us toward it.  Once we were
inside, I stood against a wall as he pressed against me, hands
roaming all over me, his crotch rubbing against my dress.

Taking my cue, I knelt down and unzipped his pants.  His cock
came out straight and hard, and with only a moment's hesitation
I slipped it into my mouth.  He immediately began thrusting in 
and out of my mouth, my head bumping slightly against the wall
with each thrust until I decided to just let my head stay back
and let him fuck my mouth.  I gripped the base of it between my
fingers to guide it in and out, the wet noise and his heavy
breathing the only sound.

"I want to fuck you," he said, slowing just a little.  I told
him it was my period, and I didn't want to soil my dress, or
take my clothes off, not here.  He looked disappointed, and
started to pump my mouth again, moving faster, as though having
decided that he would just come there.  Instead, though, I
stood, and turned with my back to him.  I reached behind and
lifted the back of my skirt until it rode up above my hips,
then inched down the back of my panties and panthose until my
soft ass was exposed.  I reached out to brace myself against
the wall.  

He moved fast, though still a little unsteady from the drinks
and the passion, and quickly started poking against my ass, his
cock wet from lubrication and my saliva.  In a moment he was
in.  I gasped; he wasn't even trying to be gentle.  He shoved
it in hard, all the way in with one stroke.  I moaned and
grabbed the wall as he began to move, sliding in and out of my
ass in ever-faster thrusts.  

He shoved forward, pressing me against the brick wall, the
base of his cock riding along the top of my pantyhose with
each stroke.  I moaned sharply with each thrust.  He grabbed
the tops of my shoulders to force himself deeper, moving from
side to side.  Then, suddenly, he tensed and plunged forward,
cumming into my ass.  I could feel the heat of it inside me
as he fucked frantically, then slowed.  My ass was burning,
but I didn't mind.  After a moment, he pulled slowly out.  I
could feel my ass contract as soon as it popped out.  I reached
behind and pulled up the pantyhose, lowering the skirt.  His
cheeks were flushed, as were my own.

We stepped out of the building and headed to our separate
cars, though he invited me to his place.  I haven't gone back
there again, but there have been other places, and other
nights....

***************************************

THE SWITCH - #3

My brother had always seemed so much straighter than me.  He
had gone out for football, and every other sport he could find,
while I was more into my books and my hobbies.  He was ruggedly
good looking, and the few times I'd seen it, he had a good body.

I discovered fairly early on that my own interests ran to both
sexes, but never told my brother.  I simply couldn't deal with
what I knew his reaction would be.  We lived in the same city, 
L.A., and after we got out of college, didn't see each other as
often as we might, maybe once a month or so.  

One night, I was dropping a friend off at the Club, a private
local club with a slight S&M flavor, though nothing too intense.
Sort of S&M for people who aren't terribly into S&M, and mainly
want to play at it.  I hadn't been in the place myself, but from
what I heard most "guests" usually tended to find it reasonably
pleasant enough.  But you can imagine my surprise when I saw
who was coming out of the back door of the Club: none other than
my brother.

I was astonished.  In all the time I'd known him, there had never
been so much as a hint that he swung both ways.  But now that I
knew, some wonderful possibilities began to occur to me....

I went back the next week, same day, only much earlier this time.
I wanted to know if this was a regular thing with him.  I parked
across the street in an empty lot, and watched and waited.  Sure
enough, around ten o'clock, he drove up and went inside.  He came
out again about 11:30, looking like a man who had just had a good
time.

That was when I began the plan in earnest.  I asked a few people
I knew who used the place regularly what went on, and what to
expect.  They filled me in.  I confided my plan to one of them,
and he gave me the perfect gift: a latex mask that completely hid
my features.  Zippers for the mouth and eyes, slits for the nose,
and once I had it on, there was no way to tell who it was unless
you'd seen me naked recently...which my brother hadn't, not since
we were kids.

The next week, I went to the Club and gained entrance, using the 
pass of a friend.  Went in and stripped, putting on the mask.  I
roved the club, looking in at the various rooms.  The orgy rooms
were quite a sight.  A little after ten o'clock, I looked up, and
sure enough, there was my brother, naked except for a leather
jock, looking at all the action.  He saw someone he recognized,
and waved.  The two spoke for a minute, and I was trying to think
of a way to get into the scene.  I was walking by them when I
heard the friend say, "Well, we've got two, we need one more --
how about you?"

I turned, startled to see that he was speaking to me.  I nodded.
In a minute, I was down on my knees, and the friend had his stiff
rod out and was sliding it in and out of my mouth.  Out of the
corner of my eye, I could see my brother sliding his hand up and
down his own dick as he watched.  I kept hoping that he wouldn't
go elsewhere.

"In here," the friend said, and we went into an empty room.  I
turned back to face them.  "Try a little of this," my brother
said.  He held his dick out in front of my face.

I hesitated only a moment before engulfing it with one swallow.
He shoved it all the way back into my throat, holding my head 
between his hands to drive it in harder and faster.  He was so
big, and straight, and I thought I would die with the thought of
my brother's dick in my mouth after so long.

He slid in and out of my mouth, one hand on his hip now, the
other holding my head in place through the latex mask, each
flick of his hips sending his cock over my teeth and down my
throat.  I sucked at him hungrily, taking it all in.

Finally, the friend pulled me away and prompted me up onto a
bench on all fours.  He stood in front of me and shoved his
cock into my mouth as my brother moved in between my legs.  He
kicked my legs wider apart and, without preamble, shoved his
hard cock into my ass.  It seemed so much bigger once it was
inside me, and I had to shift a little to get comfortable. 
After a moment, we found a rhythm, and soon they were both
pumping into me.

As I sucked his friend, my brother shoved harder into my ass,
slapping my ass each time he pulled back.  The sensation, the
knowledge that my own brother was fucking me without knowing
it was me, was almost too much to bear.  I came without even
being touched, though neither of them noticed, too lost in
their own sensations.  

I tightened my ass to meet each stroke, making it tighter for
him as he fucked my soft ass.  It seemed to get bigger with
each thrust until suddenly he shoved against me and cried out,
and he came.  At the same moment, his friend grabbed my head
and shoved deeper in to my mouth, flooding it with cum.  I
took it all in from both of them.  

After they withdrew, and pulled away, I slipped away and made
it out of the club without being seen.  To this day, he
doesn't know.  And sooner or later, I'll go back there --
and this time, maybe I'll take off my mask halfway through.

***************************************

THE SWITCH - #4

I'd only moved into town a few weeks before, and so far hadn't
met many people in Los Angeles.  The first person I noticed right
off was the woman who lived upstairs and across two apartments
from my own place.  She had long brown hair, and a slender build,
and she was attractive in a way I couldn't quite pin down.

I would watch her come and go on nights when I was stuck in my
apartment.  She had friends, and lots of them, and sometimes
they would come over, or she would go out with them, sometimes
all night.  

One Saturday night, it must've been about midnight when I heard
a knock at my door.  I opened the door, wearing only a pair of
running shorts, and it was her.  She explained that she'd locked
herself out, and needed to call the manager, who didn't live at
the complex, to come let her in.  "Can I use your phone?" she
asked.

I of course said yes, and let her inside.  She was wearing a long
black skirt, practically to her ankles, soft and of some material
like crushed velvet, only lighter.  It outlined her features
perfectly.  I could tell when she passed that she'd been out
drinking.  She was tipsy as she went across the room.

As she bent over the phone to dial, I felt myself getting hard,
though I tried to suppress it.  Figuring that she would take a
minute or two on the phone, I gently rubbed at it through the
fabric of my running shorts as I stood behind her.

To my chagrin, though, she hung up without talking to anyone at
the other end.  "I guess no one's home," she said.  "I'll have
to try later."  Her gaze fell on the bulge in my running shorts,
and she smiled, a little drunkenly, I thought.

"My," she said, "is that for me?"  She came over to me and, to
my astonishment, began rubbing at it through my shorts.  "You
know, I've seen you watching me," she said.  She said she didn't
mind, that she'd been watching me, too.

She kissed me, and my hands went to her breasts, kneading them
as she rubbed my crotch.  They were soft and warm in my hands,
and she moaned as I touched them.  I parted her blouse, and
ran my hands directly over her breasts, pinching the nipples.
She knelt down in front of me, and my shorts were off in a
second, my cock pointing straight at her.

She licked the head several times, flicking her tongue over it
before sliding it into her mouth.  Soon her head was bobbing at
my crotch, swallowing every inch of me.  Her mouth was soft and
wet, and she worked it like there was no tomorrow.  It was wet
with both our juices in no time.  I reached down toward her skirt,
but she pulled me to the floor.

"Down here," she said, and lay me on my back.  She pulled her
blouse aside to reveal more of her breasts, and then straddled
my hips, her long skirt rising up before me.  She slowly lowered
herself, letting the skirt pile up all over me as she descended.
I briefly felt the part of fabric -- crotchless undies, I assumed
-- and then she reached back behind her and took hold of my cock.
I figured she'd continue to lower herself slowly, but to my
surprise, after sliding her hand up and down my cock a few times,
she dropped down onto it fairly quickly.  Before I really knew
what was happening, I was inside.

It felt wonderfully tight, and the fact that I couldn't see
anything, that it was all invisible under her soft skirt,
somehow added to the experience.  With her hands on my chest
for balance, she began to raise and lower herself onto me.
I lay back and enjoyed the sensations.  Her own head was thrown
back as she rode my cock.  I started to reach under the skirt
to massage her pussy when she took my hands and placed them on
her breasts, telling me to squeeze them.  I did, hard.

She moaned, and began to sit on my cock harder and faster.  Now,
though, I began to notice that the angle felt wrong somehow.
It felt no less wonderful, but she was too far up for me to be
in her pussy.  I slid my hands up her legs and, before she
could react, found her pussy...only to find a cock instead.

She instantly stopped, sitting without moving, waiting for my
reaction.  I didn't know what to say, which must have been the
right thing, because she slowly lifted her skirt to reveal the
swollen cock beneath.  It was clear that she had slipped me
into her ass as she had first descended.

She was, she explained quickly, a pre-op transsexual, that
she had tried to avoid having sex with anyone until she had
the final stage of the operation, but it was taking a long
time to get all the money in hand for the procedure, and she
was going crazy without sex, and that if I was really turned
off, we'd stop.

But the truth was that ever since I found out, my cock had
gotten harder in her, not softer.  Tentatively, never having
touched one before, I reached out and stroked her cock, which
was hard to the touch.  Noting my acceptance, she bagan to
move up and down on me again, finding her rhythm again.  I'd
never thought of myself as particularly gay, but somehow this
was okay; she was mostly a woman, after all.  Not that I really
needed much of a rationalization; it felt too good for much
thinking.

She continued riding me, harder and faster, stroking her own
cock until suddenly my hips arched and I came within her.
She gasped as I came, her face flush.  She slowed, then
stopped, sitting on me as I slowly softened inside her.

All the while, she kept stroking her cock.  I watched it,
fascinated.  She hesitated, then finally asked, "Do you
mind?"

I knew what she was asking, and after a moment, I nodded.
She got me onto all fours, and moistened her cock with some
hand-cream from her purse.  She was still wearing her skirt,
and raised it, letting it fall over my back as she positioned
herself behind me.  I could see our reflection in the hall
mirror, and marveled at the sight of the gorgeous woman, with
a secret beneath her skirt, moving up against me, her cock
nudging at my ass.

Because it wasn't very big, her cock slipped in with surprising
ease.  Once past the sphyncter, it slid softly into my ass until
it was buried to the hilt.  Then, slowly, she began to move back
and forth, her long nails brushing my back as she stroked in and
out of me.  I lay flat on the floor and she covered me, her
breasts warm on my back, her cock hot in my ass, moving slowly
and sensuously as she fucked me.  

She hadn't been in me more than a few minutes when suddenly her
whole body spasmed, and I could feel her cock twitching in me
as she came.  She bit my shoulder as it filled me.  She wriggled
it back and forth a few times as it softened, then finally pulled
out, then lay down beside me.

That was a year ago.  Tomorrow, we move in together....

--
