           The bright spring sunlight warmed him as he sat on 
        the cobblestones of Monument Square, his back up against 
        the pedestal on which Longfellow's statue rested. It was 
        almost noon, soon the office workers would be teeming 
        into the square with their lunches, along with tourists 
        taking in the sights of Maine's largest city.

            He took the three bent playing cards from his shirt 
        pocket and placed them down on the cobblestones. Then he 
        closed his eyes and searched.

            He sent his mind forth to touch and probe the idle 
        thoughts of the people starting to fill the square. It 
        wasn't long until he found them.

            They were transparent to him, their thoughts strong, 
        rough, colored by ignorance and prejudice. They were not 
        from the city, they were lumberjacks, down in Portland 
        for a day of drinking and trouble.

            Perfect.

            Come to me, he beckoned, come to me.

            They did.  
            
            "Hey, whata ya doin'?" The biggest one 
        asked, his beer gut exposed by his too small motorcycle 
        T-shirt. "That some kinda game?"

            "Yeah, yeah it is." The red haired one answered. 
        "Don't you 'member, Billy? We saw it when we took that 
        load a' lumber down to New Yawk City. Them nigras were 
        playin' it. Sumthin' three card, three card..."

            He looked up at them. "It's called three card monte. 
        It's a betting game."

            He let the bait tangle.

            "Yeah, now I 'member it..." Billy said, pausing to 
        take a swig of the beer he held wrapped in a paper bag. 
        "How you play?"

            "It's easy. I have three cards, two black aces and a 
        red queen. The queen of hearts. See? Now I turn them over 
        and shuffle them around. All you have to do to win is to 
        follow the red queen." He stopped shuffling. "Where is 
        it?"

            They stared at the cards for a moment.

            "I think it's the one in the middle." Red said after 
        a moment.

            He flipped the card. It was the queen of hearts. 

            "You win."

            "Fuck! This is easy!" Billy laughed.

            "Yeah, meybe." added Red, his eyes narrowing. "But 
        how do ya bet?"

            "You may bet any amount of money you want. And if you 
        win, I'll pay you double."

            "Double?"

            "Yes."

            Billy fished around in the pockets of his greasy 
        jeans.

            "Here's twenty. Let's go."

            He started to shuffle. "Ace, ace, queen. Keep your 
        eye on the lady, sir, and win forty dollars." He stopped 
        tossing the cards. "Pick."

            Billy peered at the cards.

            "That one, on the left."

            It was the ace of spades.

            "You lose." He said, picking up the twenty and 
        pocketing it in one deft motion. "Would you like to try 
        again?"

            Billy shook his head but Red was game.

            "Damn, Billy, you jest too fuckin' slow, man." Red 
        taunted as he threw down a twenty and a ten. "You ain't 
        foolin' me buddy. Do it."

            He tossed the cards again. 

            "Pick."

            Red took his time.

            "It's...ah...ah...the middle one. The center one."

            He turned it over with a flick of his finger. Ace of 
        clubs.

            "It's a trick." Billy snarled. "It's a trick, It's a 
        fuckin' trick just like I told ya, Red."

            "There's no trick." He said evenly.

            Red looked around quickly then squatted down in front 
        of him.

            "Lemmee tell you something, you little fuck, I think 
        Billy's right, there's a trick here someways." Red spat, 
        a thin trickle of tobacco juice running out of the corner 
        of his mouth into his unkempt beard. "So I'll tell you 
        what, you're gonna do it one more time. Fifty dollars, 
        double or nuthin'.  And you, smart ass, you throw them 
        cards once. Just once." Red raised a gnarled fist in 
        front of his face. "Or else..."

            Billy leaned down over him. "Or else we'll fuck you 
        up."

            He looked from Billy to Red and back again.

            "Fine."

            "Good." Red replied, throwing down a wad of cash. 
        "Deal."

            He placed the cards into their positions then slowly, 
        ever so slowly, moved them once. As he did, his mind 
        swiftly etched the picture he wanted them to see. He held 
        it until both of the men looked up and into his eyes.  
        Then he sent it forth, burning it into them.

            "All right, gentlemen..." He said with the faintest 
        of smiles. "Choose."

            Red peered at the cards.

            "Center again, center!"

            "Turn the card."

            Red did so. It was the ace of spades.

            He swept up the money quickly, knowing, with these 
        men, what would come next.

            "Fuck it, Red!" Billy growled as Red continued to 
        stare at the card. "Let's just take the little bastard 
        someplace and kick the shit out of him! Teach him a 
        lesson."

            He had Red's measure already and he would make him 
        the voice of reason. No, he whispered into Red. No, 
        you're in a public place, you don't want any trouble. 
        You're far from home, far from home, far from home...

            Red looked up from the cards and stared at him, his 
        eyes widening. Then he broke off.

            "No, Billy, no. let's just leave it, man. Let's go."

            "What? No! Let me fuck him up! I want my goddam 
        money!"

            Far from home, far from home, far from home...

            Red grabbed Billy's arm and started to pull him away.

            "I said let's go! I just wanna go. I hate this 
        fuckin' city anyways, we shoulda never come down here."

            They were three paces away when Billy snatched the 
        card that Red still held in his free hand, crumpled it up 
        and threw it at him.

            "Don't you ever let me catch you upcountry, you 
        cheatin' little fuck, cause I'll kill you." The card 
        landed in his lap and as he watched the men disappear 
        into the crowd he unfolded it.

            Queen of hearts.

            He waited for a moment to make sure that his two 
        marks were clear of the square then stood and stretched, 
        letting the sunlight warm his stiff legs.  Which bank to 
        use today, he wondered. It was getting too late to use 
        one of the small branch offices in the suburbs. So today 
        he would have to make a break with tradition and 
        patronize one of the bank headquarters that ringed 
        Monument Square.

            The glass doors of the Northern Bank made a soft 
        whoosh sound as they opened, the result of the climate 
        controlled atmosphere meeting the air from the outside. 
        He stood quietly in the lobby, letting other customers 
        pass in front of him to join the various lines. And he 
        searched.

            He projected himself forward, gently touching the 
        thoughts of the busy tellers, first one then another. Who 
        was concentrating? Who was preoccupied? Who 
        was...ah...yes...

            She was in the second cage from the wall, near the 
        bank's large bay windows.  He moved a few steps closer 
        and watched.

            A square of sunlight framed her, the loose strands of 
        blond hair from the bun atop her head creating a frizzy 
        halo effect. Her face was pretty but ill served by her 
        severe hairstyle. Her conservative business suit 
        performed the same function, hiding her trim, petite body 
        from the world under a layer of brown serge.

            As he watched, he probed her thoughts. Past her 
        shyness, past a vague loneliness and uncertainty about 
        the future, until he found what he knew would be there. 
        The richness of her fantasy made him smile, its brutality 
        and passion made him blush. Every player, every detail in 
        it had been lovingly thought out. 

            As he joined the line in front of her window he eased 
        it from her. While he waited, he enhanced it, making it 
        more vivid and real than life itself.

            The elderly woman in front of him took a long time 
        with her business but had now finished. He stepped 
        forward.

            "May I help you?"

            "Yes." He replied, looking up at her as he pulled the 
        crumpled bills from his pocket. "I've got a hundred 
        dollars here and I need some change."

            She counted the money."What denominations?"

            "Uh...ten tens, please."

            Her hand was reaching into the cash drawer when he 
        forcefully returned the fantasy to her. She gasped, a 
        tiny intimate sound shared only by the two of them. 

            Trembling, she brought up a pile of bills and began 
        to count. "Ten...  twenty...thirty..."

            ...she was moisturizing herself in the steam from the 
        shower, languidly gliding her hands over her smoothly 
        shaven legs when he grabbed her from behind.

            "Not a word." The man said, his hand firmly clamped 
        over her mouth. 

            "Not a sound. Understand?"

            She nodded her assent, her heart pounding like a 
        triphammer when she saw his reflection in the bathroom 
        mirror.

            "Mark...?"

            He pulled away her towel. "Yeah, that's right."

            "Why are...why..."

            He brought his hands around to her breasts, kneading 
        them, rubbing his knuckles against her nipples until they 
        stood erect.

            "I've seen you watching me. I know you stand behind 
        the curtains and watch me work out." He took her nipples 
        and gave them a long, slow pull. "Time we got to know one 
        another better."

            She shuddered. It was true. she did watch him working 
        out with free weights in the common yard their apartments 
        shared. He pulled her nipples again and she moaned 
        despite herself and pressed her back up against him.

            Another pull. "You like that, don't you, baby?"

            "I...I..."

            "Spread your legs."

            She did as she was told, her feet cool on the tile 
        floor. He buried his face in her neck kissing and licking 
        while his hand traveled down her front.  He let it fall 
        slowly from the cleft between her small firm breasts, 
        down her smooth, slightly rounded belly until it came to 
        rest on her blond bush.  He rubbed her therewith the heel 
        of his hand for an instant then suddenly opened her up, 
        pressing his heavy thumb up to her clit which he slowly 
        began to rub back and forth.

            She moaned as the moisture began poring out of her, 
        betraying her.

            "You're not going to call the cops, are you?

            "Uh...uh..."

            He increased the pressure with his thumb. "Are you?"

            "No!" she gasped. "No..."

            "Good." he replied, burying his face in her hair and 
        pressing harder still.  "And you'll do exactly what I 
        tell you, right?"

            Her hips quivered uncontrollably as she ground 
        herself back and forth on his hand. "Yes, yes, yes..."

            He held her tightly from behind. "Yeah, baby. Do your 
        nasty dance for me.  C'mon..."

            She was bucking now, grunting and heaving on the 
        brink of climax when he pulled his hand away from her 
        clit and inserted his middle finger into her.

            "I'm gonna give it to you, baby. But not yet. You 
        need to be warmed up first." He pulled his slick finger 
        out of her and brought it up to her mouth. "Lick it 
        clean."

            She hesitated, caught between sensation and fear, He 
        responded with a sharp slap across her ass.

            "Do it."

            He forced his finger into her mouth and the 
        suddenness of the slap made her receive it. She 
        understood what he wanted now and gave it to him, running 
        her tongue around it, sucking and licking her juices from 
        it.

            "See? You know what I mean. Good girl."

            He twisted her right hand behind her back and pushed 
        her forward out of the bathroom into the dark bedroom. 
        She stumbled on a pile of clothes there and he used her 
        forward momentum to throw her on the bed. Whipping off 
        his belt, he then pulled her back up into a sitting 
        postion in front of him.

            "Cross your hands in front of you."

            She obeyed instantly. He looped her hands in the 
        belt, drew it taut then laid her back across the bed, 
        tying the free end of the belt to the brass headboard. He 
        stared at her for a moment, then deliberately started to 
        take off his clothes, teasing her with his slowness.

            Finally he was upon her, his hard cock barely 
        inserted into her wetness, teasing but not taking. He 
        brought himself upright between her legs, rubbing his 
        cock head against her swollen clit.

            "Say it."

            The excitement and want made her strain against the 
        belt.

            "What... say what?"

            He slapped his cock against her clit.

            "Say fuck me."

            "Ah...uh...fuck me."

            Slap. "Again."

            "Fuck me." she replied, more urgently this time.

            Slap. "Say please."

            "Please fuck me."

            Slap. "Louder."

            "Please fuck me!"

            Slap. "Now beg with your pussy."

            She did, moving her hips frantically in an effort to 
        get at his cock.

            "Please fuck me, please, please!" she pleaded. 
        "Now...hard...please...."

            He entered her abruptly and fully, pushing her legs 
        back towards her shoulders. She started to shriek as he 
        took her, setting a hard and fast rhythm and as their 
        bodies collided violently he released her hands.  She met 
        his thrusts with her own, her nails scoring his back as 
        he pounded into her, the small rivulets of blood mingling 
        with their fuck sweat and coating them both.

            She was beyond any manner of control now, her back 
        arched, legs spread, head thrashing from side to side 
        with the sheer animal pleasure of it.

            "Yes!" she screamed, beating her fists into his sides 
        as he plunged in and out of her. "Yes!...Yes!...Yes!...Yes!..." 
        
        " ...eighty...ninty...one hundred." She finished unsteadily.

            He took the pile of hundred dollar bills and tucked 
        them into his pants pocket.

            "Thank you."

            "Huh? Oh...uh...you're welcome. Have a nice day."

            The sun was starting its descending arc towards 
        twilight as he trudged up Congress Street toward home. At 
        the top of the hill he stopped at a mailbox, fishing 
        around in his pockets for the envelope he'd prepared 
        before he left home.

            It was addressed to the Society for the Prevention of 
        Cruelity to Animals.  Counting out nine hundred dollars, 
        he stuffed the money into the envelope, licked it and 
        dropped it into the box.

            It had been a challenge when he started but now this 
        would be the last time.  It was merely child's play now. 
        Besides, his father was right. When you're almost 
        fourteen years old, it's time to put aside children's 
        games and prepare to take on the business of men. 


            
                              ==END==
