A Night at the Symphony
author unknown

*****

     I arrived at Janet's house about 15 minutes early, wanting to
surprise her, since I normally ran late.  "Hi hon", she said as the door 
opened.  She was wearing a pair of running shorts and t-shirt and I 
looked admiringly at her ass as she walked back towards the kitchen.  For 
a 39 year old, Janet was quite stunning, short white hair, high 
cheekbones and the body of a dancer.  She was the best Mistress I had 
ever had.  She knew exactly how much to push to get the best out of me.
     Janet enjoyed dominating younger guys.  She loved going places with me
to show off her girl-toy, kissing me or running her hands over my ass at bars
and nightclubs while other women jealously watched.  Tonight we were going to
the symphony.  When she called me last week to tell me that she had tickets I
asked if the dress was formal.  She only replied "Let me worry about that."
     "Let's go take a shower" she said as I walked into the kitchen.
We walked upstairs and I removed my clothes as she started the shower.  "Get
in and get soaped up", she commanded.  I complied.  "Turn off the shower."
I turned off the shower and turned around to see Janet holding a razor.
"Put your hands on the curtain rod", she commanded.  She then started shaving
my hair off, first the arms, then chest and legs.  By the time she started
on my cock I was rock hard.  "Turn around."  I did.  She then spread my cheeks
and shaved my ass.  I was completely hairless except for my head.  "Ok, wash
off and dry, I'll be in the bedroom."
     The towel against my now bare skin sent shivers through me as I dried
myself.  "I see you bought that dress we were looking at the other day",
I said as I stepped into the bedroom.  "I sure did, hon", she replied,
"I thought it would look great on you".  My pulse quickened.  Not tonight,
we were going out.  "I also have some other gifts for you", she said
handing me a small box.  I opened the box with trembling hands and looked
at the corset, g-string and sheer black stockings inside.  "Um, their real
nice" I managed to choke out.  "Your prick is giving you away dear" she said
gazing at my crotch.  "Now be a good boy and put on your clothes, or will
I have to help you out ?" she said, her tone becoming stern.
     The sheer nylon made my skin tingle as the the stockings slid onto
my legs.  Janet stepped behind me and helped with the corset, lacing it
tightly.  "Breath out." she said as the laces tightened.  "What a figure"
she teased as I stood up.  I felt like the corset was cutting me in half.
I put on the g-string, which barely covered my cock and had no rear to
speak of.  "Raise your arms over your head hon."  As I did, she slipped
the long black dress over me, pulling it down until the waist caught on
my hips.  She then placed two balloons filled with water into the corsets
cups.  "Put your arms through the sleeves."  She zipped the back of the
dress up,  making my new cleavage bulge out tantalizingly.  "Nice  bod",
she said admiring her work.  "Now for some make up."  She sat me in a chair
and applied foundation, blush, eye-liner, mascara and lipstick.  Some mouse
in my hair and a curling iron changed my straight blond hair to a nice
full shape.   "Hold out your hands", she ordered.  I watched in fascination
as Janet glued false nails onto my own and then painted them a light cherry
red.  "Aren't they a bit long ?" I asked, looking at the 1" long nails
I now owned.  "Your my slut" she growled, her voice getting rough, "and
sluts have long nails."  "For questioning me you will get some extra punishment
tonight."  My cock twitched at the thought.  She clipped a pair of long
rhinestone earrings to me and put a matching bracelet around my wrist.
Janet stepped into the closet and returned with a pair of black high heels.
"Put these on."  I almost lost my balance as I stepped into the shoes.  Janet
laughed.  "Your better get used to them."  I tried walking around the bedroom
a bit, the dress only allowed for a bit of motion, provided by the long slit
running down the right side almost up to my stocking tops.  "There is a jacket
for you downstairs, you can wait for me there."
     A few minutes later Janet walked down the stairs, wearing a short
black skirt and a see through white blouse.  "You look great" I said.  "You
look like a whore" she replied.  I turned and looked in the mirror at the
end of the hallway and saw a tall blond in a slinky satin dress, wearing rather
high heels and showing a lot of leg out of the side of her dress slit.  I
moaned.  And we were going out in public, to the opera house.  "Here's your
purse" she said, handing me a small black leather purse.  "Don't loose it,
or you will regret it."
     Janet opened the door and we walked out from her apartment to the
parking lot.  I was felt a knot in my stomach as I stepped my way down the
stairs, heels clicking against the concrete.  We got in her car and
proceeded to the opera house.  I tried to get comfortable but the corset
pressed into me mercilessly and the heels were starting to pinch my toes.
"Are we having fun yet ?" Janet asked as she rubbed my crotch with her hand.
I almost came from the sensation of her hand rubbing the satin of the dress
across my nylon covered prick.  "If you cum your going inside even with a
wet spot on your dress" Janet warned.
     We arrived at the opera house and went inside.  The usher gave us
both appreciative glances as we handed him our tickets.  On the way to
our seats I noticed stares from both women and men.  Much to my relief we had
a box to ourselves.  If I had known what was to happen I might not have
been so pleased.
     The concert started and I tried to make myself as comfortable as
possible with my predicament.  After the first piece, Janet took me by the hand
and led me to the ladies room.  I was trembling as we entered.  This was
beginning to be more than I bargained for.  After applying a bit of lipstick to
herself, Janet gave me a light kiss and said "There is a dildo in your purse
hon, and a small tube of KY jelly.  You better not leave here until it's in
your tight little ass."  I started to protest, but she cut me off.  "If
you don't do as I say, I'm going to call the usher right now.  I'll be waiting
outside for you."  With that she turned around and walked out.  I had no
choice.  I walked back to the last stall and closed the door.  It took me
a minute to get my dress up and as I was starting to slide the dildo into my
anus I heard the click of heels as someone else entered the bathroom.  I
froze.  Terrified.  Here I was, in the opera house ladies room, shoving a dildo
up my ass.  How would I explain this one?  All I could do was wait.  As I sat
down the dildo impaled me.  I made a slight grunt as I was stretched to the
limit.  In a few minutes the other occupant left.  I slid my dress back down,
closed my purse and walked out.
     Janet was waiting for me outside.  She grinned as I looked at her.
"Back to enjoy the rest of the show ?"  As we walked back to our booth
I felt the dildo moving around inside me.  "Something on your mind ?" she
teased.   I squirmed through the last hour of the concert, the dildo reminded
me of it's presence whenever I moved.
     As the final composition started Janet whispered to me "take off your
shoes."  I was beyond questioning at this point and did as I was told.  She
picked them up, opened her purse and produced another pair of heels.  She 
placed them at my feet and slipped my old ones back into her purse.  "Put 
them on."  I did.  The heels felt higher.  Janet bent down and I felt 
straps being fastened around my ankles.  Then I heard two faint clicks.  
I looked down and was horrified.  The new shoes had 5" heels and each 
ankle strap was fastened closed with a small brass padlock.  As I was 
considering this, the audience broke out into applause.  The show was 
over and I had to walk back to the car with 5" heels that were 
padlocked.  As the lights came up we put on our coats and made our way 
out.  This time we got lots of stares and people around us whispered as 
we walked.  The dildo along with the humiliation of it all was 
unbearable.  I almost came twice on the way back to the car.  By the time 
we reached the car Janet was quite turned on herself.  Before we got in 
she gave me a deep kiss on the lips, running her hands over my ass and 
playing with the dildo.  Several nearby couples stared at our exhibition 
with a shocked look.
     I was a wreck by the time we arrived back at Janet's apartment.  Every
bump and pothole on the way home made my anus twitch.  As we walked in Janet
said to me,  "You have shown me that you are quite a slut, however, you still
need your punishment for questioning me, and I still need to turn you into
a real woman."  I gulped at the last part of this, my imagination ran
through what this might mean.  Janet tied my hands behind my back and
and bent me over the couch.  My feet were attached to a spreader bar and
locked in place.  "I'll be right back."
     A minute later Janet re-appeared, stark naked, except for a
large dildo strapped to her.  I started to get up but she grabbed the back of
my neck and forced me back over the couch.  "Please, I'll do anything."
"Anything?"  I hesitated, what could be worse than this ?  "Anything."
"Ok."  Janet walked around the front and pressed the dildo to my lips.
"Take it cunt !"  I opened my mouth and she began working the dildo in and
out of my mouth.  "Come on you whore, you can do better than that !"  She
was getting turned on now, and trying to force the large pahlus  deeper into
my throat.  I choked and she withdrew a bit and then rammed it back in.  I
started gagging and she pulled out.  "Not good enough."  She walked around
the back again.  "Please, no."  "Shut up you slut."  With that she ripped off m
y
panties and shoved them into my mouth.  "That's better."   Janet withdrew
the dildo that I had inserted during the concert and started to pour something
warm and sticky down into my ass.
     I felt the larger dildo pressing against my anus.  My muscles reacted,
trying to squeeze together.  "Relax bitch, or will I have to get the cat out
and use it on your ass ?"  I relaxed as much as I could and Janet started
forcing the dildo into me.  It felt as if I was being split in half.
The other end of the dildo was having it's affect on Janet as she rubbed
her clit against the harness.  The dildo was moving in and out now as she
approached her own orgasm.  The pace increased until she let out a low
moan and drove the rubber cock all the way into me, grinding and bucking.
I felt like it was going to come out the other end of me, and I felt my own
orgasm nearing.  Before I could cum, Janet let off the pressure and unbuckled
herself, leaving the dildo inside.  My sphincter was starting to cramp from
all the abuse it had taken, but Janet wasn't through.  She got on the couch
in front of me, pulled the panties from my mouth and started to grind
her soaking cunt into my face.  Her pulling and grinding started to get more
insistent as she neared another orgasm.  As I slid my tongue into her she came,
her muscles rhythmically squeezing my tongue.  After a few minutes of rest
she untied me, and gently removed the dildo.  "So how does it feel to be a
woman ?" she asked.  "It feels great when you have a good Mistress", I
replied.
     She untied the corset and removed it.  "Ok, you can get off now."
I started to play with myself furiously and came in seconds. My back arched
as I shot a long stream of milky white cum onto my chest.  When I finished
Janet slowly licked the cum from my bare chest and then gave me a passionate
kiss, feeding me my own cum with her tongue.  We cleaned up and went to bed,
me with stockings still on and pumps padlocked to my feet.

FIN
