Archive-name: Violent/sysadmin.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sys Admins


	As the fluorescent light flickered at us from above, it could
only lick at the sweat as it fell from her body.  The fluids that trickled
gently down her legs seemed to invite the tongue.  Far be it from me to
refuse an invitation, but the magnificence of the view was too precious to
corrupt, at least just yet.
	Only minutes before, she had been waiting for the elevator just
outside my door.  Knowing she was alone, as was I, at least we could be
alone together.  Pulling her quietly into my office was a problem, for a
second.  Using my jacket over her face, she seemed dazed enough for her
struggling to be rather moot.
	Large plastic wire-ties on her wrists behind her back and at her
ankles seemed to encourage a great deal of energy from her oh-so-delectable
body.  Wrapping a wool scarf around her neck, stringing it behind a chair,
and tying it to her bound wrists seemed to reduce the struggling sufficiently.
	Via a pair of wire cutters, the buttons of her blouse dropped to
a more acceptable state.  Pulling her blouse down her arms, I slid a blunt
edge of the wire cutters between those luscious, but covered, mounds of
flesh, making her breathing increase.  It continued to increase as I gently
squeezed the cutters and let the everything fall from seclusion.
	Unbuttoning her pants held no problems, but lowering them did.  I
firmly pulled back on neck portion of the scarf, waited for the gagging, and
then slid them down as her hips raised off of the chair.  Letting go, she
squirmed for a moment.
	There she sat.  Her head was wrapped in my jacket, her breathing
labored.  Her blouse now gathered at her wrists, and her pants at her ankles.
Pushing a button, I started a CD.  A bass guitar opened the sound as the
band slowly caught up.  Pacing around her chair, I refrained from touching
her.  She would expect it.
	Waiting for the CD to reach a better track, I set up the camera
to get a full view of her.  Pressing a few buttons, I made sure to keep the
Kodak moment.
	Holding her at the knees, now, her tense body seemed to slowly
relax.  Knowing this would happen eventually, I removed my jacket from her.
Her eyes held nothing I wasn't prepared to accept.  Actually, they held
an openness, as though to be filled.
	I knew I wouldn't make it home for a decent supper.  First, I kissed
her left thigh.  She was already shuddering.
	Her clear voice barely held the whisper, "You Sys Admins are all 
alike."
	"Well, this is what we think of the girl next door."
	I could cut her ties now.

--
