

                        --------------------------------
                        |                              |
                        | The Bible of Fraud:  Part II |
                        |   Written By:  Sneak Thief   |
                        |                              |
                        --------------------------------

What A Fool I Was!
------------------

Looking back on my old file, The Bible of Fraud, I'm almost
sickened at how lame I was back then  (then again, some people
will argue about how lame I am NOW), so this file will attempt to
rectify some of the earlier flaws in The Bible of Fraud.

CBI/TRW
-------

CBI and TRW are huge credit verification systems which contain
credit information on 125 or so million Americans.  If you simply
know the name, address, and first letter of someone's street, you
can find out their credit card number, and other essential
informations.  You can see how useful this can be for carders.
- More (Y)/N/NS? NS
But TRW and CBI's usefullness does have it's price, however...

CBI and TRW passwords are much harder to find than they were way
back when.  CBI passwords are echoed back to screen when entered,
hence they are not echoed to the business' printer which is
usually on during during the procedure.  Although many will argue
with me, I believe that TRW passwords are.  This is as of three
months ago, when I shocked myself and friends by finding a
print-out with a valid TRW code on it.  Shocked, I most
definately was.  But, TRW is getting greatly worried due to
complains from people with their records violated, so it most
definately unlikely that they will keep up the practice.

As I mentioned in my earlier file, CBI is generally prefered to
TRW by any carder with enough sense to tie his shoes without help
from Mommy.  The reason for this is simple:  TRW is VERY nasty
towards anyone in their system!  They trace.  They prosecute.  If
someone breaks in while you're on one of these systems and says,
"What the HELL are you doing!?"  Don't bother hanging up.
They've already got you.  You could try and BS your way out of
it, but I doubt that (by the way, however, it is unlikely that
TRW is paying very close attention to most of the ports of their
system due to the sheer number of them, but if you dial your
local TRW dial-up direct [Never, NEVER do that!] and they break
in, your career is over.

CBI, according to many people I've talked to, is much less
dangerous than TRW, but I doubt that they wouldn't enjoy hauling
your ass into court if they caught you.  The only really easy way
I envision getting a CBI code (other than leeching off of someone
else), is to look in the trash for CBI print-outs with the users
code written on them (so the idiot using the machine won't
forget).  This is unlikely, but Metro ever waking up to the fact
that they we're being robbed blind was unlikely, also.

So, in conclusion, I would just get my hands dirty by trashing,
as TRW and CBI codes go dead so fast, they usually aren't worth
the trouble you took to get them.  On to trashing techniques!


Trashing
--------

If you do not know what trashing is, I recommend that you
scavenge up a copy of the Bible of Fraud, as it gives a more
complete explanation of trashing techniques.

Some hints...

     o  Good places to trash are Flower Shops.  They do a lot of
        phone orders, and instead of reaching your hand into
        chicken guts or the bag where they empty the ashtrays
        into, you can just root around in wilted flowers.

     o  Malls are not great places to trash.  This is because
        of an increasing number of nosy security cops, and the
        fact that tenents at the mall have usually been lectured
        on security and shred their carbons.

     o  Try and get all the information from a carbon that you
        can.  If you find a business that requires all kinds
        of information (driver's license number, home address,
        etc), as my local Video World does, your in luck.  Many
        places require all of this information.

     o  Trash around the beginning or end of the month.  This
        is when many companies throw away their old files filled
        with carbons.  You can also try the end of the week, as
        some stores clear out the weeks files then.

     o  FIND OUT WHEN TRASH DAY IS!  Then come the evening
        before.  If your going to find anything, find it then.

On to the next section,  Ordering.

Ordering
--------

The key to ordering is the voice.  That's all there is too it.
If you sound like Mickey Mouse, better find someone else to order
for you.  Here are some tips on ordering...

     o  Do not be playing any music in the background.

     o  Keep the door closed in the room your ordering from, and
        whenever possible, order when your parents aren't home.
        This way, they won't hear your mother screaming at you
        to do chores, or some other stupid thing, and your mother
        won't hear you ordering (we wouldn't want her to do that,
        would we?

     o  If something goes wrong with the order (suspicious clerk,
        etc), or your asked for a piece of info you can't give,
        DO NOT HANG UP INSTANTLY.  This instills great suspicion,
        suspicion of you.  Far better it is to BS out of it
        and then hang up more polietly.

     o  If you give them the credit card number, and then
        something goes wrong (ie:  you panic and hang up),
        throw away the number you gave them.  It may
        be overly cautious, but you never know!

     o  Call (800) verification numbers from a pay-phone.

     o  Order from a payphone  [One of my favorite techniques
        is to find a remote pay phone in which there is two
        or more phones, and order from one and leave the other
        off-hook.  Then I give the guy the phone number of the
        off-hook phone.   This is good because I have had
        instances in which I had a number that rang forever,
        and they called it while I was on!  ("Sir, your phone
        is ringing...")]

     o  Never, ever, allow your voice to squeak.

Ok, I think that is about all that is really needed on ordering,
so on to the next section:  The Drop

The Drop Site
-------------

After you find the perfect card, and order perfectly, you've
still got to pick it up.  This is the most dangerous part, so it
might be a good idea to find someone else to do it for you, but I
doubt anyone would do it.

Wear normal clothes and look normal.  If you pull a cap over your
eyes, wear dark sunglasses, etc they will probably remember you,
and on the off chance that the Feds come interview these people
they can give a MUCH better description.

By far the best way to fraud is to find an isolated house that is
vacant.  Make sure that it is far enough away from your house
that it won't cause suspicion, but close enough that when you
come to check on your order every day you won't be too tired.  If
you drive your car to the drop site, use a little sense and park
it a couple blocks away.  Unfortunately, vacant houses are rare,
and they do not stay vacant for long.  Thus, another good way is
to find a house in which no one is home in the daytime (this
isn't so hot when you order special UPS [It's always a good idea
to wait for regular UPS!], since they can't sign for it.

If you cannot find a family that works, then you will just have
to send it to any old house.  Leave these people a note saying
"Due to an error, some of the goods I ordered are coming to your
house.  I would appreciate you holding them for me."  Then just
come and pick them up (when doing this, wait for a week after
your sure it'll be there.  Coming back more than once would stick
your face in their memory.

The only rule of the drop is:   NEVER USE A PO BOX!  Not only if
you are caught will you get in more trouble, you are much more
likely to get caught.   I cannot count how many times I've seen
people get busted from a PO box because they keep on reusing the
same one.  Save yourself the trouble and expense, and the risk,
and forget a PO Box.  I'd hate to read about you in the paper.

On to the final section, Random Hints.

Random Hints
------------

     o  Get rid of your carbons.  Copy them on to a disk file,
        so they are easier to destroy (in case of emergency),
        and your parents won't chance upon them.

     o  Decide what you want to get before you get before you
        get it.  If you need an Apple Cat 212 and and a ten
        meg for your board, get them and don't add a Hayes
        Mach /// joystick for Bill, a 212 upgrade for Sam,
        a...

     o  Lay low after a fraud.  After you fraud something, wait
        a couple of weeks before you try anything else.

     o  Never keep any of the stuff that comes with the
        merchandise.  Such as the invoice slip, etc.  Destroy it
        immediately.

     o  Do not get greedy.  That will only cause trouble.  Fraud
        what YOU need, and only the essentials.  If your friends
        want something, it's up to them to take the risk of
        getting it!

     o  Never use the same address, PO Box, etc., twice.  In
        fact, only send something to a general area once.

     o  Sell whatever you can.  Use the profits from that to
        buy the same stuff legally.  (It makes things easier
        than destroying serial numbers, etc)

     o  Computer stuff is the hardest to fraud.  If you find
        yourself getting frustrated, fraud something easy but
        something that you can sell for a decent profit (Tennis
        rackets are great for this!)

     o  Don't flaunt what you get.  Parents are VERY suspicious.

Hot Areas
---------

You won't get busted.  Rather, you won't get busted if the feds
don't come into your area.  If they start getting interested, and
investigate your area, and then you attempt a fraud, you are
busted.  So wise up.  If you see strange men in dark business
suits and aviator sunglasses lounging around in front of your
drop, or cars in government license plates are driving around
your city, cool it.

If you live in say, Los Angeles, you can get away with more than
if you live in Crow's Neck, Montana.  The reason is once they get
interested in Crow's Neck, they can stake out the entire town,
wheras in Los Angeles that is slightly difficult even for your
friends and mine, the FBI.

So, take the obvious course--let your area stay cool.  Small
frauds, spaced far apart will keep you safe.  5 ten megs to the
same address in a week won't.

The Media
---------

You see the media constantly crowing about "Teenage 'HACKERS' in
New Jersey Arrested", or "Irvine Youths Convicted of Five Counts
of Mail and Wire Fraud", but the truth is that they don't make
many busts, that's why they keep on blabbing about the ones they
do make.  But, if you read in the paper about your friend Bez Man
being busted, and he lives five miles away, take it as a hint to
start destroying documents, etc, etc...  In other words, use the
media as some sort of 'heat detector'.  When they start crowing
about law and order and computer crime, it's time to pack things
up for a while.  Likewise after a MAJOR bust, as the local cops
will always be looking to get in on the glory.

The End
-------

I hope that this file has been educational, and I wish you luck
on any career of frauding.  Don't get busted, and don't get
greedy, and enjoy a long career of getting what you want--for
free.

I would REALLY appreciate any feedback, and I'll give credit
where credit is due, so leave me a message on any of the below
listed boards.

If you didn't like this file. . .I don't really care (I've got
enough things to worry about!)

Stupid Disclaimer
-----------------

Since you are sentinent human being (hopefully), and are not
under control by me, I disclaim all responsibilities for any
actions inspired by this file ("Gee, what might that be?").

Consider this file my extreme usage of the First Amendment.

Call these fine systems...

Compu-Swap  (20 meg AE 300/1200)......714/828-8072
Alpha Centari (10 meg Cat-fur/BBS)....213/493-5877
1985 (10 meg BBS).....................612/729-1985
The Draco Tavern (10 meg Cat-fur/BBS).707/745-5805
Sirius Cybernetics (45megs Amiga).....808/521-3306

Leave me mail if you have anything you wish to contribute to
later volumes.


Downloaded from..

   The Lost City of Atlantis
  .     _ . __ |\  _  .
.   .__ =| |[] |# |# ._  .
  ...##.=|.|[].|#:|#.|=|...
- -- --- ------------ --- -  - 
       703 - 327 - 6144

                                ___       ___.



              ีอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออธ
              ณ  This is one of the many special text files   ณ
              ณavailable for downloading along with the latestณ
              ณelite cracks at:   Alcatraz BBS                ณ
              ณ                 (217) 384-5267                ณ
              ิอออออออออออออออออออออ[NaPE]ออออออออออออออออออออพ
