

	      HOW TO CHEAT ON SCANTRON TESTS


	This Method of Cheating took a lot of time to 
compose and was painstakingly Finished on 5/10/94. The 
author of this file will remain anonymous and is not a 
member of a group or any group affiliates. I also do not 
wish to become a part of any group because groups are a 
utter waste of my time and energy. I publish and release 
what I want and thats that. None of that group crap for me.
	This method is FOOL PROOF. I have used it many times 
and it has worked wonders for me. I have gotten past 3 
achievement tests, the SAT, and 3 AP tests with this 
wonderful godsend. The first thing to do is to hide a piece 
of tracing paper in your calculator. Most standardized tests 
allow calculators and this shouldn’t prove a problem. Then 
when you grid your REGISTRATION # in, put the tracing paper 
between your pencil and the paper and shade it in DARKLY. 
This way, the graphite of the pencil will be filtered and 
the OGR (Optical Graphite Recongnition) will be somewhat 
faulty.
	Next, the machines that score your tests aren’t that 
highly sophisticated. ETS wants you to think that but it 
really isn't the truth. ETS are a highly corrupt 
institution. A court case took place a few years ago in 
which ETS accepted a bribe from a very rich man who will 
rename nameless. ETS allegedly configured their scoring 
machines to not count errors towards the final score. This 
can be easily done because only ONE QUARTER of the incorrect 
responses are substracted from the number correct. The 
officials can easily make this to 1/0, and in layman’s 
terms, Fry the system.
	So where do you come in? Well you can fool the system 
into thinking it is taking off 1/0 per question answered 
incorrectly. In order to do this you must shade in your 
answers DARKLY on the left. That is because the scanner 
reads from Left to Right and the OptaVisor (the company who 
ETS employs) sensor will simply go out of comission upon 
this task. 
	Then on the left hand side make smear marks of the 
pencil by shaving off the graphite in a fine powder and 
smearing it across the left size. This will control the 
actual computer which tabulates your score.
	The final thing to do is where it says “For ETS only
shade in the SECOND circle. This will override the scoring 
procedure used by the machine and you will be given a 
perfect score.
	This method may have a few bugs in it and you can send 
me responses, critiques, suggestions, etc.. to                  
			TIM.JONES@VGIS.COM



 








