How to hack a coke machine



NOTICE: TO ALL CONCERNED Certain text files and messages contained on this site deal with activities and devices which would be in violation of various Federal, State, and local laws if actually carried out or constructed. The webmasters of this site do not advocate the breaking of any law. Our text files and message bases are for informational purposes only. We recommend that you contact your local law enforcement officials before undertaking any project based upon any information obtained from this or any other web site. We do not guarantee that any of the information contained on this system is correct, workable, or factual. We are not responsible for, nor do we assume any liability for, damages resulting from the use of any information on this site. 

Ok. First of all, I have tried every single file I could find on how to
rip off coin changers, candy machines, etc. etc. None of them worked.
Believe me, I tried every one. I don't know if these articles were just
to gain a better U/L D/L ratio or what b ut they didn't work. I have
one that does. 

This trick only works on COCA COLA machines. Don't ask me why. It has
something to do with the validator on the machines.

Take a dollar bill (as crisp as possible) and lay it george-side-up
with our dear first prez. facing left as if you were going to stick it
in the machine. now take some scotch tape and make 2 strips a long as
the dollar. now take those pieces of tape and attach them to the white
edge of the dolla r fcing you (just the one edge). your dollard should
look like this now.

-----
- -
- -
- -
- -
+---+
| |
| |
| |
| |

Now take scotch tape and make bars across the two pieces of tape
already connected to your dollar(sort of like a ladder) overlapping
each one just a little. get down to the bottom and turn the bill over
and do the same thing on the other side (just the l adder rungs). now
take a pair of sissors and trim the tape to make it all even and
square. now take something hard and run it over the tape a few times to
ensure that it won't come off. (remeber kindergarten? put the glue on
and press down hard while you count to 10?) now you're ready. take
your new and improved currency to the nearest coke machine with a
dollar bill vindicator and insert your dollar. you have to let the bill
go in almost until you cant hold the tape anymore (it's important to
let the bill get in far e nough for the scanner to read the dollar) and
then whip it back out. You should hear the click of the machine and
your change drop out. make your selection and voila! Now the cool thing
is when you find a machine that only takes 50 cents. cause you get your
coke and 50 cents. I made 300 dollars one time doing that. no shit.

that's it folks.

note: this document is for informational purposes ONLY. The author of
this article assumes no responsibility for the use or mis-use of this
article.


