
Accommodations, Airplane Rides and More for Youth Groups

The U.S.  Air Force provides a variety of free, unique experiences for our
nation's youth, especially national scouting groups.  The Air Force opens its
facilities to these groups for special events, such as olympics, jamborees,
conferences, and meetings.  Overnight accommodations ranging from camping sites
to beds in barracks are also available.  Youth can participate in training
exercises, obtain orientation plane rides, and take tours of the Air Force
facilities.  Aerospace education, career programs, and sometimes surplus
properties are also available.  Films, on topics as diverse as expert motorcycle
riding, space communications, the history of the Air Force, and missile
development in space can be borrowed.  For information, assistance or support in
any of the above areas, scout and youth groups should contact the Youth
Organization Project Officer at the Air Force Installation where they wish to
conduct an activity.

Address correspondence to:  Base Commander, (List Appropriate Name) Air Force
Base, State, Zip Code, Attention:  Youth Organization Project Officer.  For
national and regional events, youth groups should write the appropriate regional
liaison officer or the director.  A list of these officers appears below.

Director, Air Force Office of Youth Relations, Kelly Air Force Base, Texas
78241-5000/512-925-5384.

Northeast Region, Air Force Office of Youth Relations, McGuire Air Force Base,
New Jersey 08641-5000/609-724-2905/3728.

Southeast Region, Air Force Office of Youth Relations, Dobbins Air Force Base,
Georgia 30069-5000/404-424-4990.

East Central Region, Air Force Office of Youth Relations, O'Hare ARF Facility,
Illinois 60666-5000/312-694-6088.

South Central Region, Air Force Office of Youth Relations, Carswell Air Force
Base, Texas 76127-5000/817-735-7134.

North Central Region, Air Force Office of Youth Relations, Whiteman Air Force
Base, Missouri 65305-5000.

Western Region, Air Force Office of Youth Relations, Travis Air Force Base,
California 94535-5260/707-438-5100.




Adopt-A-Horse

In order to control the population of wild horses and burros grazing on public
land, the U.S.  Department of the Interior offers these animals for adoption to
qualified applicants.  For further information and adoption applications
contact:  Adopt-A-Horse, Bureau of Land Management, U.S.  Department of the
Interior, Washington, DC 20240.




Anger - Helping Children Cope

A free pamphlet entitled "Plain Talk About Dealing with the Angry Child" (502N)
suggests ways of helping a child cope with feelings of anger and aggression. 
Available from:  Consumer Information Center, P.O.  Box 100, Pueblo, CO 81002.




Anorexia Nervosa

A 7-page booklet entitled "Facts About Anorexia Nervosa" (411N, 50 cents)
describes symptoms, causes, and treatments of this potentially fatal eating
disorder.  It also gives sources for more information and assistance. Available
from:  Consumer Information Center, P.O.  Box 100, Pueblo, CO 81002.




  Art Musxeum Exhibits For Rent

  The Smithsonian Museum provides specially designed exhibts to organizations
and institutions across the country, and abroad, at the lowest possible rental
fees.  More than 120 exhibitions of paintings, sculptures, prints, drawings,
decorative arts, history, children's art, natural history, photography, science
and more are circulated every year.  Contact:  Smithsonian Institution, 900
Jefferson Drive SW, Washington, DC 20560/ (202)-357-3168.




Art on Loan

Educational materials, including color slide programs, films and videocassettes
based on works in the National Gallery of Art's collection and special
exhibitions can be borrowed without charge.  A free catalogue is available.
Write:  Extension Programs, National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC 20565.




Arts America

The International Communication Agency assists qualified artists and performers
in arranging private tours overseas.  Its aim is to present a balanced portrayal
of the American scene.  ICA has sponsored:  a major exhibition of American
crafts shown in China;  a modern dance company's visit to the USSR, Spain, and
Portugal;  and a jazz ensemble's tour of Nigeria, Senegal and Kenya.  Contact:
Arts Liaison Advisor, Office of the Associate Director for Programs,
International Communication Agency, United States Intelligence Agency, 301 4th
Street SW, Room 568, Washington, DC 20547/202-485-2779.




Art Slides from the National Gallery

Slides of the Gallery's collection are available on a loan basis to
organizations, schools, and colleges without charge.  Contact:  Slide Library,
National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC 20565/202-737-4215.




Best and Worst Food Buys for Coming Months

A free subscription to the National Consumer Buying Alert will keep you informed
about which foods will be cheaper or more expensive in coming months. The
monthly publication also provides general consumer tips, such as how to deal
with a wet basement, how to insulate your home or how to reduce gas consumption.
 For a free copy write:  Consumer Information Center, Pueblo, CO 81009.




Bibliographies

Free listings of Government publications on more than 240 subjects ranging from
accounting to veteran's affairs can be easily obtained.  For a brochure on the
subjects covered write to:  Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government
Printing Office, Washington, DC 20402/202-783-3238.




Biking and Hiking Maps

Brochures with maps of trails throughout the National Park Service are available
free of charge.  When placing your order, specify the geographical area you are
interested in.  Contact:  U.S.  Department of Interior, 18th and C Streets NW,
Room 1013, Washington, DC 20240/202-343-4747.  (Note:  If you call, you will at
first hear a recording.  Stay on the line if you wish to speak with someone.)




Birthday and Anniversary Greetings from the President

The President will send birthday greetings to individuals 80 or over and
anniversary greetings to couples married 50 years or longer.  You must notify
the President of the event, in writing, at least 2 weeks (preferably 1 month or
more) before the celebrated occasion.  Include in your letter:  the name(s) and
address, including zip code of the person(s) to be honored, and information
about the event including the date, number of years being celebrated and whether
it is a birthday or anniversary.  Write:  White House, Greetings Office,
Washington, DC 20500.




Boating Lessons

A variety of free courses, ranging from 1 to 13 classes, on safe boating are
offered by the U.S.  Coast Guard.  For further information contact your local
U.S.  Coast Guard Office, or Commandant (G-BAU-1), U.S.  Coast Guard,
Washington, DC 20592/202-426-1077.




Breast Cancer

A pamphlet is available summarizing information about breast cancer, biopsy,
mammography, reconstruction and rehabilitation.  For a free copy write: Public
Inquiries Office, National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health,
Bethesda, MD 20205.




Brides Information Package

Available to new homemakers, this packet contains an assortment of home and
garden bulletins relating to budgeting, consumer tips, cooking, etc.  Contact:
Your Congressman, U.S.  Congress, Washington, DC 20515/202-224-3121.




Business Loans for Children and Teenagers

The U.S.  Department of Agriculture lends up to $10,000 to youths from ten to 21
years of age.  The loans can be used to support both farm and non-farm ventures,
such as small crop farming, livestock farming, roadside stands and custom work.
They are normally made in conjunction with youth groups and require parental
consent.  Contact:  Production Loan Division, Farmers Home Administration,
Department of Agriculture, Washington, DC 20250/202-447-4572.




Calendars

Each congressional office has a large stock of hanging wall calendars,
containing beautiful photographs of Washington Scenes.  For a free calendar
contact:  Your Congressman, U.S.  Congress, Washington, DC 20515/202-224-3121.




Child Support Handbook

The "Handbook on Child Support Enforcement " is a "how-to" guide for getting the
child support payments which are owed to you and your children. Information is
provided about applying for child support enforcement services, obtaining help
in finding the absent parent, establishing paternity, collecting child support,
and collecting payments in another state.  The free publication is available by
writing:  Consumer Information Center, P.O.  Box 100, Pueblo, CO 81002.




Christmas Trees

Free Christmas trees are available to nonprofit organizations.  Commercial
organizations and individuals can obtain trees at fair market value, and for
$1.00 you can cut your own tree.  The trees are located on federal land in ten
western states.  Contact:  Your local office of the Bureau of Land Management,
the Forest Service, or:  Division of Forestry, Bureau of Land Management,
Department of the Interior, Room 5620, Washington, DC 20240/202-343-3229.




Chronic Pain

A free booklet describing causes and possible cures for pain, including
headaches, lower back pain, cancer pain and arthritis pain is available from:
Chronic Pain, National Institute of Neurological and Communicative Disorders and
Stroke, Room 8A-06, Building 31, Bethesda, MD 20205.




Coaches-Drug and Alcohol Prevention Program

A nationwide program, developed in conjunction with the National High School
Athletic Coaches Association, is designed to help coaches prevent drug and
alcohol abuse.  Free information packets, publications, a slide show and video
tape are all available to coaches.  Clinics and workshops for coaches will be
held throughout the United States at which Drug Enforcement Agency Special
Agents, professional athletes, and amateur sports figures will address a variety
of topics pertaining to drug and alcohol prevention.  Contact: Preventive
Programs, Drug Enforcement Administration, Department of Justice, 1405 I Street
NW, Washington, DC 20537/202-633-1437.




Baldness Treatments (553N)

This freebie discusses products which are supposed to restore hair or prevent
hair loss.  Write:  Consumer Information Center, P.O.  Box 100, Pueblo, CO
81002.




Computerized Databases - Free Public Access

For the price of a phone call, computer users, with telephone link-up equipment,
can dial directly into several data bases operated by the federal government:
alternative fuel data bank AFDB, designed for direct public access, can be
searched by most home computer users having a telephone linkup. The data bank
contains information about the utilization of alternative fuels. It has three
types of data:  bibliographies of publications, synopses of ongoing research
activities and discussions of topics of current interest. AFDB focuses on the
use of non-petroleum sources and non-conventional fuels from petroleum sources
in transportation.  Examples of fuels covered include syncrudes from shale,
coal, alcohols, hydrogen, ethers and broadcut. Information is collected from
periodicals, abstract news service publications, technical society papers,
conference proceedings, and project progress and final reports.  Data retrieval
programs are interactive and designed for easy use by the general public.
Searches and direct-access privileges are available free of charge.  Contact the
Center to obtain a free user's manual and I.D.  number.  If you don't have the
equipment to search AFDB yourself, the Center will query the system for you and
send you a printout.  Contact: Alternative Fuel Data Bank, Bartlesville Energy
Technology Center, P.O.  Box 2128, Bartlesville, OK 74005/918-337-4267.

Climate assessment data base.  This database designed for easy public access
provides users with information about short-term climate conditions in the
United States and throughout the world.  Anyone with a compatible terminal (most
home computers are) and telephone linkup can obtain a password and dial directly
into the system.  Users can then select from a menu of 12 databases summarizing
meteorological data on a weekly, monthly and seasonal basis. Examples of data
include:  temperature, precipitation, weather indexes, heating and cooling days,
energy conditions, and assessment of climate on crops.  The system contains
global surface data collected from 8,000 stations worldwide.  Currently, most
data is in tabular form, but plans are under way to include graphical
presentations.  To obtain a password for this system contact:  NOAA, National
Meteorological Center, W353, WWB, Room 201, Washington, DC 20233/301-763-8071.

Computer standards and technology bulletin boards.  The Institute for Computer
Science and Technology sponsors two free electronic bulletin boards which
provide information about conferences, articles, and other literature dealing
with new standards and technology in computers and software.  One bulletin board
deals with computer performance evaluation and the other microprocessors. 
Contact:  Institute for Computer Science and Technology, National Bureau of
Standards (NBS), Washington, DC 20234/301-921-2731.

Crude Oil Analysis Data Bank.  This data bank contains analyses of nearly all
crude oils discovered in the United States and representative crude oils from
foreign countries.  COA is the world's largest collection of data about crude
oil physical properties, distillation and refining.  Examples of retrievable
properties include:  gravity, sulphur content, nitrogen content, viscosity,
color and pour point.  Other retrievable information includes the oil's
geochemistry, its source and financial value.  The database can be searched by
any parameter in the analyses (i.e., type of oil, location, specific property,
etc.).  The system is designed for easy use by the general public.

COA was started in the 1920's and it currently contains more than 10,000
analyses.  Searches and direct access privileges are available free of charge.
If you don't have the equipment to search COA yourself, the Center will query
the system for you and send you a printout.  To obtain a free User's Guide or
more information, contact:  Crude Oil Analysis Data Bank, Bartlesville Energy
Technology Center, U.S.  Department of Energy, P.O.  Box 1398, Bartlesville, OK
74003/918-336-2400 (ext.  256).

Time database.  The U.S.  Naval Observatory Automated Data Service (USNO-ADS)
collects the latest available time data, and most owners of home computers with
a telephone hook-up can dial directly into the system's numerous files. By
inputting appropriate information, users can obtain data such as:  the time of
sunrise, sunset, twilight and moonrise on a given day at any location on Earth; 
the times when transit satellites will pass over their area during the upcoming
25 hours;  the direction and distance (in nautical and statute miles) between
any two points on Earth;  the Universal Time;  and much more.  The Naval
Observatory has designed most of the programs on ADS, but they will help
individuals and organizations (such as universities) run their own programs on
the system.  Staff will also search their database for you at no cost. Contact: 
Time Service Division, U.S.  Naval Observatory, Washington, DC
20390/202-653-1527.




Computerized Decisionmaking for Consumers, Families, Businessmen, and Farmers

The Computerized Management Network (CMN) is a software system of more than 60
interactive programs developed to help the decisionmaking process for farmers,
consumers, families, and businessmen.  Designed to be used by
non-computer-oriented individuals, the system covers areas such as:  finance and
accounting;  taxes and estate planning;  human nutrition and health; home, farm,
and crop management;  information retrieval;  and much more.

You can obtain access to CMN through most Cooperative Extension Service (CES)
offices nationwide.  Subscribing CES offices will either search the system for
you or possibly let you conduct a search yourself.  Individuals and
organizations can also obtain direct-access privileges for a minimum usage fee
of $25.00 per month.  The cost of running CMN programs vaiqs from 50 cents for
a very simple analysis to $15.00 for complex linear models.  Contact your local
Extension Service Office (listed under Department of Agriculture in your
telephone book).




Computerized Decisionmaking for Consumers, Families, Businessmen, and Farmers

The Computerized Management Network (CMN) is a software system of more than 60
interactive programs developed to help the decisionmaking process for farmers,
consumers, families, and businessmen.  Designed to be used by
non-computer-oriented individuals, the system covers areas such as:  finance and
accounting;  taxes and estate planning;  human nutrition and health; home, farm,
and crop management;  information retrieval;  and much more.

You can obtain access to CMN through most Cooperative Extension Service (CES)
offices nationwide.  Subscribing CES offices will either search the system for
you or possibly let you conduct a search yourself.  Individuals and
organizations can also obtng cadirect-access privileges for a minimum usage fee
ofpack25 al pzed turls Wo av@itecemed byAn-t
tye the theupp
2d byAn-t
ty:  Eouth Rpecia and rchargp10s aps apseliates ates arce vos S S cisimersion A.
 och av@ite37-thers Of-t
tye the theupp
2d byAn-t
ty:  E:  E:en, 
orgice h Of
qs ap DCed i, twalso .  suppo thesperatperatpWh7-p7-p75 re lor aWo av@ited in t a fion 15, at , at ,upp
2d byAn-t
ty:  Ees utingtingt5 22e gro
2d base, tw05/gry mg hg hg:  tlectrng achethegressncerustustu b
2d byAn-t
tye th\'s ne .  Eormati assesperatperatp 10fatiscent ir For15, at , at ,Xto o-33are avreh30quipquipqlectrng ache€orth 
Wr@iteache€orth 
Wr@aw05/ch  Of15, at Art,
Rrt K 

EChBi