ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿      ฿฿฿ ฿฿฿฿ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ บ
บ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿         ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ บ
บ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿  ฿฿฿      ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ บ
บ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿      ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ บ
ฬอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออน
บ                Vaginal and Anal Secretions Newsletter #0019                 บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ          Date Released : [05/24/92]       Author: Asaam Raoul               บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ                        How To Properly Ruin A BBS                           บ
ำฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฝ

        Hello, and welcome to VaS Issue 19. Back with more information you
need to know. Welp this issue is going to give you the basics on how to take
out some /<-RaD ]<-Ko0l WaReZ Do0d's bulletin board, or the local PD Anti-
Pirate Lamer, depending on what kind of person you are. Anyhow, there are
a few basic things you need to do to get a loser to run a trojan horse or
virus you have uploaded, or to get others to run them.
        First of all, when you want people to actually run a virus or trojan
horse, you have to make it look a bit realistic. I have included 2 sample
trojan horses that I wrote that will help you out a little bit. These are
simple FAT killer trojan horses, nothing really fancy, but they will take out
the average lamer.
        The first one, GWBULLET.ZIP, is a good one to get sysops with. It
poses as a Global Wars Online Game High Score Bulletin Generator. It looks
just like something that would make the bulletin, and comes with some nice
docs, and a sample output file. This is the type of file you use when you
want to get sysops to trash their system. Another fun one is for people
running front end mailers, you upload a 'Patch' for a small bug that needs
to be fixed and include some quick docs <must be well written> about what is
wrong, and they will run it, trashing their system.
        The second one, PKZFIND.ZIP, is the kind of trojan that will nuke the
average Bob Retard PD lamer type person. They will get this new shareware
util <which comes with the real docs for PKZFIND by the way>, and go to test
it out, only to find out that their system is screwed.
        One important thing to remember when doing this , is that you NEVER
logon with YOUR account, make up a fake one and call a few times before you
try this trick, try to fit in with all the other users, dont post much or
anything, just kinda sit there. Then after a while, BOOM.
        Another way to nuke the SuPeR /<-RaD WaReZ ELiTe D0oDz is to just
take an average sized virus COM or EXE file <around 10-15k will do the trick>,
and rename it to like VGA_AD.COM or whatever, and tell them you made a loader
for their board. Be sure to PKLITE it with the -E (Registered version only)
param line so they cant use McAffe's SCAN to find it. I uploaded 5 of them to
a board once, and the idiot ran all 5 of them, even after they were printing
messages like 'haha your fucked' , or 'leprosy-b virus activated' and such.
I guess some people are really stupid.
        Anyhow, thats all for this issue, have fun with the enclosed trojans,
they work pretty good for all intensive purposes. You can always write your
own, I have written and release over 20 trojan horses and spread them around
in the PD world, and they have nailed quite a few systems, I have often read
messages in national echos about how people should watch out for these files.
Have phun, and don't EVER crash a cool TextPhile board!

ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ               For All The Latest VAS Files, Be Sure To Call :               บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ     Persistence Of Time BBS  2400 baud  (313)462-1906  NUP = T.MESS01    บ
ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ

