ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿      ฿฿฿ ฿฿฿฿ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ บ
บ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿         ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ บ
บ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿  ฿฿฿      ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ บ
บ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿      ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ บ
ฬอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออน
บ                Vaginal and Anal Secretions Newsletter #0045                 บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ          Date Released : [07/01/75]       Author: /<-aPTaiN ]<0oL-DeWD      บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ                            Truther Than Strange.                            บ
ำฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฝ

        For those of you in the metro Detroit area, I would suggest picking
up a magazine called "ORBIT". It is free, and usually found at record stores,
resteraunts, movie theatres, etc. They have one particular section in each
issue of much interest called "Truther Than Strange" printing little-know
facts that are quite interesting. I find them amusing, so i thought I would
share some of them with you...

      NORM PETERSON OF THE WEEK:

       FBI agents investigating a bank robbery in St. Paul, Minn., tracked
       the suspect to a bar four blocks away. When they showed a bar employee
       a bank surveilance photograph, she not only recognized the man as a
       regular customer, but pointed him out sitting at the bar. After the
       agents arrested Franklin D. Kirk, 49, they searched his apartment and
       found half of a torn document from his probation office. The other half
       of the note had already turned up at the bank with the holdup note
       written on the back.

      MAKING HIS MARK:

       One of Presiden Bush's contributions to Japanese culture, courtesy of
       his visit to Toykyo, is the introduction of a socially acceptable
       verb for the act of vomiting: "Bushusuru". The Baltimore Sun reported
       that the new word had quickly foudn its way into popular magazines,
       television variety shows, even a trained-monkey act - when the monkey
       hears the word, it imitates the president throwing up on Prime Minister
       Kiichi Miyazawa (Super Chink), complete with realistic sounds.

      DOMESTICATED ANIMAL:

       When a Thurston County, Wash., emergency operator answered a call but
       only heard heavy breathing, Sheriff's Deputy Gary Daurelio was
       dispatched to investigate. He concluded that the caller was a 150-lbs
       pig he found alone inside the house. Daurelio said the pig escaped from
       it's backyard pen, pushed open the back door of the house, went
       inside, knocked the telephone down and somehow managed to dial 911.

       RECORD BUFFS:

        At the Gaslights Records store in Melbourne, Australia, at the annual
        "Nude Day", 70 naked men and women turned up to claim a free record.
        "We only have one nude day a year," manager Pascal Brogan said. "Any
        more and our hearts couldn't stand it".

       SMART PET TRICK:

        After teaching their cocker spaniel to dial 911 in case of an
        emergency, Bonnie and Tom Robb of Aliso Viejo, California, received
        a phone bill with $28 in 900-call charges to an adult date line. "We
        know the dog did it because nobody else was home when the calls were
        made".

       BON VOYAGE:

        When Danish Inter-rail passengers buy their tickets, they also receive
        two free condoms and a leaflet telling them how to avoid getting
        AIDS as they travel around europe.

       IN AND OUT DOWN UNDER:

        The Australian goverment ordered a brothel in South Australia to
        train its employees or pay penalties. Under Australian Law, any firm
        with sales over a certain amount must spend 1 percent of the total
        on training. (Note From /<-aPTaiN ]<0oL-DeWD - I volunteer for the
        training!).

        Well thats all I feel like typing in. If you wish to receive this
quite humerous magazine, You can reach them at 313-541-3900. Be sure to tell
them you heard about them from VaS.

                   ฤฤฤอออออ[ VaS DiSTRiBuTioN SiTeS ]อออออฤฤฤ
ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ  BBS Name                 Number       Baud   Sysop                Title    บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ  LiVe WiRE BBS        (313)464-1470    14.4   Studmuffin          World HQ  บ
บ  PoT BBS              (313)462-1906    24oo   Phreak_Accident     World HQ  บ
บ  TcH BBS              (713)373-4031    14.4   One Meg Cacher      Dist. #1  บ
บ  Floating Pancreas    (305)551-0311    14.4   Majestic Cockster   Dist. #2  บ
บ  Phantasm III         (313)884-2617    14.4   Scavenger           Dist. #3  บ
ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ

