ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออหออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ                                บ                                            บ
บ              บ   Vaginal and Anal Secretions Newsletter   บ
บ        ฿  ฿      ฿฿  บ                                            บ
บ          ฿  บ          Issue #92 - May 29, 1994          บ
บ  ฿฿  ฿฿฿฿        บ                                            บ
บ    ฿฿          ฿฿  บ    -[ Written By: The Psychotic Pyrotic ]- บ
บ                                บ                                            บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤะฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ                           S/<r3wDr1veR: Boots and Braces                    บ
ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ

HeReZ MoRe /<-RaD oi lyricz for all you S/<iNz out there!

 Skrewdriver: Boots and Braces
 -----------------------------
 
    Back with a bang
    ----------------
     Back with a Bang now!

     Do you remember in the summer, back in 1978,
     when they reckoned that the skinhead days were numbered,
     and the papers drept with liquid hate.
     Being patriotic struck the passions on his head,
     To fight your country, fight the crime.
     Society tried it's best to kill you,
     but the spirit lives until the end of time!

     I said we're back with a bang now!
     Back with the gang Now!
     Back with a bang Now!
     Back with the gang Now!
     Two! Three! Four!

     Reckonned every skinhead was a bad man,
     Making all our familys sick,
     and they fill the papers with this rubbish everyday,
     Never missed a dirty little trick!
  
     I said we're back with a bang now!     
     Back with the gang Now!                
     Back with a bang Now!                  X2
     Back with the gang Now!              
     Two! Three! Four!                       
     
     And still today they keep on lyeing,
     Four years on and it still ain't enough,
     But the skinhead way of life is getting stronger every day,
     We are never gonna turn!

     I said we're back with a bang now!
     Back with the gang Now!
     Back with a bang Now!             X2
     Back with the gang Now!
     
    I Don't Like You
    ----------------
     One! Two! Three! Four! I DON'T LIKE YOU!

     Got up for my job in the morning, time is going very slow,
     Thinken assorted violence, boss is keeping me on the go.
     Thinking of loozing work now, having to be insane.
     When your busy doing one thing, your boss says do it again!

     And i said "I don't like you", I don't like you,  
     I don't like you anymore!
     One! Two! Three! Four! Five! Six! Seven! Eight!

     Decided to get on working, getting a spot in an ad.
     Foremen giving me orders, surely making me see red,
     Made my break and i'm free now, playing in a Rock and Roll band,
     Playing my Rock n' Roll music, knocking off the other bands.

     And i said "I don't like you", I don't like you, 
     I don't like you anymore!                        X2

    Built Up, Knocked Down
    ----------------------
     The Summer was comin, I was out in the field,
     then i heard a gitare playin', way out in the field,
     I saw an old man, stopped by a tree.
     He said Come and Listen to this song now, Come and listen to me
     He said Hey boy, whats life?, mean to you or I?
     Does it mean that I can trust your life to me?
     He said if thats what it means, then i trust my life to you.
     He said that's the way it should be, I'd been looking to say it to you!

     Quit my job baby, i went out and I bought my first gitare.
     Then i started to learn to play, starting up so hard.
     What happened Saturday, Got a contract, and it's all so grand!
     Then they started messing around with us, they took it back!

     Are you trying to mess with us now, trying to make us quit?
     If thats what your trying to do then go cheat again.
     I said Built up, Knocked Down, Knocked Down to the ground!
     Built up, Knocked Down, Knocked Down to the ground!
     Built up, Knocked Down, Knocked Down to the ground!
     Built up, Knocked Down, Knocked Down to the ground!

    A Case of Pride
    ---------------
     Your wonderin how you'll make it through the day,
     Get up packing and get upon on your way,
     Why don't you have the money, and you can have it.
     Your a case of Pride and i know just how you feel.

     You can't go home cuz they'll see that you got your mail,
     Diet of not much food and your looking pale.
     Why don't you have the money, and you can have it.
     Your a case of Pride and i know just how you feel.

     Why do you have so many people, vision's in your head.
     Now you sleep in a railway, not down upon your bed.
     
     Congress told you about the things they've achieved,
     made you feel so useless that you hate to be
     Why don't you have the money, and you can have it.
     Your a case of Pride and i know just how you feel.

    Breakout
    --------
     BREAKOUT!

     Well i'm heading South, 
     Money in my pocket and my heart in my mouth.
     Twin wheels running down the railroad tracks
     Looking forward and i don't look back now.

     They said you wouldn't do it.
     Slipped out through the chain. X2
     Said you couldn't breakout!
     No One ever Breaks Out!

    Tearing Down The Wall
    ---------------------
     It's been in the way now, now it's Fortified
     Many people paid for it with there lives
     There's people that bridged it, too realign there blood.
     To tear it down before they could.

     Tearing Down the Wall, Got to see it fall.

     Some of Europes people, gave reds there lives
     Triumph starts here as people cry
     The hours are playing, European blood.
     <unknown>
     Tearing Down the Wall, Got to see it fall.

     Were Tearing, Were Tearing, Tearing down the Wall!
     We Got to, We Got to, We got to see it fall!
     Were Tearing, Were Tearing, Tearing down the Wall!
     We Got to, We Got to, We got to see it fall!

     It's been there for too long, time to tear it down.
     Lot's of Marxist strongholds all around.
     European people, from the reds we free.
     Too many know about the terror from the east.
     Were Tearing down the wall, Got to see it fall.
     Tearing down the wall, Got to see it fall.

    Boots & Brace's
    ---------------
     Trying to figure out just what to do,
     wondering what the future holds for you
     Being in a clueless path, growing up today.
     <unknown>

     Boots and Braces! Shame in our hearts.
     Boots and Braces! Fighting cross your <unknown>
     Boots and Braces! You'll always get the blame.
     Boots and Braces! We'll come on just the same.

     Wearing your best <unknown> in the sun.
     Trying to figure out just who they are.
     Many jews got money to loose, hear the skinhead roar. SKINHEADS!
     No one stands against us all, We've beat em all before.

     Boots and Braces! Shame in our hearts.
     Boots and Braces! Fighting cross your <unknown>
     Boots and Braces! You'll always get the blame.
     Boots and Braces! We'll come on just the same.

     Trying to get you banned from everywhere,
     Cuz you wear your boots and you cut your hair.
     They would rather see you hanged our burned out again,
     If you were a <unknown>, you will face the ban.

     Boots and Braces! Shame in our hearts.
     Boots and Braces! Fighting cross your <unknown>
     Boots and Braces! You'll always get the blame.
     Boots and Braces! We'll come on just the same.

    Anti-Social
    -----------
     I <unknown> and i'm reading books,
     Getting bored now, playing sucks,
     Don't want to listen to another word,
     I'm so fucking bored.

     I'm AN-TI-SO-CIAL, AN-TI-SO-CIAL, AN-TI-SO-CIAL
     and I Hate the World!

     I don't want to go to work all day,
     work pays someone pay,
     I don't want to wear a dinner suit,
     I don't want a family.

     Cuz I'm AN-TI-SO-CIAL, AN-TI-SO-CIAL, AN-TI-SO-CIAL
     and I Hate the World!

     I ain't gonna be in no Rich mans coat,
     I ain't gonna grow my hair,
     gonna wear boots and a shortened hair,
     Because the truth goes there.

     Cuz I'm AN-TI-SO-CIAL, AN-TI-SO-CIAL, AN-TI-SO-CIAL
     and I Hate the World!

     Walking round the streets, wondering what to do, 
     Fixing up the drunken wine.
     I don't have the money, can't say i do, it's such a drag.
     Looking over the posers in the fucking mall, just walking around.
     Thats why i don't want kids, i ain't gonna settle down.

     Cuz I'm AN-TI-SO-CIAL, AN-TI-SO-CIAL, AN-TI-SO-CIAL
     and I Hate the World!
     I HATE THE WORLD!
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Soon to come: PrEpPiE SmAshInG
              HoW 2 HoLd A FrEaK BaSh
              SkInHeAdZ UnItE
              SkReWdRiVeR: LiVe aNd KiCkiNg LyRiCz
              GuIdE tO MuTiLaTinG HuMaNs aNd AnIMAlZ
              GuIdE tO Odinism

    CaLL /<-RaD /<oD3 /<1dZ oR YoUr a Jh00!
                                        The Psychotic Pyrotic
ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ ฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐ ]<-RaD Places To Find ALL The VaS Issues ฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐ บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ    /<-RaD ]<0dE KiDZ WHeReZ WoRLD HQ       (810)348-0421       14.4k bps    บ
บ    The Terrorist's Playground              (404)394-3080       14.4k bps    บ
บ    PHaRM R0aD 666 2                        (510)540-0342       14.4k bps    บ
บ    PHaRM R0aD 666 1                        (713)855-0261       14.4k bps    บ
บ    Mogel-land                              (215)732-3413       14.4k bps    บ
บ    Lunatic Labs, Ltd.                      (213)655-0691       2400  bps    บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ     If you're interested in being a distribution site, contact KKK BBS.     บ
ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
