ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍËÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º                                º                                            º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ   ÜÛÛÛÛÜ   ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  º   Vaginal and Anal Secretions Newsletter   º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ÛÛß  ßÛÛ  ÛÛ    ßß  º                                            º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ÛÛÜÜÜÜÛÛ  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  º          Issue #108  - 8/3/1995            º
º  ßÛÛÜÜÛÛß  ÛÛßßßßÛÛ  ÜÜ    ÛÛ  º                                            º
º    ßÛÛß    ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛß  º          -[ Written By: TPP              ]-º
º                                º                                            º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄĞÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º                             Guide to Odinism                                º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼
    This is part 2 of my pagan religions series. The first was written a long
 time ago on the cthulu mythos. This issue is about the Norse Pagan religion
 of Odinism. It is also called the Northern Religion or Asturu. I will release
 a few more of these issues about Celtic Paganism and maybe something about
 lame wicca or Roman Paganism.
    Odinism was the main religion for all of europe except for the celts in
 Ireland and Gaul before Christianity. Despite the jew Christians attempts to 
 destroy us, we never died, and Odinism grows stronger every day.

 Creation
 --------
  Originally, there was a void large enough to contain over a billion 
  universes. The void was not empty however. One side formed into a region of
  Ice and the opposite a region of fire. These regions grew and when they
  connected the area of frozen venom from the spring Elivagar softened and
  formed Ymir, father of the Frost Giants. Peices of him broke off to form 
  the frost giants or Jotunn. When the fire melted part of the pure ice they
  formed a giant cow who supplied the giants with milk. This cow licked away
  at the ice for it's food and slowly formed another giant. This giants name
  was Bure and he possessed great power. Bure had children and they had 
  children like the frost giants. At first the two races lived in peace, but
  disliked each other. One day Bures Grandchildren Odin, Vili and Ve were 
  sick of the frost giants and they started killing them. This started a war
  in which Bure and Ymir were slain. Most of the frost giants died in the
  battle. Odin gazed upon Ymirs body and resolved to create a land for them.
  The gods molded his body into a sphere and flung it into the remaining void.
  His Blood became the oceans and his bones became the mountains. The gods
  populated this land they called Midgard wih animals, plants and eventually
  people. Some time after the gods created us, the god rig(Heimdall) came down
  to midgard and mated with all the women to make us kin to the gods. Then the
  gods split the multiverse up into 9 realms. At the top they created Asgard,
  which was to be there home. Nearby was Vanaheim, which the Vanir, another
  race of gods, took. Just underneath them was Alfheim, the home of Frey and
  the Light elves. The Middle part containing the earth and the universe was
  named Midgard. Inside the earth there was Svartalfheim, the home of the
  dark elves and dark dwarves. On the bottumn level was Hel, where the dead
  who didn't die in combat went. And even underneath hel was Niflheim, where
  the serpents and dragons lived. It was hear where Ymir was first formed
  in the mist and poisen. And finally, the Frost Giants took the region of 
  Ice and named it Jotunheim while the Fire Giants took Muspellheim, the 
  region of fire. And lastly the gods formed the rest of the universe in the
  void from sparks and ice.
 
 God's and Goddess's
 -------------------
  The Aesir
  ---------
   Odin - God of Wisdom and War
   ----
    Odin is cheif of the Nordic Gods. He hung himself from the world tree,
    yggdrassl, for 9 days to learn the secret of the runes. Then he plucked
    out one of his eyes for the knowledge of mimir's well. From his throne in
    Asgard he could see everything that was happening in the 9 realms. His
    two ravens, thought and memory, flew over midgard every day and reported
    what they saw to him. Odin was mainly worshipped by savage beserkers and
    wizards. The berserkers would charge into battle with no armor and 
    destroy anything that got in there way. For this he was often known as 
    the god of chaos. Some of his many names are Wotan, Wodin, the Allfather,
    The lord of the gallows and Votan. He is the father of thor, tyr, heimdall,
    the valkyr and baldur along with many other gods. Wednesday is named after
    Odin (Wotan's Day). He was able to see the future, and he built Valhalla
    where the battle slain would go to prepare for Ragnarok.

   Thor - God of Strength, Thunder, and war
   ----
    Thor is the largest and most popular of the gods. He regularly goes 
    giant hunting with his famous hammer, Mjolnar. This hammer is the most
    important item of the gods. It could kill anything thor hit with it and
    would magically return to him whenever thrown. He was named Defender of
    Asgard and Jotunn bane for killing large numbers of giants. Thor's
    worshippers were the common man and great warriors. Thor is the Son of
    Odin and Frigga. He is married to the goddess sif. They have a few children
    who will survive ragnarock. In addition to his hammer, thor possesses a
    belt of strength. He hates Jormungand, the world serpent and loki. 
    Thursday is named after Thor (Thor's Day).

   Tyr - God of Justice, Bravery, Honor and war
   ---
    Tyr is the bravest of all the gods. When Fenrir was bound, Tyr was the 
    only god who stepped forth to put his hand in fenrir's mouth in case the
    gods wouldn't unleash him once tied. Tyr's hand was bit off and he is 
    known as the one handed god. Some of his other names are Tiw, Tiv, Ziv 
    and Tiwaz. Tuesday was named after him (Tiw's Day).

   Balder - God of Beauty
   ------
    Balder is the most beautiful and most loved of the gods. He was murdered
    by his brother Hodur through Loki's Trickery. It is a very long story, so
    i am not going to tell it. In the end the gods hunt down loki and tie him
    to a rock. A snake dripping acid like venom was placed on a branch above
    him. Balders death signifies the coming of Ragnarok.

   Bragi - God of Music and Poetry
   -----
    Bragi is a god of poetic wisdom like Odin and is revered by all the gods
    except loki. He was the son of Odin and The Giant Gunlod. His wife is
    Idunn, keeper of the apples. Not much is known about him.

   Heimdall - The God of Light, The watchman of the gods
   --------
    Heimdall was chosen by odin to guard the bifrost bridge to and from 
    midgard to asgard. He could see for 100 miles and would blow his horn on
    Ragnarock to alert the gods to the coming armys. He was sent down to 
    midgard by odin to father the races of men to be kin to the gods. He was
    known as rig on earth. He is the son of Odin and the wave maidens. He
    and Loki are arch-enemies. His worshippers were guards.

   Frigga - Goddess of love and motherhood
   ------
    Frigga is the wife of odin and mother of Thor, Balder and Hodur. Her 
    mother was Fjorgin, and little else is known about her. She is often 
    confused with Freya and they could be the same goddess.

   Idunn - Goddess of Youth
   -----
    Idunn is the keeper of the golden apples. She grows these magic apples
    which keep the gods young. She is the wife of Bragi, and much of the
    knowledge of her has been lost.

   Ull - God of Hunting, winter, the bow and the shield
   ---
    Ull is the son of Sif and Stepson of Thor. He is worshipped by Hunters
    and Skiers. Not much is known about him but he was thought to be important.

   Forsetti - God of Justice and Conciliation
   --------
    Forsetti was consulted whenever a fair judgement was needed. He is the
    son of Balder and Nanna. Judges worshipped him. Not to much more is still
    known.

   Sif - Goddess of Grain and Fertility
   ---
    A golden haired goddess who is married to thor. Loki once cut off her hair
    but Thor made him replace it with strands of pure gold.

   Vidar - The Greatest of Warriors
   -----
    On Ragnarock Vidar would avenge Odin's death by slaying Fenrir. He was
    the son of Odin and the Giantess Grid. Until ragnarok he dosen't have
    much importance, but he will be one of the few gods to survive it.

   Vali - The Avenger
   ----
    Vali's only purpose is to kill hodur after balder is slain. He is the son
    of odin and a mortal woman.

   Hodur - The blind God
   -----
    Hodur is tricked into killing his brother balder by loki. Then he is 
    killed by Vali. After Ragnarok he will return to asgard no longer blind
    with balder.

   Vili (Hoenir) - The god of Silence
   ----
    The Brother of odin. He became one of the Aesirs hostages to the Vanir.
    He will survive ragnarok.

   Ve (Lothur)
   --
    Odins other Brother.
   
   Mimir - The God of Wisdom
   -----
    Mimir was one of the hostages sent to the vanir (along with Vili). Mimir
    was as wise as odin but Vili was always silent. The vanir were angered
    by this and thought they had been sent a stupid god. They dared not kill
    Vili because he was odins brother, so they killed mimir. Odin then took
    mimirs head and brought it back to life to guard a well of wisdom were
    odin sacrificed his eye for knowledge. 

   Hermod - God of the bold and brave
   ------
    Son of Odin, may be another name for Tyr

   Hnossa - Jewel
   ------
    Daughter of freya

   Lora 
   ----
    Daughter of Thor and sif

   Magni - God of Strength
   -----
    Son of Thor

   Modi - God of Courage
   ----
    Son of thor and brother of Magni

   Nanna - Goddess of vegetation and fertility
   -----
    Wife of balder

  The Vanir
  ---------
    The Vanir are a race of gods older than the aesir but only those sent to
    live as hostages with the aesir are known. 

   Frey - God of Rain and Harvests
   ----
    Frey caused the war between the Vanir and Aesir by sitting in Odin's 
    high chair and giving away his powerfull magic sword to the giants for the
    hand of gerda. He is thought to be the 3rd most important god behind Odin
    and Thor. Even though he was one of the hostages after the war, he 
    resided in Alfheim and was the king of the elves. His worshippers are
    farmers.

   Freya - Goddess of Love, Fertility and War
   -----
    Freya is the most worshipped goddess in odinism. She taught the Aesir 
    magic when she came to Asgard. For this odin shared the battle slain with
    her. Half would go to her hall Sessrumir, and half would go to Valhalla.
    At one time she was married to a god Odr who disappeared to roam the world
    forever. Friday is named after her(Freya's Day).

   Njord - God of Sailors
   -----
    Njord is the father of Frey and Freya. He was forced to leave his first
    wife behind when he went to asgard. He eventually married the Jotunn god
    Skade. Njord is worshipped by sailors and all those who use the sea. 

   Nerthus - The mother Earth
   -------
    First wife of Njord and mother of Frey and Freya. She represents the body
    of Ymir and is often invoked in blots along with the chosen god. However,
    she was mainly an anglo-saxon goddess.

   Gullweig - Goddess of greed
   --------
    Gullweig is a hag who once came to stay at asgard. The Aesir were disgusted
    by her constant bitching and greediness so they tried killing her three
    times but she escaped and complained to the rest of the vanir which brought
    about a war between the two races of gods.

  Other Gods
  ----------
    There were several other gods which didn't belong to a group and there
    were also the known jotunn gods. A few of the jotunn or giants were allied
    with the gods and worshipped. But most of them were the enemies of the
    odinists.

   Aegir - God of the Sea
   -----
    Aegir was one of the jotun but became allied with the Aesir when Thor gave
    him Hymirs cauldren. Aegir is the god of the sea itself, while Njord is 
    the god of those who use the sea. 

   Dwarves
   -------
    A race of Short subterrainean people, dwarves forged weapons and made 
    many magical items for the gods. They were the second race created by the
    gods.

   Elves
   -----
    The First race created by the gods. They didn't like midgard and moved
    to Alfheim where Frey was there lord. They are said to bring fertility
    to the land and were worshipped sometimes by farmers.
    
   Fenrir - The Fenris Wolf
   ------
    Fenrir is a gigantic monstrous wolf who will kill odin on Ragnarock. 
    Everyone feared him as he was large enough to swallow the moon. Tyr was
    the only one who would feed him and then sacrifice his hand to get fenrir
    chained. Fenrir was one of Loki's three offspring. His siblings are Hel
    and Jormungand.

   Garm - The Hell Hound
   ----
    Garm gaurds hel. He allows people to enter but prevents there leaving. On
    Ragnarok, he and Tyr will kill each other.

   Gefion - Goddess of the plow
   ------
    Gefion is a Jotunn who came to midgard and tricked the king of sweden 
    into giving her as much land as she could plow in a day. She then took
    her 4 giant oxen children and plowed away what is today the island of
    Zeeland in Denmark.

   Gerd - Goddess of Spring and the Northern Lights
   ----
    The Jotunn who married Frey. She symbolizes the frost melting in the 
    spring.

   Hel - Goddess of Death
   ---
    Hel ruled over the dead and the world of Hel. Half of her body was that
    of a beatiful woman and the other half was that of a dead diseased woman.
    She is the daughter of Loki

   Jormungand - The World Serpent
   ----------
    Jormangand is the largest of all the dragons. Odin threw him into the sea
    when he was born and forced him to keep his tail in his mouth to bind him.
    His giant snakelike body goes around the world and on ragnarok the 
    magik binding him will break and he and thor will kill each other. He is
    the third offspring of loki.

   Jotunn
   ------
    A race of Frost Giants whose ancestor was Ymir. They are the enemies of
    the gods and lords of Winter. 

   Loki - God of Lies, Trickery and fire
   ----
    Although Loki is considered one of the Aesir gods, he was really the 
    offspring of Frost Giants. The gods kept him around because they enjoyed
    his cleverness and his ability to get them out of trouble, even though
    he caused most of it. It was said that he was the blood brother of Odin,
    so he was generally unharmed by the rest of the gods, although Thor and
    Heimdall tried to kill him several times. Through his trickery, he 
    managed to get the gods several magic gifts from the dwarves, although
    he had his mouth sewn shut for it. These included Thors hammer Mjolnar.
    Toward Ragnarok, Loki will become jealous of Balder and trick hodur into
    killing him. For this the gods bind him to a rock with his sons 
    intestines and place a serpant over his head that will drip venom on him
    until Ragnarok. His wife Sigyn will hold a bucket under the serpent but 
    when it became too full she had to empty it and loki's squirming under the
    venoms pain was said to be responsible for earthquakes.

   Nithog 
   ------
    Nithog is a great serpant that dwells in Niflheim where he eats away at
    one of Yggdrassl's roots. After Ragnarok he will eat the corpses of the
    Evil Dead.

   Norns - The Fates
   -----
    The 3 norns spun the threads of everyones lives, including the gods. They
    were Wyrd (past), present and future.

   Ran 
   ---
    Wife of Aegir, she would often catch drowning sailers in her net and would
    rescue them if they had gold to give her.

   Sigyn 
   -----
    Wife of Loki

   Skade - Goddess of Winter, Skiers and Hunters
   -----
    Wife of Njord. She was the Jotunn daughter of Thiazzi who was killed by
    the Aesir for Stealing Idunn and her apples. As a wereguild the Aesir 
    offered one of the gods to be her husband, but she was only able to pick
    by looking at their feet. She ended up picking Njord because she thought
    it was balder. They could not stand each others domains so they lived
    apart. Skade is the Female counterpart to Ull.

   Surt - King of the Fire Giants
   ----
    Surt was around before the Aesir or even the Jotunn appeared out of the
    mist. It is said on the day of Ragnarok he will kill Frey because Frey
    traded his sword for Gerda. He will then burn the 9 worlds but be 
    consumed by his own flames and die.

   Valkeries - Choosers of the Slain
   ---------
    The Valkeries are the daughters of Odin who's job is to fly over the 
    battlefields and take the battle-slain to Valhalla. They are allowed to
    appear on Midgard as swans, but if seen in there human form they are
    banished from Asgard. It is not certain how many of them there are.

   Yggdrassl - The Tree of Life
   ---------
    Yggdrassl is a giant ash tree that stetches out and supports the 9 worlds.
    It will regenerate after ragnarok and shelter 2 humans who will restart
    the human race.

  Rituals
  -------
   
   Sacrifice
   ---------
    First, you must find and animal small enough to eat. This could be 
    anything from a rabbit to a pig depending on the ammount of people present
    In Odinism, sacrifices are shared with the gods, so this usually happens
    as part of a feast. Offer the animal to the god you wish to invoke. Then
    slit it's throat or kill it in some other manner. Gut it and throw it
    on a grill or spit. This can be done in advance. When the animal is 
    finished cooking, the gothi, or priest should stand in front of it and
    raise his arms so his body forms a Y or Elhaz rune. Staying in this 
    position the gothi should speak an invokation to the god involved. I have
    included a file that will have a few. If the god is not in there, than 
    just make something up like the invocation. Variation shouldn't matter. 
    Now the gothi should draw the rune of the god in the sky above the meat 
    with there finger or a runic wand. Then the Gothi should trace an upside
    down T over it and ask the god to accept it as a sacrifice. The Gothi
    should feel the gods presence, but then the person or people there eat
    the animal. This could probably be done with steak or other meat, as it
    is hard to get live animals that size.

   The Blot
   --------
    The Blot is a far more common ritual almost exactly like a sacrifice,
    except it involves alcohol, preferably mead which was favored by the
    vikings. What you need for this is a bottle of mead or beer about the 
    size of a 40, a drinking horn or a glass and a bowl. This can be done in
    a group where more liquer is required, but it is mainly done by one 
    person. To start, open up the bottle, and raise your arms into the
    elhaz (Y) shape. Next say the invokation to the god like this and then
    trace the gods rune in the air over the alcohol. Now the mead is ready to 
    be poured. Pour it into the horn or glass. Now trace the Hammer sign 
    (Upside down T) over the horn and hold it over your head. Ask the god to
    bless the mead and accept it as a sacrifice. Now the mead has been 
    blessed by the god. You only need to drink the mead to gain there blessing.
    Pass this around by make sure you do not drink all of it. Pour the
    remaining mead into the bowl. Sprinkle some of the mead in a circle 
    around the alter or place where you have done the ritual. Pour the rest
    out on the ground. This completes the blot. Blots should be done to a 
    god that controls something you need help in such as Ull for hunting
    or Odin for knowledge. 

   Magic Runes
   -----------
    I included a file called intro_to.txt which tells about rune magic. I have
    also noted which runes belonged to which gods for the above Rituals.

 That is all for this issue. Just remember all you have to do to go to 
 Valhalla is die fighting. Then every day you get to fight and then feast
 and party all night with unlimited mead. L8r.

ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º °°°°°°°°°°°°°°°° ]<-RaD Places To Find ALL The VaS Issues °°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°° º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º    DaDDy HiLL HoUsE                 WHQ    (810)348-0421       14.4k bps    º
º    The Terrorist's Playground              (404)394-3080       14.4k bps    º
º    Goat Blowers Annonymous                 (215)750-0392       14.4k bps    º
º    Lunatic Labs, Ltd.                      (213)655-0691       2400  bps    º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º    WoZZEl FaNcLuB - (313)605-1016   /\   aH GoT JaNe - (313)438-0390        º
º    VaS VMB        - (313)605-1060   /\   NaCl VMB    - (313)605-7662        º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º     If you're interested in being a distribution site, contact KKK BBS.     º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼
[VaS] 95' - "y0 ice, the organization say they can't stay in business with us"
(C)opywrite If YoU RiP ThIs OfF wE WiLL FuCk YoU uP!


