ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออหออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ                                บ                                            บ
บ              บ   Vaginal and Anal Secretions Newsletter   บ
บ        ฿  ฿      ฿฿  บ                                            บ
บ          ฿  บ          Issue #97 - December 13, 1994     บ
บ  ฿฿  ฿฿฿฿        บ                                            บ
บ    ฿฿          ฿฿  บ [ Written By: TTP                        ] บ
บ                                บ                                            บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤะฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ              The Final Solution to the Lamer Question                       บ
ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
The Final Solution to the Lamer Question by TPP

    Americas sudden fascination with the "Information Superhighway" is going
 way to far. Geeks are making a big deal about it know. They get dates 
 througth the computer, and act like they are cool because they got AOL 
 accounts. Now, this makes anyone else that has anything to do with computers,
 for instance Hackers and Phreakers look like total complete loozers, or even
 worse trendy ph4gz. Al Gore is one of the main people responcible for this,
 along with Bill Gates. DoWn WiD dA GoRe/GaTeZ REGiMe! They have lame TV
 shows that are unrealistic about us hackers like Super Samarii Syber Squad
 and SeaQuest. People Magazine even has it's own section called "CyberChat".
 All of these are dedicated to lamers. Yes, those who have grown and prospered
 since the old days of VaS when they cowered in phear. It is time to bring 
 back the glory, take your area codes back. I know now that it is not just 
 313/810's and 514's problem. Do whatever you can to make the term "hacker" 
 respectable again. Remember, we are the elite of this computer "realm". We 
 can do what the lamers believe is impossible. Here is a plan to take back
 your area code.

 1. Get Help from VaS. Anything to do with destruction of lamers is a goal of
 VaS. We can advise you further and help you with a few of them if necessary.

 2. Try to crash about 50% of all PD and WaReZ boards in your area. In most
 area codes there are lists of all the PD boards going around. Get one of 
 these and see which sysops are the biggest loozers and crash them. My 
 favorite method is a Stealth virus touched up with Norton Utilitys. Make the
 virus into a designer virus for that person. If it appears to be something
 they really want, they will run it, sometimes even more then once in a row.
 Like Sunt Zu says, know your enemy.

 3. Harras them. Pranks from lots of people seems to convince people that 
 being /<-/<o0l isn't as cool as they thought it was. A favorite method is 
 to reroute phone sex numbers to there voice line. They will get calls all 
 fucking night from masturbating loozers, but this dosen't leave the "get out
 or else" message. This could even include messing up there house, blowing up
 there car or ordering them 40 different kinds of vibrators. But they would 
 probably enjoy the latter.

 4. Kick there ass. 

 5. Crash any large groups of them, like bbs partys. Poisen the food or 
 triple the chlorine in the pool(most bbs partys are pool partys). They won't
 be able to look at a computer screen for monthes. 

 6. If it is a WaReZ board, create a fake User ID on the board and tell the
 sysop you are a courier for RaZoR oR InC or some lame warez group. Look 
 around there board and ask him if he wants to be a dist site. He WILL acept
 and procede to brag about it to everyone. Now, call up RaZoR HQ and tell 
 them that this person has been making up stuff about them. They will use 
 there s00peR WaReZ iNfluEnCe and get the warez fag "excommunicated" from the
 WaReZ CeNe. This could even start a war if the person was connected to 
 another rival group. The best thing is, they fight each other for you.

 7. To try to get rid of all the newbie loozers that refer to AOL and 
 Prodigy as the information superhighway, you can crash there UG's(id's set
 up for free mailing and messaging) and hack there accounts. Another 
 possibility is to cutting the systems phone lines or rerouting there numbers.
 
 8. A lot of these "Anti-Hacker" PD sysops have Auto-Callback Validators. 
 These things are meant to keep hackers out, but they are really an instant
 backdoor. You can't set it up to dial 911, because that won't work on any
 of them anymore. What you need to do is get your phone book and flip to the
 government section. Get the numbers for the local NSA or FBI building. The
 sysop will have a lot of questions to answer and luckily his computer will
 be seized(they do it to everyone).

    Also, there have been several lame trends appearing throughout the 
 underground. It seems every person needs to have there own magazine that 
 sucks, has only 5 issues and over 200 dist sites in every area code. These
 people write one article for each of the other mags so they can do a big
 sig like:

  CaPtIaN /<-RaD [ZOG/KIKE/JEW/ZION/kRaD/MaCk DaDDy/DaDDy MACk]

    Guys, it's getting really lame. Most of the things mentioned above i have
 actually done. Most of these techniques will also work on hp lamers, there
 are very few in 313/810 anymore, heh. 

ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ ฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐ ]<-RaD Places To Find ALL The VaS Issues ฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐ บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ    /<-RaD ]<0dE KiDZ WHeReZ WoRLD   WHQ    (810)348-0421       14.4k bps    บ
บ    The Terrorist's Playground              (404)394-3080       14.4k bps    บ
บ    PHaRM R0aD 666 2                        (510)540-0342       14.4k bps    บ
บ    PHaRM R0aD 666 1                        (713)855-0261       14.4k bps    บ
บ    Mogel-land                              (215)732-3413       14.4k bps    บ
บ    Lunatic Labs, Ltd.                      (213)655-0691       2400  bps    บ
บ    The Undercity                           (209)683-3673       14.4k bps    บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ     If you're interested in being a distribution site, contact KKK BBS.     บ
ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
 [VaS]- DoMiNaTiNg ThE WoRlD iN '95
 (C)opywrite If YoU RiP ThIs OfF wE WiLL FuCk YoU uP!
