ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍËÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º                                º                                            º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ   ÜÛÛÛÛÜ   ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  º   Vaginal and Anal Secretions Newsletter   º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ÛÛß  ßÛÛ  ÛÛ    ßß  º                                            º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ÛÛÜÜÜÜÛÛ  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  º          Issue #95 - December 17, 1994     º
º  ßÛÛÜÜÛÛß  ÛÛßßßßÛÛ  ÜÜ    ÛÛ  º                                            º
º    ßÛÛß    ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛß  º [ Written By: PaT MkiNNieZ YEaSt InFeCtiOn]º
º                                º                                            º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄĞÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º                         How To Find Your G-Spot                             º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼
    Hah, we found this article on the UsEnEt.. It's got stuff LiKe VaGiNaL 
 SeCrEtIoNz aNd ShIt... NoW dA USEnEt iS RiPPiNg uS oFF 2!@!@!@
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Subject: Re: G wiz (aka g-spot aka Grafenberg spot)

G wiz aka g-spot aka Grafenberg spot

Summary:
        1) The g-spot exists in all women.
        2) sensitivity varies.
        3) Reaction/interpretation/openess varies.

G-spot IS female analog to prostate.  It really does exist.

The road map (can by used by a man/woman with a woman partner or
a woman on herself).

 Start from the pubic bone, it is the bone running across the
lower end of the abdominal region -- between the thighs and
a little above the clitoris and labia.  The g-spot is behind
this bone -- so you need to find a way around to the other side.
Fortunately, there is an alternate approach in women -- up the
vagina.  The walls of the vagina are somewhat wrinkly, a testimony
to how much the vagina can stretch (say to the size of a babies
head).  On the forward surface there is a smoother patch in about
2 knuckles (1.5-3 inches, 3.5-7 cm.).  If a woman was to lay her
palm on to of her clitoris and curl a finger (or fingers) in to
the vagina in to a loose clench, the tips would be in the right
region.  The g-spot is buried under some layers of tissue so it
may take some pressure to stimulate this area.

Repeating some general hints.

        Arousal of the g-spot is usually more effective if the
        woman is already sexully arroused.

        Sharp or long nails are probably a no-no.
        Some pressure may be necessary.  Two fingers are usually
        employeed -- esp. since few people use mechanical
        typewriters (which would give fingers strength and endurance).

        Initial sensations in thewoman may be a) discomfort, an urge
        to urinate (the urethra from the bladder is being stimulated),
        or a pleasurable sensation.

        As stimulation contintues (few minutes), the g-spot will begin
        to swell.  "Continued stimulation of the area _may_ result in
        an orgasm that is often quite intense."  [see above regarding
        being sexually aroused -- first.  No arrousal -- no orgasm].

        Ejaculation is possible, but the fluid is different from
        vaginal secretions and from urine.

        This does not work for all women.  Discuss with your intimates.
        Compare notes.

For some women, this area may receive stimulus in penile-vaginal
intercourse given the right angles.  Rear entry ("doggie style")
may facilitate penile pressure in this region.

If the partner you are playing with is a man, you can try for a similar
effect on his prostate entering through his anus -- Long or sharp nails
are a big NO-NO.  You might want to use glove or condom over fingers. I
should not need to say: DO NOT allow fecal material on or around woman's
vagina.

Note this can actually cause an ejaculation from a man without orgasm or
an intense orgasm or something in between or nothing at all.
PLEASE:
Practice safe sex.  No exchange of bodily fluids -- blood, feces (which
may contain blood), semen, or female ejaculum; unless you both have been
monogamous ....

END OF FIRST REPRINTED ARTICLE

BEGINNING OF SECOND REPRINTED ARTICLE
Subject: g-spot manual requests
ok, I got a copy of this thing from two different people, and it was
the same manual, so I guess this is the authentic one after all.
I also received an interesting letter from a girl in California that
claimed she had written the g-spot manual. I would leave her address,
but she probably wouldn't like that so if you want it, drop me a note
and I'll give it to ya.
Well, good luck finding it! I know I'll be having some fun tonight!
Okay, I've found G-spots in three women of my acquaintance. Two of them were
completely delighted with the discovery, and the other one wasn't real
crazy about it no matter what. Chacun a son gou. It took some time and
patience for one of the delighted ones, but the other delighted one reckoned
that she'd hit it by accident a few times and just not known what happened.
She responded immediately, and with gusto.


Now I guess it's time for sex-ed 101, so listen up all of you who have a
sexual
interest in female anatomy. The rest of you probably ought to hit 'n' now.

7 will get you 2 that not a single netter hit 'n'. Well, let's start with a
nice juicy diagram. You'll have to bear with my ability to render in
ASCII. In an ideal world I'd sit one of the secretaries on top of the fax
machine, but, sadly, we are restricted to text here.
If you have access to      #########       These hashes are supposed
a set of female genitals    #######        to be pubic hair covering
I'd suggest that you         #####         the pudendum.
compare them with this        ###
schematic. Single females
might like to use a mirror    /U\          U is the clitoris
(or two) to verify that     /' . `\        . is the urethra
they're set up like this.  /'  _  `\       The rest of the characters
I should probably say     { | / \ | }      are supposed to be the outer
that this is intended to  { ` \ / ' }      lips (labia majora), the inner
represent a view of the    \ ` ~ ' /       lips (labia minora), and the
genitals with legs spread,  \ ` ' /        vagina (or is that vulva?)
looking up through the torso  ~|~
as if the woman were a         O           O is the anus
telescope.

So much for the funny latin words. I ought to admit my ignorance as to
whether the vulva is the opening of the vagina or the vagina is the opening
of the vulva, but I trust you'll take my meaning anyway.

For those who never had a close look before and are a bit worried, I ought to
say that, except when quite sincerely aroused, female genitals are usually
not
this clearly set out. The clitoris likes to hide under it's own little
hood, the lips stick pretty close to one another, and it is quite likely that
if the owner of the genitals is standing up and unaroused you won't really
see
more than some enticing tufts of hair and maybe the outer lips. Folks whose
knowledge of these matters derives mainly from Playboy pictorials may be
quite
surprised that there's more here than 'just a hole'.

Traditionally it was thought that all of the sensation available from the
female genitals derived from the lips, entrance to the vagina, and especially
the clitoris. In other words, what you see above. It was thought that the
interior of the vagina was practically numb to sexual sensation.

Now one of those old coots who spent the seventies sticking their noses into
other people's intimate businesses was a guy called Grafenberg, if memory
serves. Dr G. had this theory that there was an area within the vagina, which
was called the Grafenberg spot or G spot, which not only was sexually
sensitive
but which could trigger bigger and better female orgasms than the clit and
the
exterior bits could by themselves.

Now the trouble with Dr G.'s claim was that not everyone seemed to be able to
find this spot, which he reckoned was analogous with the male prostate gland,
and those that did find it didn't necessarily like it much, and so there was
some controversy, especially in the popular press. A number of folks who did
find it and did like it eventually sussed out the mechanics of the spot, and
over the last few years there've been a number of quite good books about it.

The story is basically this: The G-spot is a flat area about as big as a one
or
two cent piece, about two inches inside the vagina. It's just behind the
pubic
bone, on the vaginal wall that is closest to the belly-button. You can reach
it
with your index finger. If the genitals you're playing with are not very
aroused then you might have difficulty finding it, or it might not feel very
interesting or nice to the owner.
The trick is to make those genitals very aroused, and then have a go at the
G-spot. The best way is probably cunnilingus, which is latin for having a
lick, but any technique that provides good stimulation of the clitoris
will do for starters.

Now bear in mind that I'm skipping over a lot here. I strongly recommend
a good deal of foreplay before diving into a woman's muff, like at least
half an hour, and longer if you like. If you can manage dinner and a good
bath beforehand, even better. Actually, I reckon that a bath or a shower
before sex is a reasonably good idea anyway, because we're dealing with
equipment that can be quite off-putting if it's on the nose when it's on
the nose, if you take my meaning. Besides, bathing is fun.
So, presuming that your woman is content with the preliminaries and you're
going hunting, you're going to have to begin by relaxing. Softly Softly
Catchee Monkey. If you're so pent up that slamming your dick in the door
has a pleasurable side to it (sorry feminists, I'm not certain what the
female equivalent to that state is) then forget all this until you've had
a bloody good rogering or two.

Once you've acheived a state of patient interest, slowly start to stimulate
the clitoris. You've got to be really careful here, because clitori are
damned sensitive little beggars, and too much of a good thing is not
really a good thing at all. Also, different clitori like different things.
Some like quite direct stimulation, some prefer one side or the other, others
are so sensitive that they like you to mainly stick to the clitoral hood or
the labia. Some like a circular motion, and others like to be lightly flicked
back and forth. The best way to find out what your clitoris likes is to ask
it's owner, and if she doesn't know then do some experimentation. That's fun
too, so don't get pissed off if it takes a little while to figure out what's
good for you.
As I said, my preferred method is cunnilingus, but if the owner of your
clitoris doesn't like that for some reason ("no, my dear, it's not
germy and it does taste rather nice") then you'll have to use your fingers.

I find that the best thing for clitori is a nice regular stroke, with
regular exotic interludes. Basically it's the same thing as for penises -
you don't want all sorts of unpredictable jerking around, and you don't
want to feel like it's caught in a vise, and you don't want it to feel like
it's attached to a reciprocating engine going at 5000 revs. Take it easy.
If the owner of your clitoris wants more stimulation you'll notice her
writhing around and pushing it at you. If she wants less then she'll
draw away. If it's just right then she'll sit where she is and enjoy it.
Pay attention to what she does.

So, you've got a nice regular stroke going - say, seven strokes and then
something exotic, and then another seven strokes and another something
exotic. Of course the G spot is in the vagina, and you're going to
have to know what's going on in there if you're going to find it and
do something with it. Slowly insert a finger or two. Don't grab, because
that can be rude and distracting.

Now hopefully the vagina that you're dealing with is well lubricated, but
that won't necessarily be the case. If you spend a long time at this even
the juiciest woman can start to dry out, so it never hurts to have a little
lubricant handy, just in case. I'd recommend K-Y jelly, which you should
be able to find at any chemist, but there are lots of alternatives. One
that I wouldn't recommend is vaseline - too thick. Another is baby oil -
too thin, and besides we should conserve the babies :-)

You can entertain yourself by running your finger around the inside of the
vagina, trying to discern its shape. Unless your female is coming (having
an orgasm), you should probably find that the vagina is reasonably
form-fitting, although some are tighter than others. If your female is
not coming or consciously causing contractions you'll probably find that
the vagina isn't doing anything in particular, just sitting there and
producing lubricant. If you bring your finger to the front wall of the
vagina then you'll find it less yielding than the rest, because there is a
bone in front of it called the pubic bone, part of the pelvis. If you feel
along this unyielding section or just beyond you may find a slightly raised
area. This is the G spot. It might not be raised, but it will engorge once
your female starts to come.

Don't poke this spot yet. Don't do anything with it, yet. At best you
won't have any effect, and at worst you'll be distracting. You've got
to wait for your female to start to come. Now this might happen in thirty
seconds, or it might take an hour, and you've just got to be patient
and keep things regular and smooth. You'll be able to tell your woman is
coming when:

- she tells you
- she moans one hell of a lot and her breathing changes
- she flushes, over her face, neck and/or chest
- her vagina begins to flutter rhythmically around your finger

You may see all of these things, or you may see none of them. If you miss
an orgasm, don't stop unless you or she wants to. Women have startling
recuperative powers, particularly when they're receiving the right level
of attention, and generosity is its own reward. Multiple orgasms are
not mythical.

Once you believe that your woman is coming you should shift your attention
from the clitoris to the G spot. Keep up the same rhythm, but use more
pressure. You may want to keep some sort of contact with the clitoris, but
just as a penis becomes supersensitive during orgasm, to the point of
discomfort, so can a clit.
As with the clitoris, you should pay attention to whether the woman pushes
towards you, draws away from you or just sits there to gauge the amount of
pressure you're giving. You probably won't need to vary your speed much, but
pay attention to what she says she wants.
Now as you go at the G spot you'll find that your woman keeps coming for
longer than you've seen before. You may even experience that most startling
of sexual phenomena, a female ejaculation. I've seen three of these (actually
I got a mouthful), but I can't say whether the fluid comes from the vagina
or the urethra. It's quite nice, sort of like salad dressing. It's
definitely not urine, and it is probably polite and hopefully reciprocal to
swallow it.
Keep going at that G spot. Eventually you will feel the vagina draw away
from your finger - it becomes bigger and the walls get taut, and not
form-fitting, sort of like a little cave. When it does this it's time
to switch back to the clitoris. Keep up the same rhythm. When the vagina
begins to contract on your finger again, go back to the G spot.

If you keep this up for a while (and if the owner of your female genitals
wants to stop, then stop - this isn't a competition), you'll find that
the nature of the vaginal contractions changes. The cave effect becomes
less and less frequent and you can spend more and more time with the
G spot. Also, the contractions in the vagina become less simple squeezing
and fluttering, and more a sort of reverse swallowing - a contraction that
starts deep within the vagina and travels to its entrance. It feels a
bit like the vagina is trying to push your finger out. Eventually (may take
hours and patience and many tries) you've got nothing but these push-out
contractions, and you can go on as long as the owner of the genitals
wants to, and your tongue and fingers don't wear out. If you go on this
long you're almost certainly going to need some extra lubricant, so be
prepared.
There you have it. At least in my experience, women can have orgasms
that last orders of magitude longer and seem to be much better than those
that men can have. I guess I better add a disclaimer that all of this is
only one man's experience, and I could be completely wrong about the

female genitals that you have. I'm not certain there is such a thing
as device independance where sexual equipment is concerned. I don't think
that any of the things I've advocated can do you any harm, but see your
doctor if you've doubts. The main thing is to have fun. Happy fucking.

END OF REPRINTED ARTICLES


All right, the G spot.  (Named after Dr. Grafenberg, for you
trivia buffs.)

So you got doctors which say it is, and doctors which say it
ain't...  Lemme tell ya, folks:  I'm a believer.  What follows is
my recently-tested (last week) method for spectacular orgasms for
her through the G spot.

1. Make sure she's "well on her way" first.  I recommend giving her
head.

2. Insert index finger all the way into her vagina.  Crook it as
if beckoning and run your fingertip fairly firmly down the front
wall of her vagina.

3. When your finger is out to about the second knuckle, you
should come up against what feels like the back of her pubic
bone.  Massage this area, softly at first, then more firmly.  The
area will probably require somewhat firmer stimulation than does
the clitoris.  Something close to here should be swelling up
slightly about now.  Ta-daah.  The G Spot.

4. Rub this, generally harder and harder as she approaches
orgasm.

Tips:
Don't forget to watch her face to gauge her reactions.
Though we have not tried it, some say that it might be a bit
easier/more effective if she lies on her stomach.
If you have [room|suite|house]mates who might hear her screaming,
keep a pillow or something handy for her to bite down on.  Even
if she is normally quiet.  I mean it.
Vary the stimulation: circles, long strokes in and out...
Another good one is to press down on it and release, rapidly and
repeatedly.  Your hand turns into a sort of vibrator...  In the
advanced stages of this, I actually used the other hand to hold
and jerk my wrist as my shoulder was getting really sore.
And I got *devastatingly* effective results with this one: Put
your finger in far enough that the very tip is at the upstream
end of the G spot, i.e. your finger from tip to about second
knuckle covers the entire area.  Then, without moving your finger
in or out, slowly ROCK it so that you are pressing very firmly
with first the very tip, then off that onto the first pad, then
the first knuckle, then the second pad, and back in again.  Think
about being fingerprinted if they rocked your finger from end to
end rather than side to side and you've got it.  This sent her
through the ROOF.
And finally, try giving her head with a vibrator fully inserted.
Did this most recently a few days ago and she said it was the
best orgasm she ever had.  By orders of magnitude.

The only thing I worry about now is this:  All this discovery has
taken place in less than a month (the vibrator was a Valentine's
Day present).  What if she expects it to keep improving at this
rate?!?!? 
personally I've noticed that if you enter from behind it tends to hit the same
spot and it does give great reactions...the only problem that I notice is when
they come, they tend to bounce all over the place...sorta is frustrating
because you almost always end up coming out of them but is very enjoyable to
watch as they bounce off of the walls and make lots of noise...(fuck the
neighbors...*grin*)

Well, the only advice I would have is to try multiple fingers.
Apart from that: My education seems to have been lacking. I didn't know
there were any other ways to do that. Is it just me, or were the steps
you described, like, totally obvious?

But seriously: Try more than one finger. If you can get a good rhythm
going, and you remember not to stop after the first orgasm, you will
make a friend for life ;-)


****************************

G-spot is the nickname for the Grafenberg spot, named after the gyn who noted
its erotic significance in the 50's.  The g-spot in women is analogous to the
prostate in men (which seems to play a more direct role in sex and
procreation).

The g-spot is a gland located behind the pubic bone and around the urethra.
It can be massaged or stimulated by reaching up about two finger joints
distance on the upper surface of the vagina.  The area  may be located by
"sytematic palpitation of the entire anterior wall of the vagina between the
posterior side of the pubic bone and the cervix.  Two fingers are usually
employed, and it is often necnssary to press deeply into the spot to reach
the spot" (Perry and Whipple, Journal of Sex Research, 1981, p 29).  If
already aroused, some women will find that stimulation of this area leads
to an intense orgasm which may be qualitatively different from a clitorially
centered orgasm.  Stimulation of the spot produces a variety of initial
feelings: discomfort, 'feeling need' to urinate, or a pleasurable feeling.
With additional stroking the areamay begin to swell and the sensations may
become more pleasureable.  Continuing may produce an intese orgasm.  Like
the prostate, the g-spot can produce an fluid like semen (but not as viscous)
which may be released on orgasm -- even known to "squirt" a couple of
centimeters.

For comparison, the prostate in men is also located behind the pubic bone and
around the urethra.  The two ejaculatory ducts also end here (bringing
sperm from testis via vas deferens).  The prostate can be reached via the
anus (as in Doctors performing a prostate exam).  Continued stimulation
of the prostate may produce intense orgasms in men.  The prostate is the
glad which produces semen (other than the sperm in the semen).


********************************

Don't blame me if it doesn't work. Blame yourself!

ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º °°°°°°°°°°°°°°°° ]<-RaD Places To Find ALL The VaS Issues °°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°° º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º    /<-RaD ]<0dE KiDZ WHeReZ WoRLD HQ       (810)348-0421       14.4k bps    º
º    The Terrorist's Playground              (404)394-3080       14.4k bps    º
º    PHaRM R0aD 666 2                        (510)540-0342       14.4k bps    º
º    PHaRM R0aD 666 1                        (713)855-0261       14.4k bps    º
º    Mogel-land                              (215)732-3413       14.4k bps    º
º    Lunatic Labs, Ltd.                      (213)655-0691       2400  bps    º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º     If you're interested in being a distribution site, contact KKK BBS.     º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼


