ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿      ฿฿฿ ฿฿฿฿ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ บ
บ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿         ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ บ
บ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿  ฿฿฿      ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ บ
บ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿      ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ บ
ฬอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออน
บ                Vaginal and Anal Secretions Newsletter #0024                 บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ          Date Released : [06/19/92]       Author: Cock Sucking Jizz Banger  บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ                           How To Make THE WORX Bomb                         บ
ำฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฝ

        Im sure all of you have read those textfiles that tell you how to make
real powerful bombs. Unfortunately, they all require a fucking degree in
chemistry, access to filogamium-tri-nitrohydrochloricpiss-3 or some weird
chemical they put in toothpaste or something. We here at VaS beleive we have
found the cheapest bang for your buck.
        All you need are 3 simple ingredients... 1: Liquid Works. This is
basically hydrochloric acid with a few other chemicals like LYE. 2: A plastic
pop bottle <any size from 16oz to 2 litre works fine - but for a mailbox size,
try the 1-litre bottles>. They MUST be plasic or they probably wont explode.
3: Aluminum Foil. Most likely you have all this shit at home already. If not,
Liquid Works costs about $1.50 a bottle at meijers, and one bottle will make
approx 7-10 bombs, depends on the size of bottles.
        If you know how to make a draino bomb, this is basically the same, but
we have found Liquid Works to be a better subsitute, cheaper, and much more
powerful. You take your bottle, put approx 10 small <just small enough to
fit in the mouth of the bottle> balls of crumpled aluminum foil in it. Then,
pour a few inches of liquid works in the bottle <be sure not to get any on
yourself, it burns>. Screw the cap on tightly, and you have about 3 minutes
before the thing explodes. When it does, it will spray a purplish-blackish
boiling liquid all over the place, so be far away when it happens. It will
blow up a mailbox if you make sure the door won't fly open.
        We put one of these in some kid's moped helmet in a parking structure,
and when we went back about an hour later we saw the rent-a-g's scoping out
the scene, along with a few people <possibly cops, i didn't really look that
hard> , so they are quite loud and powerful. Imagine a m80 or 2 going off at
once, and thats what you get.
        Anyhow have fun and dont blow your nuts off. Sorry these VaS files are
coming out soo slow lately, have been kinda busy.

ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ               For All The Latest VAS Files, Be Sure To Call :               บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ     Persistence Of Time BBS  2400 baud  (313)462-1906  NUP = T.MESS01    บ
ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ

