ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍËÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º                                º                                            º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ   ÜÛÛÛÛÜ   ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  º   Vaginal and Anal Secretions Newsletter   º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ÛÛß  ßÛÛ  ÛÛ    ßß  º                                            º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ÛÛÜÜÜÜÛÛ  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  º          Issue #129  - 5/6/1998            º
º  ßÛÛÜÜÛÛß  ÛÛßßßßÛÛ  ÜÜ    ÛÛ  º                                            º
º    ßÛÛß    ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛß  º   -[ Written By: Twisted Firestarter    ]- º
º                                º                                            º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄĞÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º            Let me hear ya say Fire it up: Live at the MSU riots             º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼
    Let me hear ya say fire it up, I yelled while throwing what was once part
of a wooden fence on the river st. fire.  The cops had just blanketed
nearby Cedar st. with teargas and were preparing to leave.  Somehow the tards
didn't notice us in their rush to get to whatever riot area was next for them.
It all started earlier that day when a notice was sent by e-mail to a large
number of students.  Recently the university banned alcohol at tailgating,
held on Munn Field.  The notice was for a protest against this to be held
later that night at Munn.  MSU and the city of East Lansing had been cracking
down on alcohol use and treating the students like shit since the beginning of
the school year.

    Upon arriving at Munn field, the protesters were greeted by police in
riot gear.  A few people who entered Munn field were immediately arrested for
trespassing.  This was total bullshit, since it is university property and we
have the right as paying students to be on university property.  It was
probably this action that turned the whole thing into a riot.  But then again,
the cops have been assholes to everyone since the beginning of fall semester.
You cant walk down the street here at night without getting hassled by the
cops.  Angry protesters turned and marched up the street towards our asshole
president's house.  The cops apparently tried to break up the crowd here, and
as a result, the riot started.  A small bonfire was lit in Grand River and
scores of students poured in from everywhere, attracted by the blaze.  It was
dying down when I got there, but by then the riots had spread everywhere.  If
you saw this on the news, they made it look a lot less worse than it really
was.  There might have been only 3000 students at the Grand River fire, but
fires were going throughout East Lansing.  A huge mob of students were moving
toward Gunson, a street were a smaller riot happened last fall.  I then saw
a towering inferno on Cedar street, nearby my apartments.  The fire itself
was just as big as the one on Grand River and almost as many people were
there.  The cops came and fired teargas.  We retreated and the pigs sprayed
out the fire with help from fire marshal bill.  Let me show ya Something!
They left to cheers of "Fuck the police" and "Protective Gear".  Another fire
was quickly set up 20 feet down from the original fire.  I got a bunch of
people to chant "Fire it up" as we tossed couches and wooden fences in the
blaze.

    The cops returned within a half an hour, and did the same thing.  When
they shot teargas at us, I kicked one of the canisters back at them.  The
idiots were downwind to begin with, but enough students scattered at the sight
of teargas for the cops to put the fire out.  While they were doing this me
and some other people decided to set a fire on nearby River street where it
runs into waters edge.  Looking around for stuff to burn, we tore a wooden
fence apart and stacked it in a pile.  Someone tossed down lighter fluid, but
we needed something more flammable than wood to get the fire started.  In
answer, someone launched a couch out of their third story apartment.  We
grabbed this and threw in onto the fire.  Now it was really starting up.  Some
idiot rolled a propane tank into the blaze, but someone else managed to get it
away before it exploded.  While this was happening, I was yelling "Let me hear
ya say Fire it up", and some dudes came out of nowhere with a wooden cart and
threw that on the fire.  We kept yelling shit like "We want Munn" and "Go
Green/Go White".  I ran back to Cedar and grabbed the teargas canister I
kicked at the cops and dropped it off at my apartment.  When I returned our
old friends the pigs were back.  They fired some teargas to get everyone to
back up.  The fire still burned.  The cops were waiting for the fire engine to
arrive, but the teargas cleared first and people returned to the fire.  I was
on the balcony at an apartment overlooking River.  The police were standing
back from the fire in a perfect square.  Someone on the balcony said they
looked like imperial stormtroopers and I started humming the imperial theme
really loudly.  The cop in charge pointed up at me and yelled something
through his Darth Vader suit.  I couldn't understand what the fuck he said and
responded with a D-X style crotch-chop and yelled "Suck It!".  This really
pissed the fucker off and he and two officers headed to the buildings door.
Some people in the doorway wouldn't let them in and got the pigs attention by
yelling shit at them.  While the officers were preoccupied, I yelled "Bumrush
those pigs!", and the cops retreated and took their shiny red fire engine with
them.

    We had saved our fire and won the first victory of the night.  Someone
decided to set another fire 50 feet away on Cedar and Waters Edge while the
cops were here.  Both fires were going strongly but the majority headed over
to the new fire.  Anything wood in the area was destroyed by Wolfpacks of
students hunting for more fuel.  This time, we also had an adequate supply
of couches and mattresses to really get the fire going.  It started to rain
heavily, but it did not effect the fire at all.  It was so large that anyone
standing near it was kept dry.  I spent the next two hours salvaging wood,
shouting shit with the crowd and burning all kinds of shit.  A few chicks
fronted like they were going to go topless but unfortunently didn't.  By the
time the pigs came back, dawn was breaking and everyone was tired and bored.
Rioting just isn't as fun without pigs to harass. We yelled and threw shit at
them for awhile and I got a bunch of people to do the D-X "Suck it" crotch
chop to the pigs.  They fired teargas, and everyone left to get some sleep or
food.  The last of the fires was put out at 8am.

    The presses handling of this thing really pisses me off.  First of all,
they dismiss it as a minor riot, claiming only 3000 people total were rioting,
and it only happened on Grand River.  The police estimates indicate a far
larger amount, and they seem to me to be accurate.  I would personally have
to say around 8000. There was rioting going on throughout the city, not just
at one place.  And of course, the media never talks to the students who were
involved in the riot, instead going to our "Student Leadership" who consist of
McPhearson's alterboys.  This is all a plot by McPhearson to make it look like
the rioters have nothing in common with the majority of students.  As one of
his lackeys put it, "they were a minority of a minority".  Anyone who looks
at the number of votes in the student elections can see who represents
a minority of a minority.  Student Leaders? These people do not even have
the power to lace their shoes without permission.  Not to mention that they
are puppets chasing a better resume anyways.  We need a real student leader,
hell we need a lot.  Someone who won't join puppet committees or mock
governments, but organize resistance to the city and university.

    It is no secret how we at VaS feel about the state news, MSU's own paper.
They are a group of incompetent morons who can never get a story correct,
making them perfect candidates for mainstream press.  For a Newspaper that
claims to be the independent voice of the students, they sure seemed to be
0wn3d.  They released a special issue and follow-up paper to cover the riots.
Nothing in either issue was positive towards students or the riots.  No
articles were pro-riot and no pro-riot letters were published.  They did
manage to get a more accurate report of the riots themselves despite their
idiocy.  I really don't understand them.  They praised the Gunson riots, when
they were nothing more than a bunch of drunks at an out of control party.
They condemn this riot, when it was primarily made up of very pissed off and
SOBER people.  I was out there and very few people were drunk.  You want
proof? Did any women go topless and let everyone grope them? Did anyone
ignore teargas because they couldn't feel it?  Teargas may burn the fuck out
of you while sober, but after 12-15 beers you ain't going to notice a damn
thing.  Further proof that the State News is OWNED.  It's about time we got
a decent paper here.

    Some of the shit written into the state news annoys the fuck out of me.
These pompous ass holier than thou hippie alumni are sitting here whining
about how we are protesting alcohol and not some lameass left-wing cause.  Well
fuck you.  We are out there protesting something that actually affects us,
instead of sticking our noses into other people's problems.  You assholes and
your Vietnam protests fucking destroyed the minds of many working class youths.
You were never going to be drafted, but you assholes sit there and call those
who have been babykillers and spit on them.  It was not the war that caused
so much Vietnam vet insanity, it was assholes like you back home.  Quite
frankly I do not give a shit about some locked up 3rd-world freedom fighter,
meat being murder or boycotting grapes because migrant workers picked them.
What I do care about is the fact that I can't go out on a Friday night without
getting interrogated, if not arrested.  Many other students and alumni
complained that rioting would only harm our cause more.  In case you idiots
haven't realized, McPhearson would not be doing anything different if the
riots hadn't occurred.  We are in a catch-22 situation here, fucked if we do,
fucked if we dont.  So, we might as well have some fun and get a bit of
revenge at the same time.  I am so sick of these religious right types who
feel the need to constantly preach there morality on everyone else.  It is
none of your fucking business what substances I put in my own body.  If you
have decided to live your life in misery for your god, you are a fool but it
is your right.  Just quit telling everyone else that they have to be miserable
too. Fuck you and your god.

    Now, I'm not talkin bout no revolution.  I don't want to be rioting, don't
want no demonstrations.  I want to have some fun.  I want to go out on the
weekend and get trashed.  I want to dance with some women.  I want to get
laid.  I want to socialize with my friends.  And this asshole wants to take
away our right to kick back after a long week of working.  All we want is to
be able to spend our weekends having a good time.  Fuck Munn, that is the
real reason why the riots happened.  McPhearson and East Lansing cracked down
hard upon alcohol after the Gunson incident, which in itself was a protest
against anti-alcohol policies.  This crackdown led to riots 20 times as big
as Gunson.  Now that fool is using this as an excuse to push even harder.
Moron, look at history, will you finally understand only when East Lansing is
in flames?

    Enough of this shit, I don't want to be stuck in my apartment all next
year because cops have roadblocks up on every street corner.  Lets settle
this issue.  I hereby challenge President McPhearson to a barbed wire,
stealcage deathmatch to determine the future of alcohol on this campus.
Anyone who wants to see VaS beat some fundamentalist ass, give me a Hell-Yeah!

ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º °°°°°°°°°°°°°°°° ]<-RaD Places To Find ALL The VaS Issues °°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°° º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º    VaS WWW HomePage                          http://www.sinnerz.com/vas/    º
º    VaS Productions(VaS hits film)       http://www.sinnerz.com/vas/film/    º
º    The Floating Pancreas WeB BBS                        www.infected.com    º
º    ftp.umich.archives.etext.edu                        in /pub/CuD/VaS      º
º    ftp.etext.org                                       in /pub/Zines/VaS    º
º    ftp.eff.org                              in /pub/Publications/CuD/Vas    º
º    ftp.dto.net                                         in /pub/zines/Vas    º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º    NE BBS's still around? Interested in being a dist site? Email us at      º
º                                vas@sinnerz.com                              º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼
(C)opywrite VaS. If YoU RiP ThIs OfF wE WiLL FuCk YoU uP!
[VaS] '98 - "We Want Munn!"


