ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออหออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ                                บ                                            บ
บ              บ   Vaginal and Anal Secretions Newsletter   บ
บ        ฿  ฿      ฿฿  บ                                            บ
บ          ฿  บ          Issue #92 - May 29, 1994          บ
บ  ฿฿  ฿฿฿฿        บ                                            บ
บ    ฿฿          ฿฿  บ    -[ Written By: Slymentra Hymestra ]-    บ
บ                                บ                                            บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤะฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ                           Beginner's Guide To LSD                           บ
ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ

        Welcome to another installment of VaS. Boldly moving on in 1994. Wow,
we sure have been around for a while eh? Amazing how long people will tolerate
a magazine that is as utterly pointless as this. Anyhow yes we are back
(again) and well, If you feel that you are capable of writing a decent issue
of VaS we would be glad to hear from ya. Just get in touch with Studmuffin
somehow (I suppose on one of our MANY support sites heh-heh) and let him know.
VaS is already an established group with no guidelines, once you write an
issue, you are a "member" for life, so to speak. Think of how k-rad all your
friends will think you are when you told them you wrote for one of the few
e-mags ever to reach that elusive 100 issues mark (Ok - so we're not QUITE
there yet, but very close). Anyhow, enough rhetoric, let us progress to the
fine article you expected.

        Okay, so ya lucked out and managed to find yourself a hit of acid (or
two or three or whatever). First of all, buying LSD can be a bit risky since
most of the acid floating around these days is extremely weak (75-150 mics per
dose). I personally like to pick up 3 or 4 hits at a time, this way you can
usually be assured of a fun trip even if the acid itself is not that strong.
This also assures that you should experience some mild hallucinations. If you
need to store these particular items for any length of time, I would strongly
suggest wrapping them in tin foil and placing them in your freezer as the lsd
will slowly deteriorate if exposed to air (don't ask me why - im a tripper not
a chemist). So anyhow here you are, taking your LSD. The best way to do this
is to simply place it on your tongue for about 10-15 minutes, then swallow it
(however if its really cheap, and not on blotter paper, it will turn to mush
in about 2 minutes so just swallow it then).
        Well, you have about half an hour to 45 minutes to take care of any
last minute details while still in a straight mind, or to get to wherever you
want to go (although I strongly discourage driving anywhere - especially far
away - because you may be in for a bit of a shock when you get bored in an
hour and really can't drive back). I usually take this time to hide all knives
and other dangerous objects that I may be prone to use on myself or others at
later times. This is not the time to realize that you have to be at grandma's
house in a couple of hours because you're gonna be pretty fucked by then. This
IS the time to make sure you have a trusty friend on his way over (trust me -
tripping out by yourself can REALLY suck, especially if you start to have a
bad trip). Anyhow, I'll let you figure out what you want to do here. If you're
hungry this is a good time to cook yourself something, you dont want to try
that later.
        Ok the time is approximately 1 hour after you took the acid. You
should definately be feeling a little strange. After about another half hour
to an hour everything will seem to take on a shiny look, the trees will
sparkle, everything will seem really nice. By this time you should be peaking
visually, so this is the time you will really enjoy the most. Here are a few
ideas of what you can do now to have fun:

        [1] Go to the park. Last time I tripped out, my girlfriend and I
            walked up to the local park after we took it, and started to trip
            right as we got to the park (about a 45 minute walk). This is fun
            on a sunny day, just looking at the clouds and trees, it sounds
            pretty lame, but it is really fun, you will see some interesting
            things in the clouds.

        [2] Go to the arcade. There are certain games that just become a
            million times better when you are on acid. Most of these will be
            the ones that you sit down in and they move around (like
            Afterburner), or the race car simulations can be rather fun.

        [3] Go to the supermarket. This may also sound stupid, but if you go
            to one of those huge, brightly lit supermarkets with mirrors all
            over the ceilings and such you will really have a fun time.
            Walking down the aisles and aisles of cans and jars really will
            blow your mind.

        [4] Go to an amusement park or a fair. But this is only if you are
            really feeling suicidal. This is better at night with all of the
            lights going around.

        [5] Its always fun to go to the fireworks displays while tripping,
            they always provide maximum visual pleasure. I would not advise
            setting off your own fireworks though, it could have some
            unpleasant results.

        [6] Go to an 'alternative' dance club. I have found a few in the
            Detroit area that are a real treat to go to on acid (most are open
            very late). The lights and loud music might drive you insane,
            but it will be fun and you can also score some females.

        [7] If it's in the winter, go sledding. This can be really scary,
            because unlike the amusement park, you aren't on a track and
            could end up with a tree impaled in your face. If there aren't
            any decent hills around your house, try a golf course, they
            usually will have a decent man-made one or two somewhere.

        [8] Sit down with some art supplies and just start drawing things.
            Its fun to draw things while trippin and then look at them the
            next day, I used to paint a lot (until I somehow ate half a tube
            of paint) and you can have some real fun mixing the colors. Be
            sure to use lots of bright colors - they are the most fun.

        [9] And if all else fails, sit down in front of your computer and
            write an issue for VaS. When you are tripping, you can really
            write some amazing things.

        Well anyhow those are some basic suggestions for your visual peak.
Anywhere from 1 to 8 hours later this sensation will wear off, and you will
find yourself instead having very strange thoughts that you won't understand.
This is quite normal. Sometimes it can be fun to talk into a tape recorder - I
once made up some story about "tree people" when my friend was driving me
around - these things just come to your head and you will actually make sense,
in a strange sort of way. This also is usually the part where you want to go
to bed because you are tired and you can't. This can really suck, I have had
times where I was still up at 8am , not hallucinating, just sitting there
bored like I have never been before unable to even comprehend what sleeping
is. You may also feel a bit ill. These factors depend on the amount of
methamphetamines and strychnine (yes, rat poison) that have been cut into the
acid. I have only thrown up on acid once, and that was enough. After puking my
guts out into the toilet (or so i thought) my puddle of vomit proceeded to
smile at me and start laughing at me. As long as you dont mix alcohol with lsd
you should be relatively safe though.
        Now it's the next day. You didn't get any sleep last night and you are
feeling totally drained of all thought & energy. This is quite normal. You
will need a day or two of rest to rejuvinate your body. If you really enjoyed
your trip, you really need to wait several days before doing it again. For
some reason, if you take 2 hits one day, it will take 4 hits the next day to
get an equal effect. Generally, the longer you wait between trips, the more
intense they are.
        As for flashbacks, I used to get them when i took 3 or 4 hits every
other day, but they aren't anything that I would consider "bad". You will just
be sitting there staring at your ceiling and it just may start starting back
at you for a few moments and you will get that strange metallic taste in your
mouth like you did when you first took the lsd. There are many theories as to
what causes flashbacks - I think it's just your body's way of saying "hey,
remembere this? Lets do it again".
        Well, thats about all the basic information I can give you on this
subject. Hopefully you will find this information useful, it is based on
several years of experience. This way you can impress all your "lsd virgin"
friends with your knowledge of how to trip. And if you already trip a lot you
probably know all this and are sorry you wasted a download credit getting this
file. So have fun on your trips, If you have a really interesting one write it
down and send it to us, I'm sure it would make a better VaS issue then this!

ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ          To Find The Latest VaS Issues, Try One Of These Systems:           บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ Runway 21 Center               (313)420-4001               Diabolic Phantom บ
ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
.
