ษออออออออออออออออออออออหออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ ฿      ฿฿฿ ฿฿฿฿ บ                                                      บ
บ ฤ ฿         บ          Vaginal and Anal Secretions Digest          บ
บ ฤฤฤ ฿  ฿฿฿      บ         Issue #87 - Released: August 13, 1993        บ
บ ฤฤฤฤฤ ฿      บ                                                      บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤะฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ                           The Frat System Sucks                             บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤยฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ Author: Klaxon                      ณ Official Size: 4,192 bytes            บ
ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออฯอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ

    After attending school for a year, I've decided to write about something
    that really bugs me.  The fraternity system.

    Zeta Beta Tau...  There is a song about them. ahaah.. If you've ever
    known anyone in Zeta Beta Tau, laugh at them.

    The song goes like this:

    At a half past six
    I was brewin' up some tea
    when I got a call from a ZBT

    Ya wanna join ZBT?
    Ya wanna join ZBT?
    I just wanna drink my tea.

    I saw some chick
    gettin mad
    throwin her Q (40 oz) at a ZBT

    I don't do ZBT
    I don't do ZBT
    I just wanna drink my Q

    My rooomie got hit by a ZBT
    Late night volleyball
    That's the key

    Ya better join ZBT
    Ya better join ZBT
    I ain't no ZBT

     There ain't nothing funnier than watching a girl break her 40 ounce
  on a ZBT's head.

     I think the whole fraternity system blows.  I've known several people
     who have watched friends melt away as they join a frat.  They become
     frat freaks; living, eating, and breathing fraternity brothers.
     Brotherhood?  "Will you please clean the piss of the toilet, oh
     brother?"

     Let's look at the positive aspects of fraternities:

     - Segregation (Segregates people who would join frats)

     Lemme think some more and I'll get back to you on that one.

     As we roll into 1994, let's not forget about individuality.  I mean,
     come on.  Does the fraternity system really accomplish anything?  I
     don't know.  Does this mean we should abolish the frats?  Who knows
     what should happen.

     By the way.  If I get around to it, maybe I'll print out the entire
     greek alphabet so we can get together and think of ways to positively
     influence society.  (What?  Frats do good things?  Like what?!?!?!)

     If anyone wants to be in a PRIVATE frat, please write

     Alpha Nu Sig Pi Zeta Tau Gamma Ray Sigma Nu Alpha Beta Ti.

     That would be something like ANSPZTGRSNABT <---- Transferred to the
     greek system, who knows?!!?

     Anyway, write to

        Alpha Nu Sig Pi Zeta Tau Gamma Ray Sigma Nu Alpa Beta Ti
                       The White House
                       Washington D.C.

         ....  Goin down the road with a ZBT, I got guys in the front,
         I got guys in the back, I got GUYS.  Yes that's GUYS.  We got
         GUYS!

         To a gay frat, I suppose that would be phun.  <g>


                   ฤฤฤอออออ[ VaS DiSTRiBuTioN SiTeS ]อออออฤฤฤ
ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ  BBS Name                 Number       Baud   Sysop                Title    บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ  Urban Discipline     (313)464-1470    14.4   Studmuffin          World HQ  บ
วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ
บ              And To Reach us Via U.S. Mail, Send Letters To:                บ
บ                           VaS World Headquarters                            บ
บ                              P.O. Box  530768                               บ
บ                              Livonia,MI 48153                               บ
ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
.
