ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍËÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º                                º                                            º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ   ÜÛÛÛÛÜ   ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  º   Vaginal and Anal Secretions Newsletter   º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ÛÛß  ßÛÛ  ÛÛ    ßß  º                                            º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ÛÛÜÜÜÜÛÛ  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  º          Issue #107  - 6/14/1995           º
º  ßÛÛÜÜÛÛß  ÛÛßßßßÛÛ  ÜÜ    ÛÛ  º                                            º
º    ßÛÛß    ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛß  º          -[ Written By: TPP              ]-º
º                                º          -[ Raiding By: N0kTuRnuS        ]-º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄĞÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º                             Field Phreaking                                 º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼
    Field Phreaking is one of the most important aspects of phreaking. This is
 where you can gain the most information and do whatever you want phone-wise
 with minimal risk of getting caught. Parden me if i fuck up, i have just 
 drunk a 1/5 of Whiskey so i am starting to get a bit fucked. Anyways, first 
 i will talk about how to get together a field phreaking kit and then talk 
 about field phreaking itself.

 Field Phreaking Kit
 -------------------

   Beige Box
   ---------
    This is the most important Item as it allows you to make calls from other
    peoples phone lines. They are easily made by taking a modular jack and 
    stripping the red and green wires and adding alligator clips to them..
    Try to use red and green alligator clips because the color is important.
    I personally managed to get ahold of a Tone Test Set Model 140b/MC which
    can be used as a beige box, plux it has a k-rad switch that can send a 
    siren like tone over the line. The stupid Ameritech linesman dropped it 
    when he was adding a new phone line to my house. Well, anyway, attach the 
    red alligator clip to the red wire, green to green.. Remember, no matter 
    what system, Red= right, green=ground.. Also, don't be a dumbass and 
    attach the clips to the plastic insulator, it has to touch the METAL
    wire..

   Skrewdriver
   -----------
    In Michigan they have replaced a hex bolt with a screw on most cans. The
    Screw on these does not go all the way out, so don't worry, i am not sure
    if this is the same in other states, but a screwdriver is a lot easier to
    get than hex wrenches. Oh, yeah, it's a philips head.

   Hex Wrenches
   ------------
    These are usefull on most cans. They are still used in Michigan on some
    cans and they are needed to access some parts of the newer screwed cans.
    You don't need one of these to beige box tho.

   MicroCassette recorder
   ----------------------
    These generally cost around 30-40 bux but are worth it. In addition to 
    being able to record pranks, you can also use it as a redbox (see below).
    You should record every conversation as it could suddenly turn into good
    prank material or you may be able to social engineer something. Having a
    recording is a lot easier than memorizing and you usually don't have 
    enough time to write something down. Remember to put the microphone by
    the ear part of the phone on Hi Sensitivity. If you are for some reason
    doing this during the day keep it on Low Sensitivity.
    
   Red Box
   -------
    Basically, this is anything that can generate quarter and/or dime or
    nickle tones. You can record tones from quarter.voc or quarter.wav onto
    your microcassette or build one out of electric parts. There are many 
    textfiles out there describing how to build all kinds of them, so i will
    get on with it. If you have Ameritech or Pacific Bell as your RBOC these
    will not work until after the call has connected. You can also try to
    fool an operator by dialing 0 first but they usually just tell me to try
    another payphone. It's easier just to look up peoples names in the
    yellow pages and trying to 3rd party bill them.

   Laptop
   ------
    This is only needed if you are going to call bbs's or TDD. You might be
    able to monitor someone elses bbs through a beige box, but i have not
    tried this. Only take this along when you know you are going to need it.
    And don't bring it if you are going raiding or trashing. They are good to
    bring along for hacking because you can break into any computer without
    getting caught.

   Smoke Bombs
   -----------
    Make these out of the 6 parts sugar and 4 parts Potassium nitrate recipe.
    You can get potassium nitrate as Stump Remover. This smoke bomb will 
    produce shitloads of smoke. 1/2 a pound is more then enough to be able to
    get away from any pigs that might somehow show up.

   Bell Hard Hats and Uniforms
   ---------------------------
    You can grab these out of Telco Vans during a raid. With them you can
    beige box during the day or night without anyone bothering you, shooting
    at you or calling the pigs on you. When people see one of those helmets,
    they don't think anything of it. Even though there isn't a bell van in 
    sight. 

   Gloves
   ------
    Get some nice leather gloves in case you are going on a raid. 

   .44
   ---
    Now you might ask "what the fuck do i need a .44 for?". Say some fucking
    person decides to come out and bitch at you or calls the cops on you 
    for using there phoneline. Well fuck them, you've just spent all this
    time making a field phreaking kit and now there going to try to fucking 
    confiscate it. Fuck them.
    
   1 Litre Absolute Citron
   -----------------------
    Trust me, you need this.

 Field Phreaking
 ---------------

   Beige Boxing
   ------------
    Around here there are several kinds of cans. The main ones you will run
    into are Telephone Interface Consoles. These are found on the sides of
    most houses and in residential areas. They have one door on the front 
    which opens with a phillips head skrewdriver. When you open this up, there
    are a bunch of little boxes that you can pull open. These will usually
    have the phone number on them. Pull one of these open and clip the green
    wire to the ground and the red wire to the red wire. Now you should get
    a dial tone. You can open up the whole box with a hex wrench. Look on the
    right back side for the bolt. Once you have done that you have total access
    to there box. If you are there to cause harm to an enemy, you can connect
    the red and green wires somehow, or tie them together. This will give them 
    a constant busy signal until they can get a lineman to come out and fix it
    or you could just cut them up. Other cans in commercial or store areas
    are simular but open with a hex wrench. On these remember that red goes to
    the right, as not all are color coded.

   Red Boxing
   ----------
    You can use a Red Box to harrass people and operators through payphones
    and stuff. Just use this to get free calls..

   Trashing
   --------
    Trashing is going through Ma Bells trash looking for important documents.
    Usually 95% of Bells garbage is paper, so it isn't as bad as it sounds.
    Nevertheless, wear old clothes when trashing. Some Switching Stations
    have Video Cameras on the trash dumpsters, so either wear a mask or 
    destroy the Cameras. And if you see a large dump truck coming get out of
    there, because if you don't it will dump you into it and you will get 
    crushed by tons of Philipino goat shit and that is not good. Throw all the
    stuff into a large duffle bag. You can combine this with a raid if you 
    think you have enough time.

   Raiding
   -------
    Nokturnus wrote an article on this, so i'll just add it.

        Ma-bell blows.  Its as simple as that. These fucking criminal bastards
 rip us off Hard Core, Especially the muther fuckers at Pacific Bell.  An
 example of how retarded these fools are: It costs less to call fucking TEXAS
 then it does to call another califorina Area Code, such as 619.  How anybody
 could stand this type of bullshit is Beyond me.  Welps, in this Issue of vAs
 I will Describe the proper method of taking down an Office, Switching Station
 or what ever.

        First off, Some things you will Need: GLOVES! THese are the
 Most IMPORTANT item in anyones Repretoire(Ooh SnazZy VocabUlaRy).  Get
 a GOOD pair, Not some cheap pieces of Tiwainese filth made out
 of Wombat hide, but a Nice pair of Leathers. You Will Also Need a
 vehicle(NO, not your Valterra Skateboard, duh), Mini-Vans, or a Full
 size Van being best, but any car will do in a pinch.  A Crowbar, or
 wreaking bar, Screwdirvers, Both Philips and Flat head. An Old Flannel
 Shirt, or another Rag, Needle Nose Pliers, and Wire Cutters.  I also
 Suggest you take along a pair of bolt Cutters, 18' perferably, and a
 slim jim, if you have access to one, but this is by no means Nessecary.

        Next You'll need a Plan.  Most bell offices in MY area Have a
 group of Three port-o Buildings, and a Switching Office.  The Port-o
 Buildings usually don't have alarm systems, But I have ran into a couple
 that did so be sure and check, around windows and doors.  There are Two
 ways into these cheap buildings, One being through the Door, using the
 Wrecking Bar (FORCE iT), or unless you are a Mondo-L0ckpicking stud,
 this is the best method.  I've Personally tried Credit cards, but we had
 to fuck with them for too Long before they would open, providing a greater
 chance for us to be spotted.  Have one Man on Look Out, While Two of You
 Force the Door, and GRAB all the Good shit, Ie. Fax Machines, Computer
 Equipment, KEYS!, and Handsets, etc. this should take less than 5 minutes.
 BE QUICK!

        The Second way is through the Window, This is a  Tad quicker, but it
 makes allot more noise.  Cover the End of the Bar with The Flannel, and
 Smash away!  ALSO: if you have time, dig though the Desks, You'll get
 all sorts of cool info, Passwords, Loops, etc.

         Next, send the Number Three man, The GRUNT(New Dood) to get the
 vehicle You, and The Third person, should then bust Into the VANS, or Little
 Tow Vehicles, And Steal all the Shit, Or Steal the Vehicle, if you didn't
 bring one yourself. NOTE, unless you  have a Slim Jim, Pass the vans
 up, cuz those WINDOWS are impossible to BREAK! steal anything of value.

        WHen your bud pulls up in the car, Stick all the shit you ripped
 off in it then, CUT the POwer to the airconditioners, so they get a Nasty
 Suprise in the morning, and Force the switching  office door open.
 Run in there, if you have limited time I.e. you've been there more then
 15 minutes, Just take the wrecking bar to the equipment,
 and Take the Terminals. If you have time, Take as much
 as you can get, again, it should take only 5 minutes. (WARNING:
 The Swithcing OFFICE ALWAYS HAS ALARMS!, USE CAUTION!)

        On the Way out of the Office Area, Steal their Mail, You might get
 Lucky!

 Notes:  Usually, the Front gate isn't locked, even at 2 am, but bring
         the bolt cutters just in case.
         Plan Ahead, Case the joint a week in Advance.
         Make sure the Vehicle Liscense plate is covered.
         If there is a Bell car there, IGNORE it, the vans
         have all the stuff in them.
         LOOK out for Micro terminals, these are the Best things
         they've got.
         Either Keep the shit, or sell it off Under a Fake account.

   And, once again, it's time for my disclaimer: I Claim that all the herein
 describes the illegal and immoral methods of the aforestated topic.  Any
 resemblence, applied or real, to any living or dead person is purely
 coincidence, but if it occures, please leave me mail with his name, address,
 DOB, SSN, Visa and MC Numbers, and any other pertainant information.  I take
 full responsibility for any illegal use found herein, but none of those found
 hereout.  Please do not continue unless you are breathing and have some
 idea of what this file applies towards the herein title of the predescribed
 person.  Thank you for your time.
   Nocturnus [vAs] '92 <-- loOk aT thIs CoOl thiNg i sTolE frOm nUKe, heh.

        Stuff in the works: COMPLEAT guide to auto burglary (It will be done
        soon! I SWEAR!)
                            complete guide to fag bashing
                            Checking scams, and keeping your system
                            r0d3nt free.

   Pranking
   --------
    I don't need to describe this. You can prank anyone by using a beige box
    or red box. Make recordings of pranking the jewish national front and
    sell the tape for $$$!

    Well that is really all there is to it. Have fun, and FUCK AMERITECH!
    Shit did i forget something?
ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º °°°°°°°°°°°°°°°° ]<-RaD Places To Find ALL The VaS Issues °°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°° º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º    DaDDy HiLL HoUsE                 WHQ    (810)348-0421       14.4k bps    º
º    The Terrorist's Playground              (404)394-3080       14.4k bps    º
º    Goat Blowers Annonymous                 (215)750-0392       14.4k bps    º
º    Lunatic Labs, Ltd.                      (213)655-0691       2400  bps    º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º    CaLL dA VaS VMB - (313)605-1016   /\  aH GoT JaNe - (313)438-0390        º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º     If you're interested in being a distribution site, contact KKK BBS.     º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼
[VaS] 95' - "We're Gonna take the world!, We will never die!"
(C)opywrite If YoU RiP ThIs OfF wE WiLL FuCk YoU uP!
