ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍËÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º ßÜ     Û ÛßßßÛ Ûßßßß º                                                      º
º Ä ßÜ   Û Û   Û ÛÜÜÜÜ º          Vaginal and Anal Secretions Digest          º
º ÄÄÄ ßÜ Û ÛßßßÛ     Û º         Issue #88 - Released: August 16, 1993        º
º ÄÄÄÄÄ ßÛ Û   Û ÜÜÜÜÛ º                                                      º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄĞÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º                        A Guide To The Cthulu Mythos                         º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º Author: The Psychotic Pyrotic       ³ Official Size: 28,286 Bytes           º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÏÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼

    You have all heard shit about satanism and demonology, well there pussy
 religions compared to these cults. Well enough of the bullshit, here it is..

Outer Gods, Eldar gods and other gods-

    The other gods are the rulers of the universe and only nyarlathotep has
 anything to do with humans. He is the messanger and soul of the other gods
 and makes sure there needs are met. Azathoth, the daemon sultan is the ruler
 of the other gods who lives in the center of the universe. Yog-sothoth is
 as powerful as azathoth yet lives in another dimension. The majority of the
 other gods are mindless. Worshippers gain only madness from them.
    The Eldar gods is a group of gods neutral to or opposed to the other gods.
 They have less contact with us than the other gods do. Only two eldar gods
 are named, They are Nodens and bast. All of these gods are known as the outer
 gods.

 Here are the known Gods.

 ----- Abhoth, Source of uncleanness -----

    Abhoth is a huge pool of gray matter many yards long. It constantly
 bubbles and creates new arms, mouthes and psuedopods. Monsters often form
 from it, but abhoth grabs and consumes many of them before they escape. It
 has no human worshippers but it's own spawn may worship it. It is possible
 that the dark caverns which it lives in are part of N'kai.

 ----- Azathoth, The Daemon Sultan -----

    Azathoth is the ruler of the outer gods and has existed since the universe
 began. He lives in the center of the universe where it's amphorus body dances
 mindlessly to the music of a flute. He is surrounded by 1-9 lesser outer gods.

WARNING- Do not summon under any circumstances! He leveled a siberian town
 when some idiot called him. He does not give a shit wether you are a
 worshipper or not.

 ----- Bast, Goddess of Cats -----

    Bast's common form is a woman with the head and clawed hands of a cat. She
 is one of the minor Eldar gods. Apparently she only controls the cats on
 earth. Her cult existed in Egypt and Rome but has died out among humans.

 ----- Daolith, Render of the veils -----

    Daoliths form is such that the human eye cannot trace it's pattern, so
 those who view him quickly become insane. If he is not held inside the
 boundary of the eldar sign, he will expand. Anyone caught in his expansions
 is sent to far away worlds and other dimmensions. His priests are able to
 see into the future and the past. They also gain the power to enter other
 dimensions. As an outer god, he dosen't have to many human worshippers. He is
 mainly worshipped on the planet Yuggoth.

 ----- Nodens, Lord of the great abyss -----

    Nodens takes the form of a normal human with a gray beard. He often helps
 humans who have been pursued and attacked by the great old ones or the other
 gods. Nodens is worshipped by the horrible beings known as nightgaunts.

 ----- Nyarlathotep, the Crawling Chaos -----

    Nyarlathotep is the messanger and soul of the other gods. He is the only
 one who isn't mindless. He is said to have a thosand different forms. His
 known forms are an Egyptian human, An enormous monster with clawed hands and
 feet with a large red tentacle instead of a face and a black winged monster
 with a tri-lobed eye which cannot stand light at all. The "Black Man" of
 witch ceremonies is said to be a form of nyarlathotep. He enacts the will of
 the other gods, so he is called there soul. He is always trying to bring
 madness and death to humankind. Several prophecys state that someday he may
 even destroy the planet. Those worshipping the outer gods are hoping to gain
 Nyarloteps favor as none of the others would care. Nyarlathotep will give
 loyal worshippers spells, destructive scientific knowledge(such as the
 A-bomb) or a Monster. His gifts usually cause destruction to other humans
 and occasionally to his worshipper.

 ----- Shub-Niggurath, The black goat of the woods with a thosand young -----

    Shub-Niggurath is a goddess of fertility. She is said to be a giant cloudy
 mass with tentacles and acid dripping mouthes wriggling in and out of it.
 Unlike most of the outer gods, she is worshipped in Cults instead of by lone
 madmen. She is also worshipped by the druids. Sometimes, she will give a
 favored worshipper one of her dark young.

*- Not to be confused with Shub-Niggerith

 ----- Yog-Sothoth, the All in One -----

    Yog Sothoth dwells in another plane. He occasionly comes to this universe
 to feast on it's inhabitants. He appears as a conglomeration of irredesent
 globes which are always moving and changing. Yog sothoth is coterminous with
 time and space, so he can travel between dimensions and planes at will. He
 is the god of wizards and sorcerers. They gain the power to travel to other
 planes and other times.

The Great Old Ones-

    Under the outer gods in power, yet not importance are the Great Old ones.
 They are a race of alien beings who each differ from each other. The great
 old ones are worshipped more frequently than the outer gods and often, whole
 races worship em. Most of the old ones on earth are imprisoned in some way.
 Cthulu, the most famous old one, is dead in the sunken city of Ry'leh but as
 abdul al'hazred said in the necro-cromican...

           That is not dead which can eternal lie,
           And with strange eons even death may die.

 When the stars are right, Ry'leh will rise again and the Old ones will be
 free.

 Here are The Known Old Ones-

 ----- Atlach-Nacha -----

    Atlach-Nacha is a huge hairy spider with red eyes. He lives in a deep cave
 where he spends eternitiy spinning a giant web to cross a deep chasm. It is
 said the world will come to an end when he finishes. He is worshipped by all
 spiders.

 ----- Cthuga -----

    Cthuhga is a gigantic burning mass, resembling a sun. He dwells near the
 star fomalhaut. Cthuga is served by the entities known as fire vampires. He
 has no known cult among humans.

 ----- Cthulu -----

    Cthulu is in a state of living death in the sunken city of R'lyeh. Someday
 the city will rise and Cthulu will be free. He is a giant humanoid with
 an octopus like head. He has 100's of tentacles coming out of his mouth
 and each of his hands have huge claws. He also has wings on his back. Cthulu
 can change the size of his different body parts whenever he wants. Like
 making his wings bigger, and his body smaller to fly. He is the most powerful
 and most worshipped old one.

 ----- Cyaegha -----

    Cyaegha is a large eye surrounded by masses of tentacles. He is worshipped
 by a cult somewhere in West Germany. The cult has human sacrifice.

 ----- Ghatanothoa -----

    Ghatanorhoa is a large mass of tentacles mouths, and other body parts.
 Those who worship him do so to prevent there own destruction. Anyone who
 views him will suffer his curse. There flesh will harden to bone. The only
 way to end the curse is for someone to smash there brain, which kills them.
 He dwelled in a volcano on the island of Mu, which is now underwater. It is
 supposedly sunk by the Eldar gods.

 ----- Glakki -----

    Glakki has an oval body with spines sticking out like a porcupine. In the
 center of his body he has a huge mouth and three eyestalks coming out of the
 top of him. He lives in a lake in New England. At night he uses a dream-pull
 to bring people to the lake. Once they get there, he drives a spine through
 them and they become a member of his undead cult.

 ----- Haster, the unspeakable, He who is not to be named -----

    Hasters apperance is unknown. His Cult is very common on earth. It is said
 he is worshipped by the Tcho-tcho people. Haster lives near the star
 aldebaron in the constalation Tauras. He is connected to the Lake of Hali and
 the yellow sign.

 ----- Ithaqua, the Windwalker, the Wendigo -----

    Ithaqua was discovered in Northern North America by the indians. He is the
 wind itself. He will pick up travelers in his claws, cut em up and drop them
 from great heights. His cult is small but many fear him in Alaska and Siberia.

 ----- Nyogtha, The thing that Should Not Be -----

    Nyoghta is a blob of living darkness who can form tentacles and pseudopods.
 He lives in a deep cave which might be part of N'kai.

 ----- Shudde M'ell, The Burrower Beneath -----

    Shudde M'ell is the largest of the Chthonians. He and the other chthonians
 have been worshipped by cave men and some druids. He does not have a modern
 cult.

 ----- Tsathoggua -----

    Tsathoggua dwells in the black caves of N'Kai, where he first arrived on
 earth from Saturn. He usually has a fat furry body with a toadlike head with
 bat ears covered with fur. It is said he can change his shape though.
 Tsathoggua was worshipped by furry-subhumans a long time ago. Today he is
 worshipped by mages and his formless spawn.

 ----- Y'golonac -----

    Y'golonac is a bloated, Glowing, Headless fiqure that dwells underground
 in a ruin  behind a wall of bricks. He has mouths in the palms of his hands
 with big sharp pointy teeth. Y'golonac is trying to get a cult at the moment.
 He wishes to find someone super fuckin evil and mutate him into a high priest.

 ----- Yig, Father of Serpants -----

    Yigs form is that of a scaly strongman with a giant snake head. He is
 widely worshipped in North America by voodoo doctors, amerinds and by serpant
 people. He may somehow be connected to Quetzalcoatl. His worshippers gain
 immunity to poisoness snakes, the ability to talk to snakes and spells and
 shit. If a worshipper ever betrays him or an outsider harms his cult, he will
 send a sacred snake to kill them. The snake is always the largest of it's
 species and will have a White cresent mark on the top of there heads. No
 anti-toxin will help you if you are bitten by a sacred snake of Yig. You will
 die.

 ----- Zhar, the Twin Obscenity -----

    Zhar is a living mass of quivering flesh and tentacles. He is connected
 to another identicle old one through long expances of tentacles. He is buried
 in a dead city beneath the Plateua of sung in china. Zhar is worshipped by
 the Tcho-Tcho People.

 ----- Zoth-ommog -----

    Zoth-Ommog has a cone shaped body with a lizard like head right on the
 top. There are snakelike tentacles growing out of the back of it's head. At
 the base of the neck for Starfish like arms reach out in different directions.
 Zoth-ommog is buried in R'lyeh with Cthulu and the others. He may be
 worshipped by the deep ones.

Monsters and Alien Races-

    Here they are

 ----- Byakhee -----

    Byakhee are hybrid flying creatures who serve Haster. They are capable of
 flying through space and are even able to carry a rider.

 ----- Chthonians -----

    Chthonians are immense squid like organisms with a long worm-like body
 covered with slime. The chthonians are a race of powerful burrowing entitys
 led by the infamous Shudde M'ell. They have a complex life cycle, lasting
 over a thosand years. Because of this, they tend to look after there young
 in the early stages. Chthonian eggs resemble circular rock formations, the
 shell is 2-3 inches thick. They are able to communicate using telepathy and
 have contacted humans before. Cthonians are also able to withstand great heat
 (7200 degrees F), Yet they cannot be immersed in water for any length of time.
 All Chthonians are able to create earthquakes. They will usually band
 together to create larger quakes though.

 ----- Dark young of Shub-Niggurath -----

    The Dark young are enormous writhing masses of black tentacles. At the
 end of the "legs" there are goatlike hooves. Large tentacles come out at
 the top. The dark young resemble trees standing 12 to 20 ft tall. They are
 said to smell like dead rotting corpses.. yumm

 ----- Deep Ones -----

    Deep ones are a race of Fish-Frogmen. They are amphibious, but all of
 there citys are underwater. They do not dwell in freshwater. The Deep ones
 are the servants of Cthulu and are lead by Two Deep ones called Father Dagon
 And mother hydra, Deep ones who have grown to over 20 ft. tall. Deep ones
 have been worshipped by humans because deep ones live forever and worshippers
 will fuck deep ones and there kids will be imortal. But the deep one/human
 hybrid is one ugly mudda fucka and he/she will turn into a deep one between
 the age of 20-40.

 ----- Dholes -----

    Dholes are gigantic huge worms. The fuckers can swallow tanks easily. None
 exist on earth but they have conquered alien worlds.

 ----- Dimensional Shamblers -----

    Dimensional Shamblers are Ape-insect creatures. They freely travel between
 worlds, universes and planes. They can plane shift at will. Other than this,
 nothing is known about them.

 ----- Eldar Things -----

    The Eldar things came to earth hundreds of millions of years ago and
 accidently started life on this planet. There form is too strange to describe
 here, so buy one of the books i will list below. They created the deadly
 shoggoths to serve as slaves. Eventually Wars with other races and a shoggoth
 revolt eliminated all but a few of the Eldar things. They still have a city
 under a glacier in Antarctica. They may also have underwater citys.

 ----- Fire Vampires -----

    Fire Vampires are a race of intellegent Plasma who serve the old one,
 Cthuga. They dwell near the star fomalhaut like cthuga. Anything they touch
 is caught on fire.

 ----- Flying Polyps -----

    This race is a polypous like slime creature thing. They are able to fly
 but don't have any wings. The Flying Polyps Came to earth about six hundred
 million years ago. They also had colonys on three other planets in the solar
 system at the time. The polyps build high, windowless basalt towers. After a
 while they were forced back into dark caves by the great race of yith. They
 eventually anihilated the yithians present bodies. They still dwell in there
 caverns and like it there. The Flying polyps are able to control the wind
 to make a "windblast". Victims of the windblast have the flesh stripped from
 there bones, there skin dehydraded and wind-burned and blown backwards a few
 yards.. cool, eh. Yep have fun.

 ----- Formless spawn of Tsathoggua -----

    "When the men of K'n-Yan went down into N'kai's black abyss with there
 great atom-power searchlights, they found living things - living things that
 oozed along stone channels and worshipped onyx and basalt images of
 Tsathoggua. But they were not toads like Tsathoggua himself. Far worse - they
 were amorphus lumps of vicous black slime that temporary took shapes for
 various purposes. The Explorers of N'k-Yan did not pause for detailed
 observations , and those who escaped alive sealed the passage"
         The Mound, H.P. Lovecraft

 ----- Ghasts -----

    Ghasts are Undead humanoid cretures. They lack a nose or a forehead. Ghasts
 have a great sense of smell and there eyes glow reddish-yellow. If exposed
 to sunlight they will wither up and die. They all live in deep caverns. All
 ghasts are cannabalistic and will eat each other.

 ----- Ghouls -----

    Ghouls are another undead humanoid race. They tend to look more humanlike
 than ghasts, but they have goat-hooved feet, claws and doglike fangs. They
 are often covered with grave mold. Ghouls live in tunnels under citys and
 in caverns. They are tied to witchs and will attack humans.

 ----- Servants of Glakki -----

    Servants of Glakki are undead creatures created by Glakki's spines. They
 look like traditional movie zombies. They are one with Glakki, yet can
 perform individual actions. After about 6 decades they get Green Decay and
 die.

 ----- Gnoph-Keh -----

     Gnoph-Keh are a race of lion-rhinos with 6 legs. They are associated with
 the wendigo and will only be found in the arctic regions of the world. Only
 1 Gnoph-keh will be found at a time. They are able to create a small blizzard.

 ----- Great Race of Yith -----

    The Yithians are 10 ft tall cone shaped beings. At the top of the cones,
 there are 4 tentacle like arms. Two of these end in lobster like pincers, one
 ends in 4 trumpet shaped things and the other ends in a head three gigantic
 eyes on it. The base of the cone is 10 ft long. They are a race of mental
 entitys who, while fleeing there planets destruction, came to earth and took
 over the bodys of the cone shaped beings being eaten by the flying polyps.
 They locked the polyps in dark caves. The race lived from 3 to 4 hundred
 million years ago to 50 million years ago, when they were exterminated by the
 flying polyps. The minds of the yithians sensed there destruction and moved
 forward in time to and intelligent beetle like race to succeed mankind. They
 reproduce by spores, but they don't reproduce that much due to there long
 lifespan (5,000 years). The Yithians are able to send there minds forwards
 and backwards in time, and they have been known to exchange bodys with humans
 for a short time. These humans are treated good by the great race and are
 allowed to explore the continent. When the time comes to send them back, the
 humans memorys of the trip are erased. There is said to be a cult on earth
 which aids members of the great race who have time-traveled here in exchange
 for there superier technological knowledge.

 ----- Gugs -----

    Gugs are giant underground monsters. They have two clawed forearms attached
 to each elbow. The mouth runs up and down the center of its face with it's
 two eyes on eyestalks sticking out of the sides of it's head.

 ----- Hound of Tindalos -----

    Hounds of Tindalos Are dogs of slime who dwelled on earth When it began.
 They will travel through time to find victems. These people will be attacked
 by the hound repeatedly until they drive it away or it eats there soul.
 Hounds cannot be harmed by normal weapons.

 ----- Hunting Horrors -----

    Hunting Horrors are long black serpants with batlike wings. They are used
 by the outer gods to capture people in there tail. A Strong burst of light
 will turn them to dust.

 ----- Lloigor -----

    Lioigor are beings of pure energy. Occasionally they will take the form
 of a dragon. There Brain dosen't have different layers of conscious(like
 imagination and sub-consious) so they are pessimists. The Lloigor came from
 the andromeda galaxy and started there city on the now sunken Continent of
 Ry'leh. They drain energy from sleeping humans to survive. All present day
 Lloigors stay in water, yet there have been sitings of land dragons in Africa
 (But the stupid Nigs probably mistook a car for one). Lloigors are responcible
 for the stonehenge like structures in Great Britian. The spots were over
 underground rivers and at different moon cycles the area would be filled with
 energy for the dragon to bask in.

 ----- Mi-Go, The fungi from Yuggoth -----

    Mi-Go resemble flying crabs. There main colony is on Pluto, and they only
 come to earth to mine for rare ores. They communicate by changing the colors
 of there head. Mi-go worship Shub-Niggurath and Nyarlotep. The fungi are able
 to fly through space.

 ----- Moon Beasts -----

    Moon Beasts are like giant Toads with no eyes and several purple tentacles
 coming out where it's nose should be. They are total Sadists and worship
 Nyarlotep. It is said they have a colony on earths moon.

 ----- Nightguants -----

    Nightguants resemble the devil in the bible. They have barbed tails, horns
 and black wings. They do not have a face. Nightguants serve Nodens and carry
 off intruders to nasty places in the universe and dump them there.

 ----- Sand Dwellers -----

    Sand Dwellers resemble skeletons with a koala Bear like head. There entire
 body is encrusted in sand. They are known to live in South-West america. They
 are not encountered that much.

 ----- Serpant People -----

    The serpant people are snake-men. They dress in Robes and have tails. The
 Serpant people flourished in the permian to cretacious era. They built great
 Basalt citys and fought wars with the other races. They were great scientists
 and magicians. A few still live to this day underground with a race of
 Degenerate serpant men.

 ----- Servitors of the outer gods -----

    These monsters are constantly shape changing, like azathoth. They serve
 the outer gods and are closely related to squids and frogs.

 ----- Insects from Shaggai -----

    Shans are Giant Mosquito-Bee insects. They escaped the destruction of
 there planet in Temples made of an indestructable metal. They were able to
 teleport these to other worlds, but got stuck on earth because some part of
 the earths atmosphere prevents it. They live by photosynthesis and are
 magically inclined. The Shans worship Azathoth and abuse there slaves(beings
 from Xiclotl) in there metal temples.

 ----- Shantaks -----

    Shantaks are leathery bird like creatures with a horselike head and body,
 hawk talons and batlike wings and a beaver like leathery tail. They are used
 as steeds by followers of the outer gods and are usually covered with slime
 and muck. They are able to fly through space and one has been known to carry
 a rider to the throne of Azathoth.

 ----- Shoggoths -----

    Shoggoths are a slave race of living black slime and constanly grow new
 body parts. They have legs, eyes and huge mouths. This is one of the most
 horrible monsters mentioned in the necrocromican. Shoggoths are amphibious,
 and are only found today as servants to the deep ones. They destroyed almost
 all of the eldar things in a revolution.

 ----- Star-spawn of Cthulu -----

    Cthulu's star spawn or smaller versions of himself. They are still huge
 though(avg - 60 feet tall, Cthulu is 80-90 ft). They were the race that lived
 in Ry'leh with Cthulu and other old ones. Not all were trapped in Ry'leh when
 it sank, some live in deep trenches where the deep ones worship them.

 ----- Star Vampires -----

    Star Vampires are normally invisible, but after they drink human blood,
 you can see a red outline. They can sometimes be tamed to serve a wizard.

 ----- Beings from Xiciotl -----

    Xiclotlans resemble mettallic trees. They have six ropy black arms and
 there head only has an eye on one side. The Xiclotlans have been enslaved by
 the insects from Shaggi. On there home world, the xiclotlans worshipped a
 plant-creature, and would sacrifice themselves to these plants.


THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD

4.6 billion years BC - The Earth starts

3.3 billion years BC - First known fossil.

2 billion years BC - The Elder things arive on earth, landing in the antarctic
  ocean. They establish an underground city, and build the first and biggest
  Shoggoth, Ubbo-Sathla, out of bacteria.

1.4 billion years BC - Cthulu and his star-spawn arive on earth from the star
  system of Xoth. They claim a continent called Ry'leh in present day pacific
  ocean. A war starts with the eldar things for control of the planet

1 billion years BC - A truce is called in the war and the eldar things build
  there first land city in Antarctica(which at the time was at the equater).

850 million years BC - Ry'leh is sunk when a large peice of earth falls into
  space and becomes the moon.

750 million years BC - The flying polyps come to earth. They settle in
  australia, built high, windowless basalt towers and feast on the cone-shaped
  beings living there.

500-435 million BC - The eldar things land citys cover much of the world

485 million BC - The great race of Yith take over the minds of the cone-shaped
  beings living in Australia, and lock the polyps up in caverns.

275 million BC - The first serphant men walk the planet. They co-exist with
  a race of tailless lizard-men to the west. The lizard-men build the nameless
  city.

250 million BC - The shoggoths revolt, destroying most of the eldar thing
  civilization.

160 million BC - The Mi-go arive from Pluto and establish colonys in the
  appalachian mountains. They war with the eldar things for a while until
  Pangea seperates.

150 million BC - The continents of Antarctica and australia are connected by a
  land-bridge. A war between the eldar things and the yithians begins on this
  strip.

50 million BC - The great race of yith leaves the cone shaped beings and the
  polyps exterminate the cone shaped beings.

3 million BC - Furry sub-humans in Greenland who worshipped Tsathoggua and his
  spawn.

161,844 BC - The island of Mu is sunk by the Eldar Gods

9,650 BC - Atlantis sunk beneath the Pacific Ocean

The Eldar sign - The Eldar sign is a symbol used to protect yourself from old
  ones, monsters or Outer gods. They are a Star with ann eye with a flaming
  pupil in the center.

Fragent from Al Azif

  In the antique city of dead R'lyeh
  Cthulu dreams and waits. In the pit
  of time the unspeakable lies in wait
  That is not dead which can eternal lie
  And with strang eons even death can die
  R'lyeh, your blocks of stone seal the
  ritual that gives birth to fear.

      Cthulu fhtagn
      Cthulu fhtagn
          Iaeeh
          Iaeeh

  Let he who knows how to invoke the stones act.
  It is time. Let the shadow of Cthulu darken the sky.
  May the servitor of the black goat of the woods
  with a thosand youngs sound his flute in honor of
  the unspeakable

      Cthulu fhtagn
      Cthulu fhtagn
          Iaeeh
          Iaeeh

  May he who may not be named cast his
  withering gaze upon the unbeliever for
  he is the door, the key and the guardian
  of the door and he holds you know in his
  immense power

  May madness strike down he who
  reads and thinks he understands.
  Nobody can peirce the mystery and not
  pay the price. Nobody can contemplate
  the face of gods with impunity. If
  strength abandons he who reads me, then
  may madness overcome him.

Reading -

Necrocromican - Dr. John Dee

Call of Cthulu 5th edition RPG - Chaosium

Nameless Cults - Golden Goblin Press

Nameless Cults - Bridewell

                   ÄÄÄÍÍÍÍÍ[ VaS DiSTRiBuTioN SiTeS ]ÍÍÍÍÍÄÄÄ
ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º  BBS Name                 Number       Baud   Sysop                Title    º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º  Urban Discipline     (313)464-1470    14.4   Studmuffin          World HQ  º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º              And To Reach us Via U.S. Mail, Send Letters To:                º
º                           VaS World Headquarters                            º
º                              P.O. Box  530768                               º
º                              Livonia,MI 48153                               º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼


.
