ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ßÜ     Û ÛßßßÛ Ûßßßß ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ º
º ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ßÜ   Û Û   Û ÛÜÜÜÜ ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ º
º ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ßÜ Û ÛßßßÛ     Û ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ º
º ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ßÛ Û   Û ÜÜÜÜÛ ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ º
ÌÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¹
º                Vaginal and Anal Secretions Newsletter #0060                 º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º          Date Released : [07/15/92]       Author: My aCHiNG LeFT NuT        º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º                        The Real Story On The MOD Bust.                      º
ÓÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ½

(ED- Please note that we didn't write this, but it was found on a bulletin
     board where it had been ascii captured from internet I assume. I found
     it to be of great interest, and figured VaS could help spread the news).

Newsgroups: alt.security,misc.legal,ut.general
Path: 
weird!mthvax.cs.miami.edu!news.miami.edu!ncar!gatech!concert!samba!usenet
From: Nigel.Allen@bbs.oit.unc.edu (Nigel Allen)
Subject: Alleged "Computer Hackers" Indicted in New York
Message-ID: <1992Jul10.110342.14512@samba.oit.unc.edu>
Summary: U.S. Justice Department press release
Keywords: phreaking credit bureau
Sender: usenet@samba.oit.unc.edu
Nntp-Posting-Host: lambada.oit.unc.edu
Organization: Echo Beach, Toronto
Date: Fri, 10 Jul 1992 11:03:42 GMT
Lines: 188
 
My apologies if you see this more than once.  My initial posting
may not have worked properly. This is being cross-posted
to several groups; if you wish to follow up to it, please be selective.
 
The following press release was issued by the U.S. Justice 
Department, as far as I can tell. The obvious disclaimer: 
I have no involvement with the U.S. Justice Department, the U.S. Secret 
Service, the FBI, or any of the individuals indicted in this matter.
 
 Group of "Computer Hackers" Indicted; First Use of Wiretaps in 
Such a Case 
 To: National Desk 
 Contact: Federico E. Virella Jr., 212-791-1955, or 
          Stephen Fishbein, 212-791-1978, of the Office of 
          the U.S. Attorney, Southern District of New York; or 
          Betty Conkling of the U.S. Secret Service, 212-466-4400; or 
          Joseph Valiquette Jr. of the Federal Bureau of 
          Investigation, 212-335-2715 
 
   NEW YORK, July 8 /U.S. Newswire/ -- A group of five "computer 
hackers" has been indicted on charges of computer tampering, computer 
fraud, wire fraud, illegal wiretapping, and conspiracy, by a federal 
grand jury in Manhattan, resulting from the first investigative use 
of court-authorized wiretaps to obtain conversations and data
transmissions of computer hackers. 
   A computer hacker is someone who uses a computer or a telephone to 
obtain unauthorized access to other computers. 
   The indictment, which was filed today, alleges that Julio 
Fernandez, a/k/a "Outlaw," John Lee, a/k/a "Corrupt," Mark Abene, 
a/k/a "Phiber Optik," Elias Ladopoulos, a/k/a "Acid Phreak," and Paul 
Stira, a/k/a "Scorpion," infiltrated a wide variety of computer 
systems, including systems operated by telephone companies, credit 
reporting services, and educational institutions. 
   According to Otto G. Obermaier, United States Attorney for the 
Southern District of New York, James E. Heavey, special agent in 
charge, New York Field Division, United States Secret Service, 
William Y. Doran, special agent in charge, Criminal Division, New 
York Field Division, Federal Bureau of Investigation, and Scott 
Charney, chief of the Computer Crime Unit of the Department of 
Justice, the indictment charges that the defendants were part of a 
closely knit group of computer hackers self-styled "MOD," an acronym 
used variously for "Masters of Disaster" and "Masters of Deception" 
among other things.  The indictment alleges that the defendants broke 
into computers "to enhance their image and prestige among other 
computer hackers; to harass and intimidate rival hackers and other 
people they did not like; to obtain telephone, credit, information 
and other services without paying for them; and to obtain passwords,
account numbers and other things of value which they could sell to 
others." The defendants are also alleged to have used unauthorized 
passwords and billing codes to make long distance telephone calls and 
to be able to communicate with other computers for free. 
   Some of the computers that the defendants allegedly broke into 
were telephone switching computers operated by Southwestern Bell, New 
York Telephone, Pacific Bell, U.S. West and Martin Marietta 
Electronics Information and Missile Group.  According to the 
indictment, such switching computers each control telephone service 
for tens of thousands of telephone lines.  In some instances, the 
defendants allegedly tampered with the computers by adding and 
altering calling features.  In some cases, the defendants allegedly 
call forwarded local numbers to long distance numbers and thereby 
obtained long distance services for the price of a local call. 
Southwestern Bell is alleged to have incurred losses of approximately 
$370,000 in 1991 as a result of computer tampering by defendants 
Fernandez, Lee, and Abene. 
   The indictment also alleges that the defendants gained access to 
computers operated by BT North America, a company that operates the 
Tymnet data transfer network.  The defendants were allegedly able to 
use their access to Tymnet computers to intercept data communications 
while being transmitted through the network, including computer 
passwords of Tymnet employees.  On one occasion, Fernandez and Lee
allegedly intercepted data communications on a network operated by 
the Bank of America. 
   The charges also allege that the defendants gained access to 
credit and information services including TRW, Trans Union and 
Information America.  The defendants allegedly were able to obtain 
personal information on people including credit reports, telephone 
numbers, addresses, neighbor listings and social security numbers by 
virtue of their access to these services.  On one occasion Lee and 
another member of the group are alleged to have discussed obtaining 
information from another hacker that would allow them to alter credit 
reports on TRW.  As quoted in the indictment, Lee said that the 
information he wanted would permit them "to destroy people's lives... 
or make them look like saints." 
   The indictment further charges that in November 1991, Fernandez 
and Lee sold information to Morton Rosenfeld concerning how to access 
credit services.  The indictment further alleges that Fernandez later 
provided Rosenfeld's associates with a TRW account number and 
password that Rosenfeld and his associates used to obtain 
approximately 176 TRW credit reports on various individuals.  (In a 
separate but related court action, Rosenfeld pleaded guilty to 
conspiracy to use and traffic in account numbers of TRW.  See below). 
   According to Stephen Fishbein, the assistant United States 
attorney in charge of the prosecution, the indictment also allegesat members
of MOD wiped out almost all of the information contained 
within the Learning Link computer operated by the Educational 
Broadcasting Corp. (WNET Channel 13) in New York City.  The Learning 
Link computer provided educational and instructional information to 
hundreds of schools and teachers in New York, New Jersey and 
Connecticut.  Specifically, the indictment charges that on Nov. 28, 
1989, the information on the Learning Link was destroyed and a 
message was left on the computer that said: "Happy Thanksgiving you 
turkeys, from all of us at MOD" and which was signed with the aliases 
"Acid Phreak," "Phiber Optik," and "Scorpion." During an NBC News 
broadcast on Nov. 14, 1990, two computer hackers identified only by 
the aliases "Acid Phreak" and "Phiber Optik" took responsibility for 
sending the "Happy Thanksgiving" message. 
   Obermaier stated that the charges filed today resulted from a 
joint investigation by the United States Secret Service and the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation.  "This is the first federal 
investigation ever to use court-authorized wiretaps to obtain 
conversations and data transmissions of computer hackers," said 
Obermaier.  He praised both the Secret Service and the FBI for their 
extensive efforts in this case.  Obermaier also thanked the 
Department of Justice Computer Crime Unit for their important 
assistance in the investigation.  Additionally, Obermaier thanked the 
companies and institutions whose computer systems were affected by
the defendants' activities, all of whom cooperated fully in the 
investigation. 
   Fernandez, age 18, resides at 3448 Steenwick Ave., Bronx, New 
York.  Lee (also known as John Farrington), age 21, resides at 64A 
Kosciusco St. Brooklyn, New York.  Abene, age 20, resides at 94-42 
Alstyne Ave., Queens, New York.  Elias Ladopoulos, age 22, resides at 
85-21 159th St., Queens, New York.  Paul Stira, age 22, resides at 
114-90 227th St., Queens, New York.  The defendants' arraignment has 
been scheduled for July 16, at 10 a.m. in Manhattan federal court. 
   The charges contained in the indictment are accusations only and 
the defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty. 
Fishbein stated that if convicted, each of the defendants may be 
sentenced to a maximum of five years imprisonment on the conspiracy 
count.  Each of the additional counts also carries a maximum of five 
years imprisonment, except for the count charging Fernandez with 
possession of access devices, which carries a maximum of ten years 
imprisonment.  Additionally, each of the counts carries a maximum 
fine of the greater of $250,000, or twice the gross gain or loss 
incurred. 
    ------ 
   In separate but related court actions, it was announced that 
Rosenfeld and Alfredo De La Fe have each pleaded guilty in Manhattan 
Federal District Court to conspiracy to use and to traffic in
unauthorized access devices in connection with activities that also 
involved members of MOD. 
   Rosenfeld pled guilty on June 24 before the Shirley Wohl Kram, 
United States District Judge.  At his guilty plea, Rosenfeld admitted 
that he purchased account numbers and passwords for TRW and other 
credit reporting services from computer hackers and then used the 
information to obtain credit reports, credit card numbers, social 
security numbers and other personal information which he sold to 
private investigators.  Rosenfeld added in his guilty plea that on or 
about Nov. 25, 1991, he purchased information from persons named 
"Julio" and "John" concerning how to obtain unauthorized access to 
credit services.  Rosenfeld stated that he and his associates later 
obtained additional information from "Julio" which they used to pull 
numerous credit reports.  According to the information to which 
Rosenfeld pleaded guilty, he had approximately 176 TRW credit reports 
at his residence on Dec. 6, 1991. 
   De La Fe pled guilty on June 19 before Kenneth Conboy, United 
States District Judge.  At his guilty plea, De La Fe stated that he 
used and sold telephone numbers and codes for Private Branch 
Exchanges ("PBXs").  According to the information to which De La Fe 
pleaded guilty, a PBX is a privately operated computerized telephone 
system that routes calls, handles billing, and in some cases permits 
persons calling into the PBX to obtain outdial services by entering a
code.  De La Fe admitted that he sold PBX numbers belonging to Bugle 
Boy Industries and others to a co-conspirator who used the numbers in 
a call sell operation, in which the co-conspirator charged others to 
make long distance telephone calls using the PBX numbers.  De La Fe 
further admitted that he and his associates used the PBX numbers to 
obtain free long distance services for themselves.  De La Fe said 
that one of the people with whom he frequently made free long 
distance conference calls was a person named John Farrington, who he 
also knew as "Corrupt." 
   Rosenfeld, age 21, resides at 2161 Bedford Ave., Brooklyn, N.Y. 
Alfredo De La Fe, age 18, resides at 17 West 90th St., N.Y. 
Rosenfeld and De La Fe each face maximum sentences of five years, 
imprisonment and maximum fines of the greater of $250,000, or twice 
the gross gain or loss incurred.  Both defendants have been released 
pending sentence on $20,000 appearance bonds.  Rosenfeld's sentencing 
is scheduled for Sept. 9, before Shirley Wohl Kram.  De La Fe's 
sentencing is scheduled for Aug. 31, before Conboy. 
 
                   ÄÄÄÍÍÍÍÍ[ VaS DiSTRiBuTioN SiTeS ]ÍÍÍÍÍÄÄÄ
ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º  BBS Name                 Number       Baud   Sysop                Title    º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º  LiVe WiRE BBS        (313)464-1470    14.4   Studmuffin          World HQ  º
º  PoT BBS              (313)462-1906    24oo   Phreak_Accident     World HQ  º
º  Floating Pancreas    (305)551-0311    14.4   Majestic Cockster   Dist. #1  º
º  Midian BBS           (703)790-8048    14.4   The Raging Golemn   Dist. #2  º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼
