ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍËÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º                                º                                            º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ   ÜÛÛÛÛÜ   ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  º   Vaginal and Anal Secretions Newsletter   º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ÛÛß  ßÛÛ  ÛÛ    ßß  º                                            º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ÛÛÜÜÜÜÛÛ  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  º          Issue #126  - 1/3/1998            º
º  ßÛÛÜÜÛÛß  ÛÛßßßßÛÛ  ÜÜ    ÛÛ  º                                            º
º    ßÛÛß    ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛß  º     -[ Written By: Smack my bitch up    ]- º
º                                º                                            º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄĞÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º                                Why College Sux                              º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ1/4
College sux.  To borrow a line from Apocalypse Now, "The Bullshit in this
place stacks up so fast, you need wings to stay above it all". Here you are
bombarded with BS nonstop from every direction.  To anyone who has seen it,
the movie PCU is not very far from the truth.  There are people here who would
protest El Nino fucking up Winter, just for the sake of protest.  An even
bigger joke are all these minority groups around campus.  They continually
whine about how MSU and the white man is oppressing them.  Yet, they get so
much more shit than we do.  They have there own minority aides, their own
"Caucuses"(Which the university funds), shitloads more scholarships, and
enrollment preference.  If your black and can't get into college, it's only
because you can't write(application).  The university bends over backwards to
give them every possible advantage, yet they still bitch and whine about how
the University is racist.  A fucking dog barks at a negro up here and it's
because da dog wuz racist.  I flunked outa school because i'm black and dey is
racist.  Speaking of "racism", the black caucus held a Black Power rally
featuring Sista Souljah last year.  Guess who paid for it? Student RHA taxes!
How many of you think MSU would pay for a Northern Hammer Skinhead rally on
Campus?  Dont think so.  The Black Caucuss is such a joke anyways.  The
University wastes all this money on the caucuses, just so they can all get
together once a week to talk about how much they hate DA white MAN.  But the
black caucus does fill a needed void.  What would we do without all the great
Caucus cultural events, like "FaKe-ThA-FuNk 17" and the weekly Shit Contest.
All the caucus members on my floor had weekly competitions to see who could
leave the nastiest, smelliest, dirtiest shit in the communal bathrooms.
he he dat wuz da bomb nigga. Meanwhile, the entire floor had to share one
stall until the janitors came into clean it.  There would be shit everywhere,
all over the seat, toilet paper dispenser, floor, flusher, walls, etc.  Now
you know why i moved into a dorm without communal bathrooms.

To top it off, everyone is required to take two years worth of classes that
have absolutely NOTHING to do with their major.  I am majoring in Computer
Engineering, guess how many computer classes I have had in almost two years?
One.  Instead, I have been learning all this useless bullshit about civil
rights, homosexuality and how communism is the ultimate form of government.
Basically, you pay to have some moron professor ram his opinions down your
throat.  To even voice disagreement is enough to be marked down gradewise.
The sad part is that a majority of students actually slurp this shit down like
the sheep they fucking are.  My own theory on why we have to go to these
classes is twofold. First, to get more money for the university by making you
stay there longer, and more importantly to insure that all the skilled workers
of the country are brainwashed robots.  In one of these classes, my professor
stated that "This class teaches you how to think".  YOU CANNOT TEACH PEOPLE
HOW TO THINK, ONLY WHAT TO THINK!! The ability to think is something someone
possesses or does not possess.  When i mentioned this, he responded by saying
if you don't like it, drop it.  However, this course is required for every
degree MSU awards.  These dumbass professors are so fucking detached from
reality.  They sit in their ivory towers and try to theorize the rest of the
fucking world when they know jack shit about it.

And then there is the cost of "Education".  I pay 2000 a semester for 15
credits of classes.  All of these are in a Lecture hall with 500-600 other
people.  This is a major pain in the ass, considering I can get a better
education at a community college for a quarter of the price of Michigan State.
I had a physics class this year where I had to learn all this shit on my own,
outside of lecture or text to solve homework and test problems.  If I am to be
teaching myself, then what the fuck do I need to be paying them for? On top
of it, only 10% of the math profs speak any English at all.  For some fucked
up reason, the university thinks that this "Diversity" is some kind of
strength that enhances our education.  But the Universities make their real
money on Student Housing.  At MSU, you are required to live in the dorms until
you are a junior(55min credits).  I pay 3 grand to live in a shitty 13x13 room
and get 10 dogfood quality meals a week.  My dormroom is quite large, most
dorms are 6x9 feet.  However these rooms are the same price.  The meals come
out to about 8 bux a piece, actually 1000 bux a piece cuz I don't eat that
nasty salmonella infected shit.  And unless you have a single, like me, you
have to share this cramped living space with 1 or 2 other people.  It all comes
down to 800 bux a month(650 for a double or triple).  For this amount, I could
feed myself, lease a 2 bedroom apartment by myself and pay utilities.  To top
it all off, you have baby-sitters called RAs(Resident Assistants).  These
people are nothing but punkass narks who treat you as if you don't know how
to wipe your own ass.  The Government gives the Universities more than enough
money to give all it's students a free education, yet they continue to rip us
off as well as take our tax money.  But what really pisses me off is that even
though my parents wont pay for any of my "Education", I cannot qualify for
financial aid as an independent. Therefore I can not get a grant or a loan.
I bust my ass working 80 hours a week during summer, winter and probably
spring break just too get enough money to pay tuition.  On top of this, I have
to somehow pay over 3 grand in taxes this April so that some dumb negro can
go to college for free.

The only thing that makes up for the above is the size and amount of parties
here.  College parties rock, or at least they used to.  MSU and the city of
East Lansing have done everything possible to destroy their reputation as a
party town.  From what I hear, this is now a nationwide trend.  It is almost
impossible to get alcohol or drugs here now.  You can not even walk down the
street on a Fri./Saturday night without being hassled or possibly arrested by
the fucking police.  While they have not totally destroyed the party scene,
they might as well have.  Before, you could walk down any street in East
Lansing on a weekend and find several large parties.  Now, there are only a
handful, and they are all small, hidden and most of the time invite only.
The number of Police on the streets has more than tripled, and no-tolerance
BS is now on the top of their agenda.  Nevermind rape or burglary, we got to
keep these students from enjoying themselves.

And then there are frats.  Go to their parties, drink their beer, fuck their
women, but NEVER NEVER join one.  Joining a frat is like joining the army.
They will tell you whatever you want to hear to get you to pledge.  They will
act cool, give you beer and/or drugs and in most cases get you laid.  But once
you put on that pledge pin, you are fucked.  They will treat you like total
shit for the rest of the semester.  I know from personal experience. "We don't
haze here", thats BULLSHIT.  Next thing you know they will be trying to make
you fuck a sheep.  I get really sick tho with all the frat-bashing done by
all the PC groups on campus.  They don't bash frats because of the stupidity
of them, they bash them because the membership is mainly "White A-S Males!"
and supposedly elitist.  The membership is made up of loozers who will take
the most shit, not the el33t.  If i was forming a frat, i would want the
coolest people to be in it, not those who would fuck a barnyard animal to get
in.  Thats exactly what i'm gonna do, i'm forming the VaS house... whatever
the fuck that is in greek.  Were gonna have the hardcore pimps(to supply us
with pussy), most fucked up trippers(drugs), LSDinsane techno DJ's(muzak),
the el33test hackers(2 Hax0r OuR GrAdeZ d00dz!@!!) and the vas Black Shirts
(2 kill off the other frats).  W3rd!  Despite being loozers, frats do provide
a service by having lotz of wild parties.  Its part of their attempt to gain
members, but frat parties are usually better than most house parties.  So just
go to them and ignore anyone who talks to you about pledging.

But what really pisses me off, is that society says we have to go to college
or end up flipping burgers.  If I stay in college, I am going to learn nothing
more than I would at a 2 year Technical School, yet I would make a third as
much money that way.  It is so fucking idiotic and pointless.  I swear, if
I ever get into any position of government power, I would drop the bomb on
this fucking school. w3rd!
ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º °°°°°°°°°°°°°°°° ]<-RaD Places To Find ALL The VaS Issues °°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°° º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º    ftp.umich.archives.etext.edu                        in /pub/CuD/VaS      º
º    ftp.etext.org                                       in /pub/Zines/VaS    º
º    ftp.eff.org                              in /pub/Publications/CuD/Vas    º
º    ftp.dto.net                                         in /pub/zines/Vas    º
º    VaS WWW HomePage                          http://www.sinnerz.com/vas/    º
º    The Crackhouse                     http://www.crackhouse.com.ar/vas/     º
º    The Floating Pancreas WeB BBS                        www.infected.com    º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º    NE BBS's still around? Interested in being a dist site? Email us at      º
º                                vas@sinnerz.com                              º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ1/4
(C)opywrite VaS. If YoU RiP ThIs OfF wE WiLL FuCk YoU uP!
[VaS] '98 - "FUCK YOU"

