
Chessmaster 2000 (Chess Player for one or two players)
Compatibility: 64K Apple II series
Requirements: One disk drive; printer, SpeeDemon optional


Colossus Chess IV (Chess Player for one or two players)
Compatibility: 48K Apple II series
Requirements: One disk drive; 64K, printer, SpeeDemon optional


     For reasons not altogether obvious, chess programs appear to arrive in flocks. Certainly there was nothing last year; whereas 1986 brings us three new packages, two of which qualify as serious challengers for the top spot in Apple chess.

     Playing the two programs reinforced the overall impression of quality and evoked just a touch of deja vu. "Chessmaster" looks very much like "Mychess II"; whereas "Colossus" bears a strong resemblance to "Sargon III" (which just happen to be the other two top notch Apple chess programs). 

    Both programs offer such most wanted features as solve-mate/problem modes, take back, variable speed replay, side switching, and board rotation. They permit program vs. itself play and will referee games for two human opponents. You can load, save, and delete games and obtain a move printout during or after a contest along with a board diagram. Neither, unfortunately, permits a graphics dump of the screen. (Nor does any other chess program I've seen; but a regrettable oversight even so.)

     "Colossus" offers a black & white-only display in 2-D and, with 64K, very clear 3-D. "Chessmaster's" adds an option for eye-catching color (2-D or 3-D) and allows 90 degree rotation in case you want a side view. While both programs employ KB-only entry for moves and setting up positions, the "Colossus" on-screen cursor approach is more convenient and natural feeling than "Chessmaster's" pure alpha-numeric system.

     The expansion of available playing levels marks a major improvement over earlier designs. "Chessmaster" offers nineteen (five seconds through 37.5 minutes/move); "Colossus" allows direct entry of average move time (00:00 - 59:59). Both offer an "infinite" (no time-out) level for in-depth analysis. Only "Colossus" offers a chessclock (dual presettable), a serious tournament mode (set move and time controls), the "all moves" mode for "five minute chess", etc., and an "equality" mode which matches program move time to yours.

    "Colossus" program specs and functions documentation is vastly superior to "Chessmaster's", which just barely describes key functions. On the other hand, "Chessmaster's" well-designed on-screen menu makes it a much easier to use program. "Chessmaster" comes with a nicely done booklet including a brief tutorial, chess history, and a listing of the 100 classic games (1620-1986) on disk. 

     The "Colossus" library includes 34 computer chess games (1978-1984) plus 19 solve-mate problems. Since "Colossus" files are unprotected, the diskette is a goldmine of ideas for those interested in developing their own chess programs.

     Unfortunately, chess programs do not smirk, make snide comments, or look worried. They may, however, achieve a reasonable approximation via "technical information" supplied during a game's progress. Whereas "Chessmaster" displays only search depth, current move considered, and a hint; "Colossus" presents current best line, line currently being considered, assumed opponent move, depth, and evaluation scores. Thus, while well-matched in strength, "Colossus" is by far the more instructive, more entertaining opponent.

     After playing several games against each program at two minutes/move I had about decided that "Chessmaster" is just slightly better than "Colossus". But, when I gave some "expert" and "A" (USCF) rated friends a shot, "Colossus" seemed the tougher adversary. (After two straight losses, one flustered player couldn't leave the computer until he got his revenge.)  

     As to which of the 'big four' is the best opponent, the newcomers appear to have a slight edge, based mainly upon endgame improvements. Otherwise, the human player's style is a major factor. "Chessmaster" has the largest opening 'book' and appears the better positional player; "Colossus" is the better tactician. All the programs are at their best under pressure; but a tendency to over-value material leaves them susceptible to involved, arcane gambit lines. Programs do not risk second-best moves in order to set traps. But then they seldom overlook anything simple; and they never give up!

     Even among today's more computer-wise players, the programs probably represent a solid "C", possibly "B" level challenge. Instructive, good fun, and consistantly tough, "Chessmaster" and "Colossus" belong in the software library of any serious player of 'the royal game'.


Chessmaster available from Electronic Arts: 2755 Campus Drive, San Mateo, CA 94403. (415) 571-7171. $39.95. Colossus available from Firebird: P.O. Box 49, Ramsey, NJ 07446. (201) 444-5700. $39.95


              GRFX  S.M.  PLAY  DIFF  INTR  GAME
              ----------------------------------
Chessmaster:   08    06    07   5-9    07    07
Colossus   :   07    07    07   5-9    08    08
