Synopsis: The ten events of the decathlon, brought to your own computer, which will take less than two days to play, but not much, if you're on an Apple. 
Details: Each player(up to 6) takes turns in the ten computerized events of the decathlon. They are done in order, and your score is re-computed after each event. There are humorous messages if you mess up(like if you don't land on the mat in the pole vault, or you land face first attempting a long jump) and even chances to "train" at any one special event, after which you're told how much you would have scored. There's a nice touch in the 110m hurdles--if you jump and split your legs with the hurdles, you get the message "Ohh, that hurts." There are "disqualifications" too like when the discus hits the cage or if you jump the gun in a race or knock over two hurdles. 

Graphics: Terrible, to be honest. Your runner is designated by a sideways T in the 100, 400, and 1500 meter dash. The stick figure that runs in the long and high jumps, the javelin, and the pole vault glides along without moving his legs. The hurdles are the best, where your runner actually runs and jumps. In the discus throw(which really looks like the hammer throw), you get an overhead view of a box moving forward in the circle and a line coming out of it and spinning around. Well, it's not overdone. At least the cage shakes on a wild throw. And it is minorly amusing how, if you go too far over the fault-line for long jump and javelin, the program just sort of stops. 

Controls: seem to be decided on at random. You hit the 1 and 2 keys alternately in the 100 and 400, the apple keys in the hurdles, and four keys for the 1500(they mercifully spare you time there!) In some events you have no choice as to how fast you run up, and in some(the shot put) you have to use the joystick/paddles, and by the time you figure it out, having your person throw the shot put backwards(or straight up in the air) gets a bit old. For discus, you push a key to start and stop. And it's tough to figure out how to run the hurdles. I'll give the programmers this--they were creative. 

Sound: Plays the olympic anthem, which is neat, before each event and at the "award ceremony" at the end. 

Difficulty: It can be annoying at times. And the problem is that you have to be perfect sometimes. There's a lot of repetition involved, and you have to live with never being perfect. 

Replayability: Very high. I remember playing this for hours "against" some friends and playing alone to build myself up. And there's always the goal--Bruce Jenner's record of 8618(a bit outdated now, OK, but still something to reach for!) The best feature is that you can practice any event individually. This game is such a classic and an original--the decathlon always has an air of mystique about it--that there's a lot to like. The warning messages get annoying after a while when you do something wrong(they are SSLLOOWW!!) but they're worth chasing that gold medal. 

   
Reviewer's Score: 7 / 10 
