
Elite (Space Flight/Combat Simulation/Adventure)
Compatibility: 64k Apple II+, IIe, IIc
Requirements: One disk drive, joystick optional


     In a two-thousand world, multi-species civilization there are many paths open to those unwilling to become 'planet bound". Few, however, can rival the freedom, challenge, and opportunity for glory offered by life as an independent trader. Firebird's Elite places you at the helm of your own "Cobra" class fighter-trader craft. 

     You begin with only 100 credits, enough hyperspace fuel to reach several neighboring planets, and a rating of "harmless". (Which, with only a single, front-mounted pulse laser, pretty well describes your situation.)  Ostensively, your only aim is to achieve "Elite" status-- no easy feat, since ratings are based solely upon hard won combat kills-- but there are hints, supplied in an accompanying novelette, of still greater goals. Thus, you are lured by tales of a mysterious, Elite-only organization known as "The Dark Wheel"; and legends refer to a mythical planet, Raxxla, said to be a gateway to the knowledge and wealth of other universes!

     Elite's universe spans eight 250-planet galaxies. Each planet trades in a variety of legal and contraband goods ranging from staples through luxuries, and raw materials through high-tech devices-- seventeen in all. Prices vary depending upon such characteristics as government (anarchy, feudal, ...), inhabitants (insects, birds, human, ...), main products (agricultural or industrial), and development (tech levels 1-14). 

     Tech level also determines availability of such equipment upgrades as more hold space, better weapons, fuel scoops, extra energy banks, an inter-galactic drive, etc.. These, in turn, improve efficiency and combat performance, allowing more profitable commercial ventures and greater freedom to explore. 

     A host of factors, especially government and cargo, affect the hazardousness of trade. For example, a "harmless" rated beginner who approaches an anarchy planet with a cargo of narcotics might just as well press "destruct"; but few pirates will be encountered near corporate state worlds, especially with cargoes like wines or furs.

     All buying and selling occurs on orbiting space stations; you never actually land on a planet. Docking, hyperspace jumps, approach, and any combats are handled via comprehensive controls including speed, dive/climb, and rotate-- all in full 3-space-- with button-activated laser fire and keyboard missile targeting and launch. 

     The cockpit display includes a large view of nearby space plus an excellent radar screen and indicators for shields, energy banks, speed, etc.. To aid in route planning hires "Current Galaxy" and "Local Star Group" displays with 'star-finder' cursors allow immediate access to data (except prices) on any of some 250 planets.

     Featuring fast '3-D' line graphics, efficient save/restore, and a cleverly arranged data base, Elite is a well-executed blend of trading strategy, arcade, and mystery. Combats, which may involve one or more of several types of opponents, are very realistic with ships zooming in, laser fire tracers and good sound cues for hits and misses. Arcade ace skills are helpful; but success depends more upon combateer smarts and equipment than quickness. 

     There are some interesting surprises, touches of humor, and you don't have to be a 'good guy' to make progress. (Still, though piracy can be exciting, it really doesn't pay well.)  Supplied with a flight manual, ship ID chart, and an entertaining, hint-packed novelette, "Elite" delivers what all those bogus trekkie spin-offs only promised-- a super long-playing, action-packed, incredibly addictive space adventure good for galaxies of fun.


Available from Firebird: P.O. Box 49, Ramsey, NJ 07446. (201) 444-5700. $34.95


GRFX  S.M.  PLAY  DIFF  INTR  GAME
----------------------------------
 07    09    08    07    09    09
