
Fight Night (Sports Simulation for one or two players)
Compatibility: 64K Apple II series
Requirements: One disk drive, joystick


     OK, so the kid's quick and his legs won't turn to rubber after a few tough rounds. The question is do you have the managing moxie to make him the next champ?! Anticipating your reply, Accolade is ready to give you a shot at the big one. Starting with 'building' one or more challengers, Fight Night takes you through training, sparring matches, and finally the championship tournament.

     Your road to the bigtime begins with building one or more boxers via the game's "Construction" utility. Here you select body parts to match desired attributes such as endurance and quickness. Additional "statistics" are then adjusted to fine-tune your boxer in the areas of hitting power to/resistance for blows to head and body. When everything looks just right the new fighter is saved to disk. (The same utility allows you to edit existing fighters and even define a boxer for computer control.)

     Fight Night permits a total of eight boxing movements (four stick positions with button up or down) including blows to head and body, fakes, guards, and forward/backward positioning. "Training" drills you in these moves with a punching bag target with the emphasis on rhythm. In "Sparring" you practice moves and timing against another fighter.

     Once you feel ready for the 'real thing' matches are arranged in individual bouts with set, computer-controlled contenders like the "British Bulldog", or against selected boxers (perhaps some from another players stable) in a small round robin tournament. During a bout (three three-minute rounds), round, time remaining, and cummulative scores are displayed along with bar graph K.O. susceptibility indicators (so you know when to go in for the kill). If neither boxer is K.O.'d, the decision goes to the high scorer. The winner of a tournament becomes the "Champ".

     Offering perhaps the finest, most comprehensive control of any one-on-one fighting simulation, Fight Night closes the loop by providing ample cues as well. Your opponent's movements actually do tell you something about what he is likely to do. Wide-ranging speed controls permit setting the action to a comfortable pace. The only notable weakness is that, for player vs. player matchups, one player must use keyboard controls instead of a second joystick. Clever and surprisingly addictive, Fight Night packs the entertainment punch you've been waiting for in a fight simulation.


Available from Accolade: 20863 Stevens Creek Blvd., B-5/E, Cupertino, CA 95014. (408) 436-0900. $34.95


GRFX  S.M.  PLAY  DIFF  INTR  GAME
----------------------------------
 07    06    06    07    07    07
