
Gulf Strike (War Strategy Simulation for one or two players)
Compatibility: 48K Apple II series, Commodore 64/128
Requirements: One disk drive; joystick optional


     Demonstrating that wargames can indeed make strange bedfellows, Gulf Strike matches Iran and the U.S. (plus assorted minor allies) against Iraq and the U.S.S.R. (plus assorted puppets). Evidently, as 1988 rolls around, the Iranians (annoyed with on-going Soviet support for Iraq) significantly escalate aid to their freedom-fighting brethren in Afghanistan. 

     This doesn't sit at all well with the Russians (i.e. the freedom-fightees), who have already spent several years screwing up their attempt not to botch things worse in Afghanistan than you-know-who did in Vietnam. When the Russkies enter the war on the side of Iraq this naturally provokes the U.S. and concerned Persian Gulf states to intervene in favor of their old pal, Iran. Thus does Avalon Hill contrive to produce the dream match of the decade: a U.S. vs. U.S.S.R. mini-war where neither side can do much real damage to the other.

     Gulf Strike action embraces most of Iran, part of Iraq, and other lands immediately adjacent to the Persian Gulf. As a translated boardgame, the computer version incorporates a scrollable map with seventeen terrain features inflicting varying movement costs. 

     Among the ground, air, and sea units you will find the expected detail and differentiation options for which Avalon Hill is justly reknown. For example, thirteen ground types include airborne, armor, artillary, marine, infantry, ... units in sizes ranging from battalion through division. Each has specific movement, attack, and defense capabilities influenced largely by your choice of formation. Air and naval units are similarly diverse, with nearly thirty aircraft types in various configurations and naval units ranging from sub groups through carriers. 

     Unless the two-player version is selected, you automatically control the U.S./Iran position and all twenty-one victory point squares spread across the map. During the standard 25-turn game, your mission is to prevent the U.S.S.R./Irag side from ever holding nine of the squares.

     All of this looked pretty juicy; but, perhaps an hour into a game it became clear that something was missing (something, I mean, besides a skilled player). Sure enough, a thorough check of the box confimed my worst fears: Avalon Hill had, indeed, failed to include the other computer!

     This is an unfortunate oversight considering that only a small part of the map is displayed at any time and that only star and hammer & sickle identifiers appear on the main map to locate units which may be stacked eighteen (18) deep! Lacking the missing computer, you must point to a map square to obtain a unit symbols display in the "stack window" and then select a symbol to obtain unit status.

     If theatre commanders had to use Gulf Strike's format to fight their wars, the battlefields of the world would be littered with plowshears. Imagine, an attractive, well-documented, fully functioning wargame THAT NOBODY CAN PLAY! Right-On, AH!


Available from Avalon Hill: 4517 Harford Road, Baltimore, MD 21214. (800) 638-9292. $30.00


GRFX  S.M.  PLAY  DIFF  INTR  GAME
----------------------------------
 07    07    02    10    04    NA
