
Law of the West (Conflict Resolution Simulation)
Compatibility: 64K Apple II series
Requirements: One disk drive, joystick


     Well, pardner, there's not much left of the Old West, just a few dusty saloons, boring TV commercials, and (thank goodness) some computer games. In Accolade's "Law of the West" you are the sheriff of Gold Gulch, a rough little place straight of of "Gun Smoke". Here you encounter the expected mix of peaceful townsfolk, drifters, crooks, bullies, and desperados. Some will test you gunhand; some, your nose for crime; and a few will try your romantic expertise. Each, if only subtly, challenges your authority and ability to maintain order.

     Law of the West operates very much like the training villages employed by some law enforcement agencies. You find yourself standing near a saloon, bank, railroad station, etc. and someone walks out into the street and begins the encounter. You might get "Howdy Sheriff, I hear you're pretty fast with a gun" from a desperado or "Hi Sheriff, I know a secret; but I won't tell" from the town brat. 

     The program then offers several response options generally ranging in character from wimp to hard nosed. Each conversation normally involves three or four such exchanges, unless someone goes for a gun. In fact, once you get the hang of aiming your '45, you can guarantee that YOU won't ever be shot simply by blowing away everyone you meet. (Except that this approach pretty well ruins your "innocent citizens killed" and "romance" scores.)

     Your principal aims in each encounter vary according to the context. For instance, you would like to become friends with the pretty schoolmarm, avoid a shootout with a gunfighter, encourage the town doctor to stop drinking (otherwise he may not be available when you're wounded), etc.. 

     An overriding concern is to prevent crime; so you may have to dig to obtain warning of an impending bank robbery. Each such alert switches you to the scene and you have a chance to chalk-up a few "crime prevention" points. If you are not killed first, after fifteen or so encounters the game ends and your performance is scored.

     Law of the West is attractive, fun to play, and surprisingly challenging. Evidently, a fair ammount  of thought went into the conversation sequences (making the game an excellent model for real world human relations training packages). Except that high scores are not saved, the main weakness is the obvious limit on replays (there are only about a dozen characters) once a player becomes adept in the role of sheriff. For best value, you may wish to reserve the game for parties; it's sure to be a hit.


Available from Accolade: 20863 Stevens Creek Blvd., B-5/E, Cupertino, CA 95014. (408) 436-0900. $34.95


GRFX  S.M.  PLAY  DIFF  INTR  GAME
----------------------------------
 07    06    07    06    07    07
