
Little Computer People Discovery Kit (Simulation)
Compatibility: 64K Apple II series
Requirements: One disk drive, joystick


     Probably, like any clear-thinking computer user, you tend to view the occassional glitch as having a 'perfectly reasonable explanation', (power surges, component failure, even human error).  Such, in fact was the predisposition of Activision's Glitch Research Team; that is until their amazing discovery that little human-like people actually live in computers! We now know that these little computer people (LCP's) produce otherwise inexplicable glitches largely by accident, though sometimes out of boredom or in a bid for attention.

     The above, at least, is the gist of Activision's press release. Well, I'm not just anybody's fool; nor am I the empty-headed, gullible tuft hunter some may imagine. Immediately upon receipt of my LCP research package I booted the "House on a Disk" and waited to see what might transpire. Imagine, if you will, my astonishment when an honest-to-goodness LCP showed up and shyly began to inspect the offered residence! 

     Before long I was filling the water tank and leaving groceries and dogfood at the front door. An LCP, it seems, almost invariably owns and LCD. (Indeed, Activision has requested notification if an LCP fails to be accompanied by his dog.)

     As suggested in kit materials, LCP's seem to appreciate music and so record albums make great mood boosters. (For a contented LCP, it's important to respond to mood changes.)  Even better, my LCP especially enjoys games, enthusiastically playing "Card War", anagrams, and draw poker. Verbal communications are still at the rudimentary stage. However if I type "Please light a fire" or make a similarly simple request, he will often comply.

     Each research kit comes with full documentation, a deed (for the house), and suggestions for record keeping. Needless to say, I am thoroughly convinced of the significance of LCP's and the validity of the "House on a Disk" method. (Seeing, after all, is believing!)


Available from Activision: P.O. Box 7286, Mountain View, CA 94039. (415) 960-0410. $39.95


GRFX  S.M.  PLAY  DIFF  INTR  GAME
----------------------------------
 08    08    07    04    07    08
