
Mind Pursuit (Knowledge Game for one to four players or teams)
Compatibility: 64K Apple II series
Requirements: One disk drive; SpeeDemon optional


     When Trivial Pursuit hit the boardgame market like a bombshell, computer game designers were quick to see their own medium's potential. What, after all, could be more made-for-computer than a data base with a few bells and whistles? The resulting packages, while not altogether unsuccessful, have demonstrated that a worthwhile trivia game is not such a trivial design task. Practically everyone underestimates human memory; and publishers have been shocked by the rapidity with which several hundred juicy questions become 'old favorites'and, thus, obsolete. A good many otherwise decent knowledge games have proved to be remarkably short-lived entertainment values.

     Mind Pursuit is DataSoft's new entry in the trivia sweepstakes. Modestly labeled "the ultimate test of information and knowledge", the game features a large question base covering five areas: science and nature, history and geography, TV and films, sports and games, and culture. Questions occupy two diskette sides with at least one supplemental question diskette available from the publisher.

     Recognizing that flexibility and variety in format play a major role in otherwise dry question-answer contests, DataSoft offers occassional sound and picture clues plus several game arrangement options. You can play the mainly-text version to a preset point or time limit; or you may choose to race along a chutes and ladders-type gameboard-- all with or without a question timer.

     Since each question's category is randomly selected (you press a key to stop the roll of an on-screen die), Mind Pursuit mitigates the impact of chance by offering questions in three flavors. Fill-in-the-blankers score 100 points; multiple choice types are worth 50; and you make just 25 points on true/false questions. Except on the gameboard, wrong answers subtract; so the correct strategy might just balance an over-confident opponent's edge in knowledge. On the gameboard, question 'flavor' availability is limited by point value of accessible squares. Here strategy involves such choices as selecting a 50-pointer to traverse two 25-point squares or taking a shortcut consisting mainly of 100-point squares. Finally, a sixth "Grab Bag" 'category' awards an accurate response with a shot at another question on the same turn.

     As claimed, Mind Pursuit evidences significantly reduced occurance of question repeats vis-a-vis similar products. Game speed is adequate, though still perhaps half what it should be; and there is no provision for saving and displaying winning scores. Still, of the several trivia/knowledge buffs who tried the game all proclaimed it the best, most enjoyable computer contest of its kind. Smooth running, attractive, and challenging, Mind Pursuit is a solid investment in parlor gaming fun.


Available from DataSoft: 19808 Nordhoff Place, Chatsworth, CA 91311. (818) 886-5922. $29.95 (Supplemental Diskette: $14.95)


GRFX  S.M.  PLAY  DIFF  INTR  GAME
----------------------------------
 07    06    06    06    07    07
