
The Never Ending Story (Picture/Text Adventure)
Compatibility: 64K Apple II series
Requirements: One disk drive

by Jeff Hurlburt


     Scientific scepticism, the "realistic" approach to child rearing, and similar influences have taken their toll on Fantasia. Indeed, the personification of disbelief, known as the Great All Consuming Nothing, is swallowing the land of imagination and wonder at an alarming rate. In DataSoft's "The Never Ending Story" you are Atreyu, a boy of magical Fantasia whom fate has chosen to restore faith in fantasy and thus turn back the Nothing before it munches your land into extinction.

     As in the movie your quest is two-pronged. In Fantasia you must find Auryn, an amulet symbolizing the land's magical powers, penetrate the Ivory Tower, and restore the stricken Empress. Meanwhile, back in the mundane world, young Bastian Bux is in a dusty attic reading about your adventures. As Atreyu makes progress, Bastian's belief in the realm of magic grows. With success in Fantasia Bastian's faith is confirmed and the Nothing is vanquished (reduced to nothingness?)  Pop metaphysics aside, your main tasks are to befriend key characters (such as Falkor the luckdragon), collect twenty or so needed items, and look for clues for guidance through each of three "levels". Except for Gmork, the Nothing's henchman, there are few hazards; and, with a minimal parser recognizing fewer than forty commands, not much room for complications either.

     Though offering decent (one-third screen) graphics, above average sound, and efficient save/restore routines, the game is beset by some unfortunate embellishments. Notably, the psuedo-cursive script is difficult to read; and the Nothing continues its advances whether or not you are moving. The latter is especially bothersome since you end up having to enter "PAUSE" frequently just to keep the program from displaying its notification (that time has passed) and scrolling out the text you are trying to read. Representing a Mr. Rogers-class challenge wrapped in a cliche'-ridden clap-if-you-believe-in-magic scenario, "The Never Ending Story" might work as a parent plus child undertaking. Otherwise, score one for the Great Nothing.


Available from DataSoft: 19808 Nordhoff Place, Chatsworth, CA 91311. (818) 886-5922. $29.95


GRFX  S.M.  PLAY  DIFF  INTR  GAME
----------------------------------
 06    05    07    05    06    05

 rtaking. Otherwise, score one for the Great Nothing.


Available from DataSoft: 19808 Nordhoff Place, Chatsworth, CA 91311. (818) 886-5922. $29.95

