
The Great International Paper Airplane Construction Kit (Design/Construction Activity)
Compatibility: 64K Apple II series
Requirements: One disk drive, dot-matrix printer; second drive, hard disk optional


     Beyond question, the design, production, and flight of paper airplanes ranks high among man's more rewarding liesure time pursuits. Here creativity and craftsmanship meet their ultimate challenge and any test launch may signal dramatic breakthroughs. (Will the Zarf B's radical new wing configuration give it the lift and stability to surpass the Zarf A's hallflight record? How will it handle air conditioner vent turbulence?).  Recognizing the obvious potential for computer aided design and manufacturing in such a high-tech field, Simon & Schuster has introduced a CAD/CAM package guarenteed to revolutionize you paper airplane development capabilities.

     The Great International Paper Airplane Construction Kit ("GIPACK") consists of an 80-page large format manual, reference card, and diskette. After describing program operation and offering a few helpful hints, the bulk of the manual is devoted to the thirteen planes available on the diskette. There is a photograph of each plane, a short blurb describing awards won and flight characteristics, and how-to diagrams for cutting and folding. Later on, each of the diskette's hires templates is reproduced, both with and without markings. The remaining pages depict available markings (e.g. wingflaps, logos, numbers, etc.).

     Since the program's only functions are to access and printout plane templates (standard hires picture files), you will need to call upon your favorite graphics utility to modify existing designs, create new ones, and to lift and add markings. (The manual recommends "Mouse Paint".)

    "GIPACK" is a clever idea which just happens to produce paper airplanes that actually perform. The archetypal executive status symbol, yet suitable for children of all ages, it will produce many afternoon's worth of fodder for the active hand and mind.


Available from Simon & Schuster : 1230 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10020. (212) 333-2882. $29.95


GRFX  S.M.  PLAY  DIFF  INTR  GAME
----------------------------------
 07    08    06    04    06    07
