
Perry Mason (Picture/Text Adventure)
Compatibility: 64K Apple II series
Requirements: One disk drive; second drive optional


     When Perry Mason agrees to defend Laura Kapp, arrested for the murder of her restaurateur husband, Victor, there is really only one question. Since his client is obviously as pure as the driven snow, who did it? 

     In Telarium's Perry Mason: The Case of the Mandarin Murders you take the role of the famed attorney, ably assisted by investigator Paul Drake and your secretary, Della Street. As usual, it looks like everything is stacked in the prosecution's favor; and if you can't nail the real murderer, little Laura could take the Big Fall!

     In several respects an unusual sort of adventure, Perry Mason is arranged in two major phases: investigation and trial. (Just like the TV series.)  Since poor Victor was found shot to death in the Kapp's swanky apartment (with an unconscious, gun-wielding Laura nearby), you begin with a room-by-room serch for clues. 

     Whether you follow Sargent Holcomb's admonition not to remove anything is your decision; but it's important to get a good look at everything now, since it may be your last chance. Probably, visiting your jailed client is a good idea; and you will definitely want to call on Drake's expertise and Della's talent for persuading hesitant witnesses.

     One thing you don't lack is suspects. Besides the doorman, and a restaurant critic, there's an ex-business partner and Margot Duboq (Victor's mistress?), whom Drake describes as "a curvy little croissant"-- among others. Remember, you haven't got all year to check out these characters. In this game the wheels of justice grind like a chainsaw; and before you know it, you're in court.

     The coup de grace, one way or the other, is delivered in the courtroom. Here you may call, examine, and cross-examine witnesses, introduce evidence, and even engage in your justly famous theatrics. Paul and Della are still ready to help; but D.A. Hamilton Burger is a tough adversary, so don't be overly discouraged if things don't pan out the first few times you try the case. (Laura's the one who should be discouraged!)

     Telarium has expended a good deal of effort to make its mystery/trial adventure both playable and realistic. Parsing is entirely adequate, especially with accompanying word lists, a chart on "sentence building", and explicit descriptions of game courtroom procedures. Offering good art work, multi-place save/restore, and surprisingly detailed characters, Perry Mason is an innovative, challenging, and entertaining approach to long popular themes.


Available from Telarium: One Kendall Square, Cambridge, MA 02139. (617)-494-1200. $39.95


GRFX  S.M.  PLAY  DIFF  INTR  GAME
----------------------------------
 07    08    07    08    08    08
