
Paul Whitehead Teaches Chess including Coffeehouse Chess Monster (Chess Tutorial/Player)
Compatibility: 64K Apple II series
Requirements: One disk drive; printer optional


     Before computers, would-be wood pushers used to learn how to play chess via instruction at the hands of a chess player and/or by studying 'how to' books. Hence the proliferation of such titles as "Learn Chess Fast", "They Laughed When I Sat Down to Play", etc. The advantages of the guru-plus-books approach are obvious, since learning the game involves both learning how the pieces move and a chance to maneuver them against an active opponent. Fortunately for those long on desire but short on gurus, Paul Whitehead and his pal, the Coffeehouse Chess Monster, are ready to lead you into the wonderful world of forks, pins, and open files.

     Paul Whitehead Teaches Chess (PWTC) is a collection of discussions accompanied by examples and pictorial illustrations. Where an example involves a move sequence, you are able to step through the moves, obtaining additional commentary where warranted. A key feature of the experience is the ready accessibility of a chess playing program (actually a pretty good one) named the "Chess Monster". Here you may experiment the tutorial position from either side and then return to the tutorial.

     Each tutorial unit is an instructional jewel; but much of this effort would be for nought were it not for careful organization. PWTC makes sure the units and sub-units are arranged so that, as you move through the program, everything makes sense. 

     Beginning with "Main Topics" ("Rules", "Tactics for Each Piece", "Opening Principals", and "The Endgame") all you need do is select topics and sub-topics according to your own interests. You may or may not choose to immerse yourself in, for example, knight tactics. If you do, you won't suddenly encounter a discussion on "bishop pins"; nor are you likely to miss something important concerning knight tactics. To help you plan your quest PWTC includes a large, detailed map of  the package's topics 'tree'.

     Evidently, the program is virtually 'fool proof', at least as regards getting lost. At one point, after several switches to and from the "Monster", I took a wrong turn and wound up 'elsewhere'. Since all branches eventually return to the "Main Topics" menu, I was soon unlost and ready to go on. (Actually, it's fun to wander around the program just to see what's there.)  

     Hardcopy documentation, except for the map, is a weakness; but otherwise, the package is first rate. Offering a very flexible, interesting learning environment, Paul Whitehead and the "Coffee House Chess Monster" have teamed up to produce an in-depth, action-packed route to chess mastery.


Available from Enlightenment: 1240 Sanchez, San Francisco, CA 94114. (415) 641-9131. $49.95


GRFX  S.M.  PLAY  DIFF  INTR  GAME/ED
-------------------------------------
 07    06    07    05    07    06/08
