
Rings of Zilfin (Animated Adventure)
Compatibility: 48K Apple II, II+, IIe, IIgs, III
Requirements: One disk drive; second drive, SpeeDemon optional


    "I, a fiend of darkness, will bring back the greed and hate and pain that makes a proper world. To achieve this exalted task I declare myself overlord of all I survey. ALL IS NOBLE DARKNESS!" 

     Well, it's nice to know where you stand; and, in conquered Batiniq, if one is not a minion of the evil Lord Dragos, ones prospects are all too grim. In SSI's Rings of Zilfin you are a simple youth marked by newly discovered magical abilities as the only one who might, some day, challenge the most powerful of necromancers.

     Created long ago by well-meaning Zilfin wizard's, the twin Rings, when worn together, confirm supernatural power-- just the thing for doing in an evil arch mage. One ring is lost somewhere in Batiniq; which may be just as well, since the other is held by Dragos, who would like very much to have them both! While, sooner or later, you will have to secure the pair (hopefully for yourself), this proves a distant concern in what turns out to be a somewhat involved, very long-playing adventure.

     The game's distinguishing feature-- that which most obviously sets it apart from other fantasies-- is the extent to which animation is employed, not just to add isolated touches of arcade pizzazz, but as a kind of glue which holds everything together. 

     When traveling between towns (castles, etc.), you are shown as a walking figure against a scrolling backdrop. Along the way you can stop and pick valuable plants or, perhaps, garner information from passing monks. At night the sky darkens and you can make camp, though often you will have to unlimber your trusty bow to fight off attacks from the air. 

     Swordplay or magic is the only way across demon-patrolled bridges or through clearings and other places guarded by other deadly adversaries. Castles, caves, towns, etc., all richly illustrated, offer even more varied encounters. Here you engage in trade to fatten your purse, buy weapons and supplies, sell gems won from monsters, dig for information, and obtain key items. Occassionally, you may have to dispatch fanatic followers of the dark path; but you will also meet personages vital to your quest and have an opportunity to increase magic or sword skills.

     Boasting attractive artwork, efficient save/restore, and good use of sound, Rings of Zilfin is a unique melding of arcade, picture-text, and map adventure forms, which plays much like a very lively, colorful, and involved version of each. Most entries are single-key commands; character development is important, and you need to keep an eye on such items as hit points and food supply. 

     Good mapping is essential as are notes covering everything from obscure clues through prices of trade goods-- few games, in fact, are so demanding yet so much fun to play. Accompanied by clear, well-organized documentation, Rings of Zilfin is a genuine breakthrough in game design, definitely among the year's top entertainment values.


Available from Strategic Simulations: 1046 N. Rengstorff Ave., Mountain View, CA 94043-1716. (415) 964-1353. $39.95


GRFX  S.M.  PLAY  DIFF  INTR  GAME
----------------------------------
 08    07    07    07    08    09
