
Road Rally U.S.A. (Educational Simulation)
Compatibility: 64K Apple II series
Requirements: One disk drive


     According to the popular wisdom, if you want to 'discover America', then the way to do it is to hop in your car and go. Evidently, some people at Looking Glass Software agree, even going the extra mile to add a touch of competition pizazz. In Road Rally U.S.A. you race the clock as maps and clues guide your travels.

     Your objective in this geography learning game is to visit all designated sites before the twelve-minute timer on your dashboard reads "00:00". After you select one of seven major regions (Northwest, South Central, etc.) and difficulty level, a closeup "section map" appears showing your auto, highways, filling stations, city markers, and such location clues as barns, oilwells, and factories. At the lowest difficulty level you will be directed to your first target city by name; otherwise, you get a clue (e.g. "Look for the cowboys here" = Dallas).

     From here on the key to success is to locate yourself on the appropriate region map card (only the cards show route numbers and place names) and to make use of the information supplied on the back of the card. Once you have figured out where to go and the best route to take, you drive to the target where you will be given the next destination. 

     An occassional car crunching hazard (falling rocks, etc.) and running out of gas can put you out of the running (you start with three autos); so you need to keep an eye on your gas gauge and pay attention when your radio flashes a hazard warning. When you reach your last designated target the game is over and a score is awarded based mainly upon time remaining, accuracy of site identification, and cars left. (High scores are not saved.)

      Road Rally is a thoroughly enjoyable way to get a feel for U.S. geography and learning some useful facts besides. Displayed and on-card maps are accurate and highways approximate actual routes. Well done sound effects and attractive, smooth graphics round out a fine educational experience.


Available from Bantam Software: 666 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10103. (212) 765 6500. $39.95


GRFX  S.M.  PLAY  DIFF  INTR  GAME/ED
-------------------------------------
 08    08    08    05    06    07/07
