
The Rocky Horror Show (Mini-Adventure)
Compatibility: 64K Apple II series
Requirements: One disk drive, joystick

by Jeff Hurlburt


     No, you can't use the phone; and don't bother trying to leave either. Your host, the infamous Dr. Frank N. Furter, just will not hear of it-- not on such a stormy night-- and to drive the point home he freezes your fiance with his Medusa Machine! In Activision's "The Rocky Horror Show" you are Brad or Janet, locked in a madhouse with Frank and his gang of Transylvanian flakes. The only way to free your loved one and escape is to construct a de-Medusa machine from parts scattered about the castle. Don't look for any help and forget about things looking better in the morning. The countdown has already started; and sometime tonight the whole place is scheduled to blast-off for Transylvania!

     Showcasing smooth four-quadrant movement against colorful castle room backgrounds, this first edition of the new "Electric Dreams" series is a true, no-game-save, adventure quickie. You have only about twenty frantic minutes to locate the fifteen machine pieces and bring them, one at a time, to the theatre room where your fiance is cooling her (or his) heels.

     To make sure all this is a suitable test of your affections, most of the doors are locked, pieces are rearranged upon replays, and there are a few hazards. Besides high-voltage traps, you will need to watch out for a laser-armed manic-depressive (the butler) and reckless motorcycling Eddie, one of Frank's failed experiments who thaws to awareness when the freezer temperature goes above zero.

     Happily, most of the castle's residents are satisfied with wisecracks, though some will snatch your clothes if you let them get too close. (Bad news! since you can't do anything until once again decently attired.)

     Chiefly a challenge to organizational ability and coolness under fire, "Rocky Horror" is a deceptively tough little nut to crack. Required stick expertise is minimal, keys to locked rooms are all over the place; and, once you get into a room, any pieces there are in plain view. It looks so simple that it's easy to get sucked into replays without even being aware that the game has 'got you'. Whether a newcomer to "The Rocky Horror Show" or a devotee of the original stage play, this is one Electric Dream sure to haunt several fun filled hours.


Available from Activision: P.O. Box 7286, Mountain View, CA 94039. (415) 960-0410. $34.95


GRFX  S.M.  PLAY  DIFF  INTR  GAME
----------------------------------
 07    06    07    07    07    07

