
Tass Times in Tonetown (Adventure)
Compatibility: 64K Apple II series
Requirements: One disk drive; joystick, mouse optional


     Like many amateur experimenters, Gramps has long been fascinated by such exotic phenomena as eloptic rays, time warps, and alternate dimensions. So, when you arrive for a visit only to find his lab humming and Gramps gone, only one conclusion is possible: somehow Gramps made his transdimensional hoop work! Concerned that he may be in trouble, you snatch up his pet dog Spot, head for the hoop, and leap to the rescue.

     Tass Times' transports you to a wierd, musically-oriented community called "Tonetown". Here guitar picks are the medium of exchange and you are well advised to spend a few getting "tone" at local apparel vendors. Otherwise, you won't look "tass" (i.e. cool, hip, etc.) and may wind up just another vanished tourist. In such an odd setting you are too relieved to be mystified upon finding that Gramp's pet has emerged as Ennio, dogwonder, star reporter of the town's only newspaper, and an invaluable guide.

     The plot thickens with the discovery that Gramps has been here, that he has vanished from Tonetown, and that he was last seen arguing with Mr. Franklin Snarl, a mean-tempered wheeler-dealer land developer, who happens to be a man-size snake with fangs! Just what IS going on at Snarl's estate? What is the wetlands mystery? How do the cute little "blobpets" figure in? And, as long as you're turning up more questions than answers, why not apply for a reporter's job with the "Tonetown Times"?!

     Tass Times' offers nicely done, animated artwork, good sound, and an interesting input option. Entries may be in text or you can move an on-screen cursor to point out items you wish to take or examine. Parsing is adequate, since no complicated manipulation of items is required; and an efficient multi-position save/restore option is a great aid when it comes to trying something risky. A solid, well-planned mystery with lots of curious places to explore, Tass Times in Tonetown is guaranteed to 'tone up' your leisure hours.


Available from Activision: P.O. Box 7286, Mountain View, CA 94039. (415) 960-0410. $39.95


GRFX  S.M.  PLAY  DIFF  INTR  GAME
----------------------------------
 07    07    08    06    07    07

 