
Warrior's Realm (Maze Adventure)
Compatibility: 48K Apple II series
Requirements: One disk drive

by Jeff Hurlburt


     For any true-blue, monster-bashing hero, the ultimate reward is not wealth or power; it is fame, the grudging respect of peers, and a place in the songs of minstrels. In Gerhardt Software's "Warrior's Realm" your way to glory is up, through as many as ninety-nine levels of 10x10 randomly created mazes. Enter where you dare; but remember, the further down you start, the more monsters there are to bash, the more points to be gained, and the more brilliantly your achievement will shine in the Heroe's Hall!

     Featuring mon-arcade combat very similar to that found in such favorites as "Phantasy" and "Bard's Tale", "Warrior's Realm" is a player-paced, swords and sorcery test of strategies and nerve. In this game you are, for the most part, only as good as the weapons, armor, and magical items you carry at the moment-- that is, except for base hit points, a character 'develops' by acquiring goodies. Better swords, axes, and armor are obtained in treasure chests, along with a plethora of nifty magical artifacts. The latter include scrolls which absorb the attacks of specific monsters, cast lightning bolts, and charm monsters to fight on your side! There are potions to heal or show the location of hidden stairways, and wands good for death blasts or immediate passage to the next level. The power in such devices is expended all to soon; so they must be continually replenished. Still, if you could keep a tenth of the items won, there would be no contest; but you can never carry more than seve. Thus much thought goes into making such decisions as whether to dump a scroll still good for taking 20 balrog or dragon hits in favor of one good for absorbing 50 troll or giant strikes. Or what about dumping a potion worth two healings to pick up a three-kill deathwand?, etc.. Everything depends on your current situation, which, of course, is always changing! Fortunately, you only face one adversary at a time; and, except for wandering monsters, you can usually break off combat if things really get hot.

     Offering several new wrinkles in the venerable mazes and monsters theme, "Warrior's Realm" is a well thought-out, smooth-running product. The game's magic system is among the best you will find anywhere; and the Heroe's Hall display of winners' names and data is a strong plus. Graphics, sound, and speed are adequate; and save/restore functions work well. Supplied with a detailed manual, "Warrior's Realm" is persistantly addictive, fun, and as challenging as you dare to make it.


Available from Gerhardt Software: 32600 Concord Drive, Dept. 401, Madison Heights, MI 48071. $29.95


GRFX  S.M.  PLAY  DIFF  INTR  GAME
----------------------------------
 05    07    08   04-08  08    07

