Roped and Raped...

    I had been lying in the deck lounge chair, just reading a magazine, wearing 
my bikini, when all of the sudden one of the two men jumped me from behind and 
placed a gag across my mouth.  With the gag tightly in place he began to wrap 
ropes around my upper arm, and then my wrists, tying them tightly behind my 
back the other one pulled me to my feet and began to tie each of my ankles 
separately to the legs of the deck chair.  I was strapped to the lounge chair 
and unable to move, as they stood there and ogled my body.  They had ripped off 
my bikini top and left my panties in place, and their hungry hands roamed all 
over my body.
    I couldn't even call for help because almost as quickly as they had 
surprised me and began to time my arms and legs behind me, one of them tied a 
dirty cloth gag around my mouth so that my screams wouldn't be heard by 
anyone.  I wondered why they had selected me, and one of them said they had 
been watching me for quite a while and they were going to give me what I had 
been asking for.  They claimed I'd been teasingly them from a distance for many 
weeks, but I actually hadn't realized that I been doing that.  I immediately 
recognized one of them as being someone who came to then the lawns in the 
neighborhood, and someone whom I had waved to when I saw him in the yard next 
door.  But I never thought that I had been leading them on.  I had just been 
picking up the mail while dressed as I usually am while out of school during 
the summer break...  Highhealed sandals and a small two piece bathing suit.  
But they had thought I was teasing them with my body and now they were going to 
get some of what they thought I had been advertising.
    After talking to each other they decided to untie my legs, but only so that 
they could retie the ropes having me lying on the ground.  They shoved me hard 
until I fell to my knees and rolled onto my side in the grass.  Then they began 
to tie the ropes wrapping them around my knees and forcing them tighter and 
tighter.  I lay there, panic in my eyes, wondering what they were going to do 
next.
    One of them pulled me by the back of my head forcing me into a kneeling 
position, with my back toward them.  I was totally shocked when I was that one 
of them had pulled out a camera and was beginning to take pictures of me in 
these terrible poses.  What earthly good would taking photos do, and then I 
realized that they would probably use them to blackmail me with.  They probably 
know that my father was rich and would pay almost anything not to let pictures 
like these see the light of day.  They chuckled while they snapped more 
pictures of me, bound helpless, my bare breasts pointing out in front of me 
teasingly.
    One of them began to say that he knew how much my father would love to see 
the next set of pictures that they were going to take, that the next set would 
be more and more erotic and show the true me...  The girl that tantalized all 
the men in the neighborhood.  They were going to tell my father that I had 
posed in this bizarre fashion willingly, and I truly loved being a helpless 
victim of passion.
    They tied and untied me, and then retied me in different poses.  They had 
me lay back down on the lounge with my arms over my head and my ankles bound to 
the base of the chair.  I squirmed and flexed my muscles while I lay there, 
hoping that I could somehow be able to get free, but nothing seemed to work.  
They only tied each rope tighter, until my hands and ankles began to feel 
painfully raw from the ropes rubbing against my sort skin.
    Neither one of them had really made any sexual advances to me yet, but I 
sensed that it was only a matter of time.  And within the next few minutes, 
after they had me back on my feet standing on the lawn again, one of them 
unzipped his pants and extracted one of the largest cocks I had ever seen.  It 
had a huge purple, angry looking head, and a long thick shaft.
    When I saw him walking towards me with that weapon in his hand, I began to 
scream, I worked the gag down off my lips and a loud yell pierced the air.  The 
fellow quickly walked over and rather than covering my mouth with the gag, he 
silenced me with his penis, forcing it to sink deeply between my lips.  I could 
feel myself beginning to choke as he rammed the full length of it deeper and 
deeper into my throat.  He pumped furiously, his prick growing more and more in 
side with each thrust into my wet mouth.  I decided rather than fighting it, I 
would give in and just get it over with, and began to suck and lick with all I 
had in me, and he began to respond.  He grabbed the back of my head with both 
hands and began to pump faster into my sore mouth.  I licked the shaft in long 
strokes as he plunged in and out, in and out, my body was otherwise totally 
helpless, because of the ropes around my arms and legs.  His friend was 
stroking my nipples and stomach with his hands, and I could tell by the look on 
the one guy's face that he was about to ejaculate.  I could feel his balls 
begin to contract and expand as the first jets of cum hit the back of my 
throat.  I couldn't swallow it and his sperm began to run out the corners of my 
mouth.  And when he was done he smeared what had run out of my mouth all across 
my face with the head of his cock, rubbing in into my skin until it dried on my 
face.
    The second guy now had me standing up again, with my hands and arms tied 
behind my back.  My panties were still my the rest of my body was naked.  He 
leaned down and began biting my nipples, first one and then the other with his 
hungry mouth.  I could feel his hands roaming lower and lower towards my pussy.
    My legs were being retied to the legs of the chair so that I was bound in 
place one again.  I could feel his hands roaming up and down, pinching my ass 
cheeks inside the bikini panties and running up to my nipples.  I could feel 
his hands caressing and cupping my breasts.
    The second guy untied my legs form the lounge chair once again and pushed 
me down on mu knees in from of him.  I knelt in the ground and looked at him 
pleadingly, wondering what he had on his mind.  He withdrew his cock from his 
pants and began to stroke it to life in front of me.  The he edged a little 
closed and placed it in a direct line with my face.  I knew that he wanted the 
same the his friend had just received.  He quickly slipped the gag from my 
mouth and shoved his hard cock inside my tired mouth.  He rubbed the head of 
his cock across my tongue and pushed it hard against the inside of my cheek.  
He also grabbed the back of my head and pushed, as if fucking me in the mouth.
    Suddenly, he slipped his cock out of my mouth, covered it with the gag 
again, and ordered me to lie on my back on the grass.  I was completely 
helpless, spread-eagled on the lawn, hands tied behind me, and at their mercy.  
The two of them quickly shed all their clothes and began to mount me in 
different directions.  One of them knelt between my thighs and literally ripped 
my bikini panties off my body.  He then pushed my knees clear up to my chest 
spreading my ass cheeks wide and exposing my virgin bottom.  He shoved his big 
cock roughly into my tight ass, while the other guy inserted his cock back into 
my mouth.
    The tears streamed down my face as I lay there sobbing and gagging from the 
force of the the one guy's cock poking at the back of my throat.  His balls 
were swinging back and forth, slapping up against my face, as his cock pushed 
relentlessly into my open cavity.  He grabbed my nipples hard, clamping them 
between his thumb and forefinger, twisting and kneading them roughly.  He began 
to pull my small breasts upward, finally lifting me off the ground slightly.  I 
tried to scream, but could only produce a muffled gagging sound with his semen 
oozing cock filling my small mouth.  As with the first guy, I could feel his 
balls begin to pump their hot load of sperm into my mouth, but this guy wanted 
to jam it all down my throat.  There was nothing I could do to protest this 
abuse,  I had to lie there and take it all.

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
This quality file was downloaded from

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³        9600: 503-775-0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s
