Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





by:  Big Daddy



 Rachel's Baby * (Father fucks his pregnant daughter and recalls
how he got her pregnant in the first place)

	Steven bent down and kissed his daughter lightly on the lips.	

"How are you feeling today sweetheart?" he asked.

"Just fine daddy," Rachel replied.

"And how's our baby?" Steven patted her swollen tummy.

"She's sleeping."

"Is she now?" Steven asked as he got on his knees and started
kissing his daughter's stomach through her gown.  "That's too
bad."

"Why daddy?"

"Well," Steven said as he lifted his daughters gown up over her
knees then spread her legs, "I was kind of hoping I could play
with you right now."

"Oh daddy don't be silly," Rachel giggled as she turned sideways
and began to lay down on the couch.  "You can play with me any
time you want and you know it."

Steven spread his daughters legs on the couch and pulled her
panties to the side before pressing his face into her crotch. 
Rachel felt her father's tongue slip up inside her wet clit and
then begin flicking it in a frenzied fashion.

"Ooohh daddy!  Your so good to me..."

"You're young pussy tastes so good, " Steven growled, "I could
just eat it all day!"

"Well be my guest daddy, " Rachel said as she raised her ass off
the couch a little to grind her clit against her fathers face. 
"Eat my pussy all you want."

Using his fingers now to spread her pink lips, Steven licked
harder.   "I Just love having my tongue in your pussy sweety"

"mmm, " Rachel groaned as she began pulling up her loose dress
over her stomach to reveal her swollen naked tummy.

Steven reached up and began caressing her bare tummy as he
licked her clit feverishly.

"OH god daddy!!  I want you to cum in me now! " she shouted at
last.  "Cum in my pussy like you did when you got me pregnant!"

"I thought you'd never ask," Steven said as he stood up and
began undoing his pants.  Rachel crawled off the couch and got
on her hands and knees in the center of the livingroom floor. 
Pulling her dress off over her head, Steven smiled watching her
massive breasts swinging as she wiggled her ass.

"Do you want me like this daddy?"

"Yes baby!" he said pulling off his pants and dropping to his
knees.  Steven got behind her and began rubbing her ass gently.

"Are you sure we wont wake the baby?"

"She's going to have to get used to it," Rachel said sexily.  "I
mean, I'm going to make her watch you whenever you fuck me so
I'm sure we'll be waking her sometimes when we're in the mood
late at night."

"Oh ya?" Steven asked as he ran his finger down the crack of her
ass.  "You're going to make her watch?"

"Oh yes!" Rachel insisted.  "I want her to see how beautiful it
is when my daddy fucks me.  I want her to get used to seeing her
father's cock in me so we don't have to worry about her catching
us."

"I guess I better not disappoint her then, " he said as he
grabbed his rod and slipped it into his daughter's wet cunt. 
Slowly he pushed up into her, feeling her stretching around him,
from behind and sank himself to the balls.

"OHH GOD!!!!" Rachel screamed.  "I can't wait till she can watch
you fuck me!!"

"You're still so tight!  Good god!!!"

"Oh daddy, your so sweet.  I hope having a baby doesn't ruin it
for you."

"Oh it wont sweety, " Steven reassured her as he slid out of her
and rubbed her back.  "Trust me, I'll always love fucking your
hot pussy!"

"Daddy?" Rachel grunted.

"Yes?"

"Make me cum.  Bang my pussy really hard daddy."

Steven grabbed her hips and started jamming himself into her as
hard as possible.

"Like THIS??" he smashed into her.

"YES!!!...LIKE...THAT...DADDY!!!!"

"Remember how much I made you cum the night I got you pregnant?

"OH GOD daddy!" Rachel screamed.  "I remember!  I'm CUMMING
daddy!!!  Just like the night you came in me!!!"

"God I love making you cum!!" Steven said as he watched her neck
swell and the veins pop out as she orgasmed hard.

"Oh...oh...oh...GOD...daddy...oh....mmmmm......"

Steven loved the sound of his hips slapping his daughter ass
over and over again as she panted and groaned like the first
time.

"I want you to ride my cock like you did that night, honey."

"OH GOD daddy.  Yes!!!" Rachel said as she felt him slide out of
her.  Quickly she turned around as her father laid down on his
back.  Carefully she stood up and then positioned herself over
his protruding pole.  Slowly she lowered herself, bending her
knees and letting her crotch rest just above him.  Grabbing his
rod in her hand she stood it up and rubbed the spongy head
around her wet clit.  

"MMmmm...I just love to feel your cock rubbing all over my
pussy!"

"That's it baby!" Steven gasped.  "Just rub it up and down that
pretty little slit."

"I want it in me daddy," She panted.  "I want so bad just to sit
on your big cock."

"I know sweetheart," Steven smiled.  "But not yet.  Just rub the
head around some more."

"Oh daddy, I can feel your huge cockhead spreading my pussy
lips.  Let me put it in!  Please daddy!  Let me put it inside
me."

"Ok sweety,  sit on daddy' cock"

"OOOHHHHH!!!!!" Rachel gasped as she pushed herself down onto
his pole and felt him stretching her once more.  Steven watched
his thick pole sink deeper and deeper into his pregnant daughter
and smiled.

"Look at your huge fucking cock in me daddy!!!  My pussy's so
small and pretty.  Look at how stretched it is!!  See how my
pussy is all stretched around your big cock daddy??"

"Oh god yes honey!  I see!  I see!  Your pussy is so small and
pretty!"

"I couldn't fit any more cock in my pussy daddy!  You're the
biggest cock that could ever possibly fit in my little pussy!  I
can feel my pussy stretched so fucking far daddy!!!"

"I know sweetheart.  Daddy's cock was made specially for your
tight little pussy.  God made my cock the perfect size to fill
your pretty pussy up."

"I'm going to cum again daddy!" Rachel screamed as she slid up
and down on his pole.  "Look at your big cock sliding in and out
of me daddy!!!"

"I see baby!  Just come on daddy's big cock."

"OH FUCK!!!! I'm cumming!!!!!  Where are you going to fit all
your cum daddy?  My pussy is so full already! I couldn't
possibly take all your cum inside me."

"We'll make it fit sweety!  Is your pussy REALLY stretched on
daddy's cock?"

"OH GOD DADDY!!! My pussy is SOOO stretched!!!"










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....