When I went to college as an undergraduate a while back at the University 
of Missouri-Columbia there are these outdoor racquetball courts.  
They are all concrete, high walls, with no roof.  One of my fantasies 
was to play a little more than racquetball with some girl here.  I mean it
was a cool place, you were outdoors, in a public place but the high
walls provided most of the privacy you needed.

I had no steady girlfriend that semester and could think of only one
girl who I could coax into a situation like that, Sally.  Sally was a 
sophomore I think and it was rumored that she was picking up guys 
while she worked part-time as a waitress at a pizza place.  We both
hung out with the same group of friends and she had flirted with me
a lot.  Now Sally was no raving beauty but was rather plain looking.
She had short, brown curly hair and brown eyes and freckles.  
My guess was that she was about 5' 5", medium weight.

I asked her if she would be interested in playing and she said sure.
It was one of those warm spring days when the temperature shot up
in the 80's and everyone was thankful to be wearing shorts and t-shirts
for a change.  Sally had on shorts and a pullover shirt and looked nice.
I told her so.  She smiled and said thanks.  We batted the ball around
and then played a game.  After the first game I was getting hot and asked if 
she would mind if I took off my shirt.  She said not at all.  I could tell
she appreciated the view (I did work out at the gym).  At the end of the
set, we were both hot and sweaty.  So we walked to the back of the 
court and pulled the towels and water bottle out of the bag.  

She ran her hands across my bare chest and commented on how sweaty 
I was as we sat down with our backs against the wall.  I brushed my hand 
across her face and said "So are you".  I impulsively gave her a 
quick kiss on the check to see what her reaction was.  I could taste 
her saltiness and smiled as she smiled back.  She leaned over and 
kissed me on the lips while her hands stayed on my chest.  She couldn't 
help but feel my heart thumping away at high speed.  Our lips parted 
and our tongues met.  After a minute or two of this very nice kiss she 
swung around, on her knees, placing one leg between my legs, fully 
embracing me with her arms.  Her leg was against my crotch and
my cock let her know I was glad she was there.  My hands roamed under 
her shirt, carressing her smooth, sweaty back.  She pulled away to peel
off her shirt.  I reached back to unhook her bra, adding it to the growing
pile of clothes.   I immediately started to suck and lick her erect nipples.
She sighed as my tongue flicked over her left one.  Meanwhile, I pulled gently
on the other nipple.  I could tell she was enjoying it by her moans.  
With my free hand, I reached down and pulled my very hard cock out of
my shorts.  I'd like to know what my blood pressure was that day because
my cock was a good inch longer than usual and rock hard.  Sally
reached down and started to stroke it.  At the same time, I slide my 
hand up her shorts and found her very wet panties.  Hastily I pulled
them aside and slid two fingers into her pussy.  She was sopping wet.
We both had the same thought in mind.  We stood up and quickly pulled
down our shorts and underwear, not even bothering with the shoes
or socks.  I was semi-reclined on the floor with my back against
the wall.  Sally lowered herself onto my cock in one fluid motion
and didn't stop until I was all the way in.  She immediately started
humping me in a kind of circular motion, rocking back, then up,
forward and down.  I knew by her frantic motion that style and finesse
would not count in this race.  It took all of my effort to keep from
shooting my wad as my cock worked all around her pussy.  I'm embarrassed
to say that I didn't last long under this kind of treatment.
I nearly passed out as I came inside her.  I'm sure she felt every
pulse as I did it.  Sensing it was now or never she started to frantically
pump up and down, her eyes glazing and her fingers digging into my
shoulders as she came.

Sally slowed her rocking down as we both came down from our high.
My cock was still fairly hard so it felt good for both of us
as I moved in and out.  And she was so wet from the combination
of her and my juices that I could feel them oozing out and down
my balls and ass and onto the towel.  Someone once said if sex
isn't messy then you aren't doing it right.  Well we had definitely
done it right!  The sweat was also dripping off of both of us.
The feel of her naked, slippery body on top of mine made my cock 
hard again.  She noticed this too but said she needed to switch 
positions because her knees were hurting her.  

Anything was fine with me at that point.  She hopped off and we
spread the towels and clothes on the concrete.  Not that it helped
that much.  She laid on her back and I gently laid on top of her
as she guided me into her.  We started french kissing again as
I pumped into her.  She wrapped her legs around me and dug her
tennis shoes into my ass.  This "spurred" me on to pumping even
harder.  I wasn't as hard as the first time but I could tell I
would last a lot longer.   I started to match my strokes with 
the little breathes she was taking and after a few minutes was 
rewarded by watching her cum again.  We both lay there panting
when she realized I still hadn't cum yet.  I suggested we try
a different position and she readily agreed.  I'll say this for
Sally, she may not have looked the part but she was the best
sex partner I ever had.  So I got her to get on her hands and
knees, this time putting most of the loose clothing under her 
knees for padding.  With one hand on her hip, I held my cock
and slid it into her pussy.  I started to pump away, looking 
down and watching my cock plunge in and out and the lips of her 
pussy moving with my cock.  This is my favorite position, but not
only for the view that I just mentioned.  It is my opinion
that some of the most beautiful curves the good Lord made
are those on a womans hips, rearend, and the small of her
back.  I was in heaven looking down at Sally's curves, touch
them, stroking them as I slid in and out of her.  I reached under her
and started to caress her clit.  She really liked that and started
bucking back into me, meeting me stroke for stroke.  From her
loud moans I knew she was cuming again and now it was my turn.
With one last thrust I pushed up into her as far as I could
go.  I leaned forward, my chest against her back with one
hand around her tummy, cuming inside of her.  We were both
exhausted.  We slowly cleaned ourselves up and put our clothes
back on.  We walked weak-kneed back to her dorm and crashed.

We never became serious in our dating and over time we both
ended up seeing someone else.  But I still wonder about her sometimes,
especially on those warm spring days when everyone is glad 
to be wearing shorts and t-shirts.

Jimbob of Champaign/Urbana
