                                "A Racy Lady"
                                   Part 1
                            "A Day at the Races"

        Colleen was really into auto racing. She and a group of her friends
went every Friday night to a race track 100 miles or so away, cheering wildly
as they followed the action. The past year Colleen her begun to wonder if 
there was any way that she, herself, could become part of the excitment of an 
auto race, and not just be a spectator. 

        Then one week, everyone else in her little group had other plans, and
Colleen faced the long drive to the race track alone. She decided that this
weekend, she would try to be more than just a spectator.

        She knew she could buy a pass to the area inside the track where the
drivers and crews worked on the cars. Arriving, she paid her fee, got her 
pass, and wandered in a happy daze through the crowded infield. The roar of
engines being tuned, the odor of gasoline, oil, and exhaust was somehow
exciting. At the start of one race, she climbed up onto a platform where
members of the various car's crews watched the race, talking to their drivers
by radio.

        The race was wild. Colleen cheered wildly as a blue car, which had 
begun the race at the very end of the line, weaved expertly through the mass 
of roaring machinery, passing the last car just as the checkered flag waved.
The blue car had gone from last to first, winning the race.

        Colleen had never seen driving like that. Wanting to meet this
wonderful race driver, she climbed down and ran to where the winner's area
was. The blue car pulled in off the track, and the driver climbed out the
window. To Colleen's amazement, a woman's face smiled back as the cameras
flashed. The blue car was driven by a woman her own age.

        She couldn't believe it. She just stood there, watching as the crowd
faded away as the next race began. Staring at the woman, at the powerful race
car she had climbed out of. Amazing.

        And then she realized she was the only one remaining. The crowd's
attention had been drawn to the next race. The woman looked back at her with
curiosity. "Can I help you?", she asked.

        Colleen turned red. "Oh, I'm sorry. I just thought that was a 
wonderful race, and I just wanted to congratulate you..." Her voice trailed
off as the woman gazed at her, smiling happily.

        "Well, thank you very much", the woman said. "Do you come here every
Friday?" Colleen nodded. "I've never seen you before", the woman added.

        "Um, I'm just a spectator. I mean, I usually sit over there and watch
with my friends, but they couldn't make it, and so..." She motioned to the
grandstands on the outside of the track.

        "...and so you decided to see what it was like in here?" Her eyes
widening at the woman's understanding, Colleen nodded. The woman nodded
back. "I know exactly how you feel. I was like that, too. Now I'm here". She
grinned, pointing to the car, to the winner's circle she stood in.

        This is what I want, thought Colleen. She did it. I can do it.

        The woman looked at her closely. "Do you know anything about cars?"
Colleen blushed and, looking at the ground, shook her head. 

        "Not much", she muttered. "But I learn fast", she added, looking back
up at the woman defiantly. The woman nodded.

        "I'll bet you do. I do a lot of things fast too." She paused for a
moment. "How would you like to help me?"

        YIPPEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!, screamed Colleen to herself. I'm here. I'm
going to be part of the action. Her head bobbing furiously up and down, she
said yes, she would love it. The woman laughed, and Colleen found her first
job was to help push the car back to the woman's trailer.

        To her sheer delight, the woman asked Colleen if she would be
interested in helping the next week as well. Ecstatic, Colleen readily
agreed. The woman gave her a small card to show at the gate, and she wouldn't
have to but a pass. Proudly, Colleen looked at the card, which had the
woman's car number and the words "PIT CREW" in bold letters. As the woman
said goodbye, she finally realized she didn't know the woman's name. They 
laughingly introduced each other. The woman's name was Julie.

        During the next week, Colleen carried the card everywhere, but kept
it secret. One by one the gang called, asking what time they were to meet.
Smugly, Colleen said she wasn't going with them. If pressed, Colleen
would only say she had to work.

        The following Friday, Colleen wore faded jeans and a man's work
shirt, per Julie's intructions. Also as per Julie, she packed a small bag
with a change of clothes, just in case. As she drove to the race track, it
was all she could to to keep herself from speeding. Arriving, she grinned
widely at the gate and showed her card. The guard smiled back and waved her 
through. Colleen parked her car and searched around until she found Julie's
trailer. Julie was inside, getting ready to roll the car out.

        They greeted each other warmly, and they got the car ready. Then, to
Colleen's disbelief, Julie asked her if she'd like to go for a ride in the
race car. Feeling as if she'd gone to heaven, Colleen breathlessly agreed.

                                  Part 2
                               "Excitement"

        Julie said it would only be one lap, while she checked out the car's
handling. Colleen didn't care. She was getting a ride in a RACE CAR.

        Julie laughed as she tried to help Colleen climb through the
passenger window. Race cars had no doors, she pointed out. Colleen sat in
a heavy racing seat, and Julie fastened all the safety belts, apologizing
profusely as she tightened an uncomfortable belt that pressed tightly into
Colleen's crotch. This was so she didn't slide out in an accident, Julie
said. Then Colleen watched as Julie climbed in beside her and fastened all
her own belts. As the engine roared to life, Colleen could feel a powerful
throb between her legs. Oh, this was going to be great, she thought.

        Julie pulled onto the track and, seeing it clear of traffic, quickly
accelerated. Eyes wide in fear and wonder, Colleen held on as Julie zoomed
around the track, faster than anything Colleen had ever imagined in her
life. God, she thought, it really doesn't LOOK that fast from the stands.

        She knew she could never go back to just watching. Unaware that she
was screaming, yelling, whooping and hollering, Colleen rode with Julie
around the race track. Adrenaline pumped freely into her system.

        Pulling back in, they unfastened the belts and akwardly climbed out.
Colleen jabbered constantly, eyes shining. Julie just smiled knowingly and
let her ramble on. As they stepped into the trailer to wash up a bit, 
Colleen said, "My God, it doesn't look like it from where I usually am, but
you're going so FAST out there...". She paused, breathless, carried away by
waves of excitement at what she had just experienced.

        Julie looked at her for just a second. Then, in an odd voice, she
said, "I do a lot of things fast, Colleen." Without another word, she came
close to Colleen and kissed her on the cheek.

        As the adreleline coursing through her met head-on with sudden 
embarassment, Colleen's entire body shivered uncontollably. She felt her
cheeks turning bright red as Julie smiled gently at her. Slowly, Colleen
reached up, and softly touched the spot where Julie had kissed her. She
took her hand away and looked at it curiously, then looked in wonder at
Julie. "That's for helping me tonight", Julie said.

        Colleen couldn't answer. Quickly, Julie was all business again, and
Colleen soon forgot the awkward moment as they worked to prepare the car
for the race.

        Julie's car had no radio, but as she went out onto the track for her
race, Colleen climbed up into the platform with the rest of the crew
members. Colleen kept running that phrase through her mind, relishing it,
cherishing it. Crew member.

        The race began, Julie starting eight. Colleen cheered as Julie
climbed to third. Then, just as Julie's car pass by Colleen's vantage 
point, it happened.

        Colleen saw the car behind Julie bump Julie's car. She watched,
dumbstuck, as Julie's car slowly started to spin around. The car which had
struck her darted inside and passed Julie as the blue car slid off the
track and slammed backwards into the concrete barrier which surrounded the
entire circuit.

        As emergency equipment responded, Colleen screamed.

                                Part 3
                             "Stirrings"

        Colleen scrambled down from the platform, almost hysterical. She
soon saw the lights of the ambulance as it careened up to the track's small
medical facility. As Colleen ran to the building, the ambulance doors
opened. To her immense relief, she saw Julie climb out stiffly.

        Surprised to feel the hot tears on her face, Colleen ran up to
Julie and stopped cold, suddenly realizing that maybe hugging her was not a
good idea at this point. Julie looked up tiredly and, seeing Colleen, gave
her a sad, gentle smile as she was led into the medical building.

        Colleen waited impatiently. Finally the door opened and a man in
a white lab coat came out, intruducing himself as Doctor Something-or-other.
"Do you know Julie?", he asked. "I'm her pit crew.", Colleen answered
proudly. The doctor nodded and said she couldn't drive home, she was shaken
but fine otherwise. He went back inside, and a moment later Julie appeared,
looking pale. With Julie ignoring Colleen's questions, they slowly walked 
back to the trailer. 

        Julie's car was there already. To Colleen's amazement, Julie looked
it over, saying that this and that had to be fixed. With difficulty, they
loaded the car onto the trailer. Nervously, Colleen realized she would have
to drive this big truck and trailer to Julie's house. When she mentioned the
doctor's instructions, she was stunned when Julie sharply cut her off. "I
heal fast", she snapped. Curtly telling Colleen she would see her next
week, she tried to climb into the truck. Colleen grabbed her.

        Staring at Colleen with wide eyes, stunned, Julie didn't know what
to say. Now that it came down to it, niether did Colleen. They looked at
each other for several seconds before Colleen finally spoke up.

        "I'm driving you home", she said flatly. After a long silence, Julie
slowly nodded.

        Colleen nervously drove the big truck and trailer to Julie's house,
about half an hour away. Parking it, she yawned as she climbed out of the
truck. Julie stumbled as she got out, and Colleen ran around to help her.
She led Julie inside. Julie tiredly pointed out that there was no sense in
Colleen driving all the way home. She led Colleen straight to a small 
guest room, and allowed Colleen to wash up first. 
        
        As Colleen came out of the bathroom, Julie met her in the hall. She
looked gratefully at Colleen, and whispered, "Thank you." Then, to
Colleen's consternation, Julie came close and kissed her lightly, quickly,
on the lips. Without another word, she turned and disappeared into the
bathroom.

        Colleen stood stunned. Julie had kissed her again! This time on the
lips! She sure had a strange way of showing gratitude, Colleen thought, as
she felt herself blushing deeply. Or maybe it's... no.

        Exhausted, too tired to puzzle over Julie's behavior, Colleen fell
asleep. The next morning, Julie made no mention of the kiss, and Colleen 
decided to pass it off as well. Julie hustled her quickly out the door, and 
they looked the car over. Julie then drove Colleen back to the race track. 
As they said goodbye, Julie said she would be expecting Colleen's help the 
next race!
        
        Colleen knew there was no way the car would be ready in a week, but
the following Friday found her showing her crew pass at the gate. She was
shocked to find Julie's car gleaming next to the trailer. Julie didn't say
a word about the previous week. Qualifying to run in a special race after the 
normal racing completed, it was very late as they loaded the trailer.

                                   Part 3
                                "Seduction"

        Exhausted, they sat in the trailer. Julie quietly asked Colleen if
she would like to spend the night at her place, since it was a lot closer.
Tired, dirty, and not looking forward to a long drive, Colleen nodded. She
followed Julie's truck in her own car.
        
        Julie parked the truck and trailer next to a her garage, and 
Colleen followed her inside, able to look around for the first time.

        As she went into the living room, Colleen gasped. A dozen or so
racing tropies adorned various shelves and tables. Picking one up, she asked
Julie what "Powder Puff" meant. Julie's reaction stunned her.

        Grabbing the trophy from her, Julie slammed it back to the shelf, 
snarling that when she had begun racing several years ago, she was the only
woman. Other tracks, that had more women racers, had special races just for
women, called "PowderPuff" races. The only reason she kept that trophy, Julie
said, was to get herself worked up before a race, build her desire to win.
"I'm NOT any goddamned powderpuff", she said.

        Just as quickly, Julie's anger died. "I'm a woman", she said quietly.
"I might drive race cars, but I'm a woman." Looking at Colleen strangely,
she whispered, "Remember that."

        Then she turned toward a hallway, and Colleen heard her say, "I'm
taking a shower", as she disappeared.

        Colleen remained standing, looking at the various plaques and 
trophies. After a while, she heard something behind her. Turning, she froze.

        Julie stood framed in the entrance to the hallway. Lit from behind by
the hall light, Julie wore only a soft, silk robe, which was open, revealing 
the silk bra and panties beneath. Her arms were pressed against the door
frame. Colleen didn't know what to think. 

        "I'm a woman, Colleen. And so are you. I think you'll feel better
after a shower as well." Moving aside, she let the stunned Colleen walk
slowly past her, Colleen staring at Julie with wide eyes. She was still
staring back over her shoulder as she went into the bathroom.

        Colleen stood in the shower. As the hot water beat against her, 
washing away the grime, she gradually felt herself relax, felt the uneasiness
at Julie's odd behaviour drain away. Feeling better, she turned off the water
and got out, reaching for a towel. She dried herself off and reached for her
clothes. They weren't there.

        In their place was a soft white silk robe, white silk panties, and
a white silk bra. Colleen felt the color draining from her face, felt the
goosebumps as she remembered Julie's two quick, 'friendly' kisses. My God, 
she thought, what have I gotten myself into? She held up the panties, and in
spite of herself, the smoothness of the fabric fascinated her. Closing her
eyes, not really sure she was doing this, Colleen put them on. Oh, they
were so soft. They felt so nice. The bra next. These are so nice. Colleen 
shivered as the lacy fabric slid over her breasts, and she felt her face
flush as her nipples became erect. So soft. And even the gown. Colleen
studied herself in the mirror. Pit crew. She smiled. Woman. Her smile grew.

        Suddenly, she shivered. Julie was waiting in the living room. Wearing
silk, just like her. The image of Julie climbing from the race car wearing
only silk underwear made Colleen chuckle. Then, as she gazed at her 
reflection, she felt something deep within her awaken. I am a woman, she
thought. As she fixed her eyes on the image of her hardening nipples, she
nodded to herself. Yes. I'm all woman. Slowly, she lifted her hands, pausing,
wanting to feel the anticipation of the silk against her fingers. Closing her
eyes, she gently pressed her hands against the silk bra, squeezing her
breasts ever so lovingly...

        A soft knock on the door startled her, and she jumped. Her eyes flew
open, and she whirled, hoping Julie hadn't walked in on her. To her relief,
the door was still closed. Julie. Hmm. She's the one who took my clothes and
put...THESE...here. Julie the race car driver. Julie the powderpuff. Julie 
the woman. Julie who wears real silk.

        "Yes?", she called quietly. 
        
        "Are you all right?", Julie asked.

        Chuckling quietly, Colleen opened the door. Standing before Julie
wearing sheer white silk, she looked at her with amusement. "Other than the
fact that my clothes seem to be missing, I'm fine."

        Julie smiled back. "I'm sorry", she said. "But I've found that this
helps me to remember what I am sometimes." Again, she raised her arms, the 
silk robe opening slightly to reveal her bra and panties. 

        Woman, thought Colleen, as she found herself staring at Julie's
bra. Feeling Julie's eyes on her, she flushed and looked away. What am I
thinking, she wondered.

        Julie went back into the living room, Colleen following. For a
short while, they talked lightly, Colleen gradually losing her slight
uneasiness at their attire. Then Julie yawned, and stood. Stretching, her
breasts jutting out as her arms reached into the air, she sighed deeply.
"Goodnight, Colleen", she whispered. Colleen felt herself flushing as
Julie took two steps closer. Colleen's eyes closed and her face flared as
she felt Julie's lips gently pressing against her forehead. She opened her
eyes to find Julie walking slowly down the halllway.

        What's the matter with her, Colleen thought. She's kissed me three
times. That's really weird. More puzzled then nervous, she thought about it
for a few minutes, then yawned herself. She stood and walked quietly to the
guest room. The door was locked. She tried several times, pulling on the door
to see if it would open.

        "In here, Colleen", came a soft voice. Colleen slowly turned to
see a faint glow from the next doorway. As if pulled by an unseen force, she
walked slowly, almost unwillingly, to the door. Julie stood there, bathed in
candlelight, the white silk she wore seeming to change color as the candle
flickered. Colleen felt her heart stop, then began beating wildly. She 
felt the goosebumps again as Julie gently took her limp hand and led her into
her own bedroom. Closing the door, she smiled at Colleen's confused, 
innocent expression. 

        "Some things I do fast, Colleen", she whispered. She led the dazed
woman to the bed. "But some things I do very, very slowly." Her arms went
around Colleen and she kissed her tenderly. Colleen was helpless, having
no real idea of what was happening, or what to do. She just stood there as
Julie's lips pressed hungrily against her own.

        Julie pulled away and slowly pulled Colleen's robe down. As it
slid to her feet, Colleen just stood there, staring at Julie.

        Julie then put her hands on Colleen's shoulders. Softly, she pushed 
down, and Colleen found herself sitting on the bed, staring up at Julie. 
Julie gently continued pushing, and Colleen lay down. She just lay there 
staring as Julie slowly walked around the foot of the bed. Standing in front 
of the candle, she let her gown fall to the floor. Colleen watched in awe, 
hearing the faint rustle of the silk as it slid from Julie's body and onto 
the floor. Julie stood next to the bed in white silk bra and panties, just 
as Colleen was wearing. 

        "I am a woman, Colleen. So are you."

        She climbed into bed with Colleen. As Colleen lay there, uneasy 
fear mixing with uncomprehending excitement, Julie whispered good night.

        Still trying to piece together what was happening, or what wasn't
happening, or anything, Colleen drifted off to the sound of Julie's deep,
regular breathing.

                                "A Racy Lady"
                                   Part 2
                                 "Surrender"

        Colleen gradually awakened. She lay quietly, still half-asleep,
listening to the sound of gentle breathing. Her eyes flew open when she
realized it was not the sound of her own breathing.

        She found herself in an unfamiliar bed, with a sleeping woman beside
her. A WOMAN!! Colleen sat bolt upright, clutching the covers around her
silk-covered breasts, staring at Julie in disbelief.

        Julie's eyes slowly opened to find Colleen staring at her in shock.
Julie smiled gently, dreamily, and reached out for her.

        Colleen remained frozen, staring, feeling Julie's soft warm hands
on her arms, gently pulling her down. Unresisting, uncomprehending, Colleen
allowed herself to be pulled closer and closer to Julie's prone form. She
stared wide-eyed at Julie's parted lips, the look on Julie's face, the silk
bra Julie wore unable to hide the fact that her nipples were erect.

        Colleen melted.

        Their lips met, and Colleen felt a bolt of electricty surge through
her body. My God, she thought wildly, I'm kissing a woman. Still not totally
aware that she was returning the kiss, she stuggled to come to terms with
the strange things she was thinking, the strange things she was feeling.

        Without a concious decision, she surrendered to Julie.

        Her arms went around Julie, holding her tight as they kissed, tongues
eagerly darting in and out of open mouths, running lightly across parted 
lips. She felt Julie's hands on her back, fingernails digging into her flesh
as Julie became more aroused. She felt the softness of their silken lingerie,
cool and smooth. I don't believe this, Colleen thought. I'm in another
woman's bed, wearing her silk undies, kissing her. I don't believe it.

        That thought dominated Colleen's mind as she felt Julie's hands
slide between them. She gasped as she felt Julie's fingers slide smoothly 
inside her silk panties. As Julie playfully toyed with Colleen's pubic
hair, Colleen moaned involuntarily, a low, throaty sound of confusion and
desire. She kissed the base of Julie's neck as Julie's fingers slid into her
pussy. As she felt another woman's hand gently caressing her clit, 
Colleen's mind short-circuited. Her low moan changed into a sharp cry of
pure delight as her body reacted to Julie's touch.

        Eyes closed, supporting herself above Julie, legs spread wide with
Julie's between them, Colleen threw her head back, body arching as the
first orgasm washed over her. Julie looked at her through half-closed eyes,
seeing the pleasure, the passion in Colleen's expression. 

        Panting, body pumping in harmony with the motion of Julie's fingers,
Colleen opened her eyes and looked down at Julie, at this woman, this lady
race car driver. Julie smiled at her, a gentle smile of understanding.
Colleen's eyes closed again and her mouth opened wide as yet another orgasm
shook her like an earthquake.

        She collapsed on top of Julie, and again their lips met, Julie's
fingers still burrowing into Colleen's secret places. Colleen rolled to
the side slightly, and she looked at Julie with fire in her eyes.

        "Help me", Colleen said in a husky voice, and Julie felt a hand 
pressing against her panties. Very gently, Julie took Colleen's hand in
hers and guided it beneath the silky fabric of her panties. Placing her 
fingers over Colleen's, she moved them downward until they met her fiery
clit. Pressing lightly against Colleen's finger, Julie's eyes closed as
the fire radiated quickly throughout her body. After a moment, Colleen
had her own rythym, and Julie pulled her hand away, letting Colleen 
continue stroking her clit. Julie spread her pussy lips wide, giving the
willing woman more area to work with, and was soon rewarded by a rush of
ecstacy as she came. Colleen watched Julie's face, saw Julie shudder, felt
the muscles contract around her finger, and knew she had made another woman
cum. Colleen went crazy, kissing Julie hungrily, digging her fingers even
deeper into Julie's soaking hole.

        Now Julie reached out and slid her fingers back into Colleen's
panties, and they lay side by side, fingers pumping, panting, moaning, 
shuddering. Time after time they came, until finally, spent, satisfied, they
paused. Looking at each other, smiling gently, happily, they kissed again.

        Julie tugged at Colleen's white silk bra, sliding one cup down over
her breast, exposing the nipple. Colleen watched in delight as the nipple
disappeared into Julie's mouth. I don't believe it, she kept saying to
herself, as Julie's tongue sent surges of electricity through her body. She
lay back and giggled helplessly, running her fingers idly through Julie's
hair. "That kind of tickles", she said, laughing.

        In response, Julie bit her nipple, very softly. Colleen gasped, and
she pulled Julie's face closer to her breast, wanting her to continue,
wanting for her to never, ever stop.

        Julie reached up and exposed Colleen's other breast, Colleen
sighing happily as the smooth silk slid over her nipple. Julie alternated, 
focusing first on one breast, then the other, back and forth, back and forth,
until Colleen was almost wild with desire.

        Feeling Colleen trembling uncontrollably beside her, Julie quickly
pressed her knee into Colleen's crotch. Colleen's eyes flew open, as did
her mouth, but no sounds came out. Colleen's mouth moved wordlessly as
the unexpected orgasm ripped through her.

        Julie moved slightly, kissing Colleen tenderly. Colleen put her
arms around Julie and pulled her close, and they lay there silently for a
while. Finally, Colleen stirred.

        Julie looked at the woman beside her. So pretty she was, so innocent.
They smiled at each other, and moved closer together, arms around the other,
Colleen's exposed breasts rising and falling with her breathing.

        "Thank you", Colleen whispered. Julie didn't answer, she merely
moved closer and kissed the other woman on the lips. Colleen grinned, a
look of happy wonder on her face. Julie saw that face and melted.

        She rolled over and hiked herself up, kneeling on the bed with her
forearms supporting her. Her rear end floated beckoningly in the air.

        "Kiss me, Colleen. Please." Colleen looked puzzled. Julie moved
her ass back and forth. "Please, Colleen. Kiss me."

        Uncertainly, Colleen crawled around behind Julie. She stared at
Julie's ass, noticing that the while silk panties hid nothing. Julie kept
moving back and forth, back and forth, the motion somehow having a calming
effect on Colleen. They're so pretty, Colleen thought. Silk panties.
And Julie's so nice to me. Without realizing it, Colleen's hand was moving,
touching the silk panties she herself was wearing, panties wet with cum.

        Watching Julie's ass swaying back and forth, feeling the warmth
spreading from her own pussy, Colleen felt the last of her nervousness slip
away, as easily and quietly as if it were silk.

        She bent down and ran her tongue along the edge of Julie's panties.
She heard the sharp intake of breath, smelled the scent of a woman on fire.
Closing her eyes, Colleen felt the silk against her tongue as she moved
down, down, now tracing the inside of Julie's thighs. "Take them off", Julie
whispered, her voice unsteady.

        Taking hold of the upper edge, Colleen slowly pulled Julie's silk
panties down. Julie's asshole and dripping pussy were soon laid bare, panties
gathered around Julie's knees. "Kiss me", Julie whispered again.

        Colleen took a deep breath and lightly flicked her tongue against
Julie's ass. Julie started, gasped. "Please..."

        Julie gasped again as she felt Colleen's wet finger tracing her
asshole. Another gasp as that finger slowly slid into her ass, and yet 
another as she felt Colleen's face against her pussy, tongue digging into
her greedily. Julie moaned with pleasure, body swaying back and forth, back
and forth, as Colleen played with her.

        Colleen was beyond rational thought. Here she was, fingering a
woman's ass, face buried between a woman's legs. Colleen acted on passion
alone, her mind aware only of the woman she wanted to please. Wanted more
than anything to please. 

        Time stopped for Julie. There were no words, no way to describe the
feelings she was experiencing. Orgasm merged with orgasm until there was only
a single moment of pure pleasure that lasted forever. Colleen listened to
the sounds Julie made, knowing what they meant, knowing she was the one who
was causing them. Free hand busily fingering herself, Colleen came as well.

        Her spastic muscles no longer able to support her, Julie dropped limp
to the bed, moaning with every breath. Colleen removed her finger from
Julie's ass and, still fondling her own clit, inserted it into her own ass
without thinking.

        As Julie lay panting, Colleen's body was rocked with incredible
sensations. Her body became rigid, twitching as each movement of her fingers
jolted her. Regaining her composure somewhat, Julie watched as Colleen
brought herself to orgasm again and again.

        Then Colleen, too, slumped back to the bed, exhausted. Whimpering,
shuddering, she lay beside Julie, who took her into her arms and kissed her.

                                "Epilouge"

        None of Colleen's gang could figure out why she never went to the
races with them any more. From their perch way up in the grandstands, they
couldn't see the woman on the observation platform, cheering on the blue
race car. Nor were they aware that Colleen didn't have to make the long
trip home after the races. 

        Colleen wasn't about to tell them she had a nice, comfortable place
to stay, closer to the track. And she enjoyed the company there, as well. And
in her purse, now clad in plastic lamination, was her most prized posession,
never shown to anyone. A small card that simply said "PIT CREW".

                             *** THE END ***
