Kim sat at her desk with the telephone handset at her ear, and felt
herself growing increasingly horny.

The line was ringing.  She had gotten through!

"Hi, this is KLOS."

Kim recognized the voice of "Beastmaster" Anne, the head switchboard
operator who was a common foil for the ribald humor of Mark and Brian,
KLOS's popular morning duo.

"I'd like to give my boss a birthday present on the air," Kim said
shyly.  She went on to explain what she had in mind.  There was a
moment of silence on the other end, then giggling.

She's probably gonna hang up on me, Kim thought with a sigh.

"Hold on a minute!" the Beastmaster finally managed to reply.  The line
went silent.

Kim's hand slid across her chest, then down her belly to the crotch of
her jeans.  Her fingers caressed lightly as she savored the birthday
gift she had in mind.  It was crazy!!

The line stayed silent for a few minutes, and then...

"Hello, Kim?"

It's him!  MARK!!

"Uh, hi!!"

"Kim!  Can we put you on the air?"

"Sh-sure!!"

"O.k. Kim, we got the low-down from the Beastmaster, but we just
HAVE to hear it from you..."

"We sure as heck DO!"  Brian cut in.  "We want to hear all the LURID
DETAILS..."

"Yes, we must have THOSE, no question about it!" Mark chimed in.

Kim was blushing hard and trying not to giggle like crazy.  She was
actually talking to these two popular celebrities!

"O.k., well, uh, I'd like you to call my boss, and while you have him
on the line, I'm going to come into his office, and, uh, sing 'Happy
Birthday' to him..."

"Yeah?  Yeah?  The Beastmaster mentioned something else too!  Let's
hear about it, Kim!"

"Well yeah, I'm gonna strip in front of him too."  Now Kim couldn't
help giggling.

On the phone she could hear catcalls and whistles and "ooooohs".

"Kim!  Ooooh Kim I think he'll go for that, yes I do!  Kim?"

"Yes?"

"Kim, you are a HORNDOG SLUT!  Know this!"

Kim laughed, and so did the DJ's, and so did about seven million
listeners,some of whom were becoming quite horny too!

Kim was put on hold again so that the DJ's could play some commercials
and "take care of some business."  She felt so excited.  And nervous.
She had not believed when she'd dialed the phone that the whole thing
would actually get this far!

"Beastmaster" Anne came back on the line and requested the phone
number and extension of Kim's boss.  Then she told Kim exactly what
time her boss would receive the call.  Anne finished with a giggle
and a "Good Luck!", and Kim put the handset back on the cradle.

Ooooooh...  Her whole body positively TINGLED with pleasure!

Paul was keying some sales figures into a spreadsheet when the intercom
on his phone blared the voice of the receptionist:

"PAUL?  YOU HAVE A CALL ON PARK 20!"

He winced and thumbed the volumn control slide on the telephone con-
sole.  Then he picked up the handset and punched the buttons to connect
his extension to the incoming line.

"Hello?"

"Hello, Mr. Stevens?  This is Mark and Brian from KLOS!  Is it o.k. if
we put you on the air?"

His mind reeled.  The two guys on the radio??

"Er, o.k. I guess!  Hello!  What's up?"  Just what do you SAY when you
get such a call???

"Well, Mr. Stevens, it seems that one of your employees has taken it
upon herself to wish you glad tidings on this very special day..."

"And you DO KNOW what special day this IS, don't you?"

"Well, uh, yes, it's my birthday..."

"It IS???  Well what a coincidence!  Actually, we were speaking of
National Nymphomaniacs Awareness Day, and..."

"No Brian, we are calling because it IS Paul's birthday, and one of
his most adoring workers has alerted us to this VERY FACT, and I do
believe that right about NOW..."

The door to Paul's office opened, and Kim slipped in.  She closed the
door behind her, shutting out a hushed but snickering crowd of co-
workers who were tuned in.  The knob had a lock on it, and Kim set
it.

Paul couldn't help feeling himself warm up inside.  Kim always looked
so SEXY, no matter what she was wearing!

"...she should be coming into his office, getting ready to offer up
her most SINCERE birthday wishes!"

Paul looked at her and saw that she was blushing deeply.  Just what was
she UP to?

"Paul?  Is she there yet?"

"Uh yeah, yes she's here!"

"Tell her to go ahead, we're all breathelessly waiting!"

Paul relayed the message to the nervous Kim.

She began to sing "Happy Birthday."

"Sounding good, Kim!" Mark said on the phone (and the radio).  Paul
chuckled into the handset and nodded.

"...happy BIRTHDAY TO PAAAAUL..."

Mark and Brian sang along with her on the last two lines.

"HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOOOOOOUUU!!!"

"Yahooo!" Kim cried, and pulled her shirt off over her head.  Her
beautiful breasts, unencumbered by bra, flopped out and down delici-
ously.

"Hey Paul!  You still with us?"

"Uh, yeah, er..."

"What's happening, man?  Has she wished you a happy birthday yet?"

"Uh, well, she's, uuhhh..."

Kim grinned at her boss and twisted her upper body from side to side,
making her boobs jiggle and dance before his widening eyes.

Paul's cock pressed hard against the crotch of his pants.

"Yo Paul!  What's happenin'?"

"Well, it looks like she's taking her clothes off," Paul croaked.

"What was that, Paul?  She's doing WHAT??  Paul, what are you telling
us?"

Kim turned around, bent over, and slid her jeans off in a seductive
manner, exposing pink panties and smooth, well-tanned thighs.

"Oh, wow" was all Paul could say.

"Hey Paul!" Brian yelled.  "Describe it for our listeners!  Tell us all
the LURID details!"

"I think he's speechless.  The boss is STUNNED to SILENCE.  I think
that girl is really doing it to him..."

The verbal chatter continued, but Paul did not hear it -- his full
attention was transfixed on the lovely body being exposed before him.
Kim's jeans slid to the floor, soon followed by her panties.  She
stepped out of them and kicked them aside.

She began to gyrate erotically, sliding her hands up and down her
sides.

Paul sighed.  "Kim, oh you do look nice."

A commotion of guffaws and laughter erupted from the broadcast booth.

"Oh YES!  Oh YES!  I think Paul likes his birthday present!" Brian
exclaimed.

"I do believe he does!  You know, Brian, it's at times like this when
I wish we were doing a morning TELEVISION show!"

Kim continued her erotic dance, sliding closer to her amazed boss as
her hands traveled ever more daringly.  When she was little more than
a foot away, she turned sideways to him and allowed him a very cock-
stiffening profile view, with her hands on her ass and her breasts
thrust high in the air, begging to be sucked and eaten.

Poor Paul was hornier than he'd ever been in his life, and rapidly
losing control.  He forgot all about the phone, which was now lying
on his desk, and the fact that it was broadcasting the sounds from
the office all over Southern CA.

Kim slid one hand up to demonstrate to her boss just how squeezable
and soft her boobs were.  Her other hand went to her mouth, and she
sucked slowly on her index and middle fingers, then held them up so
Paul could see them glistening wet.

"Oh Kim, I can't stand it any more -- I gotta have you now!!"

With that he grabbed her, brought her delicious body up against his,
and plunged his tongue deep into her mouth.

"Paul!  HEY PAUL!!"

"Oh dear, I think Kim's getting more than she bargained for!!"

Paul continued to kiss her deeply as he held her tightly against him.
He could feel her breasts press against and spread out across his
chest, and in response to a long pent-up desire his hands slid to
her chest.  As his fingers explored her boobs, she untied his tie
and began to unbutton his shirt.

"Paul?  Kim?"

There was a loud moan and some "ooooh's".

"They're doing it!  THEY'RE DOING IT!!!"

Kim wrestled Paul's shirt off (Paul did not want to let go of her
body, even for a second!), and Paul pressed her against him again,
feeling the glorious warmth of her nakedness against his bare skin.
They continued to kiss, and the snaking and wiggling of his tongue
increased in intensity when he felt a hand slide into his pants.

"Uuuuuhhh!!"

Somebody outside Mark and Brian's glass booth made rapid hand signals
indicating it was way past time to cut to a commercial.

"Oh Brian, I think my headphones are fogging up!"

"Mark, why are you squirming around so much?  Hey!  Let go of that!"

Laughter rang throughout the studio.

Over the phone they could hear papers and other objects sliding off
some hard surface onto the floor.  Then there was a loud KNOCK as the
phone itself went over the edge.

"They're getting horizontal!  He's gonna lay pipe now!!!"

Mark and Brian launched into a song about the structure of an Oreo
cookie.

More hand signals from outside the booth.

Kim was indeed part of an Oreo cookie now, with her boss's desk under-
neath her and her boss lying on top of her, molesting her body and her
mouth.  His pants were down around his knees, and Kim could feel his
stiff meat pressing against her pussy through his underwear.  Paul's
tongue slid out of her mouth, and he proceeded to munch upon her face
and shoulders and chest.  Kim'shands slowly worked their way down his
torso until they reached his underwear, which was soon no longer in the
way.

Kim took hold of his throbbing cock just as his tongue found her mouth
again.  The kissing was even wilder this time!

Without even realizing when it had entered, Paul discovered that the
tip of his cock was inside her.

"Yes!!  FUCK ME!!!"

Pandemonium broke out at KLOS, and the switch board operator broke the
connection, much to Mark and Brian's disappointment.

"Wow!!  He was really laying that pipe down!"

"Will somebody please turn up the air condi-"

The station broke to a commercial for Freeway Insurance.

Paul slid his cock into her until it could go in no further.  Her
pussy clinched at it and squeezed it tightly.  Pulling it out was like
pulling on some kind of hydraulic cylinder.  He slid it deep into her
again, faster and harder this time.

Kim yelped with pleasure.  Paul looked down at her face, looked right
into her eyes, as he rammed his meat into her.  He loved watching her
react to each wonderful stroke.

Her breasts rubbed against his chest, undulating back and forth and
demanding to be squeezed some more, and he lowered himself to his el-
bows and sent his hands to let her boobs know they were certainly not
forgotten.  Kim slid a hand behind his head and pulled his mouth down
against hers.  He slid his tongue in, and she sucked on it eagerly.

His cock stayed inside her for nearly two hours.  He fucked her until
his meat grew tired and soft, then he let it rest inside her while they
fulfilled each other's hot and horny desires upon other parts of their
bodies.  They rolled over and over on the desk, nearly going over the
edge several times.  It didn't take very long for his cock to grow rock
hard again!  As soon as it swelled up inside her, he rammed it in deep.
His throbbing love muscle showed no mercy!

Kim's co-workers knelt at the office door, listening to the hot con-
stant lovemaking.  The lunch hour was almost over and they were still
at it!

At some point the action moved to the soft carpeted floor, with Paul
on his back and Kim riding on top of him, bouncing up and down with
glee.  Paul looked up at her deliriously, watching her long hair fly
all about and her breasts bounce wildly.  When his cock grew soft
again, she lowered her chest to his and they kissed passionately.
He lovingly stroked and massaged her back and buttocks.  The kissing
always made him hard, and soon she was bouncing up and down on top of
him again.

If this is a dream, Paul thought, I hope I never wake up!!

Eventually Paul was on top of Kim again, drilling his aching meat into
her.  He had no idea that he'd be able to last has long as he did with-
out coming, and when he finally did it was the most incredible orgasm
he'd ever felt.  He timed it just right too, for that final hard thrust
made Kim yelp even louder than before, and she clenched his back tight
as they came together.  Hot sticky cum shot out of him in gushing
and bathed her vagina with steaming warmth.

They lay there together on the carpet, his cock still inside her, all
things having to do with work forgotten for a long while.

Back at the radio station, the two morning deejays stood before THEIR
boss as he gave them the usual lecture about staying "within reasonable
bounds" of the station's rules.  The guys nodded their heads at the
right moments, knowing that the boss was doing what the higher-ups at
ABC expected him to do, but knowing also that he would take no further
disciplinary action.  After all, they were Southern CA's highest-rated
morning show, and Mark and Brian knew exactly the right formula to keep
them there!

They couldn't wait until the next Kim called KLOS.
