RAHI & KENDA

    Rahi was a Greater Lupus, a humanoid lupine creature of a far
distant  planet.   His  race  had  formerly  lived  in  the  high
mountains, off on the horizon from  his  small  village.   A  few
still did, but not very many.  Now the Greater Lupine were plains
dwellers.
    Rahi's race had gradually lost many of the survival instincts
that the harsh mountains had bred into them.  Now they considered
themselves simply lowland dwellers.  But  Rahi  had  always  been
drawn  to  the  mountains, although he wasn't sure quite why.  He
could remember looking up at them as a child and telling  himself
that one day he would go up there.  He just wasn't sure when...
    The others in the village  told  Rahi  to  forget  about  the
mountains. They were harsh and cold, they said.  Rahi would never
survive up there. And certainly Kenda wouldn't.
    Kenda was a female Greater Lupine.  As were  all  females  of
the  species,  she  was  much  smaller and slimmer than Rahi, the
male.  Where Rahi was over nine feet tall, heavily  muscled,  and
covered  with  a thick coat of dark-grey fur, Kenda was small and
slim, with a light silvery pelt  that  was  not  much  protection
against  any  kind  of cold at all.  In fact, it was a mystery to
Rahi how Greater Lupine females had been able to survive  in  the
mountains at all.
    Spring had come now to the land of the  Greater  Lupine,  and
Rahi  felt  the longing again, almost like nothing he'd ever felt
before.  He knew then that he HAD to go up to the  mountains,  or
else   he  would  never  have  peace.   Rahi  resolved  to  start
immediately.
    Rahi bound up some supplies in a pack and headed  on  out  of
the village.  As he hiked upward, walking toward the mountains on
the far horizon, he  heard  a  voice  behind  him.   "You  aren't
thinking of going somewhere without me, are you?"
    Rahi turned.  "Kenda?"
    It was Kenda.  She was carying a similar bundle of provisions
to that which Rahi had put together.  "I'm coming with you."
    "Kenda, I--"  He looked down.  "You'd never  survive  in  the
mountains."
    "I wouldn't do that well anywhere else if you aren't  there,"
Kenda  retorted.   "The other males of the village would be on me
in an instant. You know you're the only thing keeping them away."
She embraced him, and the tips of her breasts brushed against his
skin.  Rahi felt his resolve weakening.
    "Very well, I guess you can come," Rahi gave in.  She'll turn
back when she gets cold and tired anyway, he thought.
    And so together they trekked onward.  They  walked  for  many
hours  through  the  forests and plains toward the mountains, and
slept, and walked some more.  As they began to climb, the weather
began  to  grow more and more chilly, and though Rahi was largely
unaffected, Kenda began to have a harder time of it.
    As they walked, Rahi gazed surreptitiously at  Kenda  out  of
the  corner  of his eye.  Her svelt figure often sent chills down
his spine.  He loved her, and was very possessive of her, it  was
true.   He  realized  now  that  he couldn't leave her behind, he
didn't want to send her back--but how could she make  it  in  the
mountains?  It was with something closely akin to pride that Rahi
watched Kenda's struggles against the rapidly-increasing cold.
    At last they stopped for the second night in a  small  forest
clearing.   The  windblown pines offered some protection from the
chill winds, but not much.  "What do you say we  make  some  body
heat?" Rahi decided.
    "I'm all for  that..."  Kenda  murmured,  throwing  her  arms
around  Rahi  and lifting herself up to his mouth.  She planted a
passionate kiss right on his  muzzle,  that  nearly  knocked  him
over.  "Are you hungry, lover?"
    Even though that hadn't been what Rahi'd had in mind, he  was
more  than  happy  to  oblige her.  "I think I am..."  He let her
bear him gently to the ground, where she lay on top  of  him  and
held him tight.
    Rahi reached up and ran his fingers along  Kenda's  jaw,  and
then  kissed  her  passionately  and  deeply.   She  responded by
embracing him tightly and rubbing up against him, emitting little
moans of pleasure.
    Rahi reached down and massaged Kenda's breasts,  which  began
to  grow firmer as he continued to kiss her.  He had made love to
her  before,  but  something  seemed  different  about  it   this
time...more  urgent somehow, as if he HAD to make her his.  So he
was a little rough with her, but Kenda responded just  like  he'd
hoped she would.
    They made love quickly and almost  frantically,  with  little
foreplay.  Kenda  reached down and grasped Rahi's throbbing cock,
guided it into place between her legs, and slid down over it with
a soft moan.  Rahi kissed her, and nibbled at her neck, her arms,
her  muzzle...she  tasted  different  somehow,  exotic  and  more
exciting.
    Soon Rahi came to his climax, and pleasure washed over him in
waves  as his organ shot its load.  For her part, Kenda moaned in
pleasure as she came to her own climax as  her  lover  discharged
deep  within  her...she  looked  up  into  his  eyes and held him
tightly.
    At that moment, something happened inside of Rahi that he did
not  understand.  Old instincts came to light, and before he knew
what was happening, tendons Rahi hadn't known he'd had  stretched
out,  and  his  jaws opened wider than he'd ever known them to in
his life.
    Kenda looked up, into Rahi's widely-open mouth, and something
changed inside of her, too.  She saw Rahi's wide pink tongue, and
thought about how good it would feel to have that tongue  playing
over  her  breasts,  her  body...she  put  her  arms  around  his
shoulders and lifted herself up so that her upper chest was level
with  his  mouth,  and  let  him  lick them a few times.  It felt
good...but not good enough...she HAD to feel that tongue  pressed
tightly up against her body.
    For his part, Rahi knew he had to have  Kenda,  to  have  her
forever.  To have her inside of him...and so, when she shoved her
head up into his mouth, he didn't resist, but accepted it.
    "Ooooh..." Kenda moaned in pleasure, as that huge wide tongue
slurped over her chin and neck.  Why hadn't she seen it this wide
before?  Why hadn't she ever tried this?  It felt  good...but  if
she could just get into it a little farther...
    Rahi held Kenda close to him, and sucked on her  head  as  he
moved  his  mouth  forward  down  over  her  neck.   As  her nose
approached the back of his  throat,  he  swallowed,  letting  his
throat  muscles  clamp  down  on  the  front  of  her muzzle.  He
swallowed again, and opened his mouth wider, so that it would fit
down over her upper chest.
    Kenda felt her breasts  coming  up  into  Rahi's  mouth,  and
something warm moving up around her muzzle.  The warmth felt good
after the chill  winds  on  her  body,  and  she  shoved  herself
forward, wanting more of it. And then both of her breasts came up
over the rim of her lover's wide jawline, into contact with  that
rough  yet  warm  tongue...it was a kind of stimulation that sent
thrills of pleasure up and down her spine, and she rubbed herself
against  that  tongue  hard,  as if she were trying to scrape her
skin off on  it.    "Ooooooh,"  she  moaned.   What  a  wonderful
feeling! She had to have more of it.
    And Rahi enjoyed the taste of Kenda  on  his  tongue.   Never
before  had  he  tasted  so much of her...he'd limited himself to
just a kiss or a nibble.  But this...this  was  the  whole  thing
passing  over his tongue at once, and it was something he'd never
even THOUGHT of doing before.  He wondered why.
    Kenda put her arms down at her  sides  and  wriggled  forward
now,  her  head  and neck passing into Rahi's throat as her lower
chest scraped past his teeth.  Rahi was supporting her  now  with
his  hands on her hips, and she was bent over at the waist, going
into his mouth.  He swallowed again, hard, moving her upper chest
and  shoulders  into  his throat, distending it considerably.  It
was becoming a struggle, but one that only made it all  the  more
worthwhile  to complete.  Rahi growled with the exertion, a sound
coming from deep inside his throat  whose  vibrations  Kenda  was
able to feel through the musculature around her.
    Kenda felt the hot,  tight,  moist  flesh  squeezing  in  all
around   her,  pressing  tightly  against  her  head,  neck,  and
breasts...her moaning intensified as her struggle to  get  inside
aided  her  lovers struggle to get her there.  He swallowed again
and again, moving Kenda deeper, inch by inch, into his throat.
    As Kenda's waist came up over  Rahi's  jawline,  the  tip  of
Rahi's  tongue worked at it, probed at her womanhood, tasting the
pungent residues of his desires there.  Kenda squealed and kicked
slightly,   and   wriggled  forward  deeper.   Rahi  growled  and
swallowed again.  Never before had a meal felt like this.
    Kenda's arms were pinned to her sides as  she  slid  downward
through  the hot, tight, moist blackness of Rahi's throat.  She'd
forgotten almost everything but that  all-consuming  warmth  that
was a welcome relief from the cold winds outside.  She had to get
into it now.  And Rahi wanted her inside of him--he  had  to  let
her.
    Rahi continued to swallow as Kenda's knees, then  her  ankles
passed into his mouth.  Just a little bit more...her head was now
beginning to slide out into an open  space  at  the  end  of  her
lover's throat...she wriggled forward, wanting to get through and
out.  "Yes...please..." she murmured.   And  Rahi  was  happy  to
oblige.   He swallowed again, and closed his mouth.  Now her feet
were in his mouth, and with a couple more  gulps,  they  too  had
disappeared down his throat.  Sated and satisfied, Rahi curled up
under a tree and went to sleep.
    Kenda gradually pulled  herself  out  of  Rahi's  throat  and
emerged into his stomach.  It was quite damp, and as she emerged,
it grew damper still.  Rahi's digestive fluids filled  the  area,
and  Kenda went to sleep inside what felt like a warm, refreshing
bath...

    When Kenda woke up, she didn't know where she  was.   It  was
warm  and  moist  and dark all around her...the warmth surrounded
her, all over her, and she was curled up  inside  something  that
conformed to her very contour.  "Mmmph..." she mumbled.
    And then  the  memories  of  what  had  happened  last  night
returned  somewhat  foggily.  She and Rahi had made love...they'd
kissed...and she'd crawled up inside his mouth and...
    "Oh  no!"  Kenda  murmured.   She  whimpered  and  struggled,
pushing against the stomach wall.  It gave slightly, but remained
firm.  After a while she stopped struggling and just  lay  there,
whimpering.  "I don't want to be digested!  I don't want to die!"
    And then she noticed that, though she had been there for  she
didn't  know how long, and was surrounded by warm fluid, she felt
no pain, nor did she seem  to  be  dissolving.   "I'm  not  being
digested?" she murmured. "I don't understand..."
    Not one to look a gift horse in  the  mouth,  however,  Kenda
relaxed.  Soon she felt the larger body around her begin to stir,
as Rahi woke up. She lay there, feeling Rahi's balance  shift  as
he  stood.   "What  is he thinking?" she wondered.  "Does he know
where I went?"

    Rahi  looked  around.   "Where  did  she  go?"  he  wondered.
"Kenda? Kenda!"  There was no response.  "I guess she decided not
to come with me after all and left while  I  was  sleeping."   He
shrugged.  "Oh, well.  It doesn't matter."
    He stood, gathered his things, and began once more to trek up
the  hill.   It  was  a little harder now--he felt heavier, moved
more slowly--but he attributed this to the  thinning  air  as  he
climbed  higher.   Meanwhile,  Kenda  dozed  inside  his stomach,
savoring the warmth and softness all around her.  And glands just
beneath  her  skin  began  to  release  a  special hormone, which
reacted with Rahi's digestive fluids to produce a  chemical  that
began to work certain changes to Rahi's metabolism...

    The journey continued.  Along the  way,  Rahi  began  to  get
hungry,  very hungry.  And somehow, the rations he'd brought just
didn't  seem...appetizing,  anymore.   He  needed  to...to  hunt.
Yes...that sounded very good...
    Even though Rahi'd never hunted in the wilds  before,  before
long  he  discovered  that  he  knew  exactly  how to do it.  Old
instincts were beginning to reassert themselves,  and  it  wasn't
long before he had killed and hungrily devoured three of the snow
rabbits native to these mountains.  It was twice  what  he  would
normally have eaten, but he felt even hungrier than usual today.
    Inside of Rahi, Kenda noticed the meat as it slid out of  his
throat  into  his  stomach.   She  ate  her fill and let the rest
dissolve away into the fluids that circulated  inside  of  Rahi's
stomach.   She  drifted  off  to  sleep  again, in the warmth and
fullness.

    Some time later, evening began to fall.  Up in the  mountains
the  cold  of  night  could be deadly, and Rahi began to look for
shelter.  It wasn't long before he found a likely-looking spot, a
cave  whose  mouth was sheltered from the wind by the lee of some
overhanging rocks.  It was the work of a few short minutes to get
a fire going.
    As Rahi lay by  the  fire,  Kenda  felt  the  change  in  his
position  and  knew he must be lying down.  She wanted so much to
embrace him, to hold him and kiss him and let him  make  love  to
her.  But how could she when she was in here?
    Experimentally,  she  reached  up  and  pushed  against   the
sphincter  leading  to  Rahi's throat.  To her surprise, it gave.
Not one to pass up an opportunity, Kenda shouldered  her  way  up
through it and began wriggling her way up through Rahi's throat.
    Rahi,  meanwhile,  was  not  oblivious  to  this.   He   felt
something  forcing  its  way  up  and  gagged as the vomit reflex
caused his stomach to thrust upward.  Wondering if something he'd
eaten  earlier  was now violently disagreeing with him, he lay on
his side, gasping for breath as  his  throat  expanded  to  allow
whatever was coming up to do so.
    Kenda fought for breath as Rahi's throat musculature squeezed
in  on  her  from every side.  "This was a lot easier coming in,"
she thought.  At last her nose poked up  out  of  Rahi's  throat,
into  the  back  of  his  mouth.  Shortly thereafter, more of her
muzzle followed, up to her eyes.  At this point she stopped for a
moment,  to catch her breath, and then her tongue reached out and
licked Rahi's.
    Rahi was, to say the least, startled to taste another  tongue
licking  his,  from the inside of his mouth.  "Whah?" he tried to
say, but couldn't quite since his mouth was full.  He settled for
exploring  with  his tongue and trying to figure out the shape of
whatever was coming out.
    "When you say you're  hungry,  lover,  you're  not  kidding,"
Kenda said.
    "Kenda?!" Rahi managed.
    "That's right...Now, if you don't mind, why don't you help me
get  out of here?"  She wriggled forward a little more, gradually
getting her head and shoulders up into Rahi's mouth, and  pulling
her  hands  out  of  his  throat  to  brace herself with.  As her
breasts passed over his tongue, she couldn't resist  pausing  for
just  a  moment  to  rest  them  there, rub them back and forth a
little until they hardened, and  Rahi  felt  a  part  of  himself
getting hard at the same time from the taste and sensation of his
lover so close to him.  At last she pulled  her  legs  completely
out of Rahi's throat with a wet pop, and got to her feet.
    She stood before him, glistening wetly in the firelight  from
the  digestive fluids and saliva that still coated her fur.  Rahi
scrambled  to  his  own  feet.   "I--I  don't  understand.   What
happened, and how could I--how could I--"  He trailed off, trying
to  remember.   They'd  made  love  furiously...in  the  heat  of
passion...and he'd...he'd...
    He did have some vague  recollections  now  that  he  thought
about   it...his   jaws   opening   wider   than  he  could  ever
remember...Kenda resting her head on his tongue and...
    "You were hungry," Kenda replied.  "And I can't  say  that  I
was all that reluctant myself...or that I'm any the worse for the
experience.  In fact..."  She moved closer  to  him,  placed  her
arms  around  him.   "...it was kind of fun.  After all, not many
lovers can get THAT close, now can they?"
    "But how...why..." Rahi began.
    "Aren't I digested?" Kenda replied.  "I don't know...but I do
know  that I'm here, alive, and in good condition..."  She rubbed
up against him.  "Why don't we make some more body  heat?"   Rahi
was  too taken aback to protest, and soon they were in the throes
of passion.
    Kenda kissed her mate passionately as he stroked her breasts.
Their  legs intertwined and they were locked together.  Rahi shot
his seed into Kenda, and at last they parted.
    This coupling had not been as frantic, as urgent as the  last
one. Somehow, this time, they had less need to mate and more need
to touch each other, simply to feel that the other existed.
    Rahi was still having difficulty believing  what  he'd  done.
His  mate, his beloved, the person he least wanted to hurt in all
the world...and he'd eaten her.  The very idea made him  slightly
nauseous just thinking about it.
    Kenda, on the other hand, was glad to be outside of her lover
once  more,  to  breathe  the fresh air, but she was beginning to
feel somewhat cold.  After thinking about it, she had come  to  a
conclusion--somehow,  she  was  MEANT  to be eaten by Rahi, to be
swallowed down into his stomach and stay there  except  for  rare
occasions such as this.
    It had to be a survival instinct of some sort, she reflected.
The  female  was  the  weak  link, but if she was protected--kept
inside of the male where it was warm and safe, nothing could  get
to  her,  and she could have all the food she needed or desired--
then the Greater Lupine would be able to multiply.
    Kenda went back around the fire to where  Rahi  was  sitting.
"Rahi," she said.  "You're going to have to eat me again..."
    "But--" Rahi said.  "I can't do that!   Just  thinking  about
it--"
    "It's something you have to do," Kenda said.   "In  the  cold
out there, I can't survive.  The only way for me to live with you
is to live inside of you."
    "But to...to EAT you--" Rahi stammered.  "I LOVE you."
    "Come on, please..." Kenda pleaded.  "It's the only way I can
survive  the cold.  Besides..." she patted his chest "it's really
comfortable in there."  She pushed herself up against  his  chest
and  pulled down on his jaw, and once again the survival instinct
kicked in.  Rahi's mouth opened to its normal width,  then  still
wider,  and Kenda grinned.  "Lift me up, lover.  This time I want
to go in feet first."
    Kenda turned around so that she  was  standing  in  front  of
Rahi,  facing  away  from him.  When she looked over his shoulder
and caught his eye, he had very little choice but  to  acquiesce.
His  powerful arms raised Rahi into the air overhead, so that her
legs were dangling down in front of his face.   Kenda  moved  the
legs  so  that her feet were in his mouth.  "Now just let me down
so gravity can do the rest."
    Kenda  slid  down  into  Rahi's  throat.    Even   with   his
trepidation,  Rahi  had  to admit that Kenda was still one of the
best things he'd ever tasted, and it was hard  for  him  to  stop
from  just  gulping  her  down.   Kenda  sensed  his  hesitation,
however.  "C'mon, lover...don't  hold  back.   You  know  I  want
it..."
    Rahi could hold out no longer.  He began to swallow  rapidly,
almost desperately, and the hot, moist flesh moved up around her.
Kenda almost purred with  pleasure  as  she  felt  herself  being
enveloped...she  didn't  know  why,  but it was a kind of ecstasy
she'd never felt before--like an orgasm all over her  body.   The
light  died away, and she settled back into Korros's stomach once
more, safe and warm inside the body of her lover.
    Korros sighed, and relaxed again  by  the  fire.   Guess  I'm
alone again, he thought.
    <<No you're not,>> Kenda's voice said inside his mind.   <<As
long as I'm with you, you're never alone.>>
    <<Kenda?>> Rahi thought in amazement.  <<I  didn't  know  you
were telepathic.>>
    <<I didn't know you  were  either,>>  Kenda  replied.   <<But
then,  neither of us knew about this, either, did we?>> She poked
at the side of his stomach.  <<Seems to me that there've  been  a
lot  of  changes  going on to us lately.  Anyway, I'm happy here,
and you ought to be happy to have me.>>
    <<I guess I am,>> Rahi thought.  <<But it's just  so...>>  He
trailed off.
    <<I know.  Anyway, I'm going to go to sleep now.>>  As  Kenda
drifted  off,  Rahi  sat  by  the  fire, his hand on his stomach.
Well, at least the question of how  the  female  Greater  Lupines
survived  had  been  answered.  And  as he sat there, feeling the
gentle movements of his lover inside his stomach, he had to admit
that maybe it wasn't all that bad after all.
    Now that he knew how Kenda would survive, Rahi could continue
on  to  the  mountains.   The  future  looked brighter than ever,
especially since Kenda would be around to share in it.

			     THE END
