Archive-name: Bestial/ranger2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Lone Ranger Rides Again, The (Part II)


      When we last saw Katy she was frantically trying get out from under
Ranger.  Except Ranger was still in the mood and humping enthusiastically into
his human bitch.  Katy had seen the car lights of someone pulling into
her driveway and was becoming even more desperate at getting Ranger
to dismount.  After all what would Nancy and Albert think when they
walked in and saw her locked in the control of their dog.  She would
never live it down.

      Since this was a desperate situation it called for her to carry out
desperate measures no matter what the circumstances.  Katy began by
crawling off of the couch onto the floor, with Ranger still locked
in a tie on her back.  She mustered all her strength and proceeded to
crawl to her bedroom with Ranger following so, so very close behind.
As she reached the hallway she heard the car in the driveway backing
out and driving away.  To say the least Katy was relieved.  But she was
still expecting Nancy and Albert any time so she had better remedy the
situation or suffer the consequences.  She continued to crawl down the
hallway and into her bedroom.  Once inside she slowly turned around to
close the bedroom door, so if nothing else she would be out of sight if
her company arrived home.

      As she twisted around to face the door Katy felt Ranger still very
much inside her.  His erection as well as the knot at its base was still
ridged as steel.  She couldn't imagine any of her previous boyfriends
having this amazing staying power.  The more she thought about it the
more she decided that the perfect sexual partner for her had to be a dog.
After all a dog seemed to have an in-exhaustible sex drive, it wasn't
able to get her pregnant (at least that what she hoped), and a dog would
always be there when she need a bit of release.  And if she didn't want
to do anything she would not have to deal with the guilt as she does
with her boyfriend.

      Since Katy was now in the safety of her room she figured she would just
get comfortable and wait for Ranger's knot to subside.  Katy pulled the
cushion off of the chair next to the bed along with a couple of pillows
and piled them in the middle of the floor.  She crawled on top of them
and relaxed.  Her ass was still high enough to accommodated Ranger and
she wasn't experiencing any pain.  Quite the contrary, she loved the
feeling of being so full and Ranger's soft warm coat felt wonderful as
he covered her back.  As Katy laid there her mind began to wonder.

      It was about an hour later when Katy was awakened by the slamming of her
front door and Ranger's barking.  She rolled over got up and walked to
the bathroom to get her robe as she turned on the light she looked down
at her sore pussy.  To her surprise she was very clean, apparently Ranger
had licked her clean during her short slumber.  She couldn't find her
robe after all it was laying somewhere in the living room so she put
on her boyfriends robe and walked to the bedroom door where Ranger was
eagerly digging at the carpet.

      As Katy and Ranger proceeded into he living room she was greeted by Nancy
and Albert.  The three talked for a little while and then turned in for
the night.  As Katy tried to fall asleep her mind was constantly filled
with the images of being taken by Ranger.  Try as she might she could
not get to sleep.  So she decided to get up and get a snack and watch a
bit of TV.  As she walked down the hall she heard muffled moans coming
from the guest room.  Katy envied the fact that Nancy had companionship
tonight.  But her boyfriend would only be away for a few more days and
then her needs would be met.

      Katy went to the kitchen and got a piece of cake and a glass of milk and
went into the living room to watch the TV.  It was late and the only
thing on was a David Letterman rerun.  Katy finished off her snack and
was flipping channels when she heard a yelp come from the guest room.

      To say the least Katy was curious about this noise.   Katy tip toed down
the hallway to the guest bedroom and placed an ear to the door.  For the
next few moments she heard nothing but silence, until there came a low
feminine moan and a male voice chanting " That's it. Take that bitch.
Go on boy, give it to her.".  Now Katy had to know what was going on
inside the guest room.

      Since the hall light was off and she saw light creeping under the door she
got down on her knees and peered under the crack.  It was to Katy's
surprise, or should I say her deepest wish, that she saw Nancy leaning
against the bed as Ranger rained thrust after thrust into his human
sex toy.  As Katy looked around the room she saw Albert stroking his
cock while seated in a chair to the side of the bed.

      Katy eased a finger into her mouth pretending it was Ranger's prick.
Sucked on it and then began to finger her juicy little cunt.  As Katy
watched in wonderment, Nancy continued to moan, having orgasm after
orgasm.  Each thrust of Ranger's turgid cock moved Nancy's ass a little
closer to the bed, and increased the pace at which Katy fingered her clit.
It was at this point that Katy gave herself away as she lost her balance
and made a loud thump against the wall.  The noise didn't even phase
Nancy who just kept thrusting back against Ranger increasing advances.
Albert however, quickly got up, slipped on his robe, and opened the door
to check the hallway.  There lay Katy with her fingers in cunt and her
robe crunched under her hip.

      Even though both Katy and Albert were embarrassed they were also very
worked up.  Katy broke the silence by asking Albert,"Well are you
going to help me up and invite me in or are you just going to stand
there trying to poke my eye out with your dick while your wife has all
the fun?".  Albert smiled, reached down and pulled Katy to her feet.
The proceeded back into the guest room.  Katy reached down to stroke
Albert's fading erection, and Albert return the favor by turning Katy
around and examining her tonsils with his tongue.

      Nancy was out of the throws of her orgasm and playfully asked Albert just
what was he doing.  He responded by telling Nancy that she seemed a
little preoccupied so he was letting Katy take matters into her hands.
Ranger was again experiencing a tie, this time with Nancy.  When Katy saw
this she asked the couple," Just exactly what do you do when a Nancy gets
in a tie with Ranger?".  Nancy responded by saying that she just enjoyed
the filling feeling.  When Katy voiced her agreement by saying, "I know.
Isn't it a wonderful feeling.  He is so large and warm and the feeling
of his coat is simply exquisite.", she knew that she had let the cat out
of the bag.  Now Albert and Nancy knew that she had helped herself to
their dog.  Albert said that sometimes he would let Nancy suck his cock
while Ranger's prick subsided, but the best thing he could do was...
Albert stopped in mid sentence, then said, "No.  I think I'll have to
show you.".

      As Albert got up Katy had to release his now semi-rigid cock.  Albert
walked over to the bed where Nancy was still leaning with Ranger on
her back.  Albert stepped up on the bed.  Ranger barked and started to
wag his tail.  This movement of Ranger's haunches enticed an enthusiastic
moan from Nancy.  Albert knelt across the back of Nancy's head.  Ranger
proceeded to nose around in Albert's crotch until he was able to take
hold of Albert's cock.  Katy was amazed.  She had never even considered
a dog being of use to a male.  The scene that was unfolding before her
was more than she had ever hoped.  Albert explained that even though
Ranger had large sharp teeth he never did more than suck on his cock.
Albert explained that he thought Ranger's actions were a memory from
when he was a puppy nursing from his mother.

      Albert explained in detail how good Ranger's actions felt.  Ranger would
suck for a while then pull back releasing Albert's cock, lick the sides
of his now very stiff member, then proceed to deep throat Albert again.
Because Albert's cock had become so hard, he had to lean forward
so Ranger would continue to deep throat him.  This position gave a
perfect arrangement for Albert to explore the union of Ranger and Nancy.
Albert told Katy that as he would begin to massage Ranger's ball, Ranger
would increase the suction on his prick.  Quickly the situation became
to much for Albert to handle.  He was on the brink of coming and there
was no way to hold back.  As Albert voiced his excitement, it startled
Ranger who quickly pulled back leaving Albert's cock shooting it's load
all over Nancy's back.

      Feeling left out Katy moved to milk the last spurts of cum from Albert's
cock.  She deep throated him a couple of times.  The head of his cock
was just to sensitive at this moment so he pulled away from Katy and
lay down on the bed.  Ranger began to lick the cum from Nancy's back.
Katy joined in.  Both Katy and Ranger licked Nancy's back clean.
Then Katy slid her tongue over to make contact with Ranger's tongue,
which she proceeded to suck into her mouth.  The four-some slowly began
to regain their composure.

      Then Katy asked, " What about me?  I have an aching in my pussy and it
just won't go away.".  Nancy began to ask Katy when she had had animal sex,
referring to the answer Katy gave when commenting on Nancy and Ranger
being in a tie.

      Katy begins to explain.  But that's another story.

--
