Archive-name: Bestial/ranger.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Lone Ranger Rides Again, The


     It was late saturday evening.  Katy had just finished cleaning
up the kitchen.  Earlier she had entertained her friend Nancy, her
roommate from college, and her husband Albert.  The cook out had
been a whopping success.  About 6 PM Nancy and Albert left to visit
a few of Albert's friends from school.  Since Katy didn't know
Albert's friends she decided to stay home and watch a movie.  

     Before watching the movie Katy decided to take a shower and
wash the sweat and smell from the barbecue off of her.  Looking
into the mirror on the back of the bathroom door Katy decided that
she wasn't bad looking.  She stands about 5'2" tall, with shoulder
length curly blonde hair, very slim, (she attends aerobics 4 times
a week) a firm well rounded ass and nice cantaloupe size breasts
that fill out a sweater in the best way.  Katy's boyfriend was away
for a week at a national physics conference, so it had been a week
since she last had sex.  This, along with Nancy and Albert's
flirting with each other during dinner had her hot and bothered in
the worst way.  She began to play with her little clit as the warm
water caressed her skin.  To say the least she was really getting
into it.  Katy was on the verge of her first orgasm when all of a
sudden she was startled by a loud howl and then a ferocious bark. 
It was at this point that she was reminded of Ranger, Nancy and
Albert's dog.  

     Ranger was a mix between a dalmatian and a great dane. He
stood 3 feet tall and was almost completely grey except for two
black patches that surrounded his eyes like a mask.  Thus came his
name, Ranger, short for The Lone Ranger.

     Katy had forgotten about Ranger since she hadn't seen him
since before dinner.  Ranger kept barking away at something.  Katy
lived in a good neighborhood so she didn't think it could be a
prowler.  Plus Ranger had interrupted her fun an she couldn't
concentrate as long as he continued to bark.  So she decided to
check out the situation.  She got out of the shower and wrapped her
hair in a towel and slipped into a very short silk robe.  

     When she turned the corner she saw Ranger standing against the
window pushing the curtains to the side with his large paws.  When
Katy looked out the window to see what Ranger was barking about she
notice the neighbor's dog rolling in her front yard.  Ranger, who
must have become excited due to his lack of animal companionship,
was standing upright against the large picture window that looked
out onto the front yard.  Katy was afraid that if he continued
pressing against the window he would surely break right through it. 
Katy began by telling Ranger in a very stern voice to " Get Down". 
But he seemed to be paying more attention to the bitch in the front
yard than to Katy.  Her next move was to grab him by the collar and
see if she could pull him away.  But this was also to no avail. 
Ranger just kept barking and pressing against the window.  

     By this time Katy was just plain pissed off.  She had never
had any pets as a child, and for the most part she was used to
having her way in most any situation.  So now she was going to have
to be a little more sly than ol' Ranger.  She quickly ran to the
kitchen and got one of the uncooked steaks that was left over from
this afternoon's cookout.  Upon returning to the front window she
taunted Ranger by dangling the piece of meat in front of his face. 
Now a piece of ass is one of the items in a dogs higher archy of
needs but at the top of the list is food.  And a raw steak, well
that only adds drive and determination to the situation.  

     Upon smelling the steak, Ranger jerked sideways letting the
curtains fall back into place and at the same time pushing Katy to
the floor.  Ranger straddled Katy trying to bite the steak she held
in her hand.  But even in this predicament Katy was not about to
let Ranger have the steak.  After all she was the boss, right?

     Katy held the steak over her head out of Ranger's grasp.  But
Ranger wanted the steak.  He moved forward to try to bite at it
again.  To counter Katy scooted her ass along the floor and out
from under Ranger.  This only annoyed Ranger.  He took a couple of
steps forward and proceeded to lay on top of Katy, pinning her to
the floor.  Ranger was much to large for Katy to get out from
under.  Ranger sensed this and dragged his body across Katy's.  

     It was at this point that Katy felt something smooth and warm
pressing against the entrance to her pussy.  And the fact that she
had been masturbating only moments before allowed Ranger undaunted
access to her cunt.  The sensation was pleasing even though the
thought of the situation turned her stomach.  But Katy's anger soon
turned curiosity and she conceded the steak to keep Ranger occupied
while she enjoyed the new sensations that she was experiencing.

     Ranger's enthusiasm in finishing off the steak only added to
Katy's excitement.  As he tore at the steak will pinning it to the
floor he sent thrusting waves of pleasure rippling through Katy
dripping cunt.  Ranger quickly finished devouring the steak and it
was at this point that his thoughts turned to the warmth that
surrounded his penis.  Startled, he withdrew from Katy's cunt with
the quickness of a gazelle.  This dropped Katy down from her higher
plane of ecstacy just as she was again approaching orgasm.  Ranger
moved to the side and began to clean his genitals.  What he tasted
wasn't as good as the steak he had just finished but it was worth
looking for the source from where it came. Ranger began sniffing
the air.  Katy's pussy gave off this wonderful scent and this time
it was Ranger's tongue that wound up in Katy.  






     Katy not wanting to miss out on another orgasm spread her legs
wide to give Ranger even more access to her swollen pussy.  As
Rangers tongue moved from under her ass to the top of her clit in
one fell swoop Katy moaned in pleasure.  Never had Katy even
considered have sex with a dog.  And now she was giving herself in
any way that might please the beast.  Time after time Ranger lashed
his tongue across Katy's clit.  Her juices were flowing and her was
once again on the verge of orgasm.  Instead of concentrating on the
matter at hand, or should I say at tongue, she wondered if she
would again be brought to the edge and then be abruptly let down. 
She was wondering so much about this that she let her legs fall to
the floor.  One of which hit Ranger in the side making him yelp and
move quickly away.  Katy had contributed to her own defeat this
time and had it in her mind that she was going to have an orgasm
tonight, and Ranger was going to be a part of it.

     Katy looked at Ranger, who was again tending to his swollen
penis.  Katy decided that she was going to have this animal fuck
her to orgasm and that this time there was nothing that was going
to stop it.  She called to Ranger, who at first ignored her.  So
she patted the sofa as she called his name.  This time he came over
to her and stood to her side.  She was still sitting on the floor
at about eye level with Ranger's throbbing prong.  She reached out
and began to massage its length, which had a slight upward curve. 
All in all she thought, it really does seem to be larger than the
dick on my boyfriend.  As she began moving her hand up and down its
length Ranger began to respond by thrusting forward on each of
Katy's advances.  Pretty soon Ranger took over and Katy was left
holding the bag and the pole.  Both of which Ranger seemed to
enjoy.

     Since Ranger was in a humping motion Katy slowly got up and
bent over the edge of the couch, never releasing Ranger from her
desperate grip.  Slowly she brought Ranger around behind her with
one hand as she patted the top of the couch with the other.  Ranger
instantly took to the command and mounted Katy from behind.  Katy
guided Ranger into her steaming pussy in one long motion.  

     As Ranger thrust deeper and deeper Katy moaned more and more. 
It was a better feeling than before.  Now Ranger was moving more
and their orientation allow a deeper penetration.  After a while
Katy felt a large bulge pressing against her cunt every time Ranger
pressed inward.  At first she thought that he might be thrusting so
hard that his balls were working their way into her pussy.  As she
moved her hand back to feel his sack she found both of his full
ball hanging free.  Katy gently massaged them knowing that they
held one of the components that would aide her in reaching orgasm. 
She slowly moved her hand up to the base of his cock.  It was there
that she encountered a large knot of muscle.  Katy not being
familiar with the genitalia of canines let it go and just enjoyed
the sensation.


     Ranger's thrust became more powerful and the knot slowly
pushed its way into Katy's pussy.  The feeling of the bulge popping
in and out of her cunt was very enjoyable.  She was nearing another
orgasm, but this time the only thing on her mind was enjoyment. 
Ranger was also nearing his orgasm.  To Katy's surprise, Ranger's
movements turned to short thrusts with the bulge remaining inside
her pussy.  Then all of a sudden her pussy felt fuller than it had
ever felt.  The bulge was increasing in size.  This full feeling
sent Katy over the edge and her body was racked with orgasm after
orgasm.  To top it all off she felt Ranger's warm cum splashing the
walls of her cunt.  This was all she needed.  She was again in the
midst of multiple orgasms.

     As Katy came down she decide she had better get cleaned up
before Nancy and Albert got back.  As she moved to the side trying
to get Ranger to dismount she felt a tugging inside of her pussy. 
Katy could not imagine the bulge she had felt while exploring
Ranger's balls was large enough to keep Ranger's prick from sliding
out of her pussy.  It was at this point that Katy's logical mind
took over.  She put the filling feeling that she encountered just
before Ranger shot his load to the swelling of the knot that he
had, only a few minutes before, forced into her.  She became
worried.  Katy did not want to be found out.  For the majority of
her life he had been a straight lace executive type, one that would
never become involved with animal sex.  

     The more Katy tried to pull away from Ranger the more futile
it seemed to become.  She tried again and again to pull free from
Ranger but it was no use.  She then rationalized that if the knot
were lubricated it might slip out.  But since no lubricant was
around she came to the conclusion that the animal cum might serve
the same purpose.  She began by moving further up the couch.  This
brought Ranger to a position where he was standing on his hind
legs.  Katy then began to contract and relax the muscles of her
cunt hoping the motion and the angle would work enough cum out off
their union to lubricate her escape.

     The feeling of her cunt contracting revived Ranger, who most
likely had intended to wait for the knot to go down and then go on
about his business.  Ranger enjoyed the feeling and began to thrust
against the contractions as he had done earlier as Katy was
masturbating him.  Katy could only thin you stupid dog what is your
problem.  Here I am trying to get you to get off of me so that we
don't get caught and all you want to do is keep on banging.  

     All of a sudden Katy sees the reflection of car lights through
the curtains and the hears a car pull into the driveway.  Now
desperation has set in.  What will happen next?  Who has pulled
into the drive way?   

--
