Archive-name: Bondage/rapestry.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Rape Story - contrived


INTRODUCTION:
	Story includes non-consensual sex, bondage, and some light
rough-housing, between a man and a woman.  Due to the nature of the 
relationship BEFORE this story, this scene could happen BECAUSE OF 
PREVIOUS CONSENT.  Rape is not fun!  Living a fantasy with someone 
you love, is not rape.
--
 
	Wow...I have to tell you what happened to me last nite....I
haven't told anyone; who could I tell?  But you, I could tell...

The "man" and I went home late, as usual, after work and all sorts of
daily maintenance drudgery things.  He was teasing me (if you know
what I mean) and was getting me really wired...

We were walking to the car, and he suddenly pulled out a knife that he
has been carrying lately in his coat.  It's a switchblade, and the
snap of the blade surprised the HECK out of me....  Startled me, and
gave me a nice dose of adrenalyn to boot.  Then he said to me (in a
VERY commanding voice), "Do you see this?"  And he came close to me
and grabbed my arm, just below my shoulder.  His grip commanded me more
than his tone.  "Yes" I said, wondering what he was up to, but
breathing quicker from the shock and the adrenalyn.  "Keep walking!"
he said.  He then clicked the blade back into the handle of the knife,
but pressed it up against my side, hard, yet not enough to hurt.  Just
enough to remind me he was taking control of me.

We walked a few feet, toward my car, and he leaned over to my ear, and
in a strong, raspy, low voice, whispered to me,  "Don't
scream, don't say a word, or I'll kill you.  Do you understand?" I
knodded yes quickly, my mind racing with apprehension and excitement.
My breathing continued to race, as well, as I became lost in his
words and his actions, forgetting that this was the very same man who I
have come to trust with my life, my history, my soul, my love... At that
moment, he became a stranger with such intensity as to light me up,
both with fear and with trembling sexual tension.  What would he do
with me?

"What do you want with me?" I whispered.  He yanked my arm forward in
reply, hurrying my step and displaying his impatience with my actions.
"I told you not to talk!" He bit, pressing the butt of the knife
against my throat, threatening to click open the blade against my
vulnerable flesh.  He then opened the passenger-side door of my car,
throwing me onto the seat, sneering at me.

He drove me back to my place in silence....

Once inside my apartment, me shaking with trepidation, he said to me,
"I've only got 8 hours 'till I'm outta here.  You cooperate with me,
and I won't have to hurt you.  You understand?"  I nodded.  I guess he
could sense my fear, his voice seemed so powerful and pleased with
himself.  He grabbed my arm again, pushing me toward my bedroom, which
was easily visible given the small size of my living quarters.  My
mind began to fly wildly with images of what he had in mind...  I knew
what he wanted, but I didn't want to admit it to myself. No, no, no, I
kept saying, he's not really going to do anything, he just wants a
place to stay...

The entire time he had kept me close enough to him as to not let me
see his face.  Of course my fear helped him; I was petrified that if I
made one false move, he would take it as an excuse to slice my throat
open.  

He shoved me face down on my bed, ripping my coat off my arms as he
flung me forward.  "Eight hours, and I'll be outta here.  You won't
even hear me leave.  And if you are good and cooperative, you'll get
outta here alive!"  Then he moved in close behind me, pressing me to
the bed with his weight.  "Do you have neighbors nearby?"  In fear and
inability to think, I froze.  He shook me quickly, hard, "I said, DO
YOU HAVE NEIGHBORS NEARBY?!!  Don't MESS with me, little girl, or I'll
do you like I did the shop clerk.  Told HIM I wouldn't hurt him, too.
You never know, by looking at people." He laughed. "Get my drift?" I
nodded.  What was that supposed to mean?!!  He had told ME he wouldn't
hurt me.  He had killed a shop clerk?  What was I in for?  Did I have
any choice? 

"Is there anyone around who might hear you?" He repeated. I nodded again,
becoming even more aware that there was nothing I could do now to
defend myself, which would not mean sure death for me.  

"You live here all alone, don't you?" I could hear he was half mocking
me, that I had no one to help me.  I nodded again.  I heard him laugh.
He started to lift his weight off me, telling me, "Don't even MOVE, or
your DEAD!"  What could I do?  

"TURN your head into the pillow!"  I did, quickly. I didn't want to
infuriate him again, he seemed to be calming down a bit, and that
meant I was more likely to live.  "Such a pretty girl, to be living all
alone.  So-o-o-o-o pretty." His voice sounded like a crazed lunatic as
he spoke to me.  He was slowly stroking my hair, like the way you'd 
pet an snimsl.  

Finally he spoke again.  "What's your name, pretty
one?"  I didn't know what to say...should I tell him, or should I give
him a fake name?  Surely he'd never tell me HIS name, not his REAL
one, anyway...  He didn't like my hesitation, and was quick to
retaliate.  He started gripping my neck as though to choke me, and
I said "Caitlyn" through the tightness of his grasp.  Then he got off me,
moving toward my closet. "My name is Frank," he sneered.  Yeah, right.
Like I'd believe that...  

He opened my closet door, looking for who-knows-what, tearing things
in the process.  My mind continued to be a flood of images of fear 
and possibilities of what this man could take from me, now that he 
had me in his control.  Anything he wanted, he could just take.  "Please
don't hurt me." I wanted to distract him. "You want money, you can
have it.  You want a place to stay, you can..." "SHADDUP!!" he howled. 

He was suddenly on top of me again.  

"You know DAMNED well that I will take ANYTHING I WANT!  Besides, I
TOLD you, I just need a place to spend the night, and then I'm free!
Now, I have to be sure you don't see me, so I won't have to kill you.
Can't have you identifying me, now can I?"  He was stroking my long,
dark hair again, over and over, slower and slower.  "So-o-o-o-o
pretty!" Finally he spoke again, "I'm going to put this over your
eyes, so that you can't see.  But I don't want it to hurt, ok?" I
nodded again, a bit relieved that he had some compassion.  Maybe I
wouldn't die afterall.  He tied a black strip of cloth around my eyes,
being careful to move my hair before it pulled.  So gentle, his touch.
So this was what he was hunting for in my closet...a blindfold. He
pulled the knot tight; firm, so that I couldn't open my eyes, but not
painfully tight.  "Does that hurt?" "No," I said.  My voice sounded
small to me, like a child's.  But I was calming down.  My only fear was
that he wanted to take my body, and there'd be nothing I could do.

Suddenly he grabbed my wrists, firmly. He was pulling my arms behind
my back, but not painfully;  only strong enough to impress
me, not enough to hurt me.  Not unless I struggled against him.  I
thought he'd tie my hands behind my back, he was looping a strap
around my left wrist, but then he grabbed my shoulders and flipped me
onto my back.  I quickly understood what he was up to, as my left
wrist was pulled outward away from me; he had obviously tied it to a
rope or something, and intended to tie my arms to my bedposts.

I let him tie me.  I struggled at first, and he responded by grabbing
my neck again as if to choke me.  I immediately stopped fighting.  "If
you cooperate, I won't hurt you, Caitlyn..." He was taunting me with his
voice, making obvious implications that I could no longer deny.  I lay
frozen, as he progressed through each step: tying my other arm,
pulling my pants down over my ankles and off, laying his body over my
legs and my thighs. Each step, he repeated his appreciation of me,
"So-o-o-o-o pretty....So-o-o-o-o pretty."  As he lay on top of me, he
whispered in my ear, "Just cooperate Caitlyn, I won't hurt you..."  He
was using a soothing, softer voice, trying to calm me.  Instead, my
breathing quickened again.  Being so vulnerable, not able to make any
choices, being so helpless...he liked it, and was getting turned on by
it.  So was I.  Yet I fought to not let it show.  

"I won't hurt you..." he repeated, as he traced the form of my legs
with his rough hands. "This is what ALL you women want, isn't it?!!"

He lifted his body away from me, leaving me wondering what he'd do
next.  Then I felt his knees near my shoulders.  "I want to feel those
pretty lips!" he sneered.  Then, taunting me, "Cooperate, and you
won't get hurt..."  I took him in my mouth, noticing that my tongue
was moving over him, without me thinking about it.  Realizing this, I
stopped; this lead him to thrusting his hips into me, sliding the
length of him between my lips.  He moaned in pleasure, "Mmm, yesss, I
LIKE that..."  His movements continued several minutes more, before he
lifted himself away from me again.  "Yesss, eight hours till I have to
go..." 

He then pulled my sweater up, exposing my breasts.  I felt totally and
uncontrollably vulnerable.  I was wearing a black lace bra, as I
usually did, and he moaned in approval.  I was terrified of him.  At
the same time though, I was fighting back waves of pleasure coursing
through my body.  I was very wet, and I knew it would only be a matter
of time before he'd find out, and my body would betray me.  He then
lifted his body off me, only to abruptly force my legs apart at the
knees.  I felt like I was going to cry.  But I never could, very
easily, and now was no different.  My tears never progressed past
whimpers.  

Suddenly he thrust his fingers into me.  I inhaled sharply at the
shock, and the pleasure, of feeling him touching me.  "Hmmm... Do you
LIKE that, Caitlyn?" He was playing with my mind, using my name to
prevent me from hiding inside my mind, to keep the situation immediate
to me.  I didn't answer.  

He took my silence as a confirmation to him, a  sign of pleasure, 
and began moving his fingers inside me, pleasing me, touching me
as only he knows how.  Wave after wave of pleasure flooded my body,
and I had to fight not to moan out loud.  Realizing I was restraining,
he continued caressing me, bringing me closer and closer to orgasm,
pushing my limits of self-control.

Finally I lost myself.  Moaning and undulating at his touch, I was
totally at his command.  "Tell me you are mine!" he said.  I
hesitated.  His touch became more insistent; his weapon of control was 
pleasure now, not pain.  My resistance collapsed under it, and when he
repeated, "Caitlyn, TELL me you are MINE!" I followed his order.  

I was lost in the waves, on the brink of what my body so hungrily
craved, when he pulled his fingers out of me, making me writhe in
unsatisfied agony.  He's teasing me.  The pleasure continued to course
through my blood, when I finally felt him climbing on top of me,
preparing to thrust himself into me.  "Do you feel that?" he teased,
as he let just his tip caress my hunger.  His actions were making my
desire increase, to mind-numbing proportions! "Hmm?!  Do you feel that?"
he insisted, until all I could do in my madness and desire was nod,
writhe, and moan.  Finally he thrust himself full into me, fast, then
withdrawing slowly, repeated the quick thrust.  

Within the depths of me, each stroke's hit caused incredible,
powerful, thundering amounts of pleasure, his technique both
teasing me with the slow withdrawal, and building me with the quick
pressure.  He'd started slowly at first, torturing me and building me,
but then began repeating his movements faster and faster, until I
couldn't hold back my orgasms, or my groans.  As though riding the
crest of a wave, he had succeeded in controlling me even down to my
climax, continuing the pleasure until finally, I could sense HIS
approach, and he pulled out of me.  "I'm going to come all over that
pretty body of yours now, Caitlyn!" he breathed.  He then started pulling
the front of my sweater up over the back of my head, fully exposing my
chest and belly to him.   

It wasn't but a second before he was inside me again, pounding yet
another climax out of me, and out of him.  He demanded I lift my head,
saying "Do you want to taste me? Lift that pretty head up and open
your mouth!"  He was very close.   As he came, he backed up,
spraying hot liquid over my breasts, belly, and waist, but moving too
far away for his juices to reach my lips.  His voice showed his
pleasure just as his body had, and he touched my fluid-covered skin
with his fingers. He then told me to open my mouth again, and pressed
his cream-covered fingertips over my lips and my tongue.  "I might
even come back, when this is all over.  I like you!" he said.  


He moved off the bed, finally, and went to my bathroom to retrieve a
towel, and to clean up.  With familiar gentleness, he cleaned my body,
untied my bonds, and laid next to me.  Then he removed my blindfold.
Blinking, I had some difficulty re-adjusting my eyes to the light of
the room.  I looked at my captor, his gentle smile, his glittering
eyes, his wavy hair.


"So does this mean you have to kill me now, now that I've seen you?" 
I smiled.  He smiled back.  

"This means I'm curling up next to you and going to SLEEP!" my love 
replied.  

--
