Copyright © 1998,    Sam Hammer.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this entire notice attached (both header & footer).  The 
author may be contacted by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.











STANDARD DISCLAIMER:
You know the drill, you aren't of age where you live, you shouldn't be 
reading this or the story below.  If you are reading this, then it is
of your own free will.  The following story contains consentual, non
consentual, oral, anal, interracial...geez just about everything.
Spammers go to hell!

All rights reserved by the author.  You can reproduce it, but don't
alter it or sell it.  If you do sell it, make sure I get a healthy cut.

   I accept constructive criticism.  Flames are ignored.  

Disclaimer:  If it's immoral or illegal where you live, then don't.  Move
to somewhere it is legal and then read away.  - Sam

 

Prelude:
   There were no locks on the door.  Just an unwritten rule that had worked
for every day that Carol Brazil could remember.  That's why Carol was more
disturbed at the unexpected entry miffed at being caught masturbating.

   Her Mother swallowed hard, all thoughts of her original reason for
disturbing her daughter forgotten.  Her head dizzy, she moved to Carol's
messy desk and pulled out her chair.

   Opal sat in silence in front of her daughter.  What could she say to her
youngest child that could make a difference?  Her mind snapped back to her 
her own mother and her warning of trouble.

***


   [Manila, the Philippines.  5 A.M.]

   "Opal Jewel Nastia, I want to know where you have been ALL NIGHT LONG!"
The answer obvious, the evidence washed away, but never forgotten.

   Opal hung her head in shame.  "I...I can't mother."

   Nadine Nastia shook her head at her errant daughter.  She sighed once
and instead of flying off in a mothers tirade, she simply took off her
ever present bathroom slippers and began to rub her stocking feet.  Opal
saw the calf high stockings and with a hope of forestalling her terrible
punishment, slipped from her own chair, went to her mother, kneeled and
began rubbing her aching feet.

   Opal looked up at her mother.  The fourteen year old girl gathered her
courage and met her mothers gaze.  She saw her mother's open hand, lift
as if to slap her face, but instead, gently caressed her jet black hair.

   As Nadia caressed her daughters cheek, she spoke softly.

   "Opal, how many men?  The truth."

   Opal took a quick breath.  How could she have known?  It was too quick
for word to get around their small village.  Just on the outskirts of the
city, their village was small and mainly survived due to business from the
American Air Base.  Taking a deep breath, she rubbed her mothers foot and
gently cleared her throat before speaking.

   "Ten."

   Nadia took a deep breath.  Her daughter hadn't been as loose and fast
as she had been herself at that age.  Nadia remembered twice that many
when the change came out her.
"Stand up, Opal."

   "Yes Mother."  Opal stood up.  The woman was barely over five feet tall.
The average height for people from her village.  The only thing that seemed
out of place were her breasts.  Well over the normal endownment of other
women and girls that she knew, Nadia knew that such large breasts on such
a small pretty girl would make her a target for men of a lustful nature.

   Nadia smiled, putting her daughter at ease.  "Just eight?  I see.  How
do you feel now?  Do you want more?"

   Young Opal collasped at her mothers feet, hugging her parents legs.
"Mother..."  Her voice dropped to almost a whisper.  "Yes.  I want more.
I'm sorry Mother, I tried to be good.  But it seems every time I get close
to a man...I belong to him.  I'm sorry."

   Opal had remembered how she fought the first man, how she was held down
by two others.  She remembered how it all changed when the man exposed 
himself to her, straddled her generous chest and demanded she opened her
mouth.  Within minutes, her innocent young face was plastered with the 
man's warm semen.  Opal remembered the salty taste and the moment she
asked for more and then begged for more.  Ten men later, every orifice
she possessed had been violated several times and she was forced to walk
home with the feel of the gang's sperm running from her tender young ass
and well used cunt till the slimy liquid seemed to pool in her mother's 
stolen high heels.  

  To Opals surprise, Nadia held her emotions in check.  "No.  I understand.
It seems to be something our women...the women in our family go through."

   "Mother, what can I do?  I don't want to be a B-girl, but the money and
all those men..."

   The old woman nodded again.  "Of course you don't.  The best way is to
do what I did.  Get married and get married right away.  Take out your
urges and desires on your husband."

   Opal blinked.  "But I'm only fourteen."

   Her mother stroked her daughters hair once and stood, encouraging her
daughter to the same.  The two stood almost eye to eye, with her daughter
being slightly taller then her mother.  Nadia reached for her apron and
tied it behind her back.

   "Perfect.  I can take care of the details.  You can go to America.!"

   America!  Fast cars, big buildings, everyone a millionaire!  She knew
now how the american soldiers, some only a few years older then her own
fourteen years were driving cars and making more money then their entire
family.  Her thoughts turned to curiosity.

***

   [Waddapole, Hammertown County]

   Opal's mind snapped back to the present.  She could see that her young
daughter had inherited her mother small breasts and petite size.  The
teenager hid her body behind a towel. 

   "Geez Mom, masturbating is normal and healthy.  JR wacks his pee-pee
all the time and you don't say a thing."

   Opal shook her head furiously.  "That's...that's different.  JR is a
boy and he's older.  You are a girl and shouldn't be having any thoughts
about sex whatsoever!  It must be that colored boy across the street."

   Carol sighed and spoke before she could catch herself.  "I wish."

   Opal reached to slap her daughter, but stopped herself.  Her mother
had handled everything, but these kids today!  Carol always obeyed her
mother but sometimes would roll her eyes or balk at her mothers words.
"You wish?  But that boys father..."

   Carol grinned.  "Mr. Larren?  Aw, he's harmless too, Mom.  I don't know
what you have against them."  Carol's more then friendly relationship was
built on years of trust.  She had an ongoing secret flirtation with the
older man.  Her mother a widow of nine years had once trusted the man with
actually caring for her two hellions.  It was only recently that her mother
seemed to change the way she thought of her long time neighbors.  Carol
had noticed the change but continued her own friendship with her neighbors.

   Opal actually wasn't surprised at her daughters attitude.  In spite of
some prejudices learned early.  She took pains not to pass on such thoughts
to her son and daughter.  Opal changed her tactics and took a chance.

   "Carol, are you still a virgin?"

   The young teen didn't hesitate.  "Of course, Mom.  Just because every
other girl in town is fucking and sucking everything in sight doesn't mean
I will too.  I'm saving myself for Bubba.  If only he weren't so shy."

   Opal grinned at her own relief and her daughters plans.   The woman
was so relieved she didn't even comment on her daughters crude choice of
words.  She briefly wondered about the type of kids the two might have.
Carol was smaller then petite and was blessed with a perfect body.  Bubba,
her boy next door was well over six feet tall and also blessed with a 
perfect body.  In fact, in a wild daydream, she envisioned the two in 
marital bliss and a dozen kids all with fat sports contract.

   Opal seemed at peace, grateful that her daughter hadn't inherited
the same feelings she inherited at that age.  Opal was grateful that her
daughter wouldn't be merely a plaything for a group of men, grateful that
unlike her, she wouldn't suck off one man and then beg for his friends too!

   Thank goodness her mother made her get married at such an early age.
Only by wearing out her late husband had she been able to quench her
high charged urges.  Sure, she'd slowed down some, but only because her
husband did as well.  Not once during her married life did she ever
turn down her husbands advances.

   No, her daughter Carol Ethel Brazil wasn't going to like her.  Finally,
the cycle that had claimed her and every female ancestor had been broken.
No, Carol Brazil was going to be different.  Certainly she could stir
her away from the same trouble she had went through at that age.

   Carol Brazil, my daughter was not going to be like me. 

   Or...at least that's what she hoped.  Opal reached out and stroked her
daughters hair.  She had to tell her.  The mother daughter bond reached
out and entwined the two.  For a moment, Opal had her daughters courage
and spirit.  She spoke as if she were in a trance.

   "Carol, you are fifteen now.  You are a state gymnast champion and I'll
always be proud of you.  Olympics or not."

    The youngest Brazil tried hard to understand her mother.  There was a
calmness about her that Carol sensed.  It soothed her.  "Thanks...mom, um,
that's not all is there?"

   Opal raised an eyebrow.  "No.  You should know that someday, maybe not,
but maybe someday you'll awaken as a young woman.  Be ready.  Try hard to
remember all of the things I taught you.  Don't give in to temptation."

   Carol rolled her eyes, but found she was caught by her mother truthful
gaze.  "Mom, Sometimes I think of..."  Her voice trailed off.  The two had
grown slightly apart as of late.  Carol couldn't bring herself to tell her
mother of the thoughts she had been having.  Thoughts of the boy across the
street and terrible thoughts of another boy, meaner more hateful.

   Opal winked and regarded her daughters almost natural state.  This
seemed to break the spell for a moment.  "We all do, Carol.  Just remember
who you are and how I raised you."  Opal glanced at her watch again.
"I...I must be going.  Cook for JR, when you have a chance."

   "I'll try not to poison the butthole."  Carol shot back.

   Opal sighed.  The truce was over.  Carol was a normal teenager, arguing
with her mother, testing her limits.  "Just do it, Carol."

   "Awww Mom...."  A quieter voice.  "Sure Mom.  I'll make sure he eats
something besides junk."

   Opal threw her little girl a random compliment.  "Not all of us have a
perfect body like you, my little champion. If I had half your willpower and
strength, I'd be able to keep off those extra pounds.  Oh and one last thing
and I'll leave to get dressed.  I know you have a lot of things to do besides
stay in this room."

   The implications were obvious.  She was dropping a heavy for Carol to
get out of her room and NOT masturbate.   Carol took the hint and started
reaching for her Waddapole High School football jersey.  It was not a
coincidence the number belong to her unrequited love.

   "What is it Mom?"

   "Those High heels you bought for your school dance?  YOU ARE NOT TO WEAR
THEM UNTIL THE DANCE!"  Opal slammed the door.  She wished she hadn't lost
her temper.  But maybe, if she were stern enough.  Perhaps if she were
watchful enough.  Carol would have a different adolescence.

   "Yes," She said out loud, "Carol will be different."

   Carol jumped a bit at the slammed door.  She dropped her towel, standing
nude in her room.  Proud of her athletic body, she made a few muscles in the
full length mirror and opened her closet door.  She eyed the heels her
mother had forbidden her to wear.  She rubbed the smooth white open toed
pump, wondering if she should've insisted on a strap for the heel.  That
Brandy!  Carol felt her friend could talk her into anything.

   Her mind raced a bit.  "It's just a pair of heels, what's the big deal.
Geez, I'm only four nine after a guy who almost two feet taller then me.  
I gotta wear 'em."

   The tiny gymnast set the pump down and stepped into it.  "Geez, their
high."  She stepped out of the shoe and replaced it in it's box.  Hearing
a car engine, she peeked out of the window and saw her mother pull out
of the driveway.  Good.  Fanning out her hair, she reclined on her bed 
and gently felt her breasts.  As her friend had taught her, she traced
lightly around the nipples and spread her legs.  Licking her two fingers,
she brought her delicate touch to her smooth shaven peach.

   Her mind drifted to thoughts of the fantasy.  Carol gently traced along
her lips, skipping the small button of joy.  She pictured Mr. Larren and
and her nipples tightened.  A small breath and she pictured her brother,
JR. taking her in his arms.

   'Whoa! JR?  Eww...No way!  Where did THAT come from?'  Her eyes opened.
A deep breath and she began again.  

   A gentle circular motion and Carol trapped her small node teen between
two fingers and increased her forbidden masturbation.  In her minds eye 
Not Mr. Larren this time, but his son Bubba.  Healthy, virile and strong.
The nicest guy she knew, the biggest boy in school.  Her face grimaced as
her small slit moistened.  Yes, this was the fantasy she wanted.

   The little miss shuddered once, vibrated her swollen clitty and shuddered
again.  Her back arched and she removed her hand to allow her quivering body
a chance to be still.  "Mmmm, easy and quick." she murmured to herself. "Mmm
maybe too quick."  Her visions melted away.  It was always too quick when
she thought of Bubba Jr.

   Carol remained balled in a slight fetal position, smiled and stretched.
She thought of a quick shower to remove the light dew from her perfect form.

   "Mom's getting weirder everyday, what was that talk all about?  I'm not
like her", Carol thought. "I'm different."

   The youngster grabbed a towel and peeked out of her door.  The coast
clear, she slipped into the bathroom and started the shower.  She remembered
a babysitting job and forgot all thought of mother's conversation.  The
young teen was sure that she was right.  She wasn't like her mother.

   She was going to be different.

   

                          *Prolouge*  


   Waddapole High School was the largest high school in the permissive
land of Hammertown County.  Situated between Beavertown and McCoyville
The school had a state championship football team as well as an all
around championship squad in female gymnastics. It was a good school.

   A good school with a bad reputation.  The bad reputation came from
several incidents of students supposedly dragged into a bathroom and
repeatedly gang raped.  However, due to possible gang intimidation of
the girls family and the reluctance of the girls willing to testify made 
the gang even bolder.  The fact the some of the girls actually ended 
willing gang sluts didn't deter the gang from seeking new prey at any
opportunity.

   Molly "Goggles" Glug was a pretty fifteen year old girl who attended
Waddapole High.  Several times she had been warned NOT to go through this
particular outside walkway, but the high school was huge and the distance
very far.  The spectacled teen was almost to her class, the hallways all
but empty.   Perhaps that it is why she was so startled when the large
teenaged figure suddenly appeared before her.

   The youth was almost six feet tall, of medium build with crispy 
cornrowed hair.  His black skin seemed toughened and scarred but matched
his crooked teeth.  Alphonse Jones had grown up poor, black and hard.  
When his demeanor failed to get him laid, he found that his physical 
prowess had more then made up for a young girls denial.  His first rape
was brutal and quick and gave him a taste for more.

   Molly's eyes widened in instant fear as more teens from all persuasions
came to his side.  They seemed to ooze from the corners and the cracks as
they were cockroaches.  Jones didn't pick his gangmembers by race, creed
or color.  He picked them by one overriding factor.  Their willingness to
rape any female.  To Molly, her imagination ran wild at the thought that
she could be this pack of animals next victim.

   Her chest swelled and her breathing grew rapid.  "Sarah,  I didn't
mean to get in your way.  Excuse me."  A quick step to the side that was
blocked by Jones, another step blocked by another youth.

   Molly Glug wasn't dumb.  She realized she had made a huge mistake and
dropped her books to run the other way.  Before the books hit the ground
her delicate body was gripped rudely by the arm and shoved into the boys
bathroom.

   Fear knotted in her stomach and killed her mind.  She wanted to scream,
but a quick finger to his lips by the gangmember quelled that thought.
Molly's high pitched voice trembled as she spoke.

   "Please...don't hurt me."

   As the bathroom doors swung shut, other gangmembers were coming from
the stalls.  The stink of cigarettes and piss filled the air.  Molly
swung her head around.  'There are so many of them', she thought.  Jones
took his time in confronting the scared young girl, by the time he spoke
Molly was almost grateful.  But only for a second.

   Jones motioned his troops near as she spoke to his next victim.
"Baby.  Me and the dawgs were wonderin'.  Is there any worse three words
then 'dry forcible sodomy'?  Hmmm?"

   Molly broke down, sinking to her knees.  "My Gawd, No....Please...
No.  Please..let me go."

   Jones nodded his head.  "I'm glad to see you agree.  If'n you give up
a little skull session, It'll go easier for you.  You get outta here, no
harm done."

   The small brunette swallowed, her mouth thick with spit.  It wouldn't
be the first time she had sucked off a boy.  Just this past summer she 
had let a boy grope her breasts and delivered first clumsy blowjob.  He
had told a friend and that ended her first love.  Her voice still trembled
as she hoped against hope.  "Then...then you'll let me go?  Really?"

   Jones opened his hands and raised his arms.  "Sure...sure.  We just
want a little fun.  Here, baby start with this."  Jones closed the small
distance to the kneeling girl.  Standing less then a foot from her weak
cringing form, he exposed himself to Molly Glug.  The girl was almost
surprised by the size of the leaders penis, it wasn't as large as her
past boyfriends.  But the person wielding the organ was easily meaner
and more intimidating.

   Glug remained paralyzed with fear as Aliveness pushed her glasses
back from her nose with his dick head.  He gripped her hair and roughly
jerked her head back.  He saw the look of fear on her and enjoyed the 
eyecontact as he rubbed his hard prick over her soft teenage skin.  

   Already Molly could feel the stains of his precum as her attacker
rubbed himself off on her pretty freckled face.  She winced at the sharp
pain as Jones pulled her hair again while rubbing his head across her
thin lips.  Glug understood and barely opened her mouth, feeling his
smooth cockskin slip into her mouth.  

   Barely she moved her head back and forth, increasing her head bobbing
in time with Jones forceful tugging of her hair.  Remembering all that
she knew, she closed her eyes and imagined her boyfriend of the past
summer.  A mistake as she felt a slight dampness at her white pantied
crotch.  Molly didn't want to be wet for these boys, but the way Jones
moved her back and forth was both forceful and dominating.  

   Molly moved her head back and forth of her own accord, sucking off
the gang leader.  She felt the way his cock was expanding and knew it
would be a matter of seconds before he came in her mouth.  Before, she
could finish, another rough pull of her hair and Jones left her mouth.

   Jones bent his erection to kill his impending climax.  "Dammit, 'ho,
that wasn't too bad.  You'll get better with practice.  Now then, all
fours...You know the position."

   Molly frowned,  "Huh?  But you wanted, you said..."

   Jones voice was even and mean.  "NOW!"

   Molly obeyed him, her fear growing once again.  What had she done
wrong?  "But..."  Resigned to her fate, she assumed her position.  This
is the same position her ex boyfriend had suggested.  He said he wanted
to fuck her face and watch her ass move back and forth.  Molly had thought
his desire strange and refused the option.

   Jones eyes squinted.  "Hold her down, dawgs.  Put her face on the
fuckin' floor."  With the practice of a dozen rapes, one boy held each
arm and pressed on the back of her neck until her cheek was pressed 
against the grimy bathroom floor.

   Molly whimpered as she felt the skirt being lifted up and the cool
rush of air on her virgin peach as her panties were torn away.  Tears
joined Alphones precum on her face when she felt her ass being positioned
so that she could be screwed properly.

   "Spread your asscheeks, bitch.  See? No dry forcible sodomy.  It should
go a lot easier now that you helped lube me up a bit."

   The whimpering teenaged girl had no choice but to obey.  The sight of
her own hands holding open her ass sent a cheer from the gangmembers and
humiliated the youngster further.  Jones motioned to the youngest member
of his gang.  "Tawny, this is your first one, so you gotta do the duty."

   Tawny Sandoval was a former victim of the gang.  They had used this
particular technique to break her and turn her into a gang slut.  She
remembered with both shame and relish the way she actually knocked on
Jones's door and begged him and his friends to gangbang her...again.

   Molly didn't even recognize the girl at first.  Her hair was cut
short and against school rules, she wore the boys uniform.  Blue jeans
and a white T-shirt, which she covered the Dawgs signature leather 
jacket.  Taking the jacket off, she let the boys raise Molly just
enough for her to slide underneath.

   Immediately she began cunt lapping the girl and closed her eyes only
when she saw Jones drive forward, busting the girls ass cherry in one
solid stroke.  Glug started seeing stars as the pleasure from the cunt
licking was wiped out by the length of sturdy teenage prick buried in
her ass.

   Over and over the awful impalement continued, while ever so slightly,
tiny bits of pleasure washed over crotch.  Molly shivered once as she 
felt the cock in her ass expand a bit and then she trembled again as
heard Jones claim his victory.

   "AWW YEAH YEAH (UHN!) YEAHHHH! RIGHT UP YOUR ASS!  NEXT!"

   "gawd no..."  The only sound she could make.  A plea for mercy that
would be ignored.

   Molly felt the pressure leave her ass and the pleasure immediately
take over.  She fought against it.  The girl kept telling herself not to
cum while these bastards gang raped her ass.  Once again the pleasure in
her cunt was replaced by pain due to more teenaged meat now being planted
firmly in her ass.  

   This prick was considerably thicker then the gangleaders member and
Molly could immediately feel the difference.  Her felt like it was about
to split in two when, the boy named Hose started pumping her ass.  She
wanted to use any method possible to escape from the awful anal rape when
the smallest tingle began.  Against her will, her young body betrayed her,
shivering and twisting and aiding her rapist in this forced sodomy.

   Molly kept telling herself 'I can't help myself, it's so hard to fight,
it's too hard to fight'  "OOoooOh No...I..UHN!"  With a final grunt, Hose
unloaded his steaming load into Molly Glug, he remained buried to the
hilt, grinding and milking the final spasms of his wet, nasty climax.
When he withdrew, Molly groaned in disappointment and shame, but had no
time to dwell on anything else but the next hard teenage cock sliding
easily into her well fucked ass.

   The teen was ruthless.  He lifted her up slightly and dug his fingers
hard into her soft flanks, leaving purple and grey bruises on her delicate
skin.  Hard and fast, he kept pumping her newly used asshole.  Over and 
over, the teen would remove his prick to the head before burying himself
deep in Molly's fifteen year old anal sphincter. 

   The never ending cunt lapping, the relentless train of dickmeat 
plugging her butt broke her.  When the girl trapped underneath her 
writhing form began sucking Molly's clit, her hips responded, moving
with flick of Tawny's tongue on her joy button.  The nameless teen
riding her ass, cocked his head quickly to his rape mates.  Each word
he spoke came out in time with thrust up Molly's battered back door.

   "I...win...the...pool, she's...breakin'...right now yeah yeah 
Yeah YEAH!!"  At that moment, the teen released his torrent of hot
semen and this final staining brought about a slow bleat of shame 
and humiliation from the gang raped teenager.

    Molly "Goggles" Glug became known as Molly "GangBang" Glug from
this moment on.  The well sodomized teen began to shake and shiver 
from a simultaneous anal and clitoral orgasm that hardened her nipples
till they hurt and started a wash of orgasm that never seemed to end.  

  "Aba aba I..uh.uhnnnn..."  Strange unintelligible sounds that babbled
forth from the wiped out teenage girl.  Sounds followed by the sound of
her high pitched grunting as the yet another teen took his place.  No
longer in control of her body, a minor climax washed through her tender
crotch as they boy yelled laughed and yelled, "NEXT!"
  
  Jones shook his head from side to side.  "Damn, she broke easy.  I
expected more of a fight.  Whatta sad little bitch.  Little slut is
already fucked so silly she can't talk."  The gang leader watched his
fellow dawg finish and another teenager move in for his turn.

  Already, he had his mind forming on who would be next.  Checking his
watch, he knew his gang had at least half hour to take turns fucking her
lights out.  He snapped his fingers and Tawny shimmied from her place
and kneeled in front of her leader.  Without hesitating, Tawny took his
slimy black dong in her mouth and began cleaning him off.

   "Who's next?"  He wondered aloud.  "I can pick 'em or what?"  There
were murmurs of appreciation from his gang.  But what captured his 
attention was the muffled sound from the girl sucking him at the time.

   "Kawah Bwacil."  The girl said, the words muffled by black dick meat.

   Jones frowned and roughly pulled her head up.  He was already pissed
at Tawny.  Her parents were moving and were taking his newest gang slut
away.  Of course, he blamed Tawny.  "What was that, slut?  What the fuck
did you say?"

   Tawny caught her breath and said the name in a whisper.

   "Carol Brazil."



				**********************
				  Sam Hammer Presents
				**********************

                    Carol Brazil vs. The Rape Gang
                             

****************************************      
Chapter One -Adventures In Babysitting.
****************************************

Carol Brazil wasn't just small for her age.  She was tiny.  Even though she
was fifteen years old, she was still just four foot nine and seventy five
pounds soaking wet.  To compliment her small frame, were her perky apple 
sized tits with fat nipples that stood out even when she wasn't cold.  She 
wished she could be built more like her mother.  A widow who was small in 
height like her teen age daughter, but with big sassy tits that moved like 
two small animals when she jiggled by in her ever present three inch heels.

   Carol didn't know it yet, but she had bloomed into not just a pretty
girl, but a beautiful one. Her hair was a shiny black that complimented
her amber skin.  Her body had become firm and strong from many years of 
gymnastics.  In fact considering that she was state gymnastics champion
she could've been vain, but it was the fact that her best friend, Bubba
Larren, star of the Waddapole High School football team never took an 
more then a platonic interest in her that had kept her more then humble.  

   She was enamored with the giant athlete who had always remained her 
best friend, but never more then that.  With her pretty face and superb 
body she was always a little sad that they were just friends.   After 
all, she was the "girl next door" so to speak. Actually, her best friend
lived across the street and always walked her to school when she couldn't
get a ride.

  Carol kept giggling to herself as she walked home.  She had just finished 
the strangest week of babysitting she had ever had.  She sneered at her big
brother as she came into her house.  The seventeen year old was already 
giving her a hard time, something that most brothers do to their little 
sister.

  Her brother, JR, sneered back.  "Hey you little shit.  Mom said you gotta
make me lunch for tomorrow."

   "Make it yourself, I'm not your slave."

   JR stretched once from ever present position on the couch.  "Look peewee,
Mom said so and if you don't I'm gonna tell her about that report card you
stashed."

   Bad grades and a bossy brother, something that most teenage girls have
to deal with every day.  "Okay, okay I'll do it after I call Brandi, I got
some stuff I gotta tell her about gymnastics."

   JR went back to watching TV and Carol went to her room to change.  She
peeked out of her window and saw Bubba coming home.  She waved, picked up 
the phone and started talking to her best friend Brandi Johnson.

   "Brandi, the strangest things have been happening to me all week."

   "What? You finally got into Bubba's Larren's pants?  It ain't gonna 
happen. That big black friend of yours is totally a gaybot."

   Carol immediately defended her friend.  "He is not!  He's just shy!"

   Brandi shot back, "I'd be gay if I were a guy with a microcock too!  
I hear he won't even shower with the rest of guys, so they won't see him 
and laugh."

   Carol could feel her spunk rising.  "Won't matter to me.  He's six 
foot six 250 pounds of muscle and he's gonna be all mine.  Besides, as 
small as I am, I don't want a big one."

   "If you can convert him.  C'mon admit it. He hangs around you all 
the time and he hasn't tried anything once.  That boy is queer!"

   Carol started really getting pissed.  "Do you want to hear what 
happened or not?"
     
   "Tell me"

   "Well, it started two weeks ago and I've been letting it happen 
whenever I go over to baby-sit the Davidson boy...

***

   [TWO WEEKS EARLIER-Babysitting Tommy]

   "Tommy, if you acted your age, you wouldn't need me to baby-sit you."

   "Yeah, yeah, Mom said you should cook for me and that's what I want."

   Carol thought he reminded her of brother.  He was average height and 
only six months younger then she was, but was totally helpless around the
house.  Carol picked up the phone.  "Look in the kitchen, you'll find 
somethin' to eat."

   "My mom is paying you good money to cook for me, not yak on the phone."

   "Geez, what a brat!" SHe put the phone down.  "It'll be a few minutes."
Carol had been wearing just a pair of shorts, a tee shirt and sandals.  
She opened her backpack and produced a pair of white mules (strapless high
heeled sandals) with three inch heels.  She slipped into them and stood 
teetering slightly until her teenage muscles gave her balance.

   Tommy had been watching the whole thing and piped in. "What'cha wearing 
those for?"

   "The homecoming dance is next week.  I gotta get used to wearing these 
slip on heels.  Wish I were taller, then I wouldn't need the heels to be so 
high."

   "They...they look great on you."

   Carol look surprised.  Even though she was babysitting the teen, she did
consider him a school peer and still lacking a bit of self confidence, she   
appreciated the compliment.  "Why thank you Tommy."  She spun around and 
gave him a better look.  "How do they make my legs look?"

   Tommy almost leered and had to fight from drooling.  Carol with her 
perfect little body, long slender legs that slinked down perfectly into the 
high heels was a teenage boys dream.  "Sexy. Damn sexy."

   Carol sneered a bit.  "Don't cuss around me.  I don't like it.  I'm 
gonna get your dinner ready."  Actually, she learned every slang word and
vulgarity before she turned eleven from her partner in crime, Brandi, but
she didn't want the familiarity with a teenaged boy who should be watching
himself. 

   Turning to freezer, her ankle gave a moment then straightened.  She had
to walk slow to get used to wearing the heels shaking and twisting a bit to
keep her balance.  She walked through the swinging doors in front of kitchen
and started preparing the boys meal.

   As she closed the freezer door, she saw Tommy looking over the swinging
doors, he appeared to be shaking and he still had that leer on his face. 
Carol stamped a foot, making her small teenage tits jiggle.  "Tommy, what 
are you doing back there?"

   "Uhh. Nothin' Just watching you cook."  The lad swallowed, his eyes
had been wide at getting an unexpected leg show from the darling.  A
lewd desire and a bold chance made him reckless as exposed and aroused
he began a not so secret session of self abuse.  Instead of scampering
away at the hint of discover, Tommy was frozen by the image of her fat
nipples hardened due to the freezer.

   Carol thought for a second, headed for the swinging doors.  Holding the
door, her eyes opened wide in shock as she saw Tommy with his fifteen year 
old dick in his hand.  He was rockhard and stiff as a board.  Carol had 
never seen a stiff penis before, but from talking with her friend, she knew 
now exactly what the teen was doing.  She stared at it for a while and in 
spite of his fear, her watching kept Tommy hard.

   The tiny tiger felt her mouth go dry and her breath quicken.  The sight
of her first erection in the flesh made her nipples harden and a small itch
in her crotch became more and more evident.  She saw his hand had stopped
moving and his teen member standing proudly as if in salute.  The head was
a strange purple color but the shaft was a pinkish hue.
   
   Curiosity took over.  

   Carol moved a step closer to him, his small dick brushing against her.  
She wasn't sure if she should be repulsed or not.  The young girl had a
little experience due to her talks with her best friend, Brandi.  But
nothing first hand.  To her it seemed a little big, but in reality was 
just under five inches.  'If his penis was typical', she thought, 'it would
feel big, but nothing to be scared of.'  

   The young miss looked at the boys member, then scowled.  One look from
her took control of the situation.

   "Tommy! Look at me! No you idiot, look at my face, not legs. I said my 
face not my breasts."

   Finally tommy met her stare.  "I'm sorry, its just that you're so..so.."

   Carol wanted to roll her eyes, but that she couldn't tear them away from
her first hardened prick.  "Quit drooling you idiot."  Carol swallowed as
she couldn't believe that she was actually going to ask questions about
his penis.  "Is this a big penis?"

   Tommy a litle surprised, couldn't help but move his hands to his penis
and started stroking it slowly.  He thought her voice was like pure honey.
"I..I think so.  Does it look big to you?"

   Carol wondered what it felt to stroke it like that. She kept staring,
it looked pretty damn big to her.  She didn't answer him, but instead kept
up her questioning.
   
   "Stop doing that."  The little gymnast watched him drop his hands to his 
side.  "So tell me, is this as big as it gets?"

   Tommy wanted to lower his head, but he was entranced by her teenage 
beauty.  All at once he had realized that his dreamgirl was asking him
about his penis.   "No, it get a little a bigger, just before I shoot off."

   "Shoot off?"  Carol had never seen a boy ejaculate before.  Brandi had
told her how she could make her many boyfriends ejaculate by just talking 
to them, puckering her lips or just tell them to cum NOW.  An idea hit her.  
She wanted to get in Bubbba's pants in the worst way but somehow, she could 
never get the big teen to do just what Tommy was doing now.  If she could 
see what it would take for a boy to shoot off, then maybe she could use 
the same thing on her reluctant boyfriend.  "How long does it take?"

   "Not long."

   Carol could see how the young teen was dying to finish what he started.
"Okay rub it again." When she saw how fast his hand went back to stroking 
his teenhood, she couldn't help but let a little bitch come out. "Hmph!  
Eager aren't you?"

   Carols curiosity was overwhelming.  Too many times her friend Brandi had 
tortured her with stories of her daring sexual exploits.  Carol would call
her a slut in one breath and then beg for more details in the next.  Perhaps
this once she would have a story to tell.  "Okay here's the deal.  You can
have dinner or finish what you started.  What'll be?"

   It took Tommy all of two seconds to decide between dinner or jerking off
to the babysitter.  "Will you sit in the kitchen table and cross your legs?"

   "Okay."  Carol walked a little quicker, getting more and more used to the
heels.  Her legs were naturally hairless and smooth.  Her powerful calves
tapered down to thin ankles and she started naturally swinging her legs a 
bit as he she watched Tommy sit in a chair so he could have a perfect look.

   The boy started slowly, stroking his small penis in time to her leg 
swings. Carol noticed the whole time, he never looked at her face, just 
legs and feet in the open toed high heeled stilletos.  "Are you close 
Tommy?"

    The boy started whacking off in earnest when he heard her voice.
    "Ah AH AH, YEAH, yeah! Keep talking, keep swinging your legs."

    Carol grew impatient, she dangled one of the pumps and started slapping
the heel against her own. PAP! PAP! PAP! "You gonna shoot your stuff Tommy?"

    His hand was flying, he started to drool and spit on his hand to ease 
him along.  "YEAH, SHIT YEAH!"

    PAP! PAP! PAP! "NASTY LITTLE TURD! C'MON TOMMY, SHOOT, SHOOT YOUR STUFF!"

    The super sexiness of the petite little miss took control of his organ .
    "ARRGH! AH! AH! AH!! I'M CUMMIN!  AH! AH! AH!! I'M CUMMIN! SHIT YEAH!"

    Tommy exploded all over legs and feet, sending a string of cum along her
perfect tanned legs.  The rest dribbled in small spurts along his hand to 
the chair and floor.

    Carol could feel her nipples ache and crotch to spit juices.  She 
wanted to touch his penis to see how it felt, but she didn't know how.  
Suddenly she wished she wasn't "the virgin Carol" as her friend would 
tease.  She thought of how her friend Brandi gave blowjobs to some of 
the jocks on the team and she wondered how her friend could ever put 
something like that in her mouth.

    She understood a little.  Tommy who had once been bratty to her, now 
seemed to worship her feet.  She sneered at him, "Disgusting little turd."

   Tommy seemed to puff up his chest, still holding his leaky dick in his 
hand.  "I'm bigger then you."

   "Everybody is bigger then me. So what?  You'd kiss my feet if I told 
you to."

   "Can I?"

   Carol remembered how her friend Brandi would brag about she could make 
guys do anything to get her into her pants.  She decided to test the waters 
for herself.  She smiled her sweet little smile that used to get her way.  
"Hmm, you got your icky white stuff all over my legs and feet.  Clean 'em 
up and you can kiss my feet."

   Tommy literally ran from the room and returned with a towel.  His pants 
were still open as she stood still watching the boy clean her feet like she
was a goddess.  She noticed that his little dick quickly got hard again as 
he lingered, daring to touch her legs with his shaking hands.   When he 
finished the little gymnast slipped out of her shoes, put her tiny feet 
together and wriggled her toes.  "Good job, Tommy.  Now then you can 
kiss my feet"

  The sexy little teen was amazed as her charge still on knees from cleaning
her legs groveled before her feet and kissed her feet.  One second later, 
she heard him yelp and another stream of cum leapt from his cock onto 
her feet.  For a second the two were fascinated by sudden contrast of
milky white fluid against her tanned peds.  Carol reacted first, more
out of confusion then anger.

   Carol kicked at him, barely missing his head.  "You jerk!  I didn't say
you could do that! Gimme that towel."  She made a face while the boy stared 
at her in terror and awe.  "Ick! what a mess."  

   "I'm...I'm sorry!"

   "You should be. You little shit. Now remember our deal, go watch TV, 
I have phone calls to make.  And you tell anyone about this, I'll have 
Bubba Larren pound your tiny turdlike self into oatmeal."

   "YOU KNOW 'MANCHILD'?"

   Carol laughed to herself.  The newspapers called him all sort of names, 
The next great two sport athelete.  Greatest talent in the country and still
barely a freshman. "Yep.  And if he finds out what that you've been jerking
off your pecker to his girl..."

   The lad mouth opened further.  "Your Manchild's girl? SHIT!"

   Carol hemmed a second.  "Yeah, more or less."

   "You are Manchilds girlfriend.  I never knew.  It figures."  Tommy
looked a little disappointed.  "I won't tell.  But can I do it again?
Please?"
   
   "One second.  Put that thing back in your pants.  It looks like it'll
fit now."  Indeed his dick had shrunk to a limp noodle.  As always the 
schoolmate obeyed her.  She waited till he zipped up and then continued
her questioning.  Carol dropped to her knees in front of Tommy.  It was
her friend Brandi that had told her if she dropped to her knees in front
of any male, that same male would immediately get what her friend had called
a 'hardon'.

   Tommy looked down at his dream girl on her knees.  He had jacked off
to this particular fantasy many times.  He felt himself stiffening again.
"Umm, Carol, what are you doing?"

   "An experiment. I'm giving you a..a hardon.  Is that okay?"
   
   "Mission accomplished.  "Are you going to give me a blowjob while you're
down there?"

   Carol actually considered it.  But she couldn't believe that she was
acting so slutty.  "Shut up.  Don't get any idea's."  She saw that could
make out the outline of his cock though his pants.  She studied it for a
second then gripped his bulge and started squeezing, testing the teenager
for size and hardness.  She looked up at him.  "So this is all you?  hmmm?"

   Tommy wasn't sure why was doing what she was doing.  But her honey like
voice and gentle squeezing was all it took.   He shuddered for a second and 
then watched the little beauty jerk her hand back.  "Geezus!  It's all wet 
now!"  She narrowed her eyes.  "You shot your stuff again...didn't you?"

   Tommy felt like he was going to cry.  He spoiled it.  He had his teenage
fantasy girl right in front of him and let her get away.  "I..I'm sorry!
But you are just so beautiful."

   Carol stood, she hadn't finished all of her testing, but she had enough
knowledge for now.  "That is the third time, you've..."  Carol searched for
a word.

   "Cum?  All us guys cum tons dreaming about you, Carol.  Sometimes the
club gets together for a jackoff party.  You and Brandi are always our
favorite subject."

   The newness of what was happening.  The frank discussion over what 
teenage boys thought about or looked at made her head swim a little.  It
hit her then that what the boys called jacking off was a synonym for
masturbation.   Even though she wanted to hear more, she didn't want to
learn all from little Tommy Davidson.  She felt her anger rise due to her
confusion.

   "Jacking off?  To Me?  and my best friend?  You and your little club are
sick.  From now on, I don't want to hear about that.  UNDERSTAND!"

   Tommy didn't know what happened.  One minute the peewee beauty was
feeling him up and letting him take more liberties then he ever dreamed. 
The next moment, she appeared to be mad as well.  Girls! He just didn't 
understand them.   "But you said I could..."

   "You could WHAT?"

   "Jackoff to your legs.  I'm sorry about everything else.  I.."

   Carol quick to anger, quick to forgive, felt a little sorry for him.  
After all, he was her first fan.  "Oh! Okay, just don't disturb me anymore.  
And if your stuff hits any part of me, the whole thing is off and you 
go to bed. Deal?"

   Tommy perked up. "Deal! I'll even put the stuff back into the freezer."

   Carol couldn't believe the newfound power.  Maybe she wasn't badlooking
after all.  If only her best friend, Bubba would think so too.  "No, go 
into the living room and wait, I'll zap something for you to eat."

   "Really? Geez your so cool."

   The teenage beauty managed a smile.  "Why yes, I am VERY cool.  But I 
still think your a little turd, but a nice little turd. Now go!"

   "Okay, okay..but first..." He shuffled to a desk drawer and pulled out a
photo, handing to the healthy little gymnast.  "Would you sign this?"

  Carol looked at it.  It was a photo of her just after she stuck her 
landing from her championship winning vault.  "Where did you get this?"  
She reached for a pen and looked at the young boy.  His eyes wide in 
adulation.  

   "I'm ...I'm the president of your fan club.  There's a bunch of us 
in the lower grades who think you're bitchin' cool!"

   The fifteen year cocked her head a bit.  She couldn't believe she 
actually had a fan club!  And letting this kid beat off to her was 
probably a dream come true.   She sneered at him once, watched him cower 
at bit at the very thought of being rebuffed by his queen.  She then she 
hit with a big smile and she thought the boy would die of happiness.  She 
scribbled on the back of the photo..."To Tommy Davidson, A stud in the 
making...Carol Brazil".

   She handed the photo back to the boy who kissed it.  "WOW!  When the 
guys see this..."

   "Guys?" Carol raised one eyebrow.
 
   Tommy kept stealing peeks at her high heeled legs.  "Sure!  A bunch 
of guys sorta started a fan club after you won the state finals."  He
lowered his head.  "I'm the president."

   The teenage champion fought to keep her ego in check.  Carol actually 
blushed at the thought of a bunch youngs boys idolizing her.  She was 
barely older then they were, but it didn't seem to matter.  "Well now all 
the guys will think you're Zeus!  Now go watch TV. I'll get you some 
dinner before I get on the phone.

   Tommy disappeared.  True to his word, while Carol spent the evening 
talking to friends, Tommy kept whacking off to her legs.  Even when she 
put away her heels and just arched her toes from time to time, Tommy 
kept jerking off.

   [PRESENT]

   ..."So Tommy Davidson went to bed exhausted from jerking off all night.  
If his penis is typical, I'm not worried about Bubba at all."

   Brandi snickered, "Yeah, five or six inches, The black guys are a little 
bigger, but I don't get the chance with Latifah Jones around.  Yeah, seven 
is the biggest one I've had.  I still haven't seen one any bigger then that 
and believe me, I've been looking."

   Carol laughed as well, "Slut."

   Brandi broke into hysterics, "That's cocksucking slut to you, Oh Virgin
Carol.  Maybe I should call you the Dweebs jackoff queen!  Uh oh, looks like
I gotta go."

   The insults were built on a lifetime of friendship, the two kept no 
secrets for very long and neither had ever broken their sacred trust. Carol
looked at the clock. "Yeah me too, JR will have a cow, if I don't feed him
on time. C'ya at school!"

******************************* 
   CHAPTER TWO- Teacher's Pet
*******************************
   Carol's oxfords clicked along walkway as she ran down the hallways.  
She didn't like to take this route as it went along the outer hallways 
where the school thugs hung out and worse, her enemy Latifah Jones and 
her all girl gang would often push her around if the caught her.  Still
it was better then being late to Rodson's class where he graded on attitude
and promptness as well as schoolwork.  If only his class wasn't on the far
side of campus or if Bubba was with here now, she thought, there wouldn't 
be any problems.  Even though she knew her gentle giant of a friend hated 
to fight, his sheer size alone would be her saving grace.
   
   What is happening to me?  Tommy Davidson?', She thought.  "Better him
then Alphonse Jones'.  The tiny tiger shivered at the happenings of a week
ago.  How could let that Jones do that to her?  At least, she figured, Tommy
was just an innocent experiment, to Carol what she had done with the school
alleged rape artist was bad.  What she almost did was much much worse.
   
   Her thoughts stopped when she saw a foot spring out from a pillar and 
she went tumbling forward.  As she turned around, she was pushed again 
and saw it was Latifah Jones standing over her small frame.  She got up
and was pushed down again.

   "I thought I tol' y'all, don't come this way, Shorty."

   Carol tried to plead her case.  "But I have to come this way to get to 
class."  Great!  First her brother and now his sister.

   Latifah crowded her.  "No way, gym bitch, only sisters can come this 
way."  Jones, both jealous and hateful despised the young gymnastics
champion.  In her mind, Carol's deep tanned skin didn't make her a
young lady of color.  To her it was just another implied insult that
had grown into a minor obsession.

   One of her gang chipped in.  "Thass right, you got to be black by birth 
or injection!"  She high fived Latifah as Carol gave her a curious look.

   "By injection? I..I don't understand."

   "You wouldn't.  Look it's bad enough you come 'round here, sportin' that
letter sweater, but you keepin' Bubba from us sisters is even worse. Yo'
tanned ass ain't black, so you gots to give him back."

   "Bubba is just my friend.  Please let me get to class."  As if on cue, 
the school bell rang signaling that Carol was late.  The tiny teenager was 
pushed once more.

  "Just remember, what I said bitch.  If you come this way again, you gonna 
get yo' little gymnast ass kicked."

  Carol saw a small opening in the circle of thuggish girls.  "Latifah, I 
can only say one thing."

   "Yeah? What's that?"

   "FUCK YOU!" With that Carol tore through the opening, her legs pumping 
even faster then her heart.  The tubby Latifah Jones never stood a chance 
to catch her.  'I may be a little runt' she thought as her powerful legs 
carried her to class, 'but I'm a fast little runt!'

   Still panting she reached the safety of her classroom door.  As soon as 
she entered, the teacher, Rodson slapped a ruler on his desk.  

   "Miss Brazil, you are one minute late!"

   Carol sputtered.  "But sir.."   
   
   "Quiet!  I will not put up with your poor attitude any longer.  You will
have detention today immediately following class...UNDERSTAND?"

   Carol slinked into her chair, defeated.  "Yes sir."

   Following class, Carol remained in her seat with her hands folded.  
Rodson stared at her saying nothing, then he clasped his hands.  "Miss 
Brazil, You should know that with todays tardiness, you are now failing 
my class.  It looks like you will have to repeat this class."

   Carol couldn't hold back.  "B..but sir, if I fail this class, my mother 
will ground me and I won't be able to stay on the gymnastics team."

   "A pity.  But there is no way I can deny these grades."

   "But sir, I'll do anything to pass your class, more homework, extra 
credit, anything!"

   Rodson raised an eyebrow.  "Well, there is one thing you can do."

   Carol felt tears of happiness well up in her eyes.  "Oh thank you! Thank
you, sir!  I'll work hard and..."

   "Silence!  Let me finish.  You can pass this class, if you get down on 
your school girl knees..."

   Carol froze.

   "Crawl between my legs..."

   The teenager cringed.

   "Undo my pants and suck my cock!  You will take every last drop of 
jism! UNDERSTAND?"

   The little darling couldn't believe it!  She drew upon her inner 
strength puffed out her chest, her eyes still wide in shock.  She called
upon her mothers words and recited them.  "No sir! I can NOT!"

   Rodson drummed his fingers upon the hardened cock bulge.  "Oh yes!  I 
think you can.  Now then, in three seconds, you had best be on your knees
on the way to my crotch with your mouth open or you can kiss any chance of
Olympic glory goodbye!"  Rodson knew he was risking it all, but he had
fantasized too many times about having Little Carol Brazil, State Gymnast
Champion with her head in his lap bobbing up and down.

   Carol couldn't believe her ears.  She thought of turning him in, but 
it would be her word against his and the failing grade would still remain.
She knew had no choice.  Not wanting to be caught, she went to the door 
first and locked it.  She turned and dropped to her knees hating the leer
on the fat balding teacher.  She scooted slowly on the floor, feeling the
dirt and grime of seven classrooms of students on her knees.  By the time,
she got to him, he swung his chair around and his pants made an obscene 
bulge that waited for her tender care.

   Carol in spite of the degrading crawl, felt a spark between her legs. 
She didn't know it yet, but something in her nature made her want to be 
dominated and Rodson was doing a good job of it now.  Her hands were 
shaking as she kept brushing against the older mans tented cock while she 
struggled to undo his belt.  She felt his pudgy hand caress her her 
babysoft face as she reached in to get his cock, when she did her mouth 
opened an in audible gasp!

   Before the only penis she had seen was that of the boy she had babysat, 
now the prick of a full grown man stood up before her.  "AWWW MaN!  IT'S 
SO BIG!"

   Rodson's prick was built like him.  Although only five inches in 
length, it was at least as big around.  The five by five prick made 
her small cunt spit juices.  "Now my dear get to work, I want to see
you suck my dick NOW!"  The teen honey trembled more at his words.  It
seemed different from the way she had controlled the action with her
brother and Tommy Davidson.  Now she was being dominated and the same
hormonal effect that plagued her mother now swept over with the swift 
results of action.

   Carol instead sucking it immediately, felt the heft and thickness.  
She couldn't close her hand around it.  She felt the gentle nudge of 
the teacher and her head went forward.  The teen swallowed once and
giving to the slight but firm pressure, the state gymnastics champion
opened her mouth, closed her eyes and lowered her head.  The little
teen felt a slight pull of her ponytail and raised her head a bit and
then quickly lowered her again, this time taking in more cock.  At once,
she started to choke and gag.

   She raised her head, her lips already fat from her very first 
cocksucking effort.  "I...I can't your suck your dick, sir.  It's...
....It's too big! I'm choking cuz your dick is too big Mr. Rodson."

   Rodson felt pride at the girls words.  "Surely, you sucked your 
boyfriends cock before.  A pretty little thing like you."   

   Carol hand remained curled about the shaft slowly masturbating him as 
she spoke.  "No sir, your dick is the first one, I've ever sucked.  It's 
only the third one I've ever seen and none of 'em were nowhere as fat as 
yours, sir."

   Rodson shifted back into teacher mode.  "Miss Brazil, just take a 
little at a time, then when you get used to it take a little more.  Wait 
one second."  He reached into his desk drawer and pulled out a lipstick 
he had confiscated from a student.  He handed it to Carol.  "Here put this 
on, then start by kissing it first."

   Carol opened the red lipstick and applied liberally, the way she had 
seen her mother do many times.  She pouted her lips at the balding old 
man.  "Is this okay, sir?"

   Rodson fought back the urge to cum right on the spot.  "Yes, Carol, 
very nice.  Now then..."  His pudgy hand went to the back of her head 
and grabbed her ponytail, giving her a slight nudge.

   Carol lowered her head and started planting kisses on the rigid cock.  
She noted that with each kiss, the penis would lurch a bit and Rodson would 
squirm in his seat.  She slowly eased it back into her mouth, a bit at a 
time and kept her eyes open to watch her teacher.  Rodson seemed to be
torn from closing his eyes to prolong the dangerous blowjob or remained
transfixed by a wide eyed teenager laving his engorged phallus.

   Carol found that her small mouth could accommedate his thick rod and
as she kept sucking, she found that she would choke only now and then.
Her hand was slick with spit and precum when she raised her head.  

   "Mr. Rodson?"

   "Yes, Miss Brazil?"

   "I think I like it better when you sorta force me. Will you do that 
so I can learn to suck your big dick properly?"

   Rodson smiled, his yellow teeth showing.  "Why of course, Carol."  The 
teacher was in heaven now.  What had started out as a risky proposition now
was a dream come true.  Here was a high school beauty on her knees begging
him to force her to suck dick.  She was so little it looked as if it were a
tiny youngster downing his fat meat instead of the young ninth grader with 
the perfect body, face and cocksucking mouth.

   Carol threw herself into the act, taking every inch on the down stroke
and tounging him as she came up.  The whole time, she never blinked, never 
closed her eyes as she now eagerly sucked him off.

   "ULMPH, <SUCK> ULMPH!"

   "THAT'S IT, LITTLE CAROL, KEEP ON SUCKING!"

   "ULMPH, <SUCK> ULMPH! ULMP! <CHOKE!> ULMPH, <SUCK> ULMP!!"

   "DAMN YOU'RE A NATURAL!  I KNEW IT! KEEP SUCKING YOU LITTLE FUCKIN'
GYMNASTIC BABY!"

   "ULMPH, <SUCK> UMph, <SUCK> ULMP <CHOKE!>!

   "TIME TO TAKE IT,C'MON NOW!"

   Carol raised an eyebrow. "ULMPH?"

   "AARRRRGGHH!  TAKE IT! TAKE IT ALL!"

    Carol did as she was told as she felt the fat dick in her mouth get 
even fatter and then explode!  The man's gnarled hands held her head still
as he sent wave after wave of jism into her mouth, forcing her head take 
every last spurt.  Her mouth filled to overflowing and sperm leaked out 
of both sides of her small mouth, staining her blouse.  Carol found that
she loved the taste of the old mans cum and kept milking him so that he
had to force her head up by her ponytail.  He let go for an instant and
Carol immediately went back down for more.  

   The youngest Brazil found that the salty taste of her teachers semen
was intoxicating.  A compelling urge drove the youngster to suck harder,
lick more, to do something, ANYTHING...to work another drop of the old
man load or just taste the tangy musk of his cockmeat.

   Rodson had never seen anything like it.  The girl couldn't seem to get 
enough of the old mans sperm.  He watched the little dynamo kiss, lick and 
suck his cock like it the giver of life's nectar.   Once again, he had to 
pull the young girl from his deflated prick by her ponytail.  Her lidded
eyes told her that right now if so wished, he could pick up the petite miss,
lean her over her desk and take her cherry.  There was no time and age
was working against him.  Already his glans were too sensitive to take
any more direct stimulation.  He fought with Carol to raise her head,
trying settle the issue by yanking on her hair.

   Carol could feel sparks in her crotch everytime he yanked on her 
ponytail.  She looked up her old balding teacher with his cum on her
chin and a small blurt of jism on her nose.  Her hand was a spermy mess,
as she tried to milk the man further.  "Did I do okay, sir?"  Still a
bit dazed and confused over her own behavior and her true feelings of
wanting even more, Carol tried to manage a smile.

   Rodson's tie was undone, his shirt unbuttoned and his small shock of 
grey hair was a mess. "Damn right.  Best cocksucking I've ever had."

   The tiny girl finally released his cock, she	noticed how her the teacher
was still huffing and puffing from her efforts.  "Do I get an "A"?"

   "Damn right! An "A" for the whole semester!"

   The little gymnast eased herself up into the teachers lap letting his 
spent cock rub against her silky young legs.  He barely felt her weight 
and couldn't believe it when she started straightening his tie.  

   Carol was still in a happy sexual hyperdrive.  She didn't care that she
had just broken almost rule her mother had laid out for her.  It felt good
to handle malemeat and she suddenly had no plans on stopping.  Now she
managed a full cumstained smile.
   
  "Thank you, sir, for letting me suck your dick.  Can I do it 
again tomorrow?  I mean, I will if you want me to."

    Rodson watched the girl stand and opened her backpack.  She used a 
towel to clean up.  "Of course Miss Brazil.  If I can still walk."

    Suprisingly clean and without a trace of her indescretion visible,
Carol glided to the door turned and smiled.  

   "Hey, Mr. Rodson, how do you like my attitude now?"



***********************************
    CHAPTER THREE  Sibling Rivalry
***********************************

    Carol left the class and Bubba Larren was waiting for her.  The two
made a ridiculous pair.  Bubba was almost two feet taller then his little
pal.  Yet it was she who often gave the orders for the pair.  Carol found
that while he seemed to have no romantic interest in her, he would take her
to the movies at the snap of her fingers.  He was always at every one of 
her gymnastics meets the same way she never missed any of his football 
games.  As usual he grabbed her backpack to carry her books.

    "Hey Shorty, what took you so long?"

    Carol could feel her cheeks blush a bit.  She couldn't tell him that 
she had been on her knees begging her teacher to force her to suck him
off.  It was true.  It was beginning just like her mother said it would
happen.  So the little babe flashed her winning smile to disarm the big
teenaged buck.
    
    "Oh, I had detention today so he kept me after class so get some extra 
credit."  She quickly changed the subject.  "Big guy, you didn't have to 
wait for me, but its still awfully sweet of you."  'Big Guy' was her 
nickname for her large friend.  

    The big black teenager towered over her.  "I heard what happened today 
in the outer halls, just thought you'd might like an escort."

    The teen beauty beamed.  "My protector.  Don't worry about me.  I can
handle myself! Look at these muscles!"  Carol strained to make a bicep and 
got a laugh from her giant of a friend.

   "Like I said, I thought you might need an escort."  Carol playfully 
slugged the big football star and leaned against him as they walked home.
Thoughts entered the junior misses pretty head.  Adolescent confusing 
thoughts.  Thoughts of watching Tommy Davidson wack off.  The way she 
liked being dominated by her teacher.  Silently Carol looked up at Bubba,
trying to force her thoughts into the big teens brain. 'If only he'd take
me.  I could let out these feelings.  Mom was right.  The dam is bursting.
Mmmm,  I wish Bubba would burst right through me.  dammit...What am I 
thinking?'

    Carol forced her mind to listen to her boyfriend in waiting, picking
up his conversation.  "Burst right through the line and score!  Um, Shorty
is this getting through?"

   The darling nodded, as the two had done for years, they never quit
walking home.  "Sure, Bubba, you want to burst through my line and score.
You get through."

   Bubba laughed, "Not exactly.  You know, do you really like football?"

   Carol thought of the way the football players head butting each other,
congratulated their opponent on a "good hit".  She thought it was a barbaric
exercise designed purely to increase the testerone level of the dull male 
population.  Carol blinked.  "All you guys, Soooo many of you, so big and 
strong...shit Bubba, I love football!"

   Bubba blinked himself.  Carol was all girl and dominated him the pair
easily.  Over the years, she never ceased to amaze him and her sudden
dizziness and fast language she reserved for her friend, Brandi, surprised
the big fellow.  

   "Shorty you crack me up.  Something knock you in the head?"

   "Bubba, you want to knock me up?  Is that what you said?"

   Bubba stopped and started laughing.  "Stop it!  You're killin' me!"

   Carol forced a smile.  "Bubba, are seeing some girl?"

   Frowning, the youngest Larren shook his head.  "I'm sure.  You know
I'm not seeing any girls."

   "Thanks a lot.  What am I? Some boy?"

   Bubba eyes widened.  He knew something was wrong.  "No, it's not like
that.  You know...you're not like a girl.  You dig sports and stuff  You're
a jock just like me."

   That remark burned her self esteem.  At the time, in her gym bag was
a box of heels that she was thinking of returning to the store.  The heels
were bought in anticipation of Bubba asking her to the freshman mixer.
Despite dropping hints, to her disappointment her big guy never followed
up.

   Disarming the lug, she bit her bottom lip.  "Little Larren, I'm wearing
a dress...okay?"

   He shrugged.  "School uniform.  So what?  Shorty?  What's wrong?"

   Six feet six inches at fifteen years old and Bubba took a step back 
from the tiny star across the street.  Carol wagged her small finger at
him.  Stopped.  Tapped her foot.  "There's a dance coming...soon."

   Now he rolled his eyes.  "Aww, C'mon, Shorty.  A dance?"

   Now Carol rolled her eyes.  "What?  Bubba are you the only black guy
in school that can't dance?"

   Bubba rolled his eyes at the obvious racial shot.  She could do it, 
the girl across the street could say anything to him.  Smiling, "Well,
I have been clumsy lately.  Maybe you could work with me on your floor
exercise, I heard you're pretty good."

   Carol sighed inwardly, letting him change the subject.  She hadn't
meant to turn on him, but her emotions were running a little ragged.
She remembered that Bubba was the original good guy.  The giant who
wouldn't hurt a fly.  "Well, if you're real good, I'll win you a guitar
at my next meet."

   Bubba shook his head.  "No, You better keep it.  I ain't got no rhythm,
'remember?"  A nervous laughter that turned genuine.  A genuine friendship
that carried the two as they walked.  

						***

   About halfway home, a large old cadillac pulled up and slowed.  The pair 
immediately recognized it has his fathers old auto.  "Hello Son, helloo 
Carol, you two want a ride?"

   Carol squinted her eyes at the older man.  "Hello Mr. Larren."

   Bubba Jr. peeked at the back seat and saw it filled with things from his 
dads junk business in the backseat.  "AWW Dad, you got too much stuff back
here."

   "Plenty of room back there for the likes of you, Carol can sit up here 
with me."  Bubba Sr. teased his son plenty, but the love for his boy was 
obvious.  For Carol however, it was another matter.  For months she had 
wondered what that look on his face was, and now she could recognize it 
easily.  It was the leer of sexual desire.

    Carol had seen one boy jack off to her legs, and had sucked off her old
teachers cock within 24 hours.  She could feel her blood starting to boil.
Before she remembered how her best friends father was always trying cop a 
feel from her precious little body and she would always pretend not to 
notice. Her mind began work a bit.  She rummaged in her backpack and pulled 
out the white stilleto heels.  Twisting, she turned to face Bubba Jr. and 
the seat belt caught hold of her school skirt letting the back raise up 
above her waist exposing her small firm ass covered with the thin white 
cotton panties.

   She pretend to show his son her shoes, but kept one eye on his father.
"Look Bubba, I bought these for the homecoming dance.  That way when we get
our picture taken, it won't look so funny.  What do you think of 'em?"

   Bubba Jr. seemed confused and seemed to go into a shell.  "Uh I really, 
uh, don't know, if I'm going to the dance."

   Carol saw the fathers hand begin to snake over.  Instead of skirting 
away, she leaned back filling his hand with her small muscular butt.  She 
pretended not to notice that he was squeezing her ass continually while she 
rebuffed his son in the back seat.

   "You're going to the dance.  You're taking me and you're gonna buy me
a pink corsage!"  Her eyes opened wide when she felt his fathers hand yank 
the thin white panties down and slip his large hand feeling up her bare 
asscheeks!

   "Aw Shorty, I can't dance worth a darn."

   She couldn't believe the boldness of his father.  Feeling up her ass with
his son right there in the back seat!  Suddenly, the car hit a hole in the   
road, she went up and down a bit and found his hand was now massaging her
bare cunt.  She couldn't help but let out a groan.

   "UHNNNNNNNN!"

   Bubba Jr. scrunched his eyebrows.  "Shorty! What's wrong!"

   "I feel strange.  I...I think I'm gonna cry!"  Carol was knew that the 
older man had found paydirt and was giving her a vigorous pussy massage.

   The son rolled his eyes in surrender. "Don't do that!  I'll take you to 
the mall so we can buy your dress tomorrow. Okay?"

   Carol smiled as she felt waves of pleasure wash over her.  "Thanks 
Big guy, I knew you wouldn't let me down."

  She reached back and gently pulled the hand away from her ass before she 
sat down.  She turned to his father.  "Can Bubba borrow the car so he can 
take me to the dance sir?"

   The father looked her square in the eye.  "This piece of junk?"

   Carol eyes wandered down to his crotch, her eyes widened as she saw 
the giant length of hose along his leg.  "Sir, as long as Bubba takes me,
I'd go on a bicycle."

   The old black man couldn't help but openly leer at the young girl.  
"You think you have me wrapped around your little finger like you do my
 boy eh?

   "Yes sir."  Carol wasn't looking at his face but at the lengthening meat
edging down his thigh. She slowly tore her gaze away certain that he had 
seen her reaction at his trouser snake.  "I...mean no sir...Well...I guess 
I do.  Can Bubba borrow your Cadillac?  It would be like going to the dance 
in a big limosine.  PLEEEEEZE?"

   Bubba Sr. shook his head, the little minx was always teasing him.  
Someday He'd make sure she'd get it and get it good!  "Well...okay 
why not?"

   Carol undid her belt, leaned over and kissed his father politely on the
cheek.  As she did, she put one hand on his thigh and felt the unmistakable
feel of semi-hard cock.  Her mouth opened a bit and she whispered, "That 
can't be all you!"  Then aloud so his son could hear. "Oh Thank you Mr. 
Larren you are so nice."

   Bubba Sr. muttered underneath his breath.  "Gawddamn tease."

   As the pair arrived home, Carol could see hear mother all dressed up to 
entertain one of her many clients.  She had landed a high profile job at the
condom company and was out many nights of the week, leaving the kids to cook
for themselves.  In a lot of ways Carol didn't mind.  She had free use of 
the phone (a teenage girls best friend), a lot more spending money and 
Carol's mother always spent time with her and her brother on the weekend.

    Opal stood by her new porsche and waited for Carol to say her 
goodbyes.  "Thank you, Mr. Larren for the ride."

    The boys father nodded and scrunched over went into the house leaving 
Carol with her best friend.  She decided to make a move.  She hugged her 
"boy next door" and waited to see if he would grow the bulge that was all 
too familiar in his father.  She felt nothing.  She pouted her lips and 
licked them once, slowly, the way her friend Brandi had told her to do.

    Still nothing.  
    
    "Shorty whatcha doing'?"

    Carol felt total defeat.  Maybe her big black giant was gay.  Well, 
she still would remain his friend to the end.  "That was just a thank 
you hug. I gotta go."  She ran across the street to mother, leaving the
big black teen to scratch his head.

   Her Mother, Opal was a lot more relaxed these days.  For some reason, she 
didn't mind her young daughter spending so much time with the boy. However 
the father was another matter.   "Carol Brazil, I don't want you riding in 
the front seat with that awful Mr. Larren.  I...I don't trust him."

   Carol squinted her eyes.  "Mom, are you a bigot?"

   Opal looked hurt.  "Why no! Of course not!  His young son is a perfect 
gentleman.  I read in the papers that he'll have his choice of any college 
in the country.  Why in a few years, he'll make lots of money as a 
professional athelete.  A credit to his race."                                                       

   The little girl rolled her eyes.  Opal continued.  "But his father. a 
dirty common junkman.  I don't like him one bit.  Now I'll be entertaining 
tonight and then I have to catch a flight out, so I won't be back till 
tomorrow.  Be a dear and cook dinner for your brother.  He is so helpless 
without a woman."

    "Aww Mom!"

    Opal kissed her daughter on the cheek, "No backtalk, now do as I say 
and I'll see you tomorrow."

   Carol went inside and saw JR, watching TV as usual.  She went to pick up 
the phone to tell her friend Brandi, that she was right.  There was no 
getting to Bubba.  JR stopped her in her tracks.  "Hey no phone calls until 
you make me dinner, peewee."

   Carol could feel stress coming over her and turned right into his chest.
   "Nope, I think tonight you're gonna fix me dinner."

   JR couldn't believe the way she sassed him.  "You little shit, you wonder
I'm never nice to you..."
   
   "Shut up JR."  At that instant, her hand went right to her brothers 
crotch and squeezed.  "MMmmm, feels like a big one, JR."  The feeling hit
Carol like a bolt of thunder.  She was surprised herself at her own casual
manner of feeling up her big brother.  A hormonal impulse shot through her
driving out all other thoughts.  An overwhelming impulse to handle the
nearest male.  For Carol it didn't matter that the nearest male was her 
own brother.

   JR could feel his cock swelling in her little hand as she massaged him 
through his blue jeans.  "Wha.. What are you doing?  You can't...Ahh."

   The little teenager could feel power as she watched her rough talking
big brother become meek as a lamb.  "Yeah, it's a big one alright.  I 
better take it out and have a look."  As much her actions surprised her,
She was surprised more as she felt that dam bursting...again.  The youngster
was controlled by a sexual impulse that wouldn't stop. 

   She looked down and opened his snap and unzipped him.  She jerked his 
baggy pants down until they bunched around his ankles.  His underwear made 
an huge obscene bulge that she squeezed again and again.  "WOW!  Feels like 
yours is the biggest one yet JR.  But I'll have to suck it to be sure.  You 
want me to suck your dick JR?"

  JR had always thought of his sister as pretty.  In fact she was the cutest
girl to ever handle his cock and the way her small hand kept rubbing his 
dick and balls was driving him crazy.  Still, like most brothers and
sisters, rivalry and unwritten rules kept either one from entertaining
thoughts of the other.   In an unthinking instant the young female had 
broken down the incest barrier and changed the course of their relationship.
While he had some thoughts about his little sister before, he never once
thought about pursuing them.  His lust started early as right before his
eyes JR had seen his little sister getting curves while barely growing an
inch.

  The lucky teen was stunned by the sight of his clothed cock bulge and
her small hands right beside the tent awaiting his command like a slave.
Her tiny hands had hypnotized him more then once.  For years JR had
wondered what his mothers small perfectly manicured hands would look like
wrapped around his member.  The same thoughts then turned to his little
sister's hands.  Tiny, clean and with her nails clipped short.  He was
sure there was no way she could make all the way around him and it was a
sight he was waiting to see.  In a sexual stupor JR managed a single word.  

  "Yeah."

  "Yeah, what?  Tell me like a man, JR!"

  "Yeah! I WANT YOU TO SUCK MY DICK, AND I WANT YOU TO DO IT NOW!"  

  'Strong...Dominating, much much better.'
 
  "Of course, JR," She said in her softest voice.  Carol dropped to her 
knees and winced as they were still sore from her afternoon suckoff session.  
She thumbed down his underwear and his prick sprang up rockhard and stiff 
right in her face.  It felt so right to see it bobbing up and down and so
close, her big brother could feel her breath.  "WOW!  You really are a big
brother, JR!  Your dick is big.  Maybe too big!  How big are you, JR?"  

   "Eight inches.  Four inches around."
   
   His sister shook her head at her luck.  Her best friend was slowly 
working her way through every guy in the eighth grade in search of what
she called, "a true monster cock".  The largest she had found was seven and
a half inches.  Carol shook her head thinking if her friend only knew that
maybe the monster she was looking for, lived in the same house with her.

   "You better grab my ponytail and force me a bit so I don't lose my nerve."
Carol was going to suck his dick regardless of whether he forced her or not.
But she loved being dominated and taken advantage of.  The second he grabbed
her ponytail and pulled, her mouth opened and she lunged forward.

   Once again, Carol never shut her eyes, but this time she looked at her 
big brothers dick as she slowly inhaled bit after bit of his thick rod.  
Her older sibling watched with glee as his little sister tounged and sucked 
his rod.  He loved the way her eyes crossed as they peered down the thick 
remainder of his dick and he shivered as her small hand unsuccessfully
tried to wrap around his thick schlong.

   "Geez, Peewee, You must really like sucking cock."

   Carol mumbled something, but she couldn't talk very well with her 
big brothers cock in her mouth.  He yanked his sisters head up by her 
ponytail so he could hear the little teen cocksucker speak.

   "OWW! I said, I like sucking on a big dick like yours, Big brother.  Now
feed me."  Her head wiggled back down straining against her brothers grip 
as he tried to set the rhythm but his little sister was enjoying herself so 
much that he could feel his balls tightening for a familiar blast.

   Carol could feel her brothers dick getting fatter and she was finding it
difficult to breathe.  His cock was so long that the teenager couldn't take
it all.  Her hands roamed on his thighs and found his full nutsack, so she 
began to gently knead them again and again.  As she did, she found that her 
siblings cock would puff up as well so she did it again and again.

   "Carol, I think I'm gonna cum!"

   His little sister lifted her head for a second, spoke and then went right
back down on her big brother with the fat cock.

   "FEED ME, BIG BROTHER, FEED ME DINNER!"

   "KEEP SUCKING, LITTLE SISTER, KEEP SUCKING!  I'M ALMOST THERE!"

   Carol's head bobbed back and forth.  "ULMPH!! ULMPH!! ULMPH!! <CHOKE!>"

   ""AARRRGH! EEEYEAH!!! I'M CUMMIN'! TAKE IT SIS! TAKE IT ALL! ARRRGH!"

     The first blast went right into his little sisters mouth and filled 
it to overflowing.  She opened her mouth for air and his cum flowed out 
from the sides of her mouth soaking her chin with thick white jism for the 
second time that day.  JR released her sisters head and his cumblast shot 
right across her cheek and on her nose!  The entire time, she kept her 
eyes opened so she could watch her brothers face grimace in orgasm.  
With his cock pulled out, Carol wrapped one hand around her brothers 
shaft and kept pumping his cock, feeling it go soft and deflate.  

   Once again, she was caught in an irresistable impulse.  Carol wanted 
more, she needed more.  Her mind forgot about her gentle giant again as she
planned the times she could suck off her teacher and her big brother too!
Once again a little dazed and confused, her minded clouded with heavy lust.
The little girl was fascinated with her brothers penis instantly comparing
deflated size to it's aroused state.  Still gently pumping and squeezing
him with her delicate grip, she felt her brother weakly try to pull away.
Even then she wouldn't let go and her brother buckled as his little bitty
sister deliberately kept hold of the sensitive head, squeezing his glands
until he couldn't take any more and collasped at her knees.

    Little Carol wiped her chin with a spermy hand and licked the rest of 
her own big brothers cum from her lips.  "MMMmmm, thanks for the meal, JR.  
You shoot an awful lot of sperm, JR. No wonder you took so long."

   "I...I never been sucked off like that before.  Not by someone as pretty 
as you.  I wanted it to last as possible."

   Carol smiled as she wiped the last of her big brothers wad from her face.
"So you do think I'm pretty, after all?"  

   "AWW, sis, you're one of the prettiest girls in school."

   "Why thank you JR."  Carol stood, letting her big brother see under her
skirt.  "All that sucking of your big dick, made me hungry."

   "Just relax, Peewee, I'll cook dinner for you tonight."

    Carol headed for the stairs to clean up.  She grinned more to herself.
"Why thank you JR.  You are so nice to me."  Carol was sure he would be
a lot nicer to her from now on.  Without an inward gaze, she didn't realize
how she awakening and awakening fast.  With sex on her mind, she began to
figure how she was going to accomplish her goal.  How to "convert" Big 
Bubba Larren Jr. into her boyfriend.  She had some idea's but knew a
call to Brandi certainly couldn't hurt.  Noticing a stray bit of sperm
on the back of her hand, she licked it up and reached for the phone.


************************************   
CHAPTER FOUR-the best laid plans...
************************************   
    
   Carol was back on the phone talking with Brandi. The only details
she left out was about his pals father was feeling up her small ass and 
tiny cunt while his own son sat in the backseat.

   "Yep, so he's taking me to the dance after the big game."

   She could hear Brandi chuckling through the recevier.  "Not bad, a pair 
of glassy eyes, a trembling lip and you have star of the football team 
wrapped around your little finger."

   The cute little teen snickered herself.  "Naw, I had 'em wrapped around 
my finger since we six years old.  Don't know why, but that big lug has 
always liked me."

   "Yeah, too bad he's gay.  But that's not all I heard about Bubba."

   Carol hated hearing anything negative about her friend and could herself
getting pissed again.   "Like what?"

   "Like he has the smallest cock of any boy in the school.  I hear he even 
waits till the rest of gym class showers before he takes his so they can't
see him and his microcock.  Poor guy!  A huge black guy with a tiny cock, 
if I were him I'd be gay too."

    Carol screamed into the phone.   "I don't care!  I'm not a size queen 
like you!  AND BUBBA IS NOT GAY!"

    The gymnast slammed the phone down in disgust.  She was going to tell 
her best girlfriend about the size of her brothers cock, but she could 
forget it.  After a second, her temper calmed as always and she called 
her back.

   "Brandi, what do I about Bubba?"

   There was a silence for a second as Brandi let friend suffer a bit.  
"HA! Runt. Stupid little virgin!  I knew you'd call back."

   "Sorry."

   "I know! I know! what a big temper for such a runt.  Now then, the 
answer is obvious.  You gotta shock the boy.  You gotta overwhelm his 
hormones till he's practically raping you.  But you gotta make his 
little bitty dick hard first."

   "But how?"

   "Sneak into his room, strip off your clothes and be waiting for him buck
ass naked in your moms high heels!  If that doesn't work, nothing will."

   "Kinda obvious, isn't it?"

   "Exactly, shave your cunt too.  As small as you are, it'll give that you 
that babydoll look.  It'll drive him crazy."

   "My hair is already shaved off.  That way it won't show when I'm in my 
gymnastics uniform.  You sure it will work?"

   "Always worked for me.  Trust me, he'll be buttfucking your virgin ass 
all night long."

   "Goodness!  I..I'll try it.  At this point I'm do anything."

   "Let me know if it works.  I gotta go.  I'm gonna try and get this boy 
called Mule.  I hear his dick isn't that long but he's supposed to be 
thicker then any boy in school!"

   "Slut."

   "Cocksucking slut to you!  Bye!"

    Carol hung up the phone.  She set her alarm clock for midnight,
stripped naked and began her exercises for gymnastics, stretching her
taut body and trying to figure out her new behavior.  Her mother had 
said something, but it wasn't very clear.  Carol tried to think of her
past meets and furture victories, but her mind riveted back to her sexual
encounters.  

   The teen dream concentrated on a handstand.  Her well trained muscles
held her firm and her mind drifted back to a scene with Alphonse Jones.
Carol remembered the cornrowed hair and how Bubba turned down an offer
from her to do the same to his hair.  She also remembered the day he 
blocked her path.  Without strain, Carol pivoted on her hands and spread
her legs until they were perfect angles with her slim form.

   The strength of a champion showed as Carol began doing light pushups,
while maintaining the handstand.  It was a manuver she had mastered when
she was still a pre-teen phenom.  On her thirtieth push up, she began to
grit her teeth.  "I bet Alphonse would know what to do with me." came
from her lips and she tumbled forward.  

   Taking deep breaths, her body glistening with sweat, she took a moment
to relax.  Her mind drifted back to a little more then a week ago.  What
happened a week ago, she didn't want to dwell on.

   [ONE WEEK, A FEW DAYS]

***

   Carol was still smiling at the way, Latifah Jones and her crones made
a path as she held Bubba's arm.  Some mild trash talking as they passed,
but nothing that would bother her and very few things ever seemed to upset
her dino sized escort.  A wistful sigh of unrequieted love escaped her lips
as they parted ways till the rest of the day.  If only he could walk her to
class every day.  But still only a small distance to go.  "Darn it, where
is everyone.  Am I that late?  I'm the only one in the hallway."  Carol's
eyes widened a second as she realized what hallway she was in.  She had
walked it too many times, been late too many times, but after what happened
to Martha, she didn't want to be there at all

   A door swing from that bathroom froze her.  Carol knew Martha Glug and
what really happened in that boys room.  The instant memory lashed at her
mind and paralyzed her for a second.  Long enough for the tall negro to
step out and confront her.

   "Heyyy, Little Shorty, got time to talk?"  Jones hands seemed to move
in the pockets of his baggy pants.  His plaid shirt was buttoned at the
top but swung open.  The school had cracked down on the simple bandana
that spoke of gang colors.

   Carol knew what gang.  Not interested in money or turf, the Dawgs just
wanted one thing and the thought made her shiver with fear.  She swallowed
and tried to step aside only to be matched by Jones's own step.

   "No, I can't talk.  I have to go to class.  You should go too!"  Once
again, she tried to sidestep but stopped when he gripped her arm hard.
"Owww, let go of me."

   Jones smiled and yanked hard on her arm trying to quickly toss her light
body into the bathroom.  He was surprised at her strength as she skidded
away and twisting into the lockers with a metal clang.  Jones quickness
surprised her as he put an arm by either side of her shoulder and looked
down on the junior miss.  "Dammmmnn, Bay-bee, you a strong little shorty."

   Carol swallowed again and fought against her fear.  She managed a quick
snarl.  "What do you want? Alphonse Jones."

   Jones pressed against her, intimidating the young teen.  "You know what
I want.  What a waste, that fine ass of yours.  I know Manchild can't hang
wit you.  Microcock is flamin' anyway."

   Carol turned her head and was repulsed by the feel of Jones's hand on
her chin, snapping her face to meet his leering gaze.  Carol's return was
weak.  "Bubba is more then that, I mean.."  The teen hated herself for 
even speaking.  She knew she didn't have to justify her friendship with
anyone to the likes of Jones.

   Jones pressed her.  "Awww, it's aw-ite.  I been watching you.  You
spreading baby or you ready to spread.  I can help you, Little miss gym
champ."  Jones lowered a hand to his crotch and gripped himself.  He
could see the way, she trembled and the way her eyes darted downward
for an instant.  "Yeah, Bay-bee,  I'm a man, you a shorty and I can tell
you're ready to burst ain't you?"

   Carol eyes did look down.  The bulge wasn't overwhelming, but it didn't
matter.  Thoughts of Tommy Davidson's pecker appeared in her mind and a
small bit of curiosity creeped through her.  A tightening of her nipples
and she felt a small shudder.  She wanted to be taken, but not by the
likes of a creep like Alphonse Jones.

   With a strength she didn't know she had, Carol pushed him back a bit,
dropped her schoolbag and slapped Alphonse in a fluid motion, jerking his
head to the side.  Her voice was filled with acid.   "You are scum.  You're
not fit to speak Bubba's name and you are less then dirt to me."

   What intimidated her more was the way Jones slowly turned his face back
was the smile.  It really did turn him on more when his prey showed some
fight.  "Mmmm, Little shorty got some spunk.  Like that, it'll be even
better when WE break you."

   Jones took another step to close the distance, but froze at the sound
of an adult voice.  "Am I disturbing something?"  The voice was one that
every student in Waddapole High school knew by heart.  Vince Rodson, a
good geography teacher, acting vice principal and now a godsend.

   The youngest Brazil sputtered.  It must've looked like the two were in
an embrace.  "Yes...I mean NO!  It's not what it looks like."

   Rodson eyes narrowed at Jones.  "Of that, I am absolutely sure.  Get
to class Miss Brazil and try not to be late all the same time.  I want to 
talk to Mr. Jones about the school attendence policy."

    Carol smiled to herself, sneered to jones and nodded to her teacher.
"Yes sir.  Thank you, sir.  Right away sir."  Carol always knew that
Rodson was tough on her, but seemed to defer to her status as a campus
sports star on a regular basis.  Carol stooped, picked up her books and
literally ran to class.


***[Present--Carols Room, 10:00pm]

   "Damn you, Jones.  I won't give in to you.  I know that."  Carol said
more to convince herself.  After that incident and the one that followed
with Jones, she felt needed convincing.  Feeling tired, Carol remembered
her plan and went to closet. Her white prom heels, and a long coat to hide
her nakedness.  A daring plan within a plan formed in her mind.  Nothing
that a rational person could consider, but a rational person didn't have
to deal with an urge to be used by a rape gang or to a much lesser degree
the constant harrasing of Latifah Jones.  

  It all flashed through her mind in an instant.  It could work, with a
different Bubba Larren.  She could beat both of the Jones's.  One might
be really easy, the other sibling would be a lot harder.  But if it all
worked, everything she wanted would come true.  The young champion felt
better about herself.  'This how I do things.  I take control.  I'm gonna
stop Jones.  For Molly Glug and for me.' The calm inner thoughts of peace
still were compared to her awakening sexual nature.  A quick shake to
whisk such competing thoughts away and three quick blinks and the need
for rest moved to her bed.  Checking the alarm again, Carol Brazil relaxed
and fell asleep. She had a lot to do that night.

*******[MIDNIGHT*******

    When the alarm went off, she awoke with a start, instantly alert.  She
gathered her courage and set her plan in motion.  Sneaking out of the front
door, she went across the street into an open window.  She went upstairs, 
but in the dark she lost her bearings.  When she saw the light on from 
underneath a door, she was sure which room it was and went inside.

    Stripping off her coat, she put on her three inch heels and even applied
lipstick in the darkness.  As her eyes adjusted, she noted something was not
quite right.  When she heard footsteps she started to tremble and thought of
running out before Bubba Jr. caught her.  When the door knob turned, it was
too late.  The door opened and she saw the huge silohuette of her best pal
The light clicked on and she saw with shock, that it wasn't Bubba Jr, But
his father Bubba Larren Sr!

    "Well well well, what have got here?"  The voice was deep and shook her 
a bit.  As he walked toward her, she could see that he was wearing only 
pajamas bottoms.  Instantly she knew where Bubba got his muscles.  His 
father was as tall his son and his body rippled with thick slabs of sinew.  

   "Carol!  You little sneak!.  Come to see my little boy eh?"  The calm
voice belied his true feelings.  Always horny, he had been indulging himself
in his favorite fantasy.  The taking of a teenage tease who just happened
to live across the street.  It didn't matter that it would be statutory
rape or she was his son's best friend.  All that mattered was a gorgeous
little teen was going to get her due and nothing was going to stop him.

   Carol normally smiled when she would hear the man refer to his son as
his "little boy".  But now, the little teen shook at the sight of the father
advancing on her.  She could tell that this man was different from any time
he had seen before.  The tiny wonder now recognized the look of male lust 
and she saw that best friend's father had that look now.  The way he was 
walking was different, almost stiff legged.  Her shining eyes drifted down
and saw that his thin pajamas were already stretched out an obscene tent 
that stopped only a foot from little Carol.  The mans eyes squinted like 
an old west gunslinger.

   "Sit up!"

    His voice was so commanding and Carol was so scared, that she obeyed 
him before she even thought about it.  She sat up, holding the coat to 
cover her nakedness.  

   "We'll have none of that!"  He yanked the coat exposing her tiny gymnast 
body to the older man.  She could see the leer of lust in his face, she 
wanted to run but froze as the man's big hands went for his snap.  The 
small girl watched as the father struggled to drop his bottoms, when he
managed to yank out his cock, her hand flew to her mouth as she gasped.

   "GEEZUS!! YOU'RE...YOU'RE HUGE!!  IT...ITS SO BIG!!! IT...ITS SO FAT! 
IT...REALLY WAS ALL YOU!!!!"

   The little teen beauty was hypnotized by the sheer size of the fathers 
cock.  Standing out ten inches long, the shaft, thicker then her wrist, 
even thicker then her teachers thick peg, was wider at the root then at 
the end of his shaft that ended with a cock knob as big as her fist.  The
shaft itself was darker then the man and showed patterns of discoloration
from years of self-abuse.  Below the thick cock root, fringed by his jet 
black curls was the fat wrinkly bag of his scrotum.  It was covered by 
same kinky hair of his pubes and contained the largest testicles that 
Carol had ever seen.  Great, bloated kidney shaped orbs, they shifted 
upward into his groin right before her eyes, nestling like a pair of 
goose eggs underneath the flexing cock.

   "Yeah it's was all me you gawddamn little tease."   He moved closer till
too fat ten inch prick was just inches from her face.  "I've been beating 
off to your sexy little gymnast ass too long to miss out now."  Quickly his 
hand shot out and grabbed her ever present ponytail.  Carol felt the urge to 
open her mouth as he pulled her close till her smooth soft cheek was rubbing 
his fat cockknob.  She tried to squirm away, but it only made her face 
massage his too thick cock even more.  

    The mans deep voice bellowed above her as he pulled and yanked on her
hair to get her to open her mouth.  Her eyes were shocked wide open in fear
and terror.  This was the side of the man her mother warned her about.  But
other problem was that everytime he yanked at her ponytail, she would open 
her mouth.  It was like she being trained to suck dick at the pull of her 
black mane.  Everytime his baritone voice yelled at her, Carol could feel 
sparks explode from her tiny crotch.  Carol felt torn between the same
feelings blowing though her mind and natural female fear of such a large
and aroused male speciman.  The fear made her plead to him as the huge
mushroomed head stroked off on her soft teenaged face.

    "STOP!! PLEASE STOP!! I CAN'T SUCK YOUR COCK!  ITS TOO HUGE, ITS TOO 
FAT!"

    "YOU SQUEEZED IT TODAY!! YOU KNOW WANT TO! YOU KNOW WANT TO SUCK MY 
COCK AND YOU'RE GONNA DO IT RIGHT NOW!!"  He pulled her head back again 
and the little girl went to grab his wrist to make stop jacking off on 
her face, but at the same time, he moved hand away her small palm was 
overfilled with thick black cock!

    The second her hand touched his shaft, she started pulling on it, she 
started to rub her face up and down the big black dick.  Her other hand 
stopped fighting him and circled his cock as well.  Like her brothers cock,
she couldn't get her hand all the way around the thick monster dick and as 
she pumped him, she began to love the way she needed both hands to handle 
him. Her body shook again as he kept up the pressure.

   Her best friends father was enraged with lust.  He had seen her grow
up and had been teased by her perfect lithe form one too many times.  Now
his patience had payed off.  It was clear she had resisted him at first,
but now was giving in to her own youthful desires.  "DO IT!! SUCK MY
COCK, YOU LITTLE TANNED HONEYSLUT!! ADMIT IT!! YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO!!"

   Carol squirmed her body and tilted her head.  She looked up at her oral
rapist and locked her eyes on his.  The feelings that had simmered now
rose to a boil.  Carol made up her mind in an instant.  "Yes Daddy.  
I...I want to suck you off and I want to do it good."

   Larren leered down at her, knowingly.  He knew the little tease could 
not hold out for long.  He quit jerking her head around, but never released
his strong grip on her ponytail.   He watched the little tease kiss his fat
cock head six times and then bit by bit, her small mouth began easing him
in.

   Carol, now having sucked a few cocks relaxed a bit, but found she just 
couldn't take any more then his cock head with gagging.  He was just too 
big for her to handle.  She kept coming up for air as his precum filled 
her mouth up so completely, she was constantly gulping to just keep up.

   "Its no good."

   Carol lifted her head and used one hand to wipe her soaked chin. "HUH?"

   "If you can't handle me, there is no way I'm gonna let you near my son.  
I better force you."  With that, he pushed down on her head and forced 
another inch into her mouth.  Carol could feel the head pop past her mouth
and down her throat.  Her nose flattened and she hammered against his 
thighs as he used her throat for a forced blowjob.  He would grab the end
of his cock and her head and mash the two together not caring whether the
young girl could breathe or not.  Carol thrashed around, but found she 
helpless as she kept coming closer and closer to his pubic hair.  Her 
throat burned with irritation and showed his cock bulge every time he
pushed her down.

   "Yeah! YEAH! THAT'S BETTER!  NOW YOU'RE SUCKING A MAN'S COCK!  USE YOUR
TOUNGE YOU LITTLE BITCH USE YOUR TOUNGE AND KEEP SWALLOWING!  I'M GETTING A
LITTLE CLOSER."

    Carol thought she was gonna die as the man kept using her mouth and 
throat without regard to her comfort.  The only thing was, the rougher 
he used her.  The dirtier he talked, the more sparks came from her crotch, 
her tiny clit throbbed with pleasure as the father dominated her completely.  
In spite of the pain, in spite of the fact her lips were turned inside out 
everytime she she blew him, she shot out a hand and gently started squeezing
his nutsack.

     Bubba Sr. couldn't believe the way the little darling could take such a
brutal face fuck and still have the nerve to squeeze his balls.  He watched
as Carol, the teen beauty, choked time and again on his thick chocolate 
shaft.  Her moaning, whimpering pleas, the way she used her tounge even as 
she was being orally raped was more then he could take.  He threw his head 
and yelled,

    "SHIT YEAH!! I'M CUMMIN!! TAKE IT ALL YOU LITTLE COCKSUCKING SLUT!"

    "UBUBBUBA <CHOKE!!> ULLMPH!!<GAG! CHOKE!> UBUBBUBA <CHOKE!!> ULLMPH!!
    <GAG! CHOKE! CHOKE!! CHOKE!!!>"

    "AT LAST! TAKE...AAAARGHHH!"  The father unleashed a torrent of cum down
the girls throat, it filled her belly and still he kept cumming!  She tried 
to lift her head but the older man grabbed her by the back of the neck and 
held her in place sending an endless stream of thick white cum down her 
slender throat.

  Carol did her best to keep up, but it was no use, his cock hit the back 
of her throat and she gagged again.  With her mouth filled with sperm, it 
backed up and flowed from her tiny nose in twin white rivers of semen that 
cascaded over her mouth and down her chin.

    When he finally lifted her head up, her face was a spermy mess.  Little
Carol, the wonder suck, felt like she passing out.  The tiny cutie had now
given in to a forced blowjob by her best friends father,  she had even let 
him call her a slut, a cocksucker, even a little bitch and she didn't care
in the least.  It wasn't the way her mother raised her, but with the man's
semi-erect monster cock still giving small lurches in front of her angelic
face, Carol just wanted more.  The last thing her smiling face remembered 
was a single burp of sperm that plastered her right eye shut before darkness
washed over her.

   It wasn't the first time the older man had cum so much that he caused 
his lovers to pass out.  He snickered to himself as he watched her slumber
peacefully.  "It took me eight years, but I knew I'd get to nail that little
pussy sooner or later."


*****************************************
    Chapter five  Tiny Tiger on the loose
*****************************************

  [Eight years earlier]

  The kids as always, were a handful, but Bubba Larren Sr. didn't really 
mind.  He had planned to have more kids, but after his wife passed away
it all he could do to make ends meet and keep the house.  It was just
one of the reasons he never minded when Opal Brazil dropped Carol and
JR for him to babysit.  He always got a laugh at watching little Carol
compete for attention with her brother and his own son Bubba.  He even
got a bigger kick out of watching the little girl boss around his son.

   The black man also loved seeing Carol do her gymnastics routine.
Even though she was only seven, she was already an expert on several
things that the older girls still had yet to master.   He looked at her
and tried to figure out what the hell race she was.  Her skin was tanned
so dark she could be hispanic, but the tyke had a slightly oriental
look to her eyes and fat lips even for a youngster.  He wondered briefly
if the little girl would turn out to be a sexy little vixen like her
mother.  He vowed if he ever had a chance the junk dealer would put the 
wood to the lovely widow.

    He doted on the litte girl as if she were his own and saw that she
had him wrapped her little finger the same way she controlled Bubba.  
The three kids had finally settled down for the night (they had all
fallen asleep watching USA UP ALL NIGHT). So when the father had heard
the expected storm beginning to batter the house, the black man lit the 
fireplace, lit a cigarette and began to drum his cock while thinking 
about Opal.  'Certainly, he thought, if the woman had been getting it
regular from her runt of a husband, then she must be missing it right
about now.  A woman needs and desires need to be fulfilled.' He reasoned
with a male point of view.  It was a task he thought himself perfectly 
suited for.

    The lightning roared outside and thundered against the house.  He
had almost drifted off to sleep when he heard a small voice call to him.

   "Mr. Larren?"

   He turned and saw the seven year old Carol Brazil sitting on the
stairs, sucking her thumb while the other hand held a ragged teddy bear.  
"Carol, honey, what are you doing up?  You should be sleeping."

   Carol removed the thumb in her mouth.   "The storm it woke me up.  Can
I watch the fire with you?"

   The little girl looked so adorable.  How could he deny her anything?
"Well, okay.  But you have to keep quiet."

   Completely ignoring the mans words.  She pumped her fist in the air.
"Alright!"  She went to the bannister and slid down it, her long nightie
raising up her over her little bum.

   Little Carol came off the bannister smoothly, and then immediately 
went to the window.  "Wow! Look at it come down, Mr. Larren!  I gotta
see!  I'm gonna look though the screen door okay?"

   "Sure....NO!"  Too late he remembered the previous storm had destroyed
the screen door.  As soon she opened the door, the storm hit her full force
soaking the girl in an instant!  In a flash he had slammed the door shut
and looked down at the tiny girl with squinted eyes.  "Dammit! Look at you!
you're a mess!"

   The seven year old looked up at the giant man.  Her eyes widened with
fear for just a second and then the elf little grin that erased all anger.

  "Gotta love me, Mr. Larren."

   The big man tilted his head and actually roared with laughter.  "You
little mouse, you just had to be so cute.  Good thing you are.  Now lift
up your arms."

   Carol did as she was told as her nightie was lifted from her body.  The
little girl wondered why Mr. Larren was looking at her so funny.  "What's
wrong, Mr. Larren?"

   Too things were wrong.  One, he had noticed that Carol was unusually
cute for a youngster and he didn't even want to think any further then 
that.  Secondly, the girl had no panties!  She was buck naked and smiling
up at him.  "Carol Honey, where are your panties?"

   "I don't like them, so after I go to bed I take them off.  Since I knew
Mom dropping us off, I just didn't wear any.  You won't tell Mom will you?"

  Once again he grinned, "No.  Little Carol, it will be our secret."

  "Oh, Mr. Larren, You are always so nice to me."  Suddenly the seven year
threw her little body against his.  She so small, she just hugged his thigh
letting her small head rest against his crotch.  She barely noticed through
the man's thin fabic, the bulge that was slowly developing.  When she 
stepped back.  She didn't know it, but her hand was resting and gripping
lengthening hose.  Once again, she looked up at him.   "What do we do 
now Mr. Larren?"

   The large black fought against certain thoughts.  He turned away.  "Just
stay there for a second.  Quickly he went into a hall closet and produced
a towel.  He went to his large comfortable chair and sat down, making
the little girl stand between his legs.

  "We'll just lay out your nightie by the fire, so it can dry.  Stand here
in front of me."  The little girl obeyed and let the man towel her dry.

  Completely innocent of her preteen nudity, she grinned, infecting the
man with sweetness.  "Flip for a quarter?"  Whenever the ice cream man
came around and Carol needed money, the deal of a backflip for a quarter
was standard with the two.  

  Rolling his eyes at her attempt to cash in her gleeful manner, he shook
his head.  "Later for sure. Um, lets see..."  He was very aware of her
nakedness and found himself fumbling for words.  Carol interjected her
own thought.

  "Wanna see my handstand pushups?  I can only do two, but no one else
can do it."  Without waiting for approval, Carol went to a handstand
and gritted out one pushup. When she began to split her legs open, Larren
grabbed her by the waist and spun her around, landing her on her feet.

   "Stop that!  Look just stand there. Just look cute."

   Carol put her thumb to her mouth.  "That's easy."  The seven year old
locked eyes with him, making him smile just for the heck of it.

He sat back for a second, wondering if he could use one of his shirts as
a pajama for the girl.  She was so small for her age that he was certain it
would no problem.  Before he could speak, Carol crawled quickly into his
lap, snuggling up so that her head rested on his massive chest.   "My daddy
used to let me stay just like this in his lap before...."

   Bubba Sr. didn't have to hear the rest.  "I know honey, I know."  He 
stroked her soft skin.  It was intoxicating.  Even though she was just a 
little seven year old and small for her age at that, soft skin was just
that and he could feel his large penis stirring further.  He stroked her
head instead of her shoulders hoping that he could will away his thick
member from becoming erect, but the little minx was constantly shifting 
in his lap.  He looked down at her and she tilted her head back.

   "Daddy would kiss me ten times to let me know that he loved me.  I...I
know I'm silly but would you be my daddy...just for a while."  He saw tears
welling in her eyes as she pouted her own fat lips and waited for a kiss.  

   'She may be have the body of a five year old, but her lips are just like
a woman's', He thought for a moment.  The little girl reminded him of those
rich women he worked for who had the collagen lip injections.  She puckered
her lips just once more and he lowered his head.  As he did, the youngster 
put her arms around his neck and kept her eyes wide opened as he kissed the
seven year old sweetheart ten times.  Each time he kissed her, another lurch 
would go through his fat penis and it would stiffen.  By the tenth kiss, 
The black man was sure he felt her tounge and now he was rockhard and his 
ten inch black cock was struggling to burst free.

   After the final kiss, Carol beamed a killer smile and looked down.
"Wow! Yep! Just like daddy."

   Larren saw that Carol was looking at his erection throbbing through his
thinning pajamas.  He was even more shocked when Carol stated rubbing it 
for him.   "Daddy always had me do this too.  Is...is it okay?"

   Larren's bull dick had no conscience.  The little tyke knew just how
hard to rub his lenthening cock shaft, she turned her head back and forth
watching his hard cock leap and down.   He tried to delay the inevitable by
questioning the youngster.  "Y..you're daddy used to make you do this...
this rubbing thing?"

   Carol continued moving her hand back and forth.  "Oh no!  He never made
me.  I wanted it to do it for him.  Papa said, 'that it relieved tension.'
and that 'all dads had a special muscle.'  I used to do it every night for
him after my bath."

   Larren was now slightly moving his hips.  'It won't be long now',
he thought.  "Special Muscle?"

   The littlest Brazil made a frown.  "You know.  The one along your leg.
Daddy said, it was right beside a mans thingie, and not "it", So it's okay.
You have to watch out for dirty men you know."

   The older man nodded his head.  "Oh yes I know."  So that's how the old 
buzzer did it.  He would tell his daughter, its just a special part of a 
man leg and the elf in all of her innocence was jacking off her old man 
every night!  He listened to the young girl still spilling the beans.

   Carol giggled and pressed both hands on his shaft, her small ass still
damp from the storm, shifted into his hand.  Her cheeks were so small, that
indeed one hand could contain them.  "When Mom would go visit her mother,
Daddy would dress me up in my sunday best clothes and I would rub all of the
the men at his poker parties or football games.  It was so much fun!  The
men would all hug me and kiss me and I had to do was rub their special
muscles.  Some of them even videotaped me."  Her hands stopped.  "Do you
think I'll be famous someday?"

   Bubba cleared his throat.  He was just about to blow his load.  "Honey,
I can see you're gonna be very well known.  Keep rubbing dear."

   "Yes daddy."  She resumed her two handed jackoff of the man's ten inch
organ.  "But you know something sir. Your muscle is a lot bigger then any
of theirs."

   "Really."  'Keep talking you little jackoff artist.  Just keep talking' 
was all the big man thought.

   Carol was fascinated by the huge muscle.  It looked like a boys thingie',
she thought, 'but it's way too big to be that'  She looked up at her best
friends father.  He was always nice to her and made her behave.  The little
girl didn't know why, but she always appreciated the limits he put on them
whenever they babysat.  She made up her mind that he was going to be her 
surrogate father.  She firmed her grip.  "You take a long time to relieve
tension, daddy.  I like that.  WOW! Your muscle stop is really really big
too!"

    The big man was moving around himself now, jerking a bit every few
moments.  "Mu..Muscle Stop?"  

   The seven year giggled again.  "This part silly."  Her small hand was
wrapped securely just below his head, her small thumb flicking at his glans.
Only her belief in that her daddy would never lie made her believe that she
wasn't handling a black man's well hung prick.  The other hand tried without
success to cap the fat head.  "Yeah, you sure have a big one daddy.  It's
the biggest one I've ever relieved."  Carol looked really sad for a second, 
but her pulling and rubbing never stopped.

   Bubba in spite of the fact, the seven year old girl had him ready to
blow his wad, was truly concerned.   "What's wrong, little honey?"

   "This is the part where Daddy would give me our secret kiss.  I..I guess
it doesn't have to be a secret anymore."

   Larren smiled.  He wanted to soothe the girls grief as much as he wanted
relief.  "It can be OUR secret now, Carol."  He lowered his head and once
again kissed the youngster.  This time he accepted her tounge into her 
mouth.  The instant he did, he heard a small moan from the seven year old.
That did it.  His fat ten inch cock broke through the flimsy snaps.  Her
hand slipped once and was filled with the mans gigantic dork.  His body
shuddered as his thick black dong was masturbated by the little girl.  He
kept kissing the girl, keeping her head back as one small hand stayed just
below his pulpy applesized knob.  

   One more moan, and his will broke, his cock burst coating the little
girls hand and landing in thick blobs all along her lithe nubile form.
When he broke the kiss, he heard  a hushed "Anytime Daddy" and the sound of
gentle snoring.  Even more gently, he picked up the l'il darling and placed
her light form on his couch.

   In typical childlike fashion, the cute little tyke used all of her 
energy to 'relieve his tension' and then fell asleep in his arms during
their kiss.  It was a great relief.  Carol was innocent but if she saw
his raging hardon, there would have been trouble a plenty.  He looked down
at her naked form, small portions of his semen still painted on her smooth
tanned form and felt a gentle stirring in his groin again.  He ignored it 
and went about cleaning the sleeping girl and then dressing and covering 
her with a blanket.

   The orgasm little Carol Brazil had given him had tired him a bit and
took enough edge off to allow him to fall asleep by the fireplace.  Two
hours later, The man felt a light weight in his lap and opened his eyes
to see his surrogate daughter snuggling in again.  Her hand dropped to his
lap and once again the little girl began snoring.  

   He moved her away and let her rest.  Inwardly he vowed never to let the
girl touch him again.  She was just too sweet and trusted him explicitly. 
A once in a lifetime thing he figured.  Betraying his previous thoughts
He stroked her straight black hair.

   'The little minx!' He thought. 'I better make sure I babysit you from
now on.  Someday, you are gonna be one hot little babe and I want to be
there when you bloom.'  He wrapped one arm around her and joined her in
blissful sleep.


******************************
CHAPTER SIX-Cherry Pickin's
******************************

   When Carol awoke, she smelled the distinct odor of cigarette smoke.  As 
she slowly opened her eyes, she could see that she was sprawled on her
belly along the bed with her face resting on his abdomen.  The sight 
of his spent black log lolled across his thigh and it was still fat, 
still dangerous.  When she felt a tug on her pony tail, her mouth opened
automatically and she lunged slightly for his thick limp dick.  She tried
to stretch out but when she moved her feet, she noticed that she couldn't
kick off her slipon stiletto heels.  She jumped a bit when she heard the 
baritone voice and remembered where she was and what she had been doing.

   Bubba Larren Sr. kept a hand on her tiny firm ass and squeezed it.  "Eh?
You're awake.  'bout time.  I wasn't sure how long you would be out."

  Still a little confused after the semi consentual blowjob, Carol noticed
the man's huge black prick beginning to stir back to life as well.  "My..my
shoes they won't come off."

   The now familiar leer returned to his face.  "I used double sided tape to
sorta glue your heels onto your feet.  I don't want them comin' off during
round two."

   Her high pitched voice pleaded with him.  She had given in to his demands
and her own hot blooded feelings, but her suddenly promiscuous behavior was
becoming easier and easier.  Besides that, she knew why she had snuck across
the street and it was not see her best friends father.  "Round two?  Please
Mr. Larren, I sucked you off like you wanted, please let me go to your son 
now."  

   "You'll get your chance.  But you've teased me too long.  Feeling my dick,
letting me feel your tight little ass and cunt.  Geez, girl, you got the 
smallest cunt I've ever seen."

   Carol thought for a second, eyed the big man's limp penis and felt her
hot emotions rising again.  She smiled to soften the man's hardened attitude.
For years she had wrapped him around her finger, but this harsh brutal man
who had forced the oral sex session from her was becoming less and less like
a father figure to her and more and more like a hot blooded male with only
sex on his mind.

"Big Daddy, I liked sucking your dick.  I'll do it whenever you want from 
now, just let me go see your son now."

   Larren took another drag from his cigarette and crushed it out.  He noted
that Little Carol was using the "daddy" word.  Whenever the young miss ever
wanted something from her neighbor across the street, she would just say
"Daddy" and the the gruff man would be putty in her hands.  But the oldest
Larren had seen the way the girl relented from his attack and then was spurred
on by some inner demon.  Larren wanted more.  Much much more.  The large man 
smiled back at the little girl.   "Sure baby,  After you give me a handjob, 
I'll let you go see Bubba.  I don't want him to miss out on a little pussy 
like yours."

   Carol felt relieved, she knew how a man reacts now and was sure she could
make short work of the mans big dick.  Besides that, Carol who had blown her
brother and teacher had missed this particular sex act.  It had felt wonderful
to suck off both of her conquests and she actually looked forward to feeling
his oversized organ in tender small hands and seeing his lava spew under her
gentle ministrations.  Carol's answer came out soft and meek. "Yes, Mr. Larren.
I'll be glad to jack off your big dick."

   Larren's leer returned as he stood, went to his dresser and pulled out a 
big jar of vaseline.  "You better grease me up, so it'll go easier."  The 
tiny teen took the jar and noticed it was already half used up.  As she 
turned, she could see the limp dick still hung a good six inches down his 
thigh.  Her small soft hands began coating the fat cock and kept applying 
the lube as it stiffened right before her eyes in obscene jerks.  Carol 
could feel more sparks from her crotch as the penis thickened in her tiny 
hands.  She kept pumping the friends father's black schlong as it reached 
its full ten inch length and seemed to be ready to explode in her face.  
The more she pumped, the harder it became as once again his gooseegg sized 
nuts drew up into his body.  All thoughts of fidelity vanished as Carol
realized how much she enjoyed masturbating her surrogate father.

   She was shocked when the man suddenly pushed her on her back.  She had 
seen and done enough to know recognize the man's rapid breathing and empty
fist clenching indicated that she was breaking the man's will fast!  The 
tiny gymnast couldn't hold back her disappointment in not seeing the giant
member blow its load.  "Why did you that?  It was ready to blow!  I...I wanted
to you shoot your stuff, sir."

   Larren's voice was calm.  "I can do do the rest.  I just wanted to see 
you play with yourself first.  Go ahead, lie on your back and rub your 
little cunt with your hand."

   Carol never knew that men liked to women play with themselves and was 
almost eager to see what he would do.  She began slowly rubbing her shaved
cunt and noticed how nice the grease felt and once again sparks leaped from
her crotch.  When she touched her clit, see felt the ripple of orgasm hit 
her and her body stiffened and she arched her back.  As the small climax 
subsided she peeked out and saw that Larren wasn't playing with himself at 
all, but watching the lurid show that the little cocksucker was putting on.  

   All at once, he moved like a panther, spreading her legs with his own
knees and pinning back her arms. When his huge cock brushed along her thighs 
leaving a trial of semen and grease the little teen realized that she had 
been tricked into not only greasing up the mans cock for him, but greasing 
up her own pussy as well!

   Carol, large eyes opened wider as the black man shoved forward.  The very
instant his bloated cockhead touched her smooth shaven little mound, she 
knew that he was too much to handle.  She let out a loud growling whimper.

   "EEEEEEEwwwwwWW!  IT'S TOO BIG, DADDY! DON'T DO THIS! PLEASE DON'T 
RAPE ME!"

   The powerful black man actually laughed.  "It'll be rape all right, but 
only for the first five minutes!"  He pushed again and he lodged himself in
her ripe virgin opening.  The small taste of tiny pussy sent shivers through
his body and he pushed harder.

   Carol felt incredible pain as the man started to burrow into her, he only 
had the head in and she already felt completely stuffed!  She cried out 
again.  "EEEEEEUHHHHHHNNN!!  ITS TOO FAT ,TOO BIG!  PLEASE STOP DON'T FUCK 
ME, PLEASE SIR, DON'T FUCK ME!!!"

   It was no use.  She had done her job too well and the greased log slid 
into her bumping against her tender hymen.  "YOU'VE TEASED ME ONCE TOO 
OFTEN, YOU SEXY LITTLE BITCH!  YOU WANTED TO GET FUCKED TONIGHT AND NOW 
YOU'RE GONNA GET FUCKED GOOD!!"

   The man gave one more shove and obliterated her tender hymen, taking her
cherry in one punishing stroke.  The pain was immediate and the little girl
screamed for mercy.  "AAAAIIIIEEEE!!  YOUR DICK IS TOO BIG MR. LARREN! ITS 
TOO BIG! PLEASE STOP!! MERCY, PLEASE MR. LARREN MERCY!"

   Larren ignored her pleas and continued to shove in his too thick too big
ten inch black dick.  Greased up and primed for fucking, he didn't stop 
until he managed to plant every thick inch into her tiny pussy.   When his 
balls rested against her small ass he paused to let his cock soak and to 
give her pussy a chance to reform from the awful rape of the invader.  His
won bellow showed no hint of remorse or quarter given.  

"YEAH!  AT LAST! YOUR LITTLE PUSSY IS BETTER THEN I DREAMED, NOW I'M 
GONNA FUCK YOUR LITTLE ASS UNCONSCIOUS!"

     Before he could give her another stroke, the tiny gymnasts body began 
to shake and vibrate and her legs went up in the air as her high heeled 
feet did the pedaled in the air while she was screwed good!  Without mercy, 
the rough pounding began, taking out every inch of black dick and then 
crushing down on his victim and filling her up again and again.  Heedless 
of whining and moans and pleas, the rough dirty fucking of the little 
teenager continued.  Everytime he thrust home, Carol felt like she being 
spanked as the fat ball sack slapped her ass in time with every stroke.

   With her arms pinned, and fighting with all of her might, she was 
helpless to stop the rape as the man enjoyed fucking her perfect little 
body.  Loving the way her high heels danced in the air, loving the way her 
smooth sexy legs rubbed against his side.  Carol was now nothing more then 
a receptacle for the mans seed as he fucked her like a toy.  He put his 
mouth to her neck and started kissing the young girl as he pumped his sons
girlfriend mercilessly.  When he put his lips to hers she tried to fight, 
but gave in actually sucking the mans tounge as screwed her without mercy.

   He released her hands and raised up on his haunches putting the girls
ankles by his ears and grabbing the young girl by her thin waist. Her waist
was so small that his hands nearly touched as they wrapped around the girl
to hold her still so he could bang her as hard as he could.  After five 
minutes of machine gun fucking, of hardcore pumping, his rape victim could
feel the difference.  She felt wonderfully overstuffed and the thin skin 
contracting around her hood was skinning her clit repeatedly.  Her teenage
lust took total control of her body.  The first five minutes had indeed 
been rape, but now there was
nothing like the feeling of being taken down hard!  Whimpers of pain changed
into sounds of passion.  Carol eeked out her moans, responding to the man with
crude words.   The sound was music to the mans ears.

    "EEE EEE FUCK ME, MR. LARREN, FUCK ME!"

    "GAWDAMN LITTLE TEASE, TAKE MY BIG BLACK DICK!"

    "UHN! UHN! UHN!  BUSTED MY CHERRY, SIR! FUCK ME HARDER!!"

    "LITTLE GYMNAST SLUT!  TEASIN' LITTLE SCHOOLGIRL!!!  TAKE THAT DICK!"

    "HARDER SIR! <GROAN!> UHN! UHN! UHN! HARDER! UHN! UHN! UHN!<WHIMPER!> 
I'M....I'M GONNA CUM SIR!!! I'M GONNA CUM, GAWD I LOVE YOUR BIG DICK SIR
I'M...I'M...I'M CUUUUMMMMINNNNG!!!!! AHHHHHOOoOO"

     Her best friends father couldn't hold out any longer as her spasming 
pussy milked his fat cock, holding it tight till he couldn't withdraw.  With
a final roar, he hammered the youngster into the matress as he came again 
and again.  Shuddering, unloading, pounding into her tight little schoolgirl
pussy a dozen more times, then shuddering again as the process repeated over
and over.  Shudder, unload, fuck her again, shudder unload and another hard
fuck.

   Carol herself was lost in an orgasmic bliss, all she knew that everytime
her pussy was split into two, another climax would wring throught her body,
she'd collapse and then be aroused and fucked into submission again.  Her 
last orgasm was the strongest causing her bones to crack, her back to arch, 
her head to turn from side to side and finally as she felt the man fuck into 
her again, her pussy locked down on his ten inch dick, she felt her cunt 
milking the man and her tounge lolled from the side of her mouth.  Carol 
Brazil, the new cocksucking queen, love slut of her best friends father, 
whimpered one final time and passed out.

   Turning his pumping into a slow grind, the elder cocked his head to the
side and smirked out loud at his sons slumbering little friend.  "I knew I'd
bang you sooner or later.  Just like your mother."


*****************************************
Chapter Seven---Opal gets a new boyfriend
*****************************************

   The big black man was rubbing her soft ass wondering whether it would fit
up her shithole, when his young victim stirred.  Her teenage mind was sharp 
and she snuggled up to her attacker.  "Mr. Larren, what do mean, just like 
my mother?"

   Larren was caught off guard.  "Er..uh...I didn't know you heard that."

   "Yes sir.  Just before I passed out.  Mr. Larren, have you been fucking 
my mother?"

   Her friends father continued to feel her up and he could see the whole 
thing like it was yesterday.  "Yep, I've been banging your mother 'bout 
twice a week now for the last, oh three months."

   Carol sat up, gently stroking the giant dick that has just fucked her 
into complete submission.  "But, but how?"

**********************************************
   Chapter eight (Like Mother, Like Daughter)
**********************************************

   THREE MONTHS EARLIER]  

   Young Carol had just finished helping her best friend, Bubba with his 
math.  She knew had to get home before her mom and have dinner ready.  
Since her Opal Brazil took the new job at the condom company, it was 
Carol's duty to feed the small family.  She saw Bubba Larren Sr. 
emptying out his beat up cadillac.

   Carol knew the boys father had the hots for her.  He had been stealing
a feel whenever he could for the last few years.  The youngster hadn't 
realized it at first, but now , she knew why the older man/surrogate dad
always had a place for her in his lap.  Still, she trusted the man as she 
had grown up with him, a widower, ever since they moved into the 
neighborhood when she was just six years old.

  Now that she did know about the old mans dirty thoughts, she never missed 
an opportunity to tease him and steal a compliment.  When she saw the look 
on his face, it always made her feel older and sexy.  Since she just a pint 
sized runt, she felt she needed all the compliments she could get.

   "Hello Mr. Larren.  I finished helping Bubba with his homework."

   Larren looked up and took in the sight of Carol, still in her gymnastics
outfit and a pair of cutoff blue jeans.  It didn't matter that Carol still
wasn't even five feet tall yet.  Her body was always rock hard, her skin was
still baby soft.  Now the youngster was fifteen years old, she had developed
apple sized tits with obviously large nipples.  He wondered whether the tiny
teen would follow after her mothers own incredible endowment.

   He felt the stirring in his groin begin again.  "Hello, Carol.  I can't
thank you enough for helpin' out m'boy.  Scholarship ain't worth shit if 
he can't pass his classes once he gets there."

   Carol sat on the step and did her familiar stretching exercises.  "Bubba 
is plenty smart, he just has to concentrate more."

   "Well I'm sure it's hard to think when there is such a pretty girl like
you helping him."

   Carol blushed and beamed. "Thank you sir.  You are too nice.  Sorry you 
missed my last meet.  I got first place in the all around."

   Larren started thinking nasty thoughts, but let them pass.  "Bubba took
plenty of photos, but I'm sorry I missed it too.  Maybe you could do a few
flips for me, sometimes."

   "Sure."  Carol messed with her top snap.  "Darn.  My jean snap is stuck!
Will you help me...daddy?"

   Her best friends father gave her the same dangerous leer that both
thrilled and scared Carol.  "Sure honey.  Come here."  

   Bubba Larren Sr. loved the way the girl would obey him.  The jailbait
came right up to him and thrust her hips.  Larren deliberately pulled
up on the tight jean cutoff to make them cut into her tiny pussy.  Carol
felt those sparks she was looking and pushed away slightly.  The teen
was a little grateful that snaps popped open at the same time.  

   She knew that the old black man had just given her a quick thrill and
that he knew it too.  Stepping up to him again.  She leaned on him and
shimmied out of her tiny shorts.  Carol stepped back dressed only in
Gymnastics training uniform.

   Larren let the moment pass.  "You gonna do some flips for me?"

   The little gymnast stood back.  "Anytime, Daddy.  Here I'll do some 
for you now!"  Carol took a few steps back and then did started hurling 
her seventy pound body all over his yard doing backflips, forward flips 
and getting amazing height as she soared through the air like an olympic 
star.  She ended up with a one armed handstand on the mans railing.  She 
started to turn, still in the handstand (both hands now) and spread her 
limber legs until they were 180 degrees apart.  

   The older neighbor could feel his cock throbbing as her tight buns 
clenched and unclenched.  When she turned to face him, he was staring right 
at her crotch, loving the way her uniform creased into her tender young 
pubes.  She flipped once more, sticking her landing with her hands held 
high.



   Carol loved gymnastics and was delighted at the sound of the old black
man clapping.  "Wow! That was great!  You sure look like a champion to me!"

   Larren had to fight to keep from drooling at the sight of the pretty 
young girl with her perfect little body.  Carol put one hand on his arm and 
raised her leg to him.  "Feel these muscles Mr. Larren, my thighs are like 
steel!"

   The black man didn't waste the opportunity, and started feeling her 
strong young thigh.  They WERE like steel, but he also noticed her skin was 
tanned, and silky smooth without a trace of hair.  He was sure that she 
shaved her little cunt and was working his hand up to her crotch, when she 
pulled away with her big eyes locked on his.  Without asking she put her 
hand on his thigh and squeezed.

   "Geez Mr. Larren, no wonder Bubba is so big and strong, he takes after 
you!  You're built like steel too!"  Now it was her turn to feel him up.  
Carol thought she was feeling his leg, but what she handled through his 
pants was his rockhard ten inch cock.  

   Her small hand kept squeezing.  For a second, she wondered if it could be
his cock, but she never having seen one yet she just figured that he had 
large thigh muscles like his son.  Larren was glad he was boxer shorts that 
allowed his black member access down the side of his leg.  "Squeeze a little 
lower darlin', I can make my thigh muscle throb."

   "Okay."  Carol moved her hand down and kept moving her up and down the
shaft.  She had never felt anything like it.  She kept squeezing and could 
feel that it was gettting bigger.  The little girl wasn't a complete dunce
but, her friend, Brandi, had already told her that guys things were only 
five inches at best.  His would have to be almost twice that size and that
just wasn't possible.  Ninety-nine percent confident of Brandi's expert
advice and experience, the beauty tilted her head and rationalized.  

   "Mr. Larren, are you sure this is alright, I mean this is your leg isn't
it?"  Her mind began to race.  It had been a while since she had gone this
far with the man.  A small inner voice pushed her while another voice told
her the man was stuffing his pants or something.  No man could be that big.

   "No, Carol, you know what that is."

   The tiny darling laughed, but didn't release her grip.  "YEAH right!, 
No way! that can't all be you!  Daddy, I think your special muscle always
needs relief."

   "Ten Kisses?"  He tickled the girls memory, she had never stopped 
'relieving his tension' and never figured out what she was squeezing. 
He was convinced that Carol had told herself that the man could not 
possibly have such a monster organ.

   "Of course Daddy, anytime."  Her head was lifted up to his  when and he 
lowered his head to try and kiss the young girl when she heard a familiar 
voice from across the street.

   "Carol Opal Brazil!  Get yourself in the house and start dinner right 
this minute!"

   It was her mother Opal, who although she managed a full five two in her 
ever present stiletto heels, she was far bustier then her daughter.  Also,
because she wore such high heels she had to take small steps and that 
caused her big tits to jiggle and her small tight ass to shake even more 
as she crossed the street to order her teasing daughter home.

   "Aww Mom, I was just showing Mr. Larren, some of my routines."

   "No backtalk dear, now get!"  She turned to Bubba Larren who was already
undressing her with his eyes.  "Mr. Larren, I have to talk to you."

   Bubba confronted her.  "Ah, Opal, you know you can call me Bubba."

   "I don't think so.  I have no intention of getting that friendly with 
the likes of you."

   Larren squinted his eyes, feeling anger well up.   When she needed help
she had always seemed friendly enough.  But ever since her big promotion, 
the sexy little widow seemed too high and mighty for the big black junkman  
"Okay, come in the house.  No need for the neighbors to hear you ranting."

   "WELL I NEVER...!"  Opal jiggled her sexy little body into his house.  
She started to speak but the black man held up a hand.  "Waitaminnit.  
BUBBA! Get your tired ass out here."

   The house shook a bit as his son ambled down the stairs.  Opal felt faint
as his son came down the stairs wearing only a pair of cutoff jeans.  Her 
fat nipples hardened at the sight of his son.  He was an inch taller then 
his father and his six foot six frame wasn't skinny, but rippled with solid
muscles as if he had been working out with weights since they day he was 
born.  He looked more like a greek god, then her daughters 'little pal' as
she called him.  After seeing him like this, she would never think of him 
the same way again.  

   "Yeah Pop?  Oh hi Mrs. Brazil."  The big lad watched her nod politely
while listening to his father orders.  He wasn't even aware that she was
mentally undressing him with her eyes.

   "Get some money from the jar, go the store, get two steaks, a paper and
 a six pack of beer."

   "The steaks sound good, Pop, but what are you gonna eat?"

   "Both steaks are for me.  Be lucky I feed your black ass at all.  Now 
get going."  The two were all each other had and they teased each other 
constantly but there was no mistaking who was the elder and had the respect 
of his son.

   "I'm going to get Carol to go with me.  Can I stop off at the Arcade?"
    
    Larren turned to Opal, who nodded politely.  In spite of her change of
feelings toward the elder Larren, she would never dream of intruding between
her daughter and her life long buddy.
    
    The father didn't say another word until the door shut two minutes 
later.  "Now what's this all about?" Larren sat not offering his reluctant
guest a seat.    
    
    Opal didn't hesitate. "You know good and well what I'm talking about. You
would've raped my daughter if I hadn't stopped you."

    Bubba Sr. smirked, "HAH!  It wouldn't have been rape after the first 
five minutes."  He sat back waiting for her response.  He didn't have to
wait long.  The fuming mother closed the distance to the seated man.

    Opal slapped the man as hard as she could.  It shook her when she 
noticed that it didn't faze him in the least.  "YOU DISGUSTING BLACK 
BASTARD!  HOW DARE YOU TALK ABOUT MY CAROL LIKE THAT!"

   His eyes seared right into her.  "You better get a clue.  Your daughter 
is hot to trot.  If its not me, then it'll be my boy.  But I figure that 
she's so damn ripe, she'll suck the first dick put in front of her and 
then beg for more!"

   Opal could feel tears welling up in her eyes.  "HOW CAN YOU SAY..."

   "Shut up Opal!  Here's the deal.  If you don't want me porking your 
daughter, then maybe you can take up the slack.  Suck my ten inch cock and 
maybe I'll leave your daughter alone."

   Her eyes darted downwards at sound of the mans words.  "Ten...Ten inches?"

   "That's right!  Ten fat inches of black dick.  I know you, Opal.  A hot 
little number like you needs to be fucked regularly.  But I know you haven't
been banged since your little hubby passed away."  Bubba reached out and 
started molesting her fat breast as he kept up the pressure.  "C'mon Opal,
suck me off now and I might just leave your daughter alone."

   The woman knew she should've slapped his hand away, but she didn't.
Her head became confused and tainted with raw lust at the thought of being
blackmailed for sex.  Her head was swimming.  Her eyes kept darting down
toward the black mans crotch and she could see how his cock was now tenting 
toward her.  She put a hand on his wrist to push his hand away, but she was 
already feeling  weak at the knees at the thought of the mans massive 
machine.   She knew he was right.  It had so very long since she been taken 
by a man.  The same hint of nymphomania that caused her first marriage once
again began to assert itself.  She knew that over the years, she had managed
to hold off her burning desires, closing down her erotic feelings lest they
rule her again.  The lovely widow tried to muster some fight but it came out
a mere whimper.

   "Please... don't do that!  Don't touch me like that!  You don't know what
you are doing to me...you just don't know!"

   "Sure I do, Opal!  I know exactly what I'm doing and so do you.  On your   
knees Mrs. Brazil.  Get on your knees and suck my cock!"   

   Bubba's big hand slid from her breast to her shoulder and pressed down 
with firm steady pressure.  It was a pressure that she had felt many times
before.  The big titted woman slowly sank down till she was on her knees.
Opal knew what the man wanted and the very thought of it made her want the
same thing too.

   "Take it out, Mrs. Brazil.  Don't make me wait."

   She obeyed his command like a sex slave.  Her slender hands were shaking 
as she went to his top snap, and then struggled to pull his zipper down over 
the obscene tent in front of her face.  When she tugged his pants his down 
letting them to fall to his ankles, the fat prick sprang out and smacked 
her chin!

   Opal's eyes were wide as saucers and her moouth opened an in audible gasp
while the huge black dick bucked and pulsed before her gorgeous face.

   "OHMIGAWD!  ITS...ITS SO BIG!  I NEVER DREAMED!!"  The woman caught
herself and tried to calm her voice.  "I...I don't want to but I'll do it
for my daughter's sake."

   Bubba smirked knowlingly at the lovely widow as her head leaned forward 
and started to engulf the fat cockhead.  Her lips were already stretched 
full when she made it past the crown and clamped down, drawing in her cheeks, 
while both of her small hands milked the thick shaft.  Without any prodding 
she kept turning her head to swallow more dick, stopping only when she 
choked on the fat chocolate shaft.

   Bubba held the woman's head like it was a coconut in his big paw.  "MMMmm,
Opal.  You suck dick pretty good.  But you can't take it all."

   In spite of her weak defense, Opal eyed the giant mushroom knob, her mind
betrayed her into acting as if this were just another lover before her.
She looked up at the big man and winked.  This was a direct challenge to
her cocksucking skills and she threw herself into the act with a frenzy. 
The widow used to give head to her late husband every day, but she had never
had one this big before and it delighted her.  Even though his cock was so 
fat it painful to inhale another inch, she wouldn't quit.  Back and forth, 
tounge traveled, squeezing his nutsack with one hand and milking his black 
dick with other.   His precum was even more her little mouth could handle as
it leaked from the sides, soaked her chin and dripped onto her blouse.

   Bubba eyed the top of her bobbing head and taunted the little woman.
   "Nothing like a married woman when it comes sucking dick.  You bitches
are already trained."   

   Opal raised her head for just a second, pulling out the mans turgid 
member with both hands.  Her lips were sore as she mouthed the words 
"You are so crude, Mr. Larren.", before working her way back down and 
filling her mouth with thick black meat.

    "Yeah, but you like it rough you little bitch. MMmmMWhoa, I'm 'bout
ready to cash in my chips Opal!"

    "UBUBBUBA <CHOKE!!> ULLMPH!!<GAG! CHOKE!> UBUBBUBA <CHOKE!!> ULLMPH!!
    <GAG! CHOKE! CHOKE!! CHOKE!!!>"
     
    "JERK AND SUCK, YOU LITTLE RICH BITCH, JERK AND SUCK!"

    "<CHOKE! CHOKE! CHOKE!>
    
    "OPAL!, HERE IT CUMS!!!"

    "<CHOKE! WHIMPER! CHOKE>!"

    Throwing his head back, he released a torrent of cum and continued to
unload, shuddering in the little widows mouth, unloading then shuddering 
again until her mouth filled and the excess backed up and flowed from the 
little beauties twin nostrils in thick white rivers of sperm.  Opal 
could no longer breathe and had to chose between breathing and swallowing 
cum.   She chose to chug sperm over oxygen and felt like she passing out 
when the man's fat dick slimed from her mouth and sent a final burp of semen
across the bridge of her tiny nose.

    Opal Brazil collasped and looked up at the well hung man.  She could see
his cock was already gaining strength and barely deflated.  "Goodness, You
can't want more!  My husband used to fall asleep after I sucked him off."

    Larren laughed.  "I ain't your husband Honey. You just got me warmed for 
up the main course. Y'know Opal, you suck dick like a little pro.  Its time 
to see if you fuck like one too!"

   The lovely widow could feel her cunt beginning to spit juices as her 
large eyes widened on his rapidly tool.  "But, please, Bubba..."

   "YOU CALL ME MR. LARREN."

   "Yes, Mr. Larren.  Please now, I've sucked off your big machine.  But you
can't honestly expect me to fuck a black man."

   Larren grabbed her shoulders again and shook her hard.  He had to crouch 
to kiss her neck, feeling the woman mold herself to his body.  He pulled 
away and shook her again.  "You'll fuck this black man and like it.  I think 
we'll just start off with a titfuck before we really get to screwin'."  
   
   Without another word he ripped open her thin blouse exposing a jet black
bra that seemed to be overflowing with breastmeat as if her brassiere were 
two sizes too small.  She tried to hide them by putting her arms together, 
but only succeeded in mashing them upward letting her fat nipples peek out 
from the top.

   "GEEZUS OPAL!  YOU GOT A HUMDINGER SET OF HOOTERS!  HOW BIG ARE THOSE 
JUGS?  MUST BE AT LEAST A PAIR OF 40'S!"

   The lovely young widow dropped her arms realizing that her breasts were 
just too large to hide.  "If you must know, they ARE 40 double D!  And if 
you are going to insist on this...this rape, to save my daughter, at least
let me take off my skirt or do you want rip those off too?"
 
   The widower leered.  "It's not like you have a choice, Opal."  With one 
large hand he reached out and grabbed the waistband of her skirt ripping the
fabric from her tiny luscious form.  "Mmmm, thigh high stockings, not panty
hose.  Pretty sexy, Mrs. Brazil.  Now turn all the way around so I can have
a good look, but not too fast."

   Like a slut doing a lap dance, she twirled slowly, making sure that the 
black man got a good look at her offerings.  Without being told, she shed 
her panties and stood naked before him, weapring nothing but her lust and
three inch heels.  Her eyes locked on his fat penis which had now grown to
its full ten inch length.  She could feel her mouth water as she thought of 
what the huge member would do to her tiny panting body.  As if she were 
hypnotized, she stepped to the man and stuttered.  "If...If you want a 
molest my breasts with that awful thing of yours I...I'd better suck a bit 
more first."

   Larren reached out and carresed her smooth shoulders as moved into place.
"Yeah, I think you better.  You're gonna wanna slick me cuz I'm kinda big."

   Opal Brazil whispered under her breath.  "You're not big.  You're HUGE!"
Her tiny hands held the black sceptre like a giant corncob as she bathed it
with her tiny tounge.  She couldn't help but let out a moan. "Uhnnnn, yes!
It's been so long, so very long...Uhnnnnn!"  The tiny widow continued to 
bathe the thick member, letting the precum wipe a clear streak of precum 
across her cheek.  When his black cock was totally bathed in her own spit, 
she clamped her giant tits on either side of the man's thick black peg.  
And began slowly fucking his big black dick between her massive globes.  

   The big mans voice shook her a little, but she was enjoying being used 
and dominated by the sons father.  "You're a damn sexy woman, Opal.  I've 
been waiting a long time to get a piece of you."  The little widow wanted 
to answer but she was too busy enjoying the standup titfuck.  Tried as she
might she couldn't avoid being hit in the chin by the mans apple sized cock
head on every upstroke when the man thrust into her twin manmagnets.

   The feeling was smoother then he thought, nastier then he thought and 
even better then he imagined.   Her skin was like her daughters.  Baby soft 
and without a single blemish.  As his precum leaked from his ten inch 
babymaker, it slickened the valley and the two were like a well oiled 
machine.  The big dicked man could feel will breaking too soon as her soft 
skin masturbated him to the brink of climax.   "You better start now, Opal." 

   THe little widow looked up at him, her big eyes locking on his.  "Mmm, 
yeah mmmm...Start what Mr. Larren?"

  "Begging.  Beg me to fuck you, Mrs. Brazil.  You know you want to, so
you best get to it!  If you don't beg, I won't lean you over and make you
my new girlfriend."  The big man could feel her heat.  He had never felt
such sexual waves wash over him.  

   Opal wanted to tell him to go to hell, but her red hot cunt was exerting 
its control over the tiny woman.  It started almost against her will, then 
broke like a dam.  "I...won't...I...uuuhhnnn, yes so good, so big.  Fuck me,
fuck me hard, lean me over, make me your new girlfriend."  Just like it
had affected her mother and daughter, the hormonal instincts that she had
barely managed to contain burst forward.  Her polite speech gone, she
gripped hard and spewed her lewd desires out loud.

  "FUCK ME AND FUCK ME GOOD.  MAKE ME A WOMAN, YOU BIG DICKED BASTARD, I
WANT BE SCREWED BY THAT MONSTER COCK AND I WANT TO BE SCREWED NOW!"

      The sexpot forced her head down and started to suck as hard as she 
could.  Larren had to force her from his thick penis, flinging the sexy 
little widow onto the floor.  Without any further bidding, she spread open
her legs and cocked her knees up in anticipation of being fucked.  "C'MON,
THIS IS WHAT YOU WANTED, NOW COME AND GET IT, YOU BLACK BASTARD!"  Gone 
was any veil of hesitation, gone was any hint of decorum.  Her hot blooded
nature ruled her mind and her blackmailing neighbor now ruled her body.

   Larren's grin turned into an obscene leer.  He dropped to his knees 
letting his huge pole glide along his silky skin.  "Damn, you're soft, you 
rich bitch.  Now take black cock!"  He thrust his hips forward and the fat 
mushroom knob in her opening, snapping both of their heads back in carnal
pleasure.

   "AH Shit!  You're little Opal, gonna have to screw you slow to get it 
all in!"   

   "UHNNN!  WORK IT IN! WORK IT IN! OWWW! easy there...EASY!  FEELS LIKE...
LIKE A FENCE POST!"

   The black man thrust forward again, bursting through her already soaked
opening.  Half of his dick poured and stopped as it seemed to wedge shut in 
the gooey opening of her slit.  Even with only half of the giant planted in
her smooth vagina, she felt absolutely stuffed.  Her legs shot up, with a
high heeled ankle by each of his ears.  Her body began to twitch and buck as
more black meat continued to pour into her.  When he finally planted every 
last bit of his ten inch prick inside her, she began to jerk and buck as if
she'd been hit by electric shock in a divine mixture of pleasure and pain!

   The feeling of the gyrating widow was like heaven to the stud who leered
down at her like he was her master.  The tightness of her sweet pussy almost
sent him over the edge.  "GEEZUS OPAL! DIDN'T THAT RUNT HUSBAND OF YOURS 
EVER SCREW YOU?  YOU'RE TIGHT AS A VIRGIN!"

    The crude comment stung her, but another spasm hit her as she began to
babble.  "UHN, NO! NOT LIKE THIS, NOT LIKE THIS!  YOU'RE TOO BIG! YOU'RE TOO
BIG!  YOU'RE TOO GAWDDAMN BIG!"

   "YOU'LL TAKE IT, OPAL AND THEN BEG FOR MORE!  YEAH! SHIT YEAH!"   The 
powerful man began to thrust into her in earnest, hitting rock bottom.  She
arched her back and turned her head from side to side as she took his ebony
member again and again.  Each blast from his hips and the couple would scoot 
a bit along the floor.  The rough carpet hurt her ass and turned it red as 
his giant balls slapped into her ass over and over.

   Larren enjoyed the domination and humilation of the woman.  She had put
on airs for way too long and now he wanted to put her in her place.  As he
always did, the man talked as he pumped her.

   "<GRRrrr>C'mon, Opal, your little hubby ever touch here (UHN!)!  Feels
like new pussy to me."

  It was humilating.  In spite of the circumstances, she did care about her
husband, but his memory was quickly being erased.  She knew that man was
hitting spots that her husband never came close to touching.  Her voice
was weak and pathetic.  "No...no", she admitted, "Never like this, not
even close."

   The little woman big tits began moving in circles that only large teeters
can give.  While screwing her, he would suck and nurse on her jugs, and feel 
her sharp nails along his backs beckoning him to screw her even harder.  He 
loved the way she moaned and whimpered, twisted and jerked as she wriggled 
on his ten inch prick like a fish on a hook!

   The man kept up his obscene commentary as he screwed the lovely young 
widow unmercilessly.  "FUCKIN' JACK A!  YOU'RE NO DEAD FISH!  TALK TO ME, 
OPAL! TALK TO ME!  WHOSE DICK DO YOU LOVE MORE? MINE OR..."

   The little widow didn't hesistate.  "YOURS! OH SHIT, YOUR DICK SO BIG!"

   "DAMN RIGHT IT IS!  C'MON RICH BITCH, TELL ME MORE OR I'LL STOP BANGING
YOUR SEXY LITTLE ASS!"

   "UHN UHN UHN! NO! PLEASE! DON'T STOP!  KEEP FUCKING ME, YOU BIG DICKED 
BASTARD!  HIS DICK WAS TINY!  YOU GOT THE DICK OF A MAN!  A REAL MAN!"

   "WHO DO YA LOVE, OPAL?"

   "UHN UHN UHN! YOU! I LOVE YOU AND THAT BIG MACHINE!  DRILL ME AND CUM ON
MY FACE!  FUCK ME IN THE ASS!  WHAT EVER YOU WANT I'LL DO, JUST DON'T STOP!"

   Her eyes widened as tremors of climax began wracking her luscious body, 
the little woman had never felt anything like it before.  The more he 
screwed her the more she wanted to be screwed.  The dam that had been 
building in her cunt exploded making her body vibrate and shake.  Her 
silky legs rubbed along his shoulders, her sexy high heels dangled from 
her pointed toes as orgasm after orgasm washed over her.  Her tiny cunt 
began gripping at the huge invader, milking him over and over.

   Her Big dicked black neighbor was getting off never before.  He had known
that Opal would be a hot piece of ass, but he had no idea that the prim and
proper widow, could fuck like two dollar whore on a sailors payday.   Her
gripping cunt was the smallest he had ever banged and it was all he could
do to keep from cumming with her.  He grabbed both of her ankles in one hand,
taking a second to enjoy the sexy sight, before popping his huge organ free.

   "NOOO!  PLEASE DON'T STOP!  PLEASE DON'T STOP!"  Her big jugs continued 
to float and wobble as if she was still being fucked.  Finally as her climax
subsided, she raised up on her elbows, her sexy legs still spread, her 
nipples still like giant cherries on contracted areola.

   Larren gripped the base of his giant cock and squeezed to stop the flow 
of jism from his balls.  "Get up, Opal."  He commanded.  "Get up and lean
over the couch.  Its time to buttfuck your rich sexy ass."

   Opal looked at the ten inch dick that turned a aloof respectable woman 
into an absolute slut.  As she spoke she could feel her lips still swollen 
from the cocksucking he had forced her to do.  Her small cunny ached and 
was still sore from the pounding he had given her.  Her mother had told
her never to submit this way.  Never from behind as if she were some wild
animal.  It caused her to hesitate.

   "Doggystyle, Mr. Larren?  Please...no...can't we..."

   Larren remained ruthless.  "Either you doggystyle or someone much
younger, you make up your mind."

She made up her mind almost immediately.  He was mean, savage and showed no
hint of remorse for what he was doing.  'Damn him, he's so controlling',
were her thoughts, but her body loved submitting to male orders and it
showed as she answered him.

  "Yes, Mr. Larren.  Of course, Mr. Larren."  She intentionally took small
steps to make her body jiggle for her well hung attacker.  She leaned over 
the couch and craned her neck around to face the stiff hard on that was 
already zeroing in her ass.  When his large hand placed itself on her soft
shoulder to hold her steady, she spoke meekly to the giant man.   

   "Mr. Larren...Dear?"

   Larren was already rubbing his fat shaft over her small butt.  The only 
one smaller ass that he could think of belonged to the womans teenage 
daughter.  Now he see could where Carol got her sexy shape even if she 
didn't inherit her Mothers enormous jugs.  "Yeah, Opal, what is it?"

   "Thank you for taking me the way a woman should be taken.  If you really
want my ass, well then my asshole is yours, but try and not to make it
bleed."

   "No Promises Opal!  Get ready, cuz here it comes!"

   Opal was used to being assfucked from her late husband, so her little 
anus was not virgin territory.  Indeed, she thought to herself, she was 
lucky to have gotten married when she did.  After marriage she was a slut, 
but only to her devoted husband who did all he could to keep up with his 
overamourous wife.  The little widow with the fat jugs did everything her
husband demanded, anal, oral facials and of course tit fucking.  But since
her husbands death those eight years ago, she had buried her natural slutty
nature.  The times she had sex now was quite different.

Little Opal Brazil knew how she had used to sex to get her powerful position
at the condom company, but those midnight excursions were just appetizers, 
something to keep her from going over the edge.  Now her black neighbor had
pushed all of her buttons, pushed her over the edge and into the jungle of
sexual fufillment.  

   Her head snapped back as she felt the huge press steadily at the door of
her bunghole, she felt a slight tear, a sharp pain and then it came.

   Larren held the woman still as poured half of his stalk into her.  He 
could feel the widow Brazil, trembling on the verge of collaspe, so he 
hooked his arms underneath hers, and taking hold of her jugs, lifted her 
so that her feet no longer touched the ground.  The lovely little widow 
screamed at the top of her lungs!
 
    "EIAHHHHHHHEEEE!!!!  NO MORE! NO MORE!  PLEASE TAKE IT OUT! TAKE IT 
OUT!!  MY ASS IS...IS ON FIRE!!!"

   Larren grunted once.  "Take it Bitch!"  Lifting her like that, the 
little woman slid the rest of the way onto his thick rockhard rod, but
with her feet not touching the ground it like she was being impaled through
her asshole.  The black stud waited until the widow collasped before leaning
her back over the couch

      Bubba looked down at the slutty little widow squirming her tiny butt.  
He actually had to turn his head away before he shot his wad all over her 
upturned ass cheeks. Opal herself was glad for the moment of rest, amazed at
the older mans staying power, his stamina and over all horniness.  For the 
tiny woman It was the last bit of thinking that she was able to do when pain 
began wracking her body and it all started in her tiny anal opening.  Opal 
quickly tried to crawl away.  "NOOOO!!!  STOP!!! IT WON'T FIT!!! IT'S...ITS 
TOO BIG SIR!"

   The black stud would have none of it.  He held the sexy little widow
by her waist as he had no intention of cumming anywhere but up her ass!  
   "Now then Opal, remember our deal.  Either I fuck you or your daughter.
Besides, you know want this!"

   "PLEASE SIR!! I...I WAS WRONG!!  ITS TOO BIG!! IT ...IT WON'T FIT CUZ 
YOUR DICK IS TOO BIG SIR!!!   

   The man's voice bellowed in her ears and startled the little fuck minx.
"REACH BACK AND OPEN YOUR ASS CHEEKS, Opal!"


   Opal the trampy little widow, who before this day only had known her
husband, was obeying her new master before she even thought of his command.
Her hands made a splat sound as she smacked her rounded ass when she held 
her own asscheeks open so the man could fully sodomize her.

   Bubba smiled.  The little dickqueen was going to love his big dick up her
ass.  He thrust forward and lodged the head into the tiny opening.  Even 
though Opal continued to squirm and whimper, He grinded forward mercilessly
till the head popped through the young woman's shithole.  The pain to the 
pleading little slut was blinding when all of a sudden, the pain was
replaced with pleasure as her assaulter tugged his massive from her asshole 
and shoved it up her buttery cunt.

   Opal started squealing sounds of joys as the beefstalk that had ruined 
her tiny nookie now bestowed unbelieveable pleasure.  She yelped on each 
stroke, thankful the raping of her asshole was over.  "ALP!! ALP!! ALP!!  
OOOOoooOOOHHH THANK YOU SIR!  ARRRGH!!!"

   Just as quickly as her orgasm was welling up, the pain returned except 
this time, it worsened as the black stud planted more of dick inside of Opal
Brazil.  This time aided by her own pussy juices, the gigantic black cock
poured into her until his goosegg sized balls battered against her tiny 
pussy and her asshole was packed with thick chocolate meat.

   Opal's body began to quake and quiver as she felt her body being slowly 
moved back and forth on the black dick.  Indeed, Bubba had her by the hips 
and was slowly packing and unpacking his giant cock into the woman's tiny 
asshole.  No matter how the poor woman squirmed, no matter how much she 
whimpered, there was no escape.  Opal bleated a whine of humilation as the 
jumk man slowly, mercilessly sodomized her now well fucked asshole.

   "AWwwWW!!! NOOoooO!!! PUT IT BACK IN MY PUSSY, SIR!!!

   Opal's body continued to shake and buck as the superendowed stud fucked 
her tiny rectal opening.  She could feel her insides reforming to make room 
for the massive invader as her new stud moved her back and forth, impaling 
her on his thick peg.  For Opal it was sheer agony, for the stud, it was 
pure pleasure.

   "C'MON OPAL!  YOU ASKED FOR IT!! NOW TAKE IT!!!  TAKE MY BIG BLACK DICK
YOU LITTLE BITCH!!

    He carressed the silky ass cheeks as he fucked her little asshole and 
waited.  Sure enough, a tingle of pleasure and bliss started up Opal's spine
causing the little tramp to pause for a second and heedless of the danger to
herself, hunched her little butt back toward her Black master helping him
to ravage her no longer virgin ass.

    It was just what the stud had waited for, now with the little sluts help,                                                                 
he began to fuck the womans asshole harder.  Before, each stroke brought     
incredible pain, each now banging of her butt by the massive rod brought 
indescribable pleasure.  The little widow released her asscheeks and held
onto the table while her sodomizer continued to ravage her overstuffed anus.
    
    The sexstarved widow voice pleaded with him.  "UHN!!! UHNUHN!!! 
UHHHHHN!!!  OOOOHHHH YESSSS!!!! FUCK MY ASS!!! FUCK ME!!! UHN!!!"

    This is what the super hung stud was waiting for.  He wanted to hear 
Opal Brazil the once innocent little widow, part time secretary and prim
and proper woman, now begging for him to fuck the big tittied slut in her 
own ass.  Without her hands to hold her ass cheeks open the lush globes of
her unblemished butt caressed the husky shoulders of the huge prick every 
time it invaded her rectum.  

    The scraping of the her fat nipples against couch cushions, the banging
of the huge nutsack into her tiny nookie, the relentless drive of the steel
hard monsterous member raping her asshole over and over had brought the tiny
slut to the brink of her first anal orgasm, she pleading with him to drive 
her over the edge.  Nothing else mattered to her. Nothing!

    The man knew what she needed.  She needed to feel dominated.  He moved 
forward cramming every last inch of his black foot long dick into her ass.
Then holding the little woman still with one huge hand, he delivered a swat
to her bucking asscheek.  

    Opal's head shut up, her eyes opened wide as it felt the huge dick now 
embedded firmly in her ass was going come out of her mouth.  The orgasm was
building to a crescendo when she felt the first many swats to her naughty
little ass.  Each swat made her crawl away only to be ass fucked, spanked 
and assfucked time again.  The repeating sodomizing of her asshole combined
with the spanking pushed her over the edge.  She tried to gurgle out a few 
words but it was interupted by the punishing club in her ass!

   "...UHN!!!...I'M CUMMMMMMMING...UHN!!!......UHN!!!...OHHHHH THANK YOU,
MASTER...UHN!!!...THANK YOU SIR!"

   Bubba shook his head and marveled at the tiny slut.  The tramp with her
body jerking and bucking, quivering and quaking, still managed to thank the
man for raping her own asshole.  It was when Opal in her zeal to get fucked
in the ass while cumming caused her new master to break with one of her 
tricks.

   The stud was in a great fuck rhythm punishing the poor womans tiny hole 
again and again, when he felt something smack him in the butt.  He looked
back and saw the stiletto heels of the tinyhouse wife beating a steady 
tattoo rhythm on his butt cheeks everytime he churned into her ass.  The
harder he fucked Opal, the harder her own little heels would push into his
ass.

   The tight little asshole, the woman wriggling around on his dick like a 
fish while whimpering on every stroke, the feel of the leathery heels
spanking him while he fucked the shit out of the tiny girl and the silky
smooth globes of her perfect asscheeks milked and massaged the humongous
black dick bringing his own climax upon him.

   "UHN UHN!!  I'M CUMMING Opal!!!"

   "UHHHHHN!!!  OOOOHHHH YESSSS!!!! FUCK MY ASS!!! FUCK ME!!! UHN!!!"
                          
   "UGN!  TAKE THAT BIG DICK YOU LITTLE SLUT!"
     
   "UHN!!! UHN!!! YES MASTER, UHN!! UHN!!!"

   Opal could feel the massive shaft and fat cockknob getting bigger until
she thought she would pass out from the pressure on her anal walls, she
froze and then went into convulsions as the giant chocolate beefstalk 
exploded in her ass.  Opal shook as the stud bellowed above her, grinding
and pumping her ass.

   "TAKE THAT CHOCOLATE MEAT, YOU LITTLE SLUT!!"
   A wince from Opal at the humiliating comment.  She ignored the slight,
considering the source on one hand and too overwhelmed with lust on the
other. The widow's little ass was already filled with dick butter and now
with the gigantic blast into her tiny rectum, there was no room for any more
sperm and it gushed out quenching the fire in her ass.  Blast after blast 
filled the spasming anus which now locked around the head of the huge dick 
while her asscheeks continued to flex, milking the rest of the cum from her 
stud.

   The two continued writhing, wringing out the most from thier mutual 
orgasm.  Regretfully, the pussyhound dismounted from the woman.  The little 
tramp quickly scooted around so that she sat on the edge of the couch.  She
used both hands to grasp the shaft of the deflating dick.  She held the head
inches from her lips and looked up at her sodomizing master with her sexy 
too large eyes.

   Her tone was humble.  "Goodness, I..I've never been fucked like that before
in all of my years of marriage."  She gently starting stroking the fat cock
again.  "Will you fuck me now, instead of my little Carol?"

   The big man looked down at her.  "I won't as long as you keep coming over
to take my edge off.  It's a mighty big edge."

   Opal starting feeling the mans muscles.  "A mighty big edge indeed.  It's
blackmail that I think I can get used to."  The lovely widow looked at the
clock on his wall.  "I had better get home.  Carol and your son may be back
soon.  When do you want to me come over and relieve you again"

   Larren smiled.  "Tomorrow night, about midnight after my boy is in bed.
Oh, and bring your red heels. I been watching you too long not to enjoy you
in them."

   The little woman appeared to bow ever so slightly.  "Yes, Mr. Larren. 
High heels, red.  I have matching underwear, will that be alright?"

  Her large black neighbor nodded.  "For starters.  Y'know Opal, you ain't
too bad a broad.  You just need to get it regular."  He stretched out a bit.
"Now get me a cigarette outta my pants and make it fast."

   Opal knew the crudeness of the man was without limits, his arrogance and
danger without bounds.  But he fulfilled her heady desires and satisfied
her completely.  Her smile was as shaky as her legs.  For her there could
be only answer.   "Why of course Mr. Larren."
                  

********************************
  Chapter nine--Destiny beckons
  [BACK TO PRESENT]
********************************
   
   Little Carol snuggled up to the man who had just busted her cherry.
The actual act was non consentual rape that had turned very consentual.
She knew now that any fantasies she had about the older man would now
have the spice of reality.

"Now I know why Mom's so easy going lately."  She sat up suddenly snapping
her fingers.  "And why she has been dressing so extra sexy.  She's been..."

   Larren finished for her.  "...coming over here so I can bang her at 
least twice a week.  It seems that no can give it to her like I can so 
she slips over here and <heh heh> services me, if you know what I mean?"  
He snuffed his cigarette watching the little girl grimace over the 
smoke.  "Now for one more good fuck and I think I'll let you at my boy."

   Now it was Carol's turn to smirk.   She eyed the ten inch cock that was  
rock hard again.   "I don't think so sir.  You won't have the strength."  
Carol lunged for his crotch and wrapped both small hands around the shaft.
She thrust her head down and licking like crazy, she sucked the fat head 
into her small mouth.  Twisting her body she rubbed her crotch against the 
man leg while sucking him off.

   Larren could not believe the ferocity of the little dynamo.  She was on 
the attack, stuffing more of his big cock into her small mouth then she was 
supposed to be able to take.  The feeling was exquisite to the black man
and he knew that Carol had already become the equal to her mother in the 
cocksucking department.  He had planned to screw the youngster again, but 
was feeling his will beginning to slip as she sucked and jacked her best 
friends father trying to bring him off against his will.  The black man 
grabbed her ponytail, trying to lift the pretty face that was now buried
in his crotch.

   Carol felt sparks in her crotch every time, the man pulled her pony 
tail.  It seemed like he was training her to suck cock by pulling on her
long mane.   He would tug and her mouth would automatically open further.

   "Damn your little ass, your making me cum too soon, stop so I can fuck 
you, you little minx!"

  The pintsized darling lifted her head for just a second before clamping 
her head back down on the fat cockhead.  "You trained me too well, Mister
Larren.  Give it to me, Sir."

  "Damnit I can't hold back!"

  "Feed me, Mr. Larren, Feed me! <SUCK SUCK CHOKE SUCK!>"  The first time  
the little honey had her head forced down by the her best friends father.  
She had no idea how to blow the big man.  Now she attacked him with a 
frenzy, sucking what she could and jacking what she could not.  The well 
hung old bull tried desperately to lift her head, pulling her ponytail 
again and again, but Carol loved the pulls, the feeling she was being used, 
yet also the feeling of power as she took what she wanted from the black 
man.  She could sense victory as the precum flowed into her mouth, filling 
it and slickening her chin with the clear fluid.

  Bubba Larren Sr. had more then his share of pussy in his life and more 
blowjobs then he could count. But he had never faced the small bundle 
of fury that defeated him that day.  He gripped her head with one hand, 
while the other picked up her bobbing pace.  He threw his head back and 
let out a bellow.  "AAAAAARGH!!!  DAMN YOU TAKE IT! TAKE IT ALL!"

   All at once he unleashed a steady of torrent of jism.  He watched as his
overflow filled her mouth and streamed from the sides of her mouth.  Once 
more he was treated to the sight of his thick white cum as it backed up in 
her tiny baby like mouth and flowed in twin rivers from each of her small 
nostrils.  Still, Carol would not quit sucking, would not quit jacking 
nor rubbing her childlike cunt against his leg until her orgasm burst 
from her crotch.  The old man collasped and sank backwards but Carol kept 
licking him, not caring that his sperm now soaked her nose as well.  When 
she finally lifted head her to catch a breath, they were both panting for 
air.  She back on her haunches, tucking small feet beneath her arse and 
lifted her hands like she claiming another gold medal in gymnastics.

  "I win, Mr. Larren, I win!"  Carol beamed her spermy smile.

  "Yeah dammit, you beat me fair and square."  The bull was a little miffed
but he knew he couldn't get his dick up now if he used a crane.  

  Carol reached down and pried her heels from her feet, stretching her tiny
peds.  "Now can I go see your son?"

   Larren smiled to himself.  The little gymanst was persistant.  "Yeah, go
to him.  But I better warn you, get ready for disappointment."

   Carol's smile left immediately.  "What do you mean, Mr. Larren?"

   The father's face turned a little grim.  "I went into his room the other
night and saw a book full of male bodybuilders.  I think he might be um ...
well.."

   Carol frowned.  She didn't want to believe all of the stories, but it was
true that she was the only girl he had ever been linked to.  He could have 
his pick of any girl in the school and yet he stayed with the 4'9" 70 pound 
pixie.  She hung her head down and picked up her long overcoat to hide her 
nakedness.  "Great, just great.  What am I gonna do?"

   Mr. Larren never even bothered to hide his nakedness.  He tweaked his 
long penis and saw no signs of life.  He stroked his chin, watching Carol 
use his bedsheet for a towel to clean up her messy face.  "Well, there is 
one way I can think of. If not, well, he's still my son and I won't give 
up on him even if he turns out to be a punk."

   The little gymnast rubbed her feet, still not used to wearing the 
highheel sandals.  "What can I do, Mr. Larren?"

   "You have to appeal his to his manhood.  For some reason, he always taken
a liking to you.  Never minded it myself, seeing that perfect little bod of
yours prancin' 'round here."

   After two blowjobs and a cherry taking fuck, little Miss Brazil still 
actually blushed at the compliment.  "Thank you, sir."

   The old black stud reached for a cigarette.  "You have anything you can 
tell him, maybe make him jealous. Maybe make him horny?"

   "I don't know about horny, but jealous?  I didn't tell him what happened 
to me cuz I didn't want to him tear these guys apart and get in trouble or 
worse because he is so gentle.  I'd hate it if he lost any scholarships cuz
of me."

   Larren took a puff from his cigarette, then reached under his matress for 
a secret flask of whiskey.  "Just tell him what happened, don't worry about
anything else.  He's big enough to care of himself....And one more thing."

   Carol had almost made it to the door.  "Yes sir?"

   "Honey, you go in there and whatever it takes, turn my boy into a man!"

   Carol put the long coat on, checked her high heels and opened the door.
  "Sir, I'll do my best!"



*********************************
   CHAPTER TEN  True Love
*********************************
   
   Carol tipped down the hallway.  She could see the light coming from under
closed door.  She could hear some steady creaking as she placed her ear on 
the door.  Without warning, she opened the door and confronted Bubba whose 
body was already covered with a fine sheen of sweat.  She saw her intended 
frantically scramble to put a book away but it slipped from his bed onto to 
the floor.
   
   The little girl swallowed a bit as she could see his fist holding the 
thin sheet just under his chest.  She padded toward him and picked up the
book reading the title to herself. 'How to have a Mr. Olympus Body'. 
The Pictures of well oiled body builders were obvious poses designed to
tantalize the viewer.

  Oh NO!

  Throwing caution to the wind.  She unbuttoned her coat and exposed her 
nakenedness to Bubba.  "Hello, Big guy! whatcha think?"  For once, she let
loose her ponytail until her thick long black mane flowed freely around her
muscle cut shoulders.

    Carol's body was more then firm.  It rippled with the muscles that had
made her a state gymnastics champion.  Her stomach wasn't just flat, it was
carved into a six pack of muscle.  Her thighs looked only slightly out of 
proportion due to their muscularity but were perfect with her round calves
that tapered down to suprisingly thin ankles, all of which looked even more
alluring, more erotic due to her three inch heels.

   All of which defered to her natural beauty.  No one ever knew if she was
american indian, oriental or hispanic, all it amounted to was a perfect 
tanned skin without a single blemish that was softer then baby soft could 
ever be. 

  Freshly fucked, she could feel sexuality radiating from her body.  Dogs 
barked, impotent men were aroused for a ten mile radius as little Carol 
Brazil unleashed it all on her gentle giant of a friend.  Almost out of 
place with her perfect tanned skin,  her cool blue eyes sent out hypnotic
waves, her small nose crinkled a bit as she smiled the killer smile in red
lipsticked lips that were still swollen from having sucked his fathers ten
inch black cock.  The same smile that wrapped him around her finger since
the pair were six years old.

   Bubba's response was ice cold.  "Shorty, I think you better go."

   "Bubba, I'm butt naked.  What the hell is wrong with you?"  She could 
feel tears streaming down her face.  Doncha want me?"

   "Believe me.  It wouldn't be any fun.  Now go!"

   The little miss had never heard anything so cold come from her best 
friend.  The little honey closed her coat to hide her nakedness and clothe 
her shame.  She remembered the words of his father who had just used her 
minutes before.  "Okay...okay I'll go.  But I have a problem.  Will you 
listen?"

   Bubba's eyes showed no hint of interest. "I'll listen. Then you should 
go."

   Her voice was soft, almost a whisper. "Yes Bubba.  It happened about a 
week ago.
   
   [ONE WEEK EARLIER]

   Once again the little darling was late for detention.  She knew that 
Rodson would come looking for her if she was too late and then she would 
find out what real trouble was.  She saw the shortcut and darted by the 
boysroom only to have her small body jerked back.

   The grip on her arm was hurting as she wrenched free.  She looked up and 
saw Alphonse Jones, the brother of her hated enemy, Latifah Jones with two 
of his cronies on either side of him.  "What are you in hurry fo' girl?  
Can't you say hi or sumptin'?"

  Carol looked up. "Hi. I gotta go."  She tried to go around tuffs, but the 
boys blocked her way.  "What is it Alphonse?"

   "Damn girl, you have to be so pissed off all the time?  I'm just here 
to do you a little favor."

  Carol narrowed her eyes.  "Like what?  I haven't got time for this."

  "I can get my sister off yo' back for starters.  Just do me a little
favor, Shorty."

   The little gymnast took two whole seconds to figure out what he wanted.
Carol pointed a tiny finger at the gang leader.   "I told you a hundred 
times, I gotta boyfriend.  You know, Bubba?  About ten feet tall and five 
hundred pounds."

   Alphonse shot back. "...and a total fag.  C'mon babee. I know yo fine ass
is ready for a real man.  After you try out me and the crew, you'll want to
be pullin trains for us EVERY night!"

   Carol felt two responses.  One her nipples became hard as cherries at 
the thought of being a man's plaything.  The second thought was one of 
revulsion.  The thought of doing anything sexual with Alphonse and his 
gang made her want to puke.  The little teen dropped all decorum and
became direct.

   "Fuck off Alphonse."

   Without warning the black teen pushed her back, when she tried to 
scamper away, the small girl was pushed again right into the boys bathroom.  Her 
books and papers spilled.   Carol's temper had gotten her into trouble 
more then once and her large eyes sought an avenue of escape,  but at 
the moment that thought entered her mind, three boys came through the 
only opening blocking the door.  She heard scuffling around her and 
quickly counted ten of the boys just hanging out.  Carol recognized 
each boy as one of Alphonse "Dawgs" gang.

   Carol's mind whirled.  The little gymnast was of the few who knew the
truth about the group of boys that had gangbanged a schoolmate of hers 
repeatedly.   Jones' voice snapped her back from her thoughts.  "Now then 
about that favor..."  

   The teen beauty tried to break several times, but each time, the boys
guarding the door just pushed her into the center of the circle.  Carol
felt like she surrounded by a pride of hungry teenage wolves! 

   From behind her a voice called out.  "Aww Shit Alphonse.  She can't be 
more then ten years old.  Look at her!"

   The black gangleader smirked.  "Naw homey, don't you follow sports?
This is Carol Brazil.  State Champion gymnast.  Don't let her small size 
fool ya.  We could be getting some Olympic poontang here."

   Carol tried to gather her strength.  She raised her head a little 
showing the gang, that she breathed different air.  Better cleaner air.  
For a moment there had been some scuffling and conversations on top of 
conversation.  When the gang realized their leader was right, the bathroom 
became silent for a moment and then it started from the back.

   One by one the comments came.
   "Carol Brazil? I always wanted a piece of that!"

   "That tiny chick with the hard body?  No way!  My dick won't fit, but
I'll try!"

   "Brazil?  The little gym slut?  I always wanted to lean that bitch over 
and buttfuck her ass"

   "Still looks like a ten year old to me.  I can't wait to fuck her!"

   The boys tightened the circle around her. Leering, making crude comments, 
even rubbing their teenage cocks through their pants.

   Carol knew she was trapped and thought of crying out, but she stuck with 
her plan.  "I don't think so.  When Bubba finds out about this, he's gonna
beat the crap out of every single one of you."

   Alphonse spat.  "He can't take all ten of us at once.  We're gonna beat 
the shit outta him and then gangbang your little ass again.  'This was
more like it, it's always better when they fight'.

    The tiny gymnast looked around and her eyes drifted quickly to their 
cock filled bulges.  Each one of the ten teenagers were already hardening in 
anticipation of fucking the youngster.  She looked back at Alphonse who 
smiled at her in triumph.  She knew that he was right.  Even her giant of a 
boyfriend wouldn't be able to take all ten of them at once.  Bubba was 
plenty big, but not too agressive and just not mean.  If she screamed, then 
her new lover would take a pounding he would never forget.  She decided 
then her one chance would be to bluff her way out.  If it worked she could 
escape and Bubba would be safe as well.

   "This is your last chance to let me go.  When I yell his name, Bubba 
will come running and no matter what, even if he goes down, I'll make sure
that he gets you first."

   Alphonse hesitated.  What if Carol were right?  The thought of facing 
the "Manchild" sent shivers through his body.  He looked at the smug look
on her face and her beauty made his choice for him.  "Fuck it! lets do it!"

   Carol couldn't believe it!  "What?!"

   The gangleader raised a hand.  Instantly the boys formed a circle.  "You
little shit.  This could've been easy on you, but now here's a little taste
of what you are gonna get!"  He reached for his zipper deliberately taking
his time.  He exposed his six inch black dick.

   The little darling looked at it for a second.  It reminded her of 
Tommy's dick just a little longer and not even as thick.  But even that
didn't matter she could feel her nipples hardening further and her crotch
becoming damp as the sight of an erect penis.

   She made her decision.  "I guess its not true about all black guys 
having big ones.  I've seen bigger on the kids I babysit!"

   "You little bitch!  I'm gonna have it all now.  A little hand job, then 
you are gonna suck me off.  After that, we're gonna pull a train on your 
little ass that you'll never forget!  Hold her guys, put her on her knees!"

   As if they've practiced a hundred times, two boys grabbed each shoulder,
while the gangleader moved forward grabbing her wrist.  Alphonse squeezed
her wrist and her hand opened .  Alphonse laughed as he easily placed  
his rod in her small hand.  She struggled with all her strength but the 
boys were just too strong as she went to her knees.

  Little Carol could feel her fear building by the second.  Her problem was
being forced to perform was turning her on.  She remembered her all the of
times her mother had trained her to fend off boys, but her head was quickly
spinning.  "No, Al! No!  I...I can't.. I..."

   Alphonse Jones the school tuff and bully could sense victory.  He loved
the chase and her haughty reluctance.  "Do it, you little bitch!  C'mon!
you know want to!"

   "No!"  Carol hated the teen but loved the feel of his dick in her hand.

   "Do it bitch, or your boyfriend will be the one to pay. Remember he can't
take all of us!  Now do it!"  Alphonse could sense the confusion and fear in
the girl.  He had seen it too many times before.  He closed his hand around 
the small girls tiny hand forcing her to hold his penis tight.

   "NO! Please...I...." With the leaders penis in her now masturbating hand.
Carol pumped it slowly and loved the feeling as it grew a little larger and
rockhard in her tender grip.  The strokes were slow and sexy and Carol could
feel herself giving in.
   
   Instinctively, her fingers closed around his black member while he 
forced her to bring him off.  She looked up in anger at Jones who was 
getting off at the sight of his prick just inches from her face while she
was forced to pump his cock.

   Jones himself smirked and gaffawed, "Gawddamn it feels good!  Her skin
is too soft!  Line up fella's! Line and get jacked off by Bubba Larren's 
gymnast bitch girlfriend!"

   Carol heard zippers aound being pulled and she knew they were exposing 
themselves to shock her, to make her gasp.  She fixed her eyes forward and
and they went wide as she could see the penis in her hand getting bigger. 
She shook as Alphonse Jones voice bellowed above her.

  "Dammit girl!  You got the softest hand I've ever had on my dick!  I
gotta get some head before I cum all over your fine face!  Open up girl!" 
Jones had seen this before.  While Brazil certainly was no victim, she
could be turned.  She could be broken.
  
  Little Carol was fighting the lust in her crotch, She shook her head but 
still jacked off her attacker.  Her eyes were pleading with him.  "NO! 
AL! NO!"

   "C'mon bitch give it up!"

   Alphonse gave a vicious tug on her ponytail.  Sparks flew from her 
crotch and her mouth opened wide in a mix of pain and pleasure.  Quickly
he thrust his hips forward and Carol barely managed to move her head out
of the way as his cock brushed along her chin and cheek.  Her fist only 
covered three inches of the teenagers cock leaving three inches free rub
to itself off on her cute baby face.  Around her she could her the cheers
of the boys pushing Alphonse on.

  "Hurry up Al! I want some of that."

  "Me next! Me next!  Look at her jack him off!"

  "Do it Al!  Cum all over the little bitches face!"

  Jones could feel his nuts tightening.  He could come at any time now, 
come all over the little beauty's face, but the gangleader wanted the 
complete victory of getting head from the little beauty.  His experience
had taught that his victims would be dazed, more submissive and more 
willing once they had sucked off his or any gangmembers penis.  His eyes
locked her on hers as he kept rubbing his cockhead on her gorgeous little
face with his dickhead while still recieving the forced hand job.

  "C'mon you little slut!"

  A small moan escaped from deep within her.  She didn't understand why 
such abused was turning her on so much!  "Uhnnn, Never, I'm...I'm not a
slut.  I'm saving myself for Bubba. Never!"

  "You know want to suck my dick you little bitch, now do it!"  With one 
final pull on her ponytail, he moved his dick forward straining to close 
the final distance to her mouth less then an inch away.  "You know you 
want to.  I've been keeping my eye on your fine ass girl.  Watchin' you 
bloom.  I know yo' ass is getting boycrazy right 'bout now.  I know that 
after you suck my dick you'll beg me to let you suck off my all my friends 
too!  Now quit struggling and do it!"

  Carol heard the words and knew he was right.  She was hot.  Hotter then 
she could ever remember.  All that boymeat, hard and ready.  Ready just for
her.  She started to lean her head forward when the yell came from the door.  
  
  It was Mule, one of the gangmembers. "Scatter you guys!  It's Rodson!"

  An a highschool instant, the three of boys made it out of the door as 
Rodson was coming in.  Rudely jerked to her feet, Carol was never so glad
as to see the portly old teacher.  His iron gaze surveyed the room.

   "What's going on here?"

   Jones quickly got behind the young girl to hide his stiff member.  He 
tried to grab her arm but she quickly jerked it forward.  Carol began to 
stutter "Mr. Rodson, these boys were..."

   Jones interupted.  "Gee Sir, Carol got lost it seemed and came in here 
for directions.  We were just trying to help her out."  

   Carol couldn't believe her ears as the boy lied through his teeth.  She 
looked up at Rodson, but hesitated when she felt something poke her in her
back.  All at once she felt her back become wet and she wondered why 
Alphonse was throwing water on her back.  

   Rodson held up his hands.  "Allright, that's enough.  I think everyone
better leave now."

   Jones quickly zipped up his deflated member into his pants.  "Yes sir. We
were just leaving anyway."

   Rodson watched the boys pile out, leaving Carol alone in the lavatory. 
The little honey's hair was messed up a bit as her pony tail was frayed 
from all of the activity.  Carol's high voice piped back.  "Mr. Rodson, 
those boys are lying.  They were trying to force me to...to.."

   The fat teacher held up a pudgy hand.  "I know, Miss Brazil.  Right now,
its your word against seven of theirs.  But for the record, I know you are
always late to class, but you have never lied to me, like those young 
ruffians have all of their lives.  Go home.  I have a feeling you've been 
through quite a bit today."

   Carol felt relieved.  She never knew that stodgy old disciplinarian held
her honor in such high regard.  She reached for a paper towel and handed it
to Rodson.  "Sir, I don't why but their leader, Alphonse threw some water or
something on my back, would you wipe it for me?"

   As she turned, the old man could see what it was immediately.  Jones had
ejaculated on her back.  It left no doubt as to what they were up too.  He
vowed that somehow, someway he would make sure they got their just deserts.
Grabbing the towel he gently picked up her ponytail, wiped it and her white
school uniform blouse clean.  "There you go, Miss Brazil.  I think you have
a fan waiting for you when you leave school.  He should be an adequate 
escort from those boys."  As he crumpled the towel he couldn't help but 
sneak a look at her well formed calves and always smooth tanned skin.

   Carol picked up her books and papers.  "Thank you sir."  The walk to 
the outside was uneventful, but waiting for her was the adequate escort.     

   The escort was the six foot six rock muscled giant who always kept an 
eye out for her.  "Shorty!  Where you been?  Rodson keep you late?"

   She didn't want to tell him that she had been on her knees, being 
forced to give the school gangleader a handjob and almost much much more. 
"Old man Roddy just let me out.  Will you hold me, I don't why I just 


want to be held by someone who cares."

   Bubba surprised her by giving her a slight squeeze.  He picked her up in
one arm and started walking.  
   
   "Carol, I'll carry you home if you want me to."

   Carol slugged him, hurting her hand.  "Put me down you big dope..."

********************************
Chapter Eleven   True Love Hurts
********************************
   [Present]

   Carol had just finished putting her long black hair up back into her ever 
present ponytail.

   "...You can see I have a problem.  I have a problem cuz Alphonse Jones 
was right.  I was ready to suck his cock.  I was ready to suck him off and 
then beg for his friends too!"

  Bubba Larren Jr. said nothing.  He just kept his fist clenching the 
blanket up to his chest so that Carol couldn't see anything.  The little 
wonder kept talking.  "I don't want to be a gangbanged slut.  But if you 
don't take me and take now, I'm sure that Alphonse would be happy too.  
I just hope his pals don't hurt me too much when they start passing me 
around."

   Bubba turned his back.  "I...I can't help you.  You better go now."

   Carol couldn't believe it!  All the stories were true!  She ripped off her
heels and hurled them one by one in anger at her giant.  She reached down and
picked up his book hurling them at him as well.  When she did, photos that had
been hidden inside of the book flew through the air.  Bubba reached out to 
catch them but was too late as three landed at her feet.

   The highschool beauty picked one up as she caught the image.  The photos
were of her!  The one she examined was from her last school meet.  She was
upside down on the balance beam with her legs wide open.  The next was just
a close up of her face, the other was a full body shot.  She could tell that
they were covered in a filmly substance.  Her quick mind once again put it 
all together.

   "Bubba!  You were jacking off to these photos.  You were jacking off to 
me!  Admit it!  You've had my photos and you've been cumming all over 'em!"

   The huge teen lowered his head.  "Yeah...I have.  You don't understand.
You've been my dream girl.  My fantasy ever since I can remember.  But if 
you saw my microcock, you'd laugh the way they've been laughing at me since 
the seventh grade."

   Carol moved to sit on the bed beside him.  "I wouldn't laugh, Big Guy."

   She thought of the past.  Bubba hadn't always been so big.  At one time,
he was the smallest guy in junior high.  It was just the last couple of 
years that he had grown up so fast.  She figured that his penis just hadn't
caught up with the rest of him.  The sweet dear rubbed his shoulder. No 
matter how small he was, she would just gobble him up and love him all the
same.

   "Show it to me, Bubba."

   "I...I can't."  The fist holding the sheet raised a bit more to 
his chest.

   Carol tried one more smile, then turned mean.  "Bubba!  Who are you 
talking to?  Now show me your cock.  NOW!"

   Standing from the bed, the little honey used both small hands and 
grabbed the white sheet and gently started pulling it down.  When it cleared
his chest, she yanked the sheet completely from his body and put one of her
hands to her mouth in horror and fear.  Her eyes blinked twice and she turned
her head away quickly before she slowly turned back to look once more at the
teen's endownment. "OHMIGAWD!  IT'S EVEN BIGGER....IT'S EVEN HUGER....IT'S
HUMONGOUS!  I...I...OOOoohhh!"
   
   And with that last exclamation, Carol Brazil fainted.



******************************************
   CHAPTER TWELVE--Carol's gets her wish!
******************************************

   Carol felt a cool cloth across her brow as her sight came into focus.  
All at once, she could see her best friend leaning over her.  His strong 
sinews caressing her face gently.  As she regained her senses, she finally
remembered what she had seen and her eyes drifted downward.

  She jerked with a start. It had been no dream.  It was still rockhard, 
still throbbing as it beat a tatoo rhythm on his sternum.  It took her a 
while but she finally took it all in and she realized that even though 
his fathers dick was a full ten inches of fat dick, his son was hung 
even bigger.

   It was a monstrous cock as big around at the base as her forearm, with 
thick tendons juttin out against the skin of the underside that looked like
iron bands.  The shaft itself wasn't colored like his fathers but smooth in
shade except for the wrinkle bands that would be more prominent when he was
flaccid.  It was slightly curved and the length was more then a foot.  

   When fully aroused, it was fourteen inches in length with veins that 
looked like soda straws cris crossing it like a spiders web.  The length
and nasty thickness alone made her head swim but that wasn't all.  The 
head of his cock resembled a fat juicy apple, the huge rounded bulb being as
fat around as his root which seemed to resemble the width of a coke bottle.
The center of the large mushroom head was deeply cleft with a long vent in
the center that seeped a heavy clear fluid.

  The little darling tore her gaze away but found that she locked eyes 
on his balls, each testicle was fat and full and shifted around in the 
fat ball sack that looked about the size of a softball.  They looked like
they belonged on a bull...or a stallion.  Swollen, bloated kidney shaped
orbs filled with the sperm of youth and vigor.

   The little girl knew that her story had done its job.  She had indeed 
gotten him hot and just the very sight of her kept him hot.  She noticed 
that once again she naked as a jaybird.  With all of her might she wrapped 
her arms around his broad neck and began showering his face with kisses.  
When she pulled back her new lovers face was covered with lipstick marks.  

   Bubba fought to keep his breath.  "Geez, Shorty, I thought my cock would 
be too small for you."

   The tiny girl looked down at the length of hose before her.  "Too small?
Geezus! don't you know those guys were laughing at you cuz your cock is too
big?  Cuz its the only way those creeps felt they could measure up.  I won't 
need to be gangbanged now cuz you got enough meat for two guys!  Now then, 
you want me? You got me!  What do you want to do to me first?"

  Bubba had always just fantasized about having her, but never knew what he 
would do when he actually got hold of her.  "I...I don't know."  He suddenly
looked very sad.

   Carol tilted her head to the side.  Every other guy over the last two 
weeks had different plans for her gorgeous little body.  Tommy, the bratty 
boy she baby sat, he still spent hours jacking off to her smooth legs.  
Rodson, her fat balding school teacher with the fat cock forced her to suck 
his cock and ended up teaching her all about it.  Even Alphonse and his gang 
wanted to take turns using her body as a spermbag.  She felt a small tremor 
go through her as the girl thought of how she was forced to give the hated,
ruthless, gangleader a handjob.

   It finally came to her that Bubba, even though he was fifteen like her, 
was still very much a virgin.  All those years he had never went out 
another girl because he worshiped his little neighbor across the street.  
'Well', she thought, 'he'll be rewarded for his patience.'

   "I saw those photos you took of me at all of my meets.  Do you want some   
better ones for when I can't come over.  I mean I snuck over tonight, but I   
have a feeling that I'll be able to stay you with at least twice a week."  
Her mind was already figuring the angles of knowing when her mother was 
coming over to "service" his father.
   
   "Wait!"

   "Would you mind putting your heels back on?"

   "Bubba, if you're gonna be my man, you gotta start acting like one.  If 
you want me to do something sexy for you, TELL ME, don't ask me!"
   
   The big teenager looked confused.  But I can't..."

   "Wimp." She shot back. 

   "I'm not a wimp!"  Bubba hesitated.  It was just against his gentle 
nature to force Carol to do anything.
      
   "You big pussy, it looks like I'll have to see Alphonse after all."  She 
reached for her coat.

   "Dammit!  Put that coat down!  Put those fucking heels back on and get my
camera! NOW!"

   "OOOOooo!  She felt her little body shake a bit at the unexpected force 
of his voice.  Carol loved to be dominated and could think of no better way
to also give her guy that aggressive edge he needed.  She dropped the coat 
and ran to her get her high heels that had been thrown on the bed.  When she
leaned over to get them, she felt a swat on her ass. <SMACK!>"OOwww! Yes 
Bubba! I'm hurrying Bubba!"  Quickly she scampered up and placing the heels
on the floor she stepped into them.  She felt the small patch of adhesive
tape put there by his father and pressed into them.  Carol knew that all
guys loved high heels.  She remembered her friend Brandi saying "it's all
scientific.  A girl puts heels on, they get ideas...poor dopes!"  A mental
note to make sure Bubba always gets a heavy dose of her gams.
   
   Bubba found he was getting used to giving orders rather quickly.  The
sight of his fantasy girl was a dream come true.  He mentally slammed his
head.  How much time wasted by being timid, not taking a chance.  The big
jock crooked a finger the little miss.  "Walk slow, so I can enjoy it."
 
   Carol nodded her head forcing herself not look at the cock that had made
her faint.  "Yes Bubba.  The 35mm?"  Carol glided to his messy dresser,
looked around quickly and gripped it.  

   The big teen snapped his fingers.  "Yeah!  Now sit in the chair you tutor
me in.  I want to get some shots of you holding my dick."

   "Holding your big fat dick, Bubba?"  She was wanted to reassure him.  But
she also decided it was time for his first test.  "But I can't do it, Bubba.
Suppose...suppose these pictures got out?  I'd be ruined!"

   "Too late to back out now, you little runt.  You shouldn't have told me
how seeing dick makes you hot.  Now if you want some of my meat, you'll do
as you're told. UNDERSTAND!"

   The stern talk shook her a bit more. Coming from the once gentle giant it
made seem only more forceful, more dominating.  She meekly handed him the 
camera.  

  "Yes Bubba.  Whatever you say, Bubba.  Can I handle your...monster now?" 

   "Yeah, use both hands.  Hold it up to your face."
   
   Carol obeyed, holding up the huge penis along her face.  It was easy to 
see that the head would dwarf her small mouth.  Acting on instinct, she 
began to masturbate the boy along the side of her face, the way Alphonse 
had forced to do just a week ago.
   
   "Bubba, do you want me to give you a handjob?"   She swallowed as she saw
that her hand would barely fit halfway around.  Slowly she started jacking 
the big boy off.

   "Uhhh Yeah that feels good!  Smile for the camera, baby!"  Instantly the
girl presented him with a prize winning smile.  She began to pose using the
boys giant cock as a prop.  

    FLASH!  Carol holding the humongous cock in both hands.  The look of awe
is obvious.

   FLASH!  Carol placing cock between her applesized tits, loving the way it
easily reached past her mouth.

   FLASH!  Bubba's new personal favorite.  Carol with her beautiful eyes 
crossed as the head of the fat knob dwarfs the rest of her face.  The look 
on the youngsters face is obvious.  What is she gonna do with it all?

   The tiny gymnast now knew why her friend Brandi was such a size queen.
Tommys small penis would've already shot off twice.  Her brother would've
already shot off.  But the huge penis was holding out quite well.  She 
placed his mushroom head right in front of her face and kept pumping while
her new lover kept on shooting lurid picture after picture.

   Her voice piped in while she kept up her two handed jackoff session.
"Hey Big Guy, clear stuff is leaking out!"

   Bubba's voice was trembling.  "You better stop now."

   Carol frowned. "Why? Don't you like...AWWWP"

   All at once the monster dick exploded!  Thick white ejaculate leapt from
the head and covered her mouth.  Her hands lept up as if in surrender.

   FLASH!  Carol Brazil with her face being shot with sperm!

   FLASH!  The same little girl with her eye plastered shut with jism!

   FLASH!  A huge beefy hand pulling her head up by the ponytail so her face
can take the rest of the thick white load.  Her mouth opening automatically
at the tug of her hair.

   FLASH!  Clear shot of Carol Brazil, state gymnast champion with complete
creamy facial covering her face.  The boys sperm coating is so thick that it
won't move from her face. Note stunned look on her ten year old face.

   FLASH!  More shots of Carol sputtering as she is defaced by her new
lovers love cream.  The sight of her small tounge snaking out would be
frozen in the boys memory forever.

   Bubba finished taking shots with one hand while holding her up by her 
hair with the other.  "Geez Shorty, look at you!  I...I tried to warn you.  
I'm sorry."

   Carol grabbed her coat and used it as a towel.  "Don't apologize, 
Big Guy.  You know this is what you wanted.  I wanted it too.  Geezus, how
come you're still stiff?  I thought guys went down after they shoot their
stuff."

   Bubba could feel his confidence growing.  "Not me.  Takes a few times."

   "Geez, how many times do you have to jack off?"

   "Five or six times.  But I always look at your picture and I get hard all
over again."

   "Do you always come this much?"

   "No, more.  I already jacked off to your photos once this evening."

   Pleased with the answers, Carol sat back in the chair crossing her legs 
and looked at the big fat cock now waving in her face.  "Gee, it's just so 
big and wide.  Looks even bigger then before.  I suppose now you want me to
suck this monster of yours?"  She let her newest conquest enjoy the sight
of his favorite tutor nude.

   Bubba leered almost knowingly.  "You can try."

   The little girl leaned forward with her legs still crossed.  She kissed 
it a couple of time and tried to force the fat past her teeth.  She scrapped 
the crown but the boy didn't even flinch.  It was just too fat for her small
mouth to work in.
   
   Carol lifted her head.  She loved just trying to suck the fat member, but
something was missing.  She looked up at Bubba now slowly masturbating the
boy against her face again.  "Bubba, I think you'll have to help cuz your 
thing is just so so very big.  You better pull my ponytail so I'll open my
mouth wider."

   Bubba furrowed his brow.  "Won't it hurt?"

   The little girl kissed the giant cockhead.  "A little, but my girlfriend,
Brandi says it helps her.  Look at this way, after a while you'll have me 
trained to blow you at the tug of my hair."

   The black teenager smiled and nodded to himself.  This being a real man
stuff was getting better every moment.  He reached out grabbed her ponytail,
and instantly the girls small mouth opened wider and then closed down on the
pudgy knobhead, taking in a little more each time he pulled.  Carol herself
could feel the small sparks in her crotch with each tug as she was forced to
to suck more cock then she had ever sucked before.  After just five inches 
of dick was planted in her mouth she had no room to breathe and forced her
head up to catch her breath.

   "Geezus, Bubba!  Your chokin' me to death!  I...I can't breathe!"

   The look the teenager gave her sent chills up her spine.  She couldn't
sense a hint of caring in the young teen with the bull cock.  She knew then 
that she had pushed him a little too far.   "Too damn bad!  You started this
shit Shorty, now you're gonna swallow my dick, suck down my load and thank 
me when your little ass is done.  UNDERSTAND!"

   The teenage beauty nodded meekly.  When she felt the tug on her ponytail
she instantly lunged for his crotch.  Indeed, he had succeeded in at least 
one thing.  Whenever he would tug on her hair, her mouth open would
automatically and she would instantly start for his cock with her small
tounge leading the way.

   He tugged her hair a few times, letting her lunge and then moving the big
black cock out of the way.  Finally, her hands came out and wrapped around 
his shaft pulling it toward her mouth.

   "Please, Bubba, don't make me wait.  Please let me suck you off...I...I
need to do it bad!"

 "I bet you do.  Letting Alphonse force you into the boys bathroom, jacking
him off!  You little twit, why didn't scream?  Why didn't you call my name?
Maybe you like him more?"

  Carol was stung by the comment.  How could she explain her sudden change?
She barely understood herself.  All she knew was there had been a dam
building for a long time.  Now it was bursting into pieces.  She'd hoped
to burst all over her new guy.  "I...I was scared, I didn't want you hurt,
but I know I was wrong.  What do you want me to do?"

  Bubba would've been satisfied with any answer she would've gave him.  He
knew there was no way he could stay mad at her.  Still, these new, mean,
agressive feelings were taking over him as well. "You want me to boss you
around?  Call me master and I'll let you blow me."

   Carol felt slightly humiliated, a red blush suddenly covering her golden
skin but she knew that she loved being dominated by the big teen.
   
   Her voice was a hoarse whisper.  "Yes Master. If you let me suck your 
dick, I'll do my best and thank you when I'm finished." .

   Bubba tightened his asscheeks, making the big black cock bounce around.
He grinned at the sight of little Carol head nodding up and down as she was
hypnotized by the sight.

   "I can't hear you, little miss gymnast. Louder."

   The little teenager turned her voice into rich honey.  Her red lips
slowly saying each word out loud.

  "Please, Master, let me blow you. PLEASE! Don't make me beg, baby,
I need to suck your monster and I need to now..."  Her eyes locked on
his stern gaze. "...Master, let me..."

   Bubba couldn't deny her any longer and let her slowly feed on his 
enormous member.  He threw his head back in ecstasy.  "Yeah! that's it!  
Feed on me. you love it don't you?"

   The little girls head was already bobbing back and forth.  "Oh yes, 
Bubba.  I mean, Master.  I loving sucking on your black meat."

   "Damn you talk so nasty.  C'mon, honey, jack and suck.  Better use both
hands!"

   The little darling lifted her head.  "I have to use both hands to handle 
you, Bubba.  ULMPH!"  Her head started bobbing back and forth.  

   Bubba carresed her smooth skin, loving the way it felt in his free hand. 
His other hand kept pulling on her long black mane, making sure that sparks   
would still find its way to her dampening little crack.  He looked at the 
face of his fantasy girl, her mouth filled with his monstrous black cock.
He could feel cum already welling up in his sack as he was caught in an 
eyelock with his little Shorty.  Her eyes never closed.  They would either 
stay fixed upon his, or they would cross and her eyebrows would raise at the
thought of all that black manmeat waiting to be shoved down her throat.

   Carol moved back and lifted her head, "Wait a second, Bubba.  You're
too huge to be sucked this way."  The young dickmaster was about to protest
when he saw her lay down on his bed with her head hanging over the edge.  
"Now, Big Guy, C'mon and feed it to me."

    Bubba tilted his head.  "Huh?"

    With perfect balance, she raised up for a second, released her ponytail
and quickly laid back down.  Her hair flowed to the floor in this upside 
position.  Smiling she turned from submissive slave, back to his fantasy 
girl.  "You big stupid lug!  THINK!"

    It took him just one second to figure it all out.  He walked over to 
her perfect form sprawled across his bed.  He kneeled down and saw that 
his cock was perfectly lined up with her mouth.  He moved forward and 
rubbed his black dick all over her face.  Her small tounge lept out 
and slickened it every time it passed by her mouth.   "Geez, Shorty, how 
did you ever figure out something this nasty?"

   Carol stopped kissing the fat cock for a second.  "Bubba, I've been 
dreamin' about you too!   I may be your dream girl,"  She delivered 
five more perfect kisses on his cock, "But you're my dream guy too!"  
She raised her hands and balanced her small frame with his thighs.  
Her feet shot up in high heeled splendor.  "Now feed me...Master!"

   Gripping both of her thin ankles in one hand, he pulled her hair with 
the other and her mouth shot open.  He forced his wrist thick cock into her
small mouth and down her throat, marveling at he could see the outline of 
his monster dong as it went down her throat channel.   Underneath him, 
Carol was no longer using his thighs for balance, but was hammering her
tiny fists against them as she fought for air.  It seemed the young teens
humongous organ would not stop sliding down her throat.  Finally his still
full, still fat scrotum rested upon her forehead. 'Geez' he thought, 'even
her forehead is babysoft!'
 
  As he looked down her small body pitchin to and fro while he took in the 
smooth wet feeling of her tiny mouth and small throat.   He withdrew every 
inch, watching his new girlfriend sucking huge gulps of life giving air.

   He smiled down at the little gymnast, "You okay?"

   Carol was scared to death.  Even though she was fifteen, she knew that 
her with the exception of her apple sized tits, her frame was built more 
like a twelve year old.  "UHhhhn, Bubba..."

   "You mean Master..."

   "Uhhhn, yea...Master...You're dick is way too big for little me."

   He tugged her hair and her mouth opened automatically.   
   "Too bad!   Cuz I'm gonna fuck your face just like I always wanted to!"

   Her eyes went wide as her new boyfriend snapped his hips forward and into
the smooth passageway the little girl provided for him.  He kept moving more
and more dick into her small mouth, first poking out her cheeks and watching
the cockbulge as he irritated her throat, choking her until his sac rested 
on her forehead and then withdrawing ten inches of black meat leaving just 
enough to keep her mouth filled.  

   Carol felt like was being suffocated as her eyes filled with the sight
of his chocolate club forcing its way down, The feeling of his goosegg
sized balls as they slid over her eyes. The thick choking staff would
force its way down her throat.  She knew that she should be feeling pain,
but being forced to suck dick, upside down in this manner was turning her
on more then she had ever dreamed.  She shuddered of what would she what've
done, if Alphonse and his gang had completed their task.  She dwelled on it
for only a split second, the rest of the time, little Carol was fighting 
for air and feeling the electricity of being taken rough.  She knew then 
that rougher the sex, the more she seemed to like it, the more she was 
forced or, the more she was dominated, the more turned on she became.

   Through it all, she knew that it was her fault.  She had pushed him and
now was getting her just deserts.   In total control now, Bubba pulled back
from her mouth and pushed her away.  He grabbed her ponytail and lifted 
her, forcing her to her knees on his bed.  Like this, her head was now 
perfectly in line with throbbing black cock.  She huffed for air, sucking
thick prick was taking its toll on her.  She needed a rest but no rest was
coming.

    His voice thundered and shook her little body, giving her a small 
climax with each tug of her mane.  

    "FINISH IT, BABY!  LOWER THAT HEAD DOWN."

    The tiny girl went to work, forcing his thick cock into her mouth until
five inches were wedged into her mouth.  Her green eyes crossed as they
looked at the remaining nine inches of turgid girth.   The little girl 
remembering how she handle three other prongs she had sucked that day went
after the rest of his monster meat with all her might.  Relaxing her throat
and turning her head to and fro, she worked another three inches of his 
dick into her talented mouth, her lips stretching obscenely, her nose
flattened, while thick rivers of precum, slobber and spit flowed from the
edges of her mouth. She wrapped both of her hands around the remaining 
dick meat and jacked what she could not suck.   

    "MMMMMMPH<Suck>,<Choke>,EMMM <SUCK!>"  The only sounds she could make
were small whimpers, that kept coming from her overstuffed mouth.  Her mind
wondered, 'Geez, Bubba is just so gawdawn big, he's killin' me just trying
to suck him, what the hell is that monster gonna do to my pussy?'  She 
slowed down to make him slow down too.  She needed time to think, but when
she sucked thick cock like this, it overruled her senses.  When the guy
would force her, the way Bubba was doing, it made her crazy with lust and
desire.  She felt a sharp pain, when Bubba began lifting her head by the
ponytail, She had strong thick hair and other then the initial bit of pain
at the first tug, she felt a little discomfort.

   Then it began.

   Bubba in his zeal, to face fuck his little girlfriend, lifted the seventy
five pound girl so, that her knees no longer touched the mattress.  Her 
small feet barely scraped the sheet as she hung by her hair.  It made her
feel helpless and submissive.  The next moment he plunged his too big black
cock down her throat, she could feel the difference in being forced to suck
dick this way.  It started as a small ripple in her crotch and then washed
over her entire body.  Carol's perfect body began to vibrate and shake, she
whimpered as loud as she could which resulted in a hum job for her virgin
boyfriend.   "MMMmmMMMm<Whimper>MMmmmMM <CHOKE>!"

   The big teen eyes got wide at the sight of his new little sexslave having
an orgasm from sucking his thick rod.  He watched her vibrate and shake and
with no experience, he couldn't hold back. The black teens scrotum tightened
and he could feel his own climax upon him.  Arching his back he shot out the
first of many wads into Carol's tiny mouth.  "AAAAARRRGHH!  TAKE IT CAROL!!
TAKE MY WAD BABY!"

  Carol was both shocked and pleased at her boyfriends comments.  He was
suddenly crude, forceful, domineering...all male...all man!  If only she
had the strength to tell him so, but her orgasm had left her weak and limp.
She only perked up when she felt his cock expand in her mouth and knew that
his black seed was on the way.  Still jacking, her other hand shot out and
tried to hold his sack as best she could, but his nuts were so large, so
bloated that they kept spilling over her small hand.

   The first shot of his sperm filled her mouth and immediately began to 
leak from the sides onto her chin.  The next wad she tried to swallow, but
there was just too much and she choked.  After that she was a goner, as
she beat against his thighs trying to lift her head for air.  Still 
swallowing frantically, the little girl did manage to lift her head a little
but his dickknob had expanded so much that little Carol couldn't dislodge 
the too fat member from her mouth.  All she could do was stay there, still
suspended by her hair as the giant black teen kept pouring thick jism down
her throat.

   She could feel her stomach seem to fill and still Bubba wouldn't stop
ejaculating his seed.  Her mouth filled to overflowing, backed up and then
forced his thick white sperm from each of her nostrils which flowed over
her mouth and down her chin like tapioca pudding.  Building up, the sperm
began yo-yoing from her chin in slick white strands of cum.

  She feel herself losing consciousness as his monster dick slid from her
throat and mouth.  Holding her up by her hair in one hand, Bubba grinned as
his other hand helped her masturbate the rest of his load onto her face.
he plastered both eyes shut, and sperm hung from her nose and even managed
to leak in her ears. Carol the state gymnast champ, forced one eye open, 
only to see his final blurp from his fat hose close it again.  The teen
beauty coughed twice, choking up sperm each time and promptly passed out.

   Bubba gently released his tiny beauty and let her rest on his bed.  He
thought of cleaning her up.  Then thought better of it.  He could already
feel the blood surging back into his giant black penis as he set up his
video camera.  He watched his little girlfriend turn over onto her belly, 
still passed out, and she seemed to present her well stacked little ass up
to him.  He cocked his head once.  "Where", he thought, "Did I put my jar 
of vaseline?"



***********************
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
***********************

Carol could feel the bed shaking.  What an incredible dream! She dreamed
that her best friend had become her boyfriend and that she had seduced him,
turning him into a biggest bull on the block.

   When she realized that she couldn't open one of her eyes, she knew that 
indeed it had been no dream.  Carol rolled to her belly and wiped the sperm
from her eye only to see her own adorable face enlarged several times on a
monitor screen.  She could see her skin still glistening in several trails
of still moist jism.

   She turned around to see Bubba, his fat limp cock hanging down seven 
inches past his still full nutsack.   She looked up at past his marbled 
stomach, barrel chest and rippled biceps to see his dark brown face smiling
back at her.
  
    "Hey Shorty, welcome to the land of the living."  Bubba frowned a bit
as he fiddled with the microphone hookup.

    Carol tried to raise up further, but felt her head spin a bit.  "Oh uhm
hi Big Guy.  I...I passed out  I keep doing that...sorry, Bubba."

   "Yeah!  It was something. while you slept my cum kept drooling from your
mouth.  It was sexy as hell!"  The big teen had a wide smile as all of his
fantasies were coming true and he was well on the way to completing another
dream of his.

   Carol raised an eyebrow in mock horror.  "Bubba, how crude!"  She loved
it.  It was something a jerk would say and every guy needed just a little
bit of a jerk in them, she thought.  "Whatcha doing with that stuff?"

   Bubba snickered, "Looks like you're the slow one." He changed his voice 
to a poor imitation of Eddie Haskell, the lechery sliming with each word he
spoke, "We're gonna make us a little video tape missy."

   Carol looked at the microphone he was positioning by the bed.  "BUBBA!
NO WAY AM I GONNA MAKE A VIDEO TAPE!" The little honey didn't mind doing
anything for her boyfriend, but she had to draw the line somewhere.

   The well muscled teen kept working with Video Cam, making sure everything
was going to be perfect.  He acted as if he didn't even hear her protest.
"Shorty, get the vaseline.  It's on the the dresser."

   Carol was about to protest when saw a certain gleam in his eye.  It had
been there when she let Little Tommy Davidson jack off to her.  She had
seen that look of lust in her own brother, her school teacher, the gang
leader and her boyfriends father.  She immediately knew that she was going
to be banged.  He was going to videotape it and her wishes had nothing to 
do with it. 

   Her throat still sore from being ravaged, she lowered her head and bowed
a little, her words coming out raspy.  "Yes, Bubba, whatever you say."

   She padded across the room, picked up the jar and handed it to her young
stallion.  "What do you want me to do now, Bubba?"  For the first time in
her life she didn't quite trust the leer on his handsome face.  

   He opened the jar and motioned to the bed.  "Just get on your belly and
look directly into the camera, don't worry about the sound, it will pick up
your voice anywhere in the room."

   The State All Around Gymnastics Champion laid upon her lean muscled
stomach and looked straight ahead into the camera.  Just above it was the
35" inch monitor in which see Carol saw her enlarged face smiling back at
her.  She saw there were still semen stains that shined on her face and
large clumps of white sperm clinging to her hair.   "Sound? Um what do you
want me to say?"

   "Well, this is for those time when I can't see you.  So when I give you
the cue, give me a real nasty intro."

   "Bubba!  I'll do whatever you want me to do, but please, I don't know
what to say,"

   He grinned back at her.  "Just tell me how it all feels.  That should
be good enough.  Now raise up your little ass."

    Carol did as she was told and she did have to admit, the scene was damn
erotic.  She could see the chisled stomach just above her tiny ass.   She
could feel the lube being applied liberally to her cunt.  She craned her
neck and could see his already too fat cock becoming engorged at the 
thought of banging her little girl behind.  She swallowed once for courage
and spoke with the same high pitched honey rasp that had wrapped her 
boyfriend around her finger since she was six.

   "Hello, This is Carol Brazil and I'm in the bedroom of my one true love
Big dicked Bubba Larren.  This is our first time doing it and really I'm
a little scared.  No. I'm a lot scared.  His dick way too big for little 
ol' me.  I mean my hand bare reaches halfway his monster log.  That's why
he's greasing me back there.  HEY!  THAT"S MY ASS! GET OUTTA THERE!  Whew!
No way am I gonna let that huge thing anywhere near my ass.

   "In fact, I must say, if I had my way, I would be on top so I could
handle it slow and easy.  Even on my back would be a little easier.  Soooo,
What about it Big Guy?"

   She craned her neck back and saw the large teen shake his head from
side to side.  The little girl went back to her commentary.  "He's not 
getting the message.  I don't want to make love--"

   Bubba's deep voice interupted her.  "You mean,'get fucked'."

   Carol eye's narrowed at the crude correction.  Just what had she done to
her gentle giant?  She went on, "--I mean, I don't want to get fucked from
behind like some dog.  I don't think any woman should do it, I mean get
fucked in that way.  It's too degrading.  Way too degrading."

  The big black teenager started rubbing his trunk like pipe on her ass.
He looked at the apprehensive look on his little girlfriends angelic face
and his smile increased.  He was new to this sex stuff but that didn't mean
he didn't have his own fantasies.  He beat off to several favorite subjects.
Carol's best friend, Brandi and her little sister Asti.  His counselor
at school, Margaret Kelly.  He even jacked off to some fantasies (and 
double secret photos) of Carol's mother, Opal Brazil.
 
    But always on the top of his list was that little chick across the
street Carol Brazil.  Since they were kids, Carol had him wrapped her
finger.  She bossed him around and why most of the time, he didn't mind,
but he still had this thought of taking her down a peg.  Before he had 
always thought his member too small for any woman to want, but even he
could see how the fat meaty head of his horse cock dwarfed her tiny anal
opening and how he would need every bit of lube just to wedge his into 
her clean shaven pussy opening.  This was going to hurt one of them and
he knew it wouldn't be him.

   "Sorry.  I'll always love you, Shorty.  We have to get one thing 
straight.  When we're out and having fun or whatever, you can boss me 
around all you want.  But when it comes to sex, there can only be one boss!"

   Carol heard the words and knew that she accomplished her goal.  Bubba
was more than aggressive.  He was dominating and even intimidating.  But
somehow, she knew she couldn't relinquish control so easily.  Waving her
shiney, greased ass in the air, she stared right into the monitor so
Bubba could see her face.  "Yep, there can be only one boss...ME!"  The
little brat stuck out her tounge for emphasis.

   Bubba's eyes widened at this last bit of defiance.  "Carol, Little 
Miss Gym Champ.  I'm gonna lean you over and make you my girlfriend.  
It's time you were put in your place."

   "I don't think your man enough Big Gu--"  Once again she was cut off
in mid sentence as Bubba thrust forward.  Her eyes widening in fear and
at the first bit of pain.  "SHIT! BUBB---UNG!"

   Bubba cocked his head once.  "Damn, you're like silk and honey, I...I
never knew pussy would be this good."  He could see in the monitor, her
eyes were shut tight in a grimace of pain and her fists had grabbed the 
sheet in a tight grip.  "So damn tight though, Better get more grease."

   Carol could feel him greasing her opening and she prayed to whatever
sexgods there be that he was greasing himself as well.  When she felt
him push forward again, fear took hold and she tried to scamper away.
Before she could move away, she felt a hand of iron behind the nape of
her neck and the another strong firm grip just above her ass.  She felt
like a cat caught before being able to escape.  She tried to squirm, but
his grip was too strong.  "No, Bubba, Please, I...Your dick is way too
big for little me.  Lets wait a year and NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"

   Holding her down, ignoring her fists slamming against the bed, Bubba
began to thrust again.  Without knowing how to fuck, he simply held her
down and forced thick inch after thick into her tiny pussy.  He saw the
grease build back up and he didn't stop.  He watched her ass squirm back
and forth, up and down, and even when he planted eight inches of his
monster cock and Carol stuffed her mouth with the sheet to muffle her
screams and whimpers he didn't stop.  When he wedged twelve of his fourteen
inch black cock into her and small droplets of blood decorated his white
sheet like medals of honor, he didn't stop.  When he finally had forced
all fourteen inches of thick black meat Carol collasped like she was dead,
making incoherent murmuring sounds.  Her body would twitch every so often
as if a mild electric shock were coursing through lithe body every five
seconds or so.

    Bubba looked down at her twitching body.  'Shit' he thought.  'I bet
this is what a ten year old like.  Carol is just so tiny.'  Eyeing the 
the TV monitor He looked at her face lift itself from his sheets.  Her
eyes were half open slits and sweat was on her brow.  She literally
purred while her mini cunt reformed to the gigantic invader resting in
her nubile lolita like form.  Her mouth formed words but they came out
pained whispers.  "OooOh, is...is it all in?"

   Bubba stroked her sides and put both hands on her hips.  "Yeah, little
baby, it's all in.  You're not a virgin any longer."  Bubba wasn't dumb
and was sure the blood came from taking her hymen, not the oh so slight
tearing of a quim never meant for a teen of his size.

   "Then flip me over and fuck that way."

   Bubba grinned. "You'll never learn.  Take it, Shorty."  He thrust hard
and the little girl's head snapped up.  When her pony tail flipped up, 
he grabbed it.  He thrust again. Hard.  "So you still want to suck off
Alphonse Jones?"

   Carol felt humilated.  Through her moans, she managed a hurtful reply.
"No No No.  I need You Bubba.  I need Dick.  I need Big dick.  Please
Fuck me, Bubba.  I'M BEGGING YOU, FUCK ME! FUCK MEEEEE NOW!"

   "Sure, Little Miss Rich Bitch.  Just tell me who the boss is."

   The final thrust was the most ruthless of all.  Carol thought it would
exit from her mouth.  She felt broken and humbled. "You are Bubba.  I'm
your sextoy and you are the boss.  Fuck me, use me anyway you wish."

   The big teen pushed for absolute victory.  He withdrew from her little
cunt and almost laughed aloud at his little girlfriends whine.  He placed
his fat head at her rectum.  "Anyway I want?"

   Carol was beside herself.  Her normal instincts of bossing around the
big teen were gone.  She wanted to fight back some, not give any of 
the control she had exerted over her big lug, but the feeling that
huge rod gave her as it pulsed in her tiny was overwhelming.  Feeling
further humiliation, she gave in completely.  "Yes, Bubba.  Anything
and everything.  Just try and be a little gentle."

   The big teen was too enraged.  "Sorry shorty.  No promises."
Like his father before him, he began packing and unpacking his long,thick
monster cock into the tiny girl.  He began slow, pulling out all but two
fat inches before drving it home in a hard punishing stroke.  Using her
long hair like reins, he kept her head lifted and pulled back, so he could
see her face on the monitor while he banged his little honey.

   Carol had thought his father was big when he split her in two, but
compared to the son with extra four fat inches, she thought she would
come unglued.  She really did think that it was degrading for anyone to
fucked in this manner.  Leaned over, ass up and head being pulled by her
own thick mane, she did feel like she wasn't so high and mighty as her
muscular teenaged boyfriend banged her hard.

   Her words came out in stuttered phrases as each thrust ironed out 
each and every fold in her now well used pussy.  "St..Stop, Bu..Bubba,
STOP!  It's t..too Bi...Bi...Big!"  Taking her big boyfriends fat cock
was supposed to be pleasurable.  But the little darling could feel nothing
but pain as he split her open again and again.

   Bubba was the exact opposite.  He had imagined all the talk about
pussy being the best thing a man CAN have has not being completely true.
Now he knew that everything he had read, everything he had heard was
absolutely true.   The feeling of smooth wet silky cunt, a womans
ultra soft skin and even the whimpers of pleasure and pain from his
little girlfriend was like nothing he had ever dreamed about.  Nothing 
was this good! Nothing!

   Still he loved his girlfriend and he tried to soothe her in spite of
his lust.  "Sorry, Shorty.  I told you no promises.  If you wanna be
my girl then you have to handle it sooner or later.  Might as well be
NOW!"  He accented his words with an even harder thrust.   

   Little Carol had all the dick she thought could take.  Beaten and    
feeling humiliated in being taken this way.  She admitted surrender
and begged for relief.  "Bu..Bubba, Plee...Please...M..Mercy!"

   At that point, Bubba was going to stop.  He DID love his little   
girlfriend and didn't want to hurt her.  As he started to unpack
he saw the fifteen year old begin to shake and vibrate.  He had 
seen her do this before.  Despite all her pleas and whines for mercy,
she had climaxed and climaxed hard.  It was all he needed to see.
   
   "No, Carol.  No mercy.  Just take it."  With that he no longer fucked
her by drawing out slow and slamming it back hard, but began to pummel
the poor girl with hard and fast punishing thrusts!

   Carol could feel the difference too.  Her little body had quit fighting 
and unleashed a current of pussy juice, loosening her pussy and allowing
the big man easy access to her cunt.  What had been unbearable torture now
was even more pleasurable then she had dreamed.  Even though she stuffed
to the brim, she bucked back against his groin making the football star
bang her harder.

   She felt exhausted and elated all at once.  She now knew that could 
handle any prick put before her and making his prediction come true, the
little gymnastics star begged for more, whining with each stroke.  "EEP EEP
EEP! FUCK ME HARDER BUBBA FUCK ME HARDER!"

   Bubba obeyed his little sex slave hammering the poor girl into his 
matress repeatedly.  Her puckered anus seemed to wink at him and what
passed through his mind almost made him lose his load right then and there.

   As if he had practiced it a thousand times.  He withdrew from her cunt
he took aim and shoved his thick trunk into her greased ass.  He had planted
only a third of his fat stalk up her butt when he heard her scream.

   "NOOOOOOOOOO!  TAKE IT OUT! TAKE IT OUT!"  She couldn't believe her
once gentle giant would actually sodomize her!  As her eye opened they
took in the sight of her own face contorted in pain.  Her own ass being
held firmly place as the bulldicked teen burrowed home.

   For Bubba, the dark side had taken over and he was enjoying punishing
his little girlfriend with thick black meat up her ass.  He loved her 
whimpers and the smooth feel of her ass.  He let go of her hair and used
both hands to hold her still.  Carol collasped under the pain and the
awful impalement.  Humbled completely, she bleated a whine of surrender.

   "PLeeeeeze, Bu..Bub"  All of her words came in stuttered phrases as
her boyfriend's oversized penis kept sawing back and forth in the little
girls asshole.  "Bubba, If you love me, please! STOP!"

   Big Bubba Larren wasn't even paying attention to his girlfriends pleas.
He was too busy enjoying the feel of her asshole and the look on her face
as he watched his live fuckshow on the monitor.  He could feel the nutsack
tightening as he tried to hold out.  He thought of Latifah Jones, he 
thought of Rodson, but no image he could conjure what sufficient to top
what he saw his little Carol do.

   He saw her face seem to concentrate and a smile suddenly upon her 
angelic face.  She was no longer fighting him but now was helping him
bury his cock in her ass.  Indeed, the feeling of being taken in way
she considered degrading and then being forcibly sodomized was the
most that the the youngster had felt in domination.  And more then 
anything, Carol loved to be dominated when in came to sex.  She started
slow movement haunching back a bit a time until it was she who using him
as a kind of a fuck post.  Her babbles were now coherent with a wild
sexy grin on her face right into the camera.

   "Uhn! Yeah! Work that ass baby, c'mon big boy get that ass!"  She
licked her lips once.  "Uhn!Uhn UHN! AW YEeeeah!  For the record, I want
to thank my guy for busting my ass and ..."  She couldn't get the rest
out as Carol found for the first time that she was capable of having
anal orgasms.  In her way of coming, the little honey shook and wriggled
as if she were being shocked and purred.  "MMMmmmmMMmew! Uhn! Oh Bubba, 
won't you cum for little me?"

   Indeed he would.  Bubba could stand no more and unleashed his white
seed into Carols gyrating ass!  The initial burst of jism of all it
took to lubricate her asshole enough for all of his fourteen inches
to impale the tiny gymnast.  He shook as unloaded thick healthly blasts
of sperm into the little honey's bowels.  The small girl collasped again.
sliding away from his still coming black cock.  
  
   Carol Brazil looked limp and defenseless as she laid trying to recover 
from her orgasms.  Bubba gripped his own coming prong and still pumped more
of steaming load onto her body.  The feeling of his hot jizz seemed to 
spark small minigasms in her well fucked body.  Carol twisted and jerked 
as each blast hit her writhing body.  Just as he seemed spent.  He leaned 
over Carol turning her so that she was on her back.  He moved quickly
resting his huge black rod between her applesized globes.  He tugged on her
hair once and the well trained little sextoy opened her mouth and lunged
forward toward his fat knob.   She shook again as she felt the semihard
dick stiffen and harden in her mouth.  Her eyes stayed wide opened as her
body completely betrayed her by another small orgasm.

   "Omigawd!" She thought to herself, "Now I'm having orgasms just from
sucking him hard again.  What kind of a slut am I?"  She wasn't sure 
anymore.   Her own thoughts left at the deep teenage voice above.

   "Spread 'em Carol."  Bubba dragged his cock from her mouth, slid down
the length of her body.

   "Yes. Bubba.  Whatever you say."  Carol held her muscular legs open
cocking her knees.  She felt his large hand on her shoulder and the feel
of his huge cockknob at her entrance.  Her small ass, her tiny cunt.
It didn't matter.  He had used all three and he could have them whenever 
he wished.  Once again, she felt him stuffing her. Carol did her best
to help him sliding her body around covering his massive chest with kisses.

   The big teen began fucking her missionary style.  It was old fashioned.
it was hard and it was fast.  The little darling loved the way he throttled
her little body.  Carol almost wished for help, but smiled and shook as
Bubba hammered her into his matress again and again.  She saw his muscles
bunch, the sweat forming as he fucked her like his father did.  He fucked
her without mercy, remorse or any care for her feelings.  To him, she was
just a receptacle for his seed, a sextoy for his pleasure. 

     And Little Carol adored every moment she was used as spermbag for her
big dicked black stud. Her body demanded that she be taken and taken
often, she was delirious that from now on she could give in on a regular
basis.        

    After about thirty minutes of solid machine gun fucking, sweating, tiny 
Carol was a wreck.  Her body now having a never endless of climaxes.  As
she felt the horsedick of her man swell again in her well used valley,
She felt fireworks go off again, as her bones cracked, her little gymnast
body arched and she felt like she passing out again.   She felt her large
black stud explode in her pussy over and over.   Like his father, he would
unload, shudder and then pound Carol's little pussy again.  He would seem
to soften until her own cunt would milk him back to full hardness whereupon
he would fuck her again.  Only harder.  She loved the feeling.

    Now then if she could just get some...rest...

   No.  The little girl could feel her teen muledick dislodging himself her
and the expectant tug of her hair.  Automatically she opened her mouth,
suckling the huge penis head, kissing it back to hardness.

   It was going to be a long night. 


**********************************************
CHAPTER FOURTEEN   Breakfast with her Brother.
**********************************************

      Carol awoke with a start at six am.  She noted the cock in her mouth
was already hard.  She tried to move up, but she felt a small gentle pull
on her head.  Her head bobbed back and forth a few moment and she was
surprised when the fat prickhead expanded quickly and began ejaculating
its tapioca offering to the youngster.  The little girl dutifully sucked it
up what she could, fighting to keep up with the flow.  She failed, coughing
up sperm and choking.  She forced her head up and milked the rest of her
lovers load onto her chin.  

   As the cock deflated in her small hands, she heard a gentle rumbling.
She smiled as she saw Big Bubba Larren sleeping soundly.  'Good Gosh!  He
just made me suck his dick while he was still sleeping.'  He better sleep
now, she thought.  After all, her ass, mouth and cunt were all sore from
being pumped by her new lover all night long.

   Carol saw static on the large video monitor and it brought back sinful
memories.  She remembered how she tried to hide her face under the bed 
sheet as he commented on her facial expressions while they watched her
anal deflowering.  She wondered about the closeups of her face as she made
sure she thanked him for the numerous times Carol sucked him off.  She
thought of stealing the tape remember the way Bubba kept up a running 
dialouge as he commented on her beauty and her willingness to perform
in front of a camera.

   When she seemed to wonder what type of jerk she had turned her young
boyfriend into, He surprised her when he gripped her chin and looked
into her eyes and said "I'll always love you Shorty."  His sexual prowess
was without limits and he made slow love to Carol this time taking care
never to hurt her once.  It had taken the junior miss only fifteen minutes
of rest before she rewound the tape herself, stepped back into prom heels
and demanded more.  The big teen shook his head, smiled and obliged Carol
again.  This time it was the rougher meaner sex she craved and recieved
in ruthless fashion until continuous climaxes washed together and put her
to sleep.

   Moving quietly, feeling the dried sperm on her skin, she found her large
overcoat, and high heels.  Carol saw the teens Letterman Jacket.  It was
covered with with several letters, medals and patches that stated that he
was the biggest sports star on campus.  However, when Carol had won the
state competition, it seemed that she had become nearly as big.

    The little darling winced as her asshole stung.  'Damn', she thought,
'He sure took me down a peg.'  It would be hard for her to look her prim
and proper mother in the eye.  A thought that passed as the knowledge of
proper her mother really was passed through her mind. With a smile, Carol
remembered it was good to be humble.

   Humble and fashionable.  She lifted the big Letterman jacket.  When she
wore it to school, it would mean one thing.  In Waddapole High, The kids
unwritten rules stated that wearing your guys jock jacket meant more then
she was his girl.  It also meant Carol was his to use and vice versa. To
most kids in the school, it was like having the power of big man on campus
at your beck and call.  The tired teen knew she could've had the jacket by
just asking, but now she had earned it.  

   She put the jacket on, forgetting completely about her long coat.  A
sigh of contentment as the arms of the big jacket enveloped her.  Carol
looked down at her giant noticing how the slight grin on his face as her
guy dreamed teenage visions of happiness.

    She slipped out the front door and dashed across the street.  Her heels
clicked and skidded as she saw the paperboy turning the corner.  She froze
for a second as the two locked eyes and then he spilled head over heels
taking a rough tumble.  Carol saw the boy roll over and look up at her with
a goofy grin.  She wheeled and quick stepped her way to her door.  She was
thankful the key was still under the welcome mat.  She hoped her brother
was still sleeping.  She had one stop to make after she showered and she
didn't want any interuptions.
 
********
 
   The little darling slipped through her front door thankful that only 
the newspaper boy had seen her.  Carol was sure the newsboy got quite a
eyeful.  All the young girl had been wearing was her boyfriends letterman
jacket and high heels.  She hadn't bothered to snap the jacket and her firm
breasts were easily visible.

   "Hey, Nice tits PeeWee."  Her brother JR had just seen her tits for the
first time and was impressed.  He saw the look of concern on her face and
grinned as he enjoyed the sight of his teenage sisters shuffling in her 
her heels.  "Naw Don't worry about Mom.  I told her you had to leave early.
Next time you better plan a little better."  He leaned against the back of 
the sofa.

   Carol had been thinking of how she was going to explain her appearance
to her mother.  She leaned back against the door and smiled.  "You covered
for me?"  

   JR was in a simple pair of sweat pants and even though Carol wasn't
really looking, she could swear that something jumped in his pants.  "Well,
sure.  I figured you could pay me back by just doing me a little favor."
He hitched his pants a bit and the outline of her older siblings cock
was quickly becoming obvious.

   His little sister gulped once, tightened her jacket so that it hid her
twin charms and smiled.  "Ohhh, JR, I'm really tired now.  I've only had
a couple of hours sleep.  But, later okay?"  The teen tiger was exhausted
after being put though her paces by the two male Larrens.  

   Her big brother looked disappointed, but seemed to recover.  "Okay, no
prob."   He remained standing just staring at his little sister.  

   Carol could feel his eyes, the way her brother lingered looking at her 
thin ankles and powerful calves.  She saw his eyes widen at her muscular
thighs.  "JR, stop staring at me like that.  It's kinda creepy."  The 
tuckered teen wished she didn't have to go by her older brother to get
to the staircase.

   JR seemed to break out of his leering for a moment.  "Naw, PeeWee, I'm
just staring at the jacket.  That's Bubba's isn't it?  Take it off and let
me see his medals."

   
   Carol knew he was trying to trap her.  Now the little vixen knew about
men and she knew her brother better then most.  He was up to something.
Carol tried to kick off her heels and get to her room.  The unwritten rules
of the house were clear to both of them.  In her own room she'd be safe 
from him.  

   The Larren's sextoy lifted a leg and tried to kick off the heels one at
a time.  She tried this several times till she realized that her heels were
taped on.  The gymnast also figured she couldn't run past him.  Carol
lifted her head from looking at her heels and saw her brother thumb the
waistband of his sweatpants and slowly bring them down.  It seemed to take
forever for the fabric to get past his eight inch member which bobbed up 
and down like a jack in the box.

   Carol was tired. So very tired.  But the sight of her brothers erect 
member sent shivers through her body.  The teenage girls nipples hardened
so fast they hurt.  Involuntarily, the little girl let out a moan. "Uhnn!
JR, I can't take off my man's jacket."  

   Her big brother slowly started masturbating in front of his sister.  JR
could see the hypnotized look in his little sisters eyes.  He got a kick
at the way her head would bob up and down in time with his thick cock.  

  "Why Not, Pee Wee?"

  Carol could feel her crotch spitting juices.  "Dammit, she thought, "Now
I'm getting too hot!  Why is it JR's dick looks bigger?  It sure would
taste...' Carol snapped out of it and forced her eyes from her big brother
fat dong to his eyes.  The youngster knew she couldn't fight the lustful
feelings.  She didn't even try to rationalize it, this time.   In a flash,
she forgot her own sweet love and instead fixated on the nearest available
male,  Her own brother.  The teen honey smiled and sugared her voice.  

   "Because I'm not wearing anything underneath.  You know that JR."

   JR snapped his fingers and Carol seemed to snap to attention.  "Come here
Peewee, and walk real slow."  The teenaged boy could see his little sisters 
will had broken at the very sight of his prick.

   The hard bodied little girl obeyed him instantly.  Her legs smooth and
and tanned, tapering perfectly into the heels sauntered slowly to him.  
In a practiced walki, her strong young legs never wavered in the stilleto's,
Carol glided to her brother and stopped in front of him when she felt his 
cock brush her just below her breasts.  

  "You can't touch his medals, JR.  Okay?"

   JR was leering more then grinning.  "OK, just take it off and lay it 
over the back of the couch."

   His little sister obeyed him, folding the jacket neatly.  Carol turned
back to him and felt his hand grip her shoulder.  Seeing he had tossed one
of the sofa cushions on the floor, she knew that her eyes would be perfectly
aligned for what her brother would want next.  "What do you want me to do
now JR?"  The submissive blowjob queen couldn't wait for his next command.

   The pressure on her shoulder was firm and steady.  "On your knees, 
Peewee.  You know what to do."

   The tiny suckslut slowly dropped to her knees before her brother, When
Carol felt the pull on her ponytail, her mouth automatically opened and her 
moist lips sucked the head in her mouth.  She couldn't help but moan and 
the vibrations of her humming was pure pleasure for her big brother.
  "MmmmMMmm <Suck! Suckle!>"

   Her brother couldn't believe the ferocity and ease Carol used in taking
his meaty member.  Just the day before she was choking on him and now she
was taking in more and more of his boymeat with each swallow.  "Damn Peewee,
I think you'd suck dick all day if you could.  Wouldn't you?"

   Carol felt the shame.  Her brother was right.  The little teen would
suck cock all day if she could.  She loved the feeling of having a dick in
her mouth and then being forced to do other things.  She could already feel
the rumblings of a climax beginning in her pussy.  Carol nodded her head
in affirmation and her faced blushed with shame.

   Her brother had been dreaming of a repeat performance from his little
sister.  He had sampled a slice of his sisters sexual rampage and now he
wanted to have the whole pie.

"What's gotten into you?  You've been acting like a little slut.  You were
sucking him all night long weren't you?  Admit it.  You been getting banged
by Bubba, haven't you."

  A wince came from Carol at the sound of her brother accusing her of being
a slut.  But how could she argue?  Deliberately letting a boy younger then
she, beat off to her as she modeled her sculpted legs for him.  Sucking
off her teacher in a lurid deal of sex for grades. Her boyfriend's father
taking her virginity.  Seducing her boyfriend and turning him into typical
jerk of a horned out male.  And now cheating on her boyfriend ten minutes
after leaving his slumbering form.  It seemed she had one desire and that
was taking on every male that presented himself to her.

  Carol felt her head being forced up.  Her lips were shiney with drool
and swollen from so much cocksucking.  "Y..yes, He took me.  He took me
hard and fast.  He even fucked me from behind, I hated that.  It's so...so
demeaning to be fucked like I'm some kinda dog."
 
  JR could feel his passion rising.  The idea of his tiny sister with
some giant negro pumping her, making her choke on his black cock made
him crazy with lust.  Quickly he jerked her up and leaned her over the
sofa so that her feet were dangling in the air and her ass was propped
up and ready.  "Good.  Cuz that's just how you're gonna get it from me.
Quit struggling...it will just hurt more."

    "Please JR, Let me finish sucking you off!  Don't take me like this!
I'm your sister..PLEASE!"  Even with her submissive side in full display,
she wanted to save this position for Bubba Jr.

   His little sister tried to get up but was pinned easily by her much
larger older sibling.  JR held still just above her ass with one hand,
while his other seeked her sex.  Her ass was so small, that her now tiny 
used cunt was visible.  "You didn't care I was your brother when you 
blew me yesterday.  It wasn't like I wasn't going to try something anyway.
DAAAAAAMN!  I didn't know you shaved your snatch.  It's...it's so small...
this is gonna hurt a little."

   Carol felt her big brother push at her small cunt.  The little girl 
moaned as she felt him begin to burrow in easily.  Carol felt his abdomen
pressed into her asscheeks.  Her big brother pulled her back so that no
matter what, her feet wouldn't touch the ground and the only thing holding
her up was his meaty member.  
   
  He heard a giggle from his little sister.  "Is that the best you have,
big brother?"  Carol allowed herself a small victory.  After handling her
studs giant member, she handled his eight inch cock with ease.

   JR couldn't believe it.  He was sure that someone so small, so tiny,
would have a tremendously tight pussy.  Carol was loose as a goose.
Disappointed he pulled back.

   And got a shock.

   Immediately the totlike cunt clamped down on the fat member and began
milking it, sending ripples of pleasure to brother and sister.  He tried
to remove his fleshy penis and it seemed to stick halfway.  The siblings
found something that neither really knew.  That Carol's infant like twat
conformed and tightened to whatever sized penis was put in her.

   Suddenly Carol didn't feel like she had any control at all.  She felt
absolutely stuffed.   Bent over the couch, at the mercy of her brothers
throbbing prong, the little girl let out a wail.

   "Wahhh! Take it out, JR.  You feel too fat.  Your dick is too fat."

   JR assumed complete control.  He had a feeling his little sister wouldn't
be able to fight back, while she leaned over and obviously overwhelmed.
He thrust back repeatedly, fucking his little sister, feeling her slick 
juices soak his shaft.  "Shit...whew!  You...been...shit! Too damn tight! 
 Didn't that black boyfriend screw you good little sister.  Tell me! I 
gotta know!"  

   Carol's fists slammed against the cushions as the dogstyle fucking 
continued. JR's style of fucking was simple.  Fuck his little sister 
hard and fast. His ass was a blur as his cheeks clenched and unclenched
on every hard thrust.  All too soon the small girl could feel a climax
growing in her easy crotch.  "N..NO!  I w..won't...tell!"

   JR guffawed and drove home.  "Damn Pussy is so tight!"  He leaned over
grabbing both of his little sisters arm's and pulling her elbows back
so that her breasts stuck out.  Lifting her so that her small soft asscheeks
were resting on his crotch and her slim powerful legs dangled on either side
of his own, JR impaled his tiny sister as she slid down hard on the steel
hard prong.

   Carol let out a slow whine of humilation as she blurted out everything.
"Meewoooo! HE...HE PUT IT IN EVERYWHERE!  MY...MY M..MOUTH, M..MY PUSSY
EVEN...."

   JR finally let his little sister down, but kept her leaned over the 
couch.  He was holding his climax back for the final confession.  "Even
what?  What did he do to you?"  Her brother thrust his thick cock all the
way to the hilt and without withdrawing, he just grinded into his little 
sister, loving the viselike grip of her childcunt and the way the tiny girl
jerked and bucked on his prong.

   The hard sexy grind fuck of her big brother was more then she could
stand.  Carol was an easy cummer and only meager part of willpower had
enabled her hold off before now.  Blinding lights, a shuddering breath. 
As climax after climax washed through her causing her body to ripple
and collapse, Carol finished her nasty confession.  "Unnnn....even in my 
ass...fucker ripped me apart...too big...toogawdamn...big...uHnnnn"

   It was all her big brother needed to hear.  The idea of sodomizing his
little sister was something that had crossed his mind since little Carol
sucked him off the previous afternoon.  He had thought of making his little
sister into his plaything, but it seemed that his neighbor had beat him to
to it.  Now hearing that she had been assfucked, his muscles tightened and 
throwing the tiny teen back over the sofa, his balls released a torrent of 
cum into his sisters pussy.  

  Little Carol could feel him spasming in her tiny slity and as always,
her slutty crotch felt his milky discharge.  She moaned at the way her
big brother filled her pussy.   Spent and useless, Carol let herself be
dragged up, feeling her brother dislodge himself from her nitro nookie.

   JR laughed once as his little sister collasped at his feet.  Holding
up the youngster by her hair. He insolently wiped his remaining cockdrips
on her forehead.  Arrogantly, he simply lifted his sweat pants back up.
"I knew you'd be a good little sister.  From now on, we'll have to make 
that a daily routine."

  Carol was still on her knees.  She balled up a fist and swung wildly.
"NO! I told you to stop.  No more anything for you.  Jerk!"  She remembered
how the day before, it had been JR weak and at her feet. 

   JR stepped out of the way with little effort.  "Yeah, right.  Forget it,
runt.  All I have to do is whip it out and you'll suck it.  Admit it!  Man
you were a little champion. Now you're my easy little sister, admit it."  
He looked down and saw Carol nod her head without thinking.

   Carol knew he was right.  Her blood was too hot for her own good.  All
any guy had to do was expose himself and she'd beg for it.  But her own
brother acting this way.  She denied the truth.  "No...No.. I..."

   JR swaggered to the door, completly relaxed after the quick suck and
fuck session.  "Don't try to lie.  You're not very good at it.  By the way,
I almost forgot.  Tommy Davidson's Mom wants to you stop by and pick up
your babysitting pay and Mr. Rodson from school called.  He wants you in
his homeroom, first thing this morning.  I think he said he already had you 
excused from Gym.  Later Peewee.  I'll try to bring some friends home for 
ya.  Whoa!"  Quickly he scampered through the door.

    Carol just missed hitting him with an ashtray she had flung at him.
She had to think.  Her time table was messed up.  Now the little girl
knew she had no chance to get some rest before school.  Worse, she could
still feel the vacuum in her just fucked pussy.  She noted that at first
she could feel him and the next, she felt absoultely stuffed.   ApparentLy
what her friend Brandi had told was true.  That a young girls twat would
always conform to its natural shape and her natural shape was tiny.

  "Great, my body is easier then I am."  She shook her head forcing it to 
clear.  She had to concentrate on her plan.  Her mind began to work.  She
would need someone there for her master plan and she needed her pussy 
tightened for her teacher in case, he wanted more then just blowjob she
had promised him.  "Dammit!  I know I'm going to cheat on Bubba and I can't
stop myself.  JR is right.  I'm just his easy little sister."

   Heading up the stairs, she just hoped her body wouldn't betray her and
that things wouldn't get out of hand...again.


**************************************
Chapter Fifteen-Tommy takes his wish!
*************************************


     "Hello Tommy, I came to give you something."

       Tommy Davidson was in heaven.  His dreamgirl had actually come to 
see him.  It was worth it that his mother interupted his morning jackoff
session.  He had been jacking off to an imaginary Carol anyway.
  
      "Hi C..Carol.  You really came by her to see me?  I mean..."
   He froze as he took in the sight of the little gymnast.   The little
honey had her hair done in pigtails that drooped down over her pert 
breasts that seem to be growing all the time.  As per regulation, she
wore the school uniform of a white blouse and a plaid skirt that came
well above the knee.  Below she wore short white socks that came just
above ankle and strictly against school regulation, shiney black patent
leather shoes with a single black strap.  

   His eyes were fixed on her muscular legs.  Her skin was now freshly 
showered and scrubbed, hiding away her previous nights lewd indiscretions.
Carol Herself felt exhausted, but with the resilience of youth appeared
bright, fresh and sexually overpowering to any male within sight.   

   Tommy just stared dully until his mother's voice startled him.

  "Tommy, tell Carol she can breakfast with you.  I have to leave for work
now, okay?"  His mother scruffed his hair and smiled at Carol.  "Carol,
here is the money I owe for babysitting Tommy.  I know it must be a little
awkward, but I just feel better if there is someone here I can trust."

   The little honey smiled.  "That's okay, I was going to drop by to give 
Tommy some photos for my fan club anyway.  It never hurts to start grass 
roots for an olympic birth.  Politics, you know."

    Mrs. Davidson nodded and waved as she closed the door.  The instant she
did, Carol turned to Tommy.  "Tommy, are we alone?"

   Tommy shrugged, "Yeah, Dad's at work already.  Can I see the photos?"

   She handed him the photos, delighting in the way he gushed over each
one.  She waited a second and making sure her voice was soft as a whisper,
she spoke to him.  "Tommy, you remember how you jack off to my legs?"

   He dropped the photos and nodded.  "Y...Yeah."

   She moved closer to him, pressing her ripe young tits in his arm. "And
you'd do anything for me, wouldn't you?"

   Tommy smiled.  "Aw Carol, you know I would."

   "Good.  I need two things from you.  One, I'll tell you in a second.
The other I need right now."

    Tommy piped up, "You know it Carol! Whatever you want."  

    The little honey looked up slightly at him.  Even though she was six 
months older, like everyone else he towered her.  She knew now after a
night with Bubba Larren, the false sense of superiority, it gave each guy
when they spoke to her.  Now the little darling knew it would always work
to her advantage when dealing with men.

    "It's kinda...well...its a huge secret.  You promise not to tell?"

     The young teen couldn't believe his luck.  He thought she really
just tolerated him and now she was treating him like an equal. "YES!!"

    "Well, my boyfriend, Bubba..."

     "MANCHILD!"

     Carol grinned to herself.  "Yes Manchild, has been fucking the living
shit outta me..."

     She swore Tommy Davidsom jumped a bit.  She glanced down and saw that
his pants had a definite lump.  She continued.  "...And like, he is really
really huge down there."

     "Bigger then me?"

     Carol bit her lip.  "Tommy, he is over twice as long as you."

     "But not as thick as me.  I'm plenty thick!"

     Carol sighed.  "Uhm, well, yeah he over twice as thick as yours.  The
shaft part is thicker then my wrist.  Thicker then yours."  She glanced 
down again and saw that lump was so obvious it must be painful.  She didn't
understand about why it would turn him on, but all the better for her plan.
"Tommy, he really worked me over.  He made me suck him off, cumming so much
I passed out as it came from my nostrils.  Can you imagine that?  His thick
white sperm flowing from my tiny nose?"

    "Jeezus!"

    She kept his arm trapped between her tits, while her hand balled the
the youthful penile lump in front of his pants.  She kept squeezing him,
enjoying the feel of dick in her hand.  Suddenly, she jerked her hand away.
"Maybe I shouldn't be telling you this.  If you tell your buddies..."

   "NO NO NO! I wouldn't tell!  Keep going!"  

   "Well, thanks, I knew I could trust you.  Well, first he took these awful
photos of him cumming all over my face.  But he is my guy, I gotta do what
ever he tells me.  Next, like I said, he made me suck him off, then he 
leaned me over a few pillows, propped up my ass and fucked me like a dog.
it was so degrading.  But he didn't stop there, he made me suck him hard.
JEEZ!  He was always doing that.  Forcing me to suck him hard so he could
fuck me again.  Then leaned me over again, greased up my ass, held me down
and sodomized me!"

   "GEEEEEEEZ!"

   "...And on top of everything else, he videotaped the whole thing!  
I mean supposed the video gets stolen?  I'm supposed to be a good girl,
but I have to do what he says don't I?"

   Tommy already overwhelmed just shook his so she would just keep going.

   "So now that you know the truth, will you help me?  Please?"

   The boy could feel cum welling up in balls, ready to burst at any moment.
"Sure, Carol, whatever you say.  What do you want me to do?"  In one moment,
he was ready to do her bidding, whatever it might be.  In the next, he
envisioned her huge football player of a boyfriend grounding him into dirt
like a bad cigarette.

   For Carol it had happened again.  She actually had meant to work on 
his adoration and awe of having his own star ask him for a favor.  But
once Carol got rolling, her lewd confession of teenage nymphomania took
control and clouded her mind once more.  

   She resumed feeling his cock through his pants. "Tommy, he is so big, 
that my pussy will become loose. If I suck you hard, will you please fuck 
me so that my pussy will stay nice and tight for him?"

   The young lad was shocked, but not so shocked that he didn't nod his head
up and down in affirmation.  He couldn't believe it when his teen idol 
dropped to her knees in front of him and reached for his zipper.

   The little gymnast yanked on his zipper stopping for a second.  "Gee, 
Tommy, you're so hard!  It's like you are ready to burst right now!  You
won't cum all over my face like he did to me, will you?"

   Davidson shook all over.  "N..no!"

   Carol smiled and forced the zipper down.  "Good.  Bubba cums all over my
face and then makes me suck him hard so he can fuck me for a good long long 
time."  She looked straight ahead at the white cottoned bulge before her
gorgeous face.  "Geez Tommy, it looks like you've gotten bigger.  I hope it
hasn't become too big for me."  With that she hooked her thumbs on his white
briefs and tugged them down till they were bunched up at his ankles.  Her
large green eyes caught sight of the stiff prick.  "OOoooOOoooH Tommy!"

   "What Carol? what is it?"  The sight of his cock bobbing inches from her
face had him ready to blow right then.  When his little dreamgirl let out
the audible moan, he could tell he might not be able to keep his word.

   "I'm sure of it now.  Your dick IS bigger then last time.  You have the
makings of a real monster here.  Try not to choke me, okay?"   Carol could
see the confidence on the boys face.  Her plan was working exactly as 
expected.  By the time she was finished she was sure the lad would do what
ever she asked.  She watched him nod his head, and then leaned her own face
forward.  She jacked his prick a couple of times and tilted her head. 'Hmm
maybe the damned thing had gotten bigger.'

   Two strokes of her soft hand was all it took.  Immediately, the teen 
yelped once and let loose a stream of white jism that shot across her cheek,
staining her smooth tanned skin and pooling on one of her pigtails.  She
managed to clamp down her small mouth over the boys knob catching the rest 
of his tangy offering.  The little wondersuck handled his load easily, but
she to admit 'the little bastard sure does come alot!'

  Tommy watched her head bob a couple of time and smiled a bit as he watched
her swallow repeatedly.  Carol didn't miss a drop, but didn't wipe off the 
small streak of sperm across her cheek or the small droplets at the corners
her mouth.

   Carol could feel cock subside in her mouth till it became a small wet 
noodle.  She spat it out with disdain, wiping her chin.  "TOMMY!  You were 
supposed to FUCK ME!"

   Davidson felt like crying.  "I'm...I'm sorry!"

   "Little Bastard, I barely got in a few sucks!  This was your one shot and
you blew it! WIMP!"  Carol Brazil always quick to anger, was truly pissed.
She really did want the young teen to hump her.  Brandi, her resident sex
expert had told her that doing just such a thing would keep her pussy tight.
Carol with no experience was following her every word.

   The boy was beside himself.  Carol still on her knees before him looked
as if she would kill with just her looks.  "Dammit!  I knew I just couldn't
count on you!  Look at this mess!  You even got sperm on my pigtail!  I can
only count on Bubba."

   Looking down at the little girl, the teenager noticed something that he
hadn't counted on.  Carol Brazil, like all beautiful women, was even more
enticing, more sexier to him, when she was mad; and right now the little 
beauty was furious.   
   
   Tommy could feel his dick becoming larger again at the sight of his 
wetdream with her cheek streaked by his white liquid offering.  Even while 
becoming turned on, his own temper was rising the whole time.  "Quit yelling 
at me."   He could see Carol getting up and in own anger, put his hand on 
her forehead to keep her on her knees.

   "You little Twerp! Let me up! LET GO!"

   Under normal circumstances, Carol knew that even though she was smaller,
lighter then the teen, she also knew that she was rock solid muscle and 
should be able to overpower a slightly larger boy.  However Standing in 
this position, the teen had more leverage then she did and kept her on her
knees.  "NO! SUCK ME HARD LIKE YOU DO WITH BUBBA!"  His hand slipped behind
the nape of her neck and with all of his might he forced her head forward.

   As he forced her head forward, the little girl felt her crotch start to    
tingle.  She wanted to fight, but the feeling of the stiff prick rubbing    
against her cheek was making her crazy.  She could feel her resolve slipping.
'Oh No!', she thought, just the sight of boymeat was making her horny as 
hell! If she couldn't fight off the weak attack of one boy just a little 
bigger then herself, what was she going to do when she confronted with 
Alphonse Jones and his rape gang?

   Above her the high pitched voice of Tommy Davidson piped down at her as
he tangled his hand in her thick black hair.  "C'mon do it!  Just suck me
a little"!  He tugged at her hair trying to force her forward.

   The moment he tugged at her hair, Carol's crotch spit more juices and her   
mouth automatically as she turned her head slightly and captured the boys   
hardness into her mouth.  Unable to contain herself, she let out a moan and
began to slowly bob her head back and forth. "MMMmmMMMmmPPH!"

   Tommy could already feel the blast rushing to explode in her mouth.  But
just having cum only moments before, he found he was able to fight it back.
He kept one hand on her head, pulling her hair slightly to set the rhythm.
"AHHhhHH!  That's it!  Just keep doing it like that!  Damn you like sucking
dick, don't you?"

    Carol shot him another angry look, but still nodded her head as she 
moved her small tounge back forth.   The little cocksucker knew he was 
right, her blood was too hot and she wished that he was bigger so she 
could feel that slight choking in her throat as she forced down a really 
big slab of beef.  As it was, when he pulled on her hair again, she 
relaxed her throat muscles and took his entire length to the hilt, 
burying her nose in the boys wiry pubic hairs.  

   The young boy could feel his dick harden at the nasty look she gave him.
He decided to press forward.  "Right now, I bet you'd like to squeeze my 
nuts.  Do it! squeeze him gently and make my dick pulsed in your mouth."

   The teen beauty raised her head, taking a couple of breaths,  "You 
little Bastard, Bubba is going to beat the shit outta you!"  Even though
Carol didn't want to do it, she couldn't help herself.  Her small hand
shot out and squeezed his scrotum gently, she moaned to herself as she
COULD feel the head grow slight with each squeeze.  In spite of herself
she took her hand, wrapped it around his teenage dick and started working
the youth over, sucking and jacking for all she was worth.

   Tommy twisted his head to and fro, try not to climax in her mouth again.
He tried to lift her head, but she was having none of it.  She took one hand
forced him to fuck her little face.   Finally, almost smacking the girl with
his hand he pushed her onto her back, watching as her skirt raised itself
above her waist.  He saw the thin white cotton panties and saw the wet spot
poised at her small teenaged slit and lunged on top of her, keeping the
leverage so she couldn't get up.  

   Carol knew what was about to happen.  Even though it was what she wanted
when she had come there.  She wanted to be in control, not have this kid,
this teen she babysat, raping her.  But as she felt her panties being pulled
she lifted her hips and allowed the young teen could to slip them off.  He
used both hands to try and force her knees apart, but Carol with muscles 
from years of gymmnastic kept them shut.  The contest went on for a few 
moments until Tommy could feel her strength lessening as surely but slowly 
he spread her legs.  Carol felt exhausted.  She knew she should be able to 
fight him off, but she had no rest and her crotch was betraying her.  Giving
in, she quit struggling and laid there before him.  Thighs spread, knees 
hiked to her waist waiting to be fucked.

   Tommy didn't waist any time.  He leaned forward and snapped his hips    
forward hit the mark on his first thrust!  "Ahhhh! Yes, I knew your pussy
would be too good."

   When his cockknob lodged in her opening she began to lose control, 
arching her hips until only her head and ass remained on the living room 
floor.  "UHN!  No, Tommy No!  You're raping me!  STOP!"  

   The young teen was too lust crazed to listen.  He continued forward, 
packing his teenaged manhood to the hilt inside of the little gymnast.
  For a second, it was just like she thought it would be.  Loose.

   "GEEZ!  You're so loose, I can't feel you."

   Carol smirked back up at him, shaking abit as she felt him pull back.  
   "That's because I was fucked by a man, not a little kid."

   "YOU FUCKING BITCH!"  Davidson pulled back and got a shock.  Her small
cunt clamped down the invading penis and began to milk him of its accord,
sending spasms up and down his spine.  Carol, born with the easy twat of
an easy slut, felt it too.  She went from not being able to feel him at 
all to feeling like she was stuffed.  Now, angered by her acid words,
he slammed back into with all of his might.  "I CAN SO! I CAN FUCK LIKE 
HIM!  I'LL MAKE YOU SCREAM, YOU LITTLE BITCH!"

      The shock hit her like a tidal wave.   Now her twat back to its 
normal diminuitve size, it felt like he had a ten incher down there.  
Carol realized that with pussy adjusting to the size the prick nailing her
that Little Tommy Davidson would have no trouble fucking the hell out
of her.  She winced as the boys jabs and thrusts became more forceful.
"Tommy, Tommy, STOP!  YOU'RE HURTING ME!!"

      Tommy pumped her again.  "HURTING YOU?  WHY?  IS MY DICK BIG NOW?"

      Carol could feel her ass being rubbed raw has tommy delivered stroke
after stroke.  Her voice came out like she was stuttering as the 
teen continued hammering her.  "Y..Ye...Yes,  Its...its  b..b..big!"

      Tommy felt in complete control now.   "GOOD!  Tell me to fuck you 
NOW!  Tell me to fuck you with my big dick!"
      
      It was happening as always.  The feelings totally overwhelmed her
and took control of her body.  Carol was moaning and whining as the fucking
continued.  "Uhn Uhn Uhn FUCK ME!  FUCK ME GOOD WITH YOUR BIG DICK!"

     The vicsious rape continued as Tommy enjoyed every jerk and twitch of   
the little gymnasts body.  "AGAIN!  TELL ME IT'S TOO BIG!!"

    The tiny girl whimpered as his forceful words sent thrills through her
nubile form.  "<whimper> IT'S...IT'S TOO BIG! IT'S TOO BIG!"  Without even
thinking about it, Carol lifted her legs so the youth would have better 
access to her mini-cunt.  Feeling the cock work its magic inside of her
shrunken cunny, her patent leather shoes danced in the air as he obeyed the
young boy, fucking her and fucking her good!

   Tommy continued the banter while delivering.  "Damn, you have a lucky
boyfriend.  I'm flip you over and come all over your face just like he
does."

   Hearing the boys graphic, lewd plans and the ruthless thrusting was all 
it took to send her over the edge.  Carols orgasm ripped through her, making
shake and vibrate. "UUUuuuuhN!  STOP PLEASE!  I...I...."  She never finished
her sentence, babbling incoherently as she wriggled and shook as if she 
were undergoing electric shock.

   Tommy had never seen anything like it.  His little dreamgirl was shaking
and purring at the same time.  Combined with her milking twat and incredible
looks, he never had a chance to flip her over.   The super tingle shock of
own climax took over as he rammed his prick to the hilt, emptying his load
into Carol.  Each time he came, Carol would feel it and it would make her
legs and feet twitch in the air.   

   All too soon, she felt the final weak spurts into her small cunt and felt
his prick slip out of her well fucked cunt.  She wanted more.  She needed 
more, but perhaps she could make the whole thing come out to her liking 
after all.  She forced tears to the surface.  Her glassy eyes took in the
sight of Tommy Davidson arrogantly wiping his the last remnants of his dick
snot on her inner thigh.  She listened to his boastful pride.

    "See? See?  I told you I could fuck just as good as Bubba."

    Carol tried to catch her breath.  The young boy really had screwed the 
hell out of her.   She glanced down at the shrunken noodle and had to stop 
herself from licking it back to hardness.  "No."

    Tommy was taken aback.  "What do you mean, No?"

    "I told you to stop and you didn't.   You raped me."   Carol thought, 
'it was rape alright, but only for the first thirty seconds'.

   The lad was feeling apprehensive.  He had thought if he screwed well,
if he really worked her over, she would come back for more.  The idea of
screwing his idols girlfriend had really turned on.  Now, he felt tingles
of fear.   "But...but you said."

   Carol let her quick temper take control, remembering to stick to her 
plan.  "I said no and when a girl...any girl says no, you gotta stop.  You 
shouldn't have cum inside me cuz I have all the evidence I need now, you 
little twerp.  I'm gonna go to the police and teach you a lesson."

   The young boy broke down.  "NO!  You can't!  They won't believe you."

   Carol found her panties and started to slip them back on.  "You should
have thought of that before you raped me.  Bastard.  Asshole!  President
of my fan club..HAH!  How could you?"

    Tommy was already thinking about his parents more then the police.
 "I'm sorry...I"

    The little gymnast put her hands on her hips.   "Yeah, Bubba will 
 still beat the shit outta you and you'll go to jail.  I hear they like
 young boys like you in prison."

       The lad mind was swimming.  He didn't even realize that he would
be sent to the Juvenile Authorities not prison.  Even then, the thought
of facing enraged manchild struck him with fear. "PLEASE...I'll do anything
..."

       Carol tried to clean her pigtail, undoing her mane and redoing it 
into ponytail.   "Well, maybe one thing..."

     Tommy literally dropped to his knees.   "PLEEEEEEZE!"

      The young girl closed the trap.  "There is one thing.  You know where
gangbang class is, don't you?"

    He nodded his head.  Every student knew the alleged story of Martha  
"Goggles" Glug.  The girl now known as Martha "Gangbang" Glug who caught 
in the wrong hall way, herded into the boys bathroom and was repeatedly 
gangbanged by group of school tuffs.  By the time the teens were through,
She was a ready sex slave for the gang and was well known for taking on 
more then one partner at all times.  The young girl refused to tesify and
with no other evidence the whole incident was hushed up.  No one took the
credit, but everyone knew it was Alphonse Jones and his gang.  

   Since that day, that particular restroom, the furthest away from any
school adminstration, came to be known as "Gangbang Class".  No "nice"
students went in there and girls, if possible always took a wide berth.
 
   "But...but Alphonse Jones and his gang will be there."

   "Don't worry about him.  He'll be busy when you go there.  He always 
waits to see if I'm running late to class so he can hit on me.  Now are you 
ready to hear the plan or are you ready to go to jail?"

   Tommy Davidson nodded his once as Carol laid out her plan to her now
blackmailed thrall.  Carol explained it to him and walked out the door.
She would follow through with her plans but now, she had doubts.  If the
mere sight of Tommy Davidson's little prick got her so hot, she let him
rape her, what would she do if became overwhelmed during her grande scheme.
She didn't relish the thought of being Alphonse Jones's sex toy, it made
her want to vomit.  She had to hope that everything went exactly as she
hoped or she mused, "I had better get used to having a sore ass."

                     

***********************************************
Chapter Sixteen--Fourteen A Small Conversation
***********************************************

   Her shiney black patent leather shoes clicked along the outer hallways.
For once she had plenty of time to make it to Rodson's class.  Besides she 
was enjoying the envious looks she was getting as Bubba Larrens oversized 
well medaled Letterman jacket covered her school uniform.  Instantly girls 
knew that she had done the impossible.  She had converted the unconvertable 
school football hero into her one and only.  

   Brandi stopped her as the two met by her locker.  "Carol, I see it, but
I don't believe it!"

   Carol's smirk was obvious.  "Yup.  Six foot six, two hundred and fifty
pounds of boytoy manmeat and he is all mine."

   "Why didn't you call me last night."

   The youngster looked down and away.  "Ummm, I didn't come home till this
morning.  Oh Brandi, I've been bad."  Looking up and around, she lowered
her voice.  "I'll tell you everything tonight, after I'm done here."

   The busty blonde grinned.  "The virgin Carol has more to tell?  I can't
wait!  Wow! You spent the night with Bubba Larren."

   Carol's eyes widened.  "Shhh.  But um...yeah!  Brandi, I have an idea.
A plan that been in head for a while now."  Carol leaned forward, gripped
her friends arm and whispered in her ear.

   Her blue eyes widened at the idea of Carol taking on the Rape Gang.
Shaking her head, Brandi took a step back.  "You're crazy.  Don't do it."

   Brandi looked dumbfounded.  "Wow! So he's not gay.  Ummm..."

   Carol eyes narrowed.  "I know, I know.  I'll tell you what, show me 
your ruler."  Brandi smiled and produced her tape measure.  The busty little
teen kept it for a specific purpose.  Measuring her conquests penis size.
She handed it to Carol.   Carol stretched it out to five and a half inches.

    "This is Mr. Rodson.  Don't make that face, look."  With that she looped
it making the circumference as wide around as her teachers's pudgy penis.

   "You did Roddy!?"  Brandi put a hand on her chest.  "Wow! Really?  He's
that big around?"  The big breasted teen made a note to improve her grade
at the first opportunity.  She watched Carol put out the length till it hit 
eight inches.  She saw Brandi's eyes get wide.  "Who..."

   "It will gross you out."

   "Tell me, puh leeeze!"

   Carol looked down at the ground.  "JR."

   Brandi appeared to stagger against her locker.  "You did your brother?"

   The gymnast made a face.  "No, of course not.  I just sorta blew him."
Carol blushed.  She would tell her friend the whole truth another time  The
little honey just didn't know how to tell her friend she had become dick
crazy, that the mere sight of erect penis turns her into a complete slut.

   Brandi started laughing uncontrollably.  "You SORTA sucked off your big
brother?  WOW!"  She stopped laughing when she thought for a second.  "Hey,
waitaminnit!  You mean to tell me that your brother has a bigger dick then
any of the guys I've corraled?"

   Carol thought of the way her brother cock filled her mouth and nodded.
"Yep.  By the way, he has the hots for you.  It would be better for me
if you told him that I sent you."

   Brandi made a mental note to seduce him at her next opportunity.  "In my
never ending search for big dicks, I'll be sure to let him know that you are
taking care of him and..."  

   Her voice stopped as Carol moved the tape measure to ten inches.  Thought
about her boyfriends father and moved it out till it measured fourteen
inches.  Without smiling, she leaned forward so that it came out a whisper.
"I fainted when I saw it for the first time.  It was THAT BIG."

   Brandi felt faint.  She would never look at 'Manchild the same way again.
"Geez, it took me years to find one that over six inches and you've found
two bigger already."

   Carol put a hand on her friends shoulder.  "Brandi, Bubba has enough
meat for both of us.  But only if you promise to give him back."

   Brandi hugged her friend, she was honest to a fault with Carol and it
kept the two of them close.  "Thanks Carol.  Um you better go cuz you are 
gonna be late.!  At least you won't have to worry about Rodson any longer."

   The perky gymnast shook her head.  "I'm going to my class with Roddy
now.  He'll be quick and easy nothing I can't handle.  It's not him I'm
thinking about now.  I've got other fish to fry."

   Her friend pleaded with her only slightly, aware of 'made up her mind'
nature.  "You're really going to go through with it?  Well, be careful,
some of those girls end up staying with him you know."

   Carol nodded.  She really wasn't worried about Rodson at all.  The only
person she was worried about Alphonse Jones and his rape gang.  She waved 
bye to her girlfriend and started a leisurely walk that would put her grand
master plan into action.  A plan that she was sure would work.

   If her body didn't betray her.

   Again.


*****************************************
CHAPTER   - Share and Share alike.
*****************************************

   Carol entered the classroom and locked the door behind her.  Turning
she was surprised to see Mr. Rodson wasn't alone.  "Oh sorry, sir.  I can
come back another time."

   
   Vince Rodson waved his hand, "No no, it's alright.  I see you recognize
my brother, Victor.  Vic is the senior adminstrator of the school districts
computer system."

   Carol nodded. "Um, Pleased to meet you sir."  She wasn't sure she liked
the way his brother was eyeing her.

   Vince drummed his fingers on his desk as his brother came around to sit
on the edge.  "Come closer Carol."

   The small girl stepped until she was just out of arms reach.  Vic snorted
"Heh, obiedient isn't she?"

   Carol shot him a nasty look.  "Sir, I think I better be going."

   Vince raised his hand again.  "Now now, Carol, I apologize for my brother
here.  He's just a bit anxious to meet you.  You see, he knows all about
out little detention session and has a deal for you."

   Carol lowered her books and set them on a desk behind her.  She squinted
her eyes.  "What kind of deal?"

   Vic broke in.  "I can guarantee all of your grades for the rest of your
time here, if you let me help Vince tutor you."

    Not being able to help herself, her eyes drifted down and she could
make out the man's penis throbbing in the thin fabric of his pants.  "No..
no, I don't think so.  I can make it on my brains."

   Vic turned nasty.  "You little whore...you put out for Vince, you'll
put out for me!"

   Carol stamped her foot.  "I am not a whore!  I like him...I don't like
you....Asshole."

   Vince Rodson remained calm.  "But don't you love your boyfriend?  Bubba
Larren?  He is barely passing Miss Brazil.  This would be insurance for
his future.  Do it for him."

   The little gymnast loved her big lug.  She wanted to help whenever she
could.  "I...I don't know...I"

   Rodson smiled at his brother and then at Carol.  She was fiesty but
so inexperienced when it came to dealing with adults.   "There's one other
thing you didn't know.  Your boyfriend is retaking a test he failed in just 
a few periods.  Just think what your ...cooperation would do for him."

   'Dammit'  Bubba didn't tell me he was failing this class too!  I could've
helped him.'  Carol made up her mind. "O...Okay, but that means Bubba 
passes everything too!  He never has to study a single day from now on!"

   The two brothers looked at each other and nodded.  Vince smiled "Agreed."

   "Agreed.  What do you want me to do first.  And hurry up because I have
a class after this one."

   Vic Rodson was the older of the two brothers, he loved torturing his
brother with his tales of conquests.  So after what happened the day before,
He couldn't wait to spill his lurid tale.  It didn't take much pressuring
for him to convince his brother to share his little gift.

   And what a little gift.  Victor had watched the olympics and any other
coverage of the gymnastics circuit.  He had seen Carol perched up high on
the balance beam, her perfect body showing its charm to the world.  Now he
was so close.  He was going to love this and the fact that she didn't like
him seemed to make it even better.  "You can start by removing the jacket.
It's too big for you anyway."

   Carol took off the jacket.  She wanted it off as not to taint herself
further.  "I suppose you want me to strip."

    "Yeah and hurry it up.  I want you chokin' on my cock in ten seconds."

    Carol hated him and was grateful when Vince Rodson shook his head from 
side to side.  "No, come here first."  With a small smile Carol obeyed 
sitting in her teachers lap.   The choosy champion actually put one of her
arms around the older mans neck.

    The balding teacher grinned up at his brother, his hands going to the
little girls blouse.  Gingerly he unbuttoned her blouse and slipped a hand
inside finding and squeezing her soft breasts through her bra.  Finally
slipping his hand inside the lacy cup and thumbing her nipple till it 
hardened.  He grinned at his brother.  "You should show some respect to
Miss Brazil here.  A little kindness goes a long long way."

   The small girl shivered as she felt her teacher calmly turned her on.
Carol could feel the lump under her thigh and knew her teacher was ready to
use her.  She shifted her weight so she could palm the bulge her teacher
presented.  The teenager took her time feeling the bulge loving the way it
filled her palm.  She tried to keep her voice to a whisper.  "Mr. Rodson,
I'll do whatever you want, but send him away...PLEASE!"

   Vince Rodson was already feeling the his balls readying for discharge.
He had to do something to hold off.  "Carol, are you sure?  Why don't you
look at my brother.  Perhaps he has something to offer."

   Reluctantly, she turned and froze at what she saw.   Victor Rodson had
enjoyed watching his brother grope the youngster and found he couldn't wait
till the small girl was his.  He had unzipped and pulled his wang out, his 
cock bobbing up and down at the sight of perfect teen beauty.    

    The teen champion swallowed and blurted out the words before she could
stop herself.  "Geez!  You're cock is fat!"  She wished she had stopped 
herself, but somewhere inside of her, it was already too late.  The sight
of cock, being groped and even the pressure of being forced into this deal
had her young juices flowing.  She didn't even notice that her teacher had
finished unbuttoning her blouse and unzipped the side of her skirt so that
it fell away easily.

   Victor eyes saw the subtle change.  The kids breathing had become quick 
and shallow, her already large eyes widening at the sight of his fat prick.
When he noticed her head nodding and saw that it was following the up and
down throbbing of his thick prong, he took action.

    "Carol come here."

    Before she could stop herself, she found herself rising from the safe
lap of her instructor and walking quickly to his brother.  "Yes sir?"  
'Dammit' she said to herself, 'what kind of a slut am I?  I don't even
like this man and I'm doing whatever he says.' She stood before him in only
her teen bra and panties, white ankle socks and black patent leather shoes.

   "Kneel!"

   Instantly she dropped her knees.  His cock hovered over her head.  
Victor saw that even on her knees the girl was too short, too small.  
Without any regard to her comfort, His pudgy hand gripped her pony tail
and lifted her up so that her knees no longer touched the floor but her
mouth was even with his fat cock.

   "SUCK!" He barely gotten the words out before Carol lunged for his thick
dong.  Rodson's rough brother gufawed.  "Damn Vince, I had no idea you had
her trained so well.  Easy there! Suck, don't choke! heh heh!"

   The schoolteacher winced himself.  He never thought that the little girl
could be so quickly dominated.  The way his older brother was using his
little sex slave was too nasty almost too hardcore.  One thing he noticed,
however, was that the little girl wasn't choking.  The teen champion was
handling his brother easily.  "Take it easy with the kid, Vic.  She's a 
champion, not one of your whores."

   Victor guffawed again.  "Look again, Vince.  This little chick of yours
really loves it."  The older brother looked down.  "Don't you slut?"

   Carol could feel her whole body blush and her being forced to nod up
and down by the man gripping her hair.  'Damn him!  I would've said "yes"
if my mouth wasn't filled with dick.'  The honeymouthed teen felt his cock
expand in her mouth and then felt unhappy as the man pulled his fat penis
from her suckling lips, but didn't let go of her hair.

   Victor cocked his head once.  "Whew, you're a damn good cocksucker.  I
bet you've had lots a practice. Now up up up!"  With that he roughly 
pulled her to her feet and forced her to the side of her teachers desk.  The
entire time he never let go of her hair.  "Climb up on your teachers desk,
slut, all fours...you know the position of submission by now."

    Carol whined and winced at the pulling of her hair.  "No...I...I don't
want to be had like this....please...don't..."

    "UP ON THE DESK NOW...SLUT."

    Once again she obeyed the older man against her will.  Carol was so
small she easily fit on his desk.  Humiliated, she spread her soft thighs
and presented her tiny ass for the hated teacher to fuck at his leisure.  
She looked at her teacher still sitting in his chair behind the desk, his 
cock fully exposed.  As much as he didn't seem to like seeing his student 
abused in this rough manner, the whole scene of watching his brother order
around the little champion had turned him on.  Carol looked in his eyes, 
hoping that he would stop what she couldn't.  Her hopes were dashed into 
bleak nothingness as she felt the fat head lodge against her tiny opening.
Her head snapped up, her eyes wide as the bull cock began thrusting into her
tiny pussy from behind.

    The way the man fucked her was ruthless.  Victor would pull back slow
and then thrust forward as hard he as could.  Carol let a out an "uhn"
with each heartless push into her little slit.   She pleaded with her 
teacher to stop his brother.

    "UHN! STop...UHN!..Him, Mister...Uhn <whine> Rodson.  Uhn!  He's too
big! Stop him MMMMMF"

    "Damn this little slut is too tight!  She's making too much noise.
Fill her mouth and shut the little tramp up!"

   Carol saw her instructors thick penis level itself with her mouth as
she was slammed forward again and again.  When she pleaded for mercy,
Carol felt a pudgy hand on her ponytail and her mouth opened automatically.
When her small mouth opened it was immediately filled with thick, fat 
manmeat.

   With all hope of rescue gone.  Carol gave in to the domination 
completely.  Once she did that, it was all over for her.   She couldn't
help wiggling her ass or licking her teachers dick.

   Sandwich between the two brothers, being slammed forward so that she 
was forced to swallow dick with each stroke, the ripples of an intense
climax washed over entire body.  "OooOOOooOhh! NoooOOOo! Cu...cumm..."

  Carol never finshed the sentence as she shook and bucked while the two
men continued fucking her, buffeting her small body back and forth.  Carol
whimpered at the way the crueler brother kept pumping her small nookie
and the slight choking of her teachers dick.  She felt embarrassed at the
ease and willingness, in the casual acceptance of her second dirty little
deal of sex for grades.  But it always gave way to the filling an immediate
need, an almost insatiable lust for men.  

  The little teen could be satisfied.  Bubba Larren had seen to that.  But
the instant her brother exposed himself to her that morning, it started all
over again.  It felt like an irresistable impulse when she visited young 
Tommy Davidson that morning, her brain, a simple cloud of lust  It didn't 
matter whether she liked them or not, she would give in.  Maybe she'd fight
a little but once she got wind of an aroused male, an exposed male she'd 
knew give in and give in quick.  

   The gym champ felt an emptiness in her cunt and a hard slap on her ass.
  "Spin around slut.  I need some more of that killer head."

   Carol lifted her head.  "Yes sir."  and spun around so that she faced 
her tormentors pudgy penis.  Vince was already entering her from behind
while his brother cruelly jerked her head by the hair.  Confused and weak
from her climax, she merely opened and closed her mouth and waited for
the rough older brother to use her mouth.

   She didn't wait long.  Once again, Her mouth was filled with cock as
her teacher took his turn behind her.  A lot gentler, he entered her warm
stretched home gasping at the way she reformed around him.  With her head
pulled back, she was forced to watch the man, she instantly hated his evil
leer and drool as he humilated the girl further.  "That's it slut, suck! 
SUCK!  You love this shit don't you? You'll be a star baby.  I'm gonna get
the rest of my friends and make a little home movie.  You'll do it won't 
you baby?  You'll let me gangbang your little ass, film it and beg me for
more won't you....slut."

   Carol this time needed no help.  Weakly she nodded her head up and down
but never stopped sucking, never stopped bobbing her head back and forth.
Carol never stopped shaking her ass and never stopped cumming.  His lewd 
words forced her over an easy orgasmic falls.  Words that injected images
of being used dominated.  Of hundreds and thousands of men all wanting her.
All wanting to use her.  Colored lights on a black canvass in her mind, 
sexual pleasure waves skim through her body.  The poor sex kitten felt 
exhausted, but she loved being used in this way.  For a second she pictured
herself sandwiched between her boyfriend and his father, impaled completely
on their twin ebony towers and she shuddered, cumming yet again.  

    Victor kept twisting his own head to and fro trying to get a better
angle to watch the cocksucking.  Vince Rodson had closed his eyes long 
ago, unable to watch the obscene tableau with cumming himself.  When the
teacher heard the moan and whimper from his little student, he opened his
eyes and was treated to the sight of the junior miss being forced to swallow
more cock each time he thrust home.  Immediately, he lost his load cumming
in Carols spasming pussy.   "AWWWWWW SHIT! I'm coming! UHOOOOAA!"

   Vince had thoughts of spinning the little girl around and cumming up
her ass, but seeing his brother lose it and the best damn blowjob he ever
had made him forced an orgasm as well.  With one final jerk, he pulled free
of her eversucking mouth and aimed his thick joint right at her nose.

   Carols barely opened eyes saw it right in front of her face and she 
tried to twist away to avoid the blast.  She had no chance.  Held firmly
in place by her own pony tail, the crueler of the two brothers exploded
right on her face pumping out thick white bursts of jism on her nose,
forehead, and finally on her cheeks making a mess of the young teens 
angelic face.  
   
   Through it all, she heard leering laughter come from the older brother.
"Heh Heh Heh...Told she you was a little slut.  Vince, I didn't know you
could pick 'em.  I love giving facials."  Carol felt her head being pulled
back further.  "Clean it slut.  Clean that fat prick till it shines.  DO 
IT...SLUT!"

   Once again she couldn't help herself.  A tug of her hair.  An exposed
penis.  That was all it took.  She knew he was right.  She nothing more
then a little whore, she thought.  An easy slut made to be gangbanged.  
Her head went forward and she licking the fat member clean, feeling it
begin to grow again for round two.  

   Carol didn't stop licking the rehardening prick even when she felt her 
teachers belly lift itself from her small ass, unpacking his penis from 
her tiny cunt.  Carol large eyes took in the sight of her teachers penis,
slick with her own pussy juices, dangling limp in front of her face.  The
youngster knew she had to clean that one too.  She let one brother move
away as the other stepped in front.  The once proud champion remained in
position taking her time sucking the two men clean, loving the meaty feel
of both men's tangy members.  

   She loved cleaning that prong.  Carol loved the feel of any cock in her
small mouth, she loved the taste of sperm and being used as sextoy for the
two men.  She started thinking about what it would like to be gangbanged. 
'I'm nothing but a whore anyway, what's the difference.' It took a moment
but she finally picked up on what the older brother was saying.

   "...and I'm telling you Vince, we'll make fortune pimping the little
hooker for all of the conventions.  Man...I gotta fuck her again.  Let
her suck you hard again, she'll do it."

   Carol heard the man and stayed in the dog position so the hated man 
could use her again.  Suddenly she heard a smack.  Lifting her head, she
could see the older of the two siblings on his butt rubbing his jaw.  Her
vision was blocked, but she heard and understood everything that was now
happening.  There was a struggle going on.

   "I told her to treat her with respect.  I never should've told you about
anything. What the fuck was I thinking?"

   "Vince, she wants to be used.  Think of the money we can make."

   "Victor, you have one chance to gather your things and leave now.  Oh, 
and don't forget the deal you made with young miss Brazil."

   "Well...maybe after one mor..."

   A stubby hand shot out and slapped his older brother hard.  "NO!
I told you...Carol Brazil is a champion not a whore."

   By now Carol was sitting on the edge of the desk,  Hiding behind her 
fat teacher who stood with his pants open and both fists balled up.  She
felt a little better that her teacher would stand up for her.  The gymnast
could feel the tension in the air between the two brothers.  Victor looked
as if he were ready to pounce, when he suddenly relaxed, took a step back
and began fixing his clothes.  "Sure...sure thing, Vin.  I just wanted a
shot at the chick anyway."

   The tough balding old man now seemed more regal.  "You just remember,
the girl and her boyfriend have a free pass from here on out.  And if one
word gets out about this, don't forget I have some goods on you too."

   Victor Rodson straightened his tie. His appearence was smooth like 
snake oil.  "The Junior Miss Club...?  You wouldn't...?  One look at his
brothers eyes told him that the teacher would not hesitate to levy heavy
reprisals at his older sibling.  "Alright Vince...not a problem.  You, uh,
give me a call."   The man eased to the door, opened it and left.

   Rodson turned to his little student.  The hard bodied teen stood before
him, looking at him with adoration.  He could see her chin still glistened
with spit and sperm that trailed to dried white spots on her apple tits.
He could feel his own cock lurch as he watched his own semen drip from her
shaved snatch.  

   With a firm resolve, He became a teacher once again.  "Miss Brazil, get
dressed."

   Instantly Carol obeyed him, going to her backpack to produce a towel.
She came back to him and handed it to him.  "Sir, I'm...I'm a mess.  Will
you help me?"

   Rodson simply nodded.  Inside it was all he could do to not tell her
to lean over and spread 'em.  As much as he wanted to, he fought back and
won.  "Of course.  Hold still. Well..."  As he started cleaning her tits,
Carol let out small moans, but rebuttoned his shirt and tightened his tie.

   Without a word, he watched her dress, fixing her hair back into its ever
present ponytail and zipped up her skirt.  She turned back toward him,
looking now like the innocent young school girl rather then a brazen
school sex toy.

   "Sir?"

   Rodson blinked twice.  He had been hypnotized by her teen beauty. "Uhm,
Yes, Miss Brazil?"

   "Your thing is hanging out sir.  It's still pointing at me."

   The two laughed more at relief, then the ridiculous way her teacher
looked.  Rodson painfully stuffed it in his pants, remaining slightly still
hunched over.  He tried to picture Latifah Jones and he could feel his semi
hardness lessening.   Carol came before him and looked up.  "Sir, why did 
you stand up to your brother for me.   I thought you ...."

   Rodson folded his arms.  "...thought you were a slut?  No.  That whole
episode was my fault.  I misjudged my brother.  and furthermore..."  He
stood up in full teacher mode, a tower of counsel.  "Remember this, Right
now, you are hotblooded.  You may be one of the hottest little teens to 
grace our school, but that doesn't mean you have to give in to every dick
you see.  Do that and then you are a slut.  Choose and you're just like 
every other girl should be....in charge of your OWN destiny."

   Carol could feel the tears well up and then fall.  She leaned on his
chest.  "But you don't know...I just get so hot so fast and then I get
confused and the next thing I know, I'm just so ripe...so ready."

   Rodson fought back the natural feel again.  "No.  Remember who you
are.  Your Guy is the biggest jock on campus.  You are the prettiest girl.
Yes. Yes, You look like a champion to me."

   Carol felt refreshed.  Finally something else to think about.  "Thank you sir.  From now on, I'll choose and
sir...?"

   "Yes Miss Brazil?"

   "I think...I think I still will blow you cuz....well I may want to.  But
no more sharing and I'm saving my nookie for Bubba from now on."

   Rodson shook his head.  'you can cool her down, but never cool her off.
He'd be forced to live with just teenage blowjobs. Life is hell.'  Through
his lecherous times at the school, the man sampled more then his share of
teenage beauties.  Not once had the girls ever reported him and more then
once he had saved many a career.  If he could make up for his terrible, 
gross misjudgement of his brother, he promised himself that he would.

  He smiled "Of course, Miss Brazil.  Now go to study hall, I have a 
certain football player due here for a test.  Go and stay out of trouble."

   Carol beamed a perfect smile.  "Gee, Sir, I always try and stay out of
trouble.  It just seems to find me."

   The teenager literally skipped to the door.  Her schedule was painfully
light due to her status on campus.  Besides it was time.  Now she would
know exactly where Bubba and Rodson would be located when she took on
Alphonse Jones and his rape gang.

   
****************************************************************
Final Chapter (18)  Carol Brazil Vs Alphonse Jones and The Gang.
****************************************************************

   Carol deliberately strolled by Latifah.  The girl and her girlfriends
eyes widened at the sight of Carol Brazil wearing the School Hero's Medal
Jacket.  The Fat girls toothy smirk confronted her ever present whipping 
girl.

   "Hey Runt, Whatch'all think yo be doin'"

   Carol mimicked the black girls accent.  "I think I be minding my own
bizness.  You said black by birth or injection.  How do you think I got
this jacket?"

   For a second, two of Latifah's home girls stepped forward.  In a 
show of mutual respect, the toothy black girl stopped them.  "Naw, 
she be knowin' da rules.  Bubba knows 'em too.  Until she go alien 
on us, she be a sistah now."

   A grateful Carol couldn't believe it as several of the girls gang 
tried to make small talk and even convinced Carol how cool her hair would
look with beads and braids.  The little champion knew that this was just 
a start, but she hoped at the very least, she'd be able get to her classes
on time.  Her newfound friendships came to an abrupt halt as she asked 
Latifah for slack from her brother.

   "Listen up you little ho'.  My brother does what he wants.  If he's 
botherin' you, then you gotta stop him.  B'sides, you got de big gun now."
Carol thought to herself that the girl had no idea how big a gun she had.

   The bell rang and Latifah and her girls drifted off.  Carol knew where
she was going and continued her stroll to collect credits with her new
oversized Lettermen Jacket.  A letterman jacket that belonged to the new,
aggressive, Bubba Larren.  Her pace increased as her demeanor changed from
easy relief to anguished anticipation. 'I have do have the big gun now and
I'm gonna use it.  He's not gonna intimidate anyone when I get through
with him.'  The tiny tiger drew upon an inner peace and slowed her steps,
watching the students thin out in number as she approached the worst halls
in the school.  

  The police couldn't move in without solid proof.  The principal and his 
own agenda didn't interfere with condemning evidence as well.  The vice
principal Rodson seemed to want end the boys influence but seemed to be
waiting for someone to take a stand.  

  Carol Brazil wanted to take that stand.  Her gait became easy and yet
deliberate as if controlled by an irresistible impulse.  She knew what
was going to happen and seemed to welcome the clarity of thought.

   Her leisurely walk brought her by the same boys bathroom where she had 
almost been gangraped about a week ago.  Almost on cue, Alphonse Jones came
from the swinging door.  As always he was surrounded by two of his gang.

    "Damn girl, I don't believe it.  You must be asking for trouble comin'
round here again.  You know I owe you for the trouble you caused me."

    Carol grabbed the big letterman jacket for strength.  "Why did you have
to get Latifah to finish my light work."  Just meeting the rapist sent
chills through her.  She knew the way her body short circuited when a male,
any male began to get rough with her.  She remembered how she lifted her
hips for Tommy Davidson and swore to herself that she wouldn't do it for
this human refuse.

    Jones couldn't believe it!  The nerve!  One snap of the fingers and his
cronies literally picked her up by the jacket and carried her into the boys
bathroom again.  Instantly, the ten teens surrounded her like a pride of 
jackals.  At the same time, several younger youths flew from the bathroom
into the school hallways.  Carol recognized only one and wondered briefly
if Davidson had joined into the gang.

    Alphonse was the last one in the lavatory.  He towered over the small 
girl while he picked his teeth with a toothpick.  He flicked it away and 
took in her beauty.   "So yo' little ass came back here to finish the job, 
huh?"

    Brazil rolled her her eyes.  "What job Alphonse?  Let me outta here, I
gotta go."  Her inner voice told her to stay calm, don't give in and no
matter, just stay calm.

    Alphonse reached for his top jean snap.  His young face turned hard.
"You know what I'm talkin' 'bout you little bitch!  You owe me a blowjob!"

    Carol remained unimpressed.  Brazenly she rolled her eyes again showing
an expression of boredom.  "Give you a blowjob?  But Alphonse, really, I 
want a meal, not a snack!"  

    Jones could feel his anger welling up.  He raised a hand to slap her, 
but stopped when he saw the defiant look in her eyes.  "Feisty, still?  
Uh uh uh, I remember that look on your face when I whipped it out.  How 
you were jerkin me off and how you were going to suck me off and then beg 
for more."

    The little gymnast could feel her bullet nipples tightening and was 
thankful the jacket hid her hardening nips.  In spite of her revulsion for
Jones, his tough talk working its magic.  She thought of her plan and held
firm.  "That was all in your mind, Al.  I only go for men, not little boys."

   "YOU LITTLE...Alright boys, put her back on her knees and take the jacket
off her little bod.  I want to fuck her on it."

   All at once, Carol lept for Jones and managed to slap him across the face
before the three boys caught her and dragged her back kicking all the while.
Gripping her arms tight till she winced in pain, They stripped the prized 
letterman jacket from her and took a step back.  Carol tried to catch her
breath noticing how her breaths were becoming jagged.  Her mind retold the
tale of her cherry busting rape that turned into a hot fuck session and
she fought not to tremble in front of the gang.  She couldn't let them see
how being forced into the sex act was affecting her.  Carol knew how she
turned into a sexual demoness when just one male forced himself upon her.
She remembered how she easily and willingly she submitted to two men just
earlier in the day.

  Jones clapped his hands once and the signal went out to his gang.  Her
thin white top was ripped from her body leaving only her thin white bra.
Carol realized that her nipples were now rock hard and raised her arms to
hide her nakedness but only succeeded in bunching her tender breastmeat
into soft bundles of flesh for the imminent gangbang. 

  He clapped twice more and the gang went for her skirt, two boys held her
while two more ripped her skirt, panties and bra from her body.  Her small
strong body tossed to and fro as her clothes were reduced to tattered shreds.
When they were done, there was not a stitch of clothing left on her tight 
little form except for her black patent leather shoes and small white ankle
socks.   Almost completely nude from the forced strip, the feelings she had
endured for the past weeks came forth again, and staggered her a bit.  The
youngster was sure a small climax was building quickly and she fought to
keep her head clear.  She knew she was supposed to scream now, but there
were so many boys there and all of them wanted her.  Not knowing her inner
feelings the same boys who had stripped her, forced her to back to her knees
and left her there trembling.

   The catcalls went from the gang as they retreated. Still surrounding her
but now enjoying the show of their well planned methodical forcestrip of the
tiny teenager with the perfect body.  Carol was humiliated as she remained 
on her knees.  But something that tiny girl hadn't counted on was happening.  
She could feel her mouth grow thick with spit and her crotch becoming sticky.
The teen beauty was becoming turned on as the boys dominated her.  If she
didn't start her master plan soon, she knew she'd on her knees chugging down
sperm all day long!

   The ringleader leered at her in victory.  He had seen too many girls in 
this same position give in to their natural hot blooded nature.   Alphonse
raised both hands like a carnival pitchman.  "Well fellas, whatcha think of 
the little girl now?"

   "Little girl, hell!  Look at those tits!  I think I'll get me a titty 
fuck first!"

   Carol turned to that boy still on her knees, she wished that he would 
stop talking and just do it to her.  Her grand plan was unraveling fast as 
her own hotblooded, slut crotched body was sending messages to her brain.  
She didn't even know she was rubbing her breasts and tweaking her nipples.
   
   "Man she is perfect!  Small, but perfect!  That little bitch will scream
when I start buttfucking her!"

    The little teen felt a small moan escape from her lips and wondered if 
she should offer up her ass.  She turned to the teen eyeing his cock, 
already taking its measure.  

   "She won't be screamin too loud with my cock stuffed down her throat!"

    Without even thinking, the little darling turned to that teen and slowly
licked her lips, while eyeing his cock.

   "Look at her nipples man!  L'il slut is getting turned on just thinking
about us."
    
   Hearing that her hands went to her apple tits and she turned to that boy
squeezing her young mammeries together to make her breasts seem fatter, 
forcing the nipples to poke out over her small hands.

   "Geez, look at that shaved snatch.  It'll be like fucking a twelve year
old with tits.  I like it!"
   
   The little dick slut moved her hand down to her crotch, rubbing her
smooth mound.  She had to stop herself from bringing her own self off.

   "Man, just look at the tiny ass!  Just at them small butt cheeks.  
I'm gonna take her doggy style!"
   
   Carol stayed on her knees, this time she had to stop herself from
going to her hands and knees.  Just thinking about being fucked in that   
position sent a small ripple of pleasure thoughout her entire body.  Her
mind was a fogged blur of lust, her body was a knot of desire and she
wanted each and every male to take his turn with her.

   Jones snapped his fingers and one by one the boys started unzipping their
pants.  Carol still on her knees, could feel her crotch becoming sticky and
wet as she surveyed the boymeat all around her.  None matched Bubba, but it
no longer mattered.  She could feel the desire welling up to bursting. A
single burning thought stayed in her mind.

   Carol Brazil needed dick and she needed it now!

   The only two who didn't expose themselves were the ringleader and the 
lookout.  The gangleader was already shaking his head in victory.  Some of
his victims simply cried and endured the gangrape, others gave in to a
deeper desire and performed each act and every command with a thinly veiled
hatred.  Few, very few actually gave in totally and absolutely.  Alphonse
could see that Carol was the last sort and now having enjoyed the cat and
mouse approached the latest introduction to his raped harem.  Swaggering
as he stopped, Jones stood before her and slowly unzipped making it a show.
He sighed as the cool air hit his dick that was already straining not to 
blow its load at the sight of his captive on her knees awaiting his every
pleasure.
 
   "Well girl, I know a hot little slut like you is dying right about now.
Start here and I'll let you have my pals here.  One by one."

   The offer was too good for his latest victim to resist and it took a
supreme effort not to immediately nod her head and tell the boys to line
up.  Carol fought back her desire with all of her might.  She knew she had
a plan to end this humilation and intimidation and it took her last bit of
willpower to force her mind not to give in to her body.  The small girl 
made sure her voice was soft as honey.  "But Al, you forget one thing about
that cock of yours."

   Jones leered down.  Damn, she was more then cute, more then darling and
he would enjoy defacing every bit of her unattainable beauty.

   "What's that honey?"

   Carol's voice suddenly became harsh "I told you, before, I ALREADY 
FLOSSED THIS MORNING!"

   Jones became enraged.  "Alright, tramp.  This coulda been easy on you.
This coulda been fun for ya.  But if big ones are all you dig.  I'll let 
Mule go first, then the others and by the time I get to you you're gonna 
beg me for more!  MULE!  Get yo ass from the door and start the proceedings 
for Little Miss Gym Slut!"

   The teen at the door peered out one more time and turned toward Carol.
"Uh sure thing Al."  He stopped a foot away from the kneeling little girl
and like the others, unzipped and let his prong snap forward.

   Carol's blue eyes went wide and her hand flew to her mouth.  Every
thought she had of some master plan disappeared at the sight the healthy
teen, aroused and exposed."GEEZ!  ITS SO BIG!"  She blurted out before she
could catch herself.

   Indeed the boy named Mule nodded knowingly.  He had come to expect this
whenever he exposed himself to some unsuspecting young girl.  While he 
wasn't as near as long as her boyfriend.  In fact, he was only about six 
inches in length but he was every bit as thick with a fat head that inspired both 
fear and desire.  He didn't hesitate.  With one he reached out and grabbed 
the naked gymnasts ponytail.  

   Carol was too well trained and her mouth opened instantly, as she lunged
for the teens thick cock.  It filled her mouth completely.  As always her 
eyes never closed as the more he pulled her hair, the more cock she would 
swallow as her head began bobbing up and down of its own accord!

   Mule threw his head back.  "AW MAN OH MAN, THIS LITTTLE CHICK SUCKS DICK
LIKE A PRO!"  He had seen the gorgeous honey many times and never dreamed
she'd be choking on his beer can shaft!  The fat dicked teen loved the way
she sucked him off with her eyes wide open, adoring the shaft he was 
feeding her as he held her head in place.

   The little darling was beside herself.  He kept pulling on her hair and 
she acted on instinct, sucking and licking the boys thick member for all she 
worth.  Her small hand tried without success to close around the fat peg as 
her head bobbed back and forth.  She gave up and her other hand shot out and
started a sweet rhythm of squeezing the boys nutsack while giving head to 
the first of her attackers.  "MMMMFFF!" was the only sound she could make, 
besides the small moans and whimpers that escaped from her turned on body.

   Jones waved his hands, taking control of the situation.  "HOSE! LOG! Get
in their and get her hands busy!"

   With perfect timing, the two teens forced her hands from Mules thick cock
and into her small hands.  They started the rhythm, but Carol picked it up
and kept jacking them off while sucking cock at the same time!
  
  Little Carol was being overwhelmed.  As each cock was placed in her hands
she tried to talk with the fat cock still filling her mouth.  The sounds 
came out muffled. "AWp!  OH GAW, THER AW SO BID!  AW TWEE JUS SO BID!"

   Indeed, the three boys were the most well hung of the gang.  Mule with 
his cokecan cock, stuffing his too thick prod down the well trained throat 
of the little miss while Hose came in one side, as long as his namesake with 
nine inches of dick, big, but as as wide as Mule.  And finally Log.  A boy 
second in thickness to Mule, but not as long as Nine incher in her other 
hand.  Combined, about two feet of dick were in her hands and mouth.  She 
had to keep turning her head to and fro as others impatient for their turn,
came up to squeeze her tits, rub their dicks on her supersoft skin and feel
up her tiny ass!

   Carol knew from practice that the bigger dicks DID take longer to come. 
But now the little wonder had practiced sucking from the fat five incher of 
her teacher to the enormous fourteen inch pussyprod of her boyfriend.  Her 
head bobbed back and forth handling the too thick horn of Mule.  Her throat 
now relaxed and confident jammed down the entire six inch length taking over
the pace in a cocksucking frenzy.  Time and time again, her eyes drifted 
down to the boys huge chunk of cock as his brown crispy pubic hairs would 
focus and unfocus in her beautiful eyes again and again.

    Mule himself was shaking.  He had never been handled so easily.  He had
never seen anyone take entire slab of meat down their throat, pull it out 
and then force it down again with such practiced ease. He had never had 
anyone so damned beautiful, yet with the innocent look of a little girl 
give head with such reckless abandon. He could feel his nuts tightening and 
the familiar blast that every man knows was welling up for his cocksucking 
slave.  He had already noticed that whenever he tugged on her hair, she 
would open her mouth or choke down more of his mulelike dick.  It was too 
nasty as he could see the spit flowing down her chin and her not caring.  
He was fighting with all of his might when Carols small cockjacking hands 
reluctantly left the big dicks to finish off the one in her mouth.

    "I'm losing it! aw shit it's gonna be a big load!"  Without even 
thinking of her comfort, he lifted the small girl and found he could 
suspend her from her thick black hair.

  The memories of the previous night raced back through her.  The memory
of how she loved the feeling of helplessness and the stupid grin she gave
her boyfriend as she told him how it didn't hurt and to pull her hair. Now
slightly swaying, and straining a little, Carol lifted her head wrapped both
hands around his fat cock and still jacking him inches from her gorgeous 
little face, turned her voice into honey.  "Do it, Mule!  Come for me. Cum 
on my face. Do it!"

   Mule heard the soft words, felt the soft hands and when she winked at 
him, it more then he could take!  "AAAAARGH!!! YOU LITTLE....AAARGH!"  
The first blast leapt from his cock and shot across her tanned cheek, 
leaving a streak of white cum that plastered her left eye shut!  

 His fat scrotum contracted again as he pulled her ponytail making the well 
trained little suckslut lunged for his cock and locking her lips across 
around the fat fleshy knob.  The big dicked teenager kept spewing cream that 
filled her mouth to overflowing.  Her mouth filled with jism, the excess 
leaked from each side of her mouth and flooded the passage to her windpipe.  
With her mouth filled with sperm and without an exit for the overflow, it 
backed up and started flowing from her nostrils in twin rivers of thick 
white sperm!

    The sight was the nastiest any of the boys had ever seen.  The little 
girl with her knees lifted slightly from the ground suspended by her pony
tail, her face now covered with sperm that flowed from her small mouth and 
tiny nose.  The boys on either side began shooting their loads as well, 
leaping out to cover her shoulders, and cheeks that became a white pearl 
necklace on the naked little honey.  

   Mule collasped, falling back and releasing his hold on her training tail.
The two boys also spent, stepped back to catch their breath eagerly awaiting
their turn for round two when the gangbanging would begin.  

   Carol herself, was still on her knees, trying catch her breath as each 
time she exhaled, sperm would flow from her mouth and trickle from her 
babynose.  'Mule came almost as much as Bubba', she thought.  Not enough to
knock her out but more then anyone else so far.  Her head still light,
heard the hands of Alphonse Jones clap and the boys began to line up for 
an assembly line suckoff by the little girl.  Alphonse took to the head of
the line and grabbed hold of her ponytail, lifting her from knees the way 
that Mule had done.

   Training took over and the little gymnast automatically opened her mouth.
Carol waited for Alphonse to get his muchawaited blowjob as she kneeled 
before him.  Out of breath, her little mouth open and waiting for the second 
oral rape to begin.  The sight of the little girl, covered with sperm made 
his cock harder then it had ever been before.  He tugged her hair and her 
mouth opened automatically, lunging for his dick.  He pulled away keeping it 
just out of range of her eager mouth.  He guffawed in victory!

   "Check it out, fellas!  She can't wait to choke down my dick."  He pulled
her ponytail, again and again, watching her open and lunge for his crotch 
each time.  He was careful to not let her have what she so desperately 
wanted. "See guys, I can spot 'em.  Admit it bitch!  You want to suck my 
dick, don't you?"

   Carol in shame and humilation, nodded ever so slightly.  She was too 
weak to fight him.  To turned on to say no.  Alphonse didn't hear it, but 
the tiny sex queen whispered it.  "Yes, I want to suck your dick."

   "Yeah, bitch, you want to suck me off and then beg for my friends too! 
C'mon you little gymnast slut, admit it!"

   Once again, her nipples hardened even further as she nodded again.  She
was ready to beg.  Ready to do whatever he wanted.  Her blood was boiling 
and she was just too hot to say no.  All the dickmeat around her, hard, 
youthful and ready for her to devour.  She was still on her knees, barely 
lifted from the ground, she just had no more fight left in her and worse, 
she knew he was right.  She wanted to suck them all off and then just 
be gangbanged until she couldn't walk.

   All thoughts of any plan were gone.  Gone were dreams of a wonderful
life with her high school boyfriend.  The only thoughts in her head was how
she was going to please her new master and his friends.  She had tried to
fight her oversexed nature and failed.  She had taken on three teens at 
once and all in front of the dreaded rape gang and her worst enemy.
   
   Alphonse looked down at her, waiting for her new master to take what he 
wanted.  His leer was evil and vicious.  "I told you, this coulda been easy
on yo little ass!  But you had to be tough, had to act bad.  Now you little
slut gymass bitch.  Suck my cock! SUCK MY BLACK COCK NOW!"

   Carol felt his the salty taste of his precum on her lips, but kept
her lips pressed together.  Her head moved back as Alphonse pushed hard to
gain entrance into her mouth.   When her head was battered back, the new
teen slut saw a flash in her mind.

   Bubba Larren Sr. : "You sure look like a champion to me."
   Carol started to struggle a little more.  Jones jerked her pony tail
again.  The reflex to open her mouth came, but the young girl fought the 
overwhelming urge to suck.

   Another Flash of memory
   Vince Rodson : "The girl is a champion, not a whore."  In spite of
the overwhelming urge, and her own hot blooded crotch begging her to 
give in to her attackers, the teenager held firm, feeling the boys prick 
press against her nose.  She remembered not to kiss his dickhead as it
moved across her mouth like cock lipstick.

   A final flash of inspiration.
   Bubba Larren Jr. :"I'll always love you Shorty."  The last memory
was one that did it.  It relaxed her.  Gave her strength.  Al Jones
frowned, but noticed that her demeanor had changed.  She no longer
seemed scared, horny and confused.  He gave one more hard tug on the
teen champion's ponytail and smiled to himself when Carol opened her
mouth the way she had been trained to do.
                                                       
   Al moved his dick toward her mouth and at the last instant, her small 
hand shot up and slapped his dick away as hard she could.   "OOWWW! DAMNED 
LITTLE BITCH!"

   Carol Brazil had fought back again.  The same determination that had made
her state champion brought her back from the brink.  "Never you needled dick
twerp! Never!  I just wanted you to see what you'll never have!"  She 
inhaled once and screamed at the top of her lungs!  "BUUUUUBBA!!  BUUUBA 
HELP!"   

   Alphonse pulled her hair and her mouth opened again.  She shut it but 
still she was too well trained not to lunge a bit.  Alphonse moved his dick 
toward her mouth.  He waited till it was just an inch away.  "Yo fuckin'
faggot of a boyfriend can't help yo ass now!  Now suck me, you tiny assed 
bitch!"

   With one more tug, the little darlings mouth opened, but it was the loud 
crashing sound of a door being destroyed that suddenly riveted his attention.

   Bubba Larren Jr. had arrived.  
   
   Alphonse felt a blinding pain as Carol hand made a fist and she hit his
exposed ball sack with all of her might. Alphonse crumbled to his knees in
blinding pain.   On his knees in front of the little gymnast he opened his 
eyes to see her small fist zero in on his right eye.  His head snapped back.
When he reached out, Carol was already gone from his reach.

  Alphonse tried to regain his focus.  The gangleader heard a small 
female voice sounding out clear.  "GET 'EM, BUBBA!  GET 'EM!"  There
was some more yelling and Jones heard the sound of flesh hitting the
bathroom floor.

  As his vision returned, he was terrified to see the last of his ten man 
gang in a stack of bodies piled thigh high.  Carol no longer naked now had 
her man's letterman jacket back on.  In less then ten seconds, Larren had 
made short work of his entire gang.  

  Now he was alone.

  Jones couldn't believe it.  He had no idea that the youth could show such 
ferocity as to demolish his gang in so short a time.  The gangleader looked
at the tiny girl and how she was held by the giant teen and knew that no 
matter what he said, it would turn out bad for him.  He could see the look
of triumph on the young beauty's face.

   Carol could feel victory and tears.  In one evening, she had garnered
the biggest stud on campus as her boyfriend, destroyed the terrible rape
gang and along with an "A" in her hardest class, she had gained a free ride
for her and her man for the rest of their time in school.  She had even
found a powerful ally in her teacher, Rodson.

   The soothing voice of Bubba calmed her.  "You okay honey?  What did they
do to you."

   Carol simply pointed her finger at Alphonse Jones.  Larrens baritone
filled the air.  "You touched my girlfriend?"

   Jones's mind was racing fast. Maybe he could embarass the teen and slide
out.  "Yeah, I touched her.  See she wanted a real man, not a needle dicked
muscle bound twerp."

   Carol looked up at Bubba.  "See?  He admitted it.  Beat him up for me,
Bubba."

    "Thanks Shorty, I didn't need a reason anyway."

   Jones was too slow to avoid the hulking giant.  In one step he closed
the distance, grabbing the last gang member and slinging him to the wall.
Jones could taste blood in his mouth from the sheer impact.  Almost 
certainly he had broken several ribs.  He couldn't breathe and felt frozen 
to the spot as the huge fist closed and hit him right between the eyes.

   He sank to his knees and put his hands as he pleaded for mercy.  "ST..
STOP! I..."

   Carol Brazil stood in front of Bubba holding him back.  "Wait Bubba.
I want to give him one chance to walk out.  IF he does one thing."

   Jones hands were clasped together.  "What...What can I do?"

   Carol hand moved quickly, but seemed to move in slow motion to Alphonse
Jones.  Her small hands unsnapped the top jean snap and she tugged hard 
with both hands.  Deftly she reached in extracted the giant limp member.

   "See Al, I wanted a meal, not a snack."  For the first time Carol knew
what penis envy felt as she saw the awe, fear and respect Bubba's too large

member inspired even in the gang member.  "This is what you've been calling
'microcock'.  Suck him off, Al.  Suck him off and you can walk out."

   Jones looked at the giant fist ready to strike him again.  He saw the
smirk on the little beauty as she smoothed and petted the giant black dick.
The gangleader felt vomit rush forth from the pit of his stomach.  He slowly 
leaned forward.

   "STOP!"  Carol barked.

   Bubba as always did as his little beauty commanded.  IT seemed strange
and even awkward but if Carol wanted him to make this guy suck him off as
some sort of revenge that was fine with him.  Al felt a little relief as
he obeyed his former jackoff artist.  Her voice was soft.  "Grab it first
Al.  There's plenty of room."  She pumped it a few times, loving the way
it thickened and hardened in her grasp.  

   Jones swallowed once.  He reached out but just before he made contact,
Carol barked another order.  "STOP!  FREEZE!  Look at the door Al."

   The beaten gang leader did as she commanded.  When he looked, he saw
that a group of students had heard the commotion and were watching now.
All they could see was Alphonse Jones, Leader of the Rape Gang on his knees
ready to suck off the school football hero.  

   "Say Goodnight Al."

   "huh?" 

   When he turned his face again all he could see was a smile on Carol's
lovely face and her small fist zeroing in.  A flash of pain and blackness.

   Carol shook her hand as she regarded the slumped over body of Alphonse 
Jones.  "Hmph Waddya know? Glass Jaw."

   Bubba craned his head.  "Naw, that was just a nice right cross."

   Carol hugged her boyfriend.  "Thanks, Big Guy."

   Timely as ever Rodson came through the door as Carol covered herself
with the big teens Letterman jacket.  Beside him was Tommy Davidson pointing
to the group of smashed thugs.  Behind them was school security.  Rodson's
voice barked orders to the group.  "That's right, this time we have them
redhanded take them away. Davidson, remember that could be you lying there.
Stay out of trouble.  Larren get Brazil out of here...NOW!"

   Carol scooped up the remainder of her torn clothes and scattered books.
She looked every bit the victim as her gentle giant scooped her up in his
arms.  Not surprisingly, the student body seemed to make a giant path for
the two school hero's as they left the area and school.  They could hear the
talk about she was AlMOST raped, but that Larren saved her and no, I didn't
know that Al Jones was gay!  Briefly she wondered how the story would sound
by tomorrow.


****************************************
*Final Chapter--Good Girls Finish First
****************************************

   It was late, almost midnight.  Carol Brazil sat on her bed, talking
on the phone.  "Yeah, now the whole school is sure that Al Jones is gay 
or bi or something and that Bubba kicked his ass for trying to suck him
off and for messing with me."

  Brandi eyed her brother Henry as he stood in her doorway, deliberately
staring at his crotch.  She wondered why she hadn't thought of this before.
"And you have your guy still pussy whipped, I have to admit your master
plan worked.  So do you think you have all the slutiness outta your system?
Sometimes it takes a while."

   Carol giggled.  "Well, If I ever need any meat, I can just go across the
street or have Bubba sneak in here.  I think my slut days are behind me."
Carol yawned, "I'm getting pretty tired, see ya at school tomorrow?"

   Brandi laughed into the phone. "Sure thing, goodnight slut."

   Carol giggled again.  "That's cocksucking slut to you."  She enjoyed
actually having the table reversed on their little signoff.  Hanging up
the phone and turning off her light.  She closed her eyes until she heard
a sound at her window.   She had done it too many times as they grew up
over the years.  Bubba would sneak in and they would talk.  Only now she
knew they would do a lot more then talk.

   Carol kept her voice to a whisper.  "Bubba, is that you?"

   Bubba stumbled through the window.  "Yeah, and you won't believe what I
just saw."  In one step he closed the distance between the two.  He gripped
her genie style point, but stopped when she gently slapped his hand away.

   Bubba looked down at her and frowned for a second. "You refusing me
already, Shorty?"

   Carol shook her head.  "Never."  She remained silent as he watched
Bubba go to her closet and pull out a stool.  Carol understood and 
watching him kneel to help her, balanced herself perfectly.  When he
stood he was still taller, but now his idea was obvious.  A quick kiss
that turned passionate.  

   When Bubba forced himself away, Carol's eyes were still closed.  Her
grin infected him with joy.  Her soft words were a gentle caress.  "Mmmm,
that's better.  Everyday, promise you'll kiss me everyday."

   Bubba helped her step down and looked down at her.  "That is a promise
I'll be happy to keep."

   Carol watched the big teen lay down on her bed.  His large body sprawled
across large rack, denting the mattress with his frame as he rolled onto
his stomach.  She shook her head at disbelief.  Bubba Larren was just a
perfect male speciman.  Taking a moment to shut the window, she turned to
him.  "What did you see?"

      The big black buck took a moment to take in her beauty. "Your Mom! 
I'm sure I saw her sneak into my Dad's room.  I think they're doing it."

   She raised an eyebrow, "You think so?", then crawled on top of his back.
Raising up she kneaded his huge muscled back and was quickly flung from
her bed as he rolled over.  Rubbing her bum, she smiled just at the thought
of having her new boyfriend just laying there at home in her bed.  It had
taken some time, but Carol knew there was nothing better then sex with love.

   Bubba reached out his arm, grinning simply back at his one and only.
He knew that knew that his life long pal had been acting a little strange.
If only he hadn't been so scared of what she might said or thought, he 
could have experienced his first true love much sooner.  "Yeah, I'm
sure of it.  Dad never tells me anything, but now that I'm much wiser..."
He chuckled once, looked at the petite beauty and felt desire rising once
again.  "Think there doing it right now?"
   
   Carol tried to hide her smile.  "Maybe."  She was already leaning toward
her boyfriends crotch.  Her mind marveled how quickly she began tugging 
down her giant's pants.  She felt her hair being gathered up and a light 
pull.  This time she didn't stop him.  Her mouth automatically opened. 
"But they won't be the only pair."  The little darling sighed once then
gently regarded the growing, thickening penis already moving toward her
adoring gaze.  

   It was going to be another long night.

                        FIN
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....


