                     RAPE FANTASY COME TRUE

Lt. Barclay ended his latest holodeck program, one in which he had
mercilessly beaten and raped all of the women he wanted to fuck on the
Enterprise -- in fact, he had added women he had known since childhood
whom he had wanted.  He smiled as he remembered their bloodied faces,
heaving breasts and pleas for help.  He knew this was unhealthy, but he
was so sick and tired of his childish attempts to get women interested
in him.  He had become obnoxious in his attention-getting stunts: he
had begun slipping provocative notes under womens' doors; he had
replicated bouquets with whimsical verse tucked amongst the leaves and
he had even demanded apologies from women who spurned him.  It seemed
now that a conspiracy of silence had been agreed upon with respect to
him by the women he attacked with his prepubescent drivel and poetic
pearls of wisdom.

Barclay sighed and went back to his quarters.  One way he could always
count on getting attention was to link via the ship's computer to
Starfleet Academy, where he managed to piss off students there with
what he believed was his great wit.  He did occasionally merit a laugh,
but this was infrequent, and the amusement was the type born of
condescension rather than appreciation for the joke.  His door beeped.
That was odd; no one ever visited Barclay.  The few friends he spoke
with had been acquired via his link to the Academy, where he had
created a persona for himself that fooled some for a brief span of
time.

"Come," he called hesitantly.

The door opened and in walked a statuesque, buxom woman, who smiled at
him.

"Lieutenant Barclay," she cooed, "Just the object i wanted to see."

She strode across to him in two sliding steps and slapped him hard
across the face.  "Barclay, I'm going to make all your fantasies come
true," she said lightly, "but you're going to be the victim this time."
BArclay started to stammer an objection, but the mysterious woman would
not hear of it.  Suddenly, three other women appeared around her, just
like that.  "Where -- where did they come from?" But again, he was
ignored.  He found himself on the floor, his clothes being yanked
away.  One woman placed a ball gag in his mouth, while another tied his
hands above his head.  They turned him onto his left side, and one
woman took his penis -- his thin, unassuming penis -- in her mouth and
was not careful about her teeth, which had sharp points which left a
bloody trail down the insignificance of his penis.  He struggled, but
was no match for these women.  Suddenly, he felt a hot, jarring stab as
another woman plunged up his ass with a spiked dildo.  "So you want to
rape women, do you, BArclay?" she asked.  "Little do you know how many
have wanted to degrade you.  If you would grow up and act like an
adult, you would be seen as an adult.  You think your holodeck demands
and lessons will be taken to heart by those who laugh at you?  No,
Barclay.  Until you can learn to get on with your life, separating
reality from fantasy and fact from fiction, you will forever be
stranded in your warped little world, playing with your Starfleet
freshmen." When the humiliation and degradation had ended, Barclay sat
stunned, trying to figure out what had happened and how it had
happened.

As the door to BArclay's quarters swished shut behind the retreating
forms of the women, they disappeared and Q appeared briefly, before
blinking into invisibility, his laugh lingering in the air.
