
++++++++++++++++++++++++++
++++++++++

Beth Jorgans was walking back from the ice cream
store.  She carried her latest conquest:  a double-
chocolate cone and was eating it with joy.  A car
slowed and pulled up beside her as she walked.

"Hey, girl!  Why don't you share some of that ice
cream with me!"

Beth looked around and saw Jimmy hanging out
of his brother's car, waving at her.  Jimmy
Thompson was only 2 years older than her at 13. 
He always rode around with his brother during
the summers.  They had always been good friends,
and played together alot.  Until lately.  Something
had changed between them.  Last year, in school,
Jimmy started teasing her about growing "boobs". 
She hadn't begun to wear a bra yet because her
mom wouldn't allow it.  So, it was common for
her sizable breasts to bounce and sway as she
played in gym.  That's where Jimmy and most of
the guys made fun of her.  It hurt her feelings
when he did that because she had always thought
that he was her friend.  But, her mom said that
boys change when they reach his age.

The car stopped, and Jimmy opened the door.

"Hey, big whoppers!  Why don't you spread some
of that ice cream on your tits and let me and my
brother lick them off!!!"  The two boys began
laughing at their crude joke.  Beth turned to walk
away.  Jimmy grabbed her arm and looked her in
the eye.  Beth saw something strange in his eyes. 
It made her feel week and scared her. 
Unconsciously, she glanced at his crotch and saw
a huge bulge.  She had been getting in the bad
habit of looking at guy's crotches to see if they
were hard.  Jimmy was definitely hard.  Hard for
me?  she wondered.  Ever since her older brother
had made her watch that dirty movie, she found
herself staring at guy's crotches, trying to guess
how big they were.

The ice cream began to melt on her shirt.  She
tried to stop it from dripping, but a huge glob got
on her shirt, right over her right breast.  Jimmy
reached over, scooped up the ice cream, and while
doing so, rubbed her nipple which was beginning
to get hard.  As he did so, she began to feel
weaker.

"My brother and I can really make you feel good,
Beth.  We won't tell nobody."

She suddenly realized that he wasn't joking this
time.  He had a very serious look on his face. 
Her hands began to shake.

"We've been driving around, drinking beer and
thinking of your body.  When we saw you walking,
we couldn't stand it any more.  We need you,
Beth.  I'll be your boyfriend, if that's what you
want.  Or, we will never do it again after this one
time, it's up to you."

She looked around.  There was no one else in
sight.  She was trapped between the two boys. 
Jimmy, 13 and Tom, 16.  Both had massive bulges
in their pants.

Tom spoke up, finally.  "Listen, little bitch.  You
either come with us willingly and enjoy it, or we
take you and rape you.  It's up to you."  He had a
vicious look in his eyes.  Jimmy winced at his
brother's talk.  Jimmy's eyes pleaded with her to
cooperate.  She could tell that he didn't want to
hurt her, but she wasn't sure about his older
brother.  The ice cream was now melting down
her blouse, running down her legs.  She made the
mistake of allowing her panic to show in her eyes.

Tom grabbed her and dragged her to the car. 
Jimmy protested to his brother, but did not move
to stop the older boy from kidnapping the young
girl.

"God damn it, Jimmy!  Help me gag the bitch and
put her in the trunk!"

Jimmy got the tape from the back seat.  Beth was
screaming at the top of her lungs, but no one was
around to hear her.  The boys gagged her with the
tape and taped her arms and legs.  They placed
her in the trunk, got in the car and drove away.

*************************************


"How much do you think we can get for her after
we're done with her?"

Jimmy glanced at his older brother, Tom before
answering.

"I don't know.  You're supposed to be the money
man.  I thought you've done this before!"

Tom looked embarrassed.  "Well, actually, not
really.  Sure, I've raped a few girls, but I never
sold them like we talked about."

"Well, that's great!  What are we gonna do with
her, just let her go?"

"We might have to kill her, Jimmy."

The boy got a stricken look on his face.  "No,
Tom.  We can't do that. I won't let you."

"But, she knows us, and she'll tell the cops!"

"We have to think of something else."  He thought
for a few minutes.  "Maybe we can sell her to
Toby in exchange for some stuff."

"Maybe.  Probably won't give us alot for her if we
fuck her first.  Toby likes virgins.  They sell for
more money."

"Well, I really want to fuck her, Tom.  I've been
after her for a year.  And, you told me that I
could have her cherry.  You promised!"

"Sure, kid.  You get to make her bleed.  But, I get
to cum in her little mouth!"

Tom reached down and rubbed his crotch as he
drove into the woods.  He picked up his car
phone and dialed.

"Toby?  It's Tom.  What?  I thought I paid you. 
200 bucks?  You sure?  Yes.  I can get it.  How
about making a trade?  I got this girl.  Yeah. 
She's about 11 or 12, real pretty."

Jimmy sat patiently as they drove.

"Oh, yeah.  She's a real babe.  Dark brown hair
down to her ass, big tits, pretty face and a hell of
a figure for such a young one.  She'll grow out
real nice in the next year or so.  What?  No, she
won't be a virgin, Toby.  We're gonna fuck her
first.  But, she'll be fresh from her first fuck.  She
won't be a slut or anything, if that's what you're
worried about.  Real innocent little bitch.  Great! 
Meet us in Wilford Hallow. "  He hung up the
phone and smiled.

****************************************

Beth laid still in the trunk of the boy's car and
tried not to cry.  She knew that they were going
to rape her.  But, when she heard Tom talking
about killing her, she began to tremble violently. 
Then, the boys talked about someone by the name
of Toby, and she didn't think she'd like him very
much.  Then, Jimmy talked about his lust for her. 
She had suspected that he wanted to have sex
with her, especially after all the rude comments
during the past year, but she never thought that
he'd rape her like this.  She didn't know Tom very
well.  She never liked him.  He always looked at
her funny.  Lately, he just looked like he wanted
to kill her with his bare hands, which scared her
even more.  Something wasn't right about the
older boy.  He was almost....demented or
something.

The car stopped and the engine cut off.  A few
moments later, the trunk opened.  It was dark
outside now, but she could see shadows by
moonlight.  The boys stood over her and glared at
her bound form.  Tom chuckled evily.

"How old is this little tart, Jimmy?"  Asked the
older boy.

"I think she's 11.  She's 2 years younger than me."

"Pretty big tits for an 11 year old, don't you
think?"  Tom grinned lustily at the young girl who
was bound by duck tape and could hardly move. 
Jimmy only nodded.

"How long have you been jacking off over these
tits, little brother?"  Jimmy blushed.

"I never jack off!"  His face was red.

"Come on, you little shit, I saw you coming all
over that girlie magazine behind the shed!  You
were shooting several good streams and yelling
this bitch's name as you did!  Were you
pretending that your hand was this bitch's mouth? 
Huh?"  Tom had a vicious tone in his voice. 
Jimmy began to get scared himself.

"Come on, help me get this bitch on the ground
so we can have some fun."  Tom picked the little
girl up and threw her body to the ground.  Jimmy
began taking the tape off her body.

Tom drew his pocket knife.  "It's easier if you use
this.  Here, let me show you."  He stepped over to
the crying girl and began cutting the tape off her
body.  As he did so, he cut into her clothing and
peeled it off her body as well.  Her shirt was cut
into shreds, which he removed quickly, exposing
her bare tits.  He nicked a nipple with the blade
playfully and watched as she shuddered.  He
moved the knife down her belly to her womb, and
began slicing the cloth of her jeans.  He kept the
material of her panties untouched, but peeled the
demin off her body with his knife.  Then, he
turned the knife to the only remaining piece of
cloth on her body:  her panties.  He removed
them in three slices and exposed her bare hairless
cunt.  Beth sobbed loudly as the boys gawked at
her nude form.

Tom took the initiative and forced her legs apart.

"See, little brother, this is a cunt.  You fuck it. 
You lick it when it's clean.  Yup!  We might even
lick it for you, little cunt!"  Turning back to his
brother.  "This cunt will be tight, and it'll squeeze
your dick real nice.  You'll probably shoot when
your get the first inch in.  But, that's okay, I plan
to spend alot of time with this little bitch.  She's
the youngest I've ever grabbed."

Jimmy stared at the naked girl and licked his lips. 
His cock was so hard that it hurt.  Tom removed
the gag from her mouth, and she cried out.

"No sense in screaming out here, little bitch. 
Ain't no one around for miles to hear you.  Save
your breath for my 8 inch cock!"  Tom spoke
lewdly as he pulled his jeans down exposing his
erection to the little girl's view.  Tom began
stroking his massive hard-on as he stared at the
nude, trembling 11-year-old girl.

"Oh, Jimmy!  She's going to be a nice little fuck! 
Even after we bust her cherry and have some
more fun with her, she'll get a good price.  We
will be rich men, Jimmy!"

Jimmy had now removed his clothes, and was
stroking himself as well.  He was speechless.  He
had never seen a naked girl in real life.  He had
fantasized about this very girl for a long time. 
Even when they were little kids, age 8 or 9 and
played together, he dreamed of being her
boyfriend and kissing her.  He also dreamed of
playing with her pussy (which he called a 'hole'
back then).  He had accidentily walked in on her
in her family's bathroom one time and saw her
naked ass as she pulled her panties down.  This
was when she was 9.  She screamed very loud
when she saw him from between her legs.  He had
run out of the bathroom, and they never spoke of
the incident.  Now, he was going to rape the girl,
force his manhood inside of her body.  Make her
bleed with his meat, and unload his sperm into
her young body.  His dick twitched as he thought
about the night to come.

"Damn!  If you don't hurry up and bust her
lollipop, I'm gonna do it for you!  Now, get to it! 
I'll hold her down while you do it."  Tom laid
down next to the girl, and forced her to submit to
his younger brother.  Tom sucked her tits as his
brother got into position to mount his first fuck. 
Jimmy took his manhood in his hands and pointed
it at her small, hairless opening.

"Jimmy!"  The little girl sobbed.  "Please don't do
this!"

"Shut up, bitch!"  Tom reached over and hit her in
the mouth with his fist.  She cried out in pain. 
Jimmy winced.  "Stupid little bitch!  The only
thing your mouth's good for is sucking cock!" 
Tom held her down, stradled her chest and forced
his 8 inch manhood into her mouth.  "You bite it
and I'll kill you, bitch!"

The trembling child held the older boy's cock in
her mouth.

"Suck and Lick it, Bitch!"  Tom growled.

Jimmy stared at Beth as she begun to comply and
suck lightly on Tom's cock.  Tears were still
flowing down her cheek and she begged Jimmy
with her swollen eyes.  Jimmy looked at her bare
slit.  It was so small, and his dick was so big!  He
wanted desperately to feel his dick inside of her
tight pussy, but what if he hurt the young girl?

"Tom!  I don't think it'll fit!"

Tom snickered at his virgin brother as he watched
the young child suck and lick his massive member. 
"You little shit!  You MAKE it fit!"

"But, I'll hurt her!"

"Who gives a fuck?  The more she hurts, the more
exciting it'll be for you!  Anyway, she'll adjust to
your dick, and the pain will go away.  Now, do it
before I decide to do it for you!"

Jimmy reached down and rubbed her small
opening with his thumb.  Beth squimed and
moaned around the cock in her mouth.  He
noticed that his thumb came away from her being
wet.  He had heard that girls got wet down there,
but only when they were turned on.  How could
she be turned on?  She was being forced to do
this and she was scared.  How could this turn her
on?

He slowly ran his thumb over her bare pussy
again, this time applying some pressure.  The little
11-year-old girl lifted her hips, her eyes went wide
as they locked onto his, and she moaned again. 
This time, Jimmy saw something other than fear
and pleading in her eyes.  He wasn't sure what,
though.

"You're turning the bitch on, little brother.  Keep
it up.  Her mouth feels good when she's turned
on, and when she moans!"  Tom sneered at the
child as he pushed his hard cock against the back
of her throat, causing her to choke slightly.

Jimmy noticed that Beth wasn't crying as hard
anymore.  He began teasing her pussy with his
thumb again and was rewarded with her thick
juices lubricating his thumb. He slid part of his
thumb into her virgin womb.  Her eyes grew wild
as she looked at him.  He definitely saw passion
in her eyes now.  He began moving his thumb in
and out of her pussy as if it were his dick.  She
met his thrusts with her hips.  She was breathing
very heavy around Tom's cock now.

Jimmy looked into her green eyes.  "I love you,
Beth!  I have always loved you."

"Cut out the smoochy shit!  You're gonna FUCK
her, not marry her, then you'll never see the little
slut again!"  Tom scorned.  "She's just a FUCK,
kid!  Don't make it more than it is!  Anyway,
you're too young to know what love is.  Hell, *I*
don't even know what love is yet."

The younger teenage brother looked down at the
ground in shame.  Then, he looked back into
Beth's eyes and saw passion and something he
couldn't recognize.  He got down on the ground
next to her, moved his face to her hairless mound
and kissed her pouty pussy lips.  She moaned
loudly.  Tom did too.

Jimmy stuck his tongue out and lightly licked the
little girl's opening.  She went crazy, thrashing
about on the ground, moaning with cock in her
mouth.  As Jimmy placed his tongue on her pussy
hole and inserted it, the girl began coming.  So
did Tom.

"Aaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! 
Yoooouuuu fffuuuuccckkkiingggg bbbiiiiitchhhhh!" 
Tom roared as he blasted hot jets of semen down
the little girl's throat.  The girl began gagging and
joking on the thick cream.  Her eyes bulged as
she fought for breath due to the flood which was
blocking her passage way.  Beth's small body
shook with her own orgasm.  Tom forced his
spurting cock deeper into her throat as he
continued to empty his balls.
HAPTER ONE CONTINUED

Jimmy couldn't take his eyes off the scene in front
of him.  He continued to lap up the young girl's
gushing cream with his tongue and mouth.  He
found the taste and aroma very pleasant.  He had
heard about guys "going down" on a girl, but this
was better than he thought.  He was concerned
about Beth, though.  She was choking alot and
seemed not to be able to breathe.  But, she also
was thrashing her body like she felt good.  Her
eyes were glazed over, even though they were
bulging due to lack of air in her body. Tom was
making grunting sounds as he finished with the
girl's mouth.  He finally released his softening
cock from her mouth.  Beth released a huge
breath and began inhaling violently.  Her color
began to turn back to normal, although, she still
seemed to be thrashing around and rubbing her
bare pussy into Jimmy's mouth.  She moaned
softly as another orgasm took her.

Tom finally came to his senses and looked at the
couple on the ground with amusement.

"You really got the slut going, little brother! 
Where did you learn to eat pussy like that?  I've
NEVER been able to make a girl cum like that. 
Hell, I can't even get them to moan when I eat
them.  They just lay there and look stupid!"  He
began to regain his anger as he thought of all the
bitches that had made fun of his sexual technique. 
He looked at the 11-year-old girl, lying nude on
the ground with his brother's face buried between
her legs.  "You fuckin' little whore!  You'll cum
like a damn waterfall for my little brother, but I
bet you'd be stiff as a board for me!"  He shook
himself and walked toward the car.

Tom pulled out a plastic bag and opened it. 
Inside was a small straw.  He put it to his nose,
dipped the straw in the bag's white powdery
sibstance and began inhaling the powder into his
nose.  His head went up as a rush hit him.  He
smiled, and looked at the two kids on the ground. 
Beth was moaning loudly now.  _I knew I should
have just grabbed the bitch and left my fuckin'
brother at home.  I should have known that he'd
get all lovey-dovy over the bitch.  Look at them! 
My god, two little lovebirds during their first fuck
together!  She's cum like there ain't no tomorrow
and he ain't even stuck his dick in her yet!_  Tom
stepped back to the couple.

"Jimmy, damn it!  That's enough!  She's plenty
wet to fuck now.  You ain't gonna hurt her now. 
Stick your dick in her and let me have my turn."

Jimmy and Beth both tensed at the older boys
words and tone.  Beth began to get scared again,
despite the wonderful feelings she was feeling.  _I
think I love him too.  Why didn't I see it?  I've
loved him for a long time!  I was TURNED ON
when I knew he was going to rape me!  That can
only mean that I WANTED him!  Now, the thing
I want most is for him to be inside of me and
spurting his stuff like Tom did in my mouth!  It
was awful when I had to swallow that stuff. 
Would it be better if it were Jimmy's sperm
instead of Tom's?  I hope Tom doesn't touch me
anymore.  I can't stand him.  I want Jimmy!_  She
placed her hands on Jimmy's head and motioned
for him to come up from her bald mound.

Jimmy looked at his first love with passion as he
moved his body up onto hers and began to mount
her.  She spread her legs wide to accomodate her
first lover.

"Ain't this fuckin' sweet!  Shit!  She actually
WANTS you to fuck her!  What the *HELL* do
you have that I ain't got?"  Tom screamed in
anger.  He walked over to the naked virgin,
grabbed her hair in hand and yanked very hard. 
Beth cried out in pain.

"Tom!  Stop it!  You're hurting her!!!"

Tom shoved his little brother.  "You don't get it,
do you?  This is RAPE, Jimmy!  You're
SUPPOSED to hurt the bitch!  She ain't supposed
to lay down, spread her legs and coo for you! 
She's crazy!  She must be!  Look at her!  She's
practically begging you to fuck her!  The next
thing you know, she'll be lowering her pert little
body onto your dick and RIDING YOU!!!"  Tom
spit in the ground, and stared angrily at the
couple.

The younger boy thought about what his older
brother was trying to say.  _Why?  Yes.  She
wants me.  But, why?  Is she just trying to get me
to let her go?  No.  I don't think so.  She really
likes me.  I can tell.  But, she doesn't like Tom. 
He hurts her.  I really DID make her feel good! 
Maybe she likes me enough to be my girlfriend
like I always wanted._

Jimmy lowered his head and kissed the young girl
gently on the lips.  She met his lips, placed her
arms around his neck, pulled him close to her 
and locked onto him desperately.  After an
eternity, the children came up for breath.  She
looked into his eyes and whispered: "I love you,
too, Jimmy!  Please don't let him hurt me. 
Protect me, Jimmy!  I'll do anything for you!  I'll
never tell anyone about tonight, I promise!"  They
kissed again.  She moved her body into his as they
kissed, nudging his hard member into her small
belly.  "Take me, Jimmy!  Be my first lover!  I'm
ready for you now!"  She whispered to her lover.

Tom couldn't hear what the couple was
whispering and it angered him that they were so
happy.

"This is making me SICK TO MY STOMACH!!!" 
Tom turned and went back to the car.  He began
to snort the remaining crack in the bag as he
watched the two begin to fuck.

*******************************

********************************************

"Oh, Jimmy!  Make Love To Me!"  Beth cooed as
the boy rubbed his hard cock again her bald
pussy.  It was so wet from her orgasms mixed with
his saliva that the head went right into her.  Sh
tensed at the tremendous pressure of the cock
straining her lips apart and entering her virgin
hole.  Their lips met and they kissed passionately. 
She thrust her hips at him and accepted his
manhood into her body.  "I love you SO MUCH,
Jimmy!"

The 13-year-old boy couldn't believe the
incredible feeling of having the head of his dick
inside a girl.  Her body was so hot and exciting. 
Her smell was wonderful.  Sweet soapy,
shampooy, with a string musky scent mixed.  He
had just learned the smell of sex.  He was
addicted to the fragrance.  Jimmy sank another
inch into the young girl and hit a barrier.

"OOH!"  She cried as pain shot through her body. 
"Jimmy!  Don't stop!  Break me open!"

The encouragement from his child-lover was too
much for him.  She seized his lips with hers and
began licking his lips with her tongue.  This drove
Jimmy past the point of caring whether he caused
her pain or not.  He thrust deeper and felt
resistance, followed by an incredible sucking
pressure on his cock as she cried out in pain. 
Jimmy could hear Tom laughing in the distance.

Beth had never experienced more desire in her
life.  She knew it was love.  She never even
THOUGHT of having sex before.  Now, she was
begging her rapist to make her a woman.  She
knew that she loved him.  That's the only way she
could explain it.  But, how could she really love a
guy at age 11?  Was it possible?  Only a year ago,
she'd been playing with *dolls*!  Suddenly, she
felt the pain.  It was slight at first, and she knew
that Jimmy had just touched her barrier with his
manhood. _GOD!  I LOVE THIS GUY!_  She
attacked him.  A moment later, massive pain shot
through her body as he thrust his cock all of the
way into her young, tight body.

"Fuck the bitch, little brother!  Pop that slut's
cheery!"  Tom cheered his young brother on as he
snorted more drugs.

The two children moaned as they thrust at one
another.  Jimmy was obviously getting ready to
blast off.  Beth was just coming down from an
orgasm.  It didn't take her long to get over the
pain and to start coming.  She had just come 3
times in a row, and if he didn't shoot soon, she
could feel another orgasm approaching.

"AAAAAhhhhhhhhhhhhhhHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
!!!!!!"  Jimmy screamed at the top of his lungs as
the first gush of sperm washed into the 11-year-
old female's body.  He suddenly realized that he
could make her pregnant, and jerked his cock
from her pussy.  White cream flowed from her
cunt, his cock throbbed as a blast of white semen
shot out and all over her tits and stomach.  Spurt
after spurt shot onto the child's body.  One glob
shot up to her chin and dripped down to her
throat.  Another went into her long hair that hung
around her shoulders.  She was a beautiful vision
as her lover's sperm covered her body.

Jimmy and Beth collapsed into one anther's arms. 
Beth began to drift off to sleep, but was abruptly
awoken when Tom violently picked his brother up
and pushed him aside.

"My turn, little brother!  Now, sit back as I show
you some REAL fucking!"

Beth;s eyes grew wild.  "NO!  JIMMY, HELP!" 
The older boy straddled her cum-smeared form
and moved to mount her.  The younger boy woke
up, and went after his brother.

"Tom!  Leave her alone!  She's MY girl!"

The older boy frowned and turned around slowly
to face his sibling.

"What?  You little punk!  I've taken enough of
this shit!  She's a FUCK, how many times do I
have to tell you?  After I fuck her, she'll either be
sold to some guy who will drug her up and fuck
her til she OD's, or WE'LL kill her ourselves! 
That's the way it works!  If you don;t like it,
TOUGH!  Now, go back to the car if you can't
take it.  Let me have my fun in peace."  The older
boy inserted his cock into the young girl's body,
and thrust his entire 8 inches into her.

"UGGGGHH!  She's TIGHT!  Good thing you
got her all wet.  I slid right in!"  Tom chuckled as
he began to pump his hips.  Beth began to cry.

Jimmy attacked his brother.  He knocked the
older boy off from the girl's nude body.  There
was a popping sound as the boy' manhood was
forced from the tight chamber of the 11-year-old
girl's freshly fucked body.

"You little bastard!"  Tom screamed as he came
back at his brother.  His responses were slow,
though, and his younger brother knocked him to
the ground.  Jimmy grabbed Beth's hand, jerked
her to her feet and pulled her toward the car. 
Just as they reached the front door, a headlight
blinded them.  Jimmy could hear a car door slam. 
Tom was passed out on the ground by where Beth
had been raped.

"Nice little piece of ass from the looks of it,
Jimmy!  Now, where you going in such a fuss?"

A shadow appeared in the lights and slowly
approached.  Jimmy was able to make out the
huge form of Toby Monroe.  He had a gun in his
hand.

***************************************

"You weren't planning on cheating me outa $200,
were you, Jimmy?"

"What?  $200?  What are you talking about?"

"Your brother and I worked out a trade.  This
little one for the $200 debt he owes me for his
latest batch of stuff.  I also told him I'd give him
some extra stuff."

Beth cried and clung to Jimmy.

"Listen, Toby.  I'll pay you the $200.  Let me take
her with me."

"No deal, Jimmy.  I've seen her now, and I want
her.  I have plans of my own for this doll this
evening.  Now, hand her over.  I don't want you
to get hurt, kid."

"No, Jimmy!  Don't let them take me!"  Beth
cried.

"Toby, I love her.  She's my girl.  I can't let you
have her."  Jimmy pleaded.

"You're breaking my heart, kiddo."  Toby nodded
toward his men.  Beth screamed as a pink dart hit
her leg and penetrated it.  "Knock-out dart.  She
won't feel any pain.  Can't risk her trying to claw
my eyes out, Jimmy."  He looked at the dart and
then at Jimmy.  "I ain't gonna use no dart on you,
Jimmy.  This gun's got real bullets that makes real
holes.  Back up, and leave her where she is, or I'll
shoot."  Toby cocked the gun.

Jimmy knew that he was helpless.  If he tried to
save her, he'd be killed.  His only chance of saving
her was to let the men take her, then follow them.

"Okay, Toby.  I give up."  He raised his hands and
moved away from the crying girl.  She began to
fall to the ground as the dart took affect on her
body.

"Jimmy!  Please don't leave me!"  She fell to the
ground, fighting to stay awake.  Jimmy could do
nothing.

The men approached her, scooped her over their
shoulders and loaded her into their car.

"Real smart boy, Jimmy.  Now, I can't have you
chasing us in your car."  He pointed the gun at
the tires and shot a bullet in each one.  Jimmy
jumped at the shots.  he watched the air leak out
of the tires.  "If you try to find us, I will shoot you
instead of your tires next time, Jimbo.  Don't fuck
with me, kid."  Toby backed away, got into the
car, and they screeched away.

