========
This is a story for the entertainment of adults only.  Don't go calling me
a dirty pervert just because you read (MFF, Rape, B&D, Anal) and thought
you were getting a Disney movie.  If you are under 18, or if any subjects
implied by the header offend you, well, they're all in here, I promise, so
you'd better stop reading, right now.


To Please Their Lord
 by Dracthyus



 It is the era of Victoria.  Lisa and Cathy's mutual friend, Lord Breshly,

has invited them for a round of debauchery at his mansion on the outskirts

of London.  Lisa and Cathy are dear friends who have been involved in a 
vicious game of one-upmanship towards Scott for some time, and each has 
contrived a little scheme with the Lord, each unbeknownst to the other.
 They consider the plans they have made carefully as they ride in their 
private coach towards the mansion.  Cathy believes that once the conjugal 
bed of the weekend is reached, she and Scott would force Lisa to her back,

tie her down tightly, spread-eagled, and Cathy would force Lisa to
pleasure 
her with her mouth as she watched Scott brutalize her on the bed.
 Lisa knows of this scheme, however, and has comprised a variation, 
which Scott had agreed to.  Cathy would learn of it, of course... only too
late!
 The Lord's butler greets them at the door, explaining that Lord 
Breshly is busy with a cabinet minister at the moment, and would be along 
shortly.
 He meets them when their dinner is half over, throwing his great coat 
aside and seating himself without asking their leave.  Even though it is
his 
house, there ARE ladies present, after all!  But then, that is the roguish
charm 
that has captured both of their hearts, and their loins as well.  He
regales 
them with his clever tales of political intrigue that he is so famous for,
and 
concludes the meal with an excellent French Cognac.  Most men would have 
imposed pipe-smoke on their guests, but Lord Breshly had always found the 
stuff deplorable.  Rather, he continued to tell his witty stories,
becoming, by 
the tiniest increments, more ribald and lurid.  His tales of the chamber
maids 
of 10 Downing street raised their temperatures, and brought a blush to
their 
cheeks; not a blush of embarrassment, but rather that indication that the 
blood was quickening, the heart was racing, and the mind ready to
surrender 
to the passion of the body.  Quietly, the Lord dismisses his servants for
the 
evening, bidding that they remain in the east wing of the mansion.  Then, 
one arm around either of their shoulders, he guides them to his room in
the 
uppermost floor of the west wing, his voice dropping and his stories 
becoming open advances.  He privately exchanged conspirational glances 
with each of the women, but Lisa knew that the one for her was the only 
genuine one.
 Once in his sanctum, he dismissed himself to change his clothing, 
allowing the ladies to make themselves "more comfortable."  Each had 
dressed in an undergarment of scandalous nature... Cathy's black, Lisa's 
white.  As they removed their outer clothes, they gazed with mutual 
admiration at each other's bodies... Cathy admiring Lisa's full figure,
Lisa 
admiring Cathy's willow slimness.  Lord Breshly re-entered the room clad
in 
his oriental silk robe embroidered with dragons, and naught else.  
 The three sat on the edge of the bed, Lisa in the middle, as had been 
planned.  Cathy stroked her neck gently as Scott kissed her lips softly,
until 
Lisa's eyes closed in passion... the passion was very genuine, but the
closing 
of her eyes was part of her very carefully orchestrated plan.  Scott's
hand 
deftly took the place of Cathy's at stroking Lisa's alabaster throat, and
Cathy 
gently lifted herself off of the bed and stole to the cabinet next to the
door.  
Casting a glance back to see Lisa still enthralled by the skilled lips of
Lord 
Breshly, she stealthily opened the cabinet and drew from it four lengths
of 
silken rope, which she had prearranged with Lord Breshly to leave there.  
Quietly, with the utmost of care, she slipped up behind Lisa, and caught
the 
Lord's eye.  At her nod, he threw his weight upon Lisa, catching her by 
surprise (so Cathy thought!) and forcing her flat onto the bed.
 Cathy threw both of her arms to the task of wrestling Lisa's right wrist 
to the uppermost right bedpost, and once there, she tied it tightly with
one 
of the lengths of rope.  Lisa struggled (but not too much) and cried out
in 
alarm, but to no avail.  The Lord took one of the lengths of rope from
Cathy 
and secured Lisa's other wrist.
 The two conspirators looked down at their victim (or so one of them 
thought!), and chuckled to themselves.  Lisa, knowing what was to come for

her would-be tormentor, Cathy, was hard pressed to maintain the illusion
of 
one concerned.  But, as she was an excellent actress, she maintained the 
appearance of a betrayed woman, bound helpless by two villains.
 Cathy and Scott slowly removed the fastenings from her shoulders, 
and peeled the scandalous negligee from Lisa's helpless body.  Once it had

cleared her feet, Cathy threw herself to the task of binding Lisa's right
ankle 
to the lowermost right bedpost, and Scott bound her left ankle just as
tightly.  
 "Now you will please me," said Cathy, as she walked to the foot of the 
bed.  "And as you please me, I will watch my Lord Breshly ravish you to 
insensibility!"  The bitchy wench placed her hands saucily on her hips and

swayed them back and forth, as she knelt on the foot of the bed, between 
Lisa's wide-spread feet.
 Lisa fought not to look at Scott as he pulled a length of rope from his 
own pocket, and walked behind Cathy.  As Cathy stuck her tongue out at her

rival for a portion of Scott's affections, Scott grabbed her wrists
roughly from 
behind her, causing her to cry out in surprise.  With practiced ease,
Scott 
bound her wrists securely behind her, binding them tightly, just loose 
enough not to cut off her circulation, but guaranteeing her bondage!
 Cathy glanced about, trying to discern the purpose for this break in 
her carefully orchestrated plan, when she saw the broad smile on Lisa's
face.  
"Witch!" cried Cathy.  She struggled, to no avail.
 Scott quickly spread Cathy's legs wide as she knelt between Lisa's 
ankles, and bound Cathy's knees to opposite bedposts.  Cathy snarled, 
continuing to hurl epithets at her rival.
 "Slut!  Whore!  Bitch!  You've suckled the cocks of street dogs, you 
witch!"
 "Such disagreeable poetry!" said Lisa, as she gazed, bound, upon her 
would-be tormentress.
 "If only we had some gag for that villiferous mouth of hers," mused 
the Lord.
 "Oh, but I have a gag!" said Lisa, as she gyrated her hips, thrusting her

pussy upward.  "And she is in just the right position to be gagged by it!"
 "So she is!  How clever, my dear!"
 "What?  No!  No, you bastard!" Cathy screeched, as Scott's strong hand 
grasped her by the back of her head and forced her to bend forward.  She 
struggled, but in her kneeling position, she had no leverage, so her
struggles 
did nothing but excite her tormentors.  As Scott pressed her face against 
Lisa's wide-spread snatch, she clamped her lips shut, denying Lisa the
warm 
wetness of her mouth and tongue.
 This bothered Lisa very little.  Once Cathy's face was pressed into her 
pussy, Scott, still holding Cathy by the back of her head, began to rotate
her 
head gently, up and down, back and forth, rubbing Cathy's nose and tightly

pursed lips over Lisa's vulva and clitoris.  With his free hand, he pulled
forth 
more rope from his robe pocket, and bound Cathy's upper arms firmly to 
Lisa's thighs, trapping Cathy's upper body and head in their humiliating 
position, between the helpless Lisa's wide-spread thighs.
 Lisa's hips began to wiggle, to sway, eventually to churn.  The heat of 
her passion moistened her cunt, and Cathy, resigned to her fate, began to 
open her mouth, little by little, at first placing very small, delicate
kisses on 
Lisa's outer pussy lips, then larger open-mouthed kisses directly on her
cleft, 
and eventually, the soft, wet velvet of her pink tongue caressed Lisa's 
clitoris, flicking it by the tip and stroking it for the whole length of
the 
tongue.
 Scott released Cathy's head, knowing that even if she wished, she 
could not rise from her bound position of subservience; knees spread wide,

ass sticking up high into the air, breasts pressed flat against the bed
sheet, 
and face pressed against Lisa's hot, wet snatch.  
 Dropping his robe, the Lord Breshly moved to the head of the bed, and 
grasped Lisa roughly by the hair.  Lisa smiled as she moaned in passion...

Cathy's torment had not yet even begun!  She played at struggling as Scott

brought the tip of his cock to her lips, but gladly opened her mouth and 
accepted his manhood into it, sliding her tongue along its underside and 
wrapping her tight lips around it.  His fingers twined into her hair, and 
pulled her head hard against his stomach, choking her with his massive
cock.  
She moaned as best she could, slightly fearful that in his passion, the
rape of 
her mouth might choke her to death!  But the heat of fear mingled with the

heat of lust, and created an unparalleled aphrodisiac.  He gazed down at
her 
open, upturned eyes, and whispered "Make it slick.  It must be well oiled
for 
the job ahead."
 So, he WAS going to do as Lisa had asked!  She closed her eyes and 
bobbed her head back and forth, slathering the cock with her saliva,
sucking 
and licking with a passion never before felt.  Her cheeks dented inward
with 
the sheer force of suction she applied, as she pulled the whole length of
his 
cock into her mouth again and again, feeling it press down her throat with

each thrust.  She moaned, and whimpered, her voice making protests with no

words... she knew her Lord was excited by his forced conquests, and she 
wanted his cock as long and hard and wide as it could be... she wanted to 
turn it into a weapon, a sword to be plunged to the depths of her
opponent!
 Roughly, he pulled her head away, his huge cock bouncing with the 
force of his pulse.  It glistened wetly in the torch light, dripping with
her 
slick spit.  Terrible purpose was etched in his eyes, as he walked back 
towards the foot of the bed.
 Cathy had watched this interplay with fear in her eyes, the while her 
mouth was working away at Lisa's clitoris.  Her eyes followed Scott as he 
walked around behind her, fear and apprehension growing in her face.  She 
moaned a question into Lisa's cunt, but the answer would come in action,
not 
words.
 Cathy jerked as Scott tore the bottom of her negligee out, and she 
started to shiver, more from fear than the sudden cold draft against her
bare 
bottom.  She started to shake her head in protest, fearing dreadfully what

was to come, but the motion did nothing except to excite Lisa with the new

movements against her pussy.  She began to moan, to whimper, to shed tears

of fear.  Lisa looked down into her eyes and smiled a wide, gloating
smile.
 Scott braced himself behind Cathy, and looked down at her upturned 
ass.  Lisa caught the smile of a maniac as he gently reached down and
spread 
her Lilly-white asscheeks wide, exposing the fullness of her pussy and 
asshole.  Cathy rocked back and forth, from one knee to the other, the
only 
action she could take against him in her bound condition.  She was
screaming 
into Lisa's crotch now, in terror.  Lisa had a momentary second thought,
but 
then considered what Cathy had had in store for her, and lost all qualms. 
In 
fact, she ground her pussy against Cathy's mouth even harder, silencing
her.
 Scott brought the tip of his turgid, slippery cock to Cathy's helpless 
asshole, and slowly started to force it in.  If Cathy's reaction to the
prospect 
of this act had been fear before, now it was unadulterated terror.  Scott 
obviously reveled in the sounds she made with her face pressed tight into 
Lisa's wide-spread snatch, and Lisa had one of many orgasms from the 
sound alone.  And that was just the first contact of cock to anus!  Lisa
settled 
back, still bound, but very much in control of her rival, to await the
actual 
penetration.
 Scott steadied Cathy's rocking ass with a heavy hand, and with the 
other, he held the tip of his cock firmly against Cathy's anal opening,
and he 
began to lean forward, pressing with all of his weight and the strength of
his 
magnificent legs.  Cathy clenched her rectum tight, locking her teeth into
a 
rictus of muscle contraction, but it was no use.  The strength of Scott's
thrust 
was not to be denied, and his penis forced slowly into her tight, hot
asshole.
 Cathy's scream through clenched teeth caused Lisa to scream with her 
orgasm, and the juices from her pussy drenched Cathy's face.  Scott still 
slowly rammed his raping cock deeper and deeper into Cathy's shithole, 
tearing a long, loud scream from the impaled bitch.  Lisa ground her pussy

up into Cathy's bared teeth and lips, helpless to do anything else and
loving 
it.
 Scott was a master of control over his own body... it took him five solid

minutes to complete that first penetration, five minutes of intense, 
excruciating agony for Cathy and five minutes of ecstatic lustful pleasure
for 
Lisa.  After that five minutes, Scott paused, his balls slapping against
Cathy's 
peach-furred pussy, his cock buried to the hilt in her tight, virgin
rectum.
 He stood there, reveling in the tightness and heat of her ass, as she 
slowly adjusted to the presence of his cock.  In a moment, the pain was 
bearable, and all she could do was to continue to lick Lisa's pussy.  As
soon 
as Lord Breshly realized she had begun to become accustomed to his cock,
he 
yanked it half-way out, and rammed it back in again in one painful motion.
 The scream was not as loud or as long, but it redoubled as he did it 
again.  Shortly, he was pumping his cock in and out of her asshole,
ramming 
it with the full strength of his back and legs, putting all of the force
at his 
command into the act of sodomizing Cathy.  Her repeated loud screams 
turned into one long, low moan of total agony, which sent Lisa into an 
intense orgasm that lasted just as long.  The sound of his loins slapping
into 
her ass cheeks filled the room like thunderclaps, and he ground his teeth 
together and bent the entire force of his will to completing the rape.
 The tight ring of her anus squeezed his cock deliciously on entering, 
and on his outstroke, it bulged outward slightly, as though unwilling to
let 
the raping cock leave.  He stared down at it... at his cock vanishing into
that 
puckered hole, at Cathy's slim, alabaster ass taking his repeated thrusts,
at 
the length of her back clad in black lace and silk, at the mass of tangled
red 
hair that bobbed up and down between Lisa's legs.  His eyes continued 
upward, seeing Lisa's white belly pulsing with her breath, her huge
breasts 
bouncing back and forth as the shock of his thrusts were transmitted 
through Cathy's bound body directly to Lisa's twat, and at the look of
total 
abandonment on Lisa's face.  Lisa looked up, locked eyes with him, and 
licked her lower lip with the tip of her tongue.  That was all it took.
 With a primal groan of passion, Scott rammed his cock to the hilt in 
Cathy's sore, helpless asshole, and spilled rope after rope of thick,
gooey 
sperm up her very bowels.  Lisa matched his groan with a scream, and 
Cathy, to her own surprise, screamed in the most intense orgasm she had 
ever experienced.
 Lord Breshly withdrew, after a time, and rinsed himself off at the 
basin.  Returning to the bed, and sitting on the edge, he reached out two 
hands, to stroke the hair of both beautiful women.
 "Now, then," he said, his cock starting to rise once again, "what shall I

do to you next?"


The End


"YOU try fighting Cthulu, Dillhole!  He'll kick your ass, THEN he'll
redecorate!"   --Beavis
========
This is yet another story for the entertainment of adults.  If you are
under 18, seek therapy.  If you are offended by graphic depiction of
sexual acts of all sorts, you are in the wrong newsgroup.  If you flame
people who post stories like this... you're very funny.


To Please Their Lord II;
The Revenge

by Dracthyus

 Several weeks later, Lord Breshly invited his two lovlies back to the
mansion.  Lisa, assured that she had captured the top position in Lord
Breshly's affections by her willing assistance in the rape of Cathy's
virgin anus, comported herself with an aire of superiority.  She knew who
was who in this triangle, and where the affections lay.  What she had not
counted on, however, was Cathy's persuasiveness in private moments.  Cathy
had gone to him the next night, and offered herself to him, totally and
completely, on the condition that the next time the three met, it would be
Cathy who took control, and Lisa who suffered under Scott's hands and
cock.  Since she made the offer in the scant moments when her mouth was
not filled by his penis, it was, of course, accepted.
 Again, they each had their dreamy smiles as their coach approached the
mansion, but this time, it was Cathy who forced herself to keep the evil
glint from her eye.  Again, Lord Breshly was late for supper, having
important business with an ambassador.
 He joined them loudly, and in a foul mood, his dealings having gone
somewhat sour.  Cathy made sympathetic noises, but smiled inwardly.... his
temper would feed the force of his passion tonight, and Lisa would be its
focus!  The supper was excellent, though, so in all outward appearances,
Lord Breshly had regained his world-famous composure by desert.  Over
cognac, he told mildly ribald tales of the arabs and their proliclivities,
and slowly became increasingly lurid.  It was a style of story telling
both women loved with a passion, for Scott's voice alone could dampen them
between their legs, and his wit and gift with words could melt their
hearts into boiling pits of fire in their bellies.  When he stood and
suggested retiring for the night, they were ready, wanting him with all of
the passion in them.
 Again, he dismissed the servants to their quarters in the east wing, and
taking one woman's arm in each hand, he led them, gently, to his sanctum,
his low voice whispering of delights to come, sending shivers down their
spines.
 Again he left them in the sanctum while he went to change into his
oriental silk robe, and they disrobed down to their french lingerie, again
admiring each other's bodies, but only Cathy knowing, for a fact, that
Lisa's body would be her personal plaything before the night was through.
 When Lord Breshly returned to the room, he complimented both women on
their choice of lingerie, and invited them to join him on the bed.  There
was a quick conspirational wink for Cathy as Lisa bent over to remove her
last slipper, and then the three of them were on the bed, their hands
roaming over each other's bodies, their lips and tongues meeting in
frenzied kisses.
 Then, Scott took one of Lisa's wrists in his strong hand, and pushed it
up, against the headboard, near the post of the bed.  He glanced over at
Cathy, and nodded... it was time for the evening's betrayal and rape!
 Smiling, Lisa allowed herself to be pushed back onto the bed, knowing
that Scott would most likely position Cathy's lascivious mouth between her
thighs again, and perhaps force Cathy to suffer more indignities over her
own helpless body.  She was not in the least worried when Scott and Cathy
bound her wrists to the headboard, and stripped her naked.
 Then, however, she saw the looks between Scott and Cathy, and began to
struggle.  Cathy laughed at her as she tied down Lisa's left ankle, and
Scott merely chuckled as he tied down her right.  Lisa suddenly realized
that the rules had changed, and not in her favor.  Cathy walked a slow
semi-circle around the bed, her slim hips swaying seductively.  Lisa
pulled hard on the ropes binding her down, knowing that Cathy's torments a
few weeks before would make her own seem pale in comparison.  
 "My Lord," said Cathy, "Our friend does not seem enticed by this
evening's plan."
 Scott walked to the cabinet by the door, and opened it.  Lisa had never
looked into the cabinet before, but she knew by rumor that Lord Breshly
left various... items... in it, items for use when his moods were dark. 
Like now.
 "Please," said Lisa, "Scott... Lord, I'll do anything you ask! 
Anything!"
 Cathy sat on the bed to Lisa's side and slowly stroked a fingernail up
and down Lisa's belly.  "Oh, but he already has someone to do anything for
him.  Don't you, my Lord?"
 "For now," said Scott, as he drew forth an instrument case.  "Why don't
you get Lisa ready for... these?"
 Lisa could not see what Scott was talking about, but she did not like the
smile on Cathy's face.  "Cathy... I'm sorry... I didn't..."
 "Oh, that's all right, Lisa!" said Cathy.  "Here, let me show you there's
no hard feelings, all right?"
 Lisa shuddered as Cathy bent her head down, allowing her long red hair to
dangle onto Lisa's stomach.  Slowly, Cathy brought her mouth to Lisa's
right nipple, and sucked it into her mouth.
 "Mmmmmmm," moaned Cathy, as her tongue flicked the end of the nipple. 
Cathy's hands gathered up the abundant meat of Lisa's breast, and squeezed
it upward, bringing more of it into Cathy's hot, wet mouth.
 Lisa moaned and lay her head back, her eyes closing from the pleasure. 
Maybe, just maybe, there was no trap here, and Cathy was just trying to
please her.
 Slowly, Cathy released the breast from her hungry mouth, her tongue
teasing the blood-gorged nipple the whole time.  "Oh, now you're excited,"
she hummed, as she stepped back, away from the bed.
 Lisa looked up just in time to see Scott hovering over her, holding a
small clamp in his hand.
 "What are you doing?  What is that for?" asked Lisa, panic growing in her
voice.  Scott said nothing, he merely fit the clamp around her erect
nipple, and started to twist it closed.
 "Oh, no!  NO!  Please, you'll kill me!"
 "Oh, not yet.  The evening is young," he said, as he continued to twist
the clamp.  It bit down hard on Lisa's nipple, crushing it mercilessly,
causing Lisa to scream out her pain.
 "Oh, it's not so bad yet, is it?" asked Cathy, from her other side.  Lisa
turned her head towards Cathy, her eyes filling with tears.
 "Please, Cathy, make him stop!  I'll do anything!  I'll give you
anything!"
 "Oh, but Lisa," smurmed Cathy, "I just want you, my dear."  She knelt
beside Lisa and took Lisa's other nipple into her mouth, suckling and
licking it.
 Lisa knew there was another clamp in Scott's case, waiting for that
nipple to become erect, but she had no control over her body's natural
reaction to Cathy's hot tongue and wet mouth.  All the while, Cathy ran
her fingertips in soft, gentle circles up and down Lisa's smooth stomach,
sending delicious shivers of pleasure up her body.
 Cathy's mouth slowly left her nipple, her hands still stroking Lisa's
body, and Lisa clenched her eyes shut, trying to disbelieve what was about
to happen to her.  To no avail... the clamp bit into her left nipple
moments later, tightening until the blood-gorged morsel of flesh felt like
it would surely burst.  She screamed again, longer this time, because
every move her torso made caused both of her nipples to erupt with pain
all over again.
 "Take them off, please!  Oh, God, they hurt!"
 "Oh, Lisa?"
 Lisa looked down to where Cathy had spoken, from between her legs.
 "If you think those hurt, just wait for this one."
 Saying this, Cathy ran her tongue up Lisa's twat in one long motion,
working it between her outer lips, and going straight for her clit.
 "Oh, for the love of God, Cathy, not that!  Don't let him put one there!"
 Cathy merely chuckled in her bitchy little way, and continued to go down
on her, licking her pussy with relish.  Scott stood back, watching, his
cock growing ever stiffer.
 "But Lisa," said Cathy, between slurps, "you loved it so much when I
licked you here before."  She chuckled her bitchy little chuckle again,
and teased Lisa's clit out with her tongue, and sucked it into her mouth. 
"Mmmmmm," she moaned again, as her tongue teased the very tip of Lisa's
clit.  "Oh, Lisa," she said, as she released Lisa's clitoris from her
mouth, "it's so ready.  Isn't it, my Lord?"
 "No," said Lisa, as Scott knelt over her pussy, clamp in hand.  "NO! 
AAAAAAA!  STOP!  PLEASE, STOP!"
 Scott continued to tighten the clamp, crushing Lisa's horribly sensitive
love nub.  Lisa's scream drew pain from her pussy as well as her nipples
now, causing a triangle of agony over the front of her body.  
 Cathy then went to the cabinet herself, her ass swaying sassily as she
walked.  "Shall I prepare her for the next step, my Lord?"
 Scott sat back in an armchair next to the bed, and smiled.  "As you wish,
my dear."
 Lisa slowed her breathing.  If she didn't move, the pain was just
bearable.  Maybe, just maybe, she would get through this without any more
pain.  Then she saw what Cathy had retrieved from the closet.
 It looked like part of a broom handle... no, it was thicker than that. 
Perhaps it was the rounded end of a shovel's handle?  Two feet long, with
the last six inches wrapped like a knife hilt.  And Lisa had a terrible
feeling she knew what, and where, it was for.
 "Did you like it, when I had my face buried between your legs?" asked
Cathy, as she moved to the bed, and crawled onto it.  "Did you get off,
watching me take Scott's cock up my ass?"
 Lisa couldn't take her eyes off of the long, thick stick that Cathy held;
she fought to control her breathing, to keep down the pain from the
clamps.
 Cathy started playing the end of the stick around in Lisa's cleft,
nudging the clit clamp with it and drawing a spasm of pain from her.  She
put the first half-inch or so of the stick into Lisa's wet, sticky cunt
hole, and rotated it around.  "It has to be slippery," said Cathy, "...
for the job ahead."
 "God, Cathy, no, please..."
 Cathy moved the stick down an inch or so, and pressed it against Lisa's
anal opening.  "I know you're no stranger to this kind of penetration,
Lisa... Scott told me how he initiated you to it.  But this is much
thicker than Scott is... no offense, my Lord."
 "None taken."
 "And I intend to be very rough with it," said Cathy.  "So let's see how
well you take it!"
 With that, she began to force the stick into Lisa's anus.  Lisa gritted
her teeth and tried to remain silent.. the motion of screaming would cause
the clamps on her nipples and clitoris to shift again, causing even more
pain.  But, as Cathy roughly rammed the stick into Lisa's asshole, a
scream escaped from Lisa's lips, a scream that lenghtened as the clamps
shifted.
 Cathy continued to chuckle insanely as she drove the stick deeper and
deeper up Lisa's ass, causing Lisa to moan and cry out in pain.  
 "That's it, bitch, take it!  Take more of it!"  Cathy chortled.  
 "Cathy, Stop!  Oh, GOD, it HURTS!"
 Cathy rammed a foot of the stick up Lisa's ass, and then wiggled it back
and forth roughly, causing even more intense pain.  The pain in her
asshole merged with the pain from her clitoris and nipples, blending into
one horrible melage of agony over Lisa's whole body.
 "Now, why don't you prepare me for the next step?" asked Scott, as he
stood up.
 Cathy stood up and walked around the bed, her ass still swaying.  She
moved to stand in front of Scott, and dropped her panties.
 "My Lord, I hope I service you well," she said, as she went down to her
knees.  She untied his robe and opened it releasing his rampant cock.
 "I do not know if I can take it all, Scott," she confessed, as she slowly
stroked it back and forth with her hand.
 "Oh, you can," said Scott.  "And you will."
 Cathy swallowed... she had thought she would be immune from Scott's
temper this evening, but if she failed to please him properly, she could
easily find herself lying next to Lisa on that bed, with a set of clamps
of her own.
 She began slowly, running her tongue along the underside of Scott's cock,
making sure that Lisa could see every move she made.
 When her slow lick reached the head of his cock, she kissed it hard,
slowly drawing it into her mouth through sheer force of suction.  Scott
threw his head back and moaned with the sheer pleasure of it.
 Soon, Cathy had almost all of Scott's cock in her mouth, but there were
still a couple of inches to go, and it was already touching the back of
her throat!  She had no choice, though... if she didn't want to end up
tortured and raped on his bed, she had to take him into her throat. 
Closing her eyes and holding her breath, she relaxed her throat muscles
and forced her own head down onto his cock, almost choking, but not quite.
 "That's it," he said, as her nose pressed into his belly.  "All the way."
 She began to bob back and forth, keeping her lips tight around his cock
shaft, and forcing it down her throat on every down-thrust.  She felt him
swelling in her mouth, felt every ridge and vein, every inch... and she
knew that she was doing more than sucking a cock.  She was forging a
weapon in the fire of her passion; a sword, a spear, a thrusting staff to
be plunged into her enemy, and only her mouth could forge it hard and long
enough to do what it had to do.  She redoubled her efforts, sucking harder
and faster, moving her tongue against the bottom of it constantly.  Her
hands moved around him, under his robe, and grasped Scott's ass, pulling
him against her harder, forcing it down her throat harder and faster.
 After a few long minutes, he grasped her by her hair and pulled her off
of his cock.  
 "Any more of that, and there'll be nothing left for her," he said,
looking at Lisa.  He turned towards her, his cock pointing straight
between her legs.
 "M..my Lord," said Lisa, her body just getting used to the stick in her
ass as well as the clamps on her, "...I..I can't take any more... I beg of
you..."
 He smiled and climbed on top of her, pressing his body down on top of
her.  He pressed against the clamps, and his cock nudged the clamp on her
clit, and she moaned, long and loud.  Then, he started to press his
massive cock into her pussy.
 She had, of course, taken his cock before, in both her pussy and her ass,
but with that huge stick up her ass, Scott's big cock stretched her beyond
her capacity, and she nearly passed out from the pain.
 Once he was entirely in her, he started pumping her hard, ramming it in
and out of her, causing her as much pain as she had ever experienced in
her life.  
 She stared down at his cock ramming into her, and the pain began to
change.  She still yelled, it still hurt, but the pain was so
overpowering, she began to become confused, the pain becoming
indistinguishable from pleasure.
 Just when she thought her senses were as overloaded as they could be, her
vision was obscured by Cathy's lilly-white belly as Cathy straddled her
face.
 "Now," said Cathy, "You will pleasure me, Lisa.  Do it, Lisa."
 Cathy lowered her naked crotch down onto Lisa's mouth and began gyrating
her hips.  "Lick me, Lisa!  Lick me like an ice-cream!"
 The pain, the pleasure, Scott's cock ramming into her pussy, Cathy's hot,
wet pussy pressing down on her mouth... it overwhelmed her.  Lisa's tongue
pressed hard against Cathy's pussy, and started to lick it, hard and fast.
 Cathy grabbed the headboard for support and mashed her snatch down onto
Lisa's open mouth, screaming in her own orgasm.  Scott shot his cum deep
up Lisa's pussy as Cathy drenched her mouth with her spendings, and Lisa
experienced an orgasm so powerful, it knocked her clean unconscious.
 She awoke some time later, untied and unclamped, her anus free of the
stick, covered in a silken sheet.  Cathy was asleep next to her, her arms
wrapped around Lisa.  Scott was working at the desk in his Sanctum, his
dark mood broken, able to concentrate on his business again.  
 Confident in her role in restoring one of England's finest businessman to
his peak of performance, Lisa gently kissed Cathy's lips, and drifted back
to sleep.

THE END


NOTE NOTE NOTE NOTE NOTE
This is the second in the long line of "Victorian Erotica" stories.  Look
for more to follow ... and in the mean time, your comments, questions,
criticisms, and witty ancedotes about exploding farm animals are quite
welcome!


Dracthyus@aol.com


"YOU try fighting Cthulu, Dillhole!  He'll kick your ass, THEN he'll
redecorate!"   --Beavis
