Archive-name: Violent/rapebond.txt
Archive-author: Joseph Brabet
Archive-title: Masturbation, bondage & rape fantasy


*****COPYRIGHT 1992 Joseph Brabet. All rights reserved.*****

She was an unsatisfied woman. Not dissatisfied, merely unsatisfied. Her 
sex drives had amazed and frightened her when they had first manifested 
themselves at the age of eleven. Throughout her adolescence her libido 
had been a demon she had sought to control, fearing rightly that to give full 
rein to it would earn her the scorn of her peers. Marriage seemed a 
worthwhile alternative to a life of random and meaningless promiscuity and 
so at the age of nineteen she had married a man who was ten years older 
than herself, but strong, lusty and virile. His health went into a sudden and 
inexplicable decline about three years later, however, and along with it his 
sexual vitality. No longer able to satisfy her, he became bitter and 
withdrawn. Meanwhile she tried to submerge her growing frustration in 
frenzied activity of all types except sex, feeling some sort of duty in that 
particular direction. 

Indeed, had it not been for her deep and sincere affection for him, she 
would have taken a lover long ago. Instead she had to satisfy herself on 
her own. She would find herself alone sometimes on a hot summer's 
afternoon, when the heat and weight of the air slowed all human activity 
almost to a standstill. Then she would retreat to the cool dark recesses of 
her room where she would draw the curtains even more tightly closed than 
they already were. Languidly, as if in the presence of an invisible lover, 
she would remove her clothing, piece by piece, revelling in the physical 
sensation of moving inexorably closer to a state of nudity with every 
garment that fell to the floor. When she reached her underwear, her lacy 
brassiere and panties, she would pause for a moment, surveying her body 
critically with the practised eye of an ex-model and finding herself pleased 
at its lithe curves and healthy condition. Running her fingers over her 
underclothes she would tease and tempt the willing flesh that lay beneath, 
as if her body and her hands belonged to two different people. As her 
fingers fluttered over the mound that swelled at the intersection of her legs, 
a dampness and humidity seemed to swirl about her fingers and urge them 
deeper.

 At this point, her breathing increases and she begins to feel slightly dizzy. 
In a daze, she walks slowly towards her bed and simply allows her knees 
to succumb to the weakness they feel and collapses gently onto the bed. 
She stretches languorously and luxuriantly as if priming herself for what is 
to come. Fluttering her hands over her entire body, she feels her nipples 
once again harden, creating little beacons of arousal on the twin swellings 
of her generous breasts. She bends her head forward and puts a hand 
beneath her right breast, pushing it upward to her mouth. When her mouth 
closes around the nipple she experiences a thrill throughout her body which 
seems to emanate from the nipple and is echoed in her pulsing sex. She 
continues to annoy her right nipple with her tongue while at the same time 
she reaches her left hand down to minister to her sex. Running her hand 
briefly through the hair that covers her mons veneris as a sort of 
preliminary caress, she parts the lips of her sex with two fingers and 
places a third between them. She releases the lips, thereby entrapping the 
finger in their moist folds. Below her finger she can feel the aching need of  
her erect clitoris, hidden beneath its hood, and if she moves her finger 
even slightly she shudders with pleasure. 

Now she slips her thumb into her sex, deep into her hot, wet core, while 
her other fingers curve around to the cleft between her buttocks, where 
they seek out her other opening. She longs to be pierced here by her 
husband, to have her sex brutally ignored and her femininity treated with 
contempt, but knows it to be a vain hope since he is incapable of providing 
even the most basic ministrations to her yearning body. So she satisfies 
herself with a gently probing finger, and meanwhile the movements of her 
hand cause a vibration deep inside her body. She feels her wetness 
increase as her pulse quickens further. Without withdrawing her finger from 
her sex, she concentrates on worrying her clitoris with her thumb. Her 
tempo increases as she begins to lose control. With her right hand, she 
begins to knead her breasts more vigorously instead of sucking on one 
nipple as before. A hot flush suffuses her skin. Time ceases to have 
meaning. 

She fantasizes that someone else is doing this to her, someone who 
despite her entreaties, refuses to stop, who is aroused by her arousal, 
bringing her rapidly closer to the edge of the precipice that awaits her. Her 
imagined pleas turn into involuntary moans of pleasure as she races 
toward her conclusion. Her fingers move ever faster within her labia, and 
her breath begins to come in short pants. She runs her free hand over her 
buttocks and hips, then over her flat stomach and up towards her aching 
breasts with their nipples hard with excitement. She can feel the coming 
explosion and attempts to slow her hand. But the wave has already begun 
building and cannot be stopped. As she increases her tempo, a gush of 
warm liquid pours from her sex and she reaches the point towards which 
she has been striving. As she reaches the precipice she realizes that she 
desired to throw herself off its edge all along. She hurtles headlong into the 
void. Her field of vision turns red and her being becomes centred in her 
sex. She screams in ecstasy and feels her entire body shudder with her 
orgasm. For an eternity she shudders in ecstasy like this, writhing upon 
her bed like a chained animal. 

Finally the tidal wave subsides, and she is returned to her normal world, 
lying on a bed in a dark room, drenched in her own rapidly cooling 
perspiration and bodily fluids and wondering what to do next. Hearing a 
noise, she lifts her head to discover its origin and to her deep shock, sees 
a man standing in the doorway staring at her. Torn between shame on one 
hand at her nudity and at her actions, and on the other hand, a sense of 
eroticism arising from exactly the same factors, she decides in favour of 
modesty and vainly attempts to cover her still-throbbing sex and her naked 
breasts. She is too surprised to speak. Taking her silence for assent, the 
man utters a low grunt and strides quickly toward her bed. "No !" she cries, 
thrusting her palm towards him, willing him to stop coming. 

Ignoring her protests, he continues advancing and in a second stands 
beside her bed. She curls her body into the foetal position and whimpers in 
fear, which has taken over from any erotic impulses she may have had at 
the presence of a stranger in her room. "No please, please..." she implores 
him. The man is not so easily dissuaded by her entreaties and taking her 
arms roughly, pulls them apart and pins them to the bed beside her head. 
She screams and begins struggling, unable to believe that this is 
happening to her. Her full, round breasts jiggle fetchingly as she writhes, 
her torso twisting from side to side. She starts flailing her legs in 
desperation so the man responds by jumping astride her stomach where he 
can control her better. He lets go of one hand, raises his right arm and 
gives her an almighty slap on the cheek. She is temporarily stunned into 
silence until the shock subsides and the pain takes over, and she begins 
crying loudly. Tears stream down her cheeks, one of which is pale with 
fright and the other bright red from the man s blow. The man smiles cruelly 
at her tears, obviously enjoying and being further aroused by them. Her 
sobs increase in volume but his excitement only mounts. He bends 
forward and kisses the tears on her cheek, the one he struck. She flinches 
at this contact and annoyed, her hits her face again. This brings forth a 
fresh torrent of tears from the despairing woman. The man s only response 
is a harsh laugh. 

He reaches behind him into the back pocket of his faded blue jeans, 
withdrawing something hard and glittering. It is a pair of silver handcuffs, 
their clasps unlocked. Taking one of her hands in his, he fastens one cuff 
around her small wrist and clicks the ratchet mechanism shut tight, 
pinching her wrist painfully in the process. A cold sweat breaks out over 
her body at her predicament, making her look shiny and sleek. With her 
free hand, she tries to scratch the man s face but misses narrowly. 
Angered, he catches her hand while still holding the empty handcuff, and 
half-turns and smacks the side of her left buttock. At this she stops 
struggling, but the man is inflamed by her naked body and her smooth, 
bare thighs and buttocks. He climbs off her and rolls her onto her front. Her 
beautiful curved back and quivering buttocks further provoke his animal 
lust. The man passes the chain of the handcuffs around one of the vertical 
bars of the brass bedhead and closes the other cuff around her free wrist. 
Chained by her wrists to the bed, she can only kick her legs in frustration. 

One of her feet strikes him a blow on the thigh and this makes him more 
furious. He sits on his haunches, imprisoning her calves. Raising his right 
hand, he slaps her right buttock with tremendous force, making her scream 
in pain. He lifts his left hand and smacks her left buttock. Red imprints of 
his hands mark each burning cheek. Intoxicated, he slaps each buttock in 
turn with increasing fervour at every stroke. The air is rent by her screams 
and the sound of his hands on her stinging flesh. Suddenly he pauses, 
seeing something that catches his eye. Placing his hand under her 
buttocks and between her legs, he comes in contact with her dripping sex. 
"So you like this !" he laughs, and brutally thrusts a finger between her 
nether lips and up into her wet sex. "No !" she screams, but her body has 
betrayed her. He laughs again and continues pushing his finger deeper into 
her sex as she moans involuntarily, then realizing her mistake, renews her 
crying. 

With his free hand he smacks her buttock cheeks continually while not 
letting up in his assault on her sex. The woman is crying into the pillow, 
soaking it with her tears of pain at the spanking, but biting it with her mouth 
at the same time in an attempt to stifle her moans of pleasure from the 
attentions of the man s finger inside her hot centre. He is not deceived, 
however, and keeps up both attacks simultaneously. Her cries start to 
come faster than his slaps, and he laughs in derision as he realizes she is 
about to have an orgasm. The combined effects of his two hands, one on 
her soft rump and the other inside her sex, push the woman closer to a 
climax, even as she cries and begs him to stop. Suddenly she can hold 
back no longer and with a loud scream she reaches her peak and her body 
goes rigid, then shudders deeply several times. A gush of hot liquid pours 
from her sex onto the man s fingers. He withdraws his finger, which makes 
a sucking sound as it is removed from within her, and licks one of his wet 
fingers, tasting her juices on it. She pants quietly as she comes down from 
her peak, totally stunned at her own reactions. 

A thought strikes him and he wipes his remaining wet fingers in the cleft 
between the red cheeks of her buttocks. She flinches at the touch of a 
man s fingers in a place she considers even more private than her sex. In 
an attempt to prevent their intrusion, she clenches her buttocks. While he 
knows this is no barrier to his determination, he allows her to think she has 
won a small victory and removes his hand from her cleft. As a parting 
shot, however, he gives her buttocks one last hard smack to remind her of 
who is in control. Though this takes her by surprise, she does not cry out. 
In a last reminder of his power, he bends down and bites her buttocks so 
hard that blood seeps from two of the teeth-marks, making her cry out in 
pain. 

He releases her legs and rolls her body around again so that she is lying 
on her back. Her nipples are still erect, pointing up towards him 
tantalizingly, and he smirks at this before bending to suck each nipple as 
he caresses her lovely breasts with his hands. She relaxes slightly and 
allows herself to moan in response to this stimulation. When the man tires 
of her breasts, he sits up straight and begins to undo the belt fastening his 
jeans. "No, please, anything but- oh please, no, don't, I can't..." she 
implored tearfully as she understood what he intended to do to her. "Yes 
please, you can, thank you very much," he jeered. She twisted her head 
violently from side to side as soon as she saw that his angry red phallus 
released from his jeans, which he pulled off completely. His erection 
bobbed as he moved, seeming to point at her face like an admonishing 
finger. 

He climbed astride her body, seating himself on her chest where she could 
feel his hard buttocks crushing her breasts. Catching her head in his 
hands, he held it still in spite of her struggling. "Open your mouth, slut !" 
he commanded. "No !" she screamed angrily and desperately. He 
smacked her right cheek hard, but still she was resolute. Annoyed, he 
simply put his hands around her neck and began squeezing, cutting off her 
air supply. She started going red in the face and her eyes bulged. When 
finally he released her throat, she opened her mouth and took in great 
gasps of air. Satisfied, he rose up on his knees, pointed his phallus down 
and brutally drove it into her mouth. Immediately she gagged and tears 
poured from her eyes as muffled screams emerged from her throat. She 
took a breath on the backstroke of his penis but gagged again as he thrust 
down deep into her throat. The man reacted rapidly to the hot, wet mouth 
of the woman and he felt his sperm rise. He took her head in both hands 
and pulled it back and forth in time with the long thrusts of his phallus into 
her mouth. Suddenly he pulled her head to his groin and held it fast. Great 
spurts of sperm jetted into her mouth and struck the back of her throat. 
She could feel the hot, thick liquid going down and hoped she would not 
choke before he finished. He hoped she would. When he eventually pulled 
his still-erect penis from her mouth, she coughed violently, but she had 
already swallowed most of his sperm. He wiped the last drops from the tip 
of his phallus onto her face, precipitating a new wave of tears at this final 
humiliation. 

He lay back, his head resting on her sex, exhausted for the moment. She 
stopped crying and they lay there for several minutes. After a while, she 
lifted her head to look at him and noticed he had regained his erection, to 
her dismay. Sensing her look, he looked at her and smiled evilly, 
contracting the muscles in his groin as he did so, which caused his 
erection to move threateningly. He jumped off her and turned her onto her 
belly, giving her pretty rump a gentle slap. Her exquisite derriere inspired 
fresh lust in him and he took the two pillows from beneath her head and 
placed them under her pelvis. This naturally had the effect of raising her 
buttocks in the air, presenting them attractively to the man. He thrust two 
fingers into her still-wet sex and wiped them in the crease between her 
buttocks, paying particular attention to her rear opening. 

She gasps as she comprehends that her fantasy may be about to be 
realized, though she had not expected it to be quite so soon after she 
imagined it, and certainly not in this particular manner. Fear grips her when 
she wonders how the swollen penis that was thrust down her throat will fit 
into her small rear opening. The man is untroubled by such thoughts as he 
spreads the cheeks of her buttocks and places the tip of his penis against 
the small, puckered hole. Gripping her hips firmly, he pushes hard and 
penetrates a short distance. The woman screams in agony, feeling as if 
she is being torn in two, although this is mostly illusory. He thrusts again, 
harder this time, and makes progress, driving deeper into her bowels. On 
the fifth stroke, he has driven his penis in to the hilt and his testicles slap 
against her wet, quivering and empty sex. The transfixed woman groans in 
pleasure and pain at the sensation of being pierced in such a place for the 
first time, and pushes her rump against him, willing him to thrust deeper 
and harder. He reaches forward and takes her long brown tresses in his 
right hand, pulling her head backwards as he rams his phallus into her rear. 
She screams with each thrust, but never fails to push back at the same 
time. Still pulling her hair, he starts hitting her buttocks with his free hand 
in time with his thrusting, which further stimulates the woman s 
impassioned screaming. His thrusts come faster and faster, pushing them 
both towards a conclusion. With a loud scream of ecstasy, the woman 
climaxes more violently than she ever has before, her orgasm lasting a full 
two minutes. During this time, the man continues to slap the cheeks of her 
buttocks as he drives his penis deep between them. Finally, he grunts 
hoarsely as he reaches his peak. She feels his hot sperm as it is ejected 
into her rear passage and she cries with joy as she continues discharging. 

THE END

--
