     She was a little nervous going out with a black guy, but hey,
it was the nineties, and anyway, he was kind of cute, and seemed
like a nice guy. She dressed, then undressed, then dressed again a
dozen times, trying to find just the right look.
     She didn't want to look like a preppie, on the other hand she
didn't want to look like a slut either. She wasn't going to sleep
with this guy, after all. She worried slightly that he might expect
it of her. Didn't black girls do it all the time?
     Holly didn't really know very much about black people. There
weren't many in her suburban high school, and none at all in her
neighbourhood.
     Still, she came from a very liberal family, and was raised to
treat everyone alike, regardless of race, creed or... or...
whatever. She could never remember the last one. 
     She tired on another look. No, that was too ethnic. She didn't
want him to think she was some dopey white girl who was trying to
dress black. She stripped again and looked for something else.
     Maybe spandex. No, too cheap. A mini-skirt? No, what if he
tried something? It was hard to fend a guy off in a mini. Jeans,
not tight ones, just simple jeans, that would do, she thought, and
a simple blouse.
     Or would he think she was dressing down? She cursed again,
wishing she could ask Angela or Susan, not that they'd ever dated
a black guy either, but at least they would have some opinion. She
couldn't very well phone them though, not after their conversation
that morning.
     "You're dating Jason?" Angela had gasped.
     "So what? Anyway, I'm not dating him. I'm just going on a
date."
     "But... but... but he's... "
     "What?" she'd asked defiantly.
     "Well, Holly, you know those black guys. They only want one
thing."
     "That's so racist."
     "It is not. He'll expect you to sleep with him," Susan had
nodded.
     "Don't be stupid," she'd glared. "You two are so dumb."
     "I bet he screws all the black girls he dates," Angela had
said.
     "That's an incredibly racist thing to say!"
     "Is not."
     "Is too."
     "What if he tries to make you?" Susan said, worried.
     "Why would he do that? Anyway, we're only going to the
movies."
     "Maybe he'll drive you into the bushes or something."
     "Don't be an idiot! Anyway, he hasn't got a car. We're taking
the bus."
     "Why would you date a guy without a car?" Angela had demanded.
     "Because he's cute," she'd said defensively.
     Actually she'd been too afraid of offending him, too afraid
he'd think she turned him down because he was black.
     "You should have said no," Susan said.
     She should have, but it was too late now. She was meeting him
in half an hour and still didn't know what she'd wear. She was in
front of her closet wearing nothing but a pair of bikini panties,
and desperately afraid of making the wrong choice, giving the wrong
signals.
     She turned her head a little and looked at herself in the
mirror hanging on the back of the door, straightening her back and
lifting her head slightly.
I'm getting fat, she thought dolefully.
     But no, it was mostly her breasts that were fat, big and
round, though very firm. She had big round areolas and nipples
that, because she was chilly from the cool night air coming through
the open window, were very long and stiff.
     She despaired of her hips, though nobody else seemed to think
they were too wide, and of her behind, though again, it was only
her, and maybe Angela who said ti was too big. Boys seemed to like
it. 
     She flicked her thick brown hair out of her eyes, frowning at
her face. It was not a beautiful face, but it was pretty, with big
brown eyes and a tiny snub nose. her hair was a shiny light brown,
and fell in wavy curls around her face to her collar, just touching
her shoulders.
     Well, jeans would have to do. She'd go casual. They were only
going to a stupid movie, after all.

     She met Jason at the bus stop and they went downtown. He gave
her a Raider's baseball hat, which she tried to put on straight. He
showed her the right way to wear it, with the brim in the back. She
insisted though on letting her bangs fall out in front.
     To her surprise she didn't find it that hard to talk to him.
They were laughing and joking before they even got off the bus. By
the time the movie had started she had relaxed completely.
     So when he put his arm across her shoulder she didn't try to
shrug it off. She waited for him to try something else, ready to
shoot him down, but he didn't.
     The movie ended and they left, heading for the bus stop.
     She was in a very good mood, the movie having been a good one
and the date progressing well, and she grabbed Jason's arm, pulling
it around her shoulder as they walked. Some people gave them odd
looks as they passed but she felt almost proud of herself, dating
a black guy.
     There was nobody else waiting at the bus stop and she got a
little giggly with Jason, and maybe teasing him a little, like she
teased all the boys.
     "You didn't try and kiss me," she grinned impudently.
     "Should I have?" he grinned back.
     "I don't know."
He stepped forward but she backed off, giggling.
     He didn't pursue her.
     "I guess you don't want to kiss me very badly," she said.
     "You want me to chase after a white girl, in this
neighbourhood?"
     "Oh, silly, nobody cares about that."
     "Huh? What world you livin' in, baby?"
     She stepped forward and put her arms over his shoulders,
standing on her toes to kiss him. At first he didn't move, then he
folded his arms around her as their kiss turned a little deeper.
She pulled her mouth back a little, grinning, then they kissed
again. His hands slid down her back and onto her behind, squeezing.
     She pulled back, laughing. "Uh uh uh," she said.  "What kind
of a girl do you think I am?"
     "That's what dates are for, so I can find out."
     He really was cute, but this was a first date, after all. She
thought about making it with a black guy, with Jason. She'd never
made it with anyone before, and was intensely curious about sex.
She wondered if it was true that black guys had extra large things.
     She thought about asking Jason and giggling helplessly.
     "What's so funny?" he asked.
     "Nothing."
     The  bus came and they got on, going to the rear and sitting
down together. Jason put his arm over her shoulder and kissed her
again. She kissed back a bit, then pulled her head away. They were
on the bus, after all, and though it was almost empty there were
people there.
     How incredibly trampy, she thought, necking with a black guy
in public. She felt daring, and maybe a little smug, feeling how
superior her liberal morals were to most people. Angela and Susan,
for instance.
     She hardly noticed when three guys got on the bus and came to
the rear, sitting in the cross seats. Jason noticed, and took his
arm off her, but she snuggled in tighter to his body. 
     The three were older, in their early twenties maybe and had
been drinking. Even Holly noticed that soon by the way they talked
to each other and the way they smelled.
     One of them in particular, a tall blonde guy in a jean jacket,
was staring at her. She looked away, starting to get a little 
nervous. She saw him out of the corner of her eye, as he nudged the
guy sitting beside him. The guy turned to look at her too.
     "Hey, honey," the blonde guy said suddenly.  "What're you
doin' back there? Come an' sit with us."
     She ignored him of course.
     "Guess she likes niggers," The other guys said. He wasn't as
tall as the blonde, but was very thick bodied, with big arms and
shoulders and a fat face.
     Jason stiffened but said nothing.
     "Guess she likes that nigger cock," The other guy said. He was
short and had a beard and curly brown hair.
     "You like nigger cock, girly?" the blonde guy asked, sneering.
"Eh, little nigger lover?"
     "Hey, man, why don't you just leave us alone?" Jason glared.
     "Why don't you date nigger girls, boy?" the blonde guy asked.
     "Cause they all got AIDS from their customers," the short guy
said, making the other two laugh loudly.
     "Gotta admire your taste though," the blonde guy said. "She
sure has nice big melons there."
     "Bet you can't wait to go home and get your lips around those
big nipples, eh boy?" the curly haired guy said.
     Holly turned beat red, looking down at her legs and folding
her arms across her chest. Her heart pounded with fear and she
wished desperately that the would go away.
     "Hey, baby, you deep throat? All nigger girls gotta deep
throat," the broad shouldered guy sniggered.
     A piece of wadded up paper struck her chest and bounced off
onto the floor. It was a crushed dollar bill.
     "That enough for a blow job, baby?" the blonde guy laughed.
"C'mon, there's nobody looking."
     In desperation she reached up and yanked the cord, ringing the
bell. She jumped up, ignoring Jason, who tried to grab her, to pull
her back, she raced down the aisle to the rear door and as the bus
stopped, she shoved it open and jumped off and ran back down the
sidewalk.
     Jason jumped off behind her and caught her a few yards away.
He turned to watch the bus roar away, panting for breath.
     "Jesus, that was so fuckin' stupid!" he cried.
     "I couldn't stay there any more!"
     "You're just lucky they didn't get off with us. Or didn't you 
think of that."
She hadn't, and shrugged in regret.
     "We were more or less safe on the bus. We don't know where the
hell we are here."
     "I couldn't stay there and let them say things like that to
me," she whimpered. "Anyway, we're not far from my Uncle's house.
We just have to cut through this field."
     It was dark out, the night pierced by a few solitary street
lamps and some of windows of nearby houses.
     "Those dirty fuckers!" she snarled, angry now that her fear
had passed.
     "I'd have loved to tear their fuckin' heads off," Jason
agreed.
     There was a well worn path through the field and they had no
difficulty walking. In fact, the path was wide enough to walk side
by side. Holly put her arm around Jason's waist as they walked and
he returned the favor.
     "They were such bastards," she said sadly.
     "Yeah. You got that right."
     "Hey, nigger girl! Wait for us!"
The both turned in shock to see the three men running into the
field behind them.
     "Oh fuck! Run for it!" Jason yelled, running forward and
dragging her along.
     They raced into the field, trying not to stumble on the path
as the three men hooted and yelled and whooped behind them. Holly
ran faster than she'd ever run in her life, but that still wasn't
fast, and even with Jason pulling her by the hand she was soon
stumbling and panting for breath.
     "Come on!" he cried.
     "I... I... can't.... run... any... faster!" she gasped.
     He looked around desperately for some place to hide. The grass
was waist high on either side. He pulled her off the path and into
the grass, but the three men were too close to just lie down. They
turned off the path as well, yelling obscenities and threats.
     "We'll show you to go after white girls, nigger."
     "Hey, nigger slut! I got something for you!"
     "Hey, let's see how you like white cock, whore!"
     "Gonna get you nigger!"
     Then she fell flat and couldn't rise, despite Jason's
desperate pulling. The men raced up and Jason let go of her wrist
to face them. The first man bent and rammed the much smaller
teenager in the chest, hurling him several yards back, where he
fell on his back with a cry of pain. The heavy man then he leapt
down, his knee smashing down into Jason's crotch.
     Holly crawled to her feet and staggered off several feet as
the other two men jumped on Jason, punching and kicking him. She
was whimpering and sobbing, gasping for breath as she staggered
further into the grasses.
     But then one of them was loping after her, jumping high
through the grass. She cried out in terror and ran harder but
seconds later she felt his hand gripping her hair, pulling her to
an abrupt halt.
     She screamed, then lost her balance and fell to the ground
with him on top of her. He was laughing and snickering, slobbering
over her as he kissed her neck and the side of her face.
     "Get off me! Leave me alone! Let me go!" she screamed.
     He only laughed, his hand coming around under her and
squeezing her right breast hard. She cried out in pain and terror,
trying to throw him off, but his fingers dug into her tit meat as
he ground his crotch into her buttocks and kissed her hard on the
throat and cheek.
     Then the other two were there, kneeling and squatting beside
her. Hands gripped her pants and tugged at them as she screamed and
clawed at them. Hands seized her wrists, pulling them up behind
her, and then she was jerked around onto her back, in a sitting
position with the first guy holding her from behind.
     She was slapped hard in the face. She cried out in shock, then
burst into tears.
     Again she was slapped, then again, then again, until she fell
silent, choking back her tears as they growled at her like animals.
     "Shut you stinking face, you slut!" the blonde guy hissed.
     "Yeah, you can give us what you give the niggers!" the short
guy grinned malevolently.
     "But I'm a virgin!" she cried desperately.
     "Not after tonight you won't be," the short guy sniggered.
     The blonde guy undid her jeans. She sobbed weakly as he jerked
them down her thighs, taking her panties with them. She wept in
fear and humilation as they tore her pants off her feet. Her tennis
shoes were popped off with her pants, leaving her naked below the
waist.
     She gasped as a hand was thrust in between her legs and cupped
her puffy little cunt mound. She tried to wriggle away but was
helpless as the hand squeezed her repeatedly. The men snickered and
growled.
     "She really needs a hard one," the blonde said.
     "She's gonna get three of em'."
     "Please! Please don't!" she begged.
     "We'll show you what happens to girls who go out with
niggers," the broad shouldered man said.
     The blonde man tore her jacket open, then they shoved her back
on her back in the grass, prying her legs wide. He knelt between
her legs as the big man knelt above her head, holding her hands
pressed down against the grass above her.
     The blonde guy leered down at her and then grabbed her blouse
and tore it open. She gave a low cry and then resumed her weeping.
His hands tore at her bra until it too parted. All three sighed in
pleasure at the sight of her full, rounded breasts.
     "Nice fuckin' tits!"
     "Those are for fucking!"
     "Fuckin' A!"
     "Lookit these cones!"
     Holly was so horrified, so humiliated by laying there naked
between the staring, drooling men, that she was almost silent with
shock, then she cried out as six hands fought over her breasts. She
gasped and moaned and whimpered helplessly. The fingers clawed at
her soft tit meat, digging into it, twisting and pulling and
mashing her sensitive orbs.
     The blonde guy unzipped his pants and brought out his hard
erection. Holly gasped and stared at it with wide eyes. She'd never
seen a live cock before and now it seemed gigantic. She thought
that it must surely kill her if he tried to push all of that into
her.
     He spit on his hand, then rubbed it against her cunt lips. She
cringed in disgust, trying to wriggle away. He spit on his hand
again, and again rubbed it at her pussy. She felt his fingers
prying at her slit, digging into her, shoving into her body.
     She screamed and was slapped hard, knocking her head back onto
the ground. She lay limp, staring at the night sky as she felt the
blonde man's finger pumping at her pussy. She groaned weakly, her
pussy smarting from the rude intrusion.
     Then his finger came out and she couldn't help looking down in
anxious fear as the blonde man positioned the nose of his cock
against her damp slit. She felt it push against her, felt herself
opening, felt her pussy lips pushing in and back as the big cock
pushed into her.
     "Please! Please!" she whimpered.
     "She's begging for it, Jack!"
     "Rip her man!"
     His cock pushed into her, forcing her pussy lips wide, wide
apart. They ached and stung, and then her pussy began to ache and
sting as the big male organ pushed deeper. She whimpered and bit
her lip against the pain as she watched his cock going into her. 
     Her vision blurred a little and a wave of dizziness swept over
her. She realized she was breathing so fast she was hyper-
ventilating, but didn't care, hoped to fall unconscious. 
     Then she cried out in agony as the blonde man thrust into her
hard. His cock tore through her cherry and slid remorselessly up
into her belly.
     "Pop goes the cherry! Pop goes the cherry!" they sang, then
laughed uproariously.
     The blonde man shoved himself in deeper, burying his cock in
her tight, virgin hole. He worked himself around in circles,
twisting his cock inside her guts. Holly grunted and moaned, amazed
at the feel of something up inside her like that, frightened and
mortified.
     The man drew back and she hissed in pain as his cock slid back
down her aching tube. It hurt as much going out as it had coming
in. It didn't go back for though, thrusting into her once again.
The man began to fuck her with short strokes, slapping his hips
against her thighs as he rutted his cock into her torn pussy
chamber.
     "Faster! Harder! She loves it, man!
     "Yeah. Give it to the slut!"
     The blonde man grunted as he worked his cock in and out of her
pussy. Holly dug her fingernails into the palms of her hands,
whimpering helplessly as she was fucked by the blonde's hard cock.
The blonde man held her thighs up and back, raising her ass off the
ground. His hips slapped into her ass cheeks with a loud crack of
noise each time he drove his cock into her.
     The big man, the one holding her hands, put his knees on them
instead. He reached across her face and fondled her breasts,
pinching and squeezing them, rolling her nipples between his
fingers,, mashing her tits together, then apart.
     The blonde man humped harder, his cock pistoning inside her
aching fuck chamber. Then he thrust deep and groaned as his body
shuddered.
     "Give it to her, Jack!"
     "Uhhhh," Jack groaned. "Take it, baby! Take my cum!"
     Holly realized, with new horror that his jism was  spurting
down into her belly. She was almost nauseous at the realization.
     He pulled back and she felt the cool night breeze against her
wet pussy mouth. The short guy took his place, giggling with glee.
He drove his own cock into her, falling forward across her body as
he did.
     Holly gave a little cry as his cock entered her, then gasped
as his weight came down on her body. He gripped her hair in his
left hand, twisting her head back and her face up, then mashed his
lips down against her as he humped furiously with his hips.
     She felt his tongue shoving into her mouth and was too
frightened and too numbed to fight it. His free hand clutched at
her titty, squeezing and kneading the warm flesh as he drove his
cock deep into her with each hard thrust. 
     He humped up and down, jerking his ass from side to side to
enter her from different angles. His mouth came off hers and he
licked along her lips and cheeks, then bit down on the nape of her
neck and sucked hard. She moaned weakly, her eyes tearing again.
     His hips pummelled her soft inner thighs, and she spread her
legs wider in self-defence. His cock pushed deeper then but she
couldn't close her legs again. He pumped wildly atop her for long
minutes, then grunted and fell flat on her body, his chest heaving.
     "My turn, the other man said. The short man rolled off her and
the third guy gripped her by the hair and one hand, turning her
onto her belly. He jammed a hand under her crotch and pulled her
ass up into the air, then knelt behind her.
     Holly pressed her hands against the ground to keep her face
out of the dirt, then, on all fours, she was mounted. The man
thrust his cock into her an buried it on the first stroke, shoving
hard so she was almost knocked off her hands.
     He seized her hips and began to fuck her with long, deep
strokes, not the short humping movements the first two had used.
His cock slid back and forth, the cockhead, wider then the rest,
punching against what felt like the very bottom of her cunt shaft
as his hips hammered her buttocks.
     Her eyes were almost knocked out of their sockets by the force
of his humping. Her entire body was jarred and jerked back and
forth as he pounded his cock into her fuck hole. Her pussy was by
now almost numb, but still she felt the harsh movements of his
bloated fuck wand as it drove into her.
     "Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!" she gasped.
     "Ride her, Chuck! Ride her!"
     "Rip that pussy apart, Chucky!"
     "Lookit him go!" 
     Holly groaned, blinking her eyes in dazed misery as the man's
cock drove into her with savage force. Her groin ached, her
buttocks ached, her thighs ached, her head was pounding and her
tits felt cut and torn as they swung back and forth beneath her.
     Then the blonde man was kneeling in front of her. He gripped
her hair and jerked her head up so hard she cried out in pain. She
stared at his cock, almost erect again and pointing at her mouth.
     "Suck me off, whore!" he snarled, shoving the cockhead at her
lips.
     She gurgled in denial as his cock slid past her lips and into
her mouth. She'd sucked a cock only once before, but had no choice
as he gripped her hair hard and cursed her. She slipped her tongue
along the underside of the head, the way Susan had recommended,
rubbing it over his cock as she sucked on it.
     Behind her the other guy, Chuck, continued to pound his cock
into her pussy with fierce deep thrusts that made her entire groin
scream in pain. Her guts churned and roiled and she thought she
might throw up on the cock in her mouth.
     He was holding her hair hard, and fucking his cock back and
forth in her mouth, fucking her mouth like it was a cunt. Holly
tried to push against his hips to slow his pace, to control the
depth of the strokes, but he slapped her hands away.
     His cockhead kept smashing against the back of her mouth,
against the entry to her throat, making her choke and cough and
gag.
     "Deep throat me, nigger girl," he hissed. "Take it in your
throat!" She didn't know what he meant and when he cuffed her hard
on the side of the head she was dazed and stopped sucking. He
cursed her and thrust hard, and his cock slid right down her
gullet.
     Her eyes opened wide and she gave a brief chirp of horror
before her voice was cut off, her throat blocked with cock meat.
His prick slid right down into her throat until her nose was mashed
against his belly, his cock hair grinding against her face.
     He groaned and slid his cock up and down in her throat as she
slapped hysterically at his hips. He cuffed her again, and pulled
his cock back out, rubbing the wet, drooling meat against her face.
     "Like that, nigger girl?" he sneered.
     The man behind her thrust so hard he knocked her off her arms
and her upper body was held up only by the hair. He grunted as she
cried out, and he held his cock inside her as he poured more sperm
into her pussy.
     She sobbed in despair as the man pulled out and moved back.
The blonde man lifted her up by the hair, forcing her to sit back
on her heels. Then he pulled her hair harder, forcing her to jerk
up straight, though still on her knees.
     "I love these tits," he said, squeezing her left breast as he
pulled he head back by the hair.
     "Gimmie a tit fuck, whore!" he snarled, letting go of her
hair. 
     "Wha...  what?" she whimpered.
     "Take your tits in your hands and fuck them up and down on my
cock, you stupid nigger loving whore!"
     She looked down in shock at her breasts, then cried out as he
slapped her face.
     "Come on, you cheap cunt, we ain't got all day!"
     She cupped her breasts fearfully, then as he knelt and held
out his cock, she bent over and wrapped her heavy breasts around
it, squeezing his cock between them. He started to hump up and down
as she pressed her tits around it, and she rubbed them from side to
side as he sighed in pleasure.
     Her mind was numbed from the horror of what they were doing to
her, and she was hardly thinking as he fucked her tits and she
rubbed them against his cock. She had to bend far over to wrap her
tits properly around his prong, and a hand slipped under her pussy
and rubbed her. She ignored it.
     The blonde man pulled her head up by the hair, jerking her
tits away from his cock, then shoved it into her mouth again. She
sucked helplessly as he pumped it in her mouth. Then he pulled it
out and held it in his fist right in front of her face.
     He held her by the hair, pumping his cock. A few seconds later
a big wad of sperm shot out and hit her on the forehead. A split
second later another fat wad of juice shot out and splatted on her
nose, then more wads, a long stream of them, shot out onto her
mouth and cheeks and nose and eyes.
     He laughed, then rubbed his cock in her hair and stepped back.
Still on her knees, she fell forward onto her face, groaning.
     She felt something, but at first ignored it. Her mind was
hardly working and she didn't realize what was going on. But as the
pain mounted behind her it woke her a little, enough for her to
understand what was happening.
     "Oh no! Oh please no!" she whimpered, struggling to pull away.
     The broad shouldered man dropped down and shoved her face down
into the dirt, kneeling on her shoulders. Her ass was raised high
in the air by the short man's hands. He held her easily as he
pressed his cock against her asshole.
     She sobbed and moaned and begged for mercy, but the three men
only sneered and laughed as the short man worked his cock into her.
     She cried out in pain as the cock gave a lurch forward.
Someone slapped her ass hard, cursing her. The cock worked deeper,
tearing her asshole apart as it drove into her.
     "Oh my God!" she sobbed. "Oh my God!"
     "You love it, you nigger loving slut!" a voice said.
     "No! No! Don't do this to me! Please don't!"
     The cock thrust in hard and she cried out again. It began to
pump slowly up and down, with short movements, gradually working
its way deeper and deeper into her anus. She felt it push high up
into her guts, and her belly cramped and ached as the intruder
drove into it.
     "Ahhhh," he said, driving it in to the hilt, pressing his
balls against her ass cheeks.
     "UHHHhhhhh! Uuuuuuhhhhhh!" Holly moaned.
     The cock tore backwards, then thrust in again. It pulled back,
then pounded down into her. Soon it had torn her asshole open and
was pumping easily. The man squatted behind her, holding her ass
cheeks as he pumped  the entire length of his cock up and down in
her rectum. He groaned in pleasure as he watched his pole sliding
back and forth through the girl's little round hole.
     The other man jammed Holly's face into the dirt. She could
hear him snigger as the short man sodomized her. Her big breasts
were crushed under her and were scraping back and forth in the dirt
as her body was jerked and pulled back and forth.
     She was still wearing her jacket and shirt, which had now slid
down around her shoulders. She tried to pull some fragments of them
beneath her to put between her titties and the hard sandy ground
but the man above her was jamming her shoulders into the ground to
hard.
     The cock pounded down her asshole, reaming her out with
furious, pistoning strokes. Again her buttocks were hammered by
male hips. Her knees were grinding into the dirt just like her
tits, shoulders and face, and she could feel the cold sand and dirt
and grass between her bare toes.
     He held her ass high, and was fucking almost straight down
into her rectum. The force of his thrusts smashed her knees down
harder in the dirt as he grunted in pleasure.
     Finally the man dropped his load down inside her anus,
grunting with pleasure as he let it out. He slowed his pumping,
then stopped, slapped her ass, and staggered away.
     The big man let go of her shoulders and moved behind her,
though she didn't see him. She didn't move at all as he got down on
his knees behind her. He grabbed the collar of her shirt suddenly,
pulling it, and her jacket right back over her shoulders, lifting
her face and shoulders off the ground briefly by the pressure.
     He tossed them behind her, then tore off her bra so she was
completely naked. Holly no longer cared anyway. She fell back onto
the sandy ground, her cheek pressed against the cold earth as she
felt the man press his cock against her anus.
     She shuddered as he drove it into her to the hilt, then closed
her wet eyes.
     The man pressed down on her shoulders, his belly coming down
on her buttocks as he drove her flat on the ground. He fucked his
cock up and down in her anus for long minutes, his hands continuing
to support him as they pressed against her shoulder blades.
     Her entire body was crushed into the dirt, and she almost felt
like she was a part of it. She ground back and forth, back and
forth, back and forth in time to his fucking movements, then he
groaned and she felt his seed pumping into her asshole.
     He pulled his cock away, and then there was silence. She
didn't move for long minutes, laying flat, spreadeagled on the
ground, naked, shivering with cold. Slowly, she looked up, then
pushed herself up to a sitting position.
     She could see nobody. She blinked her eyes as she rotated her
head, numbed, dazed. She cupped her sore pussy, and her hand came
away very wet. Fearing she was bleeding she raised it to her face,
but in the moonlight saw it was a thick smear of sperm, not blood.
Her asshole also felt wet and she could see the stickiness on chest
between her breasts, could feel the sand sticking to her there, and
between the legs.
     She was still sitting there minutes later when Jason staggered
over, bleeding from a cut to the head. He found her clothes and
slowly dressed her, then helped her to her feet.
     The two slowly made their way out of the field.
