                                Rapid Service

    Since starting work as a delivery person for a furniture store, I had
become rather familiar with driving the city streets. Prior to that I knew
the basics, but little more, since I lived in a smaller town just outside the
city. The daily commute wasn't more than about fifteen minutes, which was
tolerable. It gave me some good experience, in the unlikely case I wanted to
follow one of my many silly, on-the-fly impulses, namely the recurring
impulse to become a taxi driver. Even though I had the indispensable help of
mechanical conveniences, moving furniture around also helped keep me in
relatively good shape. It was sort of a blessing, since although I liked a
good day of physical labor, I would never otherwise work out (in a gym,
anyways).
    I always drove a cube van, just a delivery truck like couriers use, and I
usually drove alone. I sort of liked the solitude, just to contemplate the
many things that my mind loved to play mental acrobatics with. I always kept
my mind on the road, but it still gave me an opportunity to spend some quiet
time alone. Occasionally I even liked to have someone along for company, but
for the most part I enjoyed having some time to myself.
    I was just returning from a delivery. Since all transactions were prepaid
before delivery, all company routine required me to do was get a signature
from the customer confirming delivery and check in with the accounting office
upon returning. The reason for this was that occasionally a customer wasn't
home when I made a delivery, and when something had to come back it played
hell with the books. Joan, the accountant, never let me hear the end of it
when I had to bring something back. We were both twenty-four and still caught
fast in the silliness of youth, which is probably why we got along so well.
    "Hi, Joan," I said, striding into the accounting office.
    She turned to me and smiled sweetly, launching her attack. "Bring
anything back this time?"
    "Hey, two times out of seventy-seven deliveries so far makes about a two
point six percent rate of non-deliverable goods."
    She gave me a comically skeptical look. "That doesn't matter when it
happens twice in a row. -- Nice work with the math, by the way. Where'd you
hide your calculator?"
    I pulled it out of my inside jacket pocket and held it up, smiling.
"Can't pull anything over you, can I?"
    She shook her head, laughing. "No, and you still haven't answered my
question."
    "No, nothing this time." I replaced my calculator and handed her the
sheaf of office copies for the receipts, keeping the other set of copies for
the delivery records.
    "So how'd it go this time?" she asked, checking through the office copies
and updating the records on her computer.
    I made notes in my own record book from my own set of copies, marking off
the invoice numbers. "Not too bad. This time of day the traffic is pretty
close to nonexistent. -- That's how I like it, too."
    "Me, too. Even on my twenty-minute drive every morning and every evening
I encounter a million idiots on the road. I've seen enough accidents to last
me a lifetime."
    I finished with the copies, clipping them to the back of my clipboard
until I could put them away in the shipping office files. "I've seen a few,
too. Some nasty ones."
    Just then, I heard the voice of my employer, Rich, page me over the
intercom.
    "That's me," I told Joan.
    "That's you," she agreed, mocking my tone.
    "Yes, dear," I said sarcastically, grinning and starting to leave. An
eraser flew at my head, and I ducked as it bounced off of a wall and landed
in the garbage can. I waved to an evilly grinning Joan and headed down the
hallway, double-checking my record book.
    As I rounded a corner I nearly ran into a man going in the opposite
direction. "Sorry," I said, looking up from my book.
    "Excuse me," he said as he went past. Out of the corner of my eye I
happened to note that he disappeared into the washroom. As I continued
walking to Rich's office, I could still see the man's face in my mind's eye.
Tall, about my height, dark hair, light blue eyes, sharp features, very light
stubble on his face. Probably about twenty-five or so, just at a rough guess.
The word "cute" didn't come to mind; "cute" was what I thought of when I
thought of baby rabbits and puppies and kittens. Not drop-dead gorgeous,
either, just quite pleasant-looking.
    I knocked on Rich's open door, noting him up to his ears in paperwork. He
looked up at me. "Come on in," he said.
    I sat down. He asked, "Everything go all right?"
    I nodded. "I just got back. I got everything delivered all right."
    "Good. -- We've got a new guy working here. He starts today as a sort of
maintenance man for the back. His name is Derrel, and I've told him you can
help him settle in to the routine here. Just show him around, help him if he
needs supplies -- you know, the basics."
    "Not a problem," I said. "Things usually aren't so busy that I can't take
a few minutes out here and there."
    Just then the man I had almost run into walked into Rich's office. I hid
my sudden surprise, and confirmed for myself that he was really quite
good-looking.
    Rich said, "Ah, Derrel. This is David, our delivery man. He'll help you
settle in. David, this is Derrel."
    Derrel turned to me and said, "Hi." We shook hands.
    Rich said to me, "Well, you know what to do. I'll check back with you in
a little while to see how things are going." He chuckled. "It's all this
paperwork keeping me bogged down right now."
    I smiled and nodded, then left. I looked behind me and saw Derrel
catching up to me. I asked him, "Well, what do you think?"
    He looked thoughtfully at me, then asked, "About the job, you mean?"
    "Yeah."
    He pondered a moment. "It's a living," he said, chuckling to himself.
    I admitted, "Well, you've got the right attitude. Now I know you've got a
chance of surviving the job. Now you have to survive your coworkers, most of
whom I'm sure are criminally insane."
    "Yourself included?"
    I thought a moment. "Can you take the Fifth only in the United States?"
    He paused. "I think so."
    "Then I just have no comment."
    He laughed. "Are they really that bad?"
    I replied, "Well, they just take some getting used to. Their sense of
humor is no exception to this."
    I poked my head into Joan's office on the way past. "Hi there," I said.
    "You again?" she said, jokingly. "I thought I just got rid of you."
    I laughed. "I'm too tenacious. -- Joan, this is Derrel, our new
maintenance guy. Derrel, this is Joan. She's our accountant, so if you're
sent on an errand you need money for, she's the one to see."
    "'Tenacious'?" Joan asked, smiling. "Big word. Looked it up in the
dictionary to see what it meant so I'd think you're smart, huh?"
    I smiled back. "No, I looked it up to try to confuse you, but I don't
have to use words half that long to confuse you."
    She laughed as we left. "Got that right. At least today, anyways. -- See
you around."
    I said to Derrel, "We bug each other all the time. Keeps us sane."
    He nodded, smiling and shaking his head as though wondering what he'd
gotten himself into.
    We finally reached the shipping office. Derek, the shipping manager,
looked at me. "Hey, Rich has you playing teacher, huh?"
    I lowered my voice in an aside to Derrel. "See what I mean?" I called
back to Derek, "Better than playing seat warmer." That evoked laughs and
chuckles from around the shipping room.
    Andrew, one of the other workers, called to me, "Hey Dave, smack him one
if he doesn't behave." He pointed his thumb back at Derek.
    I shook my head. "God, I'd never get rid of him." More laughs.
    Derek picked up a pencil and hurled it playfully across the room at me. I
put my hand on the back of Derrel's neck and said, "Duck!" We dropped to the
floor as the pencil whizzed overhead and hit the door, its graphite tip
shattering on the painted metal surface before it fell piecemeal to the
floor. I picked it up and stood up, calling to Derek, "I think Mattel makes
unbreakable toys you could benefit from." More laughs followed me and Derrel
to the records room.
    Unbreakable toys weren't really on my mind as I started filing the
shipping copies, explaining to Derrel what I was doing. Remembering the feel
of his firm shoulder muscles under my hand had raised thoughts of what the
rest of his body must be like. If his shoulders were any indication as to
what the rest of his body was like, then I had just touched the tip of the
iceberg, so to speak.
    "So, will I be expected to take care of the records as well?" he asked.
    "Not so much. Occasionally, but most of the time I'll be able to take
care of this. You'll be more in charge of making sure all the stock is in
good shape, reporting any damaged stock either to Derek or to Rich, running
the occasional errand -- pretty generic stuff, really. You shouldn't have too
much problem."
    "David!" came Derek's voice. "Delivery!"
    "Another one?" I mused aloud. "Hmm... that's strange. It was probably
being processed while I was out."
    I went and checked with Derek. It was rare that this happened, having one
delivery almost immediately after the other. I didn't mind, though. It just
meant that my own paperwork would be delayed until a bit later.
    I waited while Derek arranged the delivery. I turned to Derrel and said,
"Go back and check with Mitch. He's the short red-haired guy. He'll let you
know what to do with this delivery."
    I waited until Derek gave me the papers, then headed into the back to get
ready to go.
    I walked into the stock room to find the bay door open to the warm summer
air. The delivery truck was still backed into the bay, its cargo bay open and
waiting to be loaded. My attention, however, was focused on something else.
Mitch and Derrel were lifting a couch into the back of the truck. I couldn't
take my eyes off of Derrel. Under the fabric of his jeans, which were slim
but not really tight, his leg muscles bulged and flexed powerfully. I could
see a similar sight under his shirt, where his muscles, when they flexed,
stretched the fabric in many places to the contours of his body. It was a
beautiful sight to behold.
    When they were finished, I said to Derrel, "If you need something else to
do, just ask Mitch or Derek or Andrew or Rich. Rich should be coming back
here sometime soon to see how you're getting used to things, anyways. All
right?"
    "Okay." He seemed a bit on edge. I could relate; the first day on a job
was usually confusing until the routine sunk in.
    I put on my sunglasses to see through the glare outside, fired up the
truck, and left on my delivery, with thoughts of Derrel's robust body on my
mind.
    The delivery went without incident. I managed to ignore a raging hard-on
spawned by my thoughts of what Derrel must look like without any clothes on.
By the time I was back at work, I had managed to obviate my "tension" back to
non-existence.
    I strode into Joan's office and said, "Yes, it got delivered fine."
    She just smiled and asked, "What made you think I was going to ask you
anything regarding your delivery?"
    "Just a feeling I had," I said, smiling and feigning suspicion.
    The rest of the day passed fairly uneventfully. I spent what remaining
time there was in the records room sorting copies and keeping track of them
in a computer database. I had to stay perhaps five minutes past five in order
to finish up, and something caught the corner of my eye. I looked up and
noticed Derrel standing there.
    "Hi," he said. "Hope I'm not disturbing you."
    "I'm just finishing up anyways. -- So how did today go?"
    "Not too bad. It'll take me a bit to get into the routine, though."
    I smiled. "Derek being a shit again?"
    He laughed a little. "I wouldn't say that."
    I shook my head. "You don't know him yet."
    "Can I ask you a favor?"
    "Sure."
    "I had to get a ride here today. Can I catch a ride home with you? I
don't live far from here."
    I looked around me. "If you can stand to wait about five more minutes,
then I have no problem."
    "Thanks. My car had to go in for some work today." He chuckled. "You know
how people get if they can't see your brake lights working."
    "Good thing you had them worked on today. The police are out in full
force today for some reason. Must be a full moon or something tonight."
    "Must be."
    "Do you need a ride to work tomorrow?"
    He thought a moment. "No, I should be okay tomorrow, thanks."
    It didn't even take five minutes before I was finished. I saved the
records, logged out of the system, and we left.
    He directed me as we drove over to his house. On the way I found out that
he was twenty-five (my guess had been right on), not presently attached to
anyone in any way (although he had dated occasionally throughout and after
high school), and that we shared some interests in music, reading, hobbies,
and the need for quiet time alone every now and then. He tended to be quiet
and introverted as I was at times. I wondered for a moment if it weren't for
the same reason. Thankful for sunglasses, I was able to hide my eye movements
as I rested my gaze upon his legs and his crotch several times.
    I dropped him off at his house and headed home. Once home, I heated up
some leftovers for dinner, watched some TV, then read a bit before crashing
for the day.
    The next day at work, Derek called me over to his desk. I had another few
things to deliver, and he was just obtaining the address for me.
    "Here it is," he said, pulling up the screen on his terminal.
    I looked at it and tried to picture a map of the city in my mind. Finally
it clicked. I said, "Rural address. That's a ways outside the city, isn't
it?"
    He nodded. "Yeah, about twenty kilometers southeast. Need a map?"
    "No, it's not too far from where I live. I know the area."
    "All right." His grin turned impish. "Then move your butt, already."
    I swatted him on the back of the head. "Someone forgot to tell you that a
long time ago, I think."
    I looked at my watch. It read 11:47. "I haven't had lunch yet," I
commented. "I'm going to stop and have something on the way back, all right?"
    "Fair enough," Derek replied. "I'm going to be taking off for a bit in a
minute or two here, too."
    Derrel asked me, "If you're going for lunch, can I go with you? I didn't
bring anything."
    "That all right, Derek?" I asked. "Your call."
    "You've got an hour, right?" Derek asked Derrel.
    Derrel nodded.
    "All right, you know when you've got to be back here, then."
    A few minutes later, we were on our way. The day was warm and clear, and
I had to don my sunglasses again to keep the glare down.
    Derrel said, "On the way back, can we stop and pick up my car?"
    "Sure. Just let me know where it is after we're finished this delivery."
    We were quickly outside of city limits and on the rural highways. I was
able to sneak a few more peeks at Derrel's body on the way while we talked.
It was one of those bodies that you just couldn't look at enough. He was
nicely built, well proportioned, and was quite good-looking on top of it all.
My crotch started to stir again.
    A few kilometers later, we came over a hill and saw a construction zone
ahead. The traffic line-up wasn't overly long, but it was the principle of
having to wait. I let out my breath slowly to indicate mild annoyance.
    Within about ten minutes we were under way again, but by that time I was
noticeably more annoyed at having been delayed.
    "Tense?" Derrel asked me.
    "No, I'm fine," I denied, letting out my breath again. I was quickly
getting it out of my mind.
    "I don't mean tense, I mean... tense." With that, his hand came to rest
on my crotch. Simultaneously, he took one of my hands from the steering wheel
and placed it on his crotch, where my suspicions of ample padding were amply
confirmed.
    I was taken completely aback. I had forgotten about my hard-on down
there. I looked over at him for an explanation.
    He pulled my sunglasses off, making me squint against the sudden glare.
He said, "You overestimate how much these hide your eye movements." His face
split in a wide, sexy grin as he started to squeeze and massage my crotch,
turning up the heat.
    I turned my attention back to the road. I was in familiar territory; this
wasn't too far from where I lived. I knew many of the back roads quite well.
I decided to take one that wasn't used too much, but would still be easy for
a large truck to get out of without getting stuck in a rut or in the grass.
Once we were off the highway a fair distance, I parked the truck and shut off
the engine. I knew there would be no traffic along here; it was a dead-end
road that just led to a field by a marshy lake anyways. I waited to see what
Derrel would do.
    I didn't have to wait long. He slid over right next to me, put his other
hand on the back of my neck, and pressed his lips into mine. I closed my eyes
under the force of the feeling that swept over me. Since I couldn't use my
eyes to explore his body, I had to rely on my other senses, such as touch. I
slid one hand down his strong torso and managed to pop his jeans open far
enough to slide my hand in. Under his briefs lay a well-padded treasure,
slowly beginning to awaken and just waiting to be teased.
    His fingers found their way through my button-fly as well and began
slipping the buttons open, one by one. His hand slipped inside and started
massaging my cock and balls through my underwear. It only sent another rush
of hormones flooding through my body.
    I pulled back from our kiss and began unbuttoning his shirt. I clumsily
managed to get one button undone with my free hand before giving up and using
my mouth to undo them. I may not have been much more dexterous with my tongue
and lips, but I certainly enjoyed it more. Derrel's soft moans indicated he
did as well. After undoing each button, I began softly kissing and licking my
way down to the next one. He kept moving back so I could have more room to
stretch out on the seat and reach lower and lower each time.
    When I finally got the last button undone, I went back to the area around
the sparse patch of dark hairs between his firm, well-rounded pecs. I planted
light kisses here and there and over his pecs, not ignoring his nipples, now
firm and pointed. I teased each one with my tongue, listening to his deep,
steady breathing become quick gasps with each caress.
    I slowly followed where the hairs led down to a thin, downy trail that
disappeared under his briefs. I tugged at them with my teeth, noting the hard
outline pointing up at an angle underneath. I began pulling more insistently,
wanting to reach what lay hidden under the fabric.
    "Hang on a sec," he said. I sat up while he first took off one shoe so he
could slip one leg out of his pants. He pulled his shirt off and lay it on
the windowsill as a pillow. He rested his head back against it, his free leg
up on the seat. I leaned over him again, gave him a deep, full-mouthed kiss,
then planted kisses again down his chest towards his pulsing crotch. I used
my lips to tug lightly at the trail of hair that disappeared into his
underwear, listening to his breathing go from steady to erratic and back to
steady again.
    I pulled slowly yet insistently at his underwear, ever so slowly sliding
them down his hips. His cock kept throbbing and pushing at his briefs, as
though it had a mind of its own and wanted out. I was more than happy to
oblige. I seized it in my lips through the fabric and massaged it for a few
moments before pulling his briefs down far enough to expose his treasure.
    He brought his free leg up so I could slip it completely out of his
underwear. Waiting for my attention when he brought his leg back down was
about 7-8 inches of rock-solid manhood, so hard it barely even moved with
each pulse of his heart. The scent of his musk assaulted my senses, sending
my hormones sky-high. I began tracing the contours of his shaft with my
tongue, leaving a thin, shiny trail of saliva along it. With every touch of
my tongue he let out a long, low moan, somewhere between a sigh and a growl.
    I put my lips against one of his balls and created a light suction in my
mouth strong enough to lift it up into my mouth. I traced my tongue over it,
listening to his moans become louder. I released him from my mouth and did
the same to the other one, alternating the two back and forth. I placed the
tip of my tongue on the fold of skin between his ass and his balls, right
close to his asshole, and traced a thin, wavering line up and across the fold
and up over his balls. I continued up the length of his pulsating cock until
I reached the swollen, sensitive head. Even the light touch of my breath was
enough to make his breathing sound labored from the depths of his
hormone-filled body.
    I began massaging along the length of his cock with my lips, starting at
the head. I wanted to tease him for as long as possible. He tasted musky,
almost sweet. I took one final run up the length of his shaft with my tongue
before enfolding the head of his cock with my lips and drawing about half of
his swollen cock into my mouth. His moan was almost a helpless whimper.
    I drew back so I only had the head in my mouth, then began curling my
tongue around it again. I ran the tip of my tongue around the crown, over his
cock-hole, over the frenum, then back around again. I could virtually sense
what his prick looked like even more clearly than if I'd used my eyes. I
wanted to see it in more detail; I wanted to spend hours holding him at the
edge of release, studying his every physical detail with the sense of touch.
I knew he wouldn't be able to hold out that long; even since I'd started
working him over his arousal level had jumped about a hundredfold. He had a
few minutes left, at most.
    I wanted to make the most of those few minutes, so I kept the pace slow,
gentle, tender. I released him from my hold, licked my lips, then gently slid
his rod into my throat as far as I could. I had him virtually all the way
down, with his pubes brushing against the tip of my nose. I kept most of him
in my mouth while I began to suck him off. I used my fingernails to rake
firmly yet gently along his powerful, goosebump-covered thighs as his body
alternately tensed and relaxed in the depths of ecstasy. He was pushing his
hips upwards slightly each time I went down on him, and his breathing was no
longer following a regular pace. I snuck a peek at him, noting he had lolled
his head back over the seat and had closed his eyes, his tongue slowly
tracing around his lips.
    I decided to help him release his tension, so I first slowly increased
the pressure I was exerting with my lips, turning up the friction. Then I
took my middle finger and began tracing around the rim of his ass, gently
tickling the sensitive skin there. I slowly began working my finger into his
asshole, hearing his moans intensify. Before long I had my finger entirely
inside him, pressing on his swollen prostate. It drove him wild. He was
approaching the point of no return, and very quickly, too. His breathing had
gone beyond erratic and now sounded like it was a life-draining effort to
keep his lungs filled with fresh air. He started making whimpering noises,
his body now continually shuddering with pure sexual tension on the verge of
bursting loose.
    He let out a low, forceful moan. I barely heard him breathe, "Oh, fuck,"
before he tensed up completely and cried out. His cock swelled suddenly in my
mouth and contracted again. One small spurt was followed by a thick stream of
hot, sweet liquid that seemed to fill my mouth with the first gush. I quickly
swallowed his spunk which, judging from the volume, had obviously been
building up in his balls for quite some time, and then caught the rest of it
as it literally flowed from his body.
    I kept my lips around him until his prick stopped its spasms. I raised
myself up to him, wrapped my arms around his robust torso, and pressed my
mouth into his, where I shared with him the gift he'd given me. Our tongues
seemed insistent on painting the insides of our mouths with his cum, our
bodies melding into one with the heat we'd generated between us.
    He was far from finished, though. His body easily overpowered mine (not
that I was trying to resist him, mind you) and he gently pushed me down on
the bench-seat so we were lying down, him on top of me. His sexy eyes and
smile fixed on me, he murmured seductively, "Your turn." He slid his hands
under my shirt and slipped it up and off of my body, pulling it easily over
my arms. He turned his attention to my neck, one of my sensitive spots. His
lips and tongue traced intricate lines while he slipped one hand down my bare
chest to the top of my pants, which he'd already undone. His hand slid under
my briefs, seized my still-hard shaft, and started stroking it. He moved down
to it and let his hot breath flow over it, caressing it more gently than the
most delicate flesh-to-flesh contact could ever hope to. He substituted a
stroking hand with a stroking tongue, making long, slow licks over my balls
and cock. He pulled at my pants and briefs, a signal at which I lifted my
hips up far enough for him to pull my pants and underwear down around my
knees. He gave my cock a few tentative strokes with his hand before replacing
it with his mouth. I could tell from his actions that he wasn't among the
more experienced cocksuckers, but his mouth felt so hot and velvety soft it
was like having the world's best cocksucker working on my prick. At this rate
I wouldn't last very long at all.
    He was mimicking some of my actions, swirling his tongue around my
cockhead. I thought nothing of it; that was how I had learned to suck cock
properly. I hadn't expected him to open his mouth and let a mouthful of
saliva drench my cock, though.
    He moved up to me and kissed me again.
    I chuckled and asked him, "Tired?"
    He shook his head slightly. "Fuck me," he whispered seductively.
    I suddenly understood why he'd drenched my cock with saliva. "You sure?"
I asked him.
    He nodded, his eyes closed in desire. "If just your finger felt like it
did, then I want to see what *you* will feel like."
    I smiled at him and nodded slightly. He allowed me to get to a sitting
position on the seat before turning around and getting on all fours, facing
away from me.
    I cupped my hand under my balls to catch some of his saliva. I rubbed it
over my prick, then spat into my hand and applied it to his ass, working his
ass muscles open slightly with two fingertips. I pressed my cockhead into his
waiting ass and held it there.
    "Let me know if it becomes uncomfortable," I said.
    His head turned partly back towards me, he nodded.
    I pressed slightly harder, feeling his hole resist slightly. He moaned,
so I waited a moment before continuing. I pushed a bit more and felt him
start to open up. By pushing and waiting, pushing and waiting, I slowly
worked my cock into him so that just my cockhead was inside his ass.
    Just then he reached back, grabbed my hips, and pushed back into me
quickly and forcefully. He let out a loud, guttural cry, not a cry of pain
but a cry of pleasure. Even so, it took me a moment to be sure.
    "You all right?" I asked him.
    He nodded. "Better than I ever imagined..." he trailed off.
    With my prick buried inside his hot asshole, I ran my hands up his sides
and around his chest and over his shoulders. I pulled his torso up to a
backward-reclining position. His asshole tightened up around my cock once he
was in the upright position, and there was still room for me to fuck him
slowly in this position. I ran my hands over his chest and nipples, finding
all his erogenous zones one at a time. His cock was coming back to life, too,
which didn't entirely surprise me.
    I began fucking him slowly, gently, allowing him time to relax since what
he'd said had all but given me a written confession that he'd never been
fucked before. I grabbed his cock and began stroking it, slowly starting to
jerk him off. He slid his hands back around to my butt cheeks, where he
started massaging them gently.
    I was so horny by this point that I started jerking him off faster and
harder, pushing gently into him, until he started to moan again. He cried out
and arched his back, his head lolling back over my shoulder. In a wave of
hormones, I pushed my prick hard into him. I could feel his dick swell
slightly in my hand and his cum began pumping out again. It spurted up his
stomach and painted his abs in white spatters from the thin patch of black
chest hairs down into his pubic hairs, where a slow stream of cum was flowing
out his prick-slit, over my hand, and pooling into his pubic hair. His hands
came around to his front and seized mine, and our hands began rubbing his cum
all over his stomach and chest.
    We began to clean up, using only our briefs so cum stains wouldn't be
visible later. We only wiped off our hands, just so we wouldn't get it all
over the place. Then he whispered in my ear, "Now fuck me hard. Not rough,
but hard."
    I understood what he meant. I waited for him to lean forward and brace
himself on the seat again. I put my hands on his slim waist and began sliding
my cock in and out of his ass. There was nothing rough about the way it went.
I pushed forcefully but steadily into him and slid back out, then paused
slightly before continuing. His moans signalled approval. I was using my
whole body from the knees up for momentum, propelling myself deep inside his
body without bouncing roughly off of his ass cheeks. I slowly started to
increase the pace, starting to keep most of my body immobile while using only
my hips to drive my shaft into him. His hot, hungry ass was just like his
mouth: warm, velvety soft, and getting me even hotter. I was getting close
really quickly.
    Just then I could feel my balls tensing up and getting ready to explode.
I said, "I'm gonna blow..." and gasped the last word out. Just as my cock
contracted in climax and I could feel my cum boiling out of my balls, it felt
like tons of the stuff came rushing out my cockhole, expanding it beyond its
normal capacity. Out of reflex I pushed into him so deeply I thought I would
ram my balls inside his ass, too. I kept myself there for what seemed like
twenty minutes, my shaft still shuddering inside him, cum still oozing out of
my cock-slit, my eyes closed tightly in almost unbearable pleasure.
    I slowly pulled out of him, my prick incredibly sensitive. As my prick
popped out of his ass he turned over and wrapped his arms around me, kissing
me deeply and pulling me down to the seat on top of him.
    He said, "I don't need lunch now. I've had my protein infusion."
    I laughed. "Yeah, but you also lost a lot in the process. And I mean a
*lot*."
    "I know." He giggled, then kissed me again. We got the furniture
delivered all right, we weren't late coming back from lunch, and most
importantly nobody noticed any cumshots anywhere, but we saved many of our
other adventures together for places more comfortable than the cab of a
delivery truck.
