                        A Minor Rapsody in Red

My little two room apartment was more spacious than most, perhaps owing
to my Tech-designer job with a major conglomerate.  I loved to come home
to my hottub/shower and relax with a Long island Iced-tea in hand at the
end of a long day.  This started out as no exception.  I soaked in the
tub awhile allowing the jets to tickle my breasts and clit.  I loved it
when I came hard in the tub, it was sooo satisfying!  (For being alone
that is)  I padded into the living quarters and flicked on cable.  I was
hot from the tub so i got another drink and tuned into the interactive
sex channel.  Laying back in my recliner with the cyclomessage on, dildo
in hand, legs draped over the arms; I lazily slid the vibrator over my
hard nipples and across my aching clit,reveling in the multitude of
sensations my actions produced.  By the time I'd had my umpteenth orgasm I 
was liberally intoxicated. (Five Long Island Iced-teas will do that to
you)  My eyes were closed as i entered my own little world of feelings
and I was working on a really spectacular climax when the entryway
privacy chimes sounded.  At first I thought the chimes were in my mind
but their insistant tones ruined my concentration so I hauled my heaving
bulk out of the chair and landed unceremoniously on my face!  ( I told
you I was drunk!)  My mind raced,"It could be a man...." I thought as I
stumbled to my sleeping quarters for a robe.  "Could be my mother", made
a sour face and quickly dismissed that thought.  "Could be one of the
girls" but the thought of a chatty evening turned me off completely.  "I
hope its a ravishing hunk with a prick the size of Texas!" and as I
thought that, I felt a corrosponding twitch from below echoing my
lascivious sentaments.  (Well a gal can dream cant she?!)  Enrobed in a
gauzy sheer chiffon robe I went to the entryway and checked the viewer.
(I am ambitious are'nt I?)  IT was male!  IT was tall!  (But was it
long?!)  IT had on a bussiness suit!??  (So much for dreams. IT had to
be a client! How depressing ...yet still...)  "Well why not?" I reasoned
"Bussiness before pleasure"  That prospect set me to drooling in more
ways than one!  "Enter" I said and the door slid quietly open to reveal
my hot glistening body encased in chiffon gauze.  His mouth dropped open
and his eyes ate my curvacious form in large oggled bites.  The door
buzzed it7s closure warning so I stepped graciously aside and he sort of
gawkilly ambled in.  "You are Ms Fox?" his voice deeply husky reflected 
his state of mind. "I am and you are?" I had to concentrate real hard to
put my professional face forward because his obvious arrousal really set
me off!  "Uh I was told you would be taking my account and since I have
a total overhaul to do aand am up against my deadline I thought we
could..."  "First off", I interrupted,"company policy prohibits me from
doing any but the most preliminary work on company projects at home and
all that work must be uploaded back to the RAM module at the office but
seeing as you are here I can make a few notes..."  ( Hope springs
eternal) We went into the living quarters and he spread his sheets
across the coffee table.  I entertained the fleeting thought of making
mad passionate love on top of those sheets but quickly dismissed it as
bad for bussiness. I let him get a drink while I went over the
blueprints.  He was right they were a mess!  I scribbled notes down and
went to my computer room where I faxxed the prints to the office and
uploaded my raw data to the RAM module then making a backup disk to
carry with me, I was finished.  When I returned I told him that I had
done as much as I was allowed and handed him back his paperwork.  He
closed his briefcase and leaned back.  I nursed my sixth drink and
languidly lounged against the sofa cushions.  "So much for bussiness", I
said in my best seductive voice.  He was silent as he openly enjoyed my
arrousing presence.  He rose and went to get yet another drink and went
to the stereo to put on my most sensual CD.  After we were seated again
it became obvious that he had had a few drinks somewhere before coming
to see me.  Bussiness was definitely over and pleasure was only
starting.
      "You always go about like this?" ,he asked in deep sultry voice.
His gaze was flat and hungry and his crotch was bulging.  "No I usually
go about naked and get off with interactive cable", I replied saucily. (
I was really plastered by now and getting erotic!)  He laughed heartily
at my reply.  "Hmmmm well I seem to be at a disadvantage here" he
started, "all suited up and you so nicely revealed",he purred. He took
off his jacket and tie," you look so comfortable" he crooned and
unbuttoned his shirt some to partially reveal a fairly athletic albeit
hairless chest. My nipples were rock hard and I wanted to see more of
him.  He watched my reaction to his little strip tease and a small smile
of satisfaction played at his lips.  Dark tousled hair and olive skin
stretched over a seemingly tall and muscular body, a body I was getting
very interrested in.  "Why dont you help me even the score here?" he
invited in a rich lusty voice.  "I thought you'd never ask" was my
excited reply.  I made no attempt to cover my feelings as the liquor and
my horomones began to boil in my hot blood.
        With trembling hands I unbuttoned his shirt and spread it open.
(Oh the glory of his chest!)  I unbuckled his belt and slid a sly finger
along his prominence. (Oh the ecstacy!)  I was about to unveil his
crowning jewel when hand framed my face tilting my head upward.  Lips
met my mouth and a hard wet intruder forced ita way between the gates of
my teeth.  This was a benevolent intruder who lounged long around in my
oral domain long enough to make me gasp and go weak.  As he continued to
incite senses to chaos a slow but insistant heat began to spread through
me.  (I was in lust!)  The music excited me further. The kissing drove
me nearly mad and then...!  Hands brushed against my nipples once,
twice, then dicovering no resistance began a slow deliberate caress.  I
offered myself to his demands now, my tongue visiting his mouth and
exploring his teeth.  Suddenly he began to move his tongue in and out of
my mouth in short rapid strokes. I made an "O" with my lips and sucked
at it.  My ample bust heaved closer to his hard body, my hands running
along his chest and thighs.  In and amidst the music I now heard the
sound of moaning and realised that i was hearing me.  (Oh but do I want
that man!)  I rocked my body back and forth as waves of pre-orgasmic
pleasure swept over me.  Now the intruder dared venture down my throat,
down deep betwwen my heaving breasts.  My mind was reeling as I felt
chiffonslide back over my nipples to be replaced with hot breath.  "So
firm soo lushious " he murmerred.  Then the intruder pierced my senses
and rapidly flicked over first one nipple then the other.  I cried out
in yearning, cupping my burning bossom up and together as a sacrifice to
his kisses.  He accepted my offering with a greatful mouth and began to
suckle both nipples at once.  I felt as though I were falling, falling
into a bottomless abyss of erongenous sensations.  I tried to express my
feelings, to encourage him, but my words sounded disjointed meaningless
and all to often punctuated with sighs gasps and moans.  His mouth was
definetely occupied but not his hands.  As if what he was doing to my
nipples were'nt enough an insistant hand magically materialized on my
inner thigh.  It began to caress in lazy circles the quivering flesh of
my thigh.  Each swirl went a little further inward than the previous
one.  (Was this guy a pro or what??!!)  I was drunk now, not only with
booze but with desire also.  I was flaming hot like an all consuming
fir.  All that came out of me now was one word spoken in a throat caught
gasp; "more".  My breath came in ragged shuddering gasps as I began to
slowly drown in my bodies sensations.  I undulated beneath him in time
to the music.  The lyric encouraged me to go deeper into this blissful
realm of erotica.  By now the hand had reached my open waiting and
throbbing crotch. Just as I thought the fingers of that maddening hand
would seek satisfaction within the forrest of my pleasures; it
dissapeared; to reappear on the other thigh and begin anews its
enflaming descent.  (Oh.......if this is torture then chain me to the
wall!!!)  Just when I thought I had felt it all the mouth moved!
Downward with the hand across my belly to my thighs did the outragious
little intruder brazenly go. Sliding down one thigh and then the other.
I arched my back in joyous offering of the very seat of my pleasures to
him. (OHH heaven!)  Again he accepted this new aching drenched pulsating
gift with a greedily ravenous mouth.  Now the intruder became a thief,
stealing away my strength and sanity.  The music seem to fade and time
lost all meaning as he worked my clit faster and harder; his fingers
jabbing my helpless body in the only other place they could find access.
 I had intended to achieve this mother of all climaxes with a simple
dildo, but this was beyond description!  I undulated my hips, thrusting
to the beat of the music, incoherently raving, my head lashing from side
to side like a cats7 tail.   But inside, I was an internal war zone, as
one orgasm after another tore through me; each stronger than the last.
( What? Did this guy have a sex change? How else could he do this to
me??!!!!)  The sensations were building into something as yet unknown.
I ws weightless suspended in time and space, being consumed by the most
exquisite sensation flames burning and tickling me.  Lost in my darkened
world I pressed against the perveyor of my joy until....I came.  The
universe gave its ghost in a white hot implosion. I flew apart, burned
to ash, became a goddess at one with the cosmos and endured the blinding
sheeta of emotion that flowed over me again and again...I came undone.
(This man would've made a great marque de sad!)  The climax seem to last
an eternity , making me feel like a rock in crashing surf.  I shuddered,
convulsed, shook, and made animal sounds from the back of my throat. But
then it all began to fade away.  I cried out in desperation thrusting my
hungry body upward, begging for the feeling again and I got it.
    The little thiefs' big brother stepped in.  The sound of an aroused
male voice reached my ears and the sensation of an incredibly large long
cylinder entered me from below while the smaller quicker thief  returned
to the scene of his first intrusion.  Rapid fire thrusts into my mouth
started me all over again and I hungrily sucked at my little harbinger
of cheer.  The elder brother plunged into my depths harder and faster
then I has ever thought possible!  My swirling emotions began their
reckless ascent to the pinnacle of ecstacy once more, but being so near
the top they had not far to go.  We thrust together hip to hip and all
the while his tongue rapidly plunging in and out of my grasping mouth.
The music pounded my mind, he pounded my my body and with a final slam
of hips and thrusting of tongue my senses plunged over the edge.  If I
thought I had climaxed before this was the explosion of joy, the great
grandmother of all ecstacy and I was caught in it.  The great maelstrom
of sensations like fire and ice washed over me, picking me up and
whirling me around and about as if in some mad dance macabre.
    I never knew when he left.  I never felt when he came.  But the
next day he had this look on his face which I couldnt quite
explain......

