    SEXUALLY EXPLICATE MATERIAL: NON-CONSENSUAL/RAPE/BONDAGE/INCEST

          ********************************************
            Copyright 1992   All rights reserved
          ********************************************

                        RAPING THE TWINS
In this story, a large, muscular black rapist sets his sights on a pair
of luscious young white twins. 

               *******************************

                         Part One

     He notice the girl right away. She was young and lovely, with
the cute innocence and nubile beauty that often attracted his eyes.
He'd had better in the long string of girls he'd taken, but
certainly she was worth a thought.
     She had curly brown hair, shoulder length, and was wearing a
tight mini-dress that hugged her figure well, showing off her
curves. The dress was black, with wavy orange stripes, and below
that she wore black stockings and high heels.
     Very cute, he thought. Nice tits, nice tight ass. Young too,
not as young as the blonde he'd had last month, or even the Jap
girl he'd had last week, but reasonably young, late teens maybe.
Probably not a virgin then, at least in the pussy.
     Then he saw another girl come out beside the first. His eyes
opened wider as he stared at her. She was an exact picture of the
first, though she wore tight jeans and one of those cockteasing
tops, where the material sort of fell straight down from her tits
and the bottom ended several inches above her belt. A standaway top
was what it was called, he thought. Little whore, he hissed to
himself.
     She had a nice tanned belly. He wondered if her sister did
too. Twins. He'd never had twins before. He trembled a little at
the thought of what he could do with twins. Had they ever fucked a
guy together? Had they ever fucked each other?
     His mind played out a fantasy of the two girls naked and
rolling together on a bed, licking each other's pussys, maybe
taking a shower together, rubbing their tits over each other.
     Dirty whores, he growled.
     The two girls wandered down the mall and he followed, plotting
and planning. He'd do a lot of video of the two together, and
pictures, lots of pictures. He'd have those two dirty little sluts
sucking and fucking each other, moaning an groaning so
realistically they'd never dare tell anyone.
     He'd pound those bitches till it came out their ears. He'd
fuck one while the other watched, then do the second while the
first watched, maybe up the ass. He'd make them suck each other
off.
     The two girls left the mall and he followed them out to a red
convertible. He glowered at them as the convertible backed up,
noting their licence number automatically. He let his lips curl in
a sneer, thinking that red should be only for blonde sluts.
Brunette sluts should be in green cars.
     Well, he'd teach them better. He'd teach them a lot about
everything.

     Their names were Laurie and Corie. Cute. They were both
Froshes in university. Luckily, they lived together off campus.
He'd had problems in dorm rooms before and wanted to stay away from
the campus.
     They shared a two bedroom apartment. That wasn't great. A
house, preferably an isolated house, would be great. Still, it was
better than a dorm room. He studied them for a while. Their
schedule wasn't as easy as a working girl's. They didn't leave at
the same time every day and didn't come home at the same time.
     He finally took a chance and broke into their apartment. Taped
on the back of each of their bedroom doors was their schedules at
school. He copied them carefully. While he was there, of course, he
searched through their belongings.
     Laurie's clothes tended to be conservative, so too did her
underwear. Her room was neat as a pin, everything hung up and put
away in perfectly made up drawers. Her bed was neatly made, her
brushes, combs and other toiletries lined up neatly before the
makeup mirror.
     Corie's room was a disaster area. Her wardrobe was all over
the floor. He could hardly see any of the rug at all for the
clothes and other junk lying around. Her clothes were a lot sexier
than her sister's. She had a lot of mini-skirts and mini-dresses,
and her lingerie was multi-colored silk, satin, and lace. There
were G-strings, and see through teddies and a vibrator hidden in
the bottom of her sock drawer.
     He held it up, a gleam in his eyes. He was going to watch the
whore use this, on herself and on her sister. He put everything
away then let himself out, locking the door carefully behind him.

     He was ready for the twins a couple of days later. 
There was no real security at the building as he walked in.
He went upstairs to the twins apartment and, as before, picked the
lock easily, letting himself in, in seconds.
     Laurie would be off school at two, when her last class of the
day ended. Corie would be at school until nearly six. That gave him
lots of time to break the first girl before turning to the second.
He figured Laurie might even be a virgin, and would certainly be
the easiest to break.
     He set up to video cameras in Laurie's bedroom, both facing
the bed. He had straps already fixed to the four corners, waiting
for her. His thirty five millimetre cameras were lined neatly on a
dresser, along with several different restraints and gags, a long,
flexible, double headed dildo, and some other things he'd gotten
specially for them.
     He watched from the window, knowing the direction the girl
would take. She was half an hour late, and he was just beginning to
worry, when she trotted up the path from the road. He watched her
through binoculars until she disappeared in the front door.
     He chuckled softly and got up, then moved into the slut's
bedroom. He wanted to catch the goodie-goodie from behind and knew
she would change right after getting home.
     He heard the front door slam and drew back a bit, watching
through the crack as Laurie threw down a heavy bag of books and
moved into the living room. She sat down and went through the mail
as he watched cuntimpatiently.
     He was naked except for a thin pair of string bikini
underpants. His coal-black skin rippled with muscles, and his bald head
gleamed lightly as he drew his lips back in a snarl of pleasure.
His cock was already trying to unfold in anticipation of the deep pink
tunnel it would soon be sliding into.
     The girl stood and, with her shoes in her hands, walked past
where he was hidden and opened the door to her own room. He came
around the corner and walked over to her door as she stood there in
bewilderment, staring at the cameras pointed at her bed.
     He was able to come into the room and close the door behind
him, then lean his bulk against it before she even knew he was
there.
     "The cameras are for you, slut," he said.
She screamed and whirled around, her eyes wide as she stared at
him. She backed hurriedly away, tripping across a low stool, but
quickly picking herself up and backing as far as she could, until
the wall kept her from moving further.
     She held the shoes up as though they were weapons, her mouth
gaping, her eyes bulging. She stared in horror as he padded slowly
forward, her head tilting back as he got closer and loomed over her.
     "Now let's get something straight, Laurie," he said, smiling
reassuringly even as he joined his hands together and flexed his
powerful muscles.
     "I'm going to fuck you and you're not going to do anything to
stop me. You're an intelligent girl." He walked forward until his
thick chest was almost touching her, and his big fists were against
the wall on either side of her shoulders, his arms blocking her on
either side.
     "Being intelligent, you'll recognize the hopelessness of
trying to resist me, and realize how much pain you could experience
if I choose."
     He took the shoes from her trembling hands and tossed them
behind him. The girl stared like a fawn caught in a car's
headlights, trembling in shock and stunned fear.
     He moved back a foot, folding his arms across his chest as he
looked down at her.
     "Take off your clothes, Laurie," he said.
     "P... please, I... "
     "Take off your clothes!" he hissed in a furious, raging voice
he had long ago perfected.
     She gasped in terror, drawing back flat against the wall as he
snarled down at her.
     "I better not have to tell you again, slut!" he growled.
"Strip!"
     "All right! All right! Don't hurt me!" she whimpered.
     "I ain't gonna hurt you, white girl. I'm just gonna fuck
you...  hard."
     Her hands shaking, her eyes not leaving him for a second, she
unzipped her dress and slowly brought it forward over her
shoulders, letting it slide down her slender body and drop in a
pool at her feet. She stepped out of it and reached for her bra,
her hands going behind her and unlatching it, then bringing it
forward.
     Like many others, she tried to cover her chest until the last
possible minute, her arms folded over her breasts, but then, her
skin red in embarrassment, she let the bra and her arms drop and
slipped her thumbs into her panties, shoving them down and stepping
out of them.
     Naked, she stood there, slightly stopped, her arms half
covering her nakedness.
     "Put your back flat against the wall and stand straight," he
ordered.
     Her chest heaving, she complied, staring in terror at the
giant black man as he regarded her naked flesh.
     "Not bad," he said. "Tits are a bit small, but they're nice
and high and round. Now, I want you to put your arms above your
head, way up there. Higher, as high as they can go. Good girl. Now
spread them apart, wider. Good."
     He moved over to the dresser and lifted one of the cameras,
then snapped several pictures.
     "Spread your legs now, and keep your back straight."
     He snapped more pictures of her. Laurie trembled with fear and
embarrassment, but stood still, her back pressed hard against the
wall, her arms and legs spread apart.
     "Now turn around, baby, turn and face the wall, same
position."
     Her chest heaving, she did as he ordered, pressing her breasts
flat against the surface of the wall.
     "Now, I want you to bend over. Bend over and spread your legs
for me, and keep your hands pressed against the wall. You've seen
the position on the TV shows."
     He took several more shots.
     "Wag that round little ass at me, baby. Wiggle it and wave it.
I want to see it dance."
     She didn't move, her eyes wide as she stared at the wall.
     "You heard, me cunt. I said to wag your tail!"
     She slowly moved her ass from side to side, panting and
moaning weakly. He picked up one of the video cameras and started
shooting.
     "Faster. Put more life into it, slut! And hump back for me."
     "Wha... what?"
     "Hump that butt! Pump it like you got a hard one up your
asshole!"
     She gasped in shock, her fear mounting again.
     "Move!" he snarled.
     She squeaked in fear and humped back at him. Her ass shook
from side to side and bounced up and down. She clenched her teeth
and closed her eyes as she shook and wagged her ass cheeks at the
fearsome black man.
     "Not great, but it's only rehearsal. You'll do better after I
stick you a few times."
     He put down the camera and went over to her. His hand slapped
down on her round ass cheeks and she gasped in shock and renewed
terror. He cupped her ass, then kneaded the soft meat with his
heavy fingers. He slid his hand down between her legs and cupped
her pussy, giving it a few squeezes.
     "Please don't hurt me," she whimpered.
     "Just do what you're told, bitch, and nobody will get hurt."
He pulled her from the wall and flung her towards her bed. She
tumbled onto it, then turned to gaze back at him in fear.
     "On your back, spread your legs apart, bitch, and your arms.
Yeah. I think I like that idea."
     He pulled several leather strips from his bag and went over to
the bed, then the quickly bound her wrists and ankles to the four
corners of the bed. Satisfied, he went back to the dresser and got
the still camera, then took several more pictures.
     He put it down and went back to the bed. He stood beside it,
grinning down at the helpless girl. His hand cupped his crotch and
he rubbed it in a slow circular fashion.
     "Guess what I got here, baby. Guess what I got for you, white
girl."
     He slid his shorts down and his long, thick prong sprang
forth, pointing towards the startled girl's face. She gasped, her
mouth and eyes wide. He stepped out of his shorts and got onto the
bed, crawling over between her legs and squatting there. He and the
girl locked eyes.
     He chuckled and she broke contact, her eyes darting helplessly
at his thick organ as he held it there in his fist. 
     "Ready for it, cunt? Ready for a big nigger cock?"
     "Please don't," she sobbed. "I'm a virgin."
     "I knew it! I knew it," he laughed. "I figured you for a
virgin. That's a God damn shame, girl. Way I got it figured teenage
girls should have a cock up in their pussies every fuckin' day,
every fucking minute. Yeah. And in their asses too. You're walking
around letting it go to waste."
     He slid his free hand onto her belly. She gasped again,
staring at it. He rubbed her belly, sighing in pleasure at the
softness and warmth. His other hand joined the first and he
caressed her flesh, sliding up and down her hips, her sides, then
up along her ribs before coming around and sliding over her
breasts.
     She whimpered and pulled at the leather strips holding her in
place. His hands rubbed very softly against her rounded orbs. He
stroked the sides, then the center, avoiding the nipples. Then he
bent over and slid his tongue onto her belly, just above her thatch
of pussy hair. He slid it upwards along her belly, very slowly,
winding it from side to side.
     His tongue slid up between her breasts then curved around one,
circling it before passing across and circling the other. Finally,
his hands stroking her titties from the sides, her slid his tongue
directly up onto her left breast and onto her nipple. He closed his
lips on the little round bud and sucked, first gently, then
stronger.
     He shifted to the other tit, sucking on that nipple. He closed
his teeth around it and gnawed lightly, drawing a whimper from
Laurie. His fingers kneaded her soft, malleable breast meat,
digging deep furrows in the soft round orbs.
     He eased downwards, sliding his tongue down her belly again as
he shifted himself back towards the foot of the bed. He stared at
her cunt from inches away, his hands caressing her thighs.
     "Virgin pussy," he sighed. "Ain't had no virgin pink for a
while now. Nice N fresh N tight."
     His fingers eased into her tight slit, and rubbed along it,
then peeled the outer lips apart, revelling her soft, gleaming pink
skin, raw and moist and lovely. 
     Laurie whimpered again, refusing to watch, staring up at the
ceiling in total humiliation as the giant black man pulled her cunt
open and stared into her. 
     He rubbed his fingers along her slit, then bent and slid his
tongue into her, rubbing up and down her pink flesh, moistening it,
slipping into her hole, sliding over her clitty. He spread the top
of her cunt apart like a flower and slid his lips onto her clitty,
buzzing and humming as he lapped hard with his tongue.
     He screwed a finger into her tightness, sighing in pleasure as
her cunt sucked and chewed and bit down on his finger. He pumped it
slowly, his tongue whipping up and down against her clit. He
laughed, then slid upwards along her body, his heavy muscular frame
crushing her as it rasped upwards.
     Then he was over her, on  her. His eyes stared savagely down
into hers. His heavy frame crushed her into the bed. He seized her
hair and forced her head up and back, then mashed his lips against
hers. His tongue jabbed into her, flittering around like a live
thing.
     He reached down to his cock and pressed the head against her
moist center, then began pushing downwards. He pulled his lips from
hers, but held her hair tightly, staring into her eyes. His eyes
bored into her as he slowly drove his cock through her pussy lips
and into her body.
     She opened her mouth, a gurgling sigh of breath escaping as
her eyes widened.
     "No! No I... Oh! OOhhh! UUnnnnnggghhhhh! AAAAaaarchhhh!"
Her head pulled desperately, her body shaking and tearing at the
bonds holding her. Her muscles strained and pulled to no effect as
his cock slowly drove through her, mashed against her cherry, and
then burst  through. It slid deeper inside, forcing open the never
before entered passage. 
     The fat, bloated cockhead thrust high into the writhing girl's
belly, moving upwards until it finally came to rest against her
cervix.
     Laurie's eyes bulged wide, and the air puffed out of her in
short, gasping groans. Her insides were on fire with pain and shock
as the thick, hard organ rested inside her. 
     The feeling, like no other she had experienced, was shocking
to her system. Never before had she felt such... pressure inside
her. Never before had she felt her cunt pierced, her soft tunnel
pried apart. The thin flesh was tight around his pulsing tool. Her
cunt lips were clamped down tightly against the base of his prick.
     She groaned, the sound choked back by another cry of pain as
he drew back slightly then thrust inward. His weight was an
overwhelming, squashing her. His skin was hot against her, his
hands rough as they kneaded her flesh. His tongue slithered in and
out between her mouth, slipping over her own tongue, scouring her
teeth, caressing the insides of her cheeks.
     He ground his loins into her, then began to pump, grunting at
the effort or forcing his thick organ up and down her tight fuck
tunnel. He pulled his cock out half way, then slid it slowly back
in, watching her eyes still. His hands slid down beneath her, hard,
steel-like claws gripping her buttocks and pulling her tight as he
ground his pelvis into her soft thighs.
     His thick black fingers dug into her tender ass cheeks,
squeezing, kneading, pinching, digging into the malleable flesh as
he forced her up against him. She whined, and the sound was music
to his ears. He bit her throat, then licked her, his tongue sliding
up from under her chin to behind her ear.
     His fat fuck meat pulled back, then thrust inward, starting to
pump in slow movements, fighting the tightness of her hot belly. He
rolled his hips from side to side as the girl whimpered and moaned
and grunted and whined. His cock worked in harder as he tore her
virginal cunt box open.
     "Like that, little bitch? Dirty little white whore! Wagging
your ass around in front of everyone! You want it! Don't you? Don't
you?!" 
     He tore her head back and she cried out in pain as he pulled
her hair.
     "Yes! Yes!" she cried, her eyes tearing.
     "Slut! Dirty little slut!" he sneered, mashing his lips down
over hers again as he humped into her with greater strength. His
ass rose higher and higher with each stroke, as he used more and
more of his cock to stab her. 
     His cockhead slid up and down her with tremendous force and
velocity, pounding into her with deadly energy, ripping down her
cunt tube from her pussy lips to her cervix, then tearing back up
again. His heavy thighs bruised and hurt her thighs, but neither
noticed, or cared. Both were concentrating on his hard cock as it
pumped inside her.
     "Oh Yeah! Take it! Take it, bitch! Bitch! Whore!"
     "Ungh! Ungh! Ungh! Ungh! Ungh!" she grunted, gasping for
breath as his heavy body pounded down into her.
     Then he stiffened and came, flooding her belly with his
steaming white jism, pouring thick, gooey wads of juice into her
cunt tube, draining his balls down into her guts as he eased his
motions and lay still atop her.
     He sighed, and pulled up, rising to his knees again as the
girl stared up at him, sniffing and blinking her eyes.
     "So you been fucked. It shoulda been done years ago, you
stupid bitch. Now I want you to promise you'll slide this pretty
cunt of yours over at least three cocks every day."
He leered and rubbed her pussy.
     "I... I promise," she whimpered.
     "Good. Now, we got a few more things to get through, business
to take care of."
     He untied her and let her sit up. 
     "I'm gonna take some more pictures. You, baby, are gonna pose
for em'. The longer it takes you to do it right, the longer we'll
be at it. Understand?"
     She nodded, fearfully.
     For the next half hour he put her through gradually more and
more obscene poses. At first she just modelled, though with her
legs open, her body posed. Then he added toys, and lust filled
expressions. She had to pose with her legs wide, a dildo half
buried in her snatch, her back arched and a look of bliss on her
face, for instance. He did his best to make the pictures look like
she'd willingly posed for them.
     Laurie's desperate desire for him to finish and leave, and the
knowledge that she was totally at his mercy, overcame her shyness,
her humilation and embarrassment at the filthy, obscene poses, and
the disgusting things he made her do.
     He ended with a careful rehearsal, where she pretended to be
masturbating with the aid of a dildo. He went over it again and
again, insisting on the right facial expressions, on the right
grinding of her hips and movement of her body. Then he filmed it,
gleeful in the knowledge that she looked, as far as the camera was
concerned, like she was really jerking off.
     Her orgasm was quite convincing, better than many he'd seen,
and he'd seen a lot. 
     His voice was a club he used to beat her down with. Laurie,
hardly a strong willed person to begin with, was easily intimidated
even by ordinary people. She was terrified of him, and was soon a
pliant, obedient tool, quick to obey his every lewd wish.
     She stripped and dressed and stripped again for him. She said
filthy things into the microphone as he videotaped her. She
professed her lust for her sister, for her father and mother, for
little children and dogs and horses. She begged to be fucked, to be
whipped, to be tied and beaten and sodomised, all the while pumping
herself with the dildo an staring desperately into the camera.
     She confessed to having raped little girls, to having fucked
the family dog, to having cheated at school, and lusted for black
men all her life. She tearfully accused her sister of having raped
her with a dildo years ago, all put up, all lies, but said
convincingly.
     He screwed a heavy hook into the wall, then cuffed her hands
together and bound her to it. The hook was high, forcing her to
stand very, very straight for him. He put a ball gag in her mouth
then, just in case she had ideas of warning her sister, then
waited.
     Soon Corie came home. She found a note from her sister telling
her to turn on the TV and VCR and watch the tape there. He watched
in glee as the girl's eyes shot up and she stared in disbelief and
appalled shock at the images on the TV screen.
     He waited.
     Her expression became more and more angry, stunned and
horrified as she listened to her sister talk about the affairs they
had had together, and watched Laurie jerking off with the dildo.
She seemed unable to tear herself away from the TV, as if afraid
she would miss something even more terrible.
     Finally she turned it off, snatching the tape out and throwing
it across the room.
     "Laurie!" she howled in anger. She stormed up to the bedroom
door and threw it open with furious anger. He slipped out of the
closet and followed her in, coming up behind her as she stared in
amazement at her twin, hanging from her wrists.
     "What in the fuck is the matter with you?" She demanded. "Have
you lost your mind? Are you sick?"
     Then she spun as she sensed him there. He smiled evilly and
closed the door behind him. 

               *******************************
                          
                          Part Two

     "You're gonna make a tape just like that, baby," he grinned.
"Only, maybe you don't have to, you lookin' just like her."
     "Who the fuck are you?"
     "I'm the guy who just fucked the cherry right out of your
sister here. And I'm the guy who's gonna fuck you till you beg for
mercy."
     "You get away from me!" she gasped, her hands coming up as if
to fight him off. 
  He laughed and moved forward. She backed away, her eyes wide and
frightened.
     "Come on, baby. Gimmie what you get between your legs.
     "G... G... go away!" she yelled.
     His hands went to her dress and before she could respond
ripped it right down the front, tearing the whole front half off
her. She screamed and automatically tried to cover herself. He
grabbed her arm and swung her wildly around then grabbed the collar
of her dress and ripped downward.
     The tatters of her dress fell off, leaving her clad only in
her black lace bikini panties and bra. He flung her back and she
tumbled onto the bed, then quickly scrambled out of it and backed
against the wall. He sniggered as he caught sight of her scanty
underwear.
     "What kinda bra you call that, whore?" he sneered. 
     Her bra, really a half bra, cupped and supported her breasts
from beneath, but left them bare from just below the nipples on up.
     "How come that little bra thing don't even cover your nipples,
whore?" he jeered. "It's so they stick out through your dress,
ain't it? You want guys to see them and wanna fuck you just so you
can turn em' down."
     "I... I do not," she panted.
     "Whore! I found your pretty dildo in your lower drawer. You
gonna tell me you don't pump your little pussy with it?"
     She turned beet red, her eyes flipping between him and her
sister, who was watching with wide eyes.
     "Maybe you two cunts use it on each other, huh? You like to
suck pussy, whore?"
     "You... you leave me alone!" she cried.
     "Not likely."
     He grabbed her bra and tore it off. The force pulled her off
balance and she fell against the bed. He quickly grabbed her ankle,
lifting it high as she squealed in fright. He laughed, holding her
upside down in the air, her free leg and arms flailing helplessly.
     He reached down and tore her thin panties off, then pawed her
crotch, grabbing and rubbing her fuck mound as she swung and
thrashed in desperate attempts to free herself.
     He grabbed her windmilling arm and threw her onto the bed,
then leapt atop her.
     "Gonna put you in your place, whore," he snarled. He flipped
her onto her belly and his big hands slid beneath her, jerking her
ass up into the air.
     "No! No!" she screamed.
     "Shut up, whore. You're gonna get just what you deserve."
     His fat hand slapped down on her ass and began squeezing and
kneading her buttocks as the girl squirmed furiously. She tried to
turn and slap and claw back at him but he easily dodged her enraged
blows. He jerked her legs apart and rubbed his groin into her, his
hands pawing at her breasts.
     She dug her fingernails into his wrist and he snarled and
jerked his hand back. He grabbed both her wrists and pulled them up
behind her back, then shoved them up her back, up high behind her
neck as she squealed in pain.
     His hand not only pinned her wrists up behind her back but
also forced her chest down into the bed. His other hand slid under
her belly and jerked upwards, raising her ass higher. Her knees
came off the bed and she squalled in anger before they fell back
again.
     "You gonna like this, bitch," he sneered.
     His cockhead pressed against the writhing, cursing girl's
crotch, then pushed in between her pussy lips.
     "Stop it!" 
     "When I'm done."
     His cockhead forced her cunt lips open and sank down into her
silken belly. She screamed and gnashed her teeth. her body shook
and writhed against him, but he held her easily in place. 
     He thrust hard, jamming a half foot of thick hard meat up her
fuck tunnel. 
     "AHhhhhhhhh!" she screamed.
     "Love it, bitch! Love it!"
     He pulled back then rammed forward, driving another four
inches up her twat. He sniggered in satisfaction as she wailed in
misery. He began humping into her with small, sharp jerks and
rutting motions. His hips grinding and punching into her ass flesh.
     He turned and looked at her sister, grinning from ear to ear
at the girl's wide eyed stare.
     "Hey, whore, you like what you see? You jealous?"
Laurie turned her head away and he sniggered again.
     He pumped harder, using more length, thrusting into the girl
with furious lust. He pulled out suddenly and jerked her back up,
pulling her backwards off the bed as he got off himself. He dragged
her by her arms and hair back to her sister, then forced her down
to all fours at Laurie's feet.
     He pressed his boner against her slit and thrust hard, drawing
a cry of pain from the terrorized girl. He pumped hard for a long
minute, his hands holding her hips tightly, jerking her body back
and forth with him. 
     He pulled back out again, grabbing Corie by the hair and
forcing her to her feet, her shoved her into her sister, mashing
her body into Laurie, mashing their naked flesh together. He
sniggered as he mashed her rounded tit orbs against Laurie's,
rubbing and grinding them together.
     Corie tried to push herself back but was helpless under the
enormous weight he pressed against her. She was mortified and
shocked and stunned but the lewd, perverted actions the giant black
man was forcing upon her, and the presence of her sister only made
matters worse, much worse. Now it seemed there were no depths to
which the filthy beast would not stoop as he forced the sisters
into a lewd, lesbian embrace.
     He yanked the gag out of Laurie's mouth and the girl panted
and gasped loudly as she sucked in fresh air. He held Corie's hair,
making her whine and yelp several times as he pulled hard on it. He
pressed her against her sister's face as he squeezed her breast
hard.
     "Kiss her, slut," he snarled. "Give her a big, wet, juicy dyke
kiss."
     Both girls looked at each other in appalled shock, neither
wishing to carry out the vile order. Then Corie gasped in new pain
as his heavy fingers twisted her titty with cruel violence.
     "I said kiss her, you filthy little whore," he growled.
Laurie, not wanting her sister to be hurt any more, kissed her
chastely on the lips.
     "Not like that you stupid cunt! I want a dirty wet tongue
kiss. Let me see you shove your tongue right down her throat."
     Frightened, Laurie kissed her sister with an open mouth, her
tongue tentatively slipping through her lips and sliding along her
sister's closed oral entrance.
     "Open your mouth dyke!" he ordered, jerking Corie's hair by
the head. She cried out and her sister's tongue slipped into her
mouth, shocking her into silence.
     "Let me see some tongues dancing," he sneered, rubbing his
cock against Corie's buttocks.
     The two kissed wetly, pretending to push their tongues into
each other's mouth. He kept pulling Corie's head back though, and
wasn't satisfied.
     "Push your tongues out, sluts," he snarled.
They were forced to slide their tongues out and slither them
against each other as he watched, then push them inside each
other's mouth. He joined in the kiss, making a wet, lustful, three
way joining of lips and tongues. He shoved his tongue into both
girl's mouths as he continued to rub their round tit mounds
together.
     He gripped his hard cock and pressed it up against Corie's
asshole, then jerked up hard. The girl cried out, tearing her lips
back from her sister. He only chuckled in lewd delight, pushing up
with more pressure.
     "Fuck! Don't! Oh God!" she moaned.
     "Shut up, slut. You know you want a big nigger cock up your
asshole!"
     Laurie, unable to see what he was doing, gasped in shock at
the words, her eyes widening as she saw her sister's face cringing
in pain. 
     He drove his cock up high and deep, ignoring the girl's
agonized groans and whines as he used his heavy body to hold her in
place for the obscene anal penetration. He buried every inch of
thick black meat in the struggling, whimpering girl's anus, barking
at her and her sister to continue their incestuous kissing.
     He gripped Corie's right hand and pulled it up between the
twins bodies, pressing it hard into her sister's left titty.
     "Squeeze it, slut," he hissed. "Give it a nice workout. Let me
see you dig those fingers into that soft tit meat."
     Helpless to refuse, and whimpering with pain from the deep
anal assault Corie squeezed her fingers down around her twin
sister's tit meat, her fingers mashing and kneading the tender meat
as she was ruthlessly sodomised.
     He held her easily, one hand around her right thigh, almost
encircling her leg, the other clasping a thick mass of curly hair.
He began pumping into her asshole, the girl's grunts and moans
sweet and sensual to him as he ran his cock up and down in her gut.
     He forced her head downward, bending her over until her face
was against her sister's tit.
     "Suck that titty," he sneered. "Suck it hard, bitch."
     He yanked and jerked on her hair until the whimpering girl
complied, folding her lips around Laurie's nipple and sucking
frantically in hopes of easing the pain in her hair. He watched
from above, urging her on, demanding she suck harder.
     She sucked and nibbled and chewed on Laurie's nipple,, then
licked out, her tongue pushing out far as she lapped over every
inch of her twin's left titty, then shifted to the right. She
sucked and licked on the nipple there too, her ass jerking upwards
with every brutal thrust of his big dark cock.
     He pulled her down more, forcing her to her knees before her
whimpering sister. He dropped to his knees behind her, his cock
buried up in her asshole. 
     "Lick her out, whore. Let me see you give that pussy a good
cleaning. Finger her too, stick your fingers up that twat to the
knuckles."
     "No! Please!" Corie whimpered. 
     He jerked her head up and down cruelly, producing squeals of
pain as he tore at her hair.
     "Lick that cunt, whore!"
     She stuck her tongue out and began lapping at Laurie's pussy
pie, her tongue moving desperately over the delicate folds of her
sister's cunt lips.
     "Stick it in her. Pull those pussy lips open and shove your
tongue up her snatch!"
     She sobbed in pain and humiliation, her hands going up to her
sister's groin, her fingers touching her puffy pussy lips and
gently prying them apart. Her tongue slid inside and lapped at the
soft, glistening pink cunt skin.
     His right hand had slid down between her thighs and was
rubbing and squeezing at her own cunt pad as he continued to fuck
his cock way up into her rectum. His dark, angry black cock was
pumping steadily inside her anus, reaming her out with painful
force.
     His fingers dug at her cunt meat, squeezing, pinching,
twisting the sensitive flesh. Two fat, giant fingers were thrust up
into her silken depths as he ground his other fingers down against
her clitty.
     Her tongue pushed into her sister's fuck hole, and she tasted
the remains of the black man's semen. She moaned anew, but kept
licking, kept sucking. She slid her lips onto her sister's clitty
as the man ordered and licked and sucked on it. She pushed a finger
up into Laurie's tight pussy tunnel and pumped it in and out, then
forced a second, and under threats and pain, a third, then fourth.
     Laurie moaned and writhed against the wall as her sister
pumped her pussy with four fingers. Her legs were spread, forcing
her up onto her toes. The cuffs dug hard into the flesh of her
wrists and her back ached from the pressure of her stretched out
position.
     She was disgusted to the point of nausea, first by the deep
tongue lashing she and her sister had exchanged, and then, as
horror mounted, by Corie's hard sucking and licking of her breasts.
Now, as she stared in numbed shock at her sister performing
cunnilingus on her, as she felt her sister's tongue lapping at her
clitoris and her fingers pumping at her cunt tunnel, only fear of
the giant black man's response kept her from screaming in horror.
     But worse was to come... much worse.
     He pulled his cock free of the straining teenager's asshole,
then stood up. He quickly unfastened the cuffs holding Laurie aloft
and the girl almost fell, caught by her sister. He grabbed both
girls by the hair and pulled them over to the bed, tossing them in
together.
     "Now get to work, babes," he sneered. "Let me see some good,
hot, hard lesbo action."
     They both turned and stared at him in confusion and
uncertainty.
     "Get to it!" he snarled. He shoved Laurie down on her back and
jerked her sister over her, so she lay upon Laurie as a man would.
Under his angry orders they were soon stroking each other's naked
bodies as they kissed deeply. Their bodies ground together, Corie
grinding and humping her crotch into her sister's vulnerable loins.
     They squeezed each other's breasts, and, just as Corie had had
to, Laurie was forced to give her sister's titties a hot tongue
bath, sucking and nibbling on Corie's nipples. Corie was shifted
around and the two engaged in a sixty-nine, lapping at each other's
cunt slits as their fingers kneaded their ass flesh.
     He knelt beside the bed, shifting from one pussy to the other,
barking out orders when one or the other was not energetic enough
to his liking. 
     He took numerous snapshots of the two, then, as Corie stared
up from between Laurie's thighs in shock, knelt behind Laurie and
forced every last inch of cock down into her asshole. He fucked her
with furious strokes, jerking on her sister's hair to keep Corie
licking at her slit.
     After pumping into her for a couple of minutes he pulled out,
crawled around to the other end and shoved his cock down into
Corie's asshole again, pumping her hard and steadily for long
minutes. He pulled out again and crawled back, shoving his cock
into Laurie's asshole and pumping her for only a minute before
spraying his juice up inside her.
     Then, his cock limp after several cums, came rehearsal.
Laurie, already obedient, parroted everything he told her without
problem, though he had to keep snarling to get her to put emotion
into her voice. Corie was more difficult, but she too managed a
creditable performance after a while.
     He took dozens of snapshots of the girls, both looking happy
and aroused, arm in arm, kissing, their tongues probing at every
orifice, their bodies arched in ectatic release, their hands
squeezing, fingering, groping each other.
     Then came the video camera, and more toys.
     First they writhed together on the bed, arm in arm, tongues
tasting each other's mouth, hands squeezing asses and tits, groans
filling the air as they tumbled over and over.
     Corie slid down her sister's body and licked and sucked her
pussy as Laurie arched her back in seeming orgasmic bliss, then
they sixty-nined, both grunting and panting in supposed ecstasy as
they stuffed their tongues into each other's pussies.
     Each girl sucked he twin while pumping Corie's vibrator up and
down in her sister's pussy. Then both girls lay back side by side
and masturbated, first with just their fingers, then with a pair of
big black dildos. 
     They intertwined their legs and ground their pussies together
as their hands squeezed and groped each other's ass and titties,
and their mouths slid over each other's throat and face and lips.
     Corie was then tied tightly with coarse rope, the rope wrapped
all around her body, criss-crossing her breasts, binding her wrists
behind her back. She knelt between Laurie's legs as the other girl
held a leash which attached to a collar around Corie's throat.
     "Suck me, whore," Laurie ordered, glaring down at her helpless
sister as the girl lapped at her cunt.
     "Suck harder, bitch, or I'll whip your ass," she growled.
     She ground her pussy into Corie's mouth as the other girl
sucked, then, after a prolonged orgasm, she sat back on a chair,
pulled Corie over her lap and spanked her ass soundly, while the
camera watched and listened.
     Corie was forced onto her knees, her face pressed into the
rug, while Laurie, wearing a strap-on dildo, thrust into her with
hard, butt bruising strokes, her hands kneading her sister's ass
flesh. Corie moaned in fake pleasure as Laurie snarled insults,
often vile and obscene.
     "Shake your ass, little slut," she barked, "or I'll let those
German Shepherds fuck you again."
     He finished the film off with a hot shower scene, the two
sisters soaping each other up and exchanging soul touching kisses
as their hands and bodies rubbed wetly together.
     He put aside the camera and got in with them. Both girls were
forced to clean his body, soaping and scrubbing every inch of him
as though they were slave girls. He put both down on their knees
before him and made them both tongue and lick and suck his cock,
which hardened again.
     They sucked his balls and took turns bobbing their mouths up
and down on his cock shaft. Then both girls got on all fours,
reached back, spread their asses and begged that she be fucked and
sodomised. He took turns, able to hold back his cum for long
minutes as he pumped each girl's pussy then each girl's asshole.
     Finally he came for the last time, dumping a heavy load of
jism down Corie's pussy tube.

     Like many others who had experienced a visit from him, the
twins did recalled it with loathing, at least consciously.
Unconsciously however, their fantasies often turned to black men
after that, giant, muscular black men with huge cocks.
     Though she would have dismissed it as entirely circumstantial,
Laurie's first sexual experience afterwards was with a large black
man, and Corie bought a new dildo, a big black one.
     Also, they had been introduced, however unwillingly, and under
however frightening the  circumstances, to the beauty and softness
and sensuousness of each other's body. Within weeks they were once
again laying within each other's arms, kissing and squeezing and
fondling their luscious twin selfs as they writhed in the throes of
ecstasy and orgasm.
     And when a copy of the video tape arrived in the mail, each
watched at least some of it by herself, and helplessly fingered her
pussy as she stared in wide eyed horror.
