RAVISHED
by Hadley V. Baxendale

The Yankee gazed at her lustfully. The war had finally arrived at Mary's
front door. With it came the brutal plunderers of Sherman's hoard. Many of
these soldiers, undisciplined and immoral, took advantage of the
weak--raping and pillaging as they made their way through the South to the
sea.

Mary had just turned twenty. Gentile and proper, she was the epitome of
the Southern belle.  Her large green eyes drew much attention to this
unattached blond beauty.

As the only daughter of a Georgia planter, Mary had had to oversee the
management of her father's plantation. Both her father and two brothers
were off fighting for the Confederacy. Mary had not heard from either of
them in quite some time.

Before the war, Mary had been engaged to a dashing and handsome young man
named Joseph Smith. They were to be wed on Mary's eighteenth birthday.
Sadly though, Smith was fatally wounded while commanding troops near a
strange place called Malvern Hill. Upon hearing the news of his untimely
death, Mary was devastated.  

The Yankees were now on her family's estate. With only a handful of
servants and no kinsman  to defend her honor, Mary was at the mercy of
this debaucherous Yankee.

"My, my. Now aren't you a pretty one" The Yankee said.

Mary's heart began to beat faster. "If you are looking for valuables, sir,
I am sorry to inform you...is it Lieutenant? ...that there is very little
left in this household. Anything that was of value has been turned over to
the war effort."

Taking a cigar from his breast pocket, the Yankee stared at Mary intently.

Mary went on. "I can have the servants collect what is left. We have a few
old pieces of...

The Yankee quickly stepped forward and smacked Mary across the face with
the back of his hand. Mary fell to the floor.

"I don't want none of your worthless property you rebel bitch!"

Leaning on her left arm, Mary rubbed the red mark on her face. "Then what
DO you want I pray tell?"

The Yankee stepped back and leaned against a large cabinet in the corner
of the parlor. Taking a match from his coat pocket he struck it on his
boot. Mary watched as he slowly lit his cigar.

"I would say that you're probably the most valuable thing in this decrepit
old house. I would dread to think that such a pretty young thing like you
would be forced to live outside when this house is no more."

Oh, please sir, you're not going to fire this house, are you?"

The Yankee put out his hand to help Mary up. Just as Mary took his hand he
pulled her up close. His breath smelled of hard liquor.

"Now I reckon we can make some arrangements here. Now I ain't the type of
man who would force--a lady--to submit to certain indiscretions. No, I'd
much rather negotiate for certain things."

"What are you getting at?" Mary said in a slightly trembling voice.

The Yankee allowed Mary to step back from him.

"What I am getting at, Mam, is that I desire you in a certain way.

Mary looked down. "I take it you desire..."

Blowing  a puff of smoke from his cigar the Yankee spoke. "Let's just say
that I can spare your humble abode from the torch in exchange for certain
favors from your person."

"You desire carnal pleasures of me I take it?"

"Exactly."


As they ascended the stairway to the master bedroom the Yankee began to
unbutton his shell jacket. The smoke from his cigar irritated Mary's eyes.
As they entered the bedroom the Yankee turned to lock the door. He placed
the key into his vest pocket. Mary walked across the room to draw the
shades.

The Yankee quickly interrupted her. "There ain't no need for that. I ain't
planning on spending the night."

From the bedroom window Mary could see a group of soldiers in the front
yard. They were taunting two of Mary's female slaves. Mary turned away.
The Yankee walked up to Mary and took hold of her. Placing both of his
hands on her face he gave her a kiss on the mouth. Mary attempted to
resist by keeping her lips tight but the Yankee managed to slip his tongue
into her mouth.  He then picked her up and placed her roughly on the bed.
Mary closed her eyes tightly.

"If you must, then please begin." Mary said as she fell back onto the bed.

"Oh, I ain't going to undress you. You're going to take your own clothes
off."

Mary just laid there. She wouldn't move. In response, the Yankee tore a
curtain from its rod and began to light it on fire with his cigar.
Dangling it in Mary's face, the Yankee warned her about their deal.

"All right then. If you are so inclined to watch me undress then I shall
have to submit" Mary said angrily.

The Yankee stomped out the burning curtain with his boot. He walked across
the room, took a chair, and sat down in it with his arms crossed. "All
right now. I'm waiting."

Mary slid to the edge of the bed. Pulling her dress up, she slowly undid
the ties of her hoop skirt. The Yankee blew a puff from his cigar. She
then untied her shoes throwing them across the room. Next, she slipped out
of her dress and carefully undid her white undergarments. The Yankee
touched himself as Mary proceeded to undress. After a few minutes, Mary
was completely naked. She climbed back onto the bed pulling her knees up
to her chin. The Yankee just puffed on his cigar.

"Beautiful" the Yankee remarked.

Again, Mary closed her eyes. She could hear the Yankee stand and walk
across the room. He then opened up a dresser drawer. The next moment he
ordered her to lie on her stomach. Mary reluctantly obliged. Climbing onto
the bed, the Yankee tied Mary's hands and feet to the posts. He then
gagged her mouth with a handkerchief.  

"Now, just relax. Everything will be plenty fine if you just relax."

The Yankee then placed a pillow under Mary elevating her buttocks.  She
tensed as the Yankee slowly entered her backside with his manhood. The
pain was excruciating.

The Yankee pushed his manhood as far as he could into Mary. Her screams
were muffled by the gag in her mouth. Driving his manhood in and out of
Mary the Yankee showed no mercy. Mary was in tears.

"How does this feel you rebel bitch? I bet you've never been fucked in the
ass before?" 

The sweat from the relentless Yankee's face dripped onto Mary's back. She
felt as if she was going to be torn in two. Her world changed forever. The
Yankee tensed and Mary could feel a hotness inside of her. To put this
awful spectacle out of her mind she tried to think back to happier times.
But the pain was so strong. By the grace of God she prayed that this
Yankee would go and leave her alone. He collapsed on top of her.

After several minutes, the Yankee untied Mary. She quickly covered herself
with a blanket. Raped. Humiliated.

The Yankee buttoned the fly of his pants and pulled on his shell jacket.
He then lit another cigar. Sitting on the chair once again, he stared at
Mary. "I wish I could fuck all of you Rebs in the ass 'cause you're all
shit!" The Yankee took a drag from his cigar. "Fuck this place too 'cause
I'm burning it down."

Quickly reaching into a drawer from her nightstand, Mary pulled out a
small pistol. Before the Yankee could react she fired several shots
hitting him in the face, chest and stomach. He fell backwards in the
chair. Dead.

"Not if I can help it you sonofabitch!" Mary threw the pistol across the
room. Drawing her knees to her chest, she put her head in her arms and
cried.

THE END
