"Ray and I" by Craver

     Ray and I were on vacation, very relaxed,
sipping Pi$a Coladas, the warm Caribbean sun beating
down on us like a sexual recharging machine. 
Whenever we're out in the sun we both get extremely
horny, and this time was no exception.
     "Darling... rub some oil on my back, okay?" I
asked, untying the string to my skimpy bikini top.  I knew
I was being observed by a group of young studs sitting
near us, drinking beer, and it turned me on to let them
see my bare tits.  I leaned up a little off the chaise
lounge chair to give them a better view of my 38DD
boobs, and when Ray started rubbing the sides of my
fleshy tits with oil I leaned up even further, telling him to
cover my nipples, too.  He did, massaging my
nakedness as I smiled at the boys staring at me.
     "I think we're being watched," I whispered to Ray.
     "Really?  Where?"
     "Over there.  Those guys.  Oh fuck, Ray, this is
making me so hot my pussy is starting to drip," I
moaned, squeezing my legs together, trying to
masturbate without  actually touching myself.
     "Spread your legs, too, baby.  Let's get all of you
oily for them," Ray said.  He loves showing me off to
other men as much as I love having him do it, so I
spread my legs as he suggested and felt the material
of my thong bikini crawling up inside my ass crack,
exposing my entire naked ass to the guys.  One of them
whistled, and I smiled at them again, turning on my side
slightly to show off a bare breasts, my nipples rock hard
now.  Speaking of hard, I felt Ray's cock poking into my
leg as he rubbed my ass with oil.  He was as turned on
as I was, and wasn't doing anything to hide his
excitement, either.
     "Ray... are you thinking what I'm thinking?" I
breathed.
     "You mean...."
     "Yeah.  All of them at once.  Or one after the
other, I don't care how.  I just need them.  You
understand my cravings, baby.  Don't you?  It's okay. 
Isn't it, baby?  Please?"
     Ray said he wanted it, too, so we put our plan
into motion.  I rolled over onto my back, barely
covering my huge mounds of soft flesh with the tiny
material of my bikini top, laying it loosely across my
nipples, exposing both the top and bottom parts of my
tits to my young audience.  They were obviously
college kids on Spring break, and looked to be around
19 or 20 or so, some ten years younger than Ray and I. 
Perfect.  Just the kind of horny young studs I love to
fuck.
     "Now, baby?  Please?" I moaned, spreading my
legs.  I looked around to make sure nobody else but
the kids were watching me, then quickly ran my hands
down inside my bikini and rubbed my clit a few times,
all the while staring right at the young studs.  That's all it
took, and I exploded, my orgasm causing my eyes to
flutter shut as I thrashed around on the chair, causing
my top to fall off my naked tits for them.
     "Fucking-A," one of them said.  Other similar
comments followed, until finally one of them got up
enough nerve to come over and talk to us.
     "You sure got a fine, hot lady there, mister," he
said.
     "Hotter than you know, son.  You and your
buddies interested in helping cool her off, maybe?" Ray
asked.  One thing led to another, and in less than two
minutes we were all in the elevator on the way up to
our room.
     "My name is Beth.  Here are the rules," I said
sternly.  Then, smiling, continued, "Any of you can do
anything you want to me.  And I mean anything,
okay?"
     "I'm not sure they believe you, baby.  Show 'em,"
Ray said, his cock sticking out erect in front of him,
forming a tent in his bikini briefs.
     I looked at the horny young men crowded in
next to me in the elevator, and as a shudder coursed
through my body, I took off my top, then my bottoms,
and handed them to Ray.  Totally naked, I took the
hand of one of the guys standing next to me, and
placed it on my tit.  Then I took the hand of another
one and put it on my pussy.  After that, they seemed to
finally know what to do, as all of them began feeling
me at once.
     When the doors opened for our floor, I didn't
bother getting dressed again.  I stepped out into the
hall, naked, and walked proudly down the hall to our
room.  A chamber maid was just coming out of the
room next door to us, and I smiled at her.
     "Don't bother cleaning our room just yet, sweetie. 
We're going to get it very dirty before we're through." 
Then we all went inside, and the party began for real.
     In the room all the guys, including Ray,
immediately stripped naked.  I crawled onto the bed
and spread my legs, telling someone to fuck me or eat
me or whatever they wanted.  Immediately one of the
studs crawled between my legs and rammed his stiff
cock into my cunt.  God it felt wonderful, so hot and
long and throbbing with youthful energy.  He fucked
me as hard and as fast as he could, for maybe three or
four minutes.  Then he erupted, spewing cum way up
inside my pussy as I cried out, no screamed out my
pleasure.  I knew the maid in the hall was probably
listening, and I wondered if we were making her hot,
too.
     As soon as the guy pulled out of me another one
took his place, sliding into my now cum-lubricated
pussy with ease.  He lasted a little longer, but not much,
before filling me with his creamy spunk.  I didn't come
with him, but was working up to another orgasm when
the third guy took his turn with me.  Ray was sitting next
to me, watching, masturbating, and he told one of the
guys to fuck me in the mouth.  Somebody crawled up
next to my face, and I turned to greet his stiff cock with
my open mouth, sliding my lips down over his velvety
shaft as the guy between my legs kept banging away
inside my juicy cunt.
     "Oh man, this slut sucks dick like she really loves
it," the guy fucking my face said.
     "She does," Ray said, his tongue practically
hanging out, drooling over the nice hot cock in my
mouth.  I pulled off the guy I was sucking for a second,
and said, "He likes it, too, the cocksucker, don't you,
baby."  Ray hates it when I tell people he's bisexual.  It
always embarrasses him, but I notice he never
complains whenever I get a nice hard cock for him to
fuck around with.
     "Really?  Is that right?  You're gay?" one of the
guys said.
     "No, I'm not GAY!" Ray snapped. 
      I stopped sucking again and said, "He swings
both ways, though, don't you, baby."  Then I slowly
went back down on the cock fucking me in the mouth.
     "Well, shit, dad, why do we have to wait for the
bitch?  How 'bout you getting us ready for her, okay?" 
One of the young men moved over and stood in front
of Ray, his cock sticking straight out directly in front of
Ray's mouth.  I could tell Ray wanted to suck it in the
worst way, and when the guy moved closer to Ray's
lips, Ray didn't back away, so the guy leaned closer still
and Ray took the thick, hard cock into his mouth.
     As soon as I saw Ray sucking the guy, I came
again, jerking my mouth off the cock I was sucking,
screaming at my husband to suck the guy's dick until it
was hard enough to fuck me real good.  The guy
fucking me suddenly erupted, and so did the guy I'd
been sucking, his dick spewing ropes of sticky all over
my face and into my mouth.  I turned back toward him
and took him inside my mouth again, sucking the cum
out of his dick, chewing it, savoring the salty,
bittersweet taste of his jiz before swallowing it. 
Someone else had moved next to me on the other
side, and suddenly I felt his cum raining down on my
face as well, and I giggled, a nasty, perverted giggled
as I wiped the hot cum all over my cheeks and lips and
forehead, coating my face with the sticky yogurt.  I
looked at Ray, and his cock was twitching
uncontrollably, all by itself, as he sucked the guy
waiting to fuck me next.
     "Okay, man, that should do it.  I can fuck your slut
wife now," he said, pulling out of Ray's mouth, crawling
on top of me, entering my slushy cunt easily.
     "Damn, man, she's so full of spunk I can hardly
feel the walls of her pussy.  This sucks," he said,
disgusted.
     "Then fuck her in the ass," Ray said, masturbating,
close to coming.  His eyes were glazed with perverted,
hot lust, and when the guy fucking me pulled out, Ray
reached over and took a handful of cum from my cunt
and wiped it across my asshole.  I moaned, eager now
to get my butt reamed by these cocks as well.
     "I think she's ready," Ray said, his voice trembling. 
I noticed he was shivering, and it turned me on to see
him that hot.
     "I'm not sure she's ready yet, man.  How 'bout you
suck her asshole for us to make sure.  Try your tongue
on her for us first, to make sure she's wet enough for us,"
the guy who had been fucking my pussy said, a sadistic
sneer on his face.  I looked at Ray and his body jerked
violently.  Then he bent down and began licking my
ass, as the guy suggested.  I felt his tongue creeping up
between my sweaty ass crack, and then it was pushing
inside my anus.  I lifted my legs high in the air and
spread them widely apart, giving him better access to
my asshole, and I felt his tongue enter my dark butthole
even deeper than before.
     "Uhhhhhhh," I heard him groan, and then his
cock was erupting, shooting cum all over the bed, spurt
after spurt gushing out of his dick, flying everywhere as
he ate my ass.  Unable to wait any longer, I pushed him
away and screamed at the guy waiting in front of me
to "Fuck me in the ass you fucking bastard.  DO IT! 
SLAM THAT FUCKING COCK UP MY SHITHOLE AND GORE
ME WITH IT!"
     He did, pushing into me so roughly it felt as
though I'd been impaled on a fence post or
something.  He fucked me like I like it... hard, hot, and
with no holding back.  When he started to cum he
suddenly pulled out and grabbed Ray's head, pulling it
close to the nasty cock that seconds before had been
inside my asshole.
     "Suck it, you little faggot.  Suck my dick and eat
my cum!"  Ray cried out with an animalistic growl, and
took the guy's dick in his mouth, sucking it and
swallowing the guy's cum as he erupted down my
husband's throat.  I began masturbating until someone
else climbed on and started fucking me again, and
then I closed my eyes and let them have their way with
me, coming over and over again, for the rest of the
afternoon.
     Much later, when it was getting dark outside,
they finally left.  Our room smelled like a locker room,
and I stunk from the stench of masculine sweat and
cum.  It felt like every inch of my body was covered
with cum, and my pussy was leaking a river of cum
between my totally fucked thighs.  Ray crawled up
next to me and we hugged, kissing one another.
     "You smell awful," he smiled.  "Like a well fucked
whore."
     "So do you, darling," I sighed.  "It was wonderful,
wasn't it?"
     "The best one yet," Ray said, kissing my eyes
tenderly.  "You were wonderful.  I wonder how many
times you got fucked."
     "Lots.  My pussy is so full of cum it's leaking.  Here...
feel me," I said, taking Ray's hand, putting it on my
dripping snatch.
     "Hmmmmm, that feels nasty," he said, mushing
the squishy cum all around my pussy, causing that
familiar tingling sensation to begin again.
     "Hungry baby?" I teased.  "It's still warm."
     Ray looked at me, and I began pushing gently
on his shoulders, pushing him down my body, toward
my cum filled cunt.  He didn't resist, and when he
began eating me, I wrapped my legs over his shoulders
and pressed forward, letting him suck all that nasty,
thick, gooey jism right out of my pussy and into his
mouth.
     I always wondered why some guys like eating
their wive after another man, or men, have fucked her,
but Ray says he likes it because it makes him feel nasty. 
Like, all his life he was told to be a "good boy," and to
"behave like a little gentleman."  His mother was real
strict with him, the bitch, and she ruled their family with
an iron fist.  Ray's dad left when he couldn't take it
anymore, and then his mother became stricter than
ever.  Sometimes when Ray misbehaved, as
punishment she'd make him stand in the corner
wearing his big sister's panties, calling him a little sissy,
telling him she was going to spank him in his panties in
front of his sisters if he didn't learn to behave like she
wanted.  She did it, too, humiliating him beyond belief
and embarrassing his sisters as well.  Then one day Ray
got hard and had an orgasm while she was spanking
him and she got so furious he said she made him go to
his room without supper, telling him he could suck the
panties clean for his dinner.  Ray said just to show the
old bitch, he did it, too, and strangely his cock got hard
and he came again while he was sucking the panties. 
I guess that kind of warped his sexuality, and he's liked
eating cum ever since, especially out of my panties or
my pussy after I've been fucked.
     Which of course I don't mind at all, since I love
getting fucked by groups of men so much.  All in all, I'd
say we're a pretty compatible couple, wouldn't you?
