                      RAY
 
It was late September and classes were in full swing. 
My students had adjusted to me, their new computer studies 
teacher, and I was getting along quite well with them. 
 
All seemed to be fine except for one student, Ray, who 
seemed to be having trouble with his assignments.  He asked 
if I could stay after classes one afternoon and help 
him catch up.  Because of committments, we arranged to meet 
Friday after school in the computer lab. 
 
Now I remember Ray from the previous year.  I had never had 
him as a student before, but I certainly remember his appearance 
in last Spring's fashion show.  He was one of the boys that modeled 
bathing suits and shorts, and boy did he model them!  Up until that 
show he had worn large, loose fitting clothes, and no one had 
taken much notice.  But the night of the fashion show... everyone 
noticed him.  
 
It seems Ray was really into bodybuilding and worked out nearly 
every night at a local gym, yet no one knew this.  When he walked 
on stage, the girls went wild.  I admit, I was aroused too,  
my dick hardenning as I watched from back stage.  From 
head to toe, he had one of the most muscular, cut, ripped, 
hairless bodies I had ever seen for a 17 year old.  His arms 
were bulging with muscles, his pecs were thick and full, 
his shoulders were broad, his torso tapered to a small waist, 
his abs looked like a washboard, his thighs and calves matched the rest 
of his body. 
 
As he strut down the runway, I noticed the hard, developed muscles 
in his shoulders, back, legs and butt.  And when he reached the end of 
the runway, he began to flex his pumped muscles and pose to the 
music.  No one really noticed the speedo he was modelling, yet 
I couldn't help but wish it had been a brief bikini or a 
thong.  Hell, he should have been naked! 
 
Friday finally came.  There was nearly no one there.  I came into 
the class and Ray was waiting near the computer, alone.  As I sat near 
him I noticed he seemed distracted, nervous.  We began reviewing 
one of the exercises.  As I explained, I noticed he was looking 
at me.  "Everything O.K.," I asked. 
 
"Oh, yeah.  Go on," he said, moving his eyes back to the screen. 
I went on with the explanation.  That is when it happened. 
 
Suddenly, he moved forward and kissed me.  For a moment I was 
stunned.  Then he did it again.  But as he went to pull away, I 
grabbed his broad shoulders, held him in place, placed my 
lips to his and thrust my tongue deep into his mouth.  Our  
tongues explored each other's mouth, our hands, each other's  
body. 
 
Within moments we were standing, undressing each other.  I 
unbottoned his shirt, revealing his thick, broad chest.  His 
skin was smoothe and hairless and tanned.  His dark-brown nipples 
were ths size of silver dollars, perfect for his bulbous pecs. 
I began to suckle on one and pinched the other between my thumb
and forefinger.  As I did so, his nipples and my cock got harder. 
 
I removed his shirt, revealing his large arms and broad shoulders. 
I could see those strong muscles work as he moved to undress me.  As he  
pulled me closer, squeezing my ass with his strong hands and kissing me 
passionately, I let my hands carress his mountainous biceps and triceps. 
 
I undid his belt and zipper to let his pants drop to the floor.  I could  
feel the bulge of his stiffening cock in his bikini underwear.  But as I 
went to pull them off to free his large, hot dick to become 
erect, I discovered he was really wearing a thong.  Slowly, I began 
to remove his thong by placing my hands on his tight glutes.  I 
squeezed them a little.  Then, I slowly pulled it down, running 
my hands down his powerfully built thighs and calves.  Finally we were  
fully naked. 
 
I led him to a table where I had him lie down, his legs dangling 
off the edge.  I mounted him.  We moved our cocks playfully as 
if dueling with swords.  Then I let my hands explore his beefy 
flesh.  Never had I felt such a big, powerful body.  He quivered 
as my hands massaged.  I leaned over and sucked his large, brown, 
hard nipple, nibbling now and again, my hands squeezing the other 
pec, and one of his biceps.  I moved my tongue to his belly button and 
licked from there, over his rugged stomach, and into the deep 
valley between his pecs.  Then I gently blew along the wet line, 
causing him to quiver again. 
 
I got off the table and began to stroke his cock.  It must have  
been 8" long, and thick.  Within seconds it was in my mouth. 
I stroked and sucked, licked and gently bit.  It was so big I 
couldn't put it all in my mouth, and was so hot and juicy.  I 
also nibbled on his dangling balls, my hands holding on to his 
muscular thighs.  All this time he was moaning and saying, "Yes, 
yes,..."  I could feel his large hands playing in my hair. 
 
I asked him to turn onto his stomach which he did without 
hesitation.  I pinched and squeezed his tight, muscular ass. 
Like the rest of his skin, it too was dark brown, tanned by 
the sun.  I could see the thin tan-line from the thong he 
had worn in the summer sun.  I imagined him at the beach, walking
out of the water wearing that thong, the sun shining off the beads of
water on his bronzed, pumped body. By now my dick was the hardest
it had ever been.
 
My hands moved up his back, feeling the 
ripples of muscle, following the V taper to his shoulders, then 
came back to his butt.  I slowly inserted my hard cock into his 
anus.  He gasped and tightened his butt.  I pulled his cheeks  
apart with my hands and forced myself deeper into him.  I pulled 
and thrust, pulled and thrust, to a point when I was ready to 
cum.  Then I stopped.
 
 
Now it was his turn. 
 
He did to me all I had done to him, only with more strength and 
aggression.  I had never been so excited by a man.  The feel of his  
strong hands carressing my body, the weight of his muscular body, it was  
nearly too much.  The worst and the best came when he began 
to fuck ME up the ass.  I screamed with pain and delight.  His 
big, hot cock up my ass made me think my anus was going to tear. 
He too stopped before cumming. 
 
Finally, I turned onto my back.  Ray mounted the table on 
hands and knees in a 69 position.  His cock dangled in my 
face for me to suck as he sucked on mine.  We licked each other, 
my hands carressed his legs, ass, anything I could hold on to. 
We climaxed and came into each other's mouth, licking, swallowing, 
enjoying each other thoroughly.  When we'd finished, he turned, 
grabbed hold and rolled me on top of him.  We kissed, our tongues 
deep into each other's throat, the taste of each other's cum mixing as
our tongues probed.  I licked the beading sweat from 
the hot, golden brown skin of his stomach, then his chest, then his shoulders,
then his neck and finally his face. 
 
When it was all over, we lay on the table, me on top, my head 
on his silky soft chest.  My fingers played with his limp penis.  Even limp,
it was impressive and BIG!  "I've wanted to do this 
for so long, sir," he said.  "Every time I came to 
class I thought about you.  I couldn't concentrate on my work." 
 
"Well, Ray," I said, "I hope your marks will improve now!" 
