                        When Reality Is better Than Fantasy
                        -----------------------------------

        It is difficult to say exactly  when the story I'm about to tell
really began, but I'll try to relate what happened.

        One afternoon my 8 year old sister, Shelly and myself, 10, were
playing around the house on our own. Our parents were out, trusting our
next-door neighbour to check on us occasionally. In our father's den my
sister stumbled across a leather bag behind a bookshelf, she called me in
from my room and showed me her find. We unzipped it and looked inside.
        
        There were a large number of pages of photographs torn from
magazines, pictures of naked women! We looked at each other then back at
the pages, they were like nothing we had ever seen. As kids we had baths
together, so we had seen each other in the nude, but these photos showed
women with hair between their legs
and large tits.

        Shelly looked back at me and said " I don't think we should be
looking at these, they might be home soon." She then flicked through some
 more photos, then said "Do you think I'll have tits like these when I'm
older? And hair down there?"

        "I don't know, I suppose so." I replied, feeling uncomfortable as
my dick was starting to strain against my shorts. I tried to adjust myself
without Shelly seeing, but as she went to put the bag back where she had
found it, she brushed her arm against my leg.

        "Oh God! That's hard!" she squealed and ran her hand up and down
my length. Then shyly she looked up into my eyes, asking "Can I see it?
You never got like that in the bath."

        "Look, Mum and Dad will back soon, they might catch us."
        
        OK! But I'll get to check it out one of these days"

        Over the weeks that followed I sometimes sneaked the bag into my
room at night to look through, rubbing my cock but nothing happened. Later
as I grew older I remembered the photos in Dad's secret hiding place and dug
them out again. By now I was 15 and had started to date some girls at school.
 One girl even went so far as rubbing me though my jeans until I came, while
she let me feel her through her panties. One night I was lying on my bed
masturbating, looking at one of the photos, when I began to feel drowsy and
fell asleep. 

        "Hello Geoff," said Shelly, "having fun?"

        "My God! Don't you ever sneak up on me like that again!" I gasped.
As the shock of being interrupted wore off I realised that Shelly was only
wearing a baby-doll night-dress, made of some gauzy material that was nearly
see through.

        "Why not? You seemed to be so into what you were doing, and I wanted
to see more."

        "Please don't tell Mum and Dad" I begged her.
        
        "OK! I wont, but only if you show me your new hobby" Shelly replied
looking down at my rapidly shrinking dick.

        "It's embarrassing in front of you, I wont be able to concentrate on
what I'm doing."

        "That's OK, I'll help you", she then reach over and ran her hand over
my dick a few times. This was my little sister? My dick started to stiffen up
again as she held it and rubbed her hand up and down slowly.

        "See, it's got all large and hard again. Just like before when we
found those photos, remember? I told you that I would check it out later. Pity
we've taken so long."

        As she carried on gently handling my dick, I looked more carefully at
my sister. The light fabric of her night-dress was letting a small amount of
light through, I could make out her body's silhouette. Her tits had already
begun to develop, and I could see her nipples, in profile, slowly becoming
erect.

        "Shift over," she said starting to climb onto my bed. Then she changed 
her mind and told me to lie back. She then straddled my chest, leaning forward 
to take hold my dick again. I felt the soft cool touch of her skin on mine, I
reached for her night dress and carefully lifted the back . Slowly her naked 
butt came into sight. She wasn't wearing any panties!

        I  moved my hands closer to her body, and then started to run them up
and down her sides. Shelly wriggled a little and murmured "That's nice, keep
going."  At her invitation I slipped my hands up and round until I felt her
young tits, her nipples were already hard buttons against the soft flesh.

        Shelly's hand movements started to get faster as I massaged her tits,
"Aah! Shelly ! I'm gonna come! That's right rubbing!"

        "Uh huh!" she replied, starting to grind down against my chest. I
could feel her getting damp,as her tits firmed up in my hands. Suddenly she
bent her head down and took the head of my dick into her mouth, her tongue
swirling around and over the end.

        "Oh! God! Uh! Uh! Uh! Shelly! I'm coming!" I gasped as my dick pulsed,
squirting my come into her mouth. Shelly let my dick fall out and pumped up
and down, my come spurting over the front of her night-dress. Shelly giggled,
looking down saying "I suppose I'll have to take this of now!" 

        I helped her pull her damp night-dress off, then Shelly turned round
on my chest looking down at me. I looked back at her and smiled, resting my
hands on her upper thighs gently stroking my thumbs inwards, towards her crotch.

        "Ooh! Yes! That's nice too, will you do me like I just did you?"  she
asked with a little smile. I reached up cupping  her tits, one in each hand,
moving them slowly in small circles, her nipples brushing against the palms of
my hands. Shelly started to tremble and leant back thrusting her tits against
my touch, then she reached up and pulled my right hand down towards her legs.
I followed her suggestion running my fingers through the soft, light down of
hair between hers legs. Her hand then reached back up to her left tit and
carried on caressing in time to the actions of my left hand an her right tit
and nipple.

        "Has any of your girlfriends allowed you to do this?"

        "One," I replied, " but she only let me feel her through her T-shirt
and panties.

        "Well now you've got the real thing. Just run your fingers along my
slit for the moment. I'll let you know when I need more."

        I did as I was asked, her slit was already slick with her juices, my
fingers started to slide just inside her lips. Her left hand reached over to
mine and pulled it up to her slit, guiding one of my fingers to her clit. I
started to rub her little pleasure centre under  its hood, rubbing around and
along it, slowly it started to swell up. I pulled back  the hood to see her
clit clearly.

        Remembering what Shelly had done to me, I reach round to her butt and
pulled her forward over my chest towards my mouth, then I bought my hands back
to open up her lips and expose her clit. Craning my neck up and forward, I ran
my tongue along her slit ending with a flick across her clit.

        "Uuuhh!" Shelly groaned as her body twitched, "Oh! God! That was so
good. Again. Keep licking!  Uuuhh! Oooohh!"

        With Shelly's encouraging words I continued tonguing her, slipping my
tongue along her lips, around her clit and up into her tight hole.

        I pulled back to glance up at my naked sister, to see her pulling on
her nipples. Seeing that she was enjoying herself I continued working between
her lips. Suddenly her juices started to flow and Shelly began to gasp and
groan. Her whole body began shaking , and she collapsed forward over my
shoulder. Her arms clasped around my neck, and she started to thrust into my
face.

        "Aaaaaaahhh!" She gasped, her body shuddered violently and she sagged
limply on top of me.

        We lay there for a while as she got her breath back. "Oh! Geoff! I
love you!" Shelly stretched out beside me, her hand falling onto my hard again 
dick. "Ready for more?" she asked.

        "Looks like it to me," I answered, "But aren't you too tired?"

        "Not if I go top."

        "Go on top?"

        "Yes, I want you inside me, and I can control things if I'm on top".

        What is going on I thought? My little sister saying that she wanted to
fuck me and knowing what to do?

        "OK!" I replied, " Do it your own way."

        Shelly sat up, sliding her left leg across my legs, until she was
sitting on my thighs. She reached forward and took hold of my dick, then she
inched her way forward until the head was nuzzling against her lips. Putting
her right hand down on the bed, she lifted herself up a little until the tip
of my dick was just pushing into her hole. Then she bore down a little, her
lips parted and slid down over the head of my dick.it felt like a warm, soft,
wet hand was sliding over my cock.

        Shelly then let go with her left hand, to press down against my bed on
 the other side of my waist. Slowly she eased her way down my length, pulling
up a little and then pushing back down further each time. When she had got
half of my dick up her, I started to push up my hips in time with her downward
movements. Suddenly I slid all the way in, Shelly then wriggled her butt  to
get comfortable and we settled into a slow rhythm of thrusting against each
other.

        Then Shelly leant back a little, exposing her lips to my view. It was
incredible to watch my dick sliding in and out of her tight slit. She reached
down and started to finger her clit with her right hand, and up to play with
her tits using her left hand. I reached forward and held my sister's waist as
she began to buck up and down on my dick.

        The sight of my sister's orgasm finished me off, and I pumped my first
load up into her. Again Shelly collapsed forward onto me, but this time I was
inside her coming.

        I lay back gasping, when I heard Shelly say "What are you doing?"

        My eyes snapped open, Shelly was standing in the open doorway to my
room silhouetted in the light, wearing a long T-shirt, her usual night clothes.

        "Um, I was er .. that is  ... I ... Oh! God! How long have you been
there?"

        "Ever since I heard you calling out my name, saying that you were
going to come. You didn't answer your door when I knocked, so I came in.  You
looked completely out of it so I stayed to watch. Do people really do things
you were muttering about, the things you said I was doing to you?"

        "Oh! Shit! Will you tell Mum and Dad?"

        "I don't think so. See you later"  Shelly turned, left my room closin
the door behind her.

        What the hell was I doing  fantasizing, about my sister like that? I
hoped that Shelly wouldn't say anything to Mum and Dad about it.

        Over the next few months Shelly sometimes looked at me, smiling, and
asking "How's the hobby?" Eventually she tired of getting  little response
from me, and stopped asking. My occasional girlfriends became more adventurous,
one allowed me to lick her out until she started to come. Another took me in
her mouth until I nearly came, and the used a tissue to finish. About 3 years
later, when I was 18 and Shelly turning 16, I got home from school and there
was a strange bike next to Shelly's by the garage. Mum met me as I came in.

        "Shelly's got a friend staying over tonight, get freshened up for
supper."

        I went upstairs for a quick wash, and changed into some better clothes,
shirt and slacks. Then I went down stairs for some food.

        Shelly and her friend were already at the table, Mum introduce Anne.

        "Hello Geoff, Shelly's being telling me so much about you."

        I looked over to Shelly, who just smiled at me.

        Anne was a little taller than Shelly, with shoulder length brown hair,
tied back in a ponytail. Comparing this stranger to my memories of my kid
sister I then realised how much Shelly had changed recently. Her figure had
filled out and she had grown her blonde hair long, also kept back. Anne was
wearing a loose sweat-shirt, but what little I could make out indicated she
was no less developed than Shelly.

        Throughout the meal, whenever I looked up, either Anne or Shelly were
looking at me with a smile. Memories of my dream kept crossing my mind, and my
dick started to stiffen in my slacks. I tried to rearrange my self, but did 
not succeed.

        Geoff, will you get the desert from the fridge?" asked Mum.

        I struggled to my feet concealing the obvious bulge, but when I
returned to the table both Shelly and Anne were staring at my crotch. While
we were eating Shelly nudged Anne who dropped something on the floor under
the table, she ducked down  to retrieve it. Moments later a hand ran along
my dick as it strain against my slacks, Anne then re-emerged slightly flushed
and smiled at me.

        As soon as I could I excused my self from the table, and got upstairs
to my room as quickly as I could. Eventually I went to bed, but couldn't sleep,
I started to masturbate to try to relieve some tension. As I was beginning to
get into the mood there was a gentle tap on my door, I hurried under the
bedclothes and asked "Who is it?"                 
        
        "Just me." Shelly answered opening the door. In the light from outside
could see that she was wearing a short, gauzy, baby-doll night-dress, then
another figure moved into the light beside her. It was Anne, and she was
wearing an identical night-dress. They both slipped into the room, Shelly
coming up to the bed and saying "We've just come to say goodnight, Big Brother.
We didn't see much off you after supper."

        Anne giggled at this, than  said "But we did see a lot of you at
supper!" This time I knew I wasn't dreaming.

        Shelly reached over, grabbed my sheets and yanked them away.

        "Ooh! It IS big!" gasped Anne, looking at my dick and Shelly. "Just
like you said it was."

        I tried to cover myself up with remaining bedclothes, but Shelly and
Anne were doing their best to pull them away. During the struggle I couldn't
help realising that I was right about how Shelly had changed. Her tits had
grown, her waist had lost any traces of puppy fat and her hips and butt had
widened nicely. Anne also had a marvellous figure, no longer disguised by
the sweat-shirt she had been wearing earlier. The baby-dolls were identical,
so Anne must have borrowed hers from Shelly, in fact  the pair of small,
white panties she was  wearing kept flashing into view as the hem rose up on
her longer body.
        
        Shelly looked me over, glanced at Anne and said "Well, it looks like
we're over dressed Anne." With that she pulled off her night-dress, the dim
light in the room highlighted a pair if hard nipples, and cast into shadow
the silky patch of hair between her legs. Anne seemed a little unsure at first,
but then slipped off her borrowed nightdress revealing a pair of tits with
wide aureole. Then she hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties and
turned away, bending over to pull them down, over her butt. Her pussy was
hidden in shadow until she turned back, to reveal a naked pussy.

        "I told you shaving would turn him on, look!" said Shelly grabbing
hold of my stiffening cock in her warm hand.

        Shelly then bent down, her tits grazing against my chest, and kissed
me. At first it was just a simple kiss, but as her nipples hardened with her
movements against my body, she began to slip the tip of her tongue into my
mouth. Anne walked over to the bed and sat near my feet, her hands resting on
my legs. Slowly she began to run her hands up and down my calves, each upward
stroke getting higher up my legs. As her hands neared my groin she leant
forward, her tits resting on my knees, and her cheek  just to the right of my
dick. I could feel the warm draft of her breath as she took hold of my cock in
her hands and began to roll it gently back and forth.

        My own hands moved as if by themselves up to Shelly, her nipples hard
on my palms as I cupped her tits. Slowly I began to massage her, rolling my
hands in circles. Shelly stopped kissing me and turned to Anne saying, "Does
he taste as good as he looks?"

        Anne pulled my cock to her mouth and ran her tongue up along it's
length, ending with a circling motion around the head. "Mmmm! Yes!" she
replied, "May be a little salty, but I like that." Then she placed her lips
over the head of my cock, and slowly bobbed her head down until she had taken
in a couple of inches.

        "My turn for some fun." said Shelly, she climbed onto the bed over me
facing Anne, kneeling astride my chest Slowly she backed until her pussy was
over my mouth, looking over her shoulder she said "You did this to me in your
fantasies, do it to me now." I ran my tongue along her slit tasting her, then
flicking up against her clit. Shelly's hands moved down my body to join Anne's
around my straining dick and cupping my balls.

        The extra sensations were too much for me, and my hips started to buck,
my cock slipped out of Anne's. She caught hold and start to pump her fist up
and down. My tonguing of Shelly's pussy speeding up in time to my thrusting
hips. I could feel Shelly starting to shake and push back against my mouth,
her pussy began pulsing around my tongue and flood my face with her juices.
Anne ran her tongue over the head of my cock once more, before taking it back
into her mouth. I thrust up twice, feeling myself slip further between her
lips as I came. My dick slid out of her mouth and I felt two tongues running
all over it, catching all my come.

        "You two have your turn, what about me?" asked Anne.

        "Lie down then and we'll see what we can do." replied Shelly, pulling
me up into a sitting position. Anne lay back and I leaned over and kissed her
deeply, tasting my own come in her mouth. I then started kissing down her neck
and onto her tits. My mouth covered her nipples, one after the other, pulling
on them until they started to stiffen. Then I rubbed one with the thumb and
forefinger of each hand.

        Meanwhile my sister was running her hands up and down the insides of
Anne's thighs, letting her fingers trail across her pussy.

        "Lick me, like when you shaved me this afternoon" begged Anne, her
hands reaching for Shelly's head. I watched as my sister ran her tongue along
Anne's pussy, swirling it around her clit as it became erect, the lips held
open with her left hand. Shelly reached down with her free hand and rubbed
between her legs, slipping a finger deep into herself.

        "Oh! Yes! That's right!" moaned Anne, as Shelly ran her fingers over
Anne's clit and her tongue up into her pussy. Seeing my sister giving head to
her friend while frigging herself made my dick stiffen up again. This time I
was going fuck one of these two girls. I gently moved Shelly's head away, and
opened up Anne's thighs. I positioned myself between them, lifting myself onto
my elbows, Shelly took hold of my cock and guided it towards Anne's wet hole,
holding her lips apart with her other hand.

        As soon as my dick touched the inside of her lips, Anne bucked upwards
forcing my cock into her. Shelly got of the bed, walked up to Anne's head and
whispered into her ear, Anne nodded, biting her bottom lip. I started to
thrust my hips back back and forth slipping deeper into Anne with each stroke
until I hit a barrier.

        "Oh! God! You're a virgin" I gasped.

        "Does that make a difference?" she grunted thrusting up hard, and
Shelly smacked me across my butt. I lunged forward, feeling the tightness
giveway and I sunk deep into Anne.

        "Aaaaaah!" she cried, "Keep going, you're in now. I want to feel you
come deep inside me!" Anne then continued to thrust up against me.

        My sister moved back to Anne's head, climbing onto the bed, her knees
on either side of Anne. Slowly she rubbed herself with her hands, slipping a
finger into her pussy, then a second finger. Anne reached up and pulled
Shelly's hand out and ran her tongue along Shelly's fingers, then she pulled
my sister down onto her face and proceeded to lick where Shelly had been
pleasuring herself.

        The view of Anne's tongue working between Shelly's legs while I was
fucking her caused on my second climax of the evening. As I came inside Anne,
Shelly groaned and fell back onto the pillows, gasping and Anne moaned as her
climax hit her.

        We all collapsed together on my bed, getting our breath back.

        "I've been waiting for that ever since Shelly told me about your hobby"
 Anne said, cuddling up behind me. Her arms around me in a gentle hug. "She
said that you had a thing for young girls in silky night-dresses. I didn't
really beleive her, at first, but now I know."

        "Well, it's alright for you two, but what about me?" asked Shelly,
"Don't I get a go?"

        "I think you'l have to work for your share" replied Anne caressing my
limp cock.

        "I'll see what I can do" answered my sister, pushing me onto my back.

        Anne knelt up on the bed and ran her hands all over my chest and
stomach, while my  sister knelt over my dick and started to lick her way up
and down. I reached up to play with both Anne's and my sister's tits, lifting
one girl's nipple  to rub against the other's.

        Anne then slipped  round and knelt over my face, Shelly had done on
mine and hers. I began to work my tongue around her pussy, the feel of her
hairless body different to the that of my sister's silky one.  Shelly then
also knelt over me, and grasped my stiffened cock in one hand, lowering
herself onto me, I slid up into her well moistened pussy. Again I felt the
tightness of a virgin, but the thought of fucking my own virgin sister while
her friend rode my tongue spurred me on. I thrust up with my hips, pulling
Shelly's waist down with both hands, and burst through.

        "Mmmm! Ooooh!" Shelly gasped pushing down against my upthrusts. Anne
reached forward, her arms around Shelly, pulling her forward. Their tits
rubbing against each other as Anne kissed Shelly deeply, their tongues working
in each other's mouths. My thrusting became more urgent, as I came deep inside
my sister, but my cock stayed hard as I watched the two girls together.
        
        I started thrusting up again, and working my tongue deeper into Anne's
pussy, the girls breathing turned into gasps of pleasure as I felt Shelly's
pussy walls clench around my cock and Anne's around my tongue. The waves of
pleasure from my dick intensified and I came a second time inside my sister
as both Anne and Shelly reached their orgasms.

        We then slowly drifted off to sleep in each others' arms. In the
morning Anne and Shelly slipped back to their room to get dressed for
breakfast. As they left Shelly said " Mum said that Anne can come on holiday
with us this year, if you didn't mind"

        "Mind? I'd love her to come! Just as long as we can repeat last night."

        "That's why I asked Mum this afternoon, but I thought that we would
have to wait until then."

        "But when we saw your cock at supper, we knew that we couldn't wait"
said Anne

        So that's how I ended up fucking my sister and her friend, now I
couldn't wait for our summer holiday with Anne. I'll let you know how that
turned out later. 
