Hi all,

Today something has happened that I have been wanting to do for twenty
years. No, I did not meet a girl who liked me.

A good friend from the Net had provided me with a true gift of friendship.
She had spent some time looking for the exact thing I wanted, bought it,
tried it, used it herself, and finally mailed it over the ocean to me.
What? Precisely! She had bought me a true, original, real world normal
short skirt. Yes I know this is booooring, but for me, it really means
something. Finally I am done with makeshift skirts made out of old night
ties or other throwaways. I have always wanted to wet myself for real,
wearing a real skirt. And this time, I even knew for sure that the skirt
had already been tried and found suitable by a girl, so it couldn't go
wrong...

So when everybody was away, I drank six cups of chamomile tea, put on some
old pair of panties, placed the usual plastic bag that prevents me from
staining the whole front of the skirt (I'm proud of this invention) and
swapped my pants for the skirt. It has an elastic waist band and reaches
down to just above my knees. This gives me ample opportunity to either part
my legs (the skirt is very, very wide) or squat down just before I wet
myself. In both ways, the skirt won't touch my panties or the ground, and I
am completely safe. My friend has tested both poses as well and she
confirms that nothing happened while doing it.

Dressed for action, I went to my computer and brushed up my latest story,
that probably will get finished next week or so (I need to climb a hill
because I am up to something which I am not too familiar with, neither in
stories nor in reality). After one hour, I really felt my bladder
protesting, so I went downstairs and entered the garden. On my favourite
spot I just spread my legs and looked down to my skirt. It flowed nicely
around my thighs and I believed my friend on her word that it would work
this way. Even while I thought that the wide pleats would hang between my
legs a bit.

So then I let it come. I am very experienced in this, so I don't have to
wait indefinitely to get one drop in my panties. When I wear a skirt, I can
go in my underwear any time. Within seconds, I felt it coming. Around me
were all the normal sounds of a densely populated area, but I knew I was
secure from view on my spot in the garden, and I hoped nobody would come
home during the next quarter of an hour. The skirt was clearly noticeable
against my legs; after all, it is not one of my very light fabric
makeshifts. It is warm and cozy and really feels like a garment. I was
fully clothed, socks, shoes, sweater, skirt, panties... If I had been a
girl, I could have stepped out onto the street and walk up to the sand box
and talk to the children and walk around the corner of the bushes and stand
over there for a minute. But I couldn't. I could just stand on my favourite
spot in the garden, with my legs apart and my hands in my sides, and look
down to my own skirt. Three houses further on, a girl laughed. My skirt
waved a bit in the wind. A dog barked. And then the wonder happened. I
slowly started to wee in my panties, under a real skirt, just as my friend
had done under the same skirt a few weeks earlier.

Well, I don't need to tell you how this feels, because we all know. It was
marvellous. I thoroughly wetted my panties for about two minutes (not
continuously, but in three firm spurts and one long gush) and then spent
another minute dripping out, still with my legs apart and while not
touching my skirt at all. My friend was right: nothing happened to my
skirt. Everything fell down exactly like it should, from the middle bottom
of my panties, right between my legs, and only my right sock got a bit wet
because of a trickle down my right leg. Finally I dared to move. I walked a
few steps and squatted to squeeze my panties, and then, still dripping a
bit, I went inside. Feeling my skirt brushing my legs with clearly
noticeable wet panties around my bum was a delight I'll never forget. In
front of the mirror I hiked up my skirt to look at my panties.

Much to my delight, I now had reference material to compare them to. My
friend had sent me some video clips showing girls going into their panties
under little skirts, and what I was looking at right now came absolutely
very close. Apart from that bulge, that is. But I am now finally capable of
wetting myself The Real Way: like a girl.

So I dropped my skirt again. Absolutely no stain wherever, and the thick
fabric wouldn't have showed it even if I would have sit down on it. My
friend had made the perfect choice. Normally I would have liked to walk
around for a few hours this way, wetting myself once in a while and
enjoying the freedom a skirt gives you. But now I had a time constraint and
I needed to be quick. Thus I put my left hand up my skirt and cupped the
front of my panties, rubbing gently. With my legs apart as if wetting
myself, hiding my flat hand under my skirt, I got over the top in about a
minute. With my knees buckling, I experienced the best orgasm in months.
Afterwards, I cleaned up and put everything away again, waiting for the
next occasion.

Pity men are not allowed to wear skirts. It is such nice weather here, I
could wear a skirt or dress all the time and walk a block every few hours.
How unfair... many girls here *do* wear a dress or skirt and walk a block
every few hours...    :-)

Thinking of the CDA bill trying to forbid this type of innocent but very
useful and mind-easing communications makes me mad. I've always thought
that the USA was quite hypocritical, but now I know for sure. Blocking
interpersonal traffic while selling automatic fire arms to madmen on every
street corner makes me think of certain states in history.

Hell, next week they'll forbid cheerleaders because they are too arousing.

Ah well, they are   :-)

Tinker
