
                                  Reawakening
                                  -----------

              The last traces of a dream faded away as Leanne awoke to
         see sunlight streaming in the window of her fifth-floor room
         in residence.  Rubbing the sleep out of her eyes, she looked
         at the clock.  11:00.  Yeah, she thought, it's about time to
         get up.  She swung her feet down and stood on the cold tile
         floor.  Reaching up towards the ceiling, she arched her back
         and stretched.  She had the lithe body of a dancer - light
         and flexible, yet well-toned and strong.  In fact, in her
         freshman year she had been on the University's dance team,
         and the men at the party last night had all complimented her
         on how well she danced.  Of course, though, males always
         tended to say nice things to her, as she was a very attract-
         ive young woman and made for pleasant company.  Her crystal-
         clear blue eyes sparkled when she smiled, and she had never
         been lacking for male company ever since the time nearly a
         decade ago when boys and girls began to find each other to be
         interesting.  Still, she had yet to find that one special man
         she'd been trying to find for so long now.

              Sleepily, she collected her soap, shampoo and towel and
         made her way towards the bathroom.  The residence was quiet -
         nearly deserted, actually.  Most of the other girls had gone
         home for the weekend; in fact, she and her roommate were
         among only about ten on the whole floor who were still at
         school that weekend.  Entering the washroom, she discovered
         that someone had left the window partway open, allowing the
         cold winter air to fill the room.  Oh well, she thought as
         she closed the window, a nice long, hot shower will chase the
         coldness away.

              Despite the warmth rising from where the stream of water
         struck the floor of the shower, the cold air struck her body
         as she stepped into the shower and pulled the curtain closed.
         A strange feeling swept through her body as her nipples be-
         came erect in the chill air.  She turned her head, and her
         long, wavy blonde hair passed in front of her left breast.
         Her hair brushed across her nipple, and she gasped involun-
         tarily as the sensation shot like a bolt of lightning through
         her body, from her nipple across to the other one and down,
         ending up between her thighs.  Swinging her hair out of the
         way, she looked down at her breasts.  Small, rounded and
         firm, they glistened as the water from the shower rained down
         upon them.  Her erect nipples attracted her attention, and
         she gently caressed the left one with her hand.  As it stiff-
         ened under her touch, she felt a wave of pleasure run down
         her spine.  She closed her eyes as she softly rubbed her aur-
         eola with her thumb.  With her other hand, she encircled her
         right breast and, pressing gently against it, felt the firm
         resistance.

              Her attention returned to her left nipple.  She began to
         tease it, squeezing it between thumb and forefinger, pulling
         on it until her fingers slipped off, pressing it into her
         breast, as the feelings running up and down her body slowly
         but steadily intensified.  She rubbed the wet nipple with her
         thumb, gently at first and then more vigourously, and began
         to do the same to her right nipple as well.  Feelings were
         stirring, feelings she hadn't experienced since that night so
         long ago with Rich.  It was the night when she had lost her
         virginity, and so far the only time she had slept with a man.
         She felt an awakening of the desires that had been dormant
         for so long, buried deep within her soul ever since she broke
         up with him a couple of weeks later.

              Her left hand slid slowly down her stomach, tracing the
         pattern of kisses he had planted so tenderly on that evening
         of discovery.  Down her hand went, past her belly button and
         on to the mat of her pubic hair.  As her fingers reached the
         mound of her labia, a wave of excitement travelled through
         her body, and she felt her nipples tense up beneath her other
         hand.  She brought it down to join in the exploration, and
         gently pulled the lips apart.  With one finger, she gingerly
         touched her clitoris.  Her knees weakened, and she nearly
         cried out as the long-lost sensation flooded her mind and re-
         fused to leave, a refusal for which she was very grateful.

              Her breathing became faster and shallower as she toyed
         with her clitoris, as she had earlier done with her nipples.
         She inserted a finger from the hand holding her lips apart
         into her vagina and began to wiggle it around as she contin-
         ued to stimulate her clitoris.  Deeper and deeper she probed,
         as far as her finger would reach into her warm interior, as
         the powerful sensations grew stronger moment by moment.  As
         she inserted a second finger, she felt herself coming nearer
         to the climax, and increased the pace of her stimulation.
         Soon, the muscles of her vagina tensed up, and she felt like
         she was riding the crest of a huge wave.  She prayed nobody
         would hear her as the ecstasy broke over her whole body; it
         was all she could do to prevent herself from screaming out.

              The orgasm seemed to last forever, and she only realized
         it had ended when she felt the pain from biting her tongue so
         hard start to penetrate the layers of pleasure sweeping
         through her senses.  Opening her mouth to relieve the pain,
         she removed her fingers from her vagina and brought them to
         her tongue to taste her own juices.  She was surprised that
         she liked the taste - she'd always thought it would taste un-
         pleasant.  She licked as much off her fingers as she could,
         one finger at a time, and then proceeded with the shower she
         had been just about to start ... it seemed so long ago.

              The bathroom door opened just as she got out of the
         shower, and another girl walked in.  "Good morning, Leanne!"

              "Oh, hi Liz."  It was her roommate.  "Did you have fun
         at Mark's place last night?" she said with a wicked grin.

              "Yeah, we rented a couple of movies.  Didn't get to see
         much of them, though." Liz replied with an embarrassed smile.
         "You look flushed ... are you feeling okay?"

              "What?  Oh, uh, yeah, I'm fine.  I just had a long, hot
         shower, that's all."

              "By the way, Steve called a couple of minutes ago.  He
         thought you might like to go see a movie or something to-
         night."

              "Yeah, I think I do."  Leanne walked slowly back to her
         room, a hint of a smile on her lips.

                                --- THE END ---
