

  Here we were again, as always it had been too long since we had been
together, as always we had missed each other so much that we literally
ached to be together, and as always the first few minutes seemed just a
little awkward.  I guess it will always be that way as long as we are
forced to meet at motels because we are married, and not to each other.
  It had been about three months since we had been able to arrange any
time together and I was a little surprised when she took her coat off
after we got into the room.   Was it just  lust,  or was she looking
especially good today?	I decided there was indeed something different,
Rebecca had apparently been working out. The more I looked the more I
liked what I saw, little did I know that I had more surprises coming.
We started to make the usual small talk to help us relax and work our
way into what we had come for, but as she turned away from me and walked
toward the bathroom she kind of flaunted her ass at me a little and that
was the end of the small talk.	I was standing behind her with my arms
around her before she had gone three steps.  Rebecca has a really nice
set of tits and I wasted no time getting reacquainted with them, I had
one in each hand as I pressed my rapidly growing cock against her ass.
This is one of my favorite positions, it just seems to give me the best
access to everything I love the most.  As I began to kiss her neck and
nibble on her ear lobe, I let my hands wonder over her body.  I moved
down across her flat belly to her pubic mound which she quickly pushed
forward to meet my touch and increase the pressure.  Things were moving
too quickly, and visions of me laying there on the bed with a limp dick
twenty minutes from now trying to get it up again were going through my
head.  I wanted a lot more than that.  I backed off and assumed a very
dominant posture, I told Rebecca in a commanding voice " strip " and
waited to see her reaction. At first she got a puzzled look on her
face, then as she realized what was going on she flushed a little and
I could tell that she was into it.
  She slowly pulled her sweater up and over her head, then stopped as
if she wanted me too order her to continue, I kind of liked the idea
myself.  "Loose the pants" I barked at her.  She tried to fake a hurt
expression, with about as much success as I was having at sounding
like I was in control, then she kicked her shoes off and began to slide
her pants down.  Rebecca knows that I am an ass man, and just to tease
me she turned away from me and bent all the way over to remove her pants
from her ankles.  Having her ass right there in front of me, within
reach, almost turned me from the " master " into a sniveling wimp,
but I was able to recover.  When she stood up and turned around I
was treated to another surprise.  What I had only seen the top of at
first was a very sexy white teddy, (another favorite of mine).	By this
time I was experiencing severe pain from my cock straining against my
jeans.	She started to remove the teddy but I said " stop, come over
here and take my pants off ".  She glanced down at my crotch and I saw
a slight smile come to her face then she got back into character and
asked " do I have to ",  " do it now!"  I said, I was really starting
to enjoy this.	Rebecca came over and got on her knees in front of me,
she unbuckled my belt, opened the button and slid my zipper down then
stopped.  " I don't want to do this " she said.  This time when I said
" do it! " it was hard even for me to tell how much of the voice was
real and how much was fake.  She proceeded to pull my pants down, no
easy task with the way my cock was straining against them. As she leaned
over to push them down past my knees, her head " accidentally " brushed
against my throbbing cock.  The sensation was so intense that my knees
almost gave out right there on the spot.  When I had to step out of my
jeans I took the opportunity to move over and sit down on the bed.  She
started to follow but I stopped her, "get the chair and bring it over
here in front of me" I told her pointing at the small stuffed chair
in the corner.	While she was getting the chair I finished getting
undressed except for my underwear.
  Rebecca stood beside the chair in front of me waiting for my next
order.	The look on her face told me that she was really into our
little game and she was getting hotter by the minute.  "Come over here
and take my underwear off" she started reaching for my underwear,
" with your teeth " I added.  That brought a bit of a hesitation, but
she proceed to grab them, with her teeth, and started pulling them
down.  Of course, just to return the torture she grabbed them directly
above my cock so that as she pulled down it rubbed over her nose, then
her forehead, then through her hair.   She will never know how close
she came to sperm shampoo at that point!!!
This task complete, she remained there on her knees in anticipation of
what would come next.  The next thing I did was take a few deep breaths
to calm down, I made her wait without saying a word.  " Come here and
kiss my cock ", it was the obviously the next step and she had planned
for it.  " Oh No " she said " I can't do that ", " do it!" I said,
" no, nice girls don't do that."  As she spoke her voice took on the
very innocent sound of a young girl. ( a couple more deep breaths )
" Then you'll have to be punished, stand in front of me, turn around
bend over and put your elbows on the seat of the chair " she did not
even play at resistance.  Within seconds her ass was directly in my
face, covered only by the thin fabric of the teddy which she still
wore.  "Spread your legs more" again immediate compliance.  I reached
up and pulled the material at the leg bands up and to the middle so
that it rode up the crack of her ass.	Slap... slap... I delivered
two light but firm strokes to her right ass cheek, slap... slap...
I gave her a matching pair on the left side.  "Are you going to do
as I say?" , " no " was her reply, much to my surprise.


Slap...slap... slap... slap... and she had another full set of somewhat
heavier strokes.  " Same question " I said.  "NO"  is what came out
of her mouth, but what was in her voice was more than "no", the tone
of her voice was telling me please don't stop!!!    This I had not
expected, but I was more than happy to follow the path wherever it led.
After several minutes of this her cheeks were beginning to develop a
bit of a glow and she was still holding out for more.  My slaps were
becoming more of an excuse to put my hand on her and play with her
ass than anything else, and finally I just took a cheek in each hand
and manipulating and probing at will.  I felt a little sorry for the
way pain I had inflicted on her tender ass, in spite of the fact that
I believe she had a small orgasm while I was doing it, so I leaned
forward and lightly kissed her on the right cheek.   YOU WOULD HAVE
THOUGHT I HAD HIT HER WITH A CATTLE PROD.  She jumped, then pushed
back hard against my face.  I continued to kiss and suck on both of
her ass cheeks, the rougher I got the louder she groaned and the harder
she pushed back against me.  I sensed that she was building toward a
serious orgasm.  I reached under her and started rubbing her tits
which were hanging there begging for attention, again an increase in
tempo.	By the time I felt her start to quiver and her breath was coming
in short gasps I was biting her ass and pulling roughly at her nipples.
Just as she went over the top I sank my teeth into her left ass cheek
hard enough that I left a significant mark and she shuddered so hard
she fell to her knees in front of me with her head still resting on
the chair.
  The sight of her on the floor combined with what had just happened
was more than I could handle.  I lifted her slightly and pulled her
teddy down and off, then I lifted her again sat on the chair and said
simply " suck me ", that's all I could think to say, it was the only
thing  on my mind.  When she started to slide back into the character
she was playing I wrapped my fingers in her hair and forced her mouth
down over my cock.  I continued to hold her head and set my own pace
as I literally began fucking her mouth.  Within a matter of one or two
minutes I delivered into her throat what had to have been the worlds
largest load of cum, I didn't think I was ever going to stop.  Now one
thing about Rebecca that I should mention, in spite of the act she
was putting on she loves to suck cock, and she is VERY good at it.
With that in mind it may be more easy to understand that as I lay
there in the chair recovering, she never stopped sucking.  While the
head of my dick was still so sensitive she couldn't touch it, she
licked and sucked my balls, then after a few minutes she worked her
way up my shaft, and finally by the time she was back to the head
of my cock again, I was fully erect and ready for more action.	It
was a good thing I was because if I hadn't been I think she would
have started without me.  I told her to lay on the bed face down
with her knees on the floor.  She quickly got into position and I
moved up from behind her.  She was so hot and wet that I easily
entered her tight little pussy and I had soon set up a nice slow
rhythm.  I reached around and started gently working on her clitoris.
I love to do this but I know that the I could never do it as well
as she could do herself so I took her hands and brought them down
and pushed her fingers into her pussy.	She started to resist half
heartedly and said " no, you do it "  I gave her a brisk slap on her
still pink ass and said  " I want you to do it ", reluctantly at first
she started fingering her sensitive little clit, but as I continued
to slide in and out of her and gather speed, she lost any remaining
inhibitions she may have had.  In a deep but soft voice she said
" my ass.... please!! my ass."  Remembering how she had enjoyed being
spanked I gave her a firm swat on the ass. " NO !" she said " I want
to feel your cock in my ass,.... please, fuck my ass??? "  Well I
was completely taken off guard because we had never done that before,
but as I said, I was willing to follow the path wherever it led.
I pulled my cock out of her sopping wet pussy and positioned it at
her ass.  I asked her, "are you sure? " " yes! do it now please!!!"
I slowly started pushing forward and I was surprised that her tight
little ring opened easier than I thought it would to accept me.  I
continued my slow push forward, pausing only to pull out and spread
more of her pussy juice on my cock to ease the way.  Soon I was
buried in her up to my balls and picking up speed.  The harder I
gave it to her the harder she pushed back, until soon I could not
resist the sucking heat of her asshole and unloaded my second huge
load of the night. On my final thrust I felt her entire body tense
and her then go limp under me.
  A quick look at the clock after we had recovered some of our
strength told me that we had just enough time left for a shower
and a few minutes of snuggling before we would both have to leave
to get back to our families.  The memory of this evening might
have to last several months until we could meet again,
      I knew it would.


