Archive-name: Changes/rebirth.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Rebirth


1. A winter's morning.

        Jimmy awoke to the sound of his hated alarm clock, which read 5:30
AM. He hated delivering newspapers, almost as much as he hated cold winter 
mornings. He peeked through the small window above his bed. From the ice
collecting around its edges he could tell that this would be a particularly
bad day. As it was, he was a rather smallish eleven year old, and his tiny
body would have a terrible time dragging those newspapers up and down those
hilly streets. "Damn it," he cursed under his breath, "the icy streets won't
even allow me to use my bicycle." He hurried his 90 pound frame into the 
bathroom. Standing only 4'4" tall, he had to strain to comb his shoulder
length dark hair in the mirror. He quickly pulled on some jeans and left for
work.

        After walking down to the station to pick up the newspapers, he 
headed to his usual route. He noted that a new house, a Mr. and Mrs. Mavin,
was added to his list. Their house seemed far out of his way, so he
decided to visit it last. By the time he arrived at the Mavin residence it 
was around 6:30 AM. He was dead tired and all he wanted was to empty his
bladder. As usual he forgot to piss before leaving. This fact was not lost on
him as he made his way to the door. He put the paper down on the place mat
when he heard some noise in the house. He needed to go to the bathroom so
badly!!!  Against his better judgment he decided to knock on the door to ask
permission to use the bathroom. He made his way to the door and tapped it
lightly. He heard no response and was about to turn away when someone twisted
the knob. He turned around to find a quizzical young lady of about 12 looking
at him. "AAA.. Hi, I'm Jimmy, your paper delivery boy, I was wandering if I
could use your restroom?" She smiled at him and said: "Sure, but come in 
quickly, or I'll freeze to death." Relieved, he made his way in when she 
grabbed him by the hand and led him down the corridor to a small room. "What
you want is in there," she said with a sarcastic tone. She opened the door,
and before he could move she shoved him in and locked the door.

        He was scared to death. He could not believe he had fallen into this
trap after all the times he had been warned not to be careful when dealing
with strangers. But she looked so sweet, so friendly. He wanted to scream,
but something held him back. It was as if he was pushing against a wall that
would not give. He became aware that going to the bathroom was no
longer a problem, as he felt a warm stream running down his legs. In his 
short and protected life this was by far his most embarrassing moment. If he
knew a little more about the ways of the world he would have been far more
fearful than he was at the moment. To Jimmy this was just another game. Any
second the girl would come in and let him out. Any second now... He cuddled
up like a ball and waited.

2. Hopeless?

        Jimmy woke up to discover that he had been cuffed and restricted.
"I must have been asleep for hours," he thought to himself. "Hello, is
anyone here?", he squealed through his fear muffled throat. He then
realized that he was no longer in the room he was in before. He decided that
he must have been moved while he was asleep. "Why are they doing this to
me?" "Have I done anything wrong?" Suddenly, a light flickered on above his
head. He squinted his eyes, trying to alleviate his discomfort. From behind
him he felt a pair of hands free him from his constraints. He tried to jump
to his feet, but was unable to do so as his legs were stiff and cramped. 
"Relax Jimmy, you have nothing to be afraid of..." said an unfamiliar but
distinctly male voice behind him. He also heard a girlish giggle behind him.
He turned around to see three people. One was the girl who had let him in
earlier. Next to her were standing a couple he assumed to be Mr. and Mrs.
Mavin. He assessed the three. In the light, which still hurt his eyes, he
was able to make out the features of his captures. The man was about 5'6",
muscular, with receding dark hair, and appeared to be in his mid forties. 
The girl seemed to be somewhat younger than he assessed earlier, maybe 11,
maybe 10. She had long blond hair which carried down to her behind. Her green
eyes, pouty mouth and curvaceous figure would have made most men cream in 
their pants, but Jimmy was too young and too scared to notice such things. 
What he did notice was that she was somewhat shorter than him, about 4'2".
The older woman was slightly obscured by her husband, but Jimmy could still 
make out her outline. She had more than a slight resemblance to his mother.
She looked about 40 and slightly plump, but not overly so. She noticed him
looking at her and smiled in a manner that calmed him down somewhat. She made
her way towards him and offered her hand. "Are you OK Jimmy?, I hope Elaine
did not push you too hard." "Aaah, I'm ok..." he returned, but was too
confused to add anything more. The woman turned to her daughter. "Elaine,
could you run to the kitchen and fetch me a glass of lemonade." The young
girl smiled and rushed out of the room. Once more, the woman turned to him
and spoke up. "Jimmy, I know that you are confused and scared, but let me 
assure you that we only want what's best for you. As long as you do what we
tell you no harm will come to you, OK?" Jimmy snapped back: "What do you want
from me? Please let me go." It was the man's turn to speak. "Jimmy, we want 
you to feel safe, but understand that you must NEVER, EVER question anything
we tell you to do. Otherwise, we would have to punish you." Jimmy, whose
personality had been subdued to begin with, was far to scared to offer any
resistance. "Ahh, OK Mr. Mavin." The man grinned at him. "That's great Jimmy.
I think that you will like it here, but let's get something straight. I'm not
Mr. Mavin, and this is not Mrs. Mavin. You see Jimmy, Mr. and Mrs. Mavin are
currently on vacation in Florida and have no idea what happened here. You 
see Jimmy, my wife Michelle works at a ticket reservation office. She knew
that Mr. and Mrs. Mavin would not be here because she was the one who arranged
their vacation. As far as they know, nothing ever happened here. " Jimmy
tried to speak out, but the man cut him off. "I am not finished yet Jimmy.
You see Jimmy, this was planed out well in advance. We came in during the
night, waited for you to come, snatched you and left in the middle of the
night. As far as anyone knows, we were never here." He spotted the puzzled
look on Jimmy's face. "Yes Jimmy, you were out for much, much longer than 
you think. Three days to be exact. You are now many miles away from home.
We watched the news yesterday. The police decided that you ran away when they
couldn't figure out what happened to you. So, I would not get my hopes
up if I were you, since I don't think that you will ever, ever get away 
from here." 

        Just as Jimmy was about to stage a protest Elaine arrived with the
glass of lemonade. Jimmy thought about refusing the offer, but he was too
thirsty and emotionally tired to offer any resistance. He reached out to 
Elaine, and she handed him the glass which he emptied in a hurry. Michelle
sensed his nervousness and placed her arm around him, giving him a motherly
hug. He tried to shake her off, but even on his best days he would not have
been strong enough to fight her off. She persisted and even tightened her
grip on him. Slowly, his alarm was fading away. Michelle now drew him closer
to her and was beginning to rub his back. His head was growing light, as the
"lemonade" was taking its toll on him. When she was sure that he was totally
out, Michelle placed him on a mattress her husband dragged in. She brought
her lips to Jimmy's and planted a more than motherly kiss on them. "Sleep
well, Jennifer," she whispered to Jimmy, "You will love being here." Her 
husband reached down and helped her up. "Don't rush it angel, we have the
rest of his life." They left the room leaving Elaine behind them. She took
a long look at him and sighed. "She's so beautiful" As she left she locked
the door behind her, leaving the boy to his drug induced sleep. Far, far
away, Jimmy was fighting dragons and playing hoops. The last few innocent
moments of childhood. Sooner than later he would grow up, but in a far 
different manner than he ever imagined.

3. Am I still me?

        Jimmy spent several weeks getting acquainted with his surroundings.
He was not sure where he was, but it sure wasn't home. The house was located
in a wooded area, far removed from anyone or anything. His only solace was
the nintendo machine which he played for several hours a day. They were so
far away from any town or city that television was not much of an option,
though every once in a while a faint signal would come in. However, what
did come through was mostly snow forecasts and religious programming, nothing
to stimulate the mind of a young boy.

        The one thing that he found comforting was the treatment afforded
him by the members of the house. Michelle and Elaine treated him very kindly.
So much so, that he was beginning to feel attached to them. Alex, the man
of the house, also showed him considerable affection. Nevertheless, there
was something quite perplexing about the way he was treated by everyone.
There was a lot of hugging, far too much for his taste. As a matter of fact,
all of them, but especially Michelle, kissed him constantly. It sort of
puzzled him, but he did not give it much thought. Other things did make him
wonder, especially the way they addressed him and made him address them.
Instead of using his God given name, they referred to him as "sweetheart",
"baby", or, of all things, Jeniffer. Initially, he put up some resistance,
but this only brought him scorn from Alex and sad stares from Michelle and
Elaine. Eventually he gave in and submitted to their wishes, and in time he
did start to identify himself as Jennifer. As his old identity was being
washed away, a new one was beginning top form, one which was quite
fascinating to him and one which was given to him by his adoptive family.
Nevertheless, as he was adapting to his new persona, he was beginning to 
fell very, very lonely. This was not lost on Michelle and Alex. For their
plans to succeed, they needed to have their little Michelle as happy and
content as possible.

        One day, about three months after he arrived, Michelle sat Jennifer
down on her knees. "Jennifer," she said, "you know how much you mean to
Alex and me." "I... guess so," he responded unsure of himself. Michelle 
reached down and started to rub Jennifer's inner thigh. Jennifer was 
beginning to feel quite warm, but not in a bad sort of way. He continued to
listen to Michelle as she continued to speak. "You know Jenny honey, me
and Alex know what's troubling you." "You do?" Jennifer asked her with 
widening eyes. "Of course, you need someone to talk to, a friend near to
you age." Jennifer felt happier than he felt in months. "HHHow did you
know?" he asked. The bait was taken and now it was Michelle's job to reel
the catch in. "Jenny, don't you think I know what's it like to be a little
girl like you?" Jennifer was visibly puzzled. "What do you mean 'little girl
like me'? I am a boy, not a girl!!!" Michelle's eyes were beginning to tear.
"Jennifer, you are only making it harder on us. You see Jenny, not all boys
become men, some stay boys and some become women." Jennifer was now looking
quite disturbed. He was quite naive to the world, but this literally blew
his mind away. "You... you mean I'm going to become a woman???" Michelle
took a few seconds before answering, all the while inching her hand higher
up Jennifer's thigh. "Jennifer, about a year ago, your parents knew that
you were becoming a woman. They couldn't deal with it, so they called us. You
see Jennifer, we are here to help you make the transition from boy to girl."
Jennifer was stunned, he could not believe his parents would just give him
away. Michelle anticipated Jennifer's reaction and spoke first. "I know you
think your parents don't want you anymore, but it's just not true. Your 
parents love you very much, which is why they allowed us to take you. The
fake kidnapping, the newspaper route, it was all their idea. It would have
been impossible for you to make the change from boy to girl back home. I 
mean, your friends would have teased you and beat you up. They had to give
you up. The reason I am telling you all this is that your parents asked us
one favor before giving you up. They said that after three months you had
the choice of staying with us or going to another family. It's up to you
now sweetheart, us or someone else." Her hand was now rubbing his little
penis slowly, making him altogether confused. Three months ago, he would have
killed to escape these people. Now the thought of leaving them left him 
visibly distressed. "III.. I don't want to leave you but I miss my parents."
Michelle was now jerking his penis up and down, caressing his hair with her
other hand, massaging his shoulders. "Jennifer, we all have to grow up, and
now you must grow up. I you stayed with your parents you could never make the
transition. You would stay a little boy all your life, and you would be alone
and very miserable. Let us help you become a woman." As she finished saying
her piece she brought her mouth to his and separated his lips with her
tongue. Her right hand forced him to her, while her left hand was bringing 
him to a climax. She kept whispering in his ear, "Be my girl, be my baby."
Waves of pleasure were hitting Jennifer, and suddenly he climaxed. His mouth
opened up, and all he could say was "YES, YES, YES." At that very moment,
Jimmy died and Jennifer was born anew. Michelle smiled at her. "Jennifer,
my beautiful, beautiful girl." 

4. Sweet sisters.

        Michelle left the room and returned with a moist towel, wiping off 
the remains of Jennifer's first orgasm. She picked up Jennifer's 90 LB figure 
and carried her to bed. She spent the next 15 minutes baby talking Jennifer
to sleep. When Jennifer finally drifted off, she stepped outside and shut the
door. She walked into the kitchen where her husband and daughter awaited her.
Elaine spoke out first. "Did he buy it mommy?" "Sure did," answered Michelle.
"You know Elaine, sweetheart, sometime you are smarter than both me and your
father combined. I mean, how did you figure out he would fall for that." 
"Easy mom," responded Elaine, "after all, deep down all boys want to believe
that someone needs them, loves them. All we had to do is to convince him that
he belonged here. Now, he not only loves us, he trusts us." Suddenly, Alex
spoke up. "I don't care about all your psychological mumbo jumbo. I want to
know when I be able to fuck her sweet ass." Elaine and Michelle stared him
down coldly. Elaine spoke up first. "Daddy, I want to use her too, but we
must take our time so as not to give her any reasons to doubt what we tell
her. Anyway daddy, don't you like MY ass any more?" Her father's eyes left
her no doubts as to what was the answer. Michelle spoke next. "Alex darling,
we have the rest of her precious life to ourselves." With that, she led her
husband to their bedroom and closed the door, leaving Elaine to her thoughts.
As she sat there Elaine said to herself: "Well Elaine, you finally got your
girlfriend, so don't fuck this up." She reached for the pack of Virginia
Slims on the counter top, drew out a cigarette and placed it between the
corner of her lips. She lit it up and took a deep drag. How sweet it was,
how sweet it was. She took one last drag and blew out a cloud of smoke, 
which she took a minute to admire. Her decided to give her overworked brain
a well deserved rest and went to watch a few Porno tapes, it was not lost on
her that for one of the world's smartest 10 year old, she was certainly one
of the horniest. She decided to skip the videos and made her into her
parent's bedroom, where the groaning and moaning belied what was taking place.
She would have some fun that night...

        Jennifer's sleep was too deep for her to notice the moaning and
groaning going on only a few rooms away. Often Jennifer was chided by her
parents for her gullibility. Today it was her saving grace, allowing her
to make a smooth transition to a new life. But in her dreams, not all was
flowing smoothly. She kept picturing herself in dresses, like little dolls
in display windows. Fancy faces and frilly dresses. She understood nothing of
it, but overriding everything was the urge to find an identity. One moment
he was Jimmy, the neighborhood punching bag, the next moment she was Jennifer,
the daughter of Alex and Michelle. She felt herself falling and woke up. She
was about to try and fall back asleep when she noticed she was not alone in
bed. She turned around to see Elaine's naked body next to hers. He was
flushed with embarrassment, seeing as she was never this close to a girl her
own age before, much less a nude one. In his confused state she had forgotten
all about her encounter with Michelle the night before. Jennifer was about to
turn around when she felt Elaine's chilly hand on her ass. Startled she spun
a full 180 degrees, putting her face to face with the young girl. "How is my
new sister doing?" asked Elaine. Realizing that she was the one being talked
to, Jennifer managed a squeally giggle. Realizing her discomfort, and taking
full advantage of it, Elaine moved her hand to cover Jennifer's mouth,
drawing circles around her lips. Elaine knew full well that Jennifer was
quite clueless about her new life, her new role. Just as aspiring actors 
learn by watching films of old masters, it was up to Elaine to break Jennifer
into her role. 

        Elaine brought her mouth to Jennifer's, using her tongue to smooth
her path. To an outsider it might look as though they were kissing, but in
fact it was all Elaine's handy work, as Jennifer was far too stunned to do
much of anything. She felt the power of the little girl next to her, the
wondering tongue, the pouty lips pressed to hers. She was also overcome by
the last remaining hints of the cigarette Elaine smoked a few hours earlier.
Seeing that the getting was not as good as the giving, Elaine realized that
she was moving too fast for the poor girl next to her and thus broke off the
kiss. Jennifer tried to say something clever, but all she could muster up
was "You smoke?" This cracked Elaine up. Here was a girl literally raped
and this was all she could come up with. She decided not to press the issue
and answered with a straight face "Yeah. I've been smoking for three years
now." Jennifer was stunned. She remembered when her father beat up her
brother when he found a cigarette on him. She queried "Don't your parents
mind?" "My mother gave me my first cigarette when I was five, and I was
hooked from day one. You too will start smoking pretty soon too, but that
will have to wait." This was too much for Jennifer. This girl, only slightly
older than him, seemed to be completely in control while he was uncertain of
anything. "Why did you call me sister before?" posed Jennifer. Elaine saw
this as a perfect opportunity to press her point. "Mom and dad told me about
your little problem. We all think that the best thing would be for me to
make sure that you become a girl as soon as possible. So we decided to adopt
you as their daughter and my new sister." She swept Jennifer's long hair off
hair face and smiled. "How do you like your new sister, Jenny?" Her last
remark was stated without a trace of irony, as she fully meant what she said.
This earnestness was not lost on Jennifer who blushed fiercely, a signal
that she more than approved of Elaine. Elaine felt like she had just bowled
a three hundred game, that all the preparation was not in vain, that it had
all come to fruition. She gave Jennifer a slight peck on her mouth and drew
her close to her body. The two girls drifted off to sleep together, though
Elaine was the last to fade away. She lingered a bit longer, breathing in a
breath of superiority. She was now in full command of Jennifer. What her
parents did not know was that she exercised the same sort of control over
them, but then again the happiest slave is the one who does not know he has
a master. She pulled the blanket over her head and went off to another
world.

5. Altered.

        Jennifer woke up to find herself alone in bed. This was not 
unexpected, as she seemed to wake up later and later each passing day. While
she attributed this to simple laziness, this was hardly the case. Michelle,
you see, fully understood that keeping Jennifer off balance would markedly
lower her resistance to the transformation. Thus, her food was doused
with a healthy portion of sleep inducers, which kept Jennifer groggy and dull
most of the time. Thus, Jennifer was hardly surprised when the clock read
2:30 PM. What nearly made her croak, was the fact that she was wearing pink
lace panties and a bra. She tried to remove the bra, but to no avail. It had
apparently been fastened shut in the back. She though about removing the
panties, but decided that pink panties were preferable to walking in the
nude. She did not put up much of a struggle. What did surprise her was the
hardening of her penis. She had never before masturbated, and the drugs she
took all but wiped away the memory of the orgasm given to her by Michelle. 

        Embarrassed, she wanted to hide behind something, anything. This was 
anticipated by Elaine, who took great care to remove both sheets and blanket
from the room. Jennifer was on the verge of crying. She needed to piss so
very badly, but how could she let anyone see her. She decided to try and 
tiptoe her way to the bathroom. She listened very carefully to try and find
out if anyone was near her. When she was satisfied that indeed no one was
in her vicinity, she started to make her way to the bathroom. The moment she
stepped outside the bedroom, she was standing face to face with Alex who had
been waiting silently for her. Jennifer was close to dying of embarrassment.
Blushing like she never did before she managed to spit out a faint "hi".
Alex, following his daughter's directions to the letter, came up to Jennifer
and gave her a more than friendly hug. He gave her a soft peck on the lips
and added: "Good morning baby. You look wonderful." Jennifer was quite
overwhelmed by the kiss and the feminine manner in which she was addressed.
Being kissed by Elaine and Jennifer was one thing, but by Alex? This was
getting to be a bit too much. For his part, Alex had his hands full 
containing himself. He wanted to rip Jennifer's cloths off right then and
there. However, fearful of his wife's and daughter's consternation, he
was content to give Jennifer's ass a slight squeeze. This sent Jennifer
dashing to the bathroom scared half to death. Once she locked the door
behind her she tried to piss as she always did. This time however, something
was very wrong. Instead of her simply being able to piss, her penis stayed
hard and refused to budge. She tried to soften it by rubbing it, but this 
only made it worse. Eventually, after about 5 minutes of anxious waiting,
her penis complied and she was able to empty her bladder, which was by now
quite close to explosion, and even this she was only able to do by sitting
down. 

        When she exited the bathroom, Alex was nowhere to be found. She
returned to her room and was surprised to see Michelle and a stranger next
to the bed. Michelle was first to speak. "Hi baby, I want you to meet
Dr. Davis." The stranger spoke up: "Hi Jennifer, Michelle told me all about
you, and she asked me to come in to examine you."  The man looked very
sweet and his voice soothed Jennifer. She nodded her head to signal her
approval. Michelle positioned herself behind Jennifer and to Jennifer's
huge surprise, was able to remove Jennifer's bra with one flick of her
fingers. She then "helped" Jennifer to remove her panties. Jennifer tried
to cover her penis with both of her hands, as any boy would. She was quite
surprised when Michelle took one of her hands away from her penis and 
positioned it in such a way so as to cover Jennifer's breasts. She 
chastened Jennifer: "A young lady should always try to hide her boobies."
She followed this by grabbing Jennifer's left nipple and tweaking it 
slightly. Jennifer was taken aback, but the pleasure in her left nipple 
alleviated any chance of protest. Michelle left the room, but before leaving
she instructed Jennifer to do all that Dr. Davis tells her to do in lieu of
severe punishment. 

        Dr. Davis began to poke Michelle all over her body all the while
maintaining a relaxed smile. Eventually, he stopped and started fumbling through
his bag. When he was done, he produced a several pills and a healthy looking
syringe. He instructed Jennifer to swallow the pills, and then he proceeded
to inject a large dose of a yellow liquid into Jennifer's behind. Had
Jennifer known anything about biology, she could have deduced that she was
being given an unusually large amount of estrogen. Finally, Dr. Davis
instructed Jennifer to lie flat on her back on the bed. He grabbed Jennifer's
penis and pulled it upwards in order to examine her scrotum. He mumbled to
himself: "How do they expect me to do this here?" He mumbled some more,
gathered his things, and left the room. Leaving Jennifer dejected and put
off. When Dr. Davis returned he had a rather nervous expression on his
face and Jennifer could not help but notice a few beads of sweat on his
forehead. He was also accompanied by Alex whose appeared to be sweating
profusely himself. Alex started stroking Jennifer's hair and whispering
sweet nothings to her. He pulled her close him and said: "Jennifer, I am
going to put a towel on your mouth. I want you to breath in deeply. I
promise you that nothing bad will happen to you." His smile seemed to 
assure Jennifer and she consented readily. Dr. Davis handed Alex a piece
of cloth which was drenched in chloroform. Alex gently placed the cloth
over Jennifer's face. At first she found the smell to be a bit repulsive,
but within a moment or two it no longer mattered. Jennifer was asleep and
Alex sighed in relief. Dr. Davis opened his bag once more, taking out a
sharp and shiny scalpel. He carefully measured Jennifer and went to work.


6. How sweet it is.

        When Dr. Davis was finished with his deed, he and Alex left the
bedroom for the kitchen when they Elaine calmly smoking a cigarette.
Dr. Davis tried to break the tension by quipping: "Little girls should
not smoke." Elaine gave him an innocent smile and replied: "Really Bob,
and do respectable old men go around fucking 10 year old girls?" With
that, she jumped on her feet and placed herself in front of Dr. Davis.
She fixed her eyes on his and slowly started to unzip his pants. When she
fully parted his zipper she reached in with her hand and pulled out his
throbbing member. She took the head into her mouth and started sucking on
it. With her hands she started Jerking his penis. While it was only an 
average sized penis, about six inches, her tiny hands made it seem far
larger than it truly was. Dr. Davis' knees were beginning to buckle. 
He started to shove his dick in and out of her throat. Elaine started to
pant and moan. She liked fucking but sucking was the icing on the cake. 
Until she turned 9 it was the only form of sex she had, and she was hooked
from the first time her father came in her mouth. Right now, all this was
far from her mind. All she knew, all that existed, was Dr. Davis' penis
being shoved in and out of her mouth down her throat. Her rhythmic movements
were intermingled with the incoherent sounds exiting her mouth. Suddenly,
without a warning, Dr. Davis started cumming down her throat. Elaine took
all he had to offer, which was quite a bit. Not a drop slipped her hungry 
mouth. When she saw that Dr. Davis was emptied she removed his penis from
her mouth and used her tongue to make sure that his penis was clear and
sparkling. She tried to re harden his penis in the hope that he could give
her one more load. When she saw that it was not to be she stuffed his
dick back into his pants and re zipped him. With a mock look of 
disappointment she turned to Dr. Davis and said: "Bob, unless you keep
yourself in shape you will of no use to me." With that she returned to her
seat in the table, took one last drag from her cigarette and put it out.

        As if on a cue Michelle entered the room and asked Dr. Davis if
Elaine had paid him for his services. His smiled assured Michelle that 
he was paid in full. "Just whistle any time you need me. Seriously though,
just keep her totally still for about three days and be prepared to calm
her down. I'm not sure she'll take it well." Elaine spoke up with a 
worried look. "Doc, you left her clitty didn't you?" Dr. Davis gave her
a consternating look. " Elaine, you know very well that I only cut their
balls off. Right now we only want to prevent her from going through male
puberty. It will be a long time, if ever, before she will be ready for
a total transformation. I would wait at least five years before going 
through with it. Anyway, from what I heard your daddy likes "girls" with
big clits." He winked at Alex who grinned from ear to ear. "Hey doc,
let me show you the door before you let out any more of my secrets."
With that he took the doctor by the hand and showed him the exit, playfully
"pushing" him out. Left behind, Michelle turned to Elaine. "Listen baby,
I know that this project is very important to you, so I'll keep my hubby
away from Jennifer until she is well and able." Elaine jumped on her and
gave her a big hug. "Thanks mommy, I love you a ton." Michelle took a deep
breath. "If you are that grateful baby, I know a way you go show some
gratitude to your mom." Elaine didn't need any encouragement. She grabbed
her mom by the hand and led her to her bed. Girls will be girls.

5. What have you done to me?

        The sun peeked in through the blinds and washed Jennifer's bed
with an unworldly glow. Jennifer, still unaware of what had been done
to her, woke up and tried to move. Immediately she was pierced by a sharp
pain which emanated from between her legs. She let out a yelp and tried
to reach down with her hands. She was dismayed to discover that her hands
and feet were tied down to prevent her from doing so. What made the
pain worse still was that she needed to pee real bad. She tried to struggle
for a few moments but discovered that this acerbated the pain. She decided
to call for help. She called out for Elaine who rushed in with a worried
look on her face. As much as Elaine loathed to admit, she had become quite
attached to the little boy-girl, and had made it her mission to see that
Jennifer is well taken care of. She moved to her side and pecked her on her
cheeks. "Hi sis, are you feeling better?" Jennifer, who was not feeling 
better, told Elaine about her need to go to the bathroom. Elaine and Michelle
had readied themselves for just such a situation and placed a bedpan
underneath Jennifer. Jennifer, who was tied down, simply could not see the
bedpan and panicked for no reason. Nevertheless, she was still uncomfortable
with the idea of pissing lying on her back. "Lane (Elaine's nickname), I
want to pee, but I'm afraid that everything will spill." Elaine reached
between Jennifer's legs, grabbed hold of her penis and aimed it towards the
bedpan. She was very careful to avoid touching below Jennifer's "clit".
She did so for two reasons. One, she did not want to acerbate poor Jenny's
pain. Secondly, she did not want to alert Jenny to the absence of her balls.
Jennifer consented to this arrangement and after a few minutes of exertion
she was able to relieve herself. 

        Lane took the bedpan and said she'd return in a minute. Before she
emptied the bedpan she dipped her finger in the golden juice and 
moistened her lips with the nectar. She took a moment to lick her lips and
returned to jenny's room. As soon as she entered the door she was stricken
to see Jenny sobbing loudly. "Lane, what did they do to me? It hurts soooo
much..." Lane rushed to her and put her arms around Jenny, doing her best
to calm her down. "Listen sis, I know it hurts. I know you feel bad. I know
you hate me right now. But believe me, we had to call the doctor. If we
didn't do this now we would have had to do it later and it would have hurt
a lot more." Jenny gave her a pained look. "But what did you do to me? I
mean, it hurts real bad." Lane avoided answering the question and continued
to shower her "sister" with hugs and kisses. Eventually she managed to 
calm her. A few moments later, their mom rushed in with a bottle of pills.
She turned pale when she saw that Jenny was awake. "I'm sorry baby, here
are some pills for you to take. They will make you feel much better." Jenny
took a pair of pills and was out within a couple of minutes. When she was
sure that her sister was out cold Lane turned to her mother and slapped her
flush on her face. "When I tell you to be here at 10:30 I don't want you
to be one second late!!!" She left the room leaving her mother to collect
her thoughts. Michelle gave her sleeping "daughter" a kiss on her cheek 
and exited her room and left her daughter to sleep.

        Jenny spent the next several days going in and out of sleep. Each
day the same routine would follow. She would wake up, Lane would help her
urination, and then she would be given pills which would turn her lights
out again. What she was oblivious to was the daily injection of estrogen
hormones into her systems. From a biological standpoint, the plan developed
by her new "parents" was perfect. Cut her balls off to cut the flow of
testosterone to her body. This would eliminate the male puberty process. 
They were very lucky to find such a young "girl". Jenny's voice had yet to
change and her body was largely undeveloped. The only sign that she was 
born a male was her 5" clit, over which all the members of the family
salivated. The injections of estrogen would help her to take on a more
female form. As a matter of fact, Jenny's estrogen levels had risen well
beyond those of most of the world's women. She was literally becoming a
woman. Since her hair had not been cut in over 4 months she had come to
resemble an average looking 12 year old, and a short and frail one at that.
The last piece of the puzzle was her psychological conversion into the
female race. She would not become a girl until the day she would think as
a girl. Quite literally, she would have to want to fuck and suck a man
before she could be declared a woman. She would have to like makeup, long
fingernails and fancy shoes. She would have to learn to take pride in
her figure. All in all, Jimmy's personality, that of a kid who was content
to be in jeans and T-shirts 365 days a year would have to be eradicated
and replaced with the personality of young woman, or slut to be more correct.
After all, this family did not go through all these hassles to end up with
a girl scout. They did have three advantages. The first was Jenny's totally
passive personality and acceptance of authority. The second was that Jenny
was possibly the world's most gullible "girl". Finally, Jenny had been
pretty much a loner most of her life. She had no friends her age and had
received almost no attention or love from anyone. Thus, she did not have
a view of herself in relation to the world. This left her vulnerable and
malleable. Al, Michelle and especially Lane were quite aware of all of
these little innuendoes in Jenny's personality. They crafted a masterful
plan and they were JUST beginning to execute it.


6. Jenny awakens.

        Four days to the date of her "correction" Jenny woke up. She was
prepared to go through the same old routine but something felt strange.
To her amazement the pain was completely gone. She was so excited she
yelled out with the top of her lungs. "Sis, come quick, the pain's gone."
Lane walked in, making sure she was calm enough to handle the storm that
was about to come. She smiled at Jenny and sat next to her. "Well sis, it
looks like your feeling better today." Jenny was surprised that Lane did
not share her excitement. Nevertheless she pressed onward. "Lane, please
remove the straps and bandages." Lane complied by removing the bandages.
She was on her tiptoes to avoid touching what used to be Jenny's beautiful
set of balls. Instead of removing the straps she began massaging Jenny's
legs to renew the circulation in them. Finally, she was satisfied that Jenny
could not harm herself by standing up. She slowly removed the leg straps
and the hand straps. To her delight, there were no marks on Jenny's arms
or legs. Jenny sort of hopped on here feet. She took a few steps and 
immediately felt something was wrong. She reached down between her feet and
fainted immediately.

        When she came about, she was lying in bed next to her mom and
sister. Michelle, for her part, was hugging Jenny tightly, though this was   
more to prevent Jenny from going on a rampage rather than to provide
love. Jenny immediately began to cry, so much so that her mother was close
to tears herself. At least Lane kept her head about her. She spoke quietly
and deliberately. "Jenny, it is time for you to behave like a big girl.
Your mom, dad and I have gone to enormous trouble to give you this chance
to grow up like a normal girl instead of being a freak. We spend night and
day taking care of you and all we get in return is your constant crying.
Now we all know that you have gone through a lot lately, but we have gone
through a lot too. So shape up now or I don't know what will happen to
you." This shocked Jenny into sobriety. She had grown quite attached to
Lane and to hear her talk like this frightened her. Instinctively she
tried to appease Lane. "I'm sorry Lane, please don't be angry." Lane,
quite delighted that her "tough" pose worked Jenny into shape, was more
than happy to make amends. She squeezed Jenny tightly and locked lips
with her. They embraced for a few seconds and when it was done it was as
though nothing had ever gone wrong. Now it was Michelle's turn to move.
She turned Jenny towards her in such a manner that Jenny's head rested on
her melon-like breasts. She opened her negligee and allowed her right breast
to pop out. She positioned her left hand under Jenny's head, and with her
right hand she guided her free breasts into Jenny's face. The young "girl"
instinctively took her mom's nipple in her mouth and began to suckle. This
simple act of motherhood was all that was necessary to calm Jenny down
completely. Michelle allowed Jenny to suck on her breast for quite some 
time thereafter. This was not an act of sex but rather the act of a 
mother nurturing her young. This was a moment which was the beginning of
Jenny's psychological transformation. That is, the act of being intimate in
a non sexual way with a woman. No man who has sexual impulses towards
women can ever belong in such a setting no matter how hard they try. Women
belong in such a setting, men don't. Whether it was the female hormones or 
latent homosexual tendencies that allowed this to happen was not important.
It did happen, and whether she knew it or not, Jenny was becoming a woman.

7. The woman inside.

	Once Jenny accepted losing her balls, she became like play dough
in the hands of her parents and sister. Within a week after the surgery
she started to undergo a truly massive transformation. She was assigned a
wardrobe of negligees, bras and panties and was forbidden to wear anything 
else. She was slowly trained to walk in high heel shoes and within a few
weeks could master a very gainly stride in 4" high heel shoes. Michelle 
taught her to administer makeup and to set her hair in a womanly manner.
These changes were cosmetic and short term oriented. At the same time, Dr.
Mavis had created a nutritional plan for Jenny that would allow her to
maintain her womanly form. Her diet was highly liquid, consisting mostly
of hydrocarbons and vitamins. Calcium was severely restricted. This was
done to prevent her from growing large bones during her teenage years. 
Her diet also contained a large content of fatty products. This was done 
to make sure that there would be plenty of material in her body to form
bouncy breasts and a shapely ass. All the while, she continued to 
receive massive daily injections of estrogen hormones. Finally, Lane
spent several hours a week teaching Jenny how to speak like a woman. This
was not too difficult since her voice never matured from that of a young
child. This, of course, was the side effect of her castration surgery.

        This process continued for about a year, with the result being
that by the time she turned 12 Jenny looked very much the part of a
young slut. However, she was still a virgin. She had Lane to thank for
that. You see, Lane felt that Jenny should never have sex while she
still thought of herself as a boy. Lane reasoned that if Jenny were
fucked prematurely she might develop a lingering hate of men. Her father
protested strongly, but he relented when Lane refused to fuck him for a 
week. Thus, at the age of 12 Jenny was ready to fuck, but she wasn't sure
how or whom. As a matter of fact, she was quite unaware of how she could
fuck, considering that she didn't have a pussy. She knew the theory
behind male female intercourse, but she wasn't exactly female, and she
was certainly not male. As a matter of fact, the last time she had an
orgasm was at the hands of Michelle about a year earlier, and even then
she was drugged. When Lane decided that Jenny was finally ready, she took
matters into her own hands.

        It was a warm September evening and Jenny was lying on her stomach
looking at the recent issue of Vogue. Lane was into the room wearing a
see through negligee. In one hand she held a bottle of Vaseline and in the
other a medium sized butt plug. She sat down next to Jenny who was looking
closely at the glistening body of a male model. Hanging around Lane and
Michelle started to rub off on her. Lane swept Jenny's long smooth hair
to uncover her face. Jenny looked up and smiled. "What's up sis?" Lane
did not answer and started to remove Jenny's panties. Jenny, who had
grown used to Lane's friskiness gave Jenny a look of affection. When she
finished removing Jenny's panties Lane sat on her knees placing her lips
a few inches from Jenny's oversized "clit". The hormone shots shriveled
it somewhat, and she knew that it would never get hard again. Nevertheless,
it was still uncut, juicy and delicious. Without a word she closed her 
lips around Jenny's delicious member. Jenny felt as though she was struck
by lightning. She was being swept by wave after wave of pleasure. Lane
started a rhythmic motion on Jenny's member. For her part, all that Jenny
could do was lie motionless on her back. She felt SO GOOD. With her
right hand Lane dipped that butt plug in the Vaseline jar. She brought it
to Jenny's asshole and started applying pressure, at the same time
increasing her sucking motion. Jenny felt the pressure on her asshole, but
at this point it aroused her further still. Lane continued to increase the
pressure on Jenny's asshole but made certain not to penetrate yet. When
she felt that Jenny was about to cum she forced the butt plug all the
way in. Jenny screamed in pain, but was so busy cumming that she was
rendered totally helpless. Waves of pain were being swept away by waves of
pleasure. When her orgasm subsided she remained on her back, totally
exhausted. Lane spread Jenny's legs and positioned herself between them
in a mock missionary position. She started to move up and down over Jenny
as though she were a man fucking a woman. She reached down with her left 
hand and stuffed Jenny's "clit" into her pussy. Since the "clit" was limp
she struggled for a few seconds before she was satisfied. She now increased
her humping and was starting to lose control. Jenny was confused but 
something deep inside moved her to lock her legs over Lane's ass and aid
her motion. With her hands she grabbed Lane's shoulders and brought her
face close to hers. All she said was "fuck me baby." Lane obliged her by
increasing her pace further still. She moved her lips down to Jenny's full
nipples and began to suck vigorously. The hormones gave Jenny very sensitive
34C cup tits. Lane tried to suck Jenny's nipples right off her tits. When
Jenny thought she could take no more Lane stopped the sucking action and
shoved her tongue into Jenny's mouth kissing her with animal like fury.
Jenny responded with her own tongue, flicking it in and out of Lane's
eager mouth. All of a sudden Lane's body started shaking violently. She
came and came and came. When she was done she rolled off of Jenny and
allowed Jenny to rest her head on her chest. 

        Lane smiled at Jenny who still had a glazed look over her eyes.
She reached to the bedside and retrieved a pack of cigarettes and a
lighter. She drew a pair of cigarettes and threw the pack down. She took
both cigarettes and lit them. Keeping one cigarette for herself she 
gave the other one to Jenny. Jenny never tried smoking before, but she
was so enamored with her sister that she accepted it gladly. She took
her first drag and nearly choked. However, she wanted to be like her
sister so she continued smoking. Just like her sister, Jenny was hooked
on smoking from her first drag. She was no longer trying to emulate her
sister but was taking sincere pleasure from the act itself. When she
was done she put out her cigarette and tried to remove the butt plug.
Lane stopped her and instructed Jenny to keep it on. Jenny was quite
puzzled. "But it really hurts." Lane smiled a wicked smile. "Listen sis,
you just lost your virginity so of course it hurts. But if you take it
out now it will hurt just as much the next time, and you don't want that
now do you?" Jenny nodded her head. "Sis, did you have to stretch out
your asshole?" Lane smiled at her. "You betcha, and I LOVED it. You see
Jenny, once you stopped worrying you learn to enjoy life a lot more. Now
me, I was scared too when mommy fucked me the first time, but you know
what, the pain made it a lot more fun. You enjoyed getting fucked. I know,
because you gave me a mouthful of cum." Jenny turned a bright shade of
red. Jenny grinned. "I take it that as a sign that you like being fucked.
Don't worry little girl, you're going to be fucked many more times. Many
more times." With that she jumped on her feet and left the room. That
night Jenny dreamed that she was being fucked. Her sister was fucking
her. Her mom was fucking her. Her breasts were being sucked. Her ass was
being fucked. Her clit was being sucked. Yes, Jenny slept very well that
night. She had peace of mind.


7. May I have the next dance?

        Jenny woke up to find her sister's body next to hers. She smiled
and gave Lane a quick peck on her cheek, not wishing to wake her up. She
attempted to get up to go to the bathroom but was stopped by a sharp pain
in her ass. The butt plug her sister fuck her with was still there. She
thought about removing it but remembered Lane's instructions. She tiptoed
her way to the bathroom, her hips swaying with each step. In the bathroom
she removed the plug so she could she. Her asshole was so stretched by
the butt plug that everything poured out of it with ease. When she was done
she washed the butt plug, coated it with Vaseline and reinserted it. Her
ass was sore beyond belief but she did not let it bother her. She then
took a quick shower and returned to her room. Lane was still asleep, so
Jenny couldn't watch TV. She decided to put on her makeup, as had become
her daily routine. She applied a light shade of rouge to her cheeks and
coated her lips with ruby red lipstick. Finally she used mascara to
enhance and elongate her eyelashes. She looked in the mirror and admired
her work. She was a beautiful no, make it gorgeous girl. She had been
transformed from a 90 pound lusterless boy into a 105 pound teen queen.
The 15 extra pounds came around her hips and chest. She had also gained
a few inches and was not about 4'6". Her raven hair left no doubt about
her sex. Yeah, her sex. She was as sexy as any girl could be. She was
quite unaware that Lane had awoke and was looking at her with hungry eyes.
She stepped behind her and cupped Jenny's breasts, which were heavy and
firm in her hands. She squeezed her breasts and started nibbling on Jenny's
right ear. Jenny opened her mouth and moaned. Lane reached down with
her left hand to Jenny's ass and started twisting the butt plug round and
round. Jenny was in seventh heaven. She reached with her hands and started
to massage her "clit". Lane, seeing that Jenny was about to explode, 
pulled out the butt plug and replaced it with one finger, then two, then
three. Finally, she had all five fingers in Jenny's ass. She gave one last
push and her fist when all the way in. Jenny screamed but continued to
jerk herself off. Lane started fucking her sister using her fist. Jenny
could not hold out long and collapsed, cumming in buckets. When Lane saw
that it was all over she removed her fist and replaced it immediately with
the buttplug. She left to the bathroom to wash up and returned with a wet
towel. She wiped her sister clean, taking her time when working on her
Jenny's clit. She then left to take a shower. 

        When Lane returned she found her sister on her stomach, watching
TV and smoking a cigarette. Jenny looked at her and blew a puff of smoke       
her way. Lane grinned. "Do you know how to dance sis?" Jenny frowned at
her. "Why Lane, do you plan to take me dancing?" "It's a secret, but I
think that you should start practicing now." "I think I can get it out
of you," replied Jenny, knowing her sister's helplessness when tickled.
Just when she was about to pounce on her sister they heard their mother
call them for breakfast. "You're safe for now BITCH, but I'll get you."
The giggling girls ran downstairs to fill up.

        By the time they finished breakfast Jenny had long forgotten what
her sister said. She and Jenny spent the rest of the day looking in fashion
magazines and playing. After dinner Jen was ready to go dancing, but Lane
grabbed her hand and led her to the living room. Jenny saw that all the
furniture had been pushed to the side. Lane left her standing in the middle
and went to the stereo, putting on a slow and sweet Jazz tune. Jenny 
turned to Lane. "Lane, do you really want to dance with me?" "She doesn't,
but I DO!" She spun around to see her dad standing in the door. Jenny was
paralyzed. She knew that one day she would have to deal with boys, but this
was too fast, too soon. She turned to Lane for help, but Lane was long 
gone. She heard Alex make her way towards her but was too afraid to turn
around to face him. He stopped only when his body was rubbing against
hers. He put his hands on her shoulders and turned her around. Her eyes
were glued to the ground, too shy, too scared to look him in the face. He
chose not to make her look at him, but instead put his hands around her
and started to sway slowly to the music. Being a full foot shorted than her
dad, Jenny's face was buried deep in his chest. At first she was rigid,
but as the minutes passed she started to feel warm, almost cozy. Being
close to Alex was different from being close to Jenny or to her mom. 
Something inside her, something primitive, drew her close to him. There
wasn't a hint of coercion, just the orchestrated play of predator and pray. 
The seconds turned to minutes, the minutes to hours. They danced well
into the night until she fell asleep in his arms. Alex smiled softly at
her. She was no longer just another piece of meat for him to fuck. This
was a woman he loved. For a second it seemed to him that she was an angel
who blessed their lives. He now knew that his daughter was right, that
his patience would be worth his while. This little woman would be his lover,
not his whore. He swept her up in his arms and carried her to her bed,
placing her next to his sleeping daughter. His wife came into the room
and placed her head on his shoulder. "You know Al, we have two beautiful
daughters." "I know honey. I KNOW." They stood their for a while admiring
their daughters. That night a glow was present in the house. I was as
though Christmas had come a few months earlier that year.


8. Daddy's little girl.

        The next day was the most wonderful day of Jenny's short life.
She felt as though everyone loved her, and she was right. Whomever
she passed in the house would go out of his way to hug her or pat her.
While Jenny was not physically abused by her now forgotten parents, they
did not go out of their way to show her love. This family gave her
love and hugs and kisses by the bucket. Long forgotten was the harsh
way in which they met. Both sides had abandoned their original fears
and intentions in favor of true and deep love. Jenny was family now.
She had a sister, a mother, and a dad who was head over heels in love
with her.

        Two days later, Lane and her mother had to go to visit a sick
aunt. They both encouraged Alex to get closer to Jenny that week.
They were surprised that he had stopped making advances towards her.
This was due to the fact that Alex cared deeply about his adopted 
daughter. So much so in fact, that he was afraid to get physically close
to her. Nevertheless, he crubled rather easily when egged on by his
daughter who though that Jenny was primed for her first true fucking.

        That afternoon, Lane and Michelle left on their trip. By early
evening Jenny was already on edge. She always had jenny or her mom
around her, and was feeling quite lonely without them. Though she
truly loved her dad, she was always slightly apprehensive of him, as
young girls tend to be. Nevertheless, by 8:00 PM she was becoming
desperate and decided to check on her dad who was seating in an easy
chair. She sneaked up behind him and covered his eyes. Disguising her
voice, she said: "Guess who?" Alex reached back with his arms, grabbed her
by the armpits, and somersaulted her onto his lap. She started giggling
and he abated the situation by tickling her. "Stop daddy, stop!!!" she
screamed like a wild banshee. "Will you do anything I tell you?"
"Anything daddy, anything." Seeing that she could take no more he stopped
tickling and hugged her close to him. She responded by giving him the
biggest hug he ever got. He swept back her wild hair from her face and
stared deeply into her dark eyes. Not waiting for a signal, she lower
her face and locked lips with him. She french kissed Lane many times, but
that was nothing like this. She was overwhelmed, offering herself as a
sacrifice to her dad. Their tongues struggled and she was overpowered. He 
pushed his tongue deep into her mouth and she started to suck on it. In
and out it went, circling it prey, plunging into her throat. He pushed
her away from him to give him better access to her. She immediately started
to pull her white T-shirt off, revealing her young firm breasts. She
grabbed his hands and pressed them to her breasts. He took her nipples
between his thumb and forefinger and began to mash them. She moaned and
twisting, trying to bridge the path between alleviating her pain and
staying close to her lover. "Take off your clothes," he ordered, and she
replied by removing her shorts and panties. Her 5" clit looked JUICY and
MOIST. Had she not been transformed at such an early age she would have
probably ended up with a monster of a cock. As it was, her "clit" was
thick and always looked like it was about to burst. She noticed her dad
was fixated by her clit and she immediately knew what to do. She climbed
on the easy chair, literally standing on top of her dad. This brought
her clit to within inches of her dad's mouth. She did not wait for him
to act and just shoved her clit in his mouth. Lane had taught her well.
Her dad started sucking on her clit and it slurped in and out of his
mouth. The fact that she could not get hard made the sucking that much more
juicy and wet. He reached with his hand behind her and started twisting
her butt plug. She arched her back in pleasure and within a few seconds
she started to come in buckets down her daddy throat. He swallowed every
last bit she had to offer and continued to suck until he was sure that
she was spent. 

        She was collapsed on top of him, but the night was far from over.
He picked up over his shoulder and carried her to his bedroom. He threw
her on the bed when she stretched out looking like an angel. He unzipped
his pants and revealed a huge 10" cock which was at least 6" around.
Jenny gasped for air. Sucking on her sister's 1" clit was one thing, working
on this monster quite another. She did not have to worry about sucking
for very long. He flipped her on her stomach and bent her so that her
ass was sticking up in the air. He popped out her butt plug and feasted
his eyes. He had waited a year for this moment. He moved behind her and
brought his cock head to her asshole. He didn't try to ease it in or
to slow down. He just started applying the pressure. The pressure on
Jenny's ass was enormous, but all she said was: "harder daddy, harder..."
Alex looked at his daughter and shoved. In one pop half his cock
disappeared in her ass. She screamed wildly: "more daddy, give me more..."
One final push and he was fully within her. He now started a slow
rhythmic movement, rocking Jenny to a slow non audible drum beat. Jenny's
excitement was almost too much. Her heart was pounding, her mind was
reeling and she became very much aware that she was a tool to pleasure
HER man. She started rocking that ancient dance. It seemed to Jenny like
it was a lifetime, but it was just another second in the infinite time
clock of the universe. She thought it was everything, but it was just
another moment when a young girl becomes a woman. She would mark the
rest of her life by this day. Away from her mind Alex was nearing the
end. Just one more push, just one more...... He exploded in her ass,
flooding her with love. She pushed back into him, asking for more, begging
for just a little more from the man who had given her all he had.


8. Epilogue.

        Jenny spent the night in the arms of the man she loved. To those
who knew her from birth this night would have seem a travesty, a crime.
To Jenny, this was all she wanted in life, all she could ask for. After
all, what more can a woman want than the love of her father and a man to
call her own. In Alex, her dad, Jenny found both. ... and life goes on.

NOTE: this is my first attempt at erotic literature. It is flawed
      and I would appreciate any comments you might have to offer.
--
