Recommendation
by deirdre, 9/6/1994

Joan's house was neat and spotless--just how I wanted my house to be.  I knew 
she had a neighborhood girl coming in to clean it and needed no better proof 
that it would be no mistake to hire the girl myself.  I called.  Yes, Anna 
would love some more work.  We chose to talk about it the following afternoon 
and she was right on time, at 3PM.

Anna glanced around the house and we talked about best times during the week 
for her to come over.  She said Joan loaned her a key, which made sense to me 
since it would allow me to stay out without worrying about getting home to let 
her in.  Then she looked around the house a bit and started picking up the 
family room.

Anna is really a slight little teenager if as tall as I am and it was a little 
hard to imagine her doing all the hard work that must be necessary to keep 
Joan's place so perfect.  I peeked in the family room and for a moment, 
watched as she dusted.  She was wearing cutoffs and wore a top that hugged her 
body.  Her breasts were rather small but her legs were very long and 
attractive.  Her brown hair hung straight, to her shoulders.  I thought of 
Kurt--I knew he'd have to watch himself very carefully if he planned to keep 
his eyes off her.

She left at 4:30, leaving the family room and the living room looking very 
creditable.  The next day I told Joan what I'd arranged.

"Don't hire her!" she said.  I was taken aback--Joan sounded so vociferous.

"Why not?" I returned, "your house always looks great.

Joan didn't answer right away.  "Just don't do it; you... you won't like it," 
she finally added.  I couldn't get any more out of her.  I couldn't figure out 
what her angle was.

The next day Anna was back at 3PM, to do the kitchen.  She was dressed as 
before but her top was short enough to show her tummy in front, which was flat 
as a board.  She called me Mrs Stevenson when she greeted me and smiled at me. 
 
She had a friendly smile and didn't seem in the least shy.  We worked on the 
kitchen together because I wanted to rearrange a few things as well as get it 
in good enough shape that a relatively easy weekly cleaning would keep it 
looking great.

I thought about Anna that evening.  I had been watching her.  I felt guilty 
admiring a little teenager's body.  What would her innocent mind make of my 
secret thoughts?

The next day I got home after she was to start.  It was evident from when I 
opened the front door that she was vacuuming.  I had a start when I found her: 
she was wearing nothing but a bra and panties!

"Oh, I often dress like this, especially if I'm doing something more active.  
Sometimes I even undress completely if I'm scrubbing the bathroom or 
something!"

"But my husband could just walk in."

"That's true..." she said and she thought, "Well, I'd hear him if I didn't 
have the vacuum on and my bra and panties really aren't different than a 
swimsuit."  I didn't say any more but I should have.  I could imagine Kurt 
seeing that slim body with just that thin fabric covering it.  I figured she 
didn't quite realize how sexy she was.

I guess I got used to seeing her dressed like that but I was a bit taken aback 
the first time I looked in a bathroom and she was completely nude.  She stood 
up and said "Hi" and I just stared.  I know I didn't look like that when I was 
a teenager.  Maybe it was just me, but it seemed like she was nude a lot after 
that.  

One day I was just thinking about getting supper started and Kurt came up from 
the basement.  I hadn't realized he was home and I immediately recalled that 
I'd come home to find Anna working that afternoon.  She'd come out of the 
family room completely dressed, the first time in weeks that I'd come home to 
find her like that.  Anna and Kurt had been in the house at the same time!  
Kurt didn't say anything about it.  I didn't bring it up but it gnawed on me 
all night.

She was nude doing the kitchen floor one day.  She told me it was much better 
doing work like that without worrying about your clothes.  She said I should 
try working on the bathroom like that and I'd see.  She was just finishing the 
kitchen and pulled me to the bathroom and suggested we both do it.

"Come on!" she said, waiting for me to get undressed.  Yes, I actually did it. 
 
I found myself standing there, nude, facing Anna.  She deliberately glanced 
down at my body and back to my face and gave me a little grin.  Then she 
handed me a bucket and sponge.  She didn't actually work much but watched as I 
worked, giving me pointers here and there.  It was good not having to worry 
about getting your clothes wet but that seemed little compensation for the 
embarrassment.

After that, when I got home, she'd often invite me to help her.  It did get 
the work done faster and she didn't seem to mind cutting her hours a bit.  I 
noticed that sometimes she just watched me work.  Then one day when we had to 
do a bathroom, she said she had an errand to run.  She said she could be back 
in 20 minutes and I continued working.  Soon she was back while I was 
finishing up.

"Just about done?" she asked.  She was standing the doorway, fully dressed and 
I was nude.  I was used to being nude in front of her but this was still a 
little embarrassing.  I stood up.

"You did good!" she added with a smile.  She gave my rear a little pat.  She 
said it turned out that she couldn't stay but suggested I do another bathroom 
and stuck around until I got started.  That night I couldn't get my mind off 
her patting my rear like that.  Such a slip of a girl.

The next day I was home when she came over and she started by looking over 
both bathrooms.  She said I did a good job.  Then she said it turned out she 
had another errand to run and she suggested I do the third bathroom while she 
was gone.  She waited while I got things ready and watched while I took off my 
clothes.  She watched me work for a minute and then told me I could start on 
the kitchen floor if she weren't back yet.  That's where she found me when she 
returned.

"You're a good little worker," she said and suggested we look over the 
bathroom.  She took my hand and pulled me.  We stood in the doorway looking in 
and she slipped an arm around my back.  "Nice job!" she added.  Her hand was 
on my hip.  I was so close to her.  Something--some magnetism was making me 
want to lean over and kiss her.  She smiled at me and suggested I vacuum.  She 
watched me for a little while--then she was gone.  I don't know where.  I lay 
awake that night, thinking about her being so close to me like that.

The next day, she wasn't there at the usual time.  I started dusting the 
family room.  She came in late.

"Good!  You don't have to wear that while you are dusting, you know."  I was 
wearing my bra and panties.  "Take it off," she said after I didn't answer.  I 
took them off and she grinned at me.  "That's better."

"What about you?" I answered.

"Oh, you want to see me naked?" she said with a smirk.  We hadn't said 
anything about *wanting* to see each other and somehow I was embarrassed at 
her explicitly bringing that up.  She made no move to get undressed.  "Back to 
work!" she said, brightly.  I just started dusting again, confused.  She 
disappeared.

The next day she was there on time.  "Get undressed," she said, matter-of-
factly.  She was gone as soon as I started on the living room but was back 
later.

"Nice job!" she said, approaching me as I stood up.  She had this huge smile 
on her face and suddenly she wrapped her right arm around my body, pulled me 
close and kissed me.  Her tongue was in my mouth in a second and I was weak at 
the knees.  "Such a good little worker," she whispered in my ear.  "You 
deserve a reward," and she was immediately kissing me, her tongue exploring 
where it pleased.  She put her hand on my vagina and her fingers had me 
instantly ready to faint.  They were going up and down the sides, on my 
clitoris, her fingertips just barely pushing inside me, and around again.  I 
couldn't stand it!

Then I felt fingers jam straight into me!  I gasped, breaking the kiss and 
felt so faint I was glad she was holding me tightly with her other arm.  I 
couldn't stand and soon found myself on my knees.  When I caught my breath and 
my bearings, I found myself kneeling right in front of her, inches away.  She 
was still dressed.  I looked up.  She was looking down at me.  She didn't 
smile or anything--just looked.  Then she turned around and walked out.  I sat 
in a daze almost until Kurt got home.

The next day, once again she didn't show up on time.  I took off my clothes 
and started working.  I worked so hard.  The house was in good shape anyway 
but I vacuumed again, dusted again and put everything in place.  I had been 
arranging things on a table and turned around and she was standing right 
behind me!  I recovered from my momentary fright and said "Hi."

"Not bad."

"Anna..." I started.

"Shhh.  Don't call me that!" she said quickly.  "Don't say anything!"  I 
looked at her, confused.  She walked forward, backing me into the table.  She 
reached around me and pushed everything off it that I'd just arranged.  It all 
clattered.  She still came closer, forcing me to lean back until my body was 
laying on the table.  Then she smiled.  She quickly knelt down and started 
*licking* me!  I gasped and was coming in seconds.  My legs were wrapped 
around her head.  She didn't stop and I came again and again.  Then she 
stopped and grabbed my arm, pulling me up.  The floor was tilting like I had 
just been spinning.  She put her arm around me and started walking me.  We 
reached the hall.  "You're going to learn to do that to me and you're going to 
learn it *good*" she said.

"But first," she said as we reached Kurt's and my bedroom door, "I'm going to 
teach your husband to fuck you right."  Kurt was in the bedroom.  He was nude, 
standing in the corner, facing it.
