Red Lips
by M. Bringuel

He walked down the dark stone corridor of the castle's underground
chambers. The torch in his hand was the only light source. It was
cold and damp. He shivered with cold and fear. He had to find her
and kill her before the sun had set. He had barely an hour before
it set now. 

He came upon the heavy wooden and steel door. It was locked from
the inside. He knew that her rest chamber must be on the other
side. He drew a heavy steel chisel from his belt and drove it into
the wood around the lock with the heavy hammer he carried. The wood
was hard and it required a tremendous effort to break away such a
small piece of the door. He had to work faster or he would be
doomed. 

As he worked on the door, he remembered the first time he had seen
her. The dark mysterious woman was so beautiful. Her heavy black
satin cloak with a slight trimming of red outlining her face had
hidden most of her from view. But those eyes and those lips were
not hidden. Such deep, dark, beautiful eyes. They stole a man's
very soul as he looked at them. And her mouth. Those full, deep
red, luscious lips. The way they pouted and begged to be kissed. It
was no wonder no man had resisted her. She had said only, "Come to
me," to his friend that night. His friend had left with her a
moment later amid catcalls from all the others about getting laid.
They had never seen him again, alive. And the others, there had
been six more. He knew. That was why he was here to stop her.

The lock was barely holding now. He had a mere twenty minutes
before sunset. He drew back the hammer and hit the door with all
his might. The wood splintered, the lock skidded across the stones
at his feet and the door opened a few inches. He pushed the door
open further and found a lighted chamber on the other side.

The walls were draped in flowing coverings of red satin. Torches
burned brightly in several spots. The floor was covered with an
ancient Persian rug. In the center of the floor was a long wooden
chest. 

He moved to the chest and inspected it. There were no locks to
break. He took hold of the lid and raised it. It was heavy but his
strong arms could easily handle it. It fell open on the other side
of the chest. Inside was an oblong bundle wrapped in black silk.
Each of the four sides of the chest were on hinges with releases on
the inside. He unlatched the releases and the sides fell open. The
bundle was now fully accessible and resting on a cushion covered in
the same black silk. He raised up the hammed and drew the long oak
stake from his belt. He placed the point against the center of the
bundle and prepared to drive deep into the bundle. But he couldn't.
He had to be sure he struck the heart or he would be doomed. The
only way was to draw back the silk covering.

He mustered his courage and strength. He grabbed hold of the soft
sensuous material and pulled it away. The sound of the silk
slipping against itself was soothing and yet, unsettling at the
same time. Each of the folds of material now slid from the form it
covered as if a package was unwrapping itself. When the last fold
fell away, she lay uncovered before him.

He stared at her. He had never seen her like this before. Never
without her black cloak. She lay sleeping. She was so very
beautiful. Her lips were full and red, as if painted with blood.
Her skin was soft and glowing. She had long, very dark, curly,
flowing hair that looked like delicate silk threads. Her breasts
were huge and voluptuous, bursting from her gown with its low cut
front. Her breasts called to him and invited his caresses. Her
dress was red satin and form fitting. Her figure was so enticing
with its well defined curves. There was a generous slit up side of
the dress that left one leg in plane view. Her legs were long and
shapely. They were so sexy in their black lace stockings that ended
at mid-thigh. Her black leather shoes with their four inch spike
heels were the perfect end to her alluring legs. The contrast of
her white skin, black stockings and red dress was hypnotic. 

He checked his watch. He had fifteen minutes before the sun set. He
was safe until then because she was powerless until the sun set. He
was tempted to touch her. He knew that she was sexy and beautiful
but that her coldness would make him shiver. If he touched her, he
would be shaken by her coldness and it would break the spell of her
beauty.

He slowly reached out toward the naked flesh of her thigh. He
slowly brushed the back of his hand against her soft skin. It was
warm! It felt soft, and warm, and so good. He touched her again,
this time with his palm down and moaned from the pleasure it gave
him. His cock throbbed in his pants. He ran his hand up her leg,
over her dress towards her chest. The soft satin material was
intoxicating and the feel of her massive, bulging, sexy tits was so
bewitching. His cock throbbed harder and begged for release.

He looked at his watch. He had almost fifteen minutes. He could
certainly pleasure himself over her before she awoke. He could come
and then finish his duty. Yes, it sounded so reasonable and he was
so horny. The more he touched her, the more he burned for the
pleasures her body presented. His cock was so hard and he needed to
relieve the pressure he felt therein.

His eyes became fixed on her lips. They were so full, so red, so
alluring. He couldn't tear his eyes away. His hands slowly slid up
her satin covered torso, rejoicing in the soft, warm, silky
material that gave him so much pleasure. His lips burned to taste
hers as his hands felt the start of the swell of her breasts. His
hands slowly moved up and over her breasts. The red satin of her
dress ended and the soft, warm flesh of her breasts filled his
hands. The sensation rushed over him. His cock throbbed more and a
deep moan escaped his mouth. He slowly massaged and kneaded her
breasts. They felt so good, so firm, and yet so soft. He couldn't
resist. He pulled the red satin material down from her breasts,
exposing her nipples for the first time. Her breasts stood like two
magnificent mountains, capped with soft, pink nipples. Her nipples
weren't big. They weren't small. Her nipples were the perfect size.
The seemed to beg for his caress. He couldn't stop from running his
fingers across them. They reacted to his delicate ministrations.
They rose and reddened as he manipulated them with his fingers. He
pinched and pulled on them and they became harder and more erect.
He wanted to suck on them.

He had been staring at her lips the whole time. Now, he was drawn
to her breasts. He was able to tear his eyes away, to seek out her
waiting breasts. His mouth moved slowly closer and closer to her
waiting, beckoning breasts. He couldn't stop himself as his lips
brushed against the soft, warm side of her breast. He involuntarily
kissed the flesh. A shock ran through his body. He kissed it more
and more, as he moved his lips towards her nipple. He had no
control, just ever increasing lust. His mouth slowly engulfed her
nipple and drew it into his mouth. OH! the pleasure it brought
him. He sucked on it hard. He bit it and drew his teeth across it.
He sucked it harder and harder. His hand was savagely pinching and
pulling her other nipple as his mouth devoured this one. He had
never gotten so much pleasure from a set of breasts in all his
life.

Then, as he opened his eyes and drew his mouth momentarily from her
nipple, he noticed his watch. He had only five minutes! It shocked
him and he drew himself straight upright. He dared not look at her
face again. He tried to turn and look in the opposite direction. In
doing so, his eyes caught her shapely ankle and high heeled shoe
just beyond it. His eyes froze. Then they slowly started up her
leg. He couldn't stop himself from looking at her. His eyes
followed her perfect leg up its stocking, across its naked thigh,
to the hem of the slit in her dress. He couldn't stop there. His
eyes moved further up until they came to her naked breasts. He
couldn't help but stare at them. 

It was then that he realized he was stroking his cock through his
pants. He had five minutes. He needed to come so badly. Perhaps it
would break her bewitching spell. He quickly opened his pants and
took his cock into his hand. His eyes were locked onto her breasts
as he started to furiously stroke himself. It felt good, but not
good enough. He was staring at her breasts, needing to be pleased
so badly. Her breasts were so sexy and her cleavage so large
and.... glistening with perspiration. It hit him.

He removed his clothes and climbed on top of her, sitting on her
abdomen. He pulled the dress material down further from her
breasts. He moved upward and placed his massive hard-on against the
bottom of her cleavage. His hands took hold of her breasts and
forced them together. Then he slowly pushed his body and his cock,
forward, driving his cock between her massive tits. The pleasure
rushed over him. A loud moan of tremendous pleasure surged from his
throat. Nothing had ever felt so good before. Nothing!

He stroked back and forth between her tits. His fingers pinched and
pulled her nipples as he thrust between them. Wave after wave of
pleasure rushed over him as he stroked back and forth. He could
feel his balls tightening as he pleasured himself with her tits. He
knew that soon he would come. He could not stop himself as he
worked his cock in and out of her cleavage faster and faster. He
could feel the come starting to surge forward as he drove himself
forward again. One more stroke.... One more stroke.... The thought
echoed through his mind. Then he bucked and rammed forward harder
than ever before. A huge stream of hot, sticky come shot from the
swollen head of his cock, landing on the lips of the deadly vampire
he was tit-fucking. He bucked again and more come erupted from his
cock. Then more, and more, and more. Her chest, neck and cleavage
were coated with it before his orgasm subsided. He fell back,
resting on his back stretched arms, trying to catch his breath.

He hadn't noticed it at first, but then the motion caught his eye.
A smile slowly developed on her face. A hand and then an arm
stirred. He climbed off of her and staggered back as he tried to
put his pants back on. He looked at his watch, three minutes after
sunset! He was doomed.

She slowly sat upright and her cold dark eyes fixed upon him. Her
lips were more red and more lustrous than before. In fact, his come
was not present anywhere on her where he was sure it had shot. She
slowly swung her legs from her resting place and her heels made a
clicking sound as they touched the floor. Her breasts stood out
perfectly before her, not sagging a bit. She stood and stepped
toward him a few feet, stopping short of him. She bent a bit from
the waist and seemed to swipe at his waist with her hand. Then her
black silk glove covered hand slowly came to her lips with a drop
of his come on it. Her mouth opened slightly and her tongue licked
it from her finger. "Ummmm. Delicious!" she said in a soft, sultry
voice.

His survival instinct welled from deep inside him. He stepped back
and picked up the heavy wooden stake he had brought. He gripped it
tightly and drew it high above his head, readying it for the plunge
into her heart. She stepped back until she was backed against her
resting place. He moved with her. She tried to step sideways to
avoid his impending lunge, but his counter move was too quick. But
in stepping sideways, her leg had become almost fully visible,
protruding from the slit in her dress. His eye wavered for a second
and looked at her naked thigh and the top of her black lace
stocking. She caught his momentary diversion and turned it against
him.

Her hands went to the sides of her breasts. She slowly pushed them
together and let out a deep, seductive moan, as she did so. Then
her hands slowly slid down the sides of her torso, emphasizing her
voluptuous figure as they went. One hand went to the slit in her
dress while the other started to pull the hem of her dress upward
to reveal the rest of her long, sexy legs. "You have me. I cannot
escape from the death you bring. From the rest you bring me after
the hundreds of years I have been alive. I also cannot stop the
pleasure you bring me. Your lust has made me alive like I have
never been. I have never felt so desired before. Your seed has
turned my skin to satin. Satin burning with the flame of passion.
You have me and I am doomed. All I ask of you is one last request
before you impale me. A kiss. One final kiss before I am cast down
into Hell and eternity." Her voice was unlike anything he had ever
heard. It was so sexy, so alluring, so bewitching. Yet, there was
a certain coldness to it at the same time. He started to lunge at
her. "I beg of you! One last kiss." His eyes caught her lips. They
were the most sensual lips he had ever seen. He involuntarily
licked his own lips as he froze before her. Her hands slowly moved
towards his body as her lips parted slightly and invited him to
kiss her. 

He knew he had her. He had broken her spell and was ready to kill
her. How could she possibly win now. He felt so strong, so willful,
so invincible. Her lips were so sexy, so inviting. What harm could
one little kiss be. Once again it sounded so reasonable.

"Kiss me. Kiss me. Kiss me." She whispered in a deep sultry voice
as she drew her mouth towards his. She was so beautiful and he
wanted to kiss those lips so badly. How could it hurt. 

Their mouths were mere inches apart now. He could feel her breath
on his chest as her hands touched his chest. Her hands slowly slid
up his chest and began to encircle his neck, pulling his head
towards hers. His eyes were locked on those dark, deep pools that
were her eyes. He couldn't pull away. He couldn't stop himself as
he too began to move his lips to hers. 

The feeling of warmth and desire consumed him. They were so soft,
wet, and delicious. The sticky redness of her lips seemed to draw
him in deeper. He attacked her lips with a hunger, an unrelenting
passion that had also filled his very soul. Their mouths devoured
one another. Their tongues fought we each other. Her taste was so
sweet, so delicious, so intoxicating. His arms encircled her and
pulled her tightly to him. The stake fell to the floor and rolled
to rest nearby. Her hands were pulling at the back of his head and
running through his hair. The kiss was inflamed with raw,
animalistic passion.

They continued to kiss wildly for several minutes. He was so
consumed by her passionate, intoxicating lips that he had lost
control of himself. She, however, knew exactly what she was doing.
She slowly broke off the kiss directly to his lips and started to
kiss him on the cheek, then the ear, slowly moving towards his
neck. Every touch of her lips sent a wave of pleasure washing over
him. He gasped and moaned as she kissed his cheek and then his ear.
But when he felt her breath on his neck, it was different. Her
breath was cold, like an icy fog drifting across a cemetery. 

He snapped out of it. He pushed her away, and held her at arms
length. She could not completely hide the sharp white points of the
fangs that filled her mouth now. She had not the time to completely
withdraw them after being caught in the act. He savagely pushed her
back. She fell onto her resting place as he quickly retrieved the
deadly stake from the floor. 

A look of horror filled her face as he moved forward to impale her.
She drew her legs up onto the flat, silk covered surface of her
resting place. Her heels dug into the silk as she braced herself to
push away from him. He drew the stake high above his head, ready to
plunge it into her heart. But once again his eyes betrayed him. Her
dress had slid away from her raised legs, falling to either side of
them and showing him for the first time what hid between them. 

Her pussy was unlike any he had seen before. It glistened with
moistness and seemed to call to him. Her small, trimmed mound of
pubic hair did nothing to hide the full, pouty lips of her pussy.
He could see or sense its heat from where he stood. It was so wet,
so willing, so inviting. It was, as the rest of her was, an
invitation to sexual pleasure beyond the limits of human
understanding.

"Yes! Yes! Impale me! Stick it in me! Stick your cock in me. Drive
it deep into my hot, waiting pussy. Plunge it in savagely. Take me!
Fill me with your seed. Take me!" It was as she spoke these words
in her sultry, sexy voice that he realized how hard he was. His
cock stood out before him, harder and longer than ever before,
protruding from his open pants. It throbbed and screamed at him to
be satisfied.

She spread her legs wide and raised them into a perfect "V". Her
hands slid to the sides of her pussy and gently pulled open the
outer lips to show him how wet and ready she was. 

NO!! He had to be done with her now. He had to control himself and
put this evil woman to death. He moved forward between her legs
with his arms and the stake he held, raised high overhead. As he
prepared to impale her, his cock head touched the opening of her
pussy. He froze. She released the outer lips she had been holding
open and let them envelop the tip of his cock. The warmth slowly
engulfed his cock. Her pussy seemed to suck him in. He couldn't
stop now. He slowly drove his cock into her. Her warm, wet,
tightness engulfed him. The pleasure was even more consuming than
that which he had felt before. A low, deep moan of pure pleasure
escaped her mouth. "OH YES! YES! Deeper. Drive it in all the way!
YES! Fuck me. Fuck me deep! Fuck me hard! Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck
me." 

Her words were exactly what he did. He couldn't stop. He couldn't
believe how great her pussy felt as it swallowed him with every
stroke. She was hot and tight and so wet. Her pussy massaged and
caressed and sucked on him. She was definitely the best he had ever
had. His hands held her hips as he rammed his cock deep into her
repeatedly. She hadn't gotten more then ten deep strokes in when
she came. She screamed and thrashed beneath him as the throws of
orgasm took control of her body. She came like she had never come
before. The feeling of her pussy coming made him harder and hotter.
He knew that the next time she came, he would explode with her.

She had never felt anything so pleasing in her life or death. She
was devastated by her orgasm and couldn't stop him from fucking her
even if she had wanted to. He was now fully on top of her resting
place with her. Her legs were wrapped tightly around his waist and
he was thrusting deep into her. She loved how he had sucked her
nipples into his mouth and was kissing and licking them as they
fucked. 

She could feel her next orgasm coming and so could he. His balls
were burning and his cock ached for release. He knew this was going
to be the biggest orgasm of all time. She knew that she was going
to come and come hard. When the first wave hit her, it didn't stop
but continued to build even higher. His cock was swelling more and
more and she was losing whatever control she had had. She came
harder and harder. As she came and her pussy grabbed onto him
tightly, he lost control too. His cock exploded. Huge torrents of
come came shooting out of him as his balls emptied everything they
had into her. Wad after wad was sent deep into her. The feeling of
his cock spitting into her made her come even harder. The harder
she came, the harder he came. They screamed and moaned in pleasure.
Their mutual orgasm went on and on. Almost ten full minutes it
lasted.

He rolled off of her completely spent. He had never come so hard.
He had never felt such pleasure. He couldn't even stand, let alone
walk. He was barely able to crawl across the floor a few feet to
rest against the tapestry covered wall.

She lay atop her resting place, panting and uttering soft moans,
reveling in the remnants of the pleasure she had just been consumed
by. Slowly she rolled to her side and looked at him. A fire burned
in those beautiful, cold eyes. Her tongue slowly danced across her
red lips, wetting them. A look of hunger and desire covered her
face. She slowly scanned his drained body. He knew what would
happen next. She would feed on him and drain his blood. She rose
slowly to her feet. She pulled her dress up to once again cover her
huge, sexy tits. Then she slowly smoothed the soft material down
over her delicious body. Irresistible passion shrouded her hidden
desire for his blood. She slowly started to move towards him.

He stared, unable to control his eyes and powerless to raise a hand
to defend himself. His strength was gone. He needed time to regain
it but she was not going to give it to him. He stared at her with
fear, but with desire for her too. He was ready to die. He wanted
to live, to take this evil woman again, but he hadn't a chance of
either now.

A loud, harsh voice broke the trance that they were both in. In the
doorway stood a priest. He was older, maybe fifty, and dressed in
the uniform of his church. In his hand, thrust forward, was a
silver cross that drew to a deadly point at the bottom. "STOP! Stop,
you demon of darkness," he shouted to her from behind. He moved
toward her, his cross and his faith were his weapons.

She turned and looked at him. He froze, his eyes quickly glancing
down across her huge, visible cleavage, and down further to her
sexy leg protruding from the slit in her dress, then back up to her
lips and those eyes. In that instant, she saw the flaw in his
armor. "Only a righteous, virtuous man can resist me. Only he who
harbors no lust and has no memory of fulfilled desires, can resist
the temptations and pleasures I offer. Are you that man, father?
Have you ever offered comfort to a poor, young widow and ended up
filling her with your seed? Have you ever listened to the
confession of some young, lust crazed girl and given her penance in
the form of your hard cock? Have you priest? Your eyes have
betrayed you. You have looked at my breasts and desired them. You
have seen my lips and craved their sensuous kiss. My legs remind
you of pleasures past. Resist me if you can priest. But even he who
was stronger and more righteous than you could not," she said as
she pointed to her spent lover on the floor. 

The priest was frozen in his tracks. He tried to will his arm to
raise and strike her dead with the weapon it held, but it would
not. She moved to her resting place and drew up onto it. She slowly
pulled her top down to reveal her breasts to him. "if you want me
father, come to me and take me. You have your weapon. You can
strike me dead if you so desire. But it is my body you desire. Take
me father. Feel my breasts, kiss my lips, put your stiffening cock
into my sweet, hot pussy. Fulfill your desires father. FUCK ME!"

"As a priest, I have given my body and soul to God." She cut in,
"You have never had sex? Have you ever felt the soft warm flesh of
a woman before?" The thought of the young village nymphomaniac he
hadn't been able to resist hit him, "No. It is a sin for me to do
that and I will not sin. I will not be led to sin. I want to stop
you from taking more souls." It was a challenge that had been
placed before her. She was starting to expose her pussy to him and
he was drawn to it. "It is a sin to indulge in the pleasures of the
flesh." She quickly countered, "But if it is a sin, then why did
God make it feel so good. To have a man run his hands over my soft,
warm flesh feels so good. When he slips his big, hard cock into my
tight, wet pussy, it feels unbelievably good. How can that be a
sin?" 

He hadn't noticed that he had been slowly moving towards her. She
was now only a few feet from him and he was having a sudden impulse
to touch her. He looked at her. There was fire in her eyes but he
didn't see it. He was thinking about what she had said. He reached
out slowly and placed his hand on her leg just above the knee. Then
he slowly started to slide it up her leg. Her legs were soft and
silky smooth. The feel of her silk covered skin was electrifying to
him. She slid forward, towards him, and leaned forward to expose
her breasts to him. "Now father, reach up and cup my breast with
your hand." He was lost in the sensation and was following her
words. The suggestion was being driven by the unbelievable pleasure
it brought him to touch her. 

He slowly cupped her breast with his hand and then, instinctively,
he started to squeeze it. Her nipple hardened right in his hand and
he pinched it with his thumb and forefinger. His other hand had
found its way up the inside of her left leg and was gently brushing
against her wet pussy. She moaned softly and moved her moist lips
towards his. "Oh yes, father, that's it, you're much too hot to stop
now, aren't you? Oh! that feels so good. Kiss me, father." His lips
were inches from hers when he suddenly broke out of the trance he
was in. "No! It is a sin! I shouldn't be touching you." She leaned
back on her resting place and smiled. 

She stood slowly, reached behind her back and drew the zipper of her
dress downward. When it reached bottom, she pulled her dress forward
and let it drop off and to the floor. Her body was enough to excite
any man. She knelt between his legs. He was staring at her breasts as
she took his hands and guided them to her sides, pulling him downward
to his knees. Then she slowly put her arms around his neck and started
to move her mouth towards his. "Father, the touch of my body excites
you. The lure of my lips draws you. All your life, you've fought
against evil, but it is evil that gives you the most pleasure. Now,
father, the time has come for you to give in to it."

She kissed him on the lips. His mind exploded like a volcano. His
mouth was trying to devour hers and the kiss was really hot. His
hands were all over her tits and ass. She loved the way he lost
control and went after her body. She reached down and opened his
pants. She found his cock was not only fully erect, but also one of
the largest she had seen. 

He could not resist her. He lifted her and pushed her back onto her
resting place. She pulled him by his cock right up to her pussy
lips, "Now father, sin with me. Fuck me." He could feel the warm
wetness of her pussy around the head of his cock and he could not
hold back. He rammed it into her all the way. She screamed in
pleasure as he groaned. He instinctively started to slide it in and
out and as he did, she started to come. The idea of seducing this
priest was so exciting to her that she had a tremendous orgasm. As
she came, she tightened up around his cock. The feeling was so good
that he couldn't stop. He was ramming into her harder and deeper.
He was lost in a frenzy of total lust. He was pounding into her
like a wild man. He couldn't stop. The feeling was so good. She was
so much better than the village girl.

It felt so good to her that she started to come again. Her screams
and moans of passion drove him on. He knew that she was going to
come again. He was getting closer and closer. As she came for the
second time, he could feel her pussy sucking on his cock and it
drove him on even harder and deeper. He wanted to fill her so
badly. 

She stopped him long enough to turn him onto his back and climb on
top of him. Then she lowered her hot pussy onto his stiff cock and
started to ride him hard and deep. His hands instinctively went to
her hips and helped guide her up and down. Soon he was nearing
orgasm again. She leaned forward, letting her huge tits hang before
his face. He grabbed them and started to devour them like a
starving man. She was nearing another orgasm, feeding off his
uncontrolled lust. Her pussy began to tighten around his cock. The
feeling was driving him to the edge. She could feel his cock
swelling and pulsing with blood. Then her orgasm sent her over the
edge. She came in a loud scream. Her orgasm made her shake and
shutter wildly. As she came, the feeling was too much for him. With
a loud groan, his cock erupted into her. Huge, hot torrents of come
shot from his cock into her hungry pussy. As he shot into her, she
collapsed onto his chest and sunk her teeth into his neck. The
pleasure and the pain made his orgasm even more intense. He knew
she was killing him but he couldn't stop coming into her.

He looked on in horror as the vampire fucked and sucked the priest
to death. He couldn't tear his eyes away. He knew the pleasure the
priest was feeling. He longed for it himself. But his will held him
back. His strength having at least partially returned. He stumbled
towards the two writhing figures. He picked up the priests cross
and with what little strength he had, he drove it through her
heart.

She screamed in death as she had screamed in pleasure. He plunged
it in deeper as he had his cock. In a moment, the priest and the
vampire lay dead together. The hero stumbled from her lair, only
his memories of the pleasure she had brought him would haunt his
nights. He need not fear her, only her memory.
