Archive-name: 3plus/redhd.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: A Walk in the Woods...or the Adventures of Vanessa the Red 


       Once upon a time, there was a girl who lived on the edge of the forest 
   named Vanessa. Betcha thought her name was Red. Vanessa had long, wavy 
   strawberry-blond hair and had the nickname of "Red". She was a very 
   pretty girl, with long legs and large breasts that seemed to defy the 
   law of gravity.
       Red had a girlfriend who lived in a cottage in the woods and often 
   went to visit her. Red gathered some things she had borrowed on her 
   last trip -- vibrator, x-rated video tapes -- put them in a basket. 
   The morning was a little cool, so Red put her hooded cape on over her 
   dress, and started off into the woods.
       Along the way, she found some wildflowers growing near the trail and 
   stopped to gather some. They would make a nice gift for her friend.
      "What are you doing, little girl?" The voice belonged to a stranger 
   standing in front of her.
      Startled, Red looked up. The man had shaggy red hair and a full beard. 
   He was dressed in tight jeans and a t-shirt. The jeans seemed to draw 
   attention to the bulge at his crotch.
      "What do you have in your basket -- toys??" He poked around in her 
   basket, leering at her as he did so. It reminded her of a wolf, just 
   before eating his victim.
      "Nothing you'd be interested in!" Red grabbed her basket and started 
   back up the trail.
      "Oh, you might be surprised -- wouldn't she, boys." 
      Red turned around to find herself surrounded by the stranger and 5 
   other men. The leader stepped forward & removed her cape. He pushed 
   down the top of her peasant blouse, causing her firm breasts to bob 
   into view. "I just love unwrapping presents," he said, squeezing one 
   of the orbs. Leaning over, he flicked at the nipple with his tongue & 
   drew it into his mouth, lightly nipping at the hardening nipple with 
   his teeth. Red gasped. She felt herself being lowered to the ground 
   and tried to struggle, but found she was being held down. 
   Hands gripped her arms over her head, while other hands 
   gripped her ankles and began spreading her legs apart. Two mouths 
   suckled her breasts while other hands began pushing her skirt up. She 
   felt tongues and mouths working their way up her legs and thighs. She 
   tried to struggle again, but no no avail. Her panties were pulled off 
   and she felt a finger rubbing her clit. It shouldn't feel good, but it 
   did. She could feel herself growing moist as a tongue replaced the 
   finger. She raised her hips to meet the tongue and it worked faster, 
   moving in and around her clit and pussy. She felt her legs being 
   spread further apart and hands and tongue explored her clit, pussy and 
   ass. She felt something warm and hard rubbing against her clit. He 
   moved his cock over her pussy, catching the moisture that had collected. 
   He eased the head in and out, spreading her lips to push more of his 
   cock into her. She felt pressure on her shoulders as someone straddled 
   her neck and began rubbing her lips with his cock. Instinctively, she 
   licked her lips and began licking at the head. He pushed it at her 
   mouth, and she opened it to accomodate him. The cock in her pussy 
   began moving faster. She rotated her hips to match his rhythm. She 
   could feel it go deeper and deeper. Red was in ecstasy from the hands and 
   mouths on her as her climax started to build. As the contractions took 
   over her body, the cock in her pussy began its own throbbing, filling 
   her with his cum. The cock in her mouth began pumping faster, and she 
   sucked harder, aware that the cock in her pussy was being replaced by 
   another one. She felt the cock in her mouth swell as it squirted hot 
   cum in her throat. She swallowed to keep from gagging and sucked the 
   remaining cum. Cock #3 in her pussy came & was replaced by cock #4. He 
   pulled her hips toward him, impaling her with his cock, pulling her on 
   top of him. Placing his hands on her hips, he slowly slid her up and 
   down, going deeper with each thrust.
       "Play with your breasts," he commanded. She reached down and rolled 
   the nipples between her fingers and licked her lips as the surge of 
   pleasure ran through her body. As if that were a signal, cock #5 pushed
   against her mouth. Red reached up with her hands and pushed it into 
   her mouth. Working her mouth up and down the length, she held onto his 
   legs for support while being fucked from below. Hands continued to 
   roam her body, massaging her pussy and ass. She felt a tongue flicking 
   across her ass and anus. Pushing her legs forward, she raised her hips 
   to meet the tongue. The tongue was replaced by cock #6 as he pushed 
   the head slowly in and out of her anus. It shouldn't feel good, but it 
   did. She pushed against them, taking more of their cocks into her, 
   while she sucked on the cock in her mouth. She felt her orgasm overtake
   her and pushed hard against them. When she did, both cocks inside her 
   pussy and ass came. The owner of the one in her mouth held onto her 
   head and pumped into her throat, squirting his cum. Finally, Red passed
   out from the intensity of her orgasms.
       When Red came to, there was no sign of the men. She gathered her 
   things, straigtened her clothes and found her way to her friend's 
   house.  "What happened to you?" Vicki said as she looked at the 
   disheveled Red.
       "You wouldn't believe me," Red said as she set her things down. 
       "I need the use of your bathtub."
       Red told her friend what happened as the water filled the tub.
       "You poor dear -- and six of them too!" Vicki was sympathetic, but 
   leered a little herself as she watched the voluptuous redhead undress. 
   "Let me help you, Dear," she said, picking up a washcloth. Red leaned 
   back in the tub & closed her eyes. She smiled, enjoying the little 
   sensations, as Vicki lathered her breasts. Vicki's hands replaced the 
   washcloth; they felt soft and gentle. Red could feel herself getting 
   aroused as Vicki continued to lather her stomach slowly, inching her 
   way on down to Red's pussy. When her soft hands reached Red's clit, 
   Red moaned.
       "Did I hurt you?" her friend asked. Red shook her head and opened her 
   eyes. Vicki was kneeling beside her, naked, and fingering her own pussy.
       "Not at all," Red said, smiling. "Either join me in here, or let's go 
   where there's more room."
       Vicki helped her out of the tub & dried her off & led her to the bed 
   & began kissing her. Red pulled her down beside her and returned the 
   kisses, moving from Vicki's full lips to her throat and down to her 
   erect nipples. Vicki moaned as Red drew them, one by one into her mouth. 
   Red continued kissing and nibbling Vicki's belly, working down to her 
   pussy. Vicki squirmed and wiggled around until she was under Red and 
   returned kisses on Red's belly and pussy. Each tongue found it's mark 
   on a wet, dripping clit. As tongues flicked faster, their moans became 
   louder. They became engrossed in each other and didn't notice 6 male 
   faces peering through the window...

--
