Better Red in Bed


Why do I like redheads so much? Well, maybe the story 
that follows can explain it.

Actually, I grew up hating red hair. I had several bratty 
red haired cousins, so from the earliest time that I can 
remember, I associated red hair with them. I was also 
embarrassed during the second grade when a red haired 
girl named Renee wanted me to sit next to her. At that 
time I didn't care much for girls. (Boy, have I changed!)

Anyway, I was about 27 or so before I learned to love red 
hair; or as I like to think of it: "Better Red In Bed!" How 
did this marvelous transformation occur? I owe it all to 
my six-year-old niece, herself a redhead. (Keep reading, 
nothing nasty with my niece).

My half-sister lived about forty miles away from me. At 
the time, we both lived in Massachusetts and our 
respective families lived in Colorado and Arizona, so we 
were sort of thrown together by the fact that we were 
only family close enough to visit once in a while. I tried 
playing the doting uncle for her kids; taking the boys to a 
Red Sox game once in a while.

One weekend, a friend grabbed some tickets to a game 
and had one extra. I called my sister and suggested that 
since I'd already taken the boys, that I should take my 
niece, Valerie, this time. Well, being only six at the time, 
Valerie didn't care much for the game, but had a lot of 
fun talking me into buying her stuff.

The game ran into extra innings and it was really late 
when we got out of the stadium. I called my sister and 
suggested that Valerie could stay the night with me and 
I'd bring her home the next day. Valerie thought the idea 
of a sleep over was great. On the way home, we stopped 
at the grocery store because, being single and all, I didn't 
really have anything at home a six-year-old would want 
to eat.

We were in the ceral aisle arguing about what brand of 
sugar coated cereal to buy when I turned my back one 
moment. I turned around and Valerie was gone! I hurried 
down the aisle and looked around. There, not twenty feet 
away, in front of the produce section, she was talking 
with a woman. A gorgous, red-haired goddess in spandex.

"I have red hair too," Valerie was telling the woman. The 
woman was amused.

"I'm terribly sorry," I apologized as I walked up. "I turned 
my back one minute..."

"Don't worry about it," the woman said, "She wasn't 
bothering me."

I gathered Valerie up and headed back to my cart. I spent 
most of the rest of the time in the store trying to 
explain to her why she shouldn't go running off and 
talking to strangers.

Well, to make a long story shorter, I had a good time that 
weekend with my niece. Although she was a bit of a 
terror around her brothers, by herself, she was a sweet 
and wonderful kid.

About two weeks later, I was attending a weekend 
retreat sponsored by my company. We went to one of the 
ski resorts and spent most of the time talking about 
productivity and quality, you know, stuff like that. I was 
scheduled to take a week of vacation following the 
seminars, so I decided to stay for a few days at the ski 
lodge and enjoy the fresh air and scenery.

The first night alone in the lodge, I went down to the bar 
to unwind and relax after a day of hiking. It was sort of 
crowded. I bought a drink and headed for a empty table. 
Just as I sat my drink down on the table another person 
did the same. I looked up and stared into the most 
beautiful green eyes. "Remember me?" she said.

"You!" It was the redhead from the grocery store.

We decided to share the table, since there were no others 
available.

"How's your little girl?" she asked.

"Oh, you mean my niece. I'm single and don't have any 
children."

"That's a shame, you seemed to be so good with children."

She introduced herself. Her name was Sarah. After a 
little small talk, we began to get to know each other. 
Sarah told me that she thought men who were good with 
children were really sexy. I couldn't believe it, she was 
coming on to me.

Well, we spent the night in the bar, drinking and talking 
and dancing. Sarah had a tight, lean body and large firm 
tits. I especially enjoyed the way she pressed up against 
me when we danced.

The bars close at 2:00 am in Massachusetts but we were 
still wide awake, talking and getting to know each other, 
so Sarah and I headed to my room. On the way up, we 
ordered from room service.

In the room, we spent a few more minutes talking and 
then, after room service brought our drinks and some 
food to snack on, we laid on the bed and began necking 
and kissing and touching all over.

Before I knew it, we were both naked and I could see 
Sarah's body in it's fully unclothed glory. She had 
freckles across her tits and shoulders, and down her 
arms. She had a full bush covering her pussy and even had 
hair on her legs. She explained that she had really 
sensitive skin and couldn't stand to shave. As she 
explained this, she held up her arm to brush her hair from 
her eyes and I could see a bright red tuft under her arm 
as well.

Sarah was worried that I'd be turned off by all the hair, 
but I was actually turned on by it. It was something 
totally different.

We laid naked on the bed and touched each other and 
eventually got into a really hot 69. Sarah had the most 
wonderful pussy. Beneath all the hair, there was a hugh 
clit that she loved to have sucked. Her mouth felt 
wonderful on my dick as she slowly rolled her tongue 
around the head of it.

"Fuck me," she said. I moved around and slid into her wet 
pussy. I don't know if my dick would have found her cunt 
through all that hair expect for the slick path I'd made by 
licking her. We kissed and I let her taste herself on my 
mouth. Her pussy was really tight and curved just right 
to match the shape of my dick. I was in heaven. I buried 
my face into her long red hair and pumped away.

By now, Sarah was moaning in my ear. "Come inside me," 
she said. "Give me your cream." This put me over the edge 
and I shot off inside her tight red haired pussy.

We laid on the bed, panting and trying to catch our 
breathes. We started nibbling on the tray of food beside 
the bed. Being summer, there was a large bowl of fresh 
strawberries. As we fed each other strawberries and 
cream, Sarah got this really nasty grin on her face.

"I love strawberries and cream," she said. She took one of 
the strawberries and licked the end of it with her tongue. 
The cream came off onto her tongue and she swallowed it 
down. "Ummm, I love cream," she said. "But, I think I like 
this cream better." She took the strawberry and ran it 
down between her legs. A glob of my cum covered the 
strawberry as she popped it into her mouth.

She took another strawberry, and instead of dipping it 
into the whipped cream, Sarah slid it into her pussy!

"Do you like strawberries and cream?" she asked me.

"Yeah," I told her. She laid back and spread her legs. "Eat 
my strawberry cunt," she said. "Lick up that cream."

Well, needless to say, I learned to love the taste of 
strawberries that night. And the taste of my own cum 
fresh from a hot pussy.

Now, I have a hard time (no pun intended) passing the 
produce section in a grocery store without thinking of 
Sarah. I often buy a pint of strawberries and lovingly eat 
each one, thinking of her beautify red pussy hair, her 
tight pussy hole, and remember how sweet that night 
was.

Someday, when she's old enough, I might tell my niece 
this story. And someday, maybe I'll meet another redhead 
that can turn me on the way Sarah did. Until then, I can 
only hope for "Better Red in Bed."

