RED DRAGON
By Chris 
 
I turned left from La Cienegaonto Wilshire and saw the place. The 
"Red Dragon Karate School." It crouched incongruously next to 
the Temple Beth-Israel. Through its plate glass window I saw 
twenty sweaty boys, their damp hair awry as if they had all just 
rolled out of bed. But one boy especially held my attention; no 
shirt, dirty bare feet, and a crop of blond hair that was making my 
dick strain against my seat belt. God, what further perfection might 
lie beneath his short, stiff cotton karate pants?
 
WHAM. With a sudden jolt I looked into my rear view mirror, 
directly into the rusty grill of an old Ford truck. Collapsing back 
against my seat, my heart races more from my recent epiphany 
than from the sound of my car's bumper falling off and clunking 
to the pavement. "What the hell did ya' thing you're doing?" 
screams a red faced guy, who seems to keep growing as he steps 
down from the cab.
 
Oh shit. Time to be charming. I step out of my Toyota. "Here's 
my driver's license. Shall we see if this school has a phone we 
might borrow?"
 
"Phone?! What about my goddamn truck?"
 
"Wow!" I hear from my left elbow, in one of those breathless pre-
pubescent voices that always makes my head turn uncontrollably. 
Standing in front of me is the little guy that distracted me in the 
first place. "What a great crash!" he adds.
 
"Did you see the whole thing?" I ask him
 
"Yeah, you came zipping around the corner, and then you hit your 
brakes. You were looking right at me, and then BAM, he smacked 
right into ya'! It was fresh!"
 
"Uh...yeah, I guess that's what happened. Would you please give 
me your name, address, and phone number? I might need your 
help...in court." Seeing him close up made me swoon. He was 
surfer-boy tan, and smelled gorgeous. I took one deep breath, and 
focused on the dew on his upper lip. Get it together...
 
I look up from his overwhelming smile and find twenty barefoot, 
bare chested boys gibbering on the sidewalk about the spectacle I 
just provided for them. And one maddened sansei, screeching 
"You must come back! We not through!"
 
"Cool! Yeah its Paul Webber..."
 
"Man, I thought you'd died, or something."
 
Where was I? Heaven? I looked up into the face of the most 
beautiful cherub.
 
"Stand back young man. Give him some air."
 
"I wrote my address down and put it in your pocket. Call me!" 
and suddenly he was gone, back into the Red Dragon.
 
Then I had to deal with paramedics, the police, and the truck man. 
Definitely not heaven.
 
****
 
"Hello? Is this Mrs. Webber?"
 
"No. Mrs. Webber out right now."
 
"Is Paul there?"
 
"Just one minute."
 
A scream of PAUL bleeds through the woman's hand on the other 
end of the line. Another line picks up.
 
"Yeah?" Another click.
 
"Paul? This is Chris. I passed out in front of the Red Dragon the 
other day."
 
"Yeah! I was hoping you'd call. You want to get together? Man, 
that was great. That truck wasn't even dented!"
 
I'm glad that I'm sitting down. "Sure. I don't live that far from 
you. Can I come pick you up?"
 
"Absolute! My mom's not gonna' be home till ten tonight."
 
"What about your Dad?"
 
"He split when I was a kid. I'll just tell Maria that I'm heading out 
for a bite. Meet me at the corner of Third! How long?"
 
"Yes. Five minutes."
 
****
 
Paul's wearing a pair of Spandex biker pants that show me just 
what I wanted to know. His dick looks like it's just started that 
marvelous growth spurt, double entendre intended. And his tight 
white T-shirt says "JUST DO IT."
 
I pull over to the curb and he hops right in. "Let's go to your 
place."
 
Urp. "Sure. I've got some pictures there. Of the accident."
 
"Is that guy trying to sue you, or what? As far as I could tell, you 
were in the clear."
 
A couple of minutes later we're back at my house. I rent a little 
guest house back off the street. The house is behind a mansion 
owned by a retired couple who never come out to see the light of 
day. All the better. They even let me use the pool.
 
"Man, what a setup! Is this all yours?" I explain to Paul my living 
arrangements, and how my time is flexible as a photographer. He 
seems impressed.
 
"Cool. Are you married?"
 
"Uh no. Actually, I'm gay. But I'm not seeing anyone. Does that 
bother you?"
 
"In California? You gotta' be kidding."
 
Well actually I was, in one sense. Kind of like "fishing."
 
I unlock the front door, and lead Paul down a few steps into my 
sofa-pit. "Would you like something to drink? A Coke? Beer?"
 
"Sure, a Coke sounds great! This place is amazing! You must 
make a lot of dough!"
 
He flops himself down onto my leather couch, and kicks off his 
Reeboks, which he wears without any socks.
 
Bringing in two Cokes, I ask Paul if he wants to see my 
portfolio.
 
"Yeah. Sure."
 
I can hear my temples throbbing as I open the large book across 
our two laps. The first picture is of a nine-year-old boy I knew a 
year ago, soaping up his penis in the shower. Paul looks 
interested, and turns to the next page. This one is of a twelve-
year-old that I met in a park near Paul's house. In this picture he 
stands next to his discarded clothes, and smiles proudly at the 
camera, holding his large erect penis in one hand. For this one we 
went out in the desert outside Tijuana, near twilight.
 
"Wow! That's Billy! He gives the best blowjobs. I knew you 
were cool when you crashed 'cause of me." And with that Paul 
reaches over and starts fondling me through my pants. I moan, 
loudly.
 
"You're beautiful, Paul..." I whisper, letting the book slide off 
our legs to the floor. I move my hand over his now fully stiffened 
penis, and circle one fingertip over the head of his cock where his 
pants are damp and slick with precum.
 
Paul breathes heavily, and quickly peels out of his shorts. A 
gorgeous pink penis thrusts up into my waiting hand, and I slip 
lower, hovering over his delicious pole. Breathing hotly against 
his belly and cock, I wet one finger and slowly caress his super-
tight asshole, over and over again.
 
When I finally push in from behind, I also suck his now purpled 
head into my mouth, and slide it in all the way so that my lips 
brush his tan, hairless crotch. I murmur "Nude sunbathing? 
You're pretty cool yourself." as I go down another time, this time 
taking his tight, tasty balls.
 
Paul can only moan in response as I caress his magic button 
inside, and run my tongue up and down the underside of his 
slender dick. He frantically reaches down, and manages to pull 
himself around while grabbing my waist, so that his golden hair is 
now down on my jeans. While rocking slowly back and forth on 
my fingers and into my hungry mouth, he unbuttons my fly and 
pulls my cock out, and quickly sucks it in.
 
I gasp, and slow him down through my own slower motions on 
his silken shaft. I pull his shirt up, so that I can see his taught 
ribcage, and play with his erect nipples. Paul's back arches under 
my arm and he spasms, pushing his cock deep into my mouth, 
locking his firm legs around my head, and spurting just the tiniest 
bit of boy-juice onto my tongue. Not able to hold back any longer, 
I pump my own load into his slick and tender boy-mouth, and he 
gulps it all down. We hold each other's dicks in our mouths for 
one more cum a piece before reluctantly releasing each other.
 
Panting, I tickle my finger across Paul's tight belly, which dances 
up and down in response.
 
"Hey, that's not fair!" he shrieks, and pulls me off onto the floor.
 
"Forgive me, Red Dragon." I reply, "I am but your most humble 
servant."
 
We spent the rest of the afternoon with Paul teaching me some 
karate, and me teaching him some new things about what a boy-
cock can do given the proper guidance. That evening I even got up 
the nerve to skinny dip with him in my landlord's pool. I sucked 
his slim dick longingly as he held himself just slightly out of the 
water under the diving board. But finally I had to drive him home.
 
We hugged in the car, and he fondled my cock as he reached for 
the door.
 
"Call me tomorrow?"
 
"Absolute, Red Dragon."
 
THE END
