Archive-name: Family/relxchld.txt
Archive-author: J.F.W.
Archive-title: Relax Child You Will Learn


	This work may be morally offensive to some, as the subject matter
is regarding incestual relationships.  The title of this work is from
Queensryche's song "Silent Lucidity."  This story may be shared with
others, but remember not to plagarize, sell, or steal!!!  Comments are
appreciated.  



I.

	I'm a really shy person.  At fourteen, I guess most girls are shy.
 My time is spent in the basement den of my house, watching TV, reading
books, masturbating and fantacizing about sex--like most fourteen-year olds
do.  The den has always been my private abode, free of everyone except for
my eighteen-year old brother, Jesse, who's bedroom is right next to the
den.  My parents never come downstairs, and my brother and I like it that
way. 
	Jesse always seems to have a different girlfriend in his room.  I
listen to them having sex with curious amusement.  He can look so sweet and
innocent, but he shows no remorse when he moves on to the next girl.  He
always moves carefully, teasing his prey until it almost begs to be
killed.  When he finally takes her, he knows there will be no resistance.  I
hear her moan, and I slide my hand under my clothing, exploring the soft, hot
flesh throbbing in the folds of my groin.  I wonder what it would feel like to
have him pumping into me, making me moan like she does.
	And when it's over, he walks out of the room and wipes his arm
across his mouth as if he's finished his meal.  He takes a piss in the
bathroom with the door wide open, so I can see him.  He does it on purpose
to make me feel uncomfortable, the way big brothers love to do.  Grabbing his
penis with both hands, he spreads his legs, tightening his buttocks as he
releases.  He always looks over his shoulder, to check if I'm watching. 
Sometimes when he's going back to the room, he gives me a nasty
grin and says, "You know that I was thinking of you."
	I try not to blush and tell him to fuck off, pretending to be
really uninterested as I switch channels with the remote.  I do get horny
from the idea of him thinking about me when he's screwing another girl,
though.  Too bad he's my brother.  At least it makes for good fantasy
material. . .

II.

	I've always teased my little sister Lara about sex, but now
there's tension; everything has changed.  It was the evening I caught her
masturbating in the den, but she didn't see me.  I just watched her as she
slid the mineral water bottle in and out, breathing heavily and clutching
the back of the couch with her other hand.  It got me really hard.  When
she was finished and pulled up her shorts, I pretended to have just come
out of my room.  I thought she knew I caught her, but she didn't say
anything.  I went to the gym, because I was really tense about the whole
situation.  I took an extra long shower that night, jerking myself off so
hard that I thought I was going to faint.  I imagined it was me sliding that
cold bottle in and out, making her orgasm for the first time.
	After I showered, I sat on the lazy boy in the den and watched TV
for a while.  Lara lay on the couch, left leg dangling off the side,
thoughtlessly resting her right leg on the back.  She didn't even realize
that with her legs outspread like that, her pubic hair showed through her
loose fitting shorts.  My sister never wears underwear, and it drives me
nuts.  To see her naked flesh, her nipples rubbing against her cotton tank
top. . .

III.

	Jesse sits down on the chair like he usually does after working out. 
I'm watching TV, and I glance over at him.  Then I see.  I see what
he is thinking.  He doesn't realize I'm looking, so I open my legs a little
farther and look directly at him.  His head jerks up, eyes open wide.  I
laugh.  Our eyes lock and his face flushes red.  I gently move the edge of
my shorts to the left, allowing him to stare in amazement.  I can see the
bulge growing in his sweatpants.  My heart races, as I realize the
implications of the taboo I've just broken.  He swallows hard and stares,
speechless.
	 I purse my lips and raise my eyebrow inquisitively, "I dare you."
 Jessie looks surprised, and then he quickly recovers with that nasty
smile.  He moves over to me slowly, kneeling  beside the couch.  His eyes
blaze a deep blue as he stares at me.  Despite his attempt to act
cool and detached, I know he's scared.  I can see his lips trembling as he
gently brushes his left hand over my shorts, exposing everything.  He
moves his face over my naked skin, and the heat of his breath sends a
chill up my spine.  He lifts his eyes as if looking for approval,
hesitating.  I think it's the first time I've ever seen him look insecure.
 "Are you sure?" he asks, blue eyes piercing mine.
	Seeing him look so unsure makes me want him more, and I begin to
breathe harder.  I can feel myself blushing, "I've never wanted to lose my
virginity to anyone else."  My muscles tense in anticipation.

IV.

	Oh my God, what the fuck am I doing?  I can't, I just can't.  My
heart was pounding as she said those last words.  I could feel her tense up,
and oh, that hot, sweet smell.  It drove me over the edge, and I forced my
tongue inside her.  She gasped in surprise, and in a reflex, she pulled my
face closer.  She was so wet, so innocent, so sweet. I pulled her shorts off.
	Wrapping my arms tightly around her thighs, I buried my nose in
her hot flesh, watching her sigh with every movement.  I began to lick her
slit slowly from bottom to top, teasing, gently sucking.  We began to
rock, Lara pushing herself closer every time.  My groin was throbbing
with every rasping breath she took.  She kept repeating, "Oh, Jesse. . .
oh, no."  We moved faster, and I knew she wanted it.  I looked up at her
breasts, hard and erect.  Her movements were instinctive as her hips
rotated.  "Jesse, fuck me,"  she whined.  I kept licking her, from the
bottom upwards, stopping each time to taste the throbbing bead at the top.
 She tried to pull away, but I jerked her cunt back and held her tight,
straddling my face in the middle--then I gently put my mouth to her
again.  I licked her over and over as she moaned, begging for more.
	I stopped and began to suck her clit, teasing it with the soft
pressure of my tongue.  She dug her nails into my shoulders, involuntarily
sitting upright. I stopped suddenly.  She squirmed and pulled off her
tank top as I pulled down my sweats.  She spread her legs open and I held
her knees down, restricting her movement.  I just watched as she
squirmed.  She began to masturbate in frustration.  She was grinding
upwards, begging me to fuck her.  Her breasts looked so hard and tense.  I
took my shirt off and climbed over her.  Our lips locked hard, bodies hot,
and she wrapped her legs tightly around my waist.  We rocked in a heated
embrace, ready for me to stick it deep inside.  I plunged, my dick so hard
and her so wet that it slid in easily.  Lara gasped, her eyes wide.  "Oh
my god, Jesse!"  I felt the grind, deeper, harder, again and again.  Lara
clung to me, letting out a muffled scream as she came.  Watching her try
to maintain control made me push harder, feeling my own involuntary
contractions stiffen every muscle.  I groaned in pain with a burst so hard
that my temples pounded.  I collapsed on top of her, both of us breathing
hard.
	Then she kissed me gently on the cheek.  She seemed so fragile in
that moment, I was afraid I might hurt her.  She clung to me and buried
her head in my shoulder.  She was crying softly, "I love you so much
Jesse."  Those words made my heart stop.  I looked at her face streaked
with tears.  I desperately ran my hands across her long brown hair, the
same color as mine, trying to console her,"I'm so sorry. I'm so
sorry. I'm so sorry. . .
	Please, shhhhhh, it's o.k."  I started crying, too.  For the first time
in my life, I knew I was in love.  I realized that I couldn't use her like the
others.  My heart sank, knowing that I tore the virginity from a
fourteen-year old girl, raping her.  My little sister.  I held her close,
shaking with a mixture of fear and longing, "Oh Lara, what have I
done? "


worceste@plains.NoDak.edu
-- 
