Archive-name: 3plus/rene.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Rene


Rene invites me to a party, tells me that another woman will be there,
someone he met at an evening course.
    "Married woman, hungry for cocks, a real sexy lot!"
Unfortunately I cannot make it until later, but I promise to come as
soon as possible. ...
    Noone notices the doorbell, but the door is unlocked and I can
enter the flat. There is light in the drawing room and the bedroom and
sexy music is coming out of the speakers in the drawing room. From the
bedroom I can hear voices, short laughs and panting movements. I walk
to the door and what a sight! Lisa is on the bed, legs widely spread.
Between them I see Caesar's head, nodding excitedly as he puts his
tongue to work. Rene is on his knees above her head, slowly pumping
his cock, and watching with pleasure as here eyes follow the movements
of his hand on that big, brown, stout cock. Hugo is sitting in a
chair, watching, playing with himself.
    Lisa is having a good time. Her eyes close involuntarily, her
hips rock as she moans lightly. Rene lets his cock brush her cheeks.
Then suddenly he catches sight of me. Quietly he leaves the bed, comes
to me, begins to kis my mouth while letting his cock move in and out
between my thighs. Doesn't take long before my cunt begins to leave
glistening traces on that handsome tool of his. Then he takes me by
the nad, leads me to the bed, beckons to Caesar to move over and helps
place my head between her legs. If she notices the change, she doesn't
let on --- she is so occupied now with her own approaching orgasm, she
couldn't care less. Her movements become wilder and wilder as I bury
my face in that soft creamy spot. Her clitoris is hard and stiff and I
play with it more and more. Just as I can feel her gegin to reach the
heights I feel someone lifting up my behind, fondling my cunt --- 
oh, it is so slippery --- gently spreading my legs. 
    And there it is, the first thrust, gently now, he knows he
mustn't disturb the rhythm, but oh how excited they all are to watch
two ladies entertaining each other! She shivers, spasmodically, and
with a wild cry she arches up to meet the ceiling. From the corner of
my eye I can see Rene pumping wildly, so it must be Caesar fucking me
from behind, heavily panting, yes, yes, yes, there he goes and reels
back, leaving cum seeping down my thigh.
    With an effort Rene brings his own hand to a pause; gently he
guides me over, eases Lisa down in the bed, helps me lower myself over
her face, and before she knows it, she has the taste of cum mixed with
woman in her mouth. She liked what she had from me, so she is only
too willing to pay me back. Gently she explores another cunt, finds
the clit stiff and expectant, oh, she certainly knows what to do with
it! Slowly, lustily she teases it, and I roll slowly over her tongue,
leaving Caesar's cum all over her cheeks. Caesar is relaxing in a
chair now, but Hugo has returned to the bedside, playing even more
eagerly with himself now. I hear him gasp as Rene places himself on
his knees above Lisa, pointing his magic tool at me. What can I do but
open my mouth? But soon I am so excited I cannot concentrate on
sucking any more; his cock just goes in and out at its own will. She
sends me off like a rocket, ohhhhh! --- and at the same time Hugo
shoots his load over our bodies from beside the bed, leaving us
soaked. But Rene is not satisfied, not just yet; down with G. on her
back, side by side with Lisa, legs spread, and before we know it, he
is screwing us both, now G.'s cunt with five deep long thrusts, now
Lisa's, while Caesar and Hugo take turns finger fucking the one who is
left with a vacant cunt. Who is going to have his load? Oh, he is
fair; at the very moment when we have both been close to cuming, he
raises up, stands on his knees and pumps, shoots his load all over us,
leaving us soaked, smelling with cum ...

And I was caught in the middle. I had been fucking her husband for
months, but couldn't tell her, and now I had had her, and couldn't
tell him.
--
