Archive-name: Changes/renee02.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Kidnapped! - 2


                    REMEMBERING

     Renee' noticed that her arms were no longer secured to
the bed as the nurse placed a thermometer under her tong to
check her temperature.  Then the nurse started taking her
blood pressure.  After this she started adding various
liquids to the I.V. attached to Renee's arm.  The woman in
white turned to Renee' and said, "The doctor has order the
restraining straps removed from your arms.  The lower half of
your body is secured so that it cannot be moved at all.  This
will accelerate the healing process.  In a moment I'll check
your new pussy to see if everything is going well.  In a week
or so you should start feeling a tightness across your chest
as the breasts beginning to grow.  That's normal.  You should
also know that you'll be in bed for a few weeks and then in a
wheel chair for a few more.  If it was just the transplant
you would up and around a lot sooner.  But they also broke
your pelvis bone and inserted extenders to give you womanly
hips."

     As Renee' listened to the nurse the pain killer and
sedative began to make her very drowsy and finally fall
asleep.  Then the dreams started of her past life as Jeremy.
                      .   .


....................Jeremy parked the old clunker in front of
the small suburban ranch house where Carol, his wife, two
daughters and himself lived.  It had been a bad day at the
plant.  He wished he could find a better job.  But with only
a High School diploma prospects weren't too good.  At least
he made enough money so they could live comfortably and Carol
didn't have to work.

     He got out of the car and limped to the front door,
remembering the accident that almost killed him and left him
with a bad right leg.  The door opened and Carol was standing
there wearing an old house dress.  "Hi! Jere!, she said
letting him walk into the house.  Closing the door Carol
said, "The kids are at Granma's house until tomorrow."  She
smiled and unbuttoned her house dress and let fall to the
floor.  Her nipples stood at attention on her proud breasts,
the pubic hair on her Venus mound glistened with juice from
her cunt.  "Get those clothes off!  I want that big cock of
yours rammed into my cunt right now!", she demanded.

     Carol walked to the middle of the room laid on her back
grasped her legs just above the knees and pulled her legs up
and to the sides.  This opened her cunt lips wide, showing
her erect clitorus over her slightly open vagina.  Some
droplets of cunt juice started leaking out of the hole and
started to run down into her ass crack.  The puckered rosebud
of her anus peaked out between her ass cheeks.  Hurry up! And
ram that dick up my pussy!", she moaned and started rotate
her hips.  "I'm horny as hell!  After you fuck my pussy,
you'd better fuck my ass too! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!", she cried.

     Jeremy ripped of his clothes, knelt between Carol's up
thrust legs.  He grasped his 11 1/2 inch poker in one hand
and guided it to Carol's cunt.  Teasing her moved his cock
head slowly across her cunt and rubbed her clit.  This sent
visible shock waves thru Carol's body.  After two or three
minutes of this.  He brought his cock to her vagina and
slowly inserted the head into her cunt hole.  The head pushed
aside the lips stretching the hole as they entered.  Then
inch by inch his long thick pole forced its way into her
pussy.  This slow action wasn't fast enough for Carol.
Releasing her legs she grabbed his ass cheeks and pulling
with all her strength rammed him all the into her pussy until
their pubic slammed together.  She held him there savoring
the feeling of the large cock in her twat.  It felt as if
would go completely through her and come out her mouth. She
loved it!  Releasing his ass she grabbed her legs again.  She
cried, "Screw that pussy!  Fuck my brains out!  Fill my guts
with cream!"

     Jeremy backed nine inches out of her cunt and then
slammed it all back in.  He continued this slow slamming of
her cunt for some minutes with her cunt rising to meet his
every stroke.  When their orgasms came closer the speed
picked up.  The steady slap, slap of his ball hitting her ass
and the squishing sounds from her pussy egged them on to
faster and harder strokes.  Every time he slammed into her
she would grunt like a bitch in heat.  Suddenly she stiffened
and screamed loudly, "AAAHHHHHHHHHH, SHOT IT IN ME!  I'M
COMING!"  Jeremy rammed his big cock all the in and shot his
load of cum into the sucking pussy.

     Carol's legs flopped onto the floor, out spread, and
Jeremy collapsed on top of Carol with his cock still buried
in her cunt.  With her lovely breasts flattened by his chest
he nuzzled her neck and french kissed her mouth. Their saliva
mingling as their tongs intertwined.  After what seemed an
eternity Jeremy lifted himself off of Carol his dick going
"PLOP" in protest as it left the tight, hot tunnel.  Carol
sat up grabbed his flaccid dong. Put in her mouth and
immediately started to suck it back to life.  She wanted it
in her ass as soon as she could get it hard again.

     She sucked the cock down her throat, she loved it, it
was the biggest cock she'd ever seen.  It had taken her three
years of practice to get of it into her mouth and throat.
But it was worth it.  Her sucking was bearing fruit the cock
in her mouth was getting broader and harder.  She started a
fucking action with her head.  The feel of the cock sliding
up and down her throat was getting her hotter and hotter.
When she was so hot she couldn't stand it any longer she
released his cock from her mouth, crawled to the coffee table
and handed Jeremy a tube of K.Y. jelly and told him to lube
up.

     Jeremy opened the tube and squeezed a glob onto his hand
then coated his dick with it.  Squeezing out some more jelly
he ordered Carol on her knees with her head and tits on the
rug.  Kneeling behind and in between Carol's legs Jeremy
brought his fingers to her asshole and inserted them slowly
into the tight hole, greasing her shit hole liberally.
Grasping his long prong he brought it to the puckered lips
and slowly pushed it into her.  She grunted as his entered
her causing pain, but with erotic pleasure, as he stretched
her ass muscles open.  As he filled her with his cock she
felt it sliding and expanding her guts.  When his hips were
stopped by her ass cheeks he waited til her ass had adjusted
to his big prong.  After about a minute, Carol moaned, "Yes,
Yes, fuck my ass with that horse cock of yours."

     When she said that Jeremy began pumping her ass with his
dong.  After a few strokes Carol began to push her ass back
at Jeremy's cock as he pushed into her asshole.  The friction
of the big cock sliding in and out of her shit passage was
bringing Carol closer and closer to orgasm.  When she felt
Jeremy's cock balloon larger with his cum she started
slamming her ass back harder and faster so she could cum at
the same time as Jeremy.  All at once the orgasm hit her with
the force of a sledge hammer.  "It's here! Fill my guts with
your cum!", she screamed.  Jeremy pushed his dick as far as
he could into her rectum and squirted his sperm into her ass.
After her ass milked all the cum from his dick he pulled it
out.  As his pole came out Carol ass spumed his milky cum
out.  She turned and kissed him with her tong exploring every
crevice of his mouth......................

     The room was still in darkness as Renee'/Jeremy drowsily
awoke. It was very quiet and after a few minutes she fell
back to sleep.....................

     Carol and Jeremy left the house on the way to a very
classy restaurant.  It was their 5th anniversary and they
were going out to celebrate with dinner and dancing.  The
their young daughter taking a nap with Carol's mother
watching her.  Jeremy started the car and backed out of the
driveway. Carol watched Jeremy as drove to town.  It was
twilight and there was very little traffic on the road.  A
bright idea entered her head and she smiled like a imp.

     She put her hand on his pant leg and lightly squeezed
his leg.  Then she began rubbing her hand up and down his
calf.  A few minutes later, sliding the hand to his fly, she
slowly unzipped him and brought his cock out.  Holding the
cock in her fist she started to jack him.  He started to get
hard almost immediately.  Leaning over she put her head
between his legs and put four inches into her mouth closed
her lips tightly and started to suck like a vacuum cleaner
while jacking the rest of his cock with her hand.  Her tong
swirled around the cock in her mouth.  Then she started to
bob her head up and down fucking herself in the mouth.  This
got Jeremy hot very fast.  She felt his cock starting to
balloon so she backed off and only kept the cockhead in her
mouth as she sucked and jacked.  Soon her mouth was filled
with hot cum that she swallowed as fast as she could. His cum
kept coming and she had trouble getting it all down but she
managed to do it.

     When he finished cumming she kissed his wonderful
cockhead on the tip and put his dick into his pants and
zipped him up.  Carol straightened up and giggled while
looking at Jeremy.  Smiling Jeremy remarked, "I almost plowed
into a couple of trees, my little cocksucker."  He lovingly
placed a hand on her thigh and gently squeezed.  Moving his
hand over her cunt he rubbed it though her dress and she
bucked up her hips to meet his hand and groaned with
pleasure............................

     ........................... They were sitting in the
restaurant wait for the meal they had ordered a few minutes
ago.  Carol was talking about Maree', their three year old
daughter, had done during the day.  Jeremy slipped his left
shoe off and to play footsie with Carol under the table.
Carol's eyes were twinkling as he did this.  Emboldened he
kept raising the area he was rubbing with his foot.  Soon his
foot was at her crotch and he searched for her pussy lips.
He quickly felt the heat pouring out of her hot, sweet cunt.
His toes told him that she didn't have any panties or
pantyhose on.  Carol's eyes turned glassy as his big toe
rubbed her clit.  Then he slipped his toe into her and foot
fucked her.  As the waiter brought them their steaks Carol
came wetting Jeremy's sock.  She let out a little sigh as she
thanked the waiter with a dreamy look in her eyes.  After the
man left she told Jeremy that he was incorrigible and
giggled......................

     ........................... Yesterday had been Jeremy's
seventeenth birthday and he was still a virgin.  His buddies
had been ribbing him all last night at the party his parent's
had thrown for him.  He knew had a slight build and got very
tong tied anytime he was around girls at school, but his
mother said he was good looking.  Weighing only 158 pounds he
was definitely not a jock.  Hell, they'd murder him on the
football field and he didn't like sports anyway.  Well at
least it was Saturday, maybe he could figure how to get a
date for next weeks dance.

     It was warm for a Saturday morning in the middle of May,
Jeremy was in the backyard mowing the lawn.  He noticed
Donna, the next door neighbors daughter, trying to start
their mower.  Finishing the lawn, Jeremy walked over to
Donna.  Donna was a heavy set girl in the same year of high
school as Jeremy.  She was taller than Jeremy, had brunette
hair, and weighed about 165 pounds.  Donna would look good if
she lost about 40 or 50 pounds.  Her face was pretty, but
plump, and her hair long and silken.  As he got closer to her
she tried to start the mower again.  Her large breasts and
ass cheeks jiggled like jello when she pulled the cord.

     "Having trouble Donna?", asked Jeremy.  Donna turned
toward Jeremy and smiled.  "The dammed thing won't start and
Dad'll be mad as hell if the yard ain't mowed when my parents
get back from vacation Monday.", Donna complained.  "Don't
worry about it Donna.  It'll only take a few minutes to do.",
replied Jeremy.  With that he started to mow the neighbors
lawn.

     When he finished Donna invited him in to have something
to drink.  Jeremy followed her as she walked into the house.
He sat at the kitchen table as Donna went to the refrigerator
to get something for Jeremy.  Bringing two glasses of milk to
the table she handed one to Jeremy.  "Thanks for doing the
lawn, Jeremy, I don't need dad yelling at me for not doing
it.", she said.  "I've been in the dumps for a long time now
and don't need anymore.  I'm over weight, but if I go on a
diet Mom yells at me.  No one wants to take a fat bitch out
anywhere!", complained Donna.

     Jeremy looked at Donna and said, "Yeah, that must be
tough.  If you parents pushing food down your throat.  My
problem is that I get all tongue tied when I try to ask
anyone out.  It gets boring staying home on a Friday night."

     Donna stared into space for a minute and replied, "Ya, I
know what you mean.  I'm so tired of it that sometimes I want
to cry."  There was silence for a few minutes and then Donna
suggested, "Jeremy, since you can't ask anyone and no one
will ask me.  Take me to the dance next Friday, PLEASE!, I
need to go!"

     Jeremy looked at Donna for a minute, her eyes were
pleading him to say, yes!  He sat there thinking for a minute
and said, "What the hell!  Why not, sure I will."  A big
smile appeared on Donna's face and then she grabbed Jeremy
and kissed him full on his lips.  "Jeremy, I'm glad that
you'll do that for me!  I'm fed up of staying home and being
a nice girl for Mama.  Do you know what I'm going on a diet
and I don't care what Mama says."  She kissed Jeremy again
and this time her tongue forced its way past Jeremy's lips as
she french kissed him.

     Her tongue danced around Jeremy's tongue feeling and
poking every crevice and moist area.  She put her hands on
his back and pulled him close.  Her large tits flattening
against his chest.  Jeremy's hand began forcing its ways
between them trying to feel her large soft breast.  She
loosened her grip to him room to grasp and fondle her large
boobs.  His fingers found her nipples soft nipples and he
started to pinch and roll them between his fingers.  As he
did this the nipples started to harden and get larger.

     Donna's pussy started to get wet with cunt-juice and she
could feel something hardening in Jeremy's pants.  She took a
hand from his back and forced it between their straining
bodies.  Her hand felt something very long and hard in
Jeremy's pants.  She fumbled with the fastenings of his pants
and finally opened them letting Jeremy's massive cock free.
Feeling his cock with her hand and finding no end, she
stopped kissing and pulled free from him so she could see
what size dick Jeremy was hung with.

     Donna knelt before Jeremy and stared at his horse dick,
had to be 11 inches long!  She leaned forward and kissed the
tip of the pole.  Holding his cock in both hands, she looked
up.

     "Jeremy, its soo big!  Do you split the girls in half
when you screw them?"

     "I don't know Donna, all the girls think I'm a nerd and
won't have anything to do with me."

     "I know what you mean, Jeremy, just because I'm fat done
of the boys want anything to do with me.  It's a real drag."

     Her hands began sliding up and down the his big cock
bringing moans from Jeremy.  Suddenly Donna stopped pumping
and holding his dick tightly she dragged him to her room
upstairs.  Entering her room Donna released Jeremy's cock and
quickly removed her clothes leaving only her bra and panties
on.  Then turned to Jeremy and unbuttoned his shirt and
removed it.  She grasped the bottom of his T-shirt and pulled
it over his head leaving his lean chest bare.  Leaning
forward Donna started kissing his chest and nipples with her
soft lips while her hands went to his jeans and unfastened
them.  Sliding them down over his buttocks she knelt in front
of him, and pulled his shorts down releasing the massive pole
of a dick.  She opened her moist lips, then inserted the
cockhead into her mouth.  Her tongue found his piss-hole and
she lapped the pre-cum oozing from it. It tasted slightly
salty and sooo delicious.  Donna rammed face onto his cock
until it jammed at the back her mouth.  Sucking his meat she
moved her back and forth fucking motion and laved the under
side of the cock at the same time.

     Sweat appeared on Jeremy's forehead as his nuts
tightened.  This was the first blowjob he had ever had and he
knew his balls would explode their load in record time.  He
grabbed Donna's hair and pulled her to him as he blasted his
hot semen into her hot sucking mouth.

     After Donna sucked Jeremy's cock dry and drank all of
his jism.  She let his cock fall out of her mouth, and said,
"Did you like that, Jeremy?"  Jeremy nodded yes as he looked
at Donna's plump body.  "That was wonderful, Donna, where did
you learn to suck cock like that?", Jeremy asked.  "That's
the first time I ever did that to anyone, Jeremy.  I found
some video tapes my father has hidden in the garage one day
and watched them.", Donna replied.

     Jeremy pulled Donna to her feet and clasped her into his
arms as he kissed her passionately on the lips.  He swirled
his tongue inside her mouth playing tag with her tongue.  His
hands went to the clasps of her large bra and opened them
setting her boobs partially free.  Still hotly kissing her
mouth he lowered the straps off her shoulders.  Hunching his
shoulders to give some room he let the bra fall to the floor.
Then tightening his arms around her he mashed her bigs tits
against his chest.  They felt hot and very soft except for
the nipples themselves that poked into his skin.  His dick
was getting hard again as he slid his hands to her hips.  He
hooked his thumbs into the elastic waistband of her panties
and pulled them slowly down.  When they were past her large
ass he brought his hands to her breasts and started to kneed
them furiously flattening them into her chest.  Donna wiggled
her body to make the panties fall to the floor.  Still
kissing Jeremy hotly she stepped out of them and moved to the
bed.

     The bed creeked and bounced as they fell into it
together.  Jeremy released Donna from his embrace and
positioned her on her back.  Kneeling over her he lightly
kissed her neck several times with small, wet pecks.  Teasing
her.  Moving slowly downward he licked her chest in small
circles.  Reaching the base of her tits he licked around them
and then worked his way slowly to the large erect nipples.
He bit them lightly in their turn exciting her ever further.
When he was through kissing and fondling her boobs he licked
his was across her stomach stopping at her belly button.  He
inserted his wet tongue into it, bringing soft groans from
Donna.

     Leaving her belly button behind he worked his way down
to her pubic hair.  As Jeremy reached Donna's cuntal crack
Donna opened her legs wide, bending her knees and digging her
heels into the bed to give him full access to her virgin
cunt.  Jeremy opened her cunt wider with his fingers and
looked at her rosy pink cunt.  Her clitoris was unhooded and
standing at attention.  The vagina was slightly open and
dripping a thick lubricating liquid down her ass crack.  The
sweet aroma of her cunt was sending more blood into his large
cock making it harder.  He felt that he had a steel rod down
there!  Slowly he brought his tongue to her clitoris and
started to lick it very slowly.  Donna's hips jumped as his
tongue touched her clit and made her moan with passionate
pleasure.  After very lightly biting her clit with his teeth
he dragged his tongue across her slit to her cunt hole and
sucked her sweet juices into his mouth tasting cunt juice for
the first time.  Jeremy loved the taste and lapped up the
juice running towards her asshole.  He didn't want to waste
any of her juice!  Returning to Donna's clit he swirled and
lapped at it until her hip were grinding and pushing in a
fucking motion and she neared her orgasm.

     Sticking a finger into her vagina made Donna gasp with
coital pleasure.  Jeremy twisted his finger feeling the walls
of her cunthole grasp his inserted digit.  Donna screamed and
bucked as the orgasm hit her sending cum juice to squirt past
Jeremy's finger to leak down to her ass.  Her knees flopped
down onto the bed opening her cunt even more.

     "Oh, Jeremy!  That thaaat thaaat was soooooo gooooood!
I've never felt anything like that!  Can can you fuck me
now?", Donna gasped breathing hard.  She ground her hips in
lust.  Showing she wanted something long and hard stuffed
into her cunt!  Jeremy, kneeling between her legs, looked
into her begging eyes and said, "Donna, I want to put my dick
into that hot hole of yours, but I'm afraid of hurting you."
Donna smiled and purred, "I want you to stuff that thing of
yours into my cunt!  Do it slowly so I can feel it going in.
Do it now!"

     Jeremy inched forward until the tip of his cock touched
her wide open cunt.  Donna grasped it and brought it to her
waiting hole.  Jeremy pushed his hips forward pressing the
tip of his into her cunt.  She moaned with pleasure as his
cockhead pressed past the lips of her vagina.  Pushing harder
another inch of cock went into Donna.  Donna felt Jeremy's
hard member forcing its way into her hot cunt.  There was no
pain yet due to the large amount of cunt juice in her pussy.
The large cock move another half inch in her hole and was
stopped by her hyman.  Another push and nothing happened.
Jeremy backed out a little and as Donna pushed her cunt up
Jeremy pushed down with his long cock.  The force of their
combined movement ripped Donna's hyman aside and let Jeremy's
cock bury itself to the hilt in Donna's cunt.

     Donna felt a sharp pain as her hyman broke, making her a
woman, and grunted then told Jeremy, "Hold still for while I
need to get used to you in me."  Jeremy stopped, feeling the
walls of her cunt pressing against his cock.  Her cunt hairs
were intertwined with his.  Two or three minutes later Donna
whipered, "Fuck me now Jeremy! Fuck me now!"  Jeremy started
to slowly pump his rock hard prick into her hot, wet,
grasping cunt.  He increased his speed as Donna movements met
his.  "Yes!  Yes!  Fuck my brains out!  Stick that cock of
yours into my stomach.  Fuck me! Fuuuuck Meeeee!", Yelled
Donna.  Jeremy's balls slapped against her ass as he rammed
his cock into her faster and faster.  Squishing and sucking
noises echoed as they moved faster and faster.  Donna
screamed, "It's getting close!  Fuck me harder!  Ohhhh!
Gaaaaa!  Fuck me! Oooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Donna's orgasm hit suddenly tightening her vagina around
Jeremy's cock like a vise milking him as he came with her.
Squirt after squirt of hot jism flooding her wanting cunt.
Hot cum and blood gushed past the squirting cock staining the
bed as Jeremy slammed his cocked into her with his last push.

     As his satisfied cock slowly deflated he kissed Donna
passionately as he pulled his cock out of her sweet cunt.
"That was beautiful, Jeremy!", Donna whispered, as she hugged
Jeremy to her large bussom.  They kissed and cuddled as sleep
crept onto them from the furious fuck.  As they fell asleep
jism and blood dribbled from Donna's satified cunt.  She knew
she had to have that rock hard cock in her again, and again.
Maybe she'd have him stick up her ass too!  Jeremy's cock
twiched as he felt her boobs pressing into him.  What would
it feel like to tit fuck her?????????????????????????????


THE PROFESSOR

See Chapter 3
Renee begins her life as a woman.


--
