
                                 "The Renter"

I had placed an ad in the paper to rent a room. Having to pay all of the rent 
for such a large house was draining my resources. Besides, a guy of 18 who had 
moved away from his parents watchful eyes, needed to show them that he was self sufficient! 

The ad said "Wanted, male, 18 to 24, to share 2 bedroom house, with same. Rent, $200 per month. Call..." and the number was listed. I had the ad running for a 
few weeks and a number of guys came by to look. The house was a typical bache-
lor pad, sparse furniture and no frills. It was located in a quiet neighborhood
and far back far from the street and other houses. I was renting from a couple 
who had moved to Florida and wanted someone to take care of the house. 

I guess that either the house was too far away from civilization, or my house
keeping was atrocious, because I had no takers. My money was starting to run 
low and having no extra income as I had planned, was getting to be a real drag. 

Then I got a phone call from Julie. I hadn't considered renting the room to a 
girl, as I thought that it could cause some complications when I brought a date home. She was in a terrible need of a place to stay. Her apartment complex had 
been sold and the rent was increasing to a point where she couldn't afford to 
live there anymore. I told her that I didn't really want to rent to a female, 
but she must have sensed that I was getting desperate to find a renter. She 
talked me into letting her look the place over.

When I opened the door, I was taken by surprise. I had envisioned a plain look
ing girl with glasses. She had long blonde hair, which cascaded down to her 
waist. Her blue eyes sparkled with excitement and she was a very beautiful 
vision of loveliness. I ushered her into the room and began making excuses for 
the shape of the house. She ignored my comments and seemed to have a number of 
ideas to spruce up the house.

I was being entranced by her beauty and wondered if I should really rent her 
the room. Although there was some complications, I thought that it just might 
work out to our mutual benefit.

She said that her name was Julie and she liked what she saw. She also said that the closets in the spare room would be fantastic for her clothes. She was 
ready, willing and able to move in that night. She had been staying at a 
friends house for the past few weeks and it was getting very cramped. I hesi
tated but when she said that we could try it out for a month and see how it 
would work out, I relented. I needed the extra money towards the rent.

Julie moved in that night. She didn't seem to have much with her when she came 
back, but would move the rest of her things in the next weekend. She put her 
room in order and came back out into the living room, where I was watching TV. 
She had a few pictures with her and asked me if I would mind if she put them up on the wall. Having none up myself, I said "Sure". She started making herself 
at home right away.

The next day was Saturday and I was out in the yard cutting the grass. Since it was very hot, I had my shorts and shoes on, but that was it. I was really 
sweating while I pushed the mower around. How I wished that I could afford a 
power mower. As I passed the living room window, I thought I noticed Julie at 
the window, but wasn't sure. The sun was shining against the window and the 
reflections from it were quite bright. It sure was hot!

As I was finishing up the yard, Julie came out of the house with a tray of 
glasses and some lemonade. "I thought that you could use this about now" she 
said, "You have really been working up a sweat". As she said that, she put the 
tray down, poured me a glass and sat down. As we talked, I could not help but 
notice that she kept looking at my body.

I felt somewhat uncomfortable. Julie was sitting opposite me and kept looking 
me over. Not staring, mind you, but more than a casual glance. I was muscular 
and was in pretty good shape. Her eyes seemed to be probing me, checking every 
crevice of my body. Still we talked although nothing was said about sex. I 
don't think that she was intentionally trying to embarrass me, but it was work
ing. I was getting excited!

All of a sudden, she said that she had to start dinner and I had to get back to the lawn. I watched her as she walked towards the door; her bottom swaying in 
the most sexy way. I had quite a lot of trouble keeping my mind on the lawn. I 
wasn't sure, but I think that she was watching me occasionally from the window.

When I was done, I put the mower away and went inside. The smell of the pot 
roast was fantastic! My mouth started to water as I headed towards the bath
room. There was only one bathroom and it was in the hallway. Julie and I would 
have to share it. As I started up the shower, I found that the exhaust fan 
wasn't working, and would have to leave the door ajar to let the steam out. I 
like the shower hot and can really fog up a bathroom. I slid the shower door 
shut behind me and started lathering up. The whole time I was in the shower, I 
got the feeling that I was being watched. It was probably a feeling left over 
from earlier, when I thought Julie was staring at me.

I dressed for dinner (something I hadn't done when I was alone) and we sat down to eat. Julie was wearing a loose-fitting blouse which left little to the imag
ination. I could see where the top of her breasts met and her nipples were 
somewhat visible through the cloth. She was very beautiful and I was started 
getting aroused! She had set a very neat table, napkin holders, matching plates and even a vase with flowers in it adorned the table.

"You have been very busy today, haven't you, Julie", I said. "Well, you worked 
hard today yourself and you deserve a good home-cooked meal". I asked her about herself and she about me. We had a number of things in common and I felt very 
much at ease with her. We seemed to be hitting it off from the beginning.

After dinner, we sat down to watch a movie on television. I guess that I dozed 
off, because eating such a big dinner always makes me tired. When I woke up, I 
think I noticed Julie looking at me again. I think I was getting paranoid. I 
decided to go to bed, but couldn't get to sleep. I started wondering why she 
might have been watching me cut the lawn and while I was sleeping. The more I 
thought about her, the hornier I got! Since I sleep in the nude, it was easy 
for me to put my hand on my dick and rub it. It felt so good that I didn't want to stop. Julie was so good-looking and I was getting so excited!

I was so involved in taking care of my needs, that I didn't notice that Julie 
had come into my room. She was wearing one of those see-through nighties and 
the hall light behind her, left nothing to the imagination as far as her figure went.

"Hey Joe, I knocked on the door, but I guess that you didn't hear me." I had 
pulled my hand out from under the sheet and tried to look innocent. I didn't 
know what to say. "You were knocking on the wall and it kept me from going to 
sleep" she said. I realized that my bed must have been hitting the wall as I 
was jerking off. Before I had time to make up an excuse, Julie came closer to 
me. Sitting on the edge of the bed, she put her hand on the mound that my dick 
was making under the sheet. It was hardly un-noticeable!

Her hand pressing down on me was almost too much to stand! I was ready to ex
plode. Sheepishly, I told her that men sometimes have to take matters into 
their own hands. There was no reason to lie, as she had caught me red-handed. 
She started to rub me and said "Your house needs a woman's touch and from what 
I see here, a woman's touch is something that you need also."

"I have been watching you today, you know. I think that you are the cutest guy 
that I have ever seen." Blushing, I thanked her. She was taking her fingers and
slowly letting them travel up and down my dick. "You have the sexist body. It
has muscles in just the right places and I like the way that your stomach looks like a washboard." "Julie, if you don't stop rubbing me, you are going to make a mess!" I joked. She pulled the sheet down and my swollen dick made sort of a
thump as it hit my belly. She then took her hand and started stroking me again.

Julie was really getting into jerking me off. She was sliding the skin down so 
that the head of my dick was exposed. "Uncircumcised, ummm, different, but 
enjoyable." She took my dick into her mouth and started sucking it. I felt the 
warmth of her mouth around it and it felt so good. She started bobbing her head up and down, and applied more suction on each stroke.

After a while, she removed her mouth and put her hand back on me. She was 
stroking me faster and faster, up and down. I closed my eyes and my breathing 
was getting heavier and faster. I thought about her sucking and jerking me, 
when all of a sudden, she stopped. When I looked, she was undressing and squat
ted down on me, guiding my dick into her juicy pussy. She started lifting her
self up and lowering herself down on me. She was bouncing faster and faster, up and down.

It took only a few minutes before she brought me off. She didn't stop when I 
shot, though, she just kept bobbing up and down for another few minutes. She 
was moaning loudly now and starting to come herself. I was massaging her tits 
and they felt so good. The nipples were getting hard as I rubbed them between 
my fingertips. Finally she came and we alternated between snuggling and having 
sex, the rest of the night.

That was a number of years ago and we are married now. The problem is that we 
still have this spare room. Julie says that if we rent it out, it must be to a 
girl. She says that one man around the house is enough for her.


