Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





by:  Big Daddy


 Replacing Mom (young girl offers herself to her reluctant
father after loss of his wife)

	"How long has it been now since you've made love to a woman?"
she asked her father.  "I mean I cook, I clean, I take care of
the finances.  I do everything else around here.  You need a
woman's companionship."

"I'm not going to sleep with my daughter."

"Oh geeze dad, you're so stubborn.  You need to make love to a
woman and you know it.  All I can say is that when you want me,
you know where to find me."



He had ignored her comments the rest of the night, but at
somewhere after midnight he came into her room in the darkness. 
Not saying a word, he woke her up when he climbed under the
covers with her.

"I'm glad you changed your mind," she said as, without a word,
he grabbed her panties and carefully slid them off.  Working at
her bra he managed to get it off and began kissing her bare
nipples.  "That's so nice, daddy" she said.  "It feels good to
have you here."

Working down her body he kissed her chest, stomach, thighs. 
Then, pulling the covers aside he pushed her knees up and spread
her legs.  She watched as her father positioned his face between
her legs and began to lick her wet pussy.

"Oh yes!!" she moaned.  "Ummmmm, that's so good!!!!"

Frantically he ate her pussy until she was grabbing his hair and
forcing his face into her cunt.  When she did this he stopped
and moved up to lay beside her.

"You're mean, " she teased as she reached down and began to
message his large hard cock through his underwear.  "Oooo. What
do we have here??" she said as she pulled his underwear down and
lowered her head to his cock.  "A gift from daddy?"

When she began sucking his cock he moaned for the first time.

"You like that?" she asked as she continued to slurp and suck
noisily.

"Yes," he whispered.

So she stopped, "too bad."

She crawled up to lay beside him, rubbing his bare cock with her
hand.

"Well now you've got me naked in your bed," she said.  "What are
you going to do about it?"

"What do you want me to do?" he asked.

"I want you to get on top of me and mount me like a stallion,"
she panted.

Her father laid on top of her, his hard cock pressing against
her stomach.

"Well, you've got your fathers cock pressed against your bare
stomach," he grunted.  "What are you going to do about it?"

She reached down, grabbed his cock and guided it to her pussy. 
Slowly he eased himself into her.

"Thi... this.... Oh god!!! This!!!" she panted.  "Ooooo, it's so
big."










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....