THE REQUITAL

By:  Racecar (With a little help from a friend)


	Jim watched in disgust as Beth ran her hand 
along the inside of Paul's thigh.  He had seen, and 
had been a victim of, Beth's flirtations before.  She 
had gained quite a reputation as a cock-tease while in 
high-school and it was obvious she hadn't changed any 
since those days.  Always suggesting, always inviting, 
never following through.  As he watched her, he could 
understand why men would go crazy over her.  Her face, 
while not what you would call beautiful, had a sultry, 
sexy look.  Her "come hither" eyes shouted "Take 
me. I'm yours." whenever they would look directly at 
her victim.  She had a way about her.  Like now.  As 
she reached over from her chair and began patting 
Paul's thigh, her breasts were almost hanging out of 
her low cut dress.  Her brightly colored lips were wet 
and slightly parted as she looked up at Paul.  
Occasionally, her tongue would dart from between those 
lips and slip in and out a few times.  A quick glance 
at Paul's crotch confirmed that he had fallen for her 
game.  Jim couldn't blame him.  Hell, he was just 
watching the action and he was as hard as a rock.

	"I bet I know what you really like."  Beth 
said, smiling up at Paul.  She enjoyed flirting.  It 
was fun.  Not that she'd ever actually get involved 
beyond the flirting, mind you.  Her sex life with Dan 
was fine.  Oh, one might call it predictable, but then 
what married couple's sex life isn't predictable after 
a couple of years.  At times she would wonder about 
different things and maybe fantasize about different 
situations, but she didn't think she would ever be 
able to go through with anything like that.  She 
definitely couldn't bring them up in front of Dan.  
His conservative upbringing would not allow him to 
discuss anything sexual that wasn't "normal".  No, 
the flirting was the fun for her.  Just knowing she 
was having an effect on a guy was enough for her - 
especially if the guy's wife or girlfriend were 
present.  She loved it. She prided herself on her 
ability to bring sex, and her flirtations, into any 
conversation going on.  It was what she did best. 

	Jim looked over at Pat, Paul's wife, and 
shrugged his shoulders.  She smiled back at him, but 
he could tell she was annoyed with Beth.  He smiled 
back, nodding his head and rolling his eyes towards 
Beth's direction.  They both laughed silently.

	The get together had been Beth's idea.  She 
invited them - Jim, Bob, Paul and Pat - over for a 
night of drinks and chat with her and her husband, 
Dan.  They all, excepting Dan, had been friends in 
high school and had drifted apart over the 5 years 
since graduation.  Paul and Pat had been school 
sweethearts and married just last year.  Jim and Bob 
had not yet met their "Miss Right".  To this point, 
the evening had gone well.  They were all, excepting 
Dan again, having a great time talking about their 
high school years and the good times they had shared.  
Dan, on the other hand, had been left out of the 
conversation and, in an effort to feel more at ease, 
gulped down Canadian Club and soda until he passed 
out.  He laid on the floor, against the wall, out of 
harms way.

	As Beth continued her flirting with Paul, Pat 
became more and more irritated.  It was obvious Paul 
was enjoying Beth's attention.  His laughing and 
teasing back played right into her hands.  Finally, 
Pat could not take any more.  She uncrossed her legs 
and stood up.

	"Anyone need another drink?"  She asked, 
waving her empty glass in the air.

	The group unanimously responded in the 
affirmative, all reaching for their glasses.

	"I'll give you hand with that, Pat."  Bob got 
up and started to gather the glasses from the tables.

	"Yeah, I will, too."  Jim chimed.  "No reason 
to disturb the others."  His sarcasm was met with 
knowing smiles from Bob and Pat as they headed towards 
the kitchen.

	Once in the kitchen, Pat started rinsing the 
glasses.  Jim filled them with ice as she passed them 
to him.  Bob stood by and watched, waiting to help 
carry them back to the living room.

	"Do you believe that bitch?"  Pat said, 
breaking the ice about the events taking place in the 
other room.  "Of all the fucking nerve.  I mean 
trying to make out with my husband while I'm sitting 
right there watching.  That takes balls."

	"Relax."  Jim tried to comfort her.  "You 
remember Beth from school.  Always teasing, never 
coming across."  He almost bit his tongue when he 
finished the last sentence.  Pat was one of those 
girls who ALWAYS came across.  No matter what the 
circumstance, Pat was ready.  He remembered going to 
the prom with Betty, sneaking out to an empty 
classroom with Pat for a quickie and then returning to 
end the evening with Betty.  He recalled Pat and her 
date, Stan, leaving early that night, and then 
noticing the car they had come in rocking violently in 
the parking lot when he left some time later.  Yes, 
Pat certainly "came across".

	"Yeah, but she needs to be taught a lesson.  
Sometimes cock teasing gets you something you didn't 
bargain for."  Pat was getting noticeably more 
agitated as she spoke.  "You know what I'd like to 
see?  I like to see her made to fuck the two of you 
while I watched.  Maybe even have her lick my cookie 
while I helped you guys out!"

	"Whoa!  I'll second that!"  Bob laughed as he 
twirled around the kitchen in a dance miming sexual 
intercourse.

	"Me, too!"  Jim smiled.  "But aren't we 
forgetting something.  For one thing, this is her 
house.  Secondly, the law just might consider it rape 
and thirdly, I don't think Paul would go along with 
it."

	"Fuck the house!"  Pat snapped as she slammed 
a glass down on the counter.  "I don't give a shit 
whose house it is.  And fuck the law.  I don't think 
she'd have the guts to call the police.  Not when 
there's three witnesses who swear it never happened, 
that she must have imagined the whole thing in her 
drunken stupor.  As for Paul, I'll take care of him."  
She grabbed the bottle of Canadian Club and poured it 
into the glass until there was only a little space 
left.  To this she added a touch of club soda then 
held up to concoction to admire and for all to see.  
"Are you with me, or are you guys going to wimp out 
on this?"

	Jim looked over at Bob.  For a moment, he was 
frightened about what Pat was suggesting.  Then he 
smiled and shrugged his shoulders.

	"Why not?  How about you, Bob?  You in?"

	"Hell, let's go for it.  I've been dying to get 
even with her ever since the 11th grade when she left 
me with a case of blue balls that lasted a week."  
Bob held his drink up towards the other two in a 
salute.  

	Pat and Jim responded by clinking their glasses 
together with his, taking a swallow and gathering up 
the other two glasses.  Before leaving the kitchen, 
Pat grabbed Beth's Jim Beam and Coke from the counter 
and spilled half of it out into the sink, refilling 
the glass with straight Jim Beam.

	"I'm ready!" she announced and proceeded to 
lead the way back into the living room.

	Once the group had returned to the living room, 
the mood seemed to change.  Jim and Bob started a 
little flirting of their own - directed at Beth, of 
course.  Beth reveled in it.  She was getting off 
being the center of attention for three young men.  
She began to flirt with all of them now.  Sexual 
innuendoes, a well timed incident involving letting 
her breast almost fall out of her dress as she picked 
up a speck of lint off the floor, the rather obvious 
grope when she grabbed Bob's thigh to "help balance 
herself" when she straightened up, the stories of 
past dates they had and the petting in the back seat.  
Everything seemed to be going her way.  

	Pat, meanwhile, said nothing.  She was playing 
waitress for the quartet, all the while thinking of 
what lay ahead for Beth.  She spent the rest of the 
evening drinking straight 7-up and  was careful not to 
let Jim and Bob drink too much while, at the same 
time, never letting Paul's glass sit too long without 
chiding him into drinking up before she ran to the 
kitchen to refill it with generous portions of booze.  
She started to take it a little easy on Beth's drinks 
once she saw her getting woozy.  "No," she thought, 
"I want her awake and aware enough to remember this 
night."

	Finally, mercifully, Paul passed out.  Pat 
giggled as he looked at her strangely, closed his eyes 
and fell backwards, rolling off the couch onto the 
floor.  Jim and Bob looked at Paul lying there then up 
at Pat.  A smile followed by a quick wink from the 
"mastermind" started the plan in motion.

	Jim grabbed Paul's legs and dragged him over 
next to Dan.  He looked at the two and chuckled as he 
thought of how this whole scene resembled a movie he 
once saw where the guests at a party were poisoned, 
one by one, and their b odies stacked up in a corner 
of the room.  The rest of the guests, unaware of what 
was going on, continued drinking and laughing as each 
body was hauled away.  He wiped his hands together and 
headed towards the sofa to sit next to Beth.

	"Come here, Baby.  Let's have a little fun?"  
Jim said as he grabbed Beth and pulled her head to 
his, locking their lips together.  His tongue forced 
its way passed her lips and was exploring her mouth.  

	For an instant, Beth pushed against Jim's chest 
with her hands.  Once his tongue entered her mouth, 
however, she couldn't find the will to resist and 
flung her arms around him, drawing him closer to her.  
Her tongue met his then darted out of her mouth into 
his and together the two tongues searched every nook 
and cranny of each other's mouths.  She felt another 
pair of hands begin straightening her legs then 
tugging on the waistband of her panty hose.  A third 
set of hands was now unbuttoning her dress.  In shock, 
she sat straight up.

	"What ... What are you doing?  Just what the 
hell is going on here?"  She started to flail her 
arms and legs in an effort to free herself from their 
grasp.

	"Take is easy, Beth.  The boys are just going 
to have a little fun.  That's what you wanted, wasn't 
it?"  Pat answered in a sarcastic tone of voice, a 
smile on her face.

	Beth attempted to struggle some more, but Bob's 
grip on her legs and Jim's arms around hers were to 
much for her to defend against.

	"This is RAPE, you know!  You'll never get away 
with this!  I'll call the police!  I'll have the three 
of you thrown in jail for this!"

	Her reaction drew a loud laugh from Pat.  She 
looked down at the frightened girl and was amazed at 
how good it made her feel to finally get even with her 
after all these years.

	"Oh, now.  I wouldn't call it rape.  Call it 
`repayment of promises past due'.  Besides, do you 
really think the police would believe the story of 
one, rather drunk, woman against the story of three 
perfectly sober people, including another woman whose 
husband is passed out next to yours?  Relax, Beth.  
Enjoy it.  You've been taunting everyone with stories 
of how hot you are.  Now it's time to prove it.  I 
think a good gang bang is just what you need."

	"Dan ... Dan will believe me.  He knows I 
wouldn't do anything like this.  You'll ...."
Beth's cries were cut short by another of Pat's 
laughs.

   
	"Dan?  Give me a break."  Pat spoke between 
clenched teeth.  "That husband of yours is so naive 
he thinks the Earth shits ice cream cones.  Once we 
all tell him how you were in high school and how you 
initiated everything tonight, once he passed out, I'm 
sure he'll see it happened just like we said.  
Besides, I'm sure he's seen your little flirtations 
before.  He probably already suspects that something 
is going on behind his back.  Now, you can do this our 
way - nice and easy, or you can continue to fight us - 
and maybe get a little banged up.  Either way, we are 
going to have our fun.  The choice is yours."


	Tears started forming in Beth's eyes as she 
began to sob.  Her body slumped back down into the 
sofa and she felt Jim's lips on hers again, his tongue 
trying to force its way between her closed lips.

	"Lighten up, Beth."  Jim whispered in her ear.  
"An opportunity to have group sex while your husband 
is passed out in the same room will probably only 
happen once in your lifetime.  Enjoy it.  You never 
know, you might like it."

	Beth listened to Jim's soft words.  She would 
like to believe him.  Like to be sure she would enjoy 
it.  It just wasn't in her.  All her life she had been 
the one in control of the situation. Now she was the 
submissive one.  She found it difficult to accept her 
new role, but knew she had little choice.  She parted 
her lips slowly and felt Jim's tongue enter while the 
other's hands were busy removing her clothing.  She 
cried softly now, still frightened, still unable to 
accept her position.  As the tongue continued its 
roaming of her mouth, she felt the coolness of the 
evening air against her skin.  She was naked now.  
Naked for everyone to see.  Humiliated.  How could 
this happen to her?  She only wanted to have a little 
fun.  Boys should expect that kind of flirting from 
girls.    It never bothered anyone before.  "Why 
me?" she sobbed to herself.

	Jim lifted himself off Beth and stood admiring 
her naked body.  Her plump, firm breasts hung over her 
sides as she lay on her back.  Her ass had "ripened" 
well, but still was as firm as he remembered them to 
be in high school.  He saw Bob hastily removing his 
clothes and decided he'd do the same.  As he unbuckled 
his pants, he looked down at Beth again.  She was 
looking straight up at him.

	"Beth, you sure have a nice body.  Better now 
than in school.  But what I like best about you is 
your mouth.  I never realized it before tonight, but 
your mouth is made for lovin'."

	Beth looked up in horror as Jim stood naked 
above her, holding his penis in his hand and aiming it 
directly at her mouth.  She opened her mouth to 
scream, but found the large cock shoved into it before 
a sound could escape.  Jim had both hands on her head 
and was pumping his pelvis hard against her head.  She 
felt her legs being lifted high into the air and 
looked to see Pat holding them up, a smile on her 
face.  Instantly she felt another cock at her vagina.  
She closed her eyes as Bob entered her.  She had not 
been ready for this and the insertion of Bob's cock 
into her dry vagina caused her to jerk away against 
the pain.  Pat's firm hands on her ankles prevented 
her escape and Bob kept pumping away between her legs 
as Jim pushed his cock deeper into her mouth.  She 
don't know why, but she felt herself getting excited.  
Her body was beginning to lubricate her vagina and the 
probing organ began to feel good.  She felt ashamed 
and confused that she would actually feel this way 
while being raped.  She couldn't help it.  Her body 
acted independently of her mind and started to react 
favorably to the situation.

	Just as Beth's body was beginning to respond to 
the activities of the two penises servicing her, she 
felt her mouth fill up with semen, followed by the 
frantic pumping and twitching of the cock buried in 
her vagina, which was about to spill forth its load of 
semen.  She let her body go limp at the limp cocks 
withdrew their position.  She heard Jim, Bob and Pat 
talking to one another.  After a few moments of 
silence, she felt herself being turned over onto her 
stomach.  A few seconds later, she felt her buttocks 
being spread apart and another stiff cock poised at 
her anus.  She jerked forward, frightened at the 
thought of anal sex.  She had never had anything stuck 
in there before and was scared to death.  She 
attempted to force her way off the table but was held 
back by Bob's hands on the back of her neck and the 
weight of Pat's body as it straddled hers and sat down 
on her waist.  She heard Pat giggling and twisted her 
head around so see what was happening.  She saw Pat 
lean her head over, towards her open buttocks, and 
then felt the saliva land directly on her anus.  Jim's 
finger began to rub it around the rim, playing with 
the opening as it circled.  The finger was soon taken 
away and was replaced by the unmistakable touch of a 
cock.  She closed her eyes and prepared for the 
inevitable pain which would follow.  As the Penis 
forced its way into her, she opened her mouth and 
screamed.  Bob's hand grabbed her by the hair and 
lifted her head up high.  Her scream was suddenly 
replaced by Bob's erect cock.  She felt it jab into 
her mouth and shoot for the back of her throat, like a 
missile being launched at an enemy target.

	Beth started crying again.  Not so much because 
of the pain, although the cock working in and out of 
her ass was painful, but more so because of her 
helplessness.  As she sucked the cock being pumped in 
and out of her mouth, she could taste her own juices 
still covering it.  She began to get excited once 
again.  The pain in her ass was beginning to feel 
better - not lesser, but better.  It was a "good 
pain".  She felt her body giving in once more.  Her 
hips started to buck and her head started to work the 
penis in her mouth on its own.  Out the corner of her 
eyes she saw Pat sitting on her back, spreading her 
buttocks and watching Jim's cock violate her most 
sacred hole.  It excited her further.  Her orgasm was 
coming.  She could feel it.  She reached under her 
stomach with her hand and inserted a finger into her 
vagina.  It felt good.  She heard Pat and Jim laugh 
and she knew they were laughing at her playing with 
herself.  She didn't care.  She had to come.  The 
sperm now filling her mouth brought her to a frenzy as 
her hips bucked violently and her hand pumped into her 
pussy frantically.  She felt Jim coming and she began 
to come at the same time.  The orgasm wracked her body 
and caused it to convulse with extreme pleasure.  It 
had been the most intense orgasm of her life.  When 
she came back down from her high, she opened her eyes 
and saw her assailants standing around and staring at 
her.  She didn't care any longer.  She let her finger 
slip out of her pussy and closed her eyes again.

	"Oh no you don't."  Pat said as she grabbed 
Beth by the hair and pulled her head up.  "You're not 
through yet, Bitch.  Turn her over guys."

	The room seemed to spin as Beth's body was 
roughly rolled over onto her back again.  When she was 
able to focus her eyes, she saw Pat standing above 
her, her legs straddling her head.  Beth looked and 
saw that Pat had removed her underwear and skirt and 
was standing there nude from the waist down.  All of a 
sudden it dawned on her what she was expected to do 
next.  She stared up at Pat and began to cry loudly.

	"NO!  Please not that, Pat.  Please.  I can't 
do that.  Not that, please.  PLEASE."

	Beth's tears only served to excite Pat further.  
She had fantasized about what it would feel like to 
have another woman lick her.  She was beyond the point 
of no return now.  Now she was about to find out what 
it felt like.

	"Shut up and start licking!"  Pat spat out at 
the sobbing Beth.

	"Please Pat, don't make me do this.  I can't, 
Pat.  Not to another woman.  I'll get sick.  Please.  
Anything but that.  Please"  Beth clasped her hands 
together in a praying posture.  Her prayers would not 
be answered tonight, however.

	"Did you hear me?  I said `start licking'  If 
you don't start licking my cunt right now, I'm gonna 
piss all over your face.  Believe me, with what I've 
had to drink tonight, I'll piss so much it'll run up 
your nose, into your mouth and all over your carpet.  
Now, if you don't want that to happen, START LICKING 
MY CUNT!"

	Beth remained still, staring up at the vagina 
above her.  She couldn't bring herself to do it.  
Suddenly she saw a dribble start to fall from between 
Pat's legs and land on her forehead.

	"No, No.  all right, I'll do it."  Beth cried 
out as she quickly lifted her head off the table and 
buried her mouth into Pat's vagina.  Her tongue 
flicked out and began to frantically lick the musky 
object over her.  She heard Pat laugh and the boys 
gasp as she worked her tongue.  She was totally 
humiliated.  She could never erase this shame from her 
mind.

	She licked feverishly, hoping to appease Pat and 
get the night over with.  The more she licked, the 
more she became aroused.  The smell of Pat's vagina 
and the thought of her forced submission was causing 
her to react in a manner that had become all to 
familiar to her by now.  She cried as she licked, 
feeling sorry for herself and the predicament she had 
gotten into.  She cried outwardly and consciously, but 
inwardly, she reveled in her new found sexuality.  She 
felt Pat begin to grind her pussy harder and harder 
into her face and knew that the moment would soon be 
at hand when Pat would have her orgasm and she would 
be left alone.  She worked her tongue harder and 
harder to bring Pat's orgasm on quicker.  Within 
moments it happened.  The onslaught of feminine fluids 
and the easing of Pat's gyrations told her that Pat 
had finally come.  She relaxed, slowing her tonguing 
gradually to stop.  She saw Pat straighten her legs 
and remove her vagina from her mouth.  Relief.  From 
out of nowhere she felt her cheeks being squeezed 
together, forcing her lips to part.  She opened her 
eyes to see Pat looking directly into them.

	"Very good.  Very good, indeed."  Pat was 
saying.  "You make a great whore.  But I have a 
little something for you, just to let you know what 
you missed"

	Once again Beth saw the vagina near her 
misshapen mouth.  Her eyes widened and she started to 
struggle when she noticed the small stream of urine 
emerging from Pat's twat and directed at her mouth.  
She felt the urine splash against her lips and teeth, 
trickling into her mouth and across her tongue as it 
dribbled down the back of her throat.  She tried to 
spit it out, but Pat stopped the flow and put her hand 
on Beth's chin, effectively holding her mouth closed.

	"Swallow!"  Pat ordered.

	Beth swallowed.  She felt sick to her stomach 
and began to cry.  When Pat moved from her position 
above her face, Beth put her hands over her eyes and 
began sobbing hysterically.  

	"Stay put!"  Pat ordered her again as she went 
back into the kitchen.

	Jim and Bob watched the whole scene without 
saying a word or moving a muscle.  Now they looked at 
the defeated Beth lying there.  In a way, they both 
felt sorry for her.  Sure, they had wanted to get back 
at her for the way she had treated them earlier in 
life, but now they began to think they had gone to 
far.  Pat returned to the room carrying a fresh drink 
in her hand.  She held it out to Beth.

	"Here.  Drink this."  Once more her tone was 
demanding.

	"What is it?" Beth asked, afraid of what the 
answer might be.

	"Jim Beam and Coke, just what you've been 
drinking all night.  I swear."  Pat watched as Beth 
grabbed the glass from her hand and guzzled it down 
without stopping for a breath.  She chuckled to 
herself.  Once again, Beth had unknowingly played into 
her hands.  She took the empty glass and went back 
into the kitchen, returning with the same glass filled 
up to the brim.  She handed it back to Beth.

	"No, thanks."  Beth politely refused.  "I've 
had enough."

	"DRINK IT!"     

	Beth took the glass and put it to her lips.  She 
was already feeling dopey from drinking the first one 
down so fast.  It wasn't that she was thirsty, she 
just wanted to wash her mouth out.  She would have 
drunk kerosene after what she just had poured into 
her.  Reluctantly she started drinking, mindful of Pat 
standing over her waiting for the empty glass.  When 
finished, she handed the glass back to Pat who again 
refilled it and handed it to her.  She needed no 
orders this time.  She took the glass and drank it 
down as fast as she could.  This time, Pat just put 
the empty glass down on the end table and watched her.  
Within a few minutes, Beth felt her head begin to spin 
wildly.  She looked at the ceiling light turning above 
her then finally going off, leaving her in darkness.

	"She's out cold."  Jim said to Pat.  "Why the 
hell did you do that?"

	"I have plans."  Pat replied.  "Jim get that 
empty bottle of Jim Beam from the kitchen.  Bob, you 
get that stick of pepperoni from the fridge.  I'll be 
right back."  Pat hurried out to her car.

	Jim and Bob looked at each other, shrugged their 
shoulders, then did as Pat had requested.  Pat 
returned holding a small leather case in her hand.

	"Okay, let's get started."  She said.



	Beth stared at the large manila envelope as she 
carried back into the house from the mail box.  She 
looked at the return address and shuddered when she 
recognized the address as Pat's.  She had not seen nor 
heard from her since that night 3 weeks ago.  Once 
inside, she tore the envelope open and pulled the 
contents out.  Her knees buckled and she had to sit 
down when she looked the photos that had come inside.  

	The first photo was a shot of her naked, lying 
between Paul and Dan's unconscious bodies.  Her one 
hand held a bottle of Jim Beam to her lips, while the 
other had a tight grip on Paul's limp penis.  The next 
photo was of her lying on her stomach, her head turned 
toward Dan.  This time her hand was wrapped around a 
stick of pepperoni that was inserted halfway into her 
ass.  The rest of the photos followed the same theme.  
All were pictures of her, naked, in various lewd 
poses.  All showed Paul and Dan lying next to her.  At 
the bottom of the stack of photos was a hand written 
sheet.  She read it.

	Dear Beth,

	We are having a party in your honor.  Many of 
your old boy friends, and the girls they broke up with 
to date you, will be there.  It's at my house, Friday 
at 7:00.  If you don't want Dan to see copies of these 
pictures, be there promptly.

     Pat, Jim & Bob

p.s  Dress is optional.  You won't be wearing one once 
you arrive, anyhow.

	She crossed her arms over the photos she had 
laid on the table and placed her head on top of them.  
She started to cry.  As she thought about what she 
would have to do at this party the tears streamed down 
her cheeks and onto the table.  She noticed her pelvis 
start to grind and her vagina becoming damp.  She 
cried harder.
