(c) Copyright 1996 Mule   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




  RESET.TXT  (FM,INT)                 






                     RESET (A tale told by Mule)

   Ann was always smaller then most for as long as she could remember.  She 
didn't seem to mind as it seemed that most of the women from her home 
country of Vietnam were small in height as well.  Even though she was just
under five feet and barely rang the scales at 90 pounds, she did have one 
large possesion or rather two.  She had a set of tits that belied her small
frame.  Ann hated them saying it felt like she was carrying two basketballs 
on her chest.  But she did notice the favorable effect it had on practically
every male she met.
   
   She also had a particular liking for her husbands large penis.  She felt
lucky.  She heard from some of her friends that their men  were underendowed
and some were actually thankful due to the diminutive size of the women.
    
    Ann felt the hand on the back of her head and sighed.  Her husband liked 
getting head and like a dutiful wife she did her best to give him as much as 
he wanted. She wrapped her thumb and forefinger around his dick and began to 
rapidly jack him off. She lowered her and completely engulfed the throbbing 
four inch cock.  She bobbed her head quickly and peeked at the clock when 
she felt the head begin to puff up in size.  It was then that she went to 
one of her many secret weapons.  
   
   The eyelock.  Anns eyes were large and any man could get lost in them.  
Due to her cocksucking activity, one of her eyes were covered with her jet 
black hair but the other looked at her man and waited till she got 
eyecontact.
    
    Quin looked at his wife and froze at the sight.  Little Ann, her mouth
filled his dick, staring right at him, her perfect face framed by the her 
oversized tits.  He immediately began ejaculating. The first blast hit her 
tounge and she immediately jerked her head back. The tiny oriental woman 
hated the taste of her husbands come and always did her best to avoid it. 
His small wife watched the head mushroom slightly and then burst.  One drop
hit her cheek, another drop hit her chin.
       
       And he was done.
       
       Even though she hated the taste, Ann always loved the sight of her 
husbands dick shooting cum onto her face, and tonight was no exception. For
some reason getting a full blast of her husbands sperm always seemed to turn
her on. .  She took her little finger and dabbed both droplets away, 
checking the clock again and peeking to see her lipstick was barely mussed.
she could see that her husband lasted almost a full minute.  She beamed a 
perfect smile to him.  "Quin, you shot a bunch that time.  Thanks for the 
snack."
    
   Quin managed a weak grin.  "You suck dick so well, honey, thanks."
    
   Ann took several deep breaths, her massive chest heaving in time.  "You
can thank me by giving me what you promised."
    
    Quin nodded and folded his hands behind his head.  "Sure honey just 
gimme a little time to recover."
           
    Ann pouted.  "Just don't you fall asleep on me again!" Ann waited for 
the reply, but instead simply heard the soft sound of her husbands snoring. 
    
    Ann couldn't believe it!  Here she was ready for a good solid fucking 
and her spouse was dead to the world.  'damn', she thought, looks like 
another night of masturbating.  Ann had checked around with her friends and they 
confirmed that Ann was even luckier then they were.  They were impressed 
that Ann's husband was so well hung, so she counted herself lucky, sighed
and lying next to her sleeping husband, masturbated herself to sleep.
          
Chapter Two

      Anns red high heels clicked along the floor as she made her way to 
the shipping department.  She loved her job as a secretary because One) her
Boss loved the way she would dress always wearing short skirts and high 
heels.  Also, he loved to ogle the little big titted woman so much that he 
never asked her very much, almost keeping her as an extra.  Besides he found
that when he did have to depend on her, the little woman always came through
, working late or just making coffee for her important clients.

   Ann was was always early to the job and liked to spend the time talking 
to the men who worked at the companys shipping department.  She had taken a 
liking to one man in particular, nothing sexual she told her husband, but 
the poor guys wife had dumped him and Roger, the mans name, was depressed.
Secretly, she loved to tease the big man and admire his well chisled body.
    
    She spotted the black man loading boxes on the forklift and walked 
slowly to him.  Roger stopped working the instant he saw Ann.  He
loved to just walk her walk toward him.  Her tits were so big that he 
just liked to watch her breathe and delight in the way her jugs moved 
around liked two small animals.  
           
    "Hey Ann!  How are you doing?"
    
    Ann smiled, "Okay, I guess, how you doing, big guy?" "Big guy" was Ann's 
nickname for Roger due to the way he towered over her.  Even teetering on 
her three inch heels, her head barely came past his belly button.
   
   She looked up him.  "Roger, you never did tell me why you and your wife
broke up."
   
   "Yeah I know."
    
    Ann spotted a large wooden box and sat down, crossing her legs.  She 
never wore panty hose.  Just a skirt, high heels always seemed to enough
to get most guys to talk with her for as long as she liked.  She noticed
Roger torn between staring at her beautiful oriental face with too large
eyes or her enormous chest or the smoothness of her silky legs.
   
   "Well Roger, why don't you tell me."
   
   "You wouldn't understand, besides I don't think its proper stuff to talk 
about."
   
   This only made Ann more determined.  "C'mon.  I'll tell you something
personal, if you tell me."
    
    Roger smiled.  It was hard for him to deny Ann anything.  "Well...okay
 but you first."
    
    Ann stretched once, thrusting out her tits at Roger, then she reached down 
and slipped off her heels.  Her tiny toes were painted a fiery red and they
seemed to gloss under the lights.  She arched her feet toward Roger.  
        
   "It seems so silly, but my husband gets really turned on when I paint my 
   toes." She wriggled her toes.  "Isn't that crazy?"
   
   Roger took in the sight and felt his cock begin to barely stir.  
        
   "You'd be surprised at who likes stuff like that."
    
    Ann grinned at the way Roger was trying not to notice her feet, but 
stealing glances at them when he could.   "Okay, now its your turn."
     
     "Why did you break up with your wife."
      
      Roger hesitated for a second.  "You really want to know?"
      
      Ann pouted once more.  "Tell me!"
      
      He sighed once.  "Ann, my dick is too big.  She couldn't handle all
the sex I needed, so she dumped me for a guy with a peewee penis and doesn't
even like sex."

   Ann, the gorgeous secretary, couldn't help it.  She knew she shouldn't 
take a peek, but after a statement like that, she had to see if it was true. 
She glanced down and used one of her tricks.  She knew that if she blatently 
just stared at a mans crotch, that it would grow.  She didn't have to 
wait very long.
      
      It began as a small lurch, and then she watched his member grow
down the side of his jeans.  Anns large eyes followed it and she tried 
to remain calm.  "Roger, it can't be that big.  My husband is quite
large and I have no problems with it." She felt her nipples harden and her
lips automatically pursed.  "I mean, exactly how big is it?"
     
    "Why?  Do you want to steal a peek?"  
    
    Ann blushed and quickly nodded.  The bulge in his jeans was obscenely 
tenting toward her face. "Just a quick look."
      
      Roger looked around.  It WAS early and they were alone.  He had 
fantasized about showing Ann his tremendous endowment and here she
was hypnotized with the size of the bulge before her face.  He took two 
steps to close the distance and reached for his top jean snap.
   
     Anns mouth went dry as she realized that he WAS going to show it
to her.  She knew she should leave.  That things had gone too far, but
at the sound of the zipper, she froze.
              
  She was seated right at the height of Rogers crotch, Ann leaned
forward to get a better look and was smacked in the chin as the foot long
dong sprang from its confines.  The dick pulsed and bucked before her.  
Its stalk looked as thick as a babys arm and was slightly curved to 
one side. The head was easily the size of her fist.  Even the balls 
hung like two giant gooseggs, filled to the brim with jism.
   
   Ann rubbed her chin, sore from the spot where the rod had smacked her.
Her eyes were as big as saucers as she stared at his prick.  She squealed 
a high pitched song that was music to the divorced maan ears.  "Its...its
SO HUGE!!  OOOOWWWWOOOO I've never seen anything like it!"  

   She was stuck to the spot as Roger, bold by the moment, began
to slowly stroke his wrist thick dong inches right in front of her face.
The tiny woman was overwhelmed.  She had thought her husband was big and
here was Roger, with a dick four times the size of her mans jerking
off in front of her eyes.  
   
   She became scared.  "Roger...you stop that!  Don't do that!"  
   
   The well hung black man grinned at the part time secretary.  "But Ann, I
always jerk off to your beautiful face in my dreams, its much better in 
person."
   
    "Why you...you...bastard!  Stop that!  STOP THAT RIGHT NOW!"
    
    The black stud moved his monster inches from her gorgeous little face
and continued to beat off in long grinding strokes.

    "Roger...you stop that!  Don't do that!"  Ann reached out her hand 
to grab his wrist, but at the same, he pulled his hand away. The next thing 
she knew, the gorgeous wife had her hand filled with Rogers giant dick. She 
tried to close her hand around it but there was no way.  It was just too 
thick.  She was mezmorized by the feel and just sheer size of it.  
Instinctively she began to pump him.  But instead of just using her two 
fingers, she wrapped both hands around the stalk and began to slowly jack 
him off.  She grimaced on every stroke, repeating the words as if it were 
a mantra.  "Its SO big...its SO big...its SO big...its just so damn BIG!"
     
     With that proclamation, she looked up and with his monster just inches 
from her face, she pouted and pumped.  She had to see it come.  She felt 
the pressure of his hand on the back of her head and she instinctively 
moved her forward and opened her mouth. She knew what he wanted.  "Roger...I
can't suck you...your dick is too huge."
     
     Roger saw the look of fear on her face.  He also could see her nipples
become rockhard and knew she wanted to suck him off.  "Just try to get a
little of it.  You can do it."  His cock continued to bob like a cobra just
inches from her lips.
   
   Ann swallowed once.  Her nipples were so hard that they hurt, but the
aching length of cock seemed to be calling her.  SHe steadied the monster 
dick.  "I'll try."
     
     She could barely fit the head of the monster inside of her mouth.  She
could barely breathe and her eyes crossed as she saw that she one inch of 
the giant cockhead in her mouth and she wondered what she would do with the
other eleven inches.  Still she knew that her husband couldn't survive her
tricks, so she tried one on Roger.  With her mouth filled to bursting, she
tried to talk and it came out muffled.  "Woger...I just wuv sucking on you 
big dick."

   At the same she sought and gained eyecontact with the man.  She moved one
her hands and began kneeding his balls gently.  Back and forth her head 
bobbed as masturbated him at the same time.  She couldn't believe that he 
was holding out so well.  Her own husband always came in at least thirty 
seconds.  She peeked at the clock and saw that she had been sucking his dick
for the last five minutes.  
    
    Roger saw her steal a peek and spoke softly while holding her head in
his hands.  "Sorry Ann.  But you should know that big dicks take longer to 
come."  He watched gleefully as Ann continued to stuff her throat with his 
chocolate meat.
     
     Ann for the first time in her life felt challenged.  Normally her 
incredible  good looks and giant tits were enough to make any man come in 
seconds, but the giant beef stalk raping her face was holding out quite well.  She 
She knew she should feel awful for sucking another man dick but for the 
first time she KNEW that she could feel satisfied.  Besides, she knew it was
her own fault.  She had teased him and now she paying for it.  Just this 
once she told herself.
    
    She peeked at the clock again and saw she had only minutes before her 
coworkers entered.  She lifted her head amd grabbed Roger jacket from a 
nearby chair and laid it down.  Quickly she unbuttoned her shirt, then 
taking a deep breath she inhaled quickly and sharply and her bra popped off
unrestraining her twin man magnets.  SHe dropped down and laid upon her back.
"Hurry Roger.  Put it between here."
    
    Roger looked down upon the small woman.  Her jugs were bigger, free of 
the bra then he ever dreamed.  Ann's luscious mams were so big that even 
laying down they still touched each other.  Still, he couldnt take his take
time to savor them so he quickly stradled her chest and forced his lurching
prick down between the soft cushy valley and began to fuck them.  
 
    Ann kept turning her face from side to side, but no matter what she did
the tremendous monster dick kept hitting her in the face.  She open her    
mouth and found that her super hung stud could fuck her tits and mouth at 
the same time quite easily.  She finally managed to latch on like a fish 
and began to move around while shaking her tits to Rogers fuck rhythm.  
She could feel the monster head getting bigger and fatter.

    Roger indeed was losing it.  He noted that the sexy little secretary 
was going to polish him off in record time.  He had never seen anyone so
enamored with his big cock.  "ANN!"  

    "ULPPHM" was the only sound she could make.
    
    "ANN!  IM GONNA CUM!!!!"
    
    "ULPHM UH ULPHM"

    "ITS FEEDING TIME ANN!!!!"  With that he gave one grunt and exploded.  
Ann had expected a few drops like her husband always gave her.  Instantly 
she could see that she was wrong.  The first blast went down her throat 
and before she could swallow fast enough, the second blast came and 
filled her mouth to overflowing.  Milkly white sperm flowed from the 
sides of her mouth and down her cheeks and chin.  She grimaced as his
third went down the wrong pipe and she spewed sperm from her tiny nostrils.  With sperm flowing from her nose,
her tiny cocksucking mouth stuffed full with cock and jism, she couldn't 
breathe and found she was drowning in cum.

    She was begining to lose conscienceness, when his eruptions finally 
subsided.  Her face with covered with white jism when his fat cock finally
slid from her throat and gave one final burp of sperm upon her tiny nose.
Ann laid there plastered with cum and gave Roger a cum covered smile.
"Um, can I use your jacket like towel big guy?"
    
    Roger still straddling her chest, his giant foot long dick still semi 
hard and arching toward Anns face, grinned and winked.  "I'll cover for you.
Get cleaned up."
    
    Ann had a thousand thoughts going through her mind, but foremost was 
she mustn't get caught.  She waited till Roger stood up, stuffing his big 
dick back into his pants and began wiping her face.  SHe noted that Roger's
cum tasted different.  It was sweet like ice cream.  She licked her tounge
around her red spermy lips and swallowed.  "hey", she thought, "I like the 
taste."  Ann slipped back into her red heels and finished wiping her face.

   She tipped over to him and kissed him on the cheek.  "Thanks for the meal."
talk to to you later."  Ann indeed would see him later for she had some new
thoughts running through her size queen head.

   
   Chapter Three

   Ann kept busy for the rest of the day,  After her impromptu cocksucking
session, she noted that her mouth and jaw were sore.  Something that never
happened with her husband.  HER HUSBAND!  She began to feel steamed.  Quin 
had told her that his dick was the largest she would ever come across.  Ann
now knew that it was a lie.  Still, she loved her husband and told herself
that she would stay away from Roger and his too large dick. 'Just that once'
she told herself.  'Just that once' to give the guy back his confidence.
   
   Ann was cleaning up her desk when her sister Kat, showed up.  "Hey sis!"

   Ann looked up to see Kat tipping quietly toward her desk.  Kat was 
younger then Ann by a couple of years.  The two looked a little a like, but
Ann was clearly the more glamorous of the two.  While Anns tits were well 
oversize 40 DD; Kats tits were barely more then an afterthought.  Kat was 
also tinier then Ann.  While Ann was barely five feet tall, Kat's head 
barely came up to Anns shoulder.  It was many times that Kat was taken for 
a twelve year old. Her large round rim eyeglasses making her eyes look too 
large for her face, Kat was still pretty nonetheless.

    Ann smiled at her sister.  "Hey Kat why you so happy?"

    Kat leaned over to her sister.  "I just made a date."

    Ann smiled,  "Thats great! You gonna bring him over so we can have a
look at him."

    Kat grinned sheepishly.  "Well, I was sorta hoping you would let me
bring him over for dinner and drinks.  The poor guy hasn't had a homecooked
meal in ages."
   
    Ann was so happy for her sister.  "Sounds great Kat!  Tell you what, 
invite him over.  Come over early and we'll get ready together.  Quin will 
be working a little late today and I could use the company."

    "Sounds great!  See ya!"
    
    *******
    
    True to her word, Kat arrived early and the two proceeded make 
themselves up and talk girltalk.  Kat tilted her head and sighed.  "Gee 
Ann, I wish I just a little of what you have."

   Ann applied lipstick.  She noticed that her lips were still a little 
swollen from sucking dick.  "Don't worry Kat.  In that dress, you're almost
wearing you'll have to fight keep his hands off of you."

   Kat stood up and turned around.  "You don't think its too short?"

   Ann laughed, "Quin says theres no such thing as a too short dress."

   Kat laughed with her.  "You husband is a horndog!  Making you paint your
toes!"

   Ann slipped into her heels.  She thought if her sister was gonna score,
then she could finally get fucked by her husband.  "You did yours too!"

   Kat sighed.  "Whatever will work.  I figure feed him, get him drunk, and 
then pussywhip until he's mine."

   Ann felt her dress.  It was short, snug and low cut.  She knew that once 
her husband saw her in it, he would be all over her.  Her head snapped up.
"Kat!  I forgot the wine!  I better go to the store and get some before the
men get here."

    Kat put on her slippers. "Ohmigosh!  Ann you cook better then I do.  
I'll get the wine.  If he comes while I'm gone, just keep him interested 
till I get back!"

    Kat was flying out of the door, when Ann yelled after her.  "Hey whats 
the guys name."

    "His name is Roger.  He works at the same place you do."  

    The door slammed shut and a few seconds later she heard a car peel out.
Ann just hoped it wasn't the same guy.  After all there were more then a
few guys names Roger at her workplace.  She almost jumped when the knock 
came on the door. 'please let this be my husband.'  She opened the door 
and immediately saw it was HER Roger.  The tall black man towered over her 
and smiled.

   "Ann!  I didn't know you would be here too."

   The tiny woman tried to keep her cool.  "Hi Roger.  I'm helping my sister 
cook. C'mon in."

    As soon as the door closed.  Roger remained standing while Ann took a 
seat.  "Looks you'll be feeding me this time."

   The statement immediately brought the woman back to where she remembered
that earlier in the day, she had been choking on his chocolate meat.  Ann 
didn't think about it, but sitting down was exactly the wrong thing to do.  
She found herself once again eyelevel with his crotch.  Once again she began
to stare and once again it started to bring about the desired effect.

    Roger grinned knowingly at the little woman with the big tits.  "Ann, 
you didn't dress that way for me did you?"
 
   Ann blushed as realized that indeed she was dressed to kill.  The dress 
came just below her crotch, and had no shoulders.  The bust of the dress was
held up by her amazing jugs that were so firm they seemed to defy gravity. 
"No, I didn't.  I dressed this way for my husband."

    Rogers pants seemed to form a tent and his lust filled cock began to 
stiffen at the sight of the tiny sex bomb.  Ann once again was held in 
trance by the tremendous cock bulge.  The handsome blackman smiled.  
"You never did get around to measuring me.  Tell me, I am bigger then 
your husband?"

    The words came out before she even knew she said them.  She looked down
at the floor as she could feel her pussy starting to spit its juice.  
"Much bigger."

    "Am I longer or fatter?"

    "Your dick is much longer and fatter, Roger."  
    
    "So you are saying that I AM bigger then your husband?"
    
    "You have the biggest dick I have ever seen."

    "Does he cum as much as me?"

    "No.  You cum more then he does.  A lot more."

    "Did you mean it, when you said what you said?"

    Ann thought for a second and looked back up.  There it was.  He had 
eased the monster dick from its confines and once again it was seeking
the sweet confines of the young girl's mouth. Once again her eyes grew 
wide as saucers.  She couldn't help herself and she shakily eased out 
her hand to grip the monster. Once again holding the giant penis inches 
from her lips she looked him in the eye.  "Yes, I meant it.  I just 
loving sucking on your big dick"

   With that, she gripped the dick and slowly starting jacking it off.
her mouth opened and like before she struggled to just get the head of the
monster dick into her mouth.  Slowly but surely she starting gorging herself
on it.  As she was nursing on it, she felt his big hands gently pull down
the front of her sausage dress.

     "Uhnnn, Uhnnnn, ULMPH!!!"  The tiny sex bomb moaned and choked as the
man continued to fondle her tits.  She could feel her pussy getting wetter
and wetter.  She should've known.  Sucking dick always make her soak her 
panties.  Once again, she laid down on the comfortable couch, and let the
black man fuck her little oriental face with his big black dick.  

   Roger fucked her face a little harder.  He knew that by the amount of
spit and precum Ann was swallowing, that she struggling to keep up. Still,
Ann was the best cocksucker he had ever come across, he could feel the 
familiar blast coming.  "ANN!"

   "ULMPHM!  ULMPHM!  ULMPHM!  ULMPHM! ULMPH!"

   "ITS ABOUT FEEDING TIME AGAIN, ANN!"

   "ULMPHM!"  Ann used both hands to pull the giant dick from her mouth.  
She stared at him.  With his collosal penis arching over incredible face.  
The little woman stroked him slowly but firmly and went to another trick.
It was subtle but always seemed to work on her husband.
  "Please, sir, don't make me wait."

    The word "sir" brought about thoughts of being Anns boss.  The ability
to boss her, to make her do whatever he wanted.  This is exactly what she 
wanted planted firmly in his mind.  "WHY?  DO YOU WANT ME TO FEED YOU?"

   "YES OH YES SIR.  PLEASE ROGER, DON'T MAKE ME WAIT.  FEED ME YOUR MILK, 
SIR! FEED ME YOUR MAN'S MILK!"  She clamped her dick sucking swollen lips
around his his cock knob and sucked as hard she could while jacking him
off into her mouth.  "ULMPH!  ULMPHM!"

    "HERE IT COMES ANN!  FEED ON MY BLACK MEAT!"

    "ULMPHM!  Ann started swallowing the instant the giant black dick 
starting coming on her face.  Once again blast after blast went into her 
mouth, and once again there was so much come it backed up and starting 
spewing sperm from her nostrils as she tried in vain to keep up with the 
flow.  Her black stud pulled his foot long dick from her greedy mouth and 
kept ejaculating blast after blast of milky white sperm all over her 
beautiful little face.

    There was jism running down the side of her face forming webs of cum 
strands.  Sperm was in her ears, in her hair and pooled into a spermy pearl 
necklace around her neck.  Through it all, Ann kept swallowing and licking, 
when she heard the once gentle voice of Roger booming through her ears.  
"SUCK IT UP ANN!  WE'RE NOT DONE!! WE'RE NOT NEAR DONE YET!"

    Chapter Four

   Ann's eyes crossed as they locked on the giant black dick that had just 
fucked her beautiful face.  His goosegg sized nuts rested on her chin, 
while the thick shaft and oversized head arched across the length of her 
face. She watched as instead of deflating, the semi hard dick began to puff 
back up in size, the stalk hardening and stiffening in obscene lurches.  
She gulped once at the big dickhead as big as her fist.  Her staring had 
inadvertenly brought him back to life.  Instead of being ready to sleep,
like her husband, he was randier and hornier then ever.

   Just like Ann.

   Ann tore her gaze from his huge cock and pleaded with Roger.  "Please,
Roger.  You can't fuck me."

   "Why not?"  He reached back and felt her around her pussy.  The whole 
area was soaked and sticky.  "You know you want it as bad I do."  He stood 
up, pulling off his shirt.  His chest were solid slabs of muscles and his
stomach had washboard ripples.  But the only muscle that cncerned him now
was pulsing in front of him. The black man's foot long slab of meat was now
aching to be to be driven into Ann's tender folds.

   Ann's face, still dripping milky white cum looked up at him.  "Please, 
sir you can't fuck me."  The tiny wife stood up and faced him, as she did, 
his cock lodged firmly in the silky smooth valley of her milky jugs.

   "Why not?"  A drop of his come yo-yo'd from her chin unto his rock hard
cock.  "You're sopping wet. TELL ME YOU DON'T WANT IT!"

   Ann reached out with both hands and firmly started to masturbate him
against her silky skin.  She squeezed her tits together, with his massive
rod nudging her chin.  "I do want it sir!  But..."

   Roger's dick throbbed and beat a steady tattoo rhythm between her smooth
milkjugs.  "BUT WHAT?"

   "Sir.  Your dick is too big.  You would rip me apart, sir."  The little
housewife continued to jack him off, slowly and grimacing on each stroke.
"Besides sir,  You would have to fuck me hard and fast because my sister and
husband are due here at any moment.  Do you want to fuck me hard and fast,
sir?"

   The shipping clerk with the big dick, could feel his dick getting even 
harder.  Before him, the little cocksucker was giving him a dick massage
with her jugs, rubbing the sensitive tip of his dick with her chin.  Plus
the nasty way she put things was breaking his will.  "YOU KNOW I WANT TO
FUCK YOU!"

   Ann could feel his will breaking.  She had done this trick to her husband
to make him cum fast.  Most of the time, Anns husband wouldn't even make it
to her cunt.  He would spray her hands with cum first.  The little wife 
gave his tremedous cock one more tit squeeze and she laid back on the couch
behind her.  Ann began massaging and squeezing her giant mammeries making
the nipples stand out.  She began squirming on her back and bouncing her ass 
on the couch.  She kicked off her heels and her perfectly manicured feet
with her ten perfectly glossed red toes began gently jacking him off.

    "You know sir, a real man would have nailed me by now."

    "You little slut!"

    Roger grabbed an ankle in each hand, kneeled down and rested her tiny 
feet upon his chest.  She was so small that her ankles didn't quite make it to
his shoulders.  Her ass continued to raise up and down, her little cunt
was now dripping juice on the couch, but was in perfect position for his
huge dick to violate her.

    The black stud held her by the waist, loving the fact that her waist 
was so small that his hands almost touched.  His aching length of tubesteak 
drove forward.  His cockhead was so big that it touched her inner thighs
on the way to the well moistened slit.  He pushed hard to drive himself into
her but the fat head wouldn't go into the small babylike cunt.
 
   Ann felt the pressure on her tiny slit and knew that he was too big.  
Her voice sounded shaky and showed a fear.  "Its...its too big sir.  It
won't fit. It's just too damn big for little me."

   The black man continued to push his monster into the small girl.  He 
knew that if a baby could come out of there, then she could accept his
jumbo cock.  He grunted in time with Ann to work him in.  Her little voice
piped at back at him with every thrust.

   "UHN UHN UHN, ITS...ITS...TOO FAT SIR!"

   Roger said nothing but continued to try and fuck her.

   "UHN UHN UHN, ITS...ITS...TOO THICK SIR!"

   Roger could feel the head begin to make leeway.

   "UHN UHN UHN, ITS...ITS...ITS JUST TOO BIG SIR!"

   Ann could feel her fear getting the best of her.  It WAS too big to fit
into her tiny cunt, but she could also feel the rumblings of her first
orgasm.  She wanted to feel his schlong splitting her in two!  Suddenly she 
felt him stop pushing.  She jerked her head up.  "WHY DID YOU STOP?"

   The black stud looked at the beautiful little woman.  "Ann, I AM too big
for you.  It won't work."

   Ann's brow furrowed in anger.  She raised herself up and leaning on one
elbow, slapped his face hard.  "Like I said, a REAL man would've nailed me
by now."

   The stinging blow hurt his pride more then his face.  "Okay, you little
bitch, you asked for it. I'm gonna split your little ass in two!  No mercy."

   He pushed her back and spread her legs, holding an ankle in each hand.
He moved his hips forward and put all of his 200 pound plus weight into his
motion.  Ann's head snapped back.  Even though giant cockhead was lubed
with her spit and juices, it was just so rediculously fat, it would not go
in easily.  Determined, he continued to burrow in.

   Ann started jerking her head from side to side.  Her nipples grew so hard
they hurt as the monster dick began to violate her.  Her tiny twat felt the 
head pop in and her minipussy tried to remold itself to the invader.  True 
to his word, he showed her no mercy, grinding and porking the poor girl as 
her whole body began to jerk and buck.  Ann's cunt was used to the pencil 
thin four incher her husband had.  Now she was being banged by a foot long 
dong, thicker then her arm.  As the head popped past the opening the rest 
of the giant beef stalk poured in overwhelming her.

   The tiny oriental housewife's body starting vibrating,  her feet starting
pedaling with her toes clawing in the air.  She began to scream as her first
vaginal orgasm ever hit her in a mix of pleasure and pain that she had never
before experienced.  The tiny little slut starting babbling.

    "AAAIEEEE UHN UHN, STOP!! PLEASE STOP!!!"
    
    "GEEEEZ ANN, DOESN'T YOUR HUSBAND EVER SCREW YOU?  YOU'RE AS TIGHT AS A
VIRGIN!"
    
    The crude comment stung the little woman, but she whimpered and moaned 
as the big black dick kept burrowing its way through her fertile fuck 
fields!  "UHN UHN UHN, STOP!! PLEASE STOP! ITS TOO BIG!! ITS TOO BIG!!!"    
 
    Roger grinned watching the poor little dickslave wriggle on his dick 
like a fish on a hook.  Well, he thought, she asked for it.  "STOP?  WHY 
ANN, A REAL MAN WOULD'VE NAILED YOU BY NOW!  AM I A REAL MAN NOW?"

    Ann wanted to tell him to stop.  The little tramp wanted to tell him 
his dick was way too much for her handle. That she was out of her league.  
But instead, in time with dick thrusts, she eeked out.  "UHN UHN UHN, FUCK 
ME HARDER SIR.  UHN UHN UHN, FUCK ME HARDER."

    "YOU LITTLE SLUT!"

    "UHN UHN UHN UHN UHN UHN."  

    Roger continued to fuck her even harder.  Her little feet danced in the
air, her fists beat upon his iron like arms, but all it did was make him
fuck her harder.  

   Ann knew she being ruined, that her once little cunt was being stretched
past the normal limits.  The monster dick that violated her over and over
again would've ravaged an ordinary woman.  But a too small twat like Ann's
being banged continually by a too huge dick would never be the same.  Ann's
eyes started to glaze over and her tiny tounge began to loll from the side 
of her mouth.  Over and over wave after orgasmic wave rolled over her.  She
was on the verge of passing out and looked up at her big dicked stud.

   Like his tiny lover, Roger was covered in sweat as he continued to fuck 
the living shit out of Ann.  He had counted her having at least four good
cums.  She might've told him but when she being fucked silly like this,
counting was the last thing on her mind.

   Roger continued to feed her dick, punishing the poor twat writhing girl 
underneath him.  "Someone's coming."

   Ann could barely understand what was happening.  She felt a tremendous 
vacuum as with a mighty effort he dismounted her.  At once she was scooped
up in his powerful arms.  He walked her to a bedroom and threw her on the 
bed.  For the second time that day, he smiled at her and said, "Clean 
yourself up, I'll cover for you."

   Roger had just finished tucking his big dick back into his slacks and 
tucking his shirt into his pants as Kat breezed through the door.

   Ann's little sister stopped as soon as she came through the door.  She
sniffed.  "Jeez, it smells like sex in here."

   Roger walked to his tiny date.  "Must be my aftershave."  
   
   She sniffed him and smiled into his face. "Must be  I like it."  Her 
eyes grew wide as she saw through his pants fabric the great length of dick 
that laid against his thigh.  She had to tear herself from staring at it.
  "Where's Ann?"

   "I don't know.  She's here somewhere."

   Kat laughed.  "She must be getting herself ready for Quin.  She really 
wants it tonight."

   Roger laughed back.  "You know, you don't sound like a prim and proper
Vietnamese girl."

   Kat suddenly looked sad.  "I've been prim and proper and look what its
gotten me.  Nowhere.  I haven't been on a date in a year.  Guys won't touch
me.  They all think I'm too small."

   Roger leaned back to survey Ann's little sister.  In a lot of ways she 
was a carbon copy of Ann.  Same large sexy bedroom eyes.  Same pretty face.

  But where her older sister was endowed with a massive set of jugs.  Kat 
was flat chested.   Plus her vision was terrible forcing her to wear thick 
lenses that magnified her large eyes even more.  Add this to the fact that 
she wasn't even four foot nine and less then 70 pounds and she looked more
like a sexy twelve year old girl rather then a eighteen year old woman.

   Roger looked down at the woman.  Her head was barely above his crotch.  
"Too small, too small for what?"

  Kat blushed.  "To have sex.  I've never been with a man."  The tiny woman
eyes looked into his eyes.  "I'm tired of waiting.  I...I know this sounds
awful.  But...but will you take me?"

   Roger smiled to himself.  This must be my lucky day.  He wondered 
quickly whether Ann had any more sisters that needed banging.  "Kat, it 
would be my pleasure."

    Ann chose that moment to appear from backroom, while at the same time,
Quin came through the front door looking puzzled.  It was not unusal for 
twho sisters to enterain friends, but he had no idea who the large black
man was. The housewife smiled and on shaky legs, kissed him on the cheek.
  "Don't worry, Kat just has a guest.  You are just in time.  Dinner's 
ready right now."

 Chapter Five

   The quartet enjoyed a tradtional Vietnamese meal and liberal servings of
wine was served.  Ann drank a little more then usual as she remembered that
her husband had told her of his dick size and that she was lucky.  Ann shook
her head.  She had to calm herself, she loved her husband and that should be
all that mattered.  She saw that Quin drank a little more then usual.  When
  Roger suggested that he leave, it was a slightly tipsy Quin saying there
was no way he could drink and drive.

   Ann helped Quin stand up.  Kat was thinking quickly.  "Tell you what Ann,
You help put Quin to bed and I'll show Roger where he can sleep."

   Ann nodded, "Good Idea, make sure he's comfortable."

   Kat grabbed Roger by the hand.  "Don't worry. I'll take care of him."  
The tiny woman found the spare bedroom and closed the door behind her.  
Roger sat down down on the edge of the bed and Kat moved quickly to sit
in his lap.

   "Thank you Roger.  You were really funny tonight.  Hey what's that?"

   The well hung black was already stiffening at thought of trying to pork
someone so little.  He tried to play dumb.  "What are you talking about?"

   Kat kept squirming.  "That hard thing right here.  Kat poked at his 
rapidly stiffening cock that was already straining his jeans.  "What is it?"

   Roger could feel the blood rushing to his prick.  "That's me Kat."

   "You?  You mean your thing.  It can't be.  Ann said her Quin was big and
its nothing like that."

   "Trust me."  Roger began feeling up the little woman, squeezing her like
a prize side of beef.

   Kat wouldn't let it go.  "I want to see."  SHe felt suddenly felt like a
a kid with a newfound toy.  "Here I'll measure it.  Ann said Quin was almost
four inches."  She hopped off his lap and starting rummaging through the 
dresser.  She produced a six inch sewing ruler.  "Okay let me see it."

   The stock clerk shook his head.  "Are you sure?"  He wanted to tease her
a bit.  A woman this agressive was a sure thing.

   Kat pouted.  "Look, you remembered what we talked about before dinner."

   His dick stiffened a little more.  "I remember.  I just wanted to make to
sure I wasn't forcing you to do anything you don't want to do."

   The small girl bent over slightly, looking at the tremendous bulge.  She
swallowed once.  "I'm ready.  Show it to me Roger. I want to see it."

   Roger smiled knowingly.  He unsnapped his jeans and unzipped slowly.
Kat moved in to get a better look, When he pulled down his underwear, his
dick sprang out and bobbed in her face.

   Kat's mouth dropped open and she dropped the ruler as well.   She was so 
shocked that when her voice came out it was a high pitched squeal."It's a
monster!  Its so BIG!" She reached out her tiny hand and made a fist.  She 
noted with fear that his dick head was bigger.  The stalk was dark and lurched
out a foot long from his crotch.  With both hands she squeezed and she 
instinctively began to pump the monster cock.  Her mouth remained opened and
Roger didn't miss his the opportunity.  He leaned forward and quickly the
massive cock head was lodged in her mouth.

   Kat knew what he wanted.  She had heard of this before.  Perhaps if he 
came quickly from being sucked off, he would fall asleep.  Thats what Ann's
husband always did.  The little girl hands didn't reach all the way around
the shaft but she gripped him and did like her sister said.  

   She began to milk the giant dick planted firmly in her mouth, slowly 
masturbating her stud's massive prick.  She wasn't sure what to do, but like 
her older sister before her, Kat was natural cocksucker.  Spit and precum 
drooled down the little girls mouth and she choked while sucking thick 
chocolate meat.

   Roger held the small girls head in his hands while he watched her choke 
on his thick black meat.  She could barely fit the head in her tiny mouth 
and at times appeared to be drowning as she delivered a sloppy blowjob.  
Still, he could tell that the tiny girl loved sucking cock and would soon 
become an expert dicksucker.

   Back and forth the young girls tounge traveled as she sucked his big 
black dick.  "ULMPHM!  ULMPHM!  ULMPHM!  ULMPHM! ULMPH!"   The sound of her 
dick slurping filled the room.  While she continued sucking him off, she 
could feel him feeling her up again.  He squeezed the twin buds through her
dress and when he squeezed her nipples he felt her whole body shake.

   The little girl could feel the spit and precum dripping from her mouth, 
she had heard that when a man cums, he starts spewing a small amount of 
juice before the main blast.  Ann had told her little sister, it would just
be a few drops on her tounge.  Instead, she gagged several times on the
fluid as it went down the wrong pipe.  

   Roger could feel the familiar tingling in his balls as Kat slowly but  
surely broke his will.  Like the young girl, he was moving his head back
and forth trying his best not to come.  

   The young girl would not be denied her cocksucking due.  She could feel 
the fat head puff up in her mouth.  Her eyes widened.  There was just no 
more room for dick in her tiny mouth.  She had to make him cum or she would
choke to death on his big dick, her own spit and massive amounts of precum.

  She remembered what her sister had said about a mans balls and how men 
liked to hear women say certain things.

   Her schoolgirl sized hand shot out and began squeezing and kneading his 
balls.  "ULMPHM!  ULMPHM!  ULMPHM!"  She popped the head from her mouth and 
spoke to him through her swollen lips.  "Please daddy, feed me."

   Roger could feel his balls tightening as his huge dick pulsed and bucked 
inches from her cocksucking face.  "SAY IT AGAIN KAT!"

   "PLEASE DADDY FEED ME YOUR MILK.  FUCK MY FACE AND FEED ME YOUR MILK.
ULMPHM!  ULMPHM!  ULMPHM!" The little girl could feel the man shaking her 
head as he used her little mouth like a cunt.  One second after she clamped 
her lips around the fat knob, he began spewing his seed.

   "TAKE IT BABY!  EAT DADDY'S CREAM!  ARRGH!"

   "GLUG GLUP ULMPHM!  ULMPHM!  ULMPHM!"  Kat continued to choke on his
too thick chocolate shaft, struggling to get air.  Blast after milky white
shot into her mouth, backed up and then starting spewing from her tiny 
nostrils.  Thick wads of cream streamed down the side of her face and 
dripped from her chin in long yo-yoing strands.

   'Just like her sister', thought the black stud as he continued to cream 
the little girls face.  He grinned at the stunned look on Kat's face while
he pulled back and milked the remainder of his load on her forehead and 
tiny nose.  He had deposited so much cum that it appeared like Kat had no 
mouth; just a creamy white pool of jism where her lips used to be.

    With a last grunt, his final cum shot plastered the poor girls right eye 
shut.  He wiped the fat head on her swollen cocksucking lips. Kat finally 
managed to take a breath.  Everytime she exhaled cum would flow from her 
mouth and nose causing her to spit up.  Kat was an absolute mess.

   The tiny little woman collasped but Roger quickly caught her and threw
on the bed.  Her breathing was just returning back to normal and she just 
barely had enough strength to talk.  She closed her other eye to gain some
rest.  SHe had done it!  SHe had sucked off the montrous prick and wouldn't
have to fuck him.  The very second she had seen his log, she knew that he 
was way too big for her small twelve year old like body.

   "I...I guess you're ready for sleep now."

   Roger shook his head and began stripping the young girl.  Her mouth had
been hot, but he had an idea that her little pussy was even hotter.  "No,
little honey, I'm ready to do as you asked."
 
    The eye that hadn't been plastered shut from his cum shot open.  "NO!
you can't fuck me I'm too little!"  Her eyes were fixed on the rapidly
hardening cock that was stiffening at the thought of fucking the little 
girl senseless.

   "You're too huge!  Please, don't fuck me."

   His eyes narrowed.  "That's the second time you've said that.  Listen 
little honey.  You can't suck a mans dick, let him cum all over your face
and then not expect him to fuck your little lights out."  Roger moved in on
the young girl.  Grabbing her, he sat down on the bed and pulled her across
his lap. 

   Smack!

   Kats head shot up!  She had no idea that he was going to give her an old
fashioned spanking.  She could feel his fat dick rubbing against her with 
every sharp stinging blow.  It was only five swats before Kat pleaded with 
him.

   "Please, don't spank me anymore, I'll be good!  Please!  I'll suck your
dick again! I'll suck your dick good."
  
  The girls new master raised his palm again. "...AND?"

  Kat was surprised as the stinging butt slaps repeated themselves . Instead 
of being painful, she could feel herself becoming more and more turned on.  
The young girl could also feel the massive black club thumping against her 
belly.  All at once she made a decision.  Her tiny hand reached underneath 
and gripped the thick shaft.  Every time Roger delivered a blow to Kats sexy 
little ass he helped her jack him off.  SHe finally finished his sentence 
for him.

   "...and you can fuck me...daddy."

  Roger stood and flung the girl back on the bed face down. The black stud 
quickly unzipped the back of her dress and in a flash, the little woman was 
naked except for her high heels and panties.  He looked at her tiny crotch 
and saw the white cotton panties were soaked.  "Y'know Kat?  You suck dick 
like a little pro.  I think its time to see if you can fuck like one too."

   Kats panties were her last line of defense, and in one instant Roger 
hooked them with his thumbs and ripped them from her body.   She was now 
naked except for her little high heels.  With her sparse cuntal hair, she 
now looked like a twelve year old hooker.

   Kat knew she was in way over her head.  The dick before her could make a 
hooker scream for mercy.  She knew that a virgin like herself with a much 
too small slit could never hope to handle the jumbo cock that raged in 
front of her.  Still, she had never been so aroused.  The big dick demanding
her attention both tantalized and scared her.  

   Welling up all of her courage, she rolled onto her back raised her knees 
and held her own ankles.  Her gaze was fixed upon the dick that was going to 
nail her whether she was ready or not.  "C'MON DADDY FUCK ME. BANG ME TILL 
I CAN'T WALK. YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO!"
   
   Roger's breaths were heavy.  He wanted to fuck this little girl more then
anything. "Look at this prick. LOOK AT IT!  Are you sure little honey?"

   Kat knew what she wanted and made sure he understood too.  "Daddy, my 
pussy is yours, try not to make me bleed."

   That was all her well hung stud wanted to hear.  He climbed between her
open legs sliding his large club along her silky little girl thighs.  Ann 
was small, but Kat was smaller.  She started trembling as she felt the huge
organ push into her tiny opening.

   "UHN UHN UHN, ITS...ITS...TOO FAT DADDY!"

   Roger said nothing but continued to try and fuck her.

   "UHN UHN UHN, ITS...ITS...TOO THICK DADDY!"

   Roger could feel the head begin to make leeway.

   "UHN UHN UHN, ITS...ITS...ITS JUST TOO DAMN BIG, DADDY!"

   Roger grinned to himself.  There was no way he was gonna get slapped 
again.  Mercilessly he grinded against the poor girl, who was now squirming
to get away from the awful monster battering at her virginal gates.  She 
screamed as her hymen began to give way.

   "ARRRGH!!!  PLEASE STOP DADDY!!!  IT HURTS SO BAD!!! OWWWWW OOOHHH" 
   
   Roger nodded to himself.  It was too tight.  But he remembered the 
stinging slap of her sister and gave one final push obliterating the girls
tender hymen.  With her cherry broken, Kat's mouth flew open, her body began
to vibrate and shake as he plowed his gigantic dick through her fertile fuck 
fields.  Roger cocked his head once to the side, 'Man'  he thought 'this is
great pussy!'  He paused for a moment to watch the poor girl's convulsions 
with the first six inches of his foot long dick imbedded in her tiny 
spasming pussy.

    All Kat could do was lie there and take it.  Even though only half of 
his shaft was ravaging her little cunt, she felt totally stuffed.  It seemed 
the agony would never end as searing pain shot through her whole body. Roger 
was relentless, as he continued forward, determined to pack every thick
chocolate inch into the tiny bit of pussy.  

   "OWWWWW!!!! OOOOOOH!!!! AIIIEE!!!!"  Kat screamed into the big man's 
chest as she felt the goose egg sized nutsack smack into her little ass.  
All she could do is whimper and tremble as one foot of black dick took 
rested inside her mini pussy.  Roger looked down at the little woman 
spasming on his dick.  Now he was all the way in, he wanted to just let 
it soak in, and give her poor battered quim a chance to relax and reform.  

   Kat rolled her head from side to side.  Her eyes finally locked on his.
"Is it in all daddy?"

   Roger smiled.  What a little trooper!  "Yeah little honey it's in.  You 
okay?"

   "Yeah.  I...I think so.  what comes next?"  Her nipples hardened 
further and she began to shake as Roger moved the huge chunk of beef.

   The stud grinned.  "What comes next?  I ram you like an abandoned 
bulding and fuck your little ass till you babble and pass out."

   He began slow, pulling it out easy and then slamming it back hard.  Each 
time he slammed it, Kat would squeal a little high pitched grunt and bang 
her tiny fists against his powerful shoulders and the headboard would go 
WHAM against the wall.

   WHAM! WHAM! WHAM!  The bedsprings squeaked in protest in time to the 
couples fuck pace.
   
   WHAM! WHAM! WHAM!  WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! Roger could feel the sweat building as
he gathered speed, fucking the little girl like a meat locomotive.

   WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! WHAM!  Kat was being 
pummeled underneath the big mans churning body.  Now though, instead of 
feeling pain, each fuck blast brought a shot of pleasure as the rock hard
foot long schlong blasted through her and ironed out each and every fold of 
the girls newly fucked pussy.  Quicker and quicker the pleasure blasts 
melded together as Roger began to fuck the girl even harder.

   IT was then her first orgasm hit!  She squealed in ecstasy as it rippled
through her little girls body in waves.  "EEEEEE!  YESSSSSSSSS!  I'M...I'MMM
CUMMMMING!!!! OOOOOOOHH YESSSS, FUCK ME DADDY!"

   Roger gritted his teeth and did as the little girl asked, fucking her 
even harder, screwing the living shit out of Kat.  Each time she squealed 
in delight, she recieved a fuck stroke and a grunt from Roger.

   "FUCK ME DADDY!" SLAM! SLAM! SLAM!"

   "UGN!  TAKE THAT BIG DICK YOU LITTLE SLUT!" 

   "AAAAIEEEE!!!  I'M CUMMMING DADDY!!!! UH UH UHA"  Little Kat started to  
babble.  Cumming on each stroke of the giant cock as her black stud battered   
her helpless pussy.  She could feel the giant tool getting bigger and Roger 
picked up the pace brutally fucking his little sex slave into submission.

  All at once his balls tightened and with an extra grunt Roger began 
pouring his seed into Kat's defenseless pussy.  His orgasm set off another, 
more intense climax within the little slut.  Her eyes opened wide, her toes
pointed and cracked as she kicked her little high heels from her feet.
   Her fists kept pounding on Roger's shoulders when suddenly her body
stiffened one final time, her babylike tounge lolled from the side of her
mouth and her eyes glazed over completely.

   Roger grinned and shook his head to himself.  He had seen this before.  
He had literally fucked the little tramp into unconscience.  The stud 
shuddered one more time and almost painfully unpacked his dick from the 
comatose like girl. She trembled slightly one more time as he pulled out.
 Roger thought about waking her up for more fun and games, but thought 
two things as he let the girl sleep instead.  1)Fucking is thirsty work, he 
needed a drink.  2) He wondered how little Ann Pham was doing.

Chapter six

   Ann pushed her man onto the edge of the large comfy bed.  Through the 
thin walls she could hear the strange sounds coming from bed room next door.  
The big breasted housewife as always was nosy so without any shame, She left
her drunk stuporing husband on the bed and pressed her ear to the wall. 

  "What are you doing Ann? (HIC!)"  Quin raised himself up on his elbows.

  "SSHHH!!" Ann raised a finger for Quin to be quiet.  She was sure could 
she hear Kat squealing. Ann thought of how she squealed too at the first 
sight of the Black stud's massive club smacking her in the side of her face.  
Quin raised a hand in mock surrender.  He opened up his nightstand for 
something and found a half empty pint of whiskey.  He smiled and raised the 
bottle to his lips.  It helped to calm his nerves.  He had seen Ann in these 
moods before. She was cockcrazy.  He squeezed his penis in anticipation of 
nailing his gorgeous little wife.

   His little wife still had her ear pressed against the wall and now could 
hear the sound of her little sister choking on chocolate meat.  Her nipples 
grew so tight it was painful not to rub them, so she did, slowly stripping 
the top of her strapless minidress. It didn't fall immediately, but hung in
midair caught by her perfectly shaped ass.  Ann kept listening and with one 
hand started frigging her tiny slit, while she kept the jug massage show 
going with the other hand.

   Quin could not believe his sexy wife was standing before him.  Her knees
buckling as she continued to abuse herself, rubbing her clit while listening
to her sister pleading with the big stud not to fuck her.  Ann was almost
there...GEEZ!...Now she's begging him to fuck her!  Gawd, my little sister
is such a slut.  

   Ann's knees buckled and she collasped to the floor when she heard the 
sound of the headboard slam against the wall.  Her orgasm came in waves, 
nothing like the one she had recieved earlier but for now, a good appetizer.  
The housewife no longer had to press her ear to hear what was happening.
Both her and her husband could hear the headboard slamming against the wall,
the bedsprings squeaking, the babbling of Kat and the animal grunts of her
attacker violating Kat's little girl cunt again and again.

    Ann shivered at the thought of what she was going to do.  Kat wasn't
going to be only the well fucked women in this house tonight, Ann thought.
  Butt naked except for her high heels, she left the bedroom, going past 
Kats room.  The sounds made her want to kick down the door and demand her
due.  Each step she took her little pussy ached and was sore from a single
fucking with the big man.  She knew he hadn't cum in her and that her 
sister was stealing what was rightfully hers.  Ann willed herself past the 
carnal bedroom and into the kitchen.  She reached in for a dish of butter
and practically ran past Kat's bedroom door.  She couldn't bear to hear 
what was happening.

    Ann smiled at Quin.  She knew he would love this.  He'd been begging her
to let him screw her ass for years.  She would just smile and say, "My 
little ass with that big dick of yours, Quin?  Never!  You'd rip me apart!"  Tonight  
The little housewife wanted be used and her husband was the lucky winner.

  Dropping to her knees and unzipped him.  She tugged off his pants and 
underwear in one swoop.  She looked at his limp member, thought of her 
thumb and stepped back.  The housewife held her fat tits in her little hands 
and staring directly at Quins penis watched it grow till it was a throbbing 
four inches.

   Ann threw a smile to her husband.  She had a kind heart and thought to 
herself, its not his fault he was so underendowed.  It was then the couple 
heard the headboard slamming against the wall in an unmistakable fuck rhythm
grow even louder.  Both Quin and Ann knew it was Roger fucking her little 
sister harder then before  Ann looked at the clock and knew that he had been
nailing her little sister for at least a half hour.

   Quin laughed.  "I thought your sister was prim and proper.  Sounds to me
like she is a cockhound just like you."

   Ann laughed herself, and then felt her fat nipples tightened as she
realized that her sister was in there getting banged by the same dick that 
had fucked her face and ruined her pussy.  She grimaced and her pussy 
started spitting juices as she remembered how the stud had totally 
dominated her. 

   Ann also realized that her husband couldn't fuck her as usual.  There was
no way she was going to be her usual babytight self after the way she was 
screwed this afternoon.  Still, there was an erect dick in the room and there
was no way it was going escape the tiny housewife.
   
   Still on her knees before him, Ann scowled at her husband.  "If you fall
asleep this time...I'm leaving you!"

  Quin swallowed nervously, he wasn't sure if his wife was kidding.  All 
thoughts left his mind as he felt the too soft tounge of Ann lapping at his
dick.  Ann herself remembered not to use any of her weapons on her husband.
She was in a cocksucking mood and didn't want anything to stop her from the
enjoyment of milking her husband.  She peeked at the clock and noted she was
hitting the thirty second mark.
 
   As if right on cue, Quin's body trembled, he let out a squeak and came in
Ann's mouth.  Ann felt both drops scald her tounge and didn't even bother to 
lick her lips.  She didn't have to.

   Quin smartly stood upon shaky knees, so he wouldn't fall asleep.  Its not 
my fault he thought.  Ann's Blowjobs would knock out anyone.  He felt 
absolutely drained, his dick on empty.  But what he saw next brought him 
back to life in a hurry.  His cockhungry little wife had a small dish of
butter in her hand.  He watched her set it on the nightstand.  Slowly she
finished stripping naked except for her high heels.  She had on her 
brightest smile as she approached him.

    Ann gently pushed him back till he was sitting on the bed handed and 
handed him the dish of butter. She crawled over his lap and stuck her little
ass in the air.

   "Butter my ass, Quin."

   Quin's breath became quick.

   "Then ease your thingie in"

   Quin began fighting the urge to cum.  It didn't help that he heard Kats
screams of orgasm after orgasm.  Incredibly his mind wandered, even though 
his wife was the sexiest women he had ever seen, the idea of porking the 
tiny Kat was appealing.  Quin could feel his will breaking faster now.

   "And fuck my ass good."

   Quin began thinking of multiplication tables,  dates, anything to stop
the on rush of cum welling up in his balls.  He gripped the butter and began
coating his wifes ass till it shined.

   WHAM! WHAM! WHAM!  They could both hear the headboard and the pleas of 
her little sister still begging Roger to fuck her harder AGAIN!  Quin 
watched his little wife stand up and dripping butter from her ass crawled 
on the bed and stuffed a couple of pillows under her belly.  Her tiny 
golden butt shining and greased for an ass fucking was propped up, waiting 
for Quin to ravage.

  Quin could feel his balls refilling with cum.  He had never seen his sexy 
little wife act so slutty.  It was enough to almost make him cum on the spot.
when just as Quin had calmed himself down.  Just before he was ready to 
realize his life's dream of sodomizing his wife.  The tiny housewife reached
back with her little hands and pulled her asscheeks apart and squirming her
ass target in front of him.  

  Quin quickly got behind her trying his best to mount her ass before he 
spilled his seed prematurely.  He lined up her asshole, but her squirming 
butt cheeks gripped the head of his dick and starting milking his super 
sensitive glands.
 
   "ARRRGH, HOLD YOUR ASS STILL!!! I'M ALMOST THERE!!"

   Ann just couldn't stop squirming.  Feeling the melted butter flow into 
her tiny asshole and cunt was making her crazy.  "QUIN!  FUCK ME!!! FUCK 
MY ASS!!"  The housewife let her face fall forward as she used one hand 
to rub her juicy pussy while waiting for her husband to sodomize her 
squirming little ass. She craned her neck so she could see Quin trying 
desperately to pork her butt.
  
   Quin felt the puckered buttered opening of Ann's asshole on his dick.  He
looked and saw her pleading face, her swollen red lips begging him to hurry.
His head started to swim.  Too much alcohol at dinner and watching his
wives masturbatory revue had broken him.  He still could hear the headboard
banging against the wall as he came the most he had ever cum against Ann's
rectal opening.  Quin shook and vibrated, never again would he cum this much 
as he exploded time and time again.  His sperm mixed in with the buttery
coating that coated her perfect little hands and upturned butt!

   Ann felt a slight orgasm as she felt his seed explode against her asshole.
She smiled and turned to congratulate him.  She knew that he would get it in
the next try.  She was greeted by the sight of the slumbering Quin.  He had
fainted to sleep.
 
   Ann was furious!  How dare he fall asleep.  She kicked at his pants and a 
few pieces of paper fell out.  She snatched it up and read it.

       'To my darling Quin,
       I'm Glad u like them big.
       Hope my butt is big enuff 
       for you' My ex husband
       Rogers dick is too big
       for me.  Your is just
       the right size!
       Be loving you soon!
              Love Selda.

   The other papers were tickets and evidence of her husbands misdeeds.  Ann 
was seething now.  So that explained it.  Quin was giving his juice to some 
other woman. He thinks he such a stud.
  
   But Ann knew a real stud.  With her ass already lubed with butter and 
sperm, she opened the door to her bedroom.  She noticed that the pounding 
had stopped.  She heard a noise come from the kitchen and hoped it would be 
Roger grousing around the kitchen, looking for food after fucking her 
little sister.

   Ann's heels make a sharp clicking sound on the floor of the kitchen as
she got her wish.  He was leaning down inside the refrigerator, reaching for 
milk.  Ann quickly snuck across on her toes and reached around the big man.
She muffled her moan as her well manicured hand gripped his thick meat  
through his underwear.  Even though the cock was limp her hand couldn't fit 
all the way around the girth.  "Uhnnnn, You gotta enough meat for two guys!"

    Roger had just come for a quick milk break before he revived Kat.  He
hadn't expected this little surprise.  He recognized the sultry little voice
seducing him.  He turned and faced her, shocked to see her completely nude
except for her high heels.  Ann pressed into him, using her quickly 
hardening nipples to trace rings around his stomach.  Her hand coated with 
butter and her husbands sperm, she continued to squeeze and milk him back 
to hardness.
    
    She looked up into his eyes and her swollen red lips speaking slowly as if
she were putting on a lip show for him mezmorized him for a second.  "So, 
big guy, I heard you screwing my sister."

   Roger felt apprehensive.  Still Ann gently tugged his shorts down and was
masturbating the foot long shlong back to hardness, so reached out and 
started squeezing the housewifes prize melons.  Ann could feel her passion
growing as he squeezed the fat jugs tweaking the nipples till they grew
alarmingly thick and fat.  "I thought Quin would have been working you over
by now. Um..."
   
   Ann caught his drift.  "He's passed out.  Too much booze and too much 
woman for him to handle."  Ann was feeling up his powerful muscles as well 
as his thick dong.  "Like I said, a real man would've nailed me by now."

   Roger reached down and felt the slick pussy.  "And Quin...?"

   Ann was stroking the monster cock with two hands now, battering the fat
head between her lush breasts.  "Forget Quin, the only real man is in the
room with me now."  She thought of the slap she had given him and stroked
his cheek.  Suddenly she smiled.
 
   "I have a present for you."  Ann turned on the kitchen light.  She 
walked to the kitchen table and went to where Quin had eaten his dinner.  
She turned around placed her hands on the table.  "My ass is ready for you.
Its already greased up, but I need a real man to fuck me."

   Roger stepped out of shorts and moved in on the tiny woman.  His thick 
foot long monster dick leading the way like a moisture seeking missle.  Ann 
climbed aboard the table, and spread her legs till her ass was upturned 
and dick high.  She craned her neck to see her attacker's massive dick.
She shivered and smiled as she thought of how she taking her own sisters's 
encore.

   Ann pounded her tiny fists against the table.  "PLEASE SIR, DON'T MAKE ME
WAIT!!!  FUCK MY LITTLE ASSHOLE, SIR!!! 
 
      Roger looked down at the slutty little housewife squirming her tiny 
asscheeks in front of him.  They shined with butter and her husbands 
misguided sperm.  The pleading tramp in front of him begging for his monster
dick almost made him blow his wad right then and there.  "HOLD STILL I'M 
ALMOST THERE!!"

   The little slut remembered her husband saying just that very thing seconds
before he shot his wad all over her upturned ass cheeks.  It was the last
thing Ann was thinking when pain began wracking her body and it all started in
her tiny anal opening.  Ann quickly tried to crawl away.  "NOOOO!!!  STOP!!!
IT WON'T GO IN!!! IT'S...ITS TOO BIG SIR!

   The black stud would have none of it.  He held the sexy little housewife
by her waist and he had no intention of cumming anywhere but up her ass!  
He kept thrusting forward and almost obliterated the tiny opening.  The only
thing that saved the little vixen from being sodomized was that her asscheeks
which had milked her husbband unconscience before, now the giant cockhead was
wedged between her soft twin globes and wouldn't go any further.

"PLEASE SIR!! I...I WAS WRONG!!  ITS TOO BIG!! IT ...IT WON'T FIT CUZ YOUR 
DICK IS TOO BIG SIR!!!   

   The man's voice bellowed in her ears and startled the little fuck minx.
"REACH BACK AND OPEN YOUR ASS CHEEKS, ANN!"

   Ann the trampy little housewife, who before this day only had known her
husband, was obeying her new master before she even thought of his command.
Her hands made a splat sound as she smacked her buttered ass and the mixture
of sperm and butter splattered in the air as she held her own asscheeks open
so the man could sodomize her.

   Roger smiled.  The little dickqueen was going to love his big dick up her
ass.  He thrust forward and lodged the head into the tiny opening.  Even 
though Ann continued to squirm and whimper, He grinded forward mercilessly
till the head popped through the young woman's shithole.  The pain to the 
pleading slut was blinding when all of a sudden, the pain was replaced with 
pleasure as her assaulter tugged his massive from her asshole and shoved it up her
buttered cunt.

   Ann started squealing sounds of joys as the beefstalk that had ruined her 
tiny nookie now bestowed unbelieveable pleasure.  She yelped on each stroke, 
thankful the raping of her asshole was over.  "ALP!! ALP!! ALP!!  OOOOoooOOOHHH 
THANK YOU SIR!  ARRRGH!!!"

   Just as quickly as her orgasm was welling up, the pain returned except 
this time, it worsened as the black stud planted more of dick inside of Ann.  
This time aided by the butter, her husband's sperm and now her own pussy 
juices, the gigantic black cock poured into her until his goosegg sized 
balls battered against her tiny pussy and her asshole was packed with thick 
chocolate meat.

   Ann's body began to quake and quiver as she felt her body being slowly 
moved back and forth on the black dick.  Indeed, Roger had her by the hips 
and was slowly packing and unpacking his giant cock into the woman's tiny 
asshole.  No matter how the poor woman squirmed, no matter how much she 
whimpered, there was no escape.  Ann bleated a whine of humilation as the 
black stock clerk slowly, mercilessly sodomized her well greased asshole.

   "AWwwWW!!! NOOoooO!!! PUT IT BACK IN MY PUSSY, SIR!!!

   Ann's body continued to shake and buck as the superendowed stud fucked 
her tiny rectal opening.  She could feel her insides reforming to make 
room for the massive invader as the stock clerk moved her back and forth, 
impaling her on his thick peg.  For Ann it was sheer agony, for the stud, 
it was pure pleasure.

      "C'MON ANN!  YOU ASKED FOR IT!! NOW TAKE IT!!!  TAKE MY BIG BLACK DICK
YOU LITTLE BITCH!!

    He caressed the silky ass cheeks as he fucked her little asshole and 
waited.  Sure enough, a tingle of pleasure and bliss started up Ann's spine
causing the little tramp to pause for a second and heedless of the danger to
herself, hunched her little butt back toward her Black master helping him
to ravage her no longer virgin ass.

    It was just what the stud had waited for, now with the little sluts help,                                                                 
he began to fuck the womans asshole harder.  Before, each stroke brought     
incredible pain, now each banging of her butt by the massive rod brought 
indescribable pleasure.  The little housewife released her asscheeks and 
held onto the table while her sodomizer continued to ravage her overstuffed 
anus.
    
    The sexstarved housewife voice pleaded with him.  "UHN!!! UHNUHN!!! 
UHHHHHN!!!  OOOOHHHH YESSSS!!!! FUCK MY ASS!!! FUCK ME!!! UHN!!!"

   This is what the super hung stud was waiting for.  He wanted to hear Ann, 
the once innocent little housewife, part time secretary and prim and proper 
woman, now begging for him to fuck the big tittied slut in her own ass.  
Without her hands to hold her ass cheeks open the lush globes of her 
unblemished butt caressed the husky shoulders of the huge prick everytime 
it invaded her rectum.  

    The scraping of the her fat nipples against the hard kitchen table, the
banging of the huge nutsack into her tiny nookie, the relentless drive of
the monster dick raping her asshole over and over had brought the tiny 
housewife slut to the brink of her first anal orgasm, she pleading with him
to drive her over the edge.  Nothing else mattered to her. Nothing!

    The man knew what she needed.  She needed to feel dominated.  He moved 
forward cramming every last inch of his black foot long dick into her ass.
Then holding the little woman still with one huge hand, he delivered a swat
to her bucking asscheek.  

    Ann's head shut up, her eyes opened wide as she felt the huge dick now 
embedded firmly in her ass was going come out of her mouth.  The orgasm was
building to a crescendo when she felt the first many swats to her naughty
little ass.  Each swat made her crawl away only to be ass fucked, spanked 
and assfucked time again.  The repeating sodomizing of her asshole combined with
the spanking pushed her over the edge.  She tried to gurgle out a few words
but it was interupted by the punishing club in her ass!

   "...UHN!!!...I'M CUMMMMMMMING...UHN!!!......UHN!!!...OHHHHH THANK YOU,
MASTER...UHN!!!...THANK YOU SIR!"

   Roger shook his and marveled at the tiny slut.  The tramp with her body
jerking and bucking, quivering and quaking, still managed to thank the man 
for raping her own asshole.  It was when Ann in her zeal to get fucked in 
the ass while cumming caused her new master to break with one of her tricks.

   The stud was in a great fuck rhythm punishing the poor womans tiny hole 
again and again, when he felt something smack him in the butt.  He looked
back and saw the stiletto heels of the tinyhouse wife beating a tattoo rhythm
on his butt cheeks everytime he churned into her ass.  The harder he fucked
Ann, the harder her own little heels would push into his ass.

   The tight little asshole, the woman wriggling around on his dick like a 
fish while whimpering on every stroke, the feel of the leathery heels
spanking him while he fucked the shit out of the tiny girl and the silky
smooth globes of her perfect asscheeks milked and massaged the humongous
black dick bringing his own climax upon him.

   "UHN UHN!!  I'M CUMMING ANN!!!"

   "UHHHHHN!!!  OOOOHHHH YESSSS!!!! FUCK MY ASS!!! FUCK ME!!! UHN!!!"
                          
   "UGN!  TAKE THAT BIG DICK YOU LITTLE SLUT!"
     
   "UHN!!! UHN!!! YES MASTER, UHN!! UHN!!!"

   Ann could feel the massive shaft and fat cockknob getting bigger until
she thought she would pass out from the pressure on her anal walls, she 
froze and then went into convulsions as the giant chocolate beefstalk 
exploded in her ass.  Ann shook as the stud bellowed above her pumping ass.

   "TAKE THAT CHOCOLATE MEAT, YOU LITTLE SLUT!!"

   The housewife's little ass was already filled with butter and now with 
the gigantic blast into her tiny rectum, there was no room for any more 
sperm and it gushed out quenching the fire in her ass.  Blast after blast 
filled the spasming anus which now locked around the head of the huge dick 
while her asscheeks continued to flex, milking the rest of the cum from 
her stud.

   The two continued writhing, wringing out the most from thier mutual 
orgasm.  Regretfully, the pussyhound dismounted from the woman.  The 
little tramp quickly scooted around so that she sat on the edge of the 
table.  She used both hands to grasp the shaft of the deflating dick.  
Ann held the head inches from her lips and looked up at her sodomizing
master with her too large eyes.

   "Please sir, let me clean it off for you."  With cum and butter leaking 
from her freshly fucked ass, the housewife pumped his massive member gently 
and began lapping at the still dripping cockhead.  Both of their heads 
jerked toward the kitchen doorwhen they heard a voice.

   "Ann, you little sleaze, how could you let my new boyfriend fuck you in the 
ass."  It was the now revived Kat with a look of lust in her eyes.

   Chapter Seven 

  Ann's butt naked little sister approached the pair.  She took in the sight 
of her older sibling lapping at the monster dick with a freshly fucked look on 
her face.  She padded toward the pair.  She looked first at her sister and 
winked at her. Next, she looked up at the handsome black man.

    "Roger!! How could you?" The black man was dumbfounded.  He could fel 
his  semi hard dick deflating rapidly.
    
    Before he could answer Ann scooted from the edge of the table and 
towered over her little sister still holding the limp fat dick in her slim 
hand.  "Kat, let's take this to my husbands den, it will be quieter there."

  "But.." The tiny woman lowered her head.  "Yes, my big sister."

  Roger could see the older sister's dominance.  She may be submissive 
sexually, but otherwise she was a dominant woman.  He remembered how she 
slapped his face and now it seemed like Kat remembered something similar too.
The whole thing seemed rather surreal to him the trio went down the hallway
to her husbands den.

   Ann immediately took command.  "Now then, Kat you had something to say?

   Kat smaller then her sister, who teetered on her three inch stiletto heels,
seemed to draw some courage.  She turned to Roger.  "Did you fuck my big
sister in the ass?"

   The lewd words brought the scene back to mind.  "Yes.  I fucked her in 
the ass."
   
   "Did you shoot your wad up her asshole?"
   
   "Yes, I did."
   
   " and right after you fucked me till I passed out?"

   "Yes. Right after I fucked you."

   Ann had heard enough.  She had seen her sisters words were getting to 
the big man as she saw his limp dick started to get fatter.  "That's enough 
Kat."  She pushed her little sister down on her husband's couch.  "Roger 
has enough meat for both of us.  I say we share."

   Kat pouted.  "I say we don't."

   Ann snarled.  "You little bitch, I think you need to taught a lesson 
about who's boss around her."

   The housewife slapped her sister hard, jerking the girls face to the side. 
Quickly, Ann grabbed the girl and tossed her against the arm of the couch.
Like a cat on high heels, she was on the other side of the arm and pinned
the little girl down so her waist was held in place and her ass was upturned.

   Still barking orders, she turned her attention to Roger.  "Okay big guy, 
its time my little sister learned a lesson about sharing.  Go get behind 
her."

    The little girl kept squirming, while the black stud got behind her.  Even
just semi erect, the giant dick went smack as it landed on top of her ass.

   "Now rub your dick on her ass and back until it gets hard."

   Kat kept squirming, but pinned over the arm of the couch, she was no 
match for her big sister.  She could feel the huge prick lengthening over her 
ass and make its way up her back.  She shivered as she thought of the target 
her little ass presented to the black stud.  Everytime she shivered, squirmed
or even whimpered, it all served to harden the dick that had just fucked her 
unconscience only an hour before.

   Ann marveled at the monster dick hovering over her little sister's ass.  
She watched in awe as it thickened and hardened.  It took all of her will 
power not grab the huge length of manmeat for herself.  When the schlong 
reached its full foot long length, the black stud annouced he was ready.

   "Okay Ann, it's hard now."  He accentuated his words by slapping the fat
against Kat's back.

   "Good.  Now ram that fucker up her ass and teach her a lesson about 
obeying her older sister!"

   Kat heard the words and immediately terror gripped the little girl.  "NO!!
He can't put huge thing in my ass!  It'll rip me apart."

   Ann raised an eyebrow and grinned to the man above her struggling Kat.  
"You should've thought of that before you raised your voice to your big 
sister."

   The shipping clerk looked at his defenseless target.  His giant cockknob
easily dwarfed the hole it about obliterate.  He felt a twinge of sympathy
for the poor girl.  "Ann, at least let me lube my cock a little."

   Ann felt Kat struggling and felt the young girl give up.  "Okay, big guy,
come here and take some butter from my ass, I'm still dripping."  Indeed, the
man could see two trails.  One, golden and white which belonged the older
sister and another pure white which belonged to Kat.  

   His hardness bobbing in front of him, he went to the little housewife and 
instead of simply scooping the lube from well formed butt, he crouched down 
and eased the giant dick back inside of Ann.

   Ann took a sharp breath as she felt the enormous dick penetrate her.  She
immediately wanted more.  She turned slightly so she could look up at the big
man.  "You bastard!" she said playfully as he unpacked his cock from Ann's
mini pussy and readied himself above Kat's micro asshole.

   The humongous black dick dripping with her sister's juices lined up Kat's
asshole.  He could hear the older sister urging her on.  "Don't be gentle!
She needs to be taught a lesson,  ram it up her ass in one stroke."

   Kat tightened her asscheeks at the words and the feel of the giant dick
brushing against her tiny globes.  The words of the big black stud shook the
little girl to the core.

   "HOLD YOUR ASSCHEEKS OPEN, KAT!...NOW!!!"

   Kat's mind thought of the humbling slap of her sister, the firm grip 
holding in her place while she was being sodomized by her new master and let
out a small whine of surrender.  The young girl did as he commanded holding 
her own butt open so the massive prick could could violate her with one 
devastating stroke!

   Roger's huge black cock was rockhard.  Here he was about to violate the
asshole of a woman who could pass for ten years old.  What was even nastier
was the fact that it was the little girls own sister who held her in place.  
He shook his head at the situation and plowed forward, obeying the command of 
his first dickslave.  In one slow devasting stroke, he plowed forward, 
busting the little sister's ass cherry.  

   Kat felt the felt the blinding pain and froze.  It felt like her insides 
were turned inside out.  Just when it seemed the pain would never subside, 
the girl felt a new pain as her sister smacked her upturned butt.
 
   Ann continued the spanking while the big man repeatedly sodomized the 
the tiny Kat.  "It's for your own good, Kat.  Now tell him you want to be 
fucked HARDER!!!"

   In the midst of the words, the spanking and the reaming of her microsized
asshole, Kat could feel the smallest amount of ecstacy creeping from her 
crotch.  Welling up her courage, Kat began haunching backwards, helping the 
well hung stud to violate her anus.  
 
   Her voice began as whisper coming in halting words.  "UHN...UHN...fuck me."

   Ann stopped spanking her sister, kneeled down and kissed her with 
full incestuous  lips.  "Tell him like you mean it, little sister."

   Kat could feel the tinglings in her crotch.  She released her upturned
globes of pleasure so she could push back harder....after she kissed her 
sister back.   "Fuck me harder!"

   Roger supported his weight with his muscular arms and continued to impale
the little girls rectum with his humongous black dick.  Like her sister 
before her, the big man words shook the girl.  "C'MON KAT, WORK THAT LITTLE
ASS OF YOURS, DADDY WANTS TO CUM!"

    "UHN!!! UHNUHN!!! UHHHHHN!!!  OOOOHHHH YESSSS!!!! FUCK MY LITTLE ASS!!! 
FUCK ME!!! UHN!!!"  Kat no longer felt pain as the giant tube of black flesh
kept raping her ass over and over.

    "TAKE THAT BIG DICK, YOU LITTLE SLUT!"  Roger could feel sweat building 
on his brow as he continued to fuck the little tramps ass.  The couch was
beginning to move with every thrust.
    
   The little housewife took a step back to watch the spectacle.  Her little
sister, bent over the arm of her couch, taking a foot of schlongmeat up her 
tiny well formed ass repeatedly.  Then the thoughts that went through her 
head made her shiver.   The sexy little tramp went behind the pair and 
paused to watch the muscular butt of her new dickmaster banging her little 
sisters ass.

   Leaning over the couch and trapped underneath the big man's punishing 
body Kat's tiny feet were flailing in the air, vibrating at the power of each 
and every stroke.  There was no where for the tiny woman to go, so the only 
thing Kat could do was lie there and take it.

   Ann slid underneath the pair on her back, wriggling her big titted body 
till she could see the massive stake of black meat packing and unpacking her
little sisters asshole.  She watched the elephant sized balls smack into the
tiny pussy at the same time her asshole was being punished.  Her soft hands 
moved the stud back a bit, gripped a hold of his giant black dick and shoved 
it into her mouth, gave it a few sucks and then helped him replace the thick 
beef stalk into the miniscule rectum.

   Roger threw his head and growled.  "ARRRRGH!  YEAH BABY YEAH!  I'M ALMOST
THERE!"  He could feel the grumblings of another cumblast welling up at the 
base of his dick as over and over, Ann would rip the cock from her sisters
ass, give it a few hearty sucks and then put it back in her younger sisters
butt.  The stud looked down to watch and the sight made him fuck the tiny
girl even harder.   He saw the beautiful Ann Pham, her lips swollen from
sucking cock, her face partially hidden by the giant dick.  His bloated cum
sack was sliding along her face until they would bang against Kats well 
fucked pussy.  The tiny LITTLE shitter stretched beyond reason.  The 
whimpering panting women.  All served to bring the big black stud to his 
climax.

   "AHHHHHH YESSSS!!!!  TAKE THE BIG ONE, KAT!!!"

   "UHN!!! UHNUHN!!! CUM IN MY ASS!!! UHHHHHN!!!  OOOOHHHH YESSSS!!!! 
FUCK MY ASS!!! FUCK ME!!! UHN!!! UHN!!! UHN!!! UHN!!!"

   "YOU ASKED FOR IT!! TAKE MY CUM!!! TAKE IT NOW!!!

   Roger shook the little Kat like a toy as he shot his thick load of cum up 
her ass.  The swelling of his giant dick and the cum blast in her shithole 
set off Kat's own climax.

    "OHHHHHHHH YESSSS!!! UGN!!! THANK...UGN...YOU!!!! OOOOWOOH!! OHHH THANK 
YOU...MASTER"  Kat kept writhing and bucking underneath him.  Her first ever
anal orgasm hit like a tidal wave, starting at her violated anus and washing
over her entire body.    

   Roger grinned as he continued thrusting up Kats ass.  Even through his 
own mind blowing climax, he could hear the little girl thanking him for 
busting her ass cherry and shooting his wad up her little shithole.

   The black shipping clerk looked down and the sight kept him rockhard.  
Kat's little shitter couldn't contain all of her new masters load and the 
overflow had hit Ann's beautiful oriental face.  In the midst of shooting 
his load, he had almost forgotten how she had squirmed her way underneath 
them.  Her reward was to have her entire face plastered with the man's thick 
white cum.

   Her eyes had been plastered shut, but she forced one open.  The only 
visible thing on the little housewife's face were her large eyes and her 
lips as her tiny tounge as licked away the excess jism.

   He lifted himself from atop Kats body, still jerking slightly from her 
climax, picked up the well sister and placed on top of her sister.  The big
man grinned again as he positioned himself between the older sisters legs.
He was glad the sight of Ann cum soaked face had kept him hard.  Now he 
could live out what he had dreamed about since had arrived there.

   An Oriental fuck sandwich.  Little sister on top, big sister on bottom 
and He, the girls new dick master would provide a slab of thick black meat.

   
   
   Chapter Eight
   The two sisters spoke in the melodic tones of Vietnamese.  Ann kissed her 
little sister.  "Just like old times, Hmm Kat?"

   Kat moved back a little till her mouth were above the balloon sized tits.
"It has been a while, sis...Did you have to slap me so hard?"

  The housewife smoothed her sisters hair.  "Sorry dear, I just got carried
away."  She stroked the young girls smooth skin.  "But thank you, Kat, thank
you for sharing."

   Kat playfully nipped her sister nipple.  "That's for the slap.  And of
course, Ann, 'sisters always share.'"

   Roger towered over the two, listening in, while stroking his fat dick.
"What the hell is going on here?"

   Like her namesake, Kat sleeked away from her big sister, and grabbed
the giant meat pole.  She slowly masturbated him while Ann followed her
sisters lead.  Roger could feel his balls tightening as four tiny perfectly 
manicured hands gripped his thick shaft sliding the skin back and forth.
Every so often a sister would smooch the giant cockhead.  They seemed to 
ignore the owner of their new toy as the two sisters continued to speak in 
Vietmanmese.

   "He's so huge, Kat.  Look at it.  The head must be as big as an apple."

   "I know, he's thick as a coke can.  Busted my ass in two. I won't be able
to sit for a week."

   Ann squeezed her now tender asshole.  "Tell me about it.  Look at these
veins, they look like soda straws.  His dick makes my husbands look like my 
pinky.  I just didn't know they came this big. EEE! He's getting bigger!"
    
    The stud wanted to complain, but the two women taking turns smooching
and sucking and jacking him off were making him crazy.  Finally the older 
sister moved her giant tits over his chest to kiss him deeply, while her 
little sister devoted herself to sucking the monster dick all by herself.
Ann broke the kiss.  "You see, all of the Pham sisters are hot.  We're 
hot little firecrackers and we know it.  Our parents did a good job of 
keeping our panties up, but we had to do SOMETHING so...we became close. 
Closer then most sisters."  
    
    To punctuate the point, Ann tapped her sister on the head, who stopped 
gorging herself on his too thick chocolate shaft.  She slithered her body up 
and kissed him deeply.  Soon the new sounds were that of Ann choking herself 
on the black studs massive erection.  It was like they were a tag team and 
they were taking turns sucking big black schlong.

   Kat took up the conversation. "...So we share everything.  All the time."

   Roger nodded his head in acceptance.  After all he had been through tonight
he thought life could be worse.   "What about Quin?"

   Kat scoffed. "He was supposed to nail us both tomorrow night.  But I 
found you, Ann found you and you gotta enough meat for the both of us."

   The shipping clerk loved the feel of two girls working him over.  So they
both wanted to share him, eh?  He had a feeling that he could used to 
banging both girls every night real fast.  "Sounds good to me."  The girls 
tender ministrations roused him into a frenzy.  "Who wants it first?"

   He heard the sound of his fat cockhead pop from Ann's slurping mouth.  He
watched the sexy little housewife lay back, her watermelon tits wobbling,
tantalizing the black stud.  "ME!  I've enough of my husbands tiny dick. 
Fuck me first, sir!"

   Kat slinked her body down the big mans until she layed beside her sister.
He cocked her legs, hooking her legs open with her arms.  "ME!  I found you 
first.  Fuck me now, big daddy!"  

   The sexy little housewife squeezed her big tits and licked her own 
nipples.  "NO! FUCK ME SIR!  I WANT THAT BIG DICK NOW!!"

  The little sister began humping her butt in an unmistakeable fuck motion.
"NO!!  FUCK ME FIRST BIG DADDY, I NEED THE BIG ONE AND I NEED IT NOW!"

   Both women were writhing on their backs, beckoning him to the women.  If 
both they wanted him, then dammit he would do his best.  The stud wrenched 
his donkey sized cock so it would stop slapping his stomach.  He snapped his 
fingers.  "Alright thats enough dammit!  Get in the position I put you...NOW!" 

   Instantly the girls obeyed him.  Kat was on top of her sister, their baby
soft skin rubbing each other.  Their kisses upon each other were tender and
gentle.  Ann was kissing her younger sisters face, when her mouth flew open
and her eyes grew wide.  The glamourous beauty had gotten her wish, as the
big black stud took a thin ankle in each hand, and eased himself into the 
older sister.  

   Kat took advantage of the situation sucking her big sisters nipples, as
Ann was moved back and forth with every pump of the big man.  Once again, 
the little housewife could feel her pussy being split in two.  She began to
babble.  "UHN...THATS IT! Back and forth...EASY!!!  AWWWOOO, GEEZUS ITS JUST
SO BIG!!!"

   The little sister was fascinated with the look upon the beauty's face. 
She would watch Ann's eyes squint and open wide.  She saw how her sisters head 
kept turning from side to side and could feel the young woman arch her back as
the man fucking her became more insistent.  She could see small beads of 
sweat on Ann's brow, when her sisters features relaxed a bit.  Suddenly her 
own head snapped up as she felt her tiny box being packed slowly but surely 
as she recieved her share of the black mans jumbo beef stick.

   "UHN...AWOOoO YES!!  THAT'S IT!! FUCK ME!! ...UHN FUCK ME GOOD BIG DADDY!"
All at once she could feel the orgasmic spark welling up in her crotch.  Her
nipples became so hard they hurt.  She was going crazy, jerking and bucking
on the massive dickprong nailing her and nailing her good!

  She felt a sudden sadness and a void as she saw her sister pick up where 
she left off.  Once again, the stud had resumed fucking Ann.  She could 
feel the large hand of the shipping clerk rubbing her nookie, keeping it 
hot for the return of his too fat member.
   
   The big black stud was getting off as never before.  The fuck sandwich
was a sexual delight he would have to repeat over and over.  He would screw 
one sister, giving her twenty strokes before banging the other sister even 
harder.  He was picking up steam, literally fucking the pair across the den 
room floor!  He would never have to have another fantasy as muledicked
stock clerk screwed talking trash all the while!

   "THAT'S IT ANN, KEEP WORKING THAT ASS, TAKE THAT BIG DICK YOU LITTLE 
TRAMP! ALLRIGHT THAT'S ENOUGH FOR YOU!  YOUR TURN, KAT!! SING FOR BIG DADDY, 
NOW, LET ME HEAR YOU BEG FOR COCK! DAMN THIS PUSSY IS TIGHT!"

   He didn't have to ask.  Both girls were whimpering and moaning, singing 
to his ears, as fucked them both.  When he wasn't nailing one, the other 
would help to keep her sister hot.  

   Even though he had started with Ann, the micropussy of kat, contracted 
and spasmed in orgasm first.  Her tiny body contorted as she if she were 
having fits.  "AHH...AHHH. AHHHHHYESSS! I'M CUUMMMING!  URGH YESSSSSSSSS!"  
The big man pulled his thick cock from Kats creaming pussy, grabbed her by
the waist as if she were a toy and lifted her so she was upside down and her
micronookie was a feeding bag.  He sucked in the creamy juice, seasoned with
his own sperm from the fucking earlier before.  Kat kept climaxing, juicing
the mans chin with her own fluid.

   While he was eating the climax from Kat, Ann scooted forward and recieved
her lions share of dick.  The sight of her sisters head licking her body, 
while the big man fed on her nookie was nasty indeed.  The man ears were 
being hidden by the silky thighs of her sister.  The sight of Kat being 
eaten and now the foot long dong prick being slammed into her pussy brought 
her over the edge as well.  "AHH...AHHH. AHHHHHYESSS! I'M CUUMMMING!  URGH 
YESSSSSSSSS!"

   The stud kept fucking through her first climax and another.  At the same 
time he kept eating her little sister through orgasm after orgasm.  Ke kept 
this up until both girls were a sweaty heap of undulating orgasmic flesh.  
The fucking and sucking he did earlier to the women kept his orgasm from 
hitting too soon, but now, he could feel his massive nutsack tightening.  
The pleasure Ann's baby like pussy was bestowing upon him was driving him 
over the edge.

    He had done his duty and satisfied the two cock hungry vixens, now he 
wanted to relieve the pressure in his chubby nutsack.  He lifted the young
housewife's ass off the carpeted floor again and again as he fucked her as
she were a two dollar whore.  Kat fell off from the vigourous motion and 
knelt beside him to kiss him.  She slinked her body so she grew could knead 
the ever-full balls of her stud in hands but they were too large and kept 
spilling from side to side.  She did her best and craned her neck to see her 
older sister get her due.

   Earlier in the day, he hadn't come in the young womans pussy and now 
wanted to rectify that omission.  He watch the sexy little womans beautiful 
oriental face contort and grimace as he slammed his oversized prong into her 
over worked pussy.   "ANN, I CAN'T HOLD BACK MUCH LONGER!"

   "DON'T HOLD BACK,SIR!! GIVE IT TO ME NOW YOU SIR!!! I'LL HELP YOU SIR!!!"
Ann felt as if the monster dick was going to come out of her mouth.  He was
making sure he fucked each and every centimeter of her pussy.  She strained
and flexed her pussy muscles, tightening them, milking the elephant cock 
each time it invaded her childlike cunt.  

   "ALMOST THERE, LITTLE ANN!!! GONNA FEED THAT LITTLE PUSSY OF YOURS!"  The
big man was screwing Quin's wife as hard as he could.  Leaning into her as 
her high heeled feet danced upon his chest, he used her weather balloon 
sized tits to try and hold her in place. At this point, the housewife was 
nothing more then a receptacle for his black seed as he shook her like a toy 
while porked her again and again.  The tightening, milking motion of her 
vise like muscles were more then he could take.  Her eyes opened wide and 
locked on his as she felt foot long dong swell to dangerous proportions.  

   "UHN!!....PLEASE...SIR..UHN...BIG DADDY...UHN UHN...TOO BIG...TOO 
GODDAMN BIG UHN UHN UHN SIR!!"  Roger couldn't help but grin as the little 
sexpot began to babble.  

   "HERE IT COMES!!! TAKE IT BABY!!! TAKE DADDY'S CUM NOW!!!""
  
  All at once his balls tightened and with an extra grunt Roger began 
pouring his seed into Ann's defenseless pussy.  His orgasm set off another, 
more intense climax within the little housewife slut.  Her eyes opened wide,
her toes pointed and cracked as she kicked her little high heels from her 
feet.  Her fists pounding on Roger's shoulders when suddenly her body 
stiffened one final time, her babylike tounge lolled from the side of her 
mouth and her eyes glazed over completely.  

  Kat watched the big man shiver over and over as he kept coming inside of 
her sister.  The little girl saw the small pool of spittle by Ann's mouth 
and the way the gorgeous womans eyes fluttered let her know that her older 
sibling was fast asleep.  "Geezus!!  You fucked her unconscience!"

   He gripped the young sister and kissed her trying to catch his breath.
The young girl helped him stand.  Playfully she pushed him against the wall.
She only had to lean over slightly to catch the remaining cream spilling 
from his slowly deflating, but still fat cock.  She lapped at it gently.

   "Man, you gotta alot cream.  what a mess."  Kat could feel his cream 
dripping from her chin.  She smiled as she saw her sister stir and pad over
on shaky legs.  
 
    "Move over sis and share.  I need more dick."  Ann face was still 
dripping cum from the earlier session on the couch.

    Roger put a hand on each head.  "I just hope I can survive till morning."
His cock was still super sensitive from his intense orgasm.

    Ann smooched the fat cockhead and pumped him gently.  She saw there was
easily enough dick for the two girls to share.  "What? don't tell me you 
need a rest?  I thought you were such a tiger."

   Kat used both hands to knead his aching ballsack.  "I say we double team 
him and get one more load from him.  I do like the taste."

   Ann smiled and kissed along the trunklike shaft.  "Mmmm, his cum does 
taste sweet.  Hey look!"

   Kat joined her sister in sucking the thickening black dick.  "I know.  
It's getting bigger!"   

FINAL CHAPTER
    Quin awoke alone.  The last thing he remembered was exploding his seed 
all over his wife's tender ass.  He sat back with a smile.  He had it made. 
Nookie on the side from his fat mistress and he kept his wife satisfied too.

   He noticed the pounding on the walls had stopped.  No doubt, his little 
sister in law and her new lover were sleeping.  Feeling thirsty he pulled on
his briefs and decided to get something to drink.  He stopped in front of 
his den when he heard strange noises.  As he opened the door, the sight he 
saw froze his blood.

   On their knee's before his houseguest, were his sister in law and wife.  
Both girls were making mewing and purring sounds that intermixed with the
unmistakeable sound of a large penis being sucked.  The stud had his hands 
on both of the girls head. He was rolling his bead back and forth as if 
trying to hold off from coming.  He looked in a mirror across the room 
and he could see his wife pumping the gigantic dong shaft with both hands, 
her mouth filled to bursting while she choked on Roger's thick chocolate 
measure.  

   He craned his head and could also see Kat nursing at what looked like
ostrich sized nuts.  One of her tiny hands were pumping the thick shaft, 
while the other squeezed her sisters tits from time to time.  He stared at 
the giant dick sometimes being pumped easily with four hands and in spite 
of his jealousy he could feel miniature dick struggling to get hard.

  Involuntarily Quin took two fingers and began stroking his peter in time 
to his wifes slow, grinding strokes on the fat foot long dong.  He watched
in awe as his dick hungry slut wife pulled away from sucking for a second.

  Ann, the housewife slut, looked up at the smiling stud. "Okay, its time
for the best cocksucking of your life.  I'm gonna suck every inch of your 
big dick and I'm not stopping till my nose is combing your pubic hair.  Kat,
I'm gonna need your help with this fat hose of his."
   
   Kat stopped nursing at the huge ball sack, stepped behind her big sister
and grabbed both of her arms, restraining her.  The little housewife eyes
locked on the muscular black man's.  "Okay, big guy, start packing that 
monster down my throat.  No mercy."
                                   
   
   The big man looked down at the big titted little slut.  He wrenched the
down his big cock that had slapped his sternum when the woman released it.
He grinned.  "Okay, little honey, NO MERCY!"
   
   Unknowingly, the older sister positioned herself so that she and her big 
dicked lover could be seen plainly by Quin.  He watched as the black man's
cock nudged his wife's head back again and again as he tried to get the over
sized dickhead into the woman's tiny mouth.  It was too big.  Or at least 
that was Quin thought until he watched his wife twist her head to and fro.
Her swollen cocksucking lips stretched dangerously as she strained to 
recieve his massive member.  Precum and spit flowed freely as she forced 
his head into her waiting mouth.  Now her cheek bulged everytime the man 
fucked her face.  

   The shipping clerks giant hands held the little woman's head as he thrust
his hips slightly forward.  He could see Ann choking and fighting back the 
urge to vomit as he edged ever forward embedding more and more of his foot
long, arm thick, club of a penis into her throat.  Drool was now flowing 
like a fountain and Ann knew she was in way over her head.  She tried to 
escape but was in held in place by the strong hands of her lover and her own
little sister.  Helpless, she tilted her head back to make one smooth canal
for elephantine cock fucking her throat and face.

   Quin could feel his little peter getting stiffer.  He could see the sight
of the mans thick hose making a bulge down her throat every time he moved 
his hips forward.  He could see tears well up in Ann eyes as the big black
stud fucked her throat like a two dollar whore.  The sight of his wife being
held in place by her own sister, while a huge dicked black man porked her 
face was more then he could take and he made a yelp as his dick spurted its 
third load in twenty four hours.  "EEP!"

    At the sound, the trio turned their head toward the door.  The cock 
never left Ann's mouth as she craned her neck to see her own husband 
watching her choke on her lover's thick black meat.  The sexy little woman 
felt no remorse as she saw her husbands spent limp weewee in his hand.  He 
had obviously enjoyed the show.  She thought of her husband lying to her, 
the affair he had been having his wife's back.  Well, now it was her turn.  

    The black man stopped moving his hips as he caught sight of her husband
watching the dick sucking action.  He felt the suction on his cock increase
and a pair of perfectly manicured hands kneading his balls.  He looked at
her husband mesmorized by the sight and then down at the housewife who 
opened her eyes wide in contrast to her flattened nostrils.  The intense 
incredible cocksucking action, Kats hands roaming all over his muscular 
body and the unreal beauty of the tiny housewife all served to push him 
over the edge.

   "ANN!"
              
   "ULLMPH!" <CHOKE!> "ULLMPH!! "ULLMPH!!"

   "I...I CAN'T STOP ANN!  GET READY TO FEED"

   "ULLMPH!! ULLMPH <CHOKE!> ULLMPH!! ULLMPH <CHOKE!>"

   "AARGH!"

   The stud's bellow startled Quin, but readied Ann who was ready to recieve
his molten lava offering.  Quin could see his wife swallow, a little cum 
would leak out and then she would swallow again.  The sexy little housewife,
tried to take a breath when another cum shot choked her and filled her tiny 
mouth to overflowing.  With her mouth filled, the sperm backed out and 
flowed from her nostrils.  She jerked her head back, fighting for air, but 
the humongous cock kept ejaculating its milky discharge and plastered one 
of her eyes shut.

    When the shipping clerk finally finished cumming, the little sex kitten
had strings of sperm that hung from her chin in long yo-yoing strands.  Ann
didn't bother to wipe except to lick up his spermy offering from her lips 
and didn't move as the well hung stud insolently wiped the fat knob of his 
dick on her forehead.  

   Ann finally stood, keeping one hand around the tremendous length of hose
of her new sex teacher.  "Quin, I found out that you've been screwing around."

   Quin stammered still blown away by the sight of his lovely wife sucking off
another man.  "I...I..its not my fault, you just want too much sex."

   His wife stamped her high heel shoe, a drop of sperm splattering upon 
the snake skin leather.  "Well, then you won't mind, if Big Guy here takes 
up the slack."  She snuggled up against her huge black lover.

   Quin managed to find some nerve.  "I won't have it! I am your husband..."

   Ann finished the sentence for him.  "and your peewee dick won't be 
getting any more of this anymore. Unless..."

   Quin turned his head slightly. "unless what?"

   Ann held up the battered length of dick that was beginning to show signs 
of renewed life under her tender and gentle touch.  "Unless you pay for your
lies and cheating by greasing up his dick before he fucks us both...again."

   Quin lowered his head, he couldn't imagine the humilation and shame.  He 
stuck his chest in false bravado.  "Fine.  I got another woman anyway. Who 
needs you?  I'll get some new pussy."

   Kat decided to stick in her two cents worth.  "If you had a bigger weiner,
you'd find some new pussy right here!"

   Quin turned and huffed off, muttering gawdamn bitches as he left.  Less
then a minute later the trio heard the door slam.  

  A half hour later, Roger, Ann and Kat laid together in the enormous bed.
The black stud had his hands folded behind his head as he watched the sperm
soaked faces of the two sisters play with his dick.  He couldn't understand 
what was being said but really didn't care.  Their stroking, purring and 
snuggling up to the big black dick was starting him to stiffen again.  He
sighed to himself with bliss as he listened to the sisters speak in hushed 
and whispered tones.
 
    "Hey Ann, look at it again."

    "Kat, I don't think I better...uh oh!"

    "Yep too late!  It's getting bigger!"


                               The End


















































































































































--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.why.net/users/mrdouble/htm/authors2.htm

Be There.....