				Restroom Queen
				======= ======
 
   
     My first real cock sucking adventure didn't happen until I was 
nineteen years old, I was in college and still living with my parents. 
Since I worked during the day I took night classes and on this night I 
attended my Humanities class, when class was over I didn't feel like going 
home so I stopped by the liquor store and picked up a six pack of beer. I 
went driving around going nowhere in particular, and soon found myself way 
out of town. I was really feeling horny and wishing I could suck on a cock, 
I then thought of this rest stop out near the county line that had dirty 
writing on the wall when I stopped in once. And I wondered if it was 
possible that guys actually met there for sex, well I decided to go find 
out. I pulled up to the rest stop and it was pretty much deserted except 
for a couple of cars, I went inside and read all the writing on the walls. 
They were asking for hard cocks, or to get fucked up the ass. Too bad I 
didn't have a pen or I may have added something up there, I then went back 
out to my car and sat for a while drinking my beers. Then I saw another car 
pull into the rest stop and a guy get out and walk into the bathroom, a 
minute later I saw another guy follow him in there. Then I saw an older 
black man walk up to the door, I knew then I had to go up there. The black 
man was positioned in a dark corner peeking through the holes in the 
bathroom door, I thought I saw his hand in his crotch but I couldn't tell. 
I walked closer to him but he looked startled by my sudden appearance and 
quickly walked away, I looked in through the door but couldn't see 
anything. So I walked around the sidewalk a little and noticed the black 
man returning to his previous viewing spot by the door, I waited for a few 
minutes and I followed. There he was in the same spot, and he didn't leave 
this time as I approached. I got up close to him and I tried to see if his 
cock was out but it was so dark I couldn't tell, I rubbed the crotch in my 
jeans and he just stared. It was then I decided to go for broke, I reached 
down into the darkness towards his crotch and was rewarded by a stiff black 
cock hitting my fingers. I quickly wrapped my hand around him and stroked 
it up and down, he moved with my hand and made it obvious that he enjoyed 
it. I stroked him for a while until finally I wasn't satisfied with a cock 
in my hand, in one swift motion I dropped to my knees and took his cock 
into my mouth. He was hard as a rock and I savored every black inch of him, 
his cock was about six and a half inches and the perfect size for sucking. 
He leaned back against the wall and was breathing heavily thrusting his 
dick into my mouth, I knew then that I wanted to feel his hot cum shooting 
into my throat. The guys in the bathroom must have heard us because we 
heard rustling inside and they came out of the bathroom just as I was 
getting off my knees, they gave us a rather odd look and walked on by. It 
was then that the back said his first words to me, they were "let's go out 
to the car". I followed him to a beat up old Chevelle, and he unlocked the 
passenger's side and I got in. He put his seat back and pushed down his 
pants, I needed no further invitation and I leaned head over his lap and 
soon had him in my mouth. He had gone limp but it took just a few passes of 
my hungry tongue to get him going again, I licked up and down his cock, 
flicked my tongue around the head, caressing the pee hole with my tongue. I 
then moved down to his balls taking them into my mouth one by one, all 
while stroking his cock with my hand. He was really moaning now, and I 
sucked away at his approval. I leaned up for a second to take a breather, 
fascinated by his cock as I stared at it in my hand. He then said "Don't 
stop, suck that thing baby!", I went down and sucked as hard as I could. 
Jacking him off with my mouth, lightly raking my teeth over his stiff 
manhood, using every trick I had seen my favorite porno stars use on their 
men. Traci Lords was my favorite cock sucker and I used her technique the 
most, and was obviously getting positive results. I got down into the 
floorboard of the car taking him wholly into my mouth, I could taste the 
precum leaking out of his prick and I was aching for a taste of that warm 
fluid of his. I grabbed his cock and stroked it as I sucked the head, 
getting the motion going and feeling the head pulse bigger and bigger. I 
felt so hot and nasty, me a country boy from a small southern city suck on 
some old nigger's dick. And it tasted better than any chocolate candy I've 
ever had. By now he was talking dirty to me, saying things like "you suck 
that thing so good" and "You like sucking that dick don't you?". Finally he 
told me the words I wanted to hear as I did my stroking and sucking 
technique, he said "keep doing that and you gonna get some white stuff in 
your mouth". I replied by sucking even harder on his prick, I could feel 
him pulsing against my tongue and still tasting the traces of precum 
leaking out the end. He moaned louder and said "I'm getting close", I 
continued my sucking. Then he said "There it is" with a big gasp, and I 
next thing I had a really warm taste filling my mouth, I explored it all 
with my tongue, savoring every drop. And with one big gulp swallowed the 
whole thing, I took my mouth off his cock and looked at it starting to 
soften a little bit. I squeezed it along its length and gathered another 
small load at the head of his cock, I leaned over and eagerly licked up 
every drop, and took his length into my mouth for the last time. He said "I 
think you swallowed all thats left", and pulled his cock out of my mouth 
and tucked it into his underwear. I licked my lips and thanked him, and he 
did the same. And we made plans to meet here at the same time next week, 
though I never did see him again. I got out of his car and walked over to 
mine, sitting there thinking about what had just happened. Smiled to 
myself, popped open a beer and drove home.
