"The Reunion"
By:  Phil Phantom

     Jenny and I knew that one day we'd have to deal with her
past.  Brent Hightower was always lurking in the backs of our
minds.  Brent was the school bully, a jock,  and Jenny's
boyfriend in high school.  She was the cutest girl in my
sophomore class when Brent was a senior.  He dropped out of
school to join the army.  He went to Vietnam and stayed for three
tours.  I started dating Jenny in our senior year despite the
reputation she'd earned after six months as Brent's girl.  She
wrote Brent a dear John letter and we married right after
graduation.
     We moved far away and lived in fear of Brent's return.  We
only stayed in contact with our immediate families back home.  In
time, we relaxed, but anxiety was always there.  Jenny put me
through college.  Afterwards, I supported her and we had three
kids.  I got a good job.  She became a wonderful housewife and
mother.  After twenty years, we had just about put Brent out of
our minds.  We returned to our hometown for a family reunion
after learning that Brent was stationed in Germany, a career army
sergeant.  We met many of our old friends, had a great time, and
returned to the west coast.
     One year later, Brent showed up on our doorstep.  It wasn't
totally unexpected.  While home, we learned that Brent hadn't
forgotten, had never married, and was determined to find us. 
After his discharge, he headed for California.  
     Jenny and I never talked about her past with Brent.  I never
tried to find out how much of what I'd heard was true.  She never
offered information.  She was not the same girl with me that
she'd been with Brent.  The one thing I knew was that she married
me because I was a submissive, like her.  She confided in me that
she had no control under a domineering man.  I also knew that a
secret part of her longed for that uncontrolled submission to raw
power.  We both had our secrets and respected each other's
private fantasy lives.  We actually had two sex lives.  We had
rather tame sex as normal couples do, but we both masturbated
frequently, always in private.  
     I knew of Jenny's rather large collection of smut books and
dildoes.  She kept them locked in a suitcase under the bed.  I
had several opportunities to browse her collection after she'd
carelessly left her suitcase unlocked.  I was shocked by the
things I saw.  Heavy bondage and gang rape was the most popular
theme, but she also had many books on incest, pedophelia, and
bestiality.  It was hard to imagine my Jenny thinking of such
things, much less getting off on them.
     As for me, my fantasies tended to center on Jenny and her
imagined infidelity.  I pictured Jenny screwing every male that
came into our life.  To my knowledge, however, I doubt that she'd
ever been unfaithful.  I hinted enough that I'd understand if she
took a lover.  She'd blush at such hints, but would deny the
desire.  Later in our marriage, after she realized what my
fantasies were, she'd only smile and say, "Maybe, if the right
guy came along."
     In the summer of  '92, Jenny and I were thirty eight. 
Barbara, our daughter, was just turning sixteen and as beautiful
as her mother at that age.  Brad was fourteen, and Tommy was
twelve.  Barbara was quiet, demure, petite, and submissive like
me and Jenny.  Tommy was also shy and quiet.  Brad, however, was
very outgoing and difficult to control.  He was bursting with
hormones and gave Barbara a difficult time.  Jenny, too,
complained about his language and the way he treated her.  She
caught him trying to jimmy the lock on her suitcase.  She also
frequently found her and Barbara's used panties in his room,
soiled with dried semen.  She wanted me to talk to Brad about
this, but I kept putting it off.  Brent's arrival made the
discussion a moot point. 
     Brent arrived late one June afternoon, just before I arrived
home from work.  His duffel bag was just inside the entryway.  He
was sprawled in my easy chair, smoking a cigar.  Jenny was
bringing him a fresh drink when I entered.  He hadn't changed
much.  If anything, he looked bigger and more rugged.  Jenny
turned sheepish eyes on me as I surveyed the scene.  Tommy was at
his feet, looking up at him like he was some kind of super hero. 
Tommy beamed, "Look, Dad, it's Uncle Brent!  He was in the war
and killed a whole bunch of commies."
     I set my briefcase down and said, "Hello, Brent."
     Brent smiled, flicked ashes on the carpet, and said, "Hello
yourself, Shrimp.  Jenny, here, just invited me to stay with you
this summer.  How about taking my gear into the bedroom."
     I looked to Jenny.  We had no guest room.  I could not put
Barbara in with the boys.  The garage was unusable.  Jenny, as
though reading my mind, said, "Just put it in our room.  We'll
figure something out later."
     I could not lift his bag.  I dragged it to our bedroom, then
returned to the living room.  Barbara and Brad came home shortly
thereafter.  Brent made a big fuss over Barbara, making her pose
and turn.  She blushed continually.  Brent entertained us with
his barbaric adventures on battlefields, in bars, and in whore
houses.  We were all shocked at the language he used and at the
things he said.  I got the impression that Green Berets did more
fucking than fighting.  Brad and Tommy thought he was cool and
hung on every word.  Barbara was frightened.  Jenny had a curious
nervous glow about her.  I was just plain scared shitless.  
     The sexual tension between Brent and Jenny was obvious from
the start.  His eyes rarely left her, and I caught her eyes
wandering constantly from his massive open chest to his large
crotch bulge under the camouflage pants.  Whenever Jenny came
close, he'd reach out and smack or pinch her ass.  At first,
she'd react modestly, blushing profusely, pulling away.  After a
while, she seemed to go out of her way to move near him, mindless
of our kids.  It wasn't long before she calmly tolerated a hand
traveling high up her leg, even under her short skirt.  The kids
were stunned by her acceptance of this abuse.  She tried to
ignore their questioning looks.  
     We've never seen Jenny act improperly in any way.  She
dresses conservatively, never curses, and never goes about in bra
and panties as some mothers do.  Jenny is a small woman, fair
complected, with a very pretty face and long wavy honey-blond
hair.  She has a petite, sexy figure, tight, but full in the
right places.  
     Barbara looks exactly like Jenny only her hair is straight,
long, and dark, and her breasts aren't as big.  Her figure has
developed nicely, but still looks immature.  She actually looks
more like a fourteen-year-old.  Brent gave Barbara a thorough
going over with his eyes.  He might have pawed her, too, but
Barbara kept her distance.
     While Jenny prepared dinner, I had several opportunities to
corner her.  She seemed evasive.  All I could get out of her was,
"What can we do?" or "We'll cross that bridge when we come to
it."
     Several times, I pressed, "Where will he sleep?"
     She avoided answering, then after the fourth time, she spun
around and said, "Where does a six-hundred pound gorilla sleep? 
Where the hell do you think he's going to sleep?  The question
you should be asking is, where are you going to sleep?"
     She turned away before I could speak.  I suspected as much,
but hearing her say it was a shock.   It was just as well that
she turned away, because I couldn't think of anything to say. 
With her back to me, she said, "We knew this day would come,
Arnold.  Now it's here.  We'll just have to suffer through."
     "What about the kids?"
     "We can't hide this from the kids.  I know Brent.  He'll
enjoy dragging me through the filth in front of them.  I can't
help that; he always gets his way.  Frankly, I'm surprised he
hasn't stripped me naked and taken me in the living room."
     I said, "I'm surprised you didn't suggest it."
     She spun about and said, "Look, Arnold!  I'm no hero, and
neither are you.  I haven't heard a peep out of you all
afternoon.  You want me to take a lover; well, you got your wish. 
Don't even think about acting holier-than-thou with me.  If you
don't speak out, neither will I.  As far as I'm concerned, while
Brent's here, he's the man of the house, and I'm his whore.  You
and the kids had better adjust.  Oh, and one other thing.  If
Brent wants Barbara, and I'm sure he will, I'll probably hold her
legs apart for him.  If you can't deal with that, you'd better
get brave now."
     I stood in stunned silence while that message sank in.  I
was not feeling any braver, though.  Jenny sensed that and added,
"By the way, he intends to impregnate me while he's here.  He
told me so right in front of Tommy.  Tommy watched me flush my
birth control pills down the toilet.  He didn't say anything
about Barbara, but I think she'll get the same treatment.  You
saw the way he looked at her.  We won't be getting abortions
either.  He made that quite clear."
     I shook my head in silent wonder.  I said, "We can always
run."
     "I'm not running from him anymore.  I'm tired of living in
fear.  I always thought he'd kill me if he ever found me.  If all
he wants to do is turn me into a breeder for his brats, well, I
can live with that."
     "What about Barbara?"
     "I can live with that, too.  Chances are she'll only bear
him two or three kids before she leaves home.  She can leave them
with us or take them.  At any rate, she can start her life over
after she leaves here.  While she's here, though, she'll serve
Brent, just like me.  You'd better get used to the idea, Arnold. 
I think we're going to have a very large family."  
     Jenny returned to preparing dinner.  I went and sat outside
on the patio.  I needed to think and hide my growing erection.
     Dinner with Brent was bizarre to say the least.  He had
exhausted his repertoire of fight and fuck stories and began
reminiscing his high school days.  Of course, Jenny was the main
topic.  Our kids heard stories about their mother that were
unbelievable.  Throughout the telling, Jenny maintained a deep
blush, never making eye contact with anyone.  I squirmed
nervously as he described in intimate detail every sexual
experience she had.  She never denied anything.  The rumors I'd
heard seemed true.  Poor Barbara was having a hard time eating. 
Brad grinned from ear to ear, and Tommy smiled innocently.
     Besides talking like a barbarian, he ate like one.  He
rarely used a fork, preferring fingers.  He made a mess where he
ate.  Brad soon began to mimic him, both in actions and speech. 
He floored us by asking, "How many times a week did you fuck her,
Uncle Brent?"
     Jenny looked up at that comment, as surprised as I at our
son's words.  She, however,  made no comment, nor did I.  We all
awaited Brent's answer.  Brent smiled and said, "Shit, Son, we
fucked three times a day and twice that on weekends.  Ain't that
right, sweetpuss?"
     Jenny bashfully said, "I suppose.  Would you like more roast
beef?"
     Brent leaned back in his chair and crudely groped his crotch
with a maniacal grin and said, "I think you know what I want more
of, don't you?"
     "Brent, please, you're embarrassing me."
     "Oh, come now, Jenny.  Don't tell me you've been trying to
hide the fact that you're a whore all these years.  Is that what
you've been doing?  I don't think you fooled Brad.  Did she have
you fooled, Son?"
     Brad smiled and eagerly said, "No way.  I knew all along."
     "How about you, Barbara?  Did Mommy fool you?"
     Barbara fired back, "My mother is not a whore, Mr.
Hightower."
     "Call me Uncle Brent, sweetheart.  And I think you might
change your tune before the night's out.  How about you Tommy, my
boy?  You ever see your mom fucking anyone besides your dad?"
     "No, never."
     "Ever see her naked?"
     "Nope!"
     "Do you want to?"
     Tommy blushed and looked about nervously before saying, 
"Yeah, I guess."
     "Well, take her clothes off, then.  Hell, she won't mind. 
Jenny loves showing off her body.  Go on, kid.  Strip her!"
     All eyes were on Tommy, even Jenny's.  Tommy looked
frightened.  After a few seconds, Brad volunteered, "I'll strip
her."
     Brent said, "No, you're too eager.  Give Tommy the
privilege.  How about it kid?  You said you want to see her
naked.  Strip her, right here, right now!"
     Tommy looked over to his mother.  Jenny's eyes cast down to
her plate.  I could see the undeniable flush washing over her. 
Though deeply embarrassed, I knew she wanted him to strip her. 
Tommy said, "You mean do it right here at the table?"
     "That's right, kid.  Strip her buck-assed naked."
     He glanced around, ignoring Barbara's dirty look and said,
"I suppose, if she'll let me."
     "She'll let you.  Don't worry about that.  Go on.  Get over
there and help her out."
     Tommy rose cautiously.  Barbara said, "Tommy, don't you
dare!"
     Tommy ignored her and cautiously came around to Jenny's side
of the table.  Jenny drew a deep breath as he came up beside her. 
There was a brief pause as they each thought about what was about
to happen.  Timidly, Tommy's hands went to the top buttons of
Jenny's blouse and fumbled with the first button, giving her
ample opportunity to halt him.  When she said nothing, he undid
the button and immediately started on the next.  Jenny sat
motionless with her arms hanging limply at her sides, red as a
fire plug.  Tommy undid button after button until the last one
was undone.  He moved the flaps off her creamy shoulders and slid
the sleeves down her arms.  Jenny sat forward to facilitate the
blouse's removal.  Tommy seemed surprised and smiled, tossing it
aside.  With her in her bra, he looked around.  Brent nodded. 
Tommy reached for the center clasp of the bra.  He had
difficulty, but it finally gave way.  He reverently pulled the
cup halves free of her breasts.  Jenny's nipples were puckered
and hard.  Tiny goose bumps circled her nipples.
     We all studied Jenny's beautiful white tits.  They never
looked better.  Even Barbara looked unabashedly.  Tommy went for
her skirt snap and zipper.  Jenny then had to make a decision. 
To go further required her cooperation.  She had to either lift
her ass up or stand.  After a moment's hesitation, Jenny stood. 
The loose skirt fell to her feet.  Tommy seemed taken aback by
this sudden display of flesh.  He paused.  Brad shouted, "Drop
her fucking panties, Tommy!  What are you waiting for?"
     Tommy hooked her panty waist band, then looked up for her
okay.  Jenny said nothing.  Tommy took her silence as an okay and
drew the panties down her legs, pausing briefly when her blond
bush came into view.  Brad leaned forward, resting his elbows on
the table as Tommy dragged the panties to her feet.  Jenny
assisted by stepping free of her skirt and panties.  Tommy
remained to remove her shoes.  When he stood, Jenny sat back
down.  Brad said, "Make her stand back up, Uncle Brent."
     "If you want a better look, go look.  Who's stopping you?"
     Brad needed no further encouragement.  He walked right over
and knelt by her chair.  He grasped her knees and firmly twisted
her in her seat to face him.  He then pried her knees out wide,
eliciting a groan from Jenny as he peered between her legs. 
Barbara cried out, "Brad!"
     Brad just said, "What's the matter Barb, jealous?"  He
turned his attention back to Jenny's pussy, imbued with the
indirect power he derived from Brent.  Testing the limits, he
rudely jammed his middle finger in her hole, making Jenny
grimace.  He wormed it around, sinking deeply and said, "What's
the matter, Mom?  Are you bashful?"  He continued to physically
and verbally abuse her, squeezing her tits, pinching her nipples,
and fingering her pussy and asshole.
     Brent laughed at Jenny's humiliation.  After allowing Brad
ample time to study his mother's intimate anatomy, Brent stood
and offered Jenny his hand.  She gave hers and stood.  He led her
off to the bedroom.  For over an hour the sounds of their
passionate lovemaking filled the house.  I could not leave my
seat.  My cock was rock hard.  Brad and Tommy were at the bedroom
door with their ears pressed to it.  Barbara looked at me and
said, "Daddy, how can you let him treat Mom that way?"
     I said, "Honey, we have no choice."
     Barbara got up, stormed past her brothers, went to her room,
and slammed her door shut.  Since her room abuts ours, I doubt
that she escaped the lewd noise.  I could not help but wonder
what she did in her room.  When she returned thirty minutes
later, she had a look about her that I'd never seen before.  It
was the look of arousal.  She returned during one of their
intermissions.  I was still at the table.  The boys were still
sitting on the floor at the bedroom door.  Barbara joined me. 
She looked like Jenny after a good climax, flushed and slightly
sweaty.  Her anxiety was gone.  As the sounds resumed, and Jenny
became quite vocal, shouting "Fuck me, Brent!" Barbara said, "I
guess Mom is a whore after all, isn't she?"
     I said, "It certainly appears that way."
     "You don't seem too upset."
     "I've suspected as much."
     "Do you still love her?"
     "Yes!  I'll always love her, Barbara."
     Barbara glanced down the hall at the bedroom door as Jenny's
cries grew louder.  She said, "I do too.  I sure hope Brad
doesn't start treating her like a whore, though.  I couldn't
believe he did that, or that Mom let him."
     "He already is treating her like a whore."
     "Yeah, I guess.  I think that Brent guy gets off on it,
don't you?"
     "Yes, I think so."
     "Dad, do you think he might try something with me?"
     "Who, Brad or Brent?"
     "Brent!  Brad better not ever touch me."
     "But Brent can?"
     "Well, we can't stop him, can we?"
     "No, I suppose not."
     "Well, do you think he will...you know?"
     "I wouldn't put it past him."
     "Do you think I might be next?"
     "I doubt it, not right away, anyway.  Even Brent needs to
rest-up."
     "I'm a virgin, you know."
     "I figured you were."
     "What should I do...you know...if he tries it?"
     "Try to relax."
     "You mean, let him do it?"
     "I don't think you could stop him, do you?"
     "What about you and Mom?"
     "I'm afraid we can't help you, Barbara.  I'm sorry."
     "That's okay.  I understand."  She sat pensively for a few
minutes, then said, "I sure hope he doesn't strip me in front of
Brad and Tommy like he did Mom."
     "What about me?"
     "Well, you either, but them mostly.  Do you think he will?"
     "I think there's a good chance he will, yes."
     "Wow!  That will be the hardest part, I think.  It's kind of
scary, you know, doing it.  Mom sure seems to like it, though." 
She blushed, then said, "I'm sorry.  That sounded bad, didn't
it?"
     "It sounded honest."
     She smiled bashfully then said, "In a way, if he's going to
do it, I hope he'll hurry up and get it over with.  That sounds
bad, doesn't it?"
     "No, I can understand how you must feel.  The wait is the
worst part.  Frankly, I'm glad you're taking this so well.  It's
a sign of maturity."
     "Really!  It just makes sense.  I mean, if he's eventually
going to do it anyway, why put it off?"
     "Exactly."
     "You know, I could make myself look less like a little kid. 
I can look grown up if I try.  If I didn't look like a little
kid, do you think he might make his move a little faster...you
know, to get it over with?"
     "I would think so."
     "I thought about putting on a sexier dress, you know that
red knit one Mom hates to see me in."
     "I know the one, and I don't think she'd hate to see you in
it now."
     "Why not?"
     "I think it would relieve her mind.  She knows what's in
store for you.  If she saw you in that dress, she'd know you were
resigned to your fate."
     "Do you want me to put it on?  I will."
     "It's up to you, dear.  If you do, don't wear bra or
panties.  If you're going to send a message, you may as well send
a good one."
     "Wow!  This is so weird.  Okay, I'll do it."  
     With that, Barbara got up and dashed to her room.  She
breezed past Brad and Tommy.  I heard her say, "Perverts" in
passing.  She emerged five minutes later.  She looked stunning. 
She returned with a sexy sway to her youthful hips, turned in
place, and sat.  I said, "Hey, you look dynamite."
     "God, I feel so nasty without underwear.  Do you think he'll
like it?"
     "Yes, I'm quite certain he will.  Are you sure you're
ready?"
     "As ready as I'll ever be.  You can really tell that I'm not
wearing a bra, can't you?"
     "Yes, and if you aren't careful how you sit, you can tell
you have no panties on either."
     Barbara sat with her knees facing me and looked down.  Her
hemline cut her thighs just inches shy of her crotch.  Her legs
parted a few inches as she glanced down.  I was treated to a peek
at her lightly-downed labia lips.  She held the pose and said,
"Yeah, I guess you're right.  If I sit like this, can you see
anything from where you're sitting?"
     "Yes, as a matter of fact, I can see plenty."
     "Does it look sexy, or just slate?"
     "To tell you the truth, a little of both."
     She smiled, and said, "You know what's weird.  I know you
can see my vagina, but it doesn't bother me like I always thought
it would."
     I smiled and patted her knee.  I said, "I think you're
getting yourself aroused, young lady."
     "Is that bad?"
     "No, not if you plan on getting laid.  It will go easier if
you're turned on."
     "Well it ought to go real easy then, because I am definitely
turned on.  God!  Why is it taking them so long?"
     "Relax, sweetheart.  Your turn will come soon enough."
     "God!  Now I even sound like a slut, don't I?"
     "Be honest.  You can't wait, can you?"
     She smiled wryly and said, "No, I can't.  I'm horny.  You
knew all along, didn't you?"
     "I suspected."
     "Shit!  He's going to see right through me, so will Mom."
     "I think so, but why hide it?"
     "It's not so much them I'm worried about; it's those two." 
She indicated by a flip of her head the two boys down the hall
behind her, still at the door.
     I said, "Who cares what they think, Barbara?"
     "I'll never live this down, Daddy.  You don't know Brad like
I do.  You should have seen the look he gave me when I went past
him in this dress.  They looked up my skirt."
     "I saw.  He liked what he saw, so did Tommy."
     "Yeah, well, they're not getting any  if I can help it."
     "You may not be able to help it."
     "You mean Brent might want me to..oh no...no way...not Brad
and Tommy."
     "He might."
     "Oh, shit!  Is he like a pervert or something?"
     "What do you think?"
     "I think he is."
     "Are you still turned on?"
     "Can't you tell.  You keep checking."
     "Maybe perversion runs in the family.  I'm turned on just
thinking about it."
     Barbara looked at the obvious bulge in my pants and smiled. 
Her hand went to the front of her skirt's hem.  She drew it up
past her mound, widened her knees, and ran her index finger
through her wet slit.  She pouted, "Silly me.  I thought it was
looking at my vagina that did that to you."
     I boldly leaned forward and cupped her sex, saying, "It
certainly helped."  
     She smiled and widened her thighs, lifting her pelvis into
my palm.  I entered her tiny hole with my middle finger and felt
her stretched hymen just as Jenny reached a loud climax in the
bedroom.  I said, "Try not to be too bashful.  I'm looking
forward to seeing you in your birthday suit.  You are a lovely
young lady, Barbara."  I slipped another finger inside, saying,
"It wouldn't have to stretch this a little."
     "You better stretch it a lot more.  Uncle Brent looks really
big."  I forced another finger inside while Barbara grit her
teeth and grunted.  Her pussy felt marvelous.  Oddly, it wasn't
my cock I imagined plowing it's depths; it was Brent's.  I'd
never thought of Barbara in my fantasies, but I did then.  I also
imagined her nine months pregnant with Brent's bastard child and
my cock gave a lurch.  Barbara was adjusting to my three fingers. 
She was exceedingly wet and receptive.  I knew Brent was in for a
rare treat.
     Just then, the bedroom door opened.  We drew apart.  Barbara
quickly adjusted her skirt.  I sat back.  Brad and Tommy scooted
free of the doorway.  Jenny emerged first, still nude, followed
by Brent, also nude.  He held her by the scruff of her neck in
his powerful left hand, guiding her toward us as the boys ran
ahead to view the spectacle from the front.  Brent's semi-rigid,
wet cock dangled and swayed between his hairy muscled thighs with
each step.  As he neared us, my eyes could not resist staring at
it.  It was a magnificent piece of work, eight inches long and
thicker soft than mine was fully erect.  The skin looked silky
smooth and he had a nicely formed little helmet.  His balls were
enormous.  I could not blame Jenny for falling under his spell.
     Jenny looked like a fresh-fucked whore.  Her hair was
sticking to her face.  Her body glistened with sweat.  Semen
poured from her raw gaping cunt and cascaded down her inner
thighs.  The boys gawked at the mess Brent made of her pussy. 
Brad, especially, enjoyed the sight, bending to peer between her
legs as they stopped before me.  He said, "Wow, Uncle Brent
really fucked the shit out of Mom!"
     Jenny was beyond embarrassment.  In fact, she seemed to take
delight in her lewd exhibition.  Brent had come to a halt beside
Barbara's chair, draping a heavy arm around her neck.  The weight
pulled her head towards his crotch.  Barbara stiffened at first,
but slowly relaxed.  Her head went closer.  Brent put his hand on
her head and guided it to his crotch.  Her left cheek came to
rest on his pubic mat.  Her nose hooked over the base of his
cock.  Brent presented me with a bizarre spectacle and said, "You
stole my cunt twenty years ago, Shrimp.  I'm willing to let that
slide.  Jenny probably never told you that she gave me her twat. 
I claim it and everything connected to it, including everything
that has emerged from it.  That means your kids belong to me. 
>From now on, they will call me Daddy, and they can call you
Arnold, Shrimp, or whatever pleases them.  Furthermore, you get
no more free pussy from Jenny.  She'll cost you one-hundred bucks
for a short time.  Take it or leave it."
     I nodded meekly.  Brad laughed and said, "Hey, Barb, how
does it smell down there.  That's Mom's nasty pussy juice you're
smelling."
     Brent told Jenny to sit on the table and lie back.  She
pleaded but complied.  He made her draw her legs open and back,
then stepped over and motioned Brad in.  Brad got between her
legs and followed Brent's finger.  Brent urged him to look closer
and closer.  When Brad's head was less than six inches from her
gaping cunt, Brent shoved his head in tight to her cunt, sealing
his face against her pussy.  Jenny cried out.  Brad struggled
uselessly.  Brent taunted, "You show respect for your mother,
even if she is a whore, understand, boy?"
     With that, he let go.  Brad fell back on his ass, rising on
straight arms, his face smeared with semen and fuck juices.  He
stared back at Brent in complete shock.  Brent told me to kneel
between her legs.  I got up and knelt.  I knew what was coming. 
He said, "Clean this bitch's twat and legs, Shrimp."  I started
with the runs that were lowest on her calves and lapped up their
combined juices until I got to her pussy.  Jenny got to an
upright posture to watch me eat her pussy.  Since oral sex was
something we'd never done, it was quite a thrill for her.  I did
my best to make it more thrilling.  
     Behind me, I could hear Brent instructing Barbara in giving
him head.  Jenny kept glancing past me to the sight, growing more
excited with every lap of my tongue.  The boys feasted their eyes
on the duel spectacle, going from one couple to the other, poking
their heads in for good views.  I brought Jenny to a climax, gave
her a few good licks for good measure, then turned to watch
Barbara.  She was on her knees with her mouth stuffed with
Brent's erect cock.  It looked to be eleven inches long and as
thick as a child's forearm.  She pumped the shaft with one hand
and cupped his balls with the other.  Brad was beside her,
grinning with his face near hers.  He looked up to Brent and
said, "Daddy, are you going to shoot off in her mouth and make
her swallow it?"
     Brent pushed Barbara's head off with a sucking pop.  Barbara
looked surprised.  He lifted her to her feet and pushed her into
Brad's arms, saying, "Why don't you and Tommy take her into my
bedroom and tie her up for fucking.  Be creative."  He turned to
Jenny and said, "You go with them and supervise.  I need to have
a little talk with hubby."
     Jenny got down and followed them.  Barbara kept glancing
back to me as Brad dragged her along.  When they were out of
sight, Brent pulled up the chair Barbara had vacated.  I took my
seat.  He smiled, and said, "Look, Arnold.  I know you're getting
off on this.  Jenny told me of your little kink.  Let's not
bullshit each other, okay?"  I nodded.  
     "I won't be here long, three months, six months, tops.  I've
volunteered for a special program sponsored by the UN.  It
involves disarming land mines in third world countries.  Those
nasty fuckers are everywhere by the tens of thousands.  Little
kids are getting killed and maimed every day.  I can't take
retirement.  I've got no family, nothing much to live for.  I
won't survive long doing that kind of work.  It's a numbers game. 
It's not if you fuck up, but when.  I might last a year, maybe
two, but one day...BOOM, no more Brent.  Don't give me those
phony sad eyes.  I'm not looking for sympathy.  If it matters to
you, I'll tell you what I want here."
     We were interrupted by Brad.  He ran into the dining room
and retrieved his mother's panties from the floor where Tommy
took them off.  On the way back, he said, "She needs a gag."
     Brent and I exchanged smiles.  I said, "I don't understand,
Brent.  Why would you do this?"
     "It's personal.  Let's just say I have a lot to atone for. 
The point is, I want my last days here to be my best.  I want to
experience everything sexual I've ever dreamed of, with the girl
I've always dreamed of.  I also want to leave a kid or two
behind.  She told you of my plans to knock her up.  I plan to
knock Barbara up, too.  Furthermore, I want those kids carried
full term.  If you or anyone else interferes, there will be hell
to pay."
     "Jenny is resigned to bear your kids, Brent.  She even wants
Barbara involved.  I won't interfere."
     "Good, I didn't think you would.  I'm going to leave you to
raise my kids, Arnold.  I have two-hundred thousand dollars in
life insurance.  I'm making Jenny the beneficiary.  The UN will
add another hundred grand.  I want my kids to know that I'm their
father.  I want them christened, Hightower."
     "We'll do that, Brent."
     "You're a good man, Arnold.  You realize of course, that I'm
going to use the shit out of your family for a while."
     "You made that quite plain."
     "I've just begun.  You might get off on it; you might not. 
It might get old.  Don't be a hero, okay?  Grin and bear it."
     "I'll be okay.  You haven't heard a complaint yet."
     "No, but you haven't seen your little girl squirming on the
end of my dick, either.  I have plans for that kid.  You might
not like them."
     "Don't be too sure."
     "You interested in fucking her?"
     "The thought has crossed my mind."
     "Are you willing to pay two-hundred bucks a pop.  I need
some mad money."
     "That sounds reasonable to me.  Just to keep peace in the
family, how about upping the price of Jenny to match it.  We can
afford it."
     Brent smiled, patted my shoulder, and said, "I always liked
you, Shrimp.  Okay, it's two bills.  Look, Jenny don't know about
the UN deal.  She thinks I'm here to stay.  She thinks she and
Barbara are going to be pumping out kids for years.  Let's leave
her to think that, okay?  She's getting off on the idea."
     "Yes, I could tell."
     "Well, they should have little Barbara all set.  Want to
watch?"
     "I wouldn't miss it for the world."
     "Just for appearances, what say I have them strip you and
tie you to a chair?"
     "Sounds kinky.  I think they'd like that."
     "All right, from now on, I'm treating you like dog meat.  As
far as I'm concerned, we never had this conversation."
     "I understand.  Oh, and Brent, I really got off on cleaning
up after you."
     "Yeah, it looked that way.  You could act a little less
enthusiastic...you know, just for show."
     "Yeah, right.  Sorry.  I'll try."
     "You ever suck a guy off, Shrimp?"
     "No, never."
     "You will.  Come on, maybe after I'm through pounding
Barbara's cunt, I'll set her on your pecker.  See if you can't
work up a good hardon while you're watching."
     "That will be no problem.  She's hot for you, or couldn't
you tell."
     "I noticed.  She's just like her mother."
     Brent shoved me through the door.  I regained my balance and
saw what they'd done to Barbara.  She was naked, tied spread
eagle to our bed.  They'd placed two pillows under her ass.  Brad
and Jenny were each tying a length of pantyhose to each of
Barbara's knees, drawing her knees out fully and tying the ends
to the bed frame.  Jenny's panties had been stuffed in her mouth
and secured with nylon hose.  Barbara struggled and strained at
her bonds, raising her sweating head to look about with eyes
bugged out.  She was obviously having second thoughts about
losing her virginity.  Brent propelled me to the foot of the bed. 
We gazed on her wide open spread.  Brent taunted, "Get a good
look at your virgin daughter, Shrimp.  She won't be a virgin much
longer.  Jenny, Brad, strip him and tie him to a chair.  I don't
want him getting heroic once I get started."
     Brad ran for the chair.  Jenny came over and started
unbuttoning my shirt.  While working, she whispered, "I'm sorry,
Arnold.  You know I have to do this.  I had a talk with Jenny. 
She understands the situation.  She's just nervous right now." 
She drew off my shirt and pulled my undershirt over my head. 
Brad returned with the chair and set it beside the bed by
Barbara's hips.  Jenny removed my shoes, then dropped my pants
and shorts.  I stepped free, naked.  Brad led me to the chair and
tied my hands behind the chair back.  He also tied my ankles to
the front legs.  My dick started to stand as soon as Brent knelt
on the end of the bed.
     The boys got on each side and watched Brent advance on his
knees, fisting his growing erection.  Brent called Jenny over and
told her to guide his cock into Barbara's cunt.  Jenny knelt
beside Barbara's left hip, took hold of Brent's cock, and aimed
the head at Barbara's open cunt.  She ran the crown up through
our daughter's wet lips, then centered the head at her opening. 
Brent gave a shove, Barbara groaned.  He shoved harder, she
groaned louder.  The head passed her inner ring of muscle tissue. 
He paused to let her adjust.  Jenny jacked his shaft and smoothed
her other hand over Barbara's lower abdomen, offering soothing
words.  Barbara breathed in short shallow breathes, looking down
at her vulnerable spread, beads of sweat dotting her wrinkled
brow.  My cock ached.
     Brent lunged.  Barbara squealed into her gag.  He broke her
hymen and was in by half.  He paused.  Jenny stroked the
stretched lips surrounding Brent's cock.  Brent took two more
inches and started a slow easy in and out sawing motion.  Barbara
lathered quickly.  Pink wetness appeared on his shaft.  He took
deeper and longer strokes.  Barbara's head flailed the mattress
as Brent continued to gain deeper penetration.  Brent remained on
his knees to give everyone an unhindered view of his cock
entering Barbara's stretched pussy.  Her pussy seemed to be
chewing on his meat, reluctant to let it withdraw.  Her lips
clung tenaciously to his shiny shaft on the outstroke, and
puckered inward on the instroke.  Brent had managed to insert all
but the last inch.  He exclaimed, "Fuck! This is one tight pussy. 
Hang in there, kid.  Just one more inch to go."
     Barbara shook her head wildly.  Brent ignored her and
pressed in, grasping her hips for leverage.  Amazingly, his cock
went in further.  Two more attempts seated him fully.  He stopped
to rest with their pubic hairs mashed together.
     Throughout the fucking, Tommy kept looking at my dick.  He
seemed as fascinated by it as Jenny and Brad were with the
fucking.  When Brent took a break, Tommy eased off the bed and
sat on the floor between my knees, looking at my cock weeping
pre-cum.  He reached out and touched it.  My cock jerked.  He
touched it again.  When I made no comment, he wrapped his fingers
around the base and squeezed.  Jenny looked over from behind him
and made a puzzled face.  She tapped Brent to alert him.  They
watched Tommy bring both hands to play on my pulsing meat.  He
was soon jacking me off and moving his face in closer.  From the
other side of the bed we heard Brad say, "Go ahead, Tommy, suck
Dad off.  He likes sucking my cock.  He's been doing it since he
was eight.  Do him, Tommy; you know you want to."
     Tommy needed no further encouragement.  He got up over my
cock and engulfed the head, sucking hard and jacking fast.  It
was all I needed.  My cock exploded in his mouth.  Tommy sucked
and swallowed like a pro, milking my cock of every last drop.  I
was awed, so were they.  He didn't want to stop; he was trying
for another.  Jenny just shook her head with a smile.  She
returned her attentions to their genitals.  She dipped her head
and planted kisses near the juncture.  Brent drew out all but the
head to allow her further access.  Jenny used this freedom to get
her tongue down along where his shaft entered her pussy.  She
laved the area of Barbara's pussy and managed to suck on our
daughter's clit.  
     Barbara had recovered significantly.  Her head was up.  She
watched her mother licking her stuffed cunt.  I could see the
passion in her eyes.  Gone was any sign of anxiety.  The licking
obviously set well with her.  She let out a pleasant moan every
time Jenny fastened on her clit.  While this was going on, Brad
played with and sucked Barbara's 'B'-cup tits.  Brent gradually
returned to a slow, steady, deep fucking of her cunt.  Barbara
responded to the fucking this time.  She had little freedom of
movement, but I could see her straining to meet his strokes.  The
pace picked up.  Jenny got a lick in here and there.  
     Brad had gotten off the bed and stripped.  He returned to
kneel at Barbara's head, jacking off, aimed at her face.  Barbara
watched with interest and hunger.  She wanted at that six-inch
rod.  Her muffled noise got Jenny's attention.  When Jenny saw
what Brad was doing, she immediately abandoned Barbara's crotch. 
She went up to Barbara's head on hands and knees.  Her ass faced
me.  I had a great view of Jenny's dripping, inflamed sex.  She
took Brad's cock fully into her mouth, surprising him.  She
sucked hard on the boy's cock, right over Barbara's face.  Tommy
stopped sucking me to peer between his mother's legs.  Inspired,
he reached over and entered her with a finger.  Jenny wiggled her
rear.  He pursed all fingers at her opening and shoved.  His hand
went inside her well-oiled pussy.  Jenny stiffened and groaned
around Brad's cock as Tommy began fist fucking her.  I just sat
there, totally mesmerized by the transformation that had taken
place in my family members.  It was as if a sex fairy waved a
magic wand and turned everyone into sex-starved maniacs.
     Barbara was the first to climax, followed by Brad, then
Jenny.  Brent paced himself, waiting until he had everyone's
attention.  In a dramatic finale, with the others gathered at
Barbara's loins, he gripped her hips and pounded her cunt. 
Barbara climaxed again as her cunt filled with sperm.  Brent's
pumping made squishy, sucky noises as he continued thrusting. 
Sperm and cunt juice whipped into a milky froth.  He shuddered
and groaned out the last squirts then slowly eased out.  Jenny
dived into the vacated space, gluing her face to Barbara's
gaping, drooling gash.  She climbed over Barbara, positioning her
knees on the outside of Barbara's head.  She stopped long enough
to tell Brad to remove Barbara's gag.  He removed the gag and
Barbara lifted her face into her mother's cunt.  The two went at
each other like practiced lesbians while we guys watched.  Tommy
remarked, "Boy, they sure like each other's pussies, don't they?"
     Brad said, "Man, this is great!  I never thought I'd get to
see this."
     We watched the two bring each other to several orgasms. 
While they were engaged, Brent said, "All right you guys.  I have
some rules to lay down.  Nobody but me cums in their cunts,
understand?"  Since he addressed me also, I nodded along.  "In
fact, I don't want either of you boys even sticking your dicks in
a pussy.  Shrimp, you can fuck pussy, but only with a condom, and
only after paying cash.  By the way, I'm raising the price of
pussy to two hundred bucks.  Both are them are too prime to go
for one bill."  Jenny looked over and smiled with a wet face.  I
returned a mock look of anger and frustration.  This only made
her smile broaden.  She returned to sucking pussy.
     Brent went on, addressing the boys, "If you guys want off,
use their mouths or assholes.  You can have those anytime you
want.  Don't worry; they can't say no.  If either one gives you
any shit, just let me know."
     This bit of news spurned the girls on to greater excitement. 
They attacked each other's cunts and both climaxed together. 
After calming down, Jenny rolled free.  Brent ordered Barbara
released.  He picked her up and held her aloft, right over my
lap.  Jenny held my stiff cock up as Brent lowered Barbara.  She
faced me with her legs out wide and sank right over my seven-inch
dick.  It was exquisite.  Brent released her.  They all gathered
around.  Barbara sat still for a moment, looking into my face
with a self-satisfied smile.  Brent ordered her not to move
unless I agreed to pay up.  Barbara began at once to plead with
me to buy her.  She said, "Oh, please give him the money, Arnold. 
Your cock is just right.  I love it!  Please fuck me!"
     I held out for show, making her plead all the harder.  Jenny
soon joined in.  She actually went for my wallet and took out two
one-hundred dollar bills, saying, "Say the word, Arnold."
     I held out for several minutes, then nodded.  Jenny handed
Brent the bills and Brent handed Barbara a condom, saying, "Put
this on him, then give him a ten minute ride.  If he can't get
off in ten minutes, tough shit!"  Barbara wasted no time.  She
had me covered and mounted in seconds.  I came after only three
minutes, but she remained for the full ten, riding my shrinking
dick.
     The next three months were the greatest and most bizarre in
our lives.  The sleeping situation worked out, since Jenny and
Brent always took at least one kid to bed with them and I slept
in the empty bed.  Sex was a constant amusement at our home, with
everyone fucking everyone else.  I spent five thousand dollars on
pussy in the first month.  Both Jenny and Barbara got pregnant
that first month also.  As soon as we knew for sure, their
pussies were made available to us.  Brad loved fucking his mother
and gave her little respite.  If he had had to pay, he would have
easily spent fifty-thousand dollars on Jenny alone.  Luckily,
both were free to the boys.  Tommy rarely availed himself of
pussy, preferring cock, mine or Brent's.  He even took it up the
ass like a pro.  Brent was with us for three months, then shipped
out without warning.  My family was depressed by his departure. 
I explained the situation.
     In the spring of '93 we were blessed with two new family
members--Brent Hightower Jr. and Christa Hightower.  Jenny gave
birth to the boy, Barbara had the girl.  In April of '94, we got
a check for three-hundred thousand dollars.  I placed the money
in a trust fund for Brent's children.  A picture of a younger
Brent in his Green Beret uniform, receiving the Congressional
Medal of Honor from President Nixon, hangs over our mantle like a
shrine.  A large binder contains hundreds of news clippings about
the work he did with the UN.  He got what he wanted.   
     
     
              THE END
