				 Reunited

				 by Seeker



     As I come out of  the  gate in the airport I see you up ahead, leaning
     against  a wall. My eyes roam  over your body. You are  looking off to
     the  side and haven't seen  me yet. My gaze  moves down over the loose
     fitting white blouse you are  wearing. I can see the  outline  of  the
     white bra underneath. I look down along the curve of your hip, clad in
     tight bluejeans.  You  look wonderful. You  turn, see me, and smile. I
     walk up to you, put my bag down and give you a  big hug. You ask me if
     I've had dinner, and I  describe the "adventure in a  box" the airline
     had so graciously provided me. It's going on ten o'clock, so we decide
     to go directly to a local blues club.

     When we  arrive,  we sit  down  at a table in the corner, order  a few
     beers, and get caught up on each other's lives.  The band is good, but
     not good  enough  to take my attention  off of  you.  They start  into
     "Mustang  Sally"  and  we  push  our  way  out onto the small and very
     crowded dance floor. Over the course of  the next few songs, we  dance
     closer and closer together, until your arms are around  my neck and my
     hand  are roaming over your back and down  to trace  the shape of your
     ass. I take your hand and lead you back to the table.

     We sit silently for a  while, you leaning back with  your head resting
     on my chest. I'm reminded  of  the day we met on a train  to Brussels.
     How we'd  booked  into a pension because all of the hostels were full.
     How the room had  contained only one small bed. We'd spent the evening
     in small pubs trying  all kinds of Belgian  beer,  and had wound up in
     the corner of one, much as we are now, listening  to a few locals play
     blues tunes. We'd started walking back  to  our  pension in the  rain,
     stopping regularly to explore each other's bodies in alcoves along the
     way. I remember being wet and  lost, pressed up against the cold stone
     of a building with your hand stroking my cock through my shorts and my
     lips  caressing the nipple you'd  freed  from  it's  confinement. We'd
     somehow managed to find our pension, and  the bed that had seemed  too
     small for two  newly  acquainted  travellers turned out to be just the
     right size.

     You see  the distant  look  in  my eyes and ask  me what I'm  thinking
     about. I tell you, and you  bring your lips up into contact with mine.
     I touch your  cheek  gently  and  suggest  we  leave. We drive to your
     apartment listening to some tune I don't recognize. You concentrate on
     the road ahead while I tap out the rhythm of the music on your thigh.

     When  we arrive,  you  open the door and  we step inside. I catch your
     hand as it reaches for the light switch and take it in mine. You stand
     before  me, softly illuminated  by the moonlight coming in through the
     window. I press you against the wall  and  we  kiss,  first gently and
     then with  increasing passion. My lips feel the hardness of your teeth
     and then the soft wetness of your  tongue as it begins to  probe.  Our
     hands are moving freely now, mine tracing your spine from your neck to
     the small of  your back, yours  grasping my  ass and pulling me toward
     you. I break off the kiss slowly, brush my lips across your cheek, and
     take  your  earlobe  into  my mouth. I  trace around the  edge of your
     earring,  and bite gently.  I feel the  hotness of  your  breath on my
     neck, quick  and uneven.  My mouth moves down and I kiss the hollow of
     your neck. Your skin is warm and smooth against my lips and tongue.

     I grasp your  hips and trade places with you so that my back is now to
     the wall.  I slowly turn  you so that you are facing away from me  and
     pull you back against me, my hardness pressing against you through our
     jeans. I lean forward and speak softly into your ear.

     "Do you want me to touch you?"

     You nod, but I'm not satisfied with your response. "Tell me."

     "Touch  me," you reply,  and I begin caressing your hips and  stomach.
     My  hands  move slowly  up your  front until they rest just  below the
     swell  of your chest. Again, I wisper in your ear. "Do you want me  to
     touch your breasts?"

     "Yes." Your reply comes more urgently this time.

     I pause for a while and then speak. "Yes what?"

     "Yes, touch my breasts," comes your reply. Slowly my hands move upward
     to cup your breasts and  you press your body backward against mine. My
     fingers circle your nipples and I feel them becoming erect through the
     fabric of  your  blouse and bra.  You  are breathing more quickly now.
     Your hands  reach  back to grasp my hips, but I reach down and  remove
     them. Slowly, I pull your blouse out from where it is tucked into your
     jeans. Once it's free, I bring my  hands  back  up  underneath to feel
     your breasts through  just your  bra. Again,  your  hands move back to
     hold me, and again I remove them. You look  back at  me, confused, but
     relax as I  place my hands  on your hips and move them down and inward
     ever so slightly. Your reaction comes immediately.

     "Yes!"

     "Yes what?"

     "Touch me there!"

     "Where?" I'm determined to be difficult.

     You grab my hands, trying to place them where you want them to be, but
     I wont let you. Your frustration excites me, and I repeat my request.

     "Touch you where?"

     "Touch my...my pussy."

     Hearing your request excites me even more, and I am more than happy to
     oblige. I trace along the outside of your  legs down to your knees and
     then turn inward  and begin slowly moving my hands  up  the inside  of
     your thighs. I  feel your body stiffen against  me as my hands proceed
     upward. When I reach the top of  your  thighs, I pause, and then begin
     moving my hands down again.

     "No! Don't tease me!"

     I ignore  your complaint, and  keep moving down. Suddenly, I slide one
     hand  up  between  your  legs and  pull you back against me. Your back
     arches and your head pushes back against  my shoulder as I caress your
     pussy through your jeans.  Even with the barrier, your clit is getting
     enough  stimulation  that you  begin to gyrate  your pelvis against my
     hand. And then I stop.

     "Don't..." you begin, but  stop as I again move you around so that you
     are against  the wall and facing  me.  I kiss you hard  as  I reach up
     under your blouse and move my hands over your bare back. I trace along
     the back of  your bra, and then undo the clasp.  It is  strapless, and
     drops  away. I take  my hands out from under your blouse and cup  your
     breasts from the outside. The feeling is wonderful -- I can feel every
     detail clearly through the thin, silky material.  You moan softly as I
     run a nipple between my  fingers. I move my head  down  and replace my
     fingers  with  my  lips,  biting  down  gently.  Your moans  are  more
     pronounced now. I silence them with a deep kiss. I kiss down your neck
     until I'm stopped by the first button  on your blouse.  I unbutton it,
     and continue. After conquering another button, I pull  the material to
     the side to expose a breast. I kiss it, my lips touching flesh for the
     first time without obstruction. I suck in the nipple, circling it with
     my tongue, and then let it  go.  Ignoring your  protests, I  return to
     the  buttons. Two more undone and your belly  button stares  me in the
     eye. I kiss it gently and proceed.

     When no  buttons remain, I  stand  and observe my handiwork, my  hands
     resting on  bare flesh just above your hips. You look  beautiful  with
     your blouse hanging slightly open and half of each breast visible. You
     smile and reach for the first button  on my  shirt,  but  I  turn your
     hands away. I ignore your  questioning look,  and begin  to undo  your
     belt. I pull it loose and let it fall to the floor next to your bra. I
     kneel  down before  you and kiss  your bare  stomach. Again I begin to
     stroke your  inner thighs.  The crotch of your jeans is slightly moist
     and  my cock  stiffens as  I smell your scent. I undo  the button  and
     slowly lower the zipper. Your scent is much stronger now, and as I get
     the  zipper  all the way down, I  see that your white panties are very
     wet. I  lower your jeans down over your hips and down your  legs.  You
     step out of the unwanted clothing and stand before me dressed only  in
     your open blouse and panties.

     Again you reach  to begin to unbutton  my shirt,  but I  stop you once
     more, shaking my head. I  nestle my  head between your  legs and  kiss
     your  thigh. I look at your  pussy through the window of your panties,
     made translucent by your wetness.  Your lips and the  surrounding hair
     are  clearly outlined.  I kiss you  through the  fabric, tasting  your
     sweetness. Your grasp my head to pull  me  to you, but  I  gently move
     your  hands away.  I remove your panties, placing them on  the growing
     pile of  clothing  on  the floor, and stand. I  lower your blouse over
     your shoulders, take it off, and then step a few paces back. You stand
     completely naked  before me. I remain  fully clothed. I gaze over your
     body, taking it all in, and speak.

     "How does it feel stand naked in front of me? Exposed? Vulnerable?"

     My question seems to  make  you  suddenly uncomfortable. You  nod, and
     being to move your hands as  if to cover  yourself. I intercept  them,
     and take you in my arms, your naked body pressing against my clothing.
     I kiss you softly, and take your hand, leading you into the bedroom.

     You lie back on  the bed and I sit  at your feet  facing you.  I grasp
     your ankles and  pull you toward me, spreading your legs. As your legs
     move apart, your pussy lips separate and I  gaze into your depths. You
     fondle your breasts as you wait, anticipating what I will do next.

     "I want to watch you come."

     You look seem unsure of  what I mean, so I take your hand and place it
     gently  on your sex.  You gaze at me  with  a  look of uncertainty and
     embarrassment, but I  smile back at you and start slowly stroking your
     thigh. You begin to move your fingers around the  edge of your  pussy.
     You  are hesitant at first,  but  soon the  sensations  overcome  your
     modesty.  Your fingers find  your  clit  and begin  moving over  it in
     rhythmic circles. I look up at your face and you look directly back at
     me as  you pleasure yourself. Your gaze is piercing  and  powerful. As
     your level of  arousal  increases,  your  eyes  gradually seem to lose
     their focus until  it  seems you  are totally unaware  of my presence.
     Your breathing quickens, and  as you near your  peak, your face begins
     contorting as  if  you  are wincing in  pain. You let out  a series of
     quick whimpers, and  then you come.  Your body stiffens, and your face
     seems to freeze,  I  see your sex contract  and your eyelids  flutter.
     Then your whole  body  relaxes and your  breathing  slows.   Your eyes
     open, and you look  at me. I lean over and kiss  you, taking your face
     in my hands and brushing your sweaty  hair back from over your eyes. I
     stand, remove my clothes, and join you on the bed.
