OPEN MARRIAGE SERIES

 "REUNION OF PLEASURE"
 By Ellen

 Recently Bill and I attended his old school's
 reunion. Although Bill hadn't belonged to a fraternity,
 we were guests at a fraternity house; between his ROTC
 and engineering studies, Bill hadn't had time for social
 organizations.
 Now, between semesters, the frat house was almost
 deserted. Only a couple of students had passed me as I
 walked down the long corridor to the elevator. A single
 bulb hung from a long wire at the hallway's center. This
 night, while Bill's old ROTC unit held its dinner,
 someone had organized a separate social for the wives. I
 declined, walking instead over to the campus movie house
 to watch a film I'd already seen.

 As I was leaving, I decided I'd take a box of
 popcorn back to the room; I usually avoid junk food, but
 what the heck - I was on vacation. Only the cashier and
 a male student were in the dim lobby. I waited behind
 the young man pushing a wrinkled five dollar bill across
 the counter as he accepted a diet cola from the cashier.

 He turned, brushing against me, spilling a bit of
 his soft drink. His face reddened as he sputtered, "I'm
 never that clumsy!" He turned to the cashier who had
 a towel and was handing it to him across the counter.

 I looked up, smiling, "It's nothing. Really." I
 couldn't even see the spot on my dark gray coat or gray
 skirt. He was a few years older than most college
 students, a half foot taller than me, his crewcut as
 black as my own waist length hair. Brushing at the spot,
 I muttered, "I'm on my way home. I can take care of it
 there."

 He grinned as he held my hand, brushing the towel
 across my sleeve. "I can't believe I did that! I was
 just leaving to take the drink back with me while I
 read. Most of the residents are home for the holidays."

 I curled my fingers around his hand as he toweled my
 sleeve and responded, "I noticed. I'm staying at 'The
 Lair' around the corner." The building had been given
 its name for reasons I still don't know.

 He looked astonished. "The Lair? That's my fraternity
 house! You're with the alumni group?" He told me he was
 Working on his doctorate, now in his sixth
 year at the school.

 When I nodded affirmatively, he offered, "Mind if I
 hadn't released his gentle grip from  my hand.

 "Not at all," I told him, and turned, my hand in
 his as we walked out the door, across the moonlit
 campus. His name was Joshua but preferred his friends
 call him Josh. A couple of soccer players were kicking a
 black and white ball across a high fence. The smell of
 food and beer was drifting from a campus pub on the
 other side of the high shrubs.

 I observed him stealing glances at my profile as I
 explained that my husband was out with old friends. We
 walked along the school's lake, stopping to watch a
 waterskiier practicing a ramp jump. The moonlight
 glistened from the ripples trailing the boat.

 My parents were killed in an air crash when I was
 14, and after living with an aunt and uncle for a year
 thereafter, I'd left home, supporting myself first as a
 receptionist, then as a radio announcer, then as a
 professional model until I married at 24. So, I hadn't
 gone to college. But now, walking along this darkened
 campus path, my hand in his, I began to feel like a
 freshman college girl. I queried, my voice tremoring,
's your major?"

 We were entering the dorm as Josh was telling me
 his plans to teach at the same school when he graduates.
 He lived on the second level, one floor above the room
 where Bill and I were staying.

 As he leaned against the door to my room, I noticed
 the door's paint flaking off onto his red waist jacket.
 I started to tell him but noticed he'd also fallen
 silent.

 He was staring down into my eyes. He chewed his
 lower lip.

 Trembling, I averted my eyes downward, only to find
 that his manhood was swelling beneath the chino slacks.
 I swallowed as I gazed back to his face.

 He leaned to kiss me as I fumbled for a key. My
 arms curled around his neck as he held me. His hardness
 was pressing against my groin and thigh.

 I unlocked the door. We twirled inside, our arms
 entertwined, as he closed the door behind us.

 His hands massaged my back, moving up my sides to
 my breasts as I moaned, "I don't know how late my
 husband might be out."

 He whispered, "Would you come up to my room? My
e's back in Milwaukee."

 I gulped. Then, nodding affirmatively, I reached
 into my purse for a pen and writing pad to leave Bill a
 note that I'd met a "friend" and would return by 1:00
 a.m. Although Josh wouldn't have believed I had my
 husband's open approval, Bill would know what I meant.

 Josh punched the elevator button for the third
 floor.

 Josh poured a scotch and water for himself and
 opened a diet drink for me. His 3-room apartment, which
 he told me was the best room in the house, was a model
 of neatness. A couch, a couple of overstuffed chairs, a
 5-inch color TV on an old oak desk alongside a computer,
 a coffee maker and microwave on the kitchen counter, and
 a water bed. No frills. Nothing out of place.
 He tuned his stereo to a soft FM station. His arms
 slithered around me. We danced to the slow melody.

 I trembled as he fumbled at the buttons of my
 blouse. My skirt puddled to the floor. And there we
 stood, whispering, tremors rippling through our bodies.
 My throat pulsated; I gulped. His hard member pressed
 against my stomach and down my thigh. Exhaling, I gasped
 his warm nakedness brushed mine.

 I murmured, my voice quaking, "I enjoyed the
 dancing, Josh." My throat was choked with desire. My
 knees trembled as he led my shaking legs to his bed.
 Breathlessly, I shuddered as he stood above me,
 surveying my curves, his chest heaving. His incredible
 hardness bobbed in excitation, curving up from his thick
 patch of black hair.

 His jaw sagged, his eyes glinting, as he gazed upon
 my body shadowed in stripes by the moonlight spilling
 through the venetian blinds. He cupped the softness of
 my full breasts, his tongue flicking across the nipples
 until I was wailing with desire.

 Now, my body was beyond control. Hell's fire was
 coursing through my veins. I remembered a fleeting
 memory of my grandmother telling me when I was a young
 girl, how our family's gray-eyed ancestors were once
 believed to be witches; I knew that I could never be a
 witch - Couldn't witches control the supernatural? I
 couldn't even control my exploding passion! My full lips
 quivered as I gazed upon his perfect male member,
p like a Turkish sceptre from Josh's alabaster
 body.

 Radiating with passion, I moaned, reaching for the
 magnificent instrument bobbing before me. My fingers
 didn't meet as my hand curved around its rubbery
 thickness. My face burned madly as I gazed upon the
 incredible manhood I was squeezing. My body was now
 ablaze with desire!

 I was wide-eyed with fear and passion as I stroked
 his fearsome cock with trembling hands. My lips quivered
 and parted as he murmured, a tremor in his tight voice,
 "You're beautiful!"

 Now, white hot with passion, I closed my eyes. I
 relished Josh's gentle hands exploring the soft curves
 of my body. My nipples tingled as his lips closed around
 a hard, reddened spike. Impassioned fear churned within
 my stomach; I gasped as his hard, slippery tongue
 twisted and winded its way to my shaved mound.

 Thrusting my hips to his face, I grinded my cunt
 against his mouth, my heart pounding a wanton drumbeat
 as his tongue twirled over my clitoris. I wailed at the
 thrills rippling through me like an electric current
across a thunder-laden sky. Tears of joy
 streaked along my cheeks. Clasping my thighs around his
 ears, I dug my heels into his back as fiery explosions
 blossomed within my pussy.
 I pulled him above me until his knees were
 straddling my breasts. He braced his arms against the
 headboard above me. My lips stretched widely as I took
 his rubbery monster in my mouth. My head bobbed as my
 tongue glided along its length. Now, I was WORSHIPING
 this broad, purplish cock thrusting down my throat. His
 hips hammered his instrument into my mouth until my
 passion was unbearable; my voice muffled by his wide
 cock, I pleaded, "Mphhh! Please, Josh, I WANT you! I
 can't WAIT any longer!"

 My hips gyrated expectantly. Red coals of passion
 smoldered in my vagina. My long legs now opened, eagerly
 accepting the huge curving cock that was stroking the
 soft lips of my vagina. I whimpered with fright as he
 pushed slowly past my cuntal folds. He was splitting me
 apart! Shocks rippled through my groin as he pressed on,
 my vaginal walls expanding incredibly to accommodate his
 tool. Yet I'd rather have died than have him stop
 now.

 I cried until, finally, he was as far into my
 gushing depths as he could push. Josh groaned,
 increasing his tempo, until he was riding me with a
 fury.

 My pain disappeared, supplanted by pleasure. My
 long legs enveloped his smooth torso as my hips rose to
 meet his steaming thrusts. The water bed's mattress made
 mad waves beneath our pulsating bodies. My depths had
 never been so filled! Tears of passion streaked across
 my cheeks like rivulets of rain on the windshield of a
 speeding car. I hissed as my head rolled with the
 stunning thrills, my hair flailing the night air.

 I looked down to watch his tool plunging into me,
 my mouth opened widely as if this could expand my
 channel to accept his final inches. My face burned with
 the radiance of an impending explosion. Our minds were
 now one, our flames uniting into a blazing inferno. We
 shuddered with each thrust as we felt the orgasm that
 would surely be rushing toward us like an avalanche.

 Sobbing, I mewed, "Oh, FUCK me, Josh! FUCK me! FUCK
y will was immersed in my body's raging
 tides. My legs enveloped and stroked his hips as I
 screamed,"Oh, god help me, Josh! I LOVE you, Josh! I
 LOVE YOU!" And he too could sense the orgasmic thunder
 rolling up from the land of forbidden fires.

 And then, OH GOD, it HAPPENED! Tidal waves followed
 by an earthquake. In a blinding flash, the bedroom lit
 up beneath a billion stars exploding in supernova! The
 earth shuddered in multi-orgasms, lifting me from the
 planet. His cock balooned as the hot sperm cannoned
 through my love tunnel! My tremoring shaved mound lifted
 from the bed, grinding against his pelvis as I fucked
 against him, savoring the final exquisite moment.

 I fell asleep, awakening to a buzzing alarm of the
 digital clock glowing above a stack of books on the desk
 across the room. It was 10:30 p.m.

 Josh was sitting up, staring down at me, as he
 smiled warmly. He pushed away the sheets that were
 bunched up between us.

 I moaned as he stroked the softness of my breasts,
 his lips pressing against mine. He stroked my legs. His
e searched the folds of my vagina. My hips gyrated
 passionately as Josh's intrusive tongue explored my
 depths. My voice quaking, I muttered, "Oh god, I love
 it!" I shuddered wantonly as he raised to his knees to
 suckle my breasts. My cunt quivered upward to touch the
 purplish cock head on the broad stalk curving above me.

 He groaned, his jaw slackened, as his engorged
 weapon invaded its target. My face glowed with the
 burning radiance of desire. I pressed my heels against
 the bed to ease his long path through my flaming
 wetness. And then we were joyously reunited, his shaft
 sunk its full length. Our OWN reunion! Now, it was even
 more delicious; his manhood had re-entered lovingly
 familiar territory. I tremored as his hardness caressed
 my inner walls.

 I wrapped my long legs around the curvature of his
 back, pulling him into me. Tears pooled in my eyes as
 the ecstasy transported me to the stars.

 Shutting my eyes tightly, I pleaded, fervidly, "Oh
 FUCK me, Josh! I LOVE FUCKING YOU!" The rolling waterbed
 heightened my thrills; I was a galactic surfer riding
cosmic crest of a super-wave. Josh's awesome cock,
 pounded into me with heart-stopping thunder, our fervid
 minds and bodies united in the glow of passion. His
 swollen instrument throbbed within my shuddering pussy.
 The tears were now rolling down my cheeks as I sobbed
 joyously, swimming in an ocean of fire!

 My head thrashed from side to side, my wide eyes
 rolling. My hair flailed the air. Josh's huge, bulbous
 cock-head widened my cuntal walls with each white-hot
 entry. Although I don't swear, I was now mewing with
 evangelical fervor, "Oh God-DAMN! I love this! I LOVE
 fucking you, Josh! I LOVE you!" I wailed in mind numbing
 pleasure. My legs enwrapped him, his nudeness brushing
 my inner thighs. My hips lifted each time he withdrew
 his steaming member from my smoldering coals of
 hellfire, as if I were afraid he might leave my
 insatiable nest. An orgasmic storm was rising within me.

 Josh, too, was groaning, his cock expanding
 unbelievably with each shuddering thrust. His head
 thrashed upward, his shoulders and hips shaking, as the
 explosion continued building within us. The beast of
 once released, is completely mad! I cried, the
 passion so blinding I lost all sense of time and space.
 And THEN! We erupted in pleasurable waves, our bodies
 writhing, his warm creams flowing through me as I
 moaned, "Ohhhh GODDDD!" My cuntal muscles gripped and
 pulled on his long, softening tool, milking the last of
 his heated lava.

 We washed ashore to reality's island, glowing
 blissfully. Spent, Josh rolled off me, staring at the
 ceiling.

 We slumbered peacefully, our arms entertwined,
 until I was awakened by a rhythmic thumping from down
 the hall. Then I recognized the sounds, the shared sighs
 of another couple's sexual embrace. I smiled. I hadn't
 realized how thin these walls were.

 Josh still slept. The fullness of my lips enveloped
 his incredible length. He groaned, awakening. He pulled
 me above him, my knees on each side of his head as his
 tongue brought me to a near climax. Moaning wantonly, I
 lowered myself onto his long shaft until I was impaled,
 my cuntal walls sliding over his hardened manhood. I
reaming with pleasure. The multi-
 orgasmic thrills rippled through my quivering body.

 Josh groaned, exploding with me in a mind
 shattering climax. I sobbed passionately as his creamy
 fluids splattered through the softness of my vaginal
 walls.

 We lay in adoration of the other until Josh was
 slumbering again. I dressed, quietly closed his door,
 and rushed for the elevator to the second floor. It was
 now almost 3 p.m. Bill was in bed, awake, grinning.

 As I lay alongside Bill, he pleaded for me to tell
 him my deepest feelings while being fucked by Josh. His
 member rose higher as I told him, as graphically as I'm
 telling you here. He mounted me, plunging into me,
 riding me with a fury.

 I cannot remember falling asleep, but as the
 sunlight filtered through the room's sheers, we
 awakened, exhausted. We showered, dressed, and drove to
 a nearby restaurant.

 The well-lit cafe was bustling with an early
 morning crowd. Dishes clattered. A slender blond
 waitress in her late twenties giggled at the remarks of
 a couple of college students at the next table. She
, flippantly, and handed Bill a breakfast menu.
 She was still smiling.

 Bill grinned, "Customers giving you trouble?"

 She laughed, saying, "These college students are
 always flirting with older women."

 Bill turned to me with a smirk. We laughed with
 her.

 As we walked along the shaded walkway back to our
 car, I took a last look at the old college's massive
 brick edifice and thought maybe I should have gone on to
 college. The thought didn't last long. I had other
 things I wanted to do.

 The car engine purred toward the freeway. I closed
 my eyes, smiling as I realized how much our liberated
 marriage has brought us closer together.

 à    >6 M  P 