Archive-name: Violent/revenge.txt
Archive-author: J.D.
Archive-title: Revenge


          I  haven't  mentioned  any  of  my  sexual  experiences with men,
    because they have been few and far between.  At first, I was  disgusted
    with the egomaniacal way in which men approach sex, but the plethora of
    S. T. D. 's {sexually transmitted diseases}  have  given  me  an  added
    incentive to consider heterosexual sex risky as well as unsatisfying. I
    have only met one man in my life who will INSIST upon wearing a condom.
    Unfortunatly, he is happily married, and no matter how scantily clad  I
    am, he seems to pay no interest.  {According to his wife, he uses Rough
    Rider or Excita brands which have those wonderful nubs on them for some
    clitoral stimulation.}  I don't try frequently to seduce him because he
    and his wife have helped me on more than one occasion and I don't  want
    to let sex interfere with our friendship.
          I  have  asked  Anne  if the two of them would be interested in a
    threesome,  but  Anne has no interest in woman/woman sex and feels that
    Bruce would be shocked by the suggestion.  I enjoy  the  talks  I  have
    with Anne because it is easy to allow my sexual preference to interfere
    with  my work for women in general.  She lets me know when I am being a
    'Queen', either working for gay women to  the  disadvantage  of  hetero
    women and also when I am just being unrealistic about my goals!
          The  best  advice they have ever given was how to deal with Ocean
    and  her  boyfriend.   I  am  not  sure  whether  or not Ocean has ever
    forgiven her parents for her name, but she still hasn't  forgiven  Wes.
    Ocean  lives in an apartment over Bruce and Anne's garage and came into
    the house in tears one night last week.  She had been raped.
          After several  glasses of wine and sympathy from the three of us,
    she finally managed to describe the evenings events.
          Wes, a fisherman, had returned from six days out and after either
    losing  or  spending most of his pay had decided to visit Ocean.  Given
    the amount of alcohol {and other drugs} he had used, it is amazing that
    he managed to drive this far north without incident.  After about  half
    an hour of ranting, he tried to become intimate.
          Ocean  is one of the unfortunate sisters whose menstrual cycle is
    indeed a curse.  She frequently vomits and has cramps and aches  severe
    enough to warrant prescription pain pills.  Without a doubt, sex is the
    last activity she needs at that time of the month.  When her period was
    coupled  with  the stench of the fish and alcohol, she obviously wanted
    no part of Wes.  For some chauvinistic reason, Wes felt  it  his  right
    and duty to be gratified, so he slapped her into submission and further
    humiliated her by fucking her on the kitchen floor.
          We were obviously uncomfortable to be dealing with a situation so
    close  to  home  and Bruce broke the silence.  {Bless him, he must have
    been raised by women.}
          'I think that you should call  the  police  and  file  a  report.
    Maybe you don't want him arrested, but as the landlord, I find his past
    and  future  presence offensive.'  I rarely find fault with my friends,
    especially when they are as nice as Bruce and Anne, but he is a  strong
    personality  and  I don't think he realizes how humiliating it is for a
    woman to deal with the system at a time like that.  It is never as easy
    as calling the police and signing a complaint.
          After that rebuttal, he suggested that we hire someone named Vito
    to  break his legs {or other organs} and teach him about the proper way
    to deal with women.  I think the idea was intended to be humorous,  but
    I  could  tell  by  the  way  Anne's  and Ocean's eyes lit up that they
    decided that it was the perfect plan.
          Feeling he was unable to help further, Bruce went into the den to
    work  on some project and Anne, Ocean and I decided that  it  would  be
    more  equitable  to  extract  revenge instead of facing the lawyers and
    police.  We decided upon the plan of action and Ocean called Wes.
          He had no doubt found someone willing to pay for a round, because
    we had to leave a message on his machine.  I had a hard time swallowing
    as I listened to Ocean apologize to that animal.   She  suggested  that
    perhaps she was being selfish and that she was planning a special event
    for Wes the following night.
          Like the typical animal that he is, Wes  nearly  strutted  across
    the  driveway the next evening, expecting some wild and wonderful night
    of wine, dine and recline as he vulgarly put it.  Ocean had invited  me
    to  supper  {she  didn't  know  if she could handle this alone} and the
    three of us made small talk {very small on Wes' part}.  I  had  a  very
    hard  time concentrating on the plans while that asshole acted like the
    arrogant conqueror he envisioned himself.  Not only was  the  puke  not
    remorseful for his violence {rape IS NOT A SEX ACT, IT IS VIOLENCE!!!},
    but seemed to feel he had done well.
          As the last plates were cleared from the table, I asked Wes if he
    had ever made love to two women at once.  From the smile on his face, I
    could  tell  that  he  had  been  fantasizing  about  that scenario all
    evening.  He mumbled some macho story about his youth, but convinced no
    one.  With our best smiles, Ocean and I dropped our domestic duties and
    hurriedly stripped to bra  and  panties.   I  suggested  that  Wes  get
    undressed and lie on the bed. He might have broken records in doing  so
    and  typical  to  his gender, left his clothes on the floor.
          I produced a box from under the bed and told him that it held the
    toys for the evening.  I showed him a Polaroid camera,  a few vibrators
    that  I  explained  were  for  my  use  while watching the two  of them
    and my handcuffs. Wes' dick grew noticibly and I could tell that we had
    the prick right where we wanted him.
          It took a few minutes to convince him to trust us, but he finally
    agreed to be  handcuffed to the  bed.  Once his hands  were secured, it
    was easy for the two of us to tie down his legs.
          I  still  can't believe the neanderthal was stupid enough to fall
    for the old 'open your mouth and close your eyes'.   Ocean  took  great
    pleasure in inserting a pair of her bloody panties into his mouth.  The
    smile  faded  very quickly and I am sure that Wes would have threatened
    or otherwise tried to control the situation, had he been able to  talk.
    The  two  of  us then described the events to come, interspersed with a
    lecture about what an absolute worthless excuse for a man  he  was.   I
    took  several  pictures.   Closeups  of  the  blood  on  his  face, his
    pathetically limp dick and others.  Ocean and I had thought of  shaving
    him,  and  even  produced  a  razor  for  the psycological effects, but
    decided that it was vital that no marks be left.  I did think that  Wes
    was going to faint when I grapped his weanie while holding the razor.
          We  told  him  that since he considered himself the ultimate stud
    that he would have to bring us both to  multiple  orgasms  without  his
    dick  or  hands.   Ocean hated what he had done, and began to smear her
    blood all over his eyes, nose and in his hair.  I  began  stroking  his
    penis  to  get  it  aroused.  He seemed to feel somewhat safe and began
    moving his hips up and down to meet my hands.  I felt the blood filling
    the veins in his cock and when I felt it had become engorged as much as
    possible, I bent it sideways.  Even with the panties in his mouth, I am
    sure that Bruce and Anne could  hear  him  scream.   Had  he  not  been
    secured, I am sure that he would have risen several feet of the bed. He
    was now screaming a blue streak and the few words we heard; cunt, fuck,
    kill, etc. were not said as one who talks dirty for foreplay.
          I explained that this is the type of handjob he deserved  and  if
    he so much as moved without our direction or approval, I would turn him
    into  a  soprano.   I  emphasized  this  point  by  squeezing his balls
    tightly.  Not enough to make him black out, but  certainly  enough  for
    him to see stars.  Suddenly, he became quite passive.  I suggested that
    the  type of sex he desired was animal, male/male sex and  I  would  be
    happy  to  be  a  surrogate male.  With that statement, I strapped on a
    dildo, within inches of his widening eyes and explained how I  intended
    to  deflower his ass.  He began rolling and twisting again, but another
    squeeze of his nuts calmed him enough for Ocean and I to undo his  legs
    {one  at  a  time} and roll him over.  I fully expected him to kick and
    yell, but his pride in his organs seemed to be more  of  a  concern  to
    him.
          I have a potential for a lot of violence  in situations like this
    and  it was  only  at the pleading  of Ocean that I decided to use some
    lubricant.  I spread some between his cheeks and  he tightened  his ass
    muscles.   A  slap  on  his  ass  produced  little  pain, but the sound
    reminded him of his situation and he relaxed.  I added more jelly to my
    finger and intentionally shoved it all the way in.  Wes again came  off
    the  bed and began muttering in his muffled voice, but relaxed in a few
    moments.  I then got between his legs and tried to cause as  much  pain
    as possible as I pushed them apart.  I inserted the dildo into his hole
    and  again pushed to the hilt.  His cries were accompanied by tears and
    I felt that we had certainly hurt him, physically and mentally.
          After pumping several times, I realized that  I  had  put  myself
    into the same mental state as he had been in the prior night.  I got no
    sexual  gratification from causing him pain and making him inferior.  I
    unstrapped the dildo, but left it in his ass,  and  took  several  more
    photos.
          Ocean,  who  had been standing somewhat amazed by my actions, now
    seemed interested in taking advantage of the  situation  and  told  him
    that  she would be removing her shorts, but if Wes made any attempts at
    screaming or threatening, they would be quickly replaced by the  shitty
    dildo.   She  then  said  that  in his haste earlier, she had not had a
    chance to come and that he must now eat her until she shook.  He  began
    to  make  some  type of threat, but the speed with which she yanked the
    dildo  from his ass suggested  that he quiet down.   Ocean reminded him
    that he had already tasted her menstrual blood so this would be an easy
    task for him.  Without changing his position, Ocean removed the pillows
    from the bed and sat at the top such that his head now  rested  between
    her  legs.  She ran the dildo through his hair and reminded him that if
    he did not succeed in making her come, or if he had a desire  to  bite,
    she  would  find a new meaning of pain for him.  I'm not sure that this
    was adequate, but when she suggested replacing the dildo with a curling
    iron and seeing  how long it  would take to heat, he began  to lick the
    outside of her pussy.  Ocean is a back to nature freak and has the  one
    of the bushiest muffs I have ever seen. It was a little matted from her
    period and I'm sure was not the most pleasant sight or smell.
          Wes licked and gagged as Ocean parted her lips.  I'm not sure  if
    the  smile  was  from  the licking she was receiving or the one she was
    giving.  In any event, after five or six  minutes,  she  began  shaking
    with an orgasm and slapped the dildo across his neck and head demanding
    that he lick faster and harder.  He complied and she continued  shaking
    for several seconds.
          When she stopped moving and his tongue relaxed,  she  rubbed  her
    pussy  across  his face.  We then took several more photos and released
    his legs.  I grabbed his balls and squeezed hard as a reminder that  he
    could  easily  be  permanently disabled if we wished.  We discussed the
    rules of the game.
          Before he arrived, or so we told him, Ocean and I had  spent  the
    afternoon in each others arms.  We told him how pathetic a lover he was
    and that he was never to return to the house, call or otherwise contact
    Ocean.   We  had taken photographs of Ocean cuffed to the bed and these
    would be passed along to the police along with a rape complaint  if  he
    violated  these  rules.  In the event that this failed, we would gladly
    mail his photos to  as  many  homosexual  magazines  as  we  could  and
    possibly distribute them in his hometown.
          These  threats,  along  with the twenty-two pistol I had borrowed
    were enough to convince to grab his clothes and leave.
          I  am  not particularly proud of what Ocean and I did, but we are
    both confident that Wes won't be back.
          After he left, we decided to shower together and felt a bond that
    is difficult to explain.  It wasn't a physical desire, I have felt that
    many  times,  but  more  of an emotional bonding of two individuals who
    have shared a highly emotional experience.
          If this narrative bothers some of  the  male  readers  out  there
    GOOD!!  The most common source of rape is from a relative or friend. NO
    ONE  has  the  authority  to force themselves upon anyone.  If you find
    yourself getting to a point where you consider rape,  please  bear  two
    things  in mind.  One, rape is an act of violence used to humiliate and
    enslave another personality.  No matter how slow, tender,  etc.  it  is
    not and never will be  a sex act.  Secondly,  Ocean and I may  take our 
    routine on the road, so keep Wes in mind.
          I  occasionally  look  at the pictures of that evening, to  prove
    to  myself  that it wasn't a fantasy.  I have also shown them to Carol,
    who gets as much enjoyment from them as from my video  collection,  but
    that's another story.


                    J. D.

--
