Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




by:  Big Daddy

Revelations (PART 3 - The End)

	Daddy made reservations at a plush hotel in town for us and told me that
I could meet him there later that evening.  I hurriedly packed a few sexy
outfits that I had bought especially for him and headed over to our love
nest for the weekend.
	The room was phenomenal, a penthouse sweet on the top floor over-looking
Lake Washington.  I sat on the huge double bed and thought about my
father. I had been walking around with a dull ache in my pussy for days
now and I could hardly wait to have it filled with my father's wonderful
prick.
	As if on cue, I heard the keys rattling to the door and my father came
walking in carrying a couple suitcases for the weekend.
	"Oh daddy I've missed you so much!" I sprang from the bed and leapt up
into his arms.  Daddy laughed and hugged me as I wrapped my legs around
him and let him spin me around like a child in his arms.
	"I've missed you too sweetheart," he said as he urged me to let go. 
"I've got a present for you."
	"Really?" I asked as he reached into his suit coat pocket and pulled out
a large looking jewelry box covered in crushed velvet.
	Handing the box to me I took it and opened it up.  Inside was the most
exquisite diamond necklace I've ever seen!  It had to have cost thousands
if not hundreds of thousand.
	"OH DADDY!" I choked as I started to bawl uncontrollably.  "It's so
beautiful!"
	"Now, now," my father tried to wipe my tears away that were now streaming
down my face like a flood.  "Don't cry baby."
	"I…lu…lu…love you," I sobbed as I clutched the necklace in my fist and
wrapped my arms around him tightly.
	"I love you too sweetheart," my father hugged me back, holding me in his
big strong arms.  "That's why I want you to run away with me."
	"WHAT?" I asked in shock.  I would do anything my father wanted, no
matter what.
	"If we stay around here it will never be right," he said still holding me
in his arms.  "You're mother would eventually find out and she'd ruin my
professional career."
	"Where would we go?" I asked.
	"Doesn't matter," my father smiled.  "How about Mexico?  We could get
married there…that is, if you'll marry me."
	"OH DADDY!" I cried again as I hugged him tightly.  "Of course I will!"
	"Here, let me put this on you," my father said as he took the necklace
from my hand.  I pulled my hair up off my shoulder so he could hook it
around my neck and smiled happily at my new lover, father, and husband all
in one man.
	"It looks beautiful on you," he said as he kissed me now on the lips.
	My body tingled all over as my father pulled down my chin with his thumb
and slid his tongue into my mouth.
	"Mmmm," I moaned, sucking his tongue into my mouth and licking it with my
own hot tongue.  "I've missed this too."
	My father's hands slid around my back and down to my tight young ass.  I
giggled when he gave my ass a little squeeze and kissed him more
passionately to let him know I liked it.
	"I've missed you so much," my father said as his hands slowly tugged my
short green skirt up over my ass.
	I loved the feel of my father's bare hands on my ass as he slid his long
fingers into my panties and cupped my cheeks with both hands.
	"I love you so much my angel," he said as he began pulling down my
panties now.  I could feel his immense hard cock pressing against my
stomach as he undressed me and I wanted it inside me more now than ever.
	Grabbing my shoulders now, my father spun me around and pushed me forward
until I was bent over the bed, holding on to the edge with my ass in the
air.  
	"Oh daddy!" I purred as his hands spread my ass now and I felt his tongue
slip into my crack and flick across my tight asshole.	
	I turned my head around to see daddy on his knees behind me, his face
buried in my ass as he pushed his tongue against my asshole and licked it
with vigor.
	"That feels so good, daddy," I moaned as I wiggled my little rear end up
and down on his face.
	A dagger of pleasure cut through my body as his tongue found my young
pussy and he started flicking his tongue in and out of it, fucking it with
his mouth.
	"Oooo," I moaned.  "Oh God daddy!"
	"I could eat this pussy all day," my father growled as he bit my vulva
and nibbled on it, driving me crazy.
	"OH Daddy!" I moaned.  "I love you!!"
	Pulling my pussy open with his fingers my father continuing lapping and
slurping my hot cunt until I could take it no longer.
	"I'm going to cum daddy!" I said at last.  "OH YES!!!"
	My father thrashed his face back and forth across my pussy, licking and
slurping up my hot cum as it poured out of me like never before.
	"It tastes so good," my father said as he shoved his tongue deeper inside
me.  "Oh GOD it tastes so good!"
	I slowly laid down on my stomach on the bed while my father made sure to
spread my legs so he could continue eating my pussy.  Slowly I rolled over
onto my back and bent my knees while my father worked his tongue into my
pussy from a new angle.  
	Moaning in sheer delight I pulled my knees up and watched my daddy's
tongue lick my pussy with long hot licks.
	"Please daddy," I said at last.  "FUCK ME!"
	Seeing how I was holding my knees up to my chest and presenting my open
pussy, my father quickly began unzipping his pants.
	"I'm going to fuck you all right," he said to me as he ripped his pants
down along with his underwear so I could see his enormous cock once again
ready for his daughter.  "I'm going to fuck you all night long!"
	"Uh," I moaned as I wiggled closer to the edge of the bed awaiting his
penetration.  With a hand between my legs I spread my hot pussy lips apart
and watched my daddy place his fat cockhead right between my parted lips.
	Slowly my father pushed his cock down and in until the head forced it's
way up inside me once again.
	"OH GOD DADDY!" I screamed out.  "Give it to me!  FUCK ME DADDY!"
	Inch my glorious inch my father worked that monstrous cock inside of me,
stretching my pussy to it's capacity once more until his balls touched my
sensitive asshole.
	"OOO, bury that cock in me daddy!" I panted.  "Fuck me!"
	Placing his hands on the insides of my knees to hold them up my father
slowly began to fuck his massive cock in and out of my aching cunt.
	"Ya daddy, ya!" I squealed as my hands were now free to pull down my
dress on top and uncover my big naked tits.
	"That's my girl," daddy smiled as he looked at my big tits and started
fucking me harder, making them bounce and jiggle as he rammed his cock
inside me.
	"Yes daddy!" I grunted.  "I'm your girl.  I'm your good little girl,
aren't I daddy?"
	"Ya, you're my good girl," my father groaned as he let go of one of my
legs and grabbed one of my big tits in his hand.  
	Daddy squeezed my young breasts as he pumped his cock in and out of me
over and over.
	"You make daddy feel so good," he groaned.
	"Can I make daddy cum?" I panted as I noticed my father taking smaller
and smaller strokes to keep from reaching that point too soon.
	"OH YES," he laughed.  "Daddy's almost there now."
	"Cum on me daddy," I demanded.  "Squirt it all over your good little
girl!"
	"Ya," my father smiled as he pushed my dress up to uncover more of my
flat belly.
	Daddy was working his cock inside me again with long hard thrusts that
were bringing me so close to orgasm.
	"Wanna cum on my tummy?" I asked innocently.  "Huh daddy?"
	"Ya baby," he groaned as he continued pumping between my long legs.
	"Oh daddy I'm going to cum!!!" I gasped in realization.  "OH GODDDD!!!!"
	"Oh yes baby, cum for me.  Cum for daddy," he said as he watched his
thick pole fuck my tight pussy into a frothy white cream around his balls.
 "Cum on daddy's big cock!"
	"Oh YES!" I screamed as I wrapped my legs around my daddy's back and
began slamming my pussy up onto his cock as hard as I could.  "I'm cumming
all over it daddy!  I'm cumming so hard for you."
	"Oh BABY!" my father growled as he slid his cock out of me and laid it's
sticky fat shaft across my stomach.  
	I watched the first lovely spurt of my father's cum shoot out of his
tremendous cock and up my stomach.
	"OH DADDY!" I cried out. "CUM DADDY! CUM!!!
	"YA!" my father joyfully laughed as he began jerking his cum all over my
dress and all over the bed.  "OH YA, ha, ha!"
	Again I could not keep from crying at how beautiful it was seeing my
father spurt his thick cum all over me, some of it landing in puddles on
my little pussy.
	"I love you, I love you, I love you!" I repeated over and over as I slid
off the bed and onto the floor in front of my father.  Cum was still
dribbling out of his thick cock and I eagerly opened my mouth to catch
some of the falling sperm.
	"Oh yes," my father smiled down at me as he jerked off into my mouth,
making little droplets hit my tongue.  "YES! YES!"
	Hungrily I gobbled up my father's fat cock into my mouth and began
sucking him as deeply as I could down my throat.  My hands explored my
father's bare ass as I slid my mouth up and down daddy's still hard pole.
	"Oh baby, I love you," he told me as he shook unsteadily on his feet.
	"Lay down daddy," I told him as I pushed him onto the bed and resumed
sucking his tremendously huge cock.  "Let your little girl take care of
you."
	"Oh suck daddy's cock," he laughed again.  "That's sooo good!!!"
	My hand worked my father's fat pole up and down as I sucked him, hoping I
could squeeze out more of his wonderful cum but I had gotten the last of
it.
	For nearly 20 minutes I knelt on the floor, sucking my father's gorgeous
prick.
	"Are you trying to make me cum again?" Daddy asked with a smile as he
looked down at how vigorously I was sucking him off.
	I optioned not to answer her but rather squeezed his balls as I began
sucking him even faster.
	"Ok baby," he said brushing the hair from my face and pulling it back so
he could watch his cock working it's way in and out of my face.  "Daddy
will cum again soon."
	Hearing him say that gave me new energy even though my jaw was aching
from the length of time I'd been giving him head.  I eagerly pumped his
cock now with my fist as I rolled my tongue around his bulbous head in
circles.
	"OH BABY!" Daddy shouted as he grabbed my hair and bucked beneath me.
	I felt the hot salty burst of cum shoot into my mouth and I purposefully
kept from swallowing so that I could savor the taste of my daddy's sperm. 
Load after wonderful load pumped into my tiny mouth until at last I was
forced to swallow.  Daddy groaned as he watched his cum running out of  my
mouth around the corners and down around his balls.
	"Full?" he laughed as I swallowed the last few gulps and squeezed out the
last of his cum onto my tongue.
	"Uh huh," I smiled as I kissed his now extremely sensitive cock and
winked.  "All full now."
	"Come up here with daddy," he said to me, "and give me a few minutes to
recuperate before we do anything more."
	"Do you have anything more for me daddy?" I asked somewhat surprised.
	"Are you kidding?" he laughed.  "You better finish taking off that dress
'cause in about 5 minutes I'm going to fuck my little girl again."
	"You've done enough fucking lately," I said as I pulled my dress up over
my head and tossed it to the floor.  "This time why don't you let your
daughter fuck you?"
	"Ooo, sounds good to me," he said as he started taking off his shirt and
tie which he was still wearing and tossed it across the room with my
stuff.
	Careful not to touch his wonderful prick too soon, I crawled up on top of
my father and pressed my big tits against his muscular chest.
	"This is all so wonderful," I said as I kissed him on the lips and
stabbed my tongue into his mouth once more.
	Quickly my father's hands were on my back and sliding their way down to
my ass.
	"I can't believe you're really mine," my father said softly.
	"I'm all yours daddy," I smiled as his fingers found their way around my
ass and began to pull and tug at my pussy again.  "Ever little bit of
me."
	"Well I hope this doesn't offend you," he laughed.  "But I like this part
of you the most."
	With that my father rubbed my well fucked pussy and slipped a finger
inside of me.
	"Ooo, no," I giggled.  "That doesn't offend me at all daddy."
	"And what part of me do you like best?" my father toyed with me.
	"Ummm," I said doing my best stupid blonde impression.  "Let me see…."
	"You better know!" Daddy said slapping my ass hard with his hand.
	"Oh!" I cried out.  "That feels nice."
	"Ya?" He said.  "Well if you don't tell your daddy what part of him you
like I'm going to give it to you again!"
	"I can't remember," I played dumb.
	SMACK! His hand came down on my tight ass.
	"OUCH!" I shouted.  "That hurt daddy!"
	"Then you better remember," he teased me obviously enjoying our little
game.
	"I don't remember, honest daddy," I said in my best little girl voice.
	SMACK! His big hand slapped my ass again.  The pleasure I was getting
having my daddy spank me like this far outweighed the sharp pain in my
tender cheeks.
	"Oh spank me again daddy!" I panted.
	SMACK! SMACK SMACK!!! His hand slapped me.
	"OWIE!" I cried out at last.  "That's enough!  I remember now!"
	"You remember what part of daddy you like best?"
	"Uh, huh," I smiled as I felt the glowing red burn on my ass get hotter
and hotter.
	"Which part?" he asked.
	"This part," I said reaching between my legs and grabbing his rock hard
cock.
	"OH," he smiled.  "THAT part?"
	"Uh huh," I said as I stroked it now, wanting to get it inside me as soon
as possible.
	"Why do you like it so much?" he asked.
	"Because it makes me feel so good daddy," I said as I pushed his cockhead
against my hot pussy now and began rocking backwards onto it.
	"Oh ya," my father groaned as I pushed more and more of his chubby cock
inside my little pussy.  "Take it all baby.  Take it all."
	"I will daddy," I purred as I worked my hips back and forth and wiggled
his enormous cock right up my hot hole until I could feel his balls
tickling my still stinging ass.
	"Oh GOD that feels so good," I moaned deeply as I sat upright on his cock
and rocked back and forth, moving it all around inside me.
	"I can't believe how beautiful you are," daddy said as his hands reached
up and cupped my large breasts while I rocked on his hard cock.  
	"If I just keep doing this I'm going to cum again," I whispered softly.
	"Please do baby," Daddy said as he pinched and tugged at my hard nipples.
 "Please cum for daddy."
	Slowly I increased the pace at which I rocked my hips back and forth and
I could feel my father's mammoth cock stirring up my insides more and
more.
	"Uh, uh, uh," I grunted as I rocked my hips up and down a little now to
get the full feel of my daddy's cock inside me.
	"It's so fucking big and beautiful," I panted as I watched my stomach
pooch out beneath my belly button each time my daddy's cock pressed
against it. "Oh God you're going to make me cum again!"
	Pushing my hips backward further I began to slide my spasming pussy up
and down my father's heavenly cock.
	"I love it when you make me cum daddy," I panted as I fucked my pussy
hard down on him with little jabs.
	"You're so beautiful when you look like that," my father said as he
rubbed my swollen tits and stared lovingly at my face.
	"I'm cumming so God damn much," I purred as I leaned over and stuck my
tongue in my father's ear.  "I can feel your big fucking cock making my
cum all creamy inside me," I whispered in his ear as he groaned and held
my ass now.
	"Do you really love me?" he asked.  "I mean really?"
	"Yes daddy," I whispered.  "I really love you."
	My orgasm was slowly subsiding so I raised back up and lifted one knee as
I began to bounce up and down on my father's incredible prick.
	"Watch us fuck!" I said as I placed a hand on his chest to steady myself
and looked down at his beautiful cock ramming inside me.  "Watch your cock
fuck my pussy!"
	"Oh yes baby," my father groaned as he put one hand on my knee and the
other on my leg.   "I'm watching.  It's so beautiful."
	"Do you like seeing your big cock inside me daddy?" I asked making myself
more and more aroused as I spoke.  "Do you like watching your big cock
slide in and out of your little girl's pussy?"
	"Then cum in me daddy!" I begged him.  "Pump your hot cum up my pussy
where it belongs!  Get your daughter pregnant!"
	"Are you…" my father gasped as I continued riding his big cock up and
down.  "aren't you on the pill?"
	"No daddy," I told him.  "I haven't been for years.  I might even be
pregnant from the first time you came inside me."
	"Is that what you want sweety?" he asked hungrily as he started pushing
his cock up inside me in motion with my own bouncing rhythm.  "You want to
have my baby?"
	"Yes daddy!" I said as the thought of having his child inside me was
bringing closer to yet another orgasm.
	"OH BABY!" my father groaned.  "I want you to have my baby so bad!"
	"Then fill my pussy with your hot cum daddy," I pounded my pussy on him
harder now.  "Pump me full of your hot cum and make me have your baby!"
	"Oh shit," my father howled as he watched his pole ramming up inside me. 
"I will baby.  Daddy's going to give you his baby!"
	"I'M CUMMING DADDY!" I screamed at the top of my lungs not caring who
heard me now.
	"OH YES!!" Daddy bellowed.  "SO AM I!!!"
	I felt my father's hot jizz spray up inside of me and I rammed my pussy
down hard onto his pole.
	"GET IT UP THERE!" I screamed.  "PUMP YOUR CUM UP THERE DADDY!!!!"
	I could feel his enormous cock pulsating and shooting hot cum DEEP inside
of me and I quivered and shook uncontrollably as he filled my insides with
his lovely seed.
	Daddy sat up and grabbed hold of me as he flipped me over effortlessly
onto my back.
	"Lay like that baby," he said.  "Keep daddy's cum inside you as long as
you can."
	Pushing a pillow under my hips to keep my cervix elevated, I could feel
my father's cum draining into every part of my womanhood.
	Slowly daddy pulled his softening cock out of me as he laid down beside
me.
	"Now I'm yours forever," I said with a smile.
	"And I'm yours," he replied.


THE END
	
	








--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
