
From ddail@efn.org Sun Oct 29 18:41:34 1995
From: redragon@interserv.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: LILY'S REVELATION
Date: 26 Oct 1995 23:31:41 GMT
Message-ID: <46p5ot$iv2@data.interserv.net>

                                    CHAPTER 1

                                "THE REVELATION"

    I gasped at the scene that confronted my eyes as I peered through the
partially opened drapes.  There were 4 people in the room.  Lily, my live-in
girlfriend of almost 4 years was sitting on someone's lap.  I recognized the
guy as Craig, someone I had suspected Lily of having an affair with several
years earlier.  Craig had his hand up underneath her skirt and was fondling her
thigh.  Lily didn't seem to mind.  However what really shocked me was the fact
that there were two other guys in the room and while I watched, one reached
from behind Lily and began fondling her breasts.  With Craig's assistance he
began unbuttoning her blouse.  As he proceeded, she began to resist, but it was
apparent from the smile on her face that her resistance was not in earnest.

    I was shocked, to say the least, angered, and embarrassed, but I noticed
that my cock was now standing at attention and I was also incredibly excited by
what I had seen.  I didn't know if I was more angry at Lily -- what she was
doing was unthinkable -- or more excited by the sight of her being fondled.

    At that moment my concentration on the unfolding scene was broken by Lisa.
She tugged at my arm and pulled me down below that level of the window we had
been peering through.  Almost reflexively my eyes strayed to Lisa's legs,
partially exposed by the squatting position we had assumed.

    "This isn't safe, someone will see us here any moment" she whispered, "we
have to get out of here."

    With that and before I could respond she started pulling me away, and
uncertain of what to do, I followed.  Once out from behind the shrubs that had
hidden us we quickly scurried out to the sidewalk.  Once around the corner from
Craig's townhouse, we walked slowly back to the clubhouse where the party was
being held.

    "Scott, I know you're full of questions, give me a moment to gather my
thoughts......I'm not quite sure how to explain what you just saw."

    With that we slowly walked on and I noticed that Lisa was leading me on
quite a roundabout route back to the party. Dazed, my mind wondered back to
this afternoon when I first received confirmation that my world was not quite
what I thought it was.

    .......It was about 6:00 PM and I was alone in the apartment playing with
my computer, waiting for Lily.  She was due home any minute as we were planning
on attending a party that night.  I heard the doorbell ring and got up to
answer the door.  I opened it to find Lisa, one of Lily's friends, standing
there with a smile.

    "Hi, is Lily back yet she asked?"

    "Uh, no, no she hasn't, I mean she isn't home yet......" I stammered.  Lisa
had that effect on me.

    "Oh, she told me she would be home before 5:00.  I'm riding to the party
with you guys tonight, maybe she didn't mention it,"  Lisa looked at me
inquisitively.

    At that I realized that I was standing there blocking the door.  I invited
her in to wait for Lily with me.  As she walked by I almost involuntarily took
a complete appraisal of her.  Lisa was Chinese/Filipino with that reddish-
brown hair some Filipino women have.  She was 23, about 5'3" with a amazingly
curvaceous body.  Although not beautiful in a conventional sense, she was
extremely good looking.  She usually wore this slightly bored, almost sullen
expression, and had these big brown eyes that gave real meaning to the
expression "bedroom eyes".  Her looks had always fascinated me.  Furthermore,
she was quite feminine, always eschewing pants for skirts and high heels.  She
had, by far, the best pair of legs of any of Lily's friends.  In short, Lisa
exuded a sultry sexiness that I found incredibly exciting and for some reason,
threatening.  Tonight was no exception, her skirt wasn't truly short, it ended
slightly above her knees but when she sat down, as always, I found my eyes
irresistibly drawn to her crossed legs.

    She sat down on the couch and looked at me expectantly.

    I was at a loss for words, "Would you like something to drink?" I asked,
trying to make some conversation.

    "Sure, she replied, anything, maybe some wine if you have any, I don't mind
starting early."

    I fixed her a glass of wine and returned to the living room.  As I handed
it to her she slid over on the couch to make room for me and I sat down.

    She took a sip of her wine and then as if a thought had just come to her,
she mentioned that she had some pictures of the boat party Lily and some of her
friends had attended a few weeks earlier.  She pulled a packet of pictures from
her purse and handed them to me.  Not really caring to look, I glanced through
them casually.  I really wasn't interested......although as always, I was
struck by how cute most of Lily's friends were.

    I focused on a picture of Lily.  She was a Filipina, short, 5'0" and
weighed about 98lbs.  She had long black hair almost down to her waist.  Unlike
many Asian girls, Lily was quite full bodied.  One day she had let me take her
measurements, and I found her 34B-25-34 quite respectable for such a small
girl.  She had an extremely pretty face.

    After looking through the pictures I handed them back to Lisa who started
to replace them in her purse but as she did, another packet fell out of her
purse and several of the photos slid out onto the floor.  I bent to retrieve
them, conscious of the proximately of Lisa's exquisite nylon clad legs and
trying not to appear too self-conscious.  As I did picked them up, I looked at
them and was stunned.

    I felt Lisa slide closer to me and place her hand gently on my thigh but I
was too shocked to notice.  She handed me the rest of the photos and I silently
reviewed them.  The first photo showed Lily and Lisa in a motel room with three
guys. They appeared to be playing trivial pursuit but what caught my attention
was that neither Lisa nor Lily was wearing a blouse and although Lisa was
wearing a bra, two of the guys were in the process of removing Lily's bra.  She
seemed to be laughing!!

    The rest of the photos taken over a period of time, showed Lily and
occasionally Lisa in various stages of undress usually with one or more guys in
the picture.  Lily appeared to be having fun and was posing willingly in all
but 3 of the shots.  The last picture showed Lily nude, kneeling with her head
bowed, in front of 4 men and Lisa.  The guys were holding cans of beer up as if
in celebration.

    I looked up at Lisa shocked.  She had moved closer.

    "Scott, there are some things about Lily that you don't know.......I don't
know how to explain it to you........among other things, she is my property."

    I looked at her, "what do you mean? Lily's a lesbian?" I managed to croak.

    "No, its not that at all" and before I could pursue the matter I heard
footsteps clicking up the walkway.

    As we heard Lily turn the key in the door way, Lisa calmly began collecting
the photos and replaced them in her purse.  By the time the door opened we had
arranged ourselves in a semblance of normalcy.  Lily looked surprised to see
Lisa but greeted her her warmly.  They disappeared into the bedroom while Lily
changed clothes.  I sensed that Lily wasn't truly comfortable seeing Lisa here.
As they had talked something seemed odd.  I began to recall previous times I
had seen them together in the last few months.  Lately, Lily seemed to be
extremely compliant in front of Lisa, never arguing with her, always agreeing
and moreover, If Lisa made a suggestion, Lily automatically took it.  This was
quite out of character for Lily.  I remembered a couple of instances where it
seemed that Lisa was ordering Lily around and Lily complied as if a private
receiving orders from a sergeant.

    My contemplation was broken by Lisa who came back into the living room and
whispered to me:

    "Scott, act normal, I'll explain more to you later tonight after we take
care of Lily."

    I had been shocked by the photos and by Lisa's semblance of an explanation.
But Lisa seemed to have some idea of what to do and I felt strangely
comfortable going along with her.  Thus, I managed to control my natural urge
to confront Lily and demand an explanation.  However it was extremely difficult
to hide my conflicting emotions.  I found my hands shaking involuntarily on the
drive down to the party.

    The party was being held in the clubhouse of a suburban townhouse
development.  It was a fairly large party, there must have been 75 or 80 people
there.  As we walked in I realized how few of the people I knew.  They were all
Lily's friends. Lily was quite popular and knew most of the people.  I had
always been a little uncomfortable at how friendly she was around other guys,
and tonight after what I had seen, I was almost obsessive about it.  It seemed
as if every guy in the place wanted to dance with her, and she refused no one.
I spent most of the time sitting at a table watching and contemplating.  Every
time Lily smiled at someone the act took on a sinister air to me.

    About 9:30, Gloria, one of Lily's best friends came over and asked if Lily
wanted to take a ride with her to pick up someone they knew.  It seemed a
little strange, Gloria placed her hand on Lily's shoulder and appeared to look
Lily in the eye and nod her head in the affirmative briefly.  Lily quickly
agreed.  She looked at me told me she would be right back and then got up
before I could say anything.  I watched as she walked to the door, Gloria
stopped at a cluster of guys who had been standing around the keg all evening
and said something that seemed to please several of them.  Gloria then followed
Lily out the door.

    About this time, Lisa sat down next to me.  She asked me how I was doing
and asked me to dance.  Although reluctant I allowed her to convince me.  We
danced for several minutes and then for some reason I looked over to where the
guys that Gloria had spoken to were standing, but they were gone. Lisa kept me
occupied for about the next hour refusing to discuss Lily, but I was excited
enough by Lisa to be able to set-aside my emotions.  Finally someone came over
and whispered in her ear, she then leaned over to me and told me I had a phone
call.  I found the phone in the hallway and picked it up.  It was Lily telling
me that Gloria's car had broken down, but that they had called AAA and would be
back in about an hour.  She quickly hung up before I could ask any questions.
As I was staring at the receiver, Lisa came up placed her arm around me and
asked me if I wanted to see what Lily was really doing.  I agreed, and that was
how I ended up peering into the townhouse window.

    Lisa jolted me out of my reverie.  We had been walking in a circle it
appeared for about 20 minutes.

    "Thinking about Lily?" she asked, "Are you angry at her Scott?"

    "Of course I am", I replied,

    Looking down at my still-bulging Levi's, Lisa smiled and said that didn't
appear to be my only reaction.

    "Does the idea of Lily having sex with other men excite you" she asked?

    "A little I stammered" unsure of how to answer and slightly embarrassed by
the truth.  She smiled and we went on like this for a while.  She led me to a
bus stop and we sat on the bench and talked.  She kept probing me for my
reactions to Lily.  Finally I exploded and demanded to know what was going on.
She merely smiled, crossed and then re-crossed her legs slowly and then looked
into my eyes.  She knew exactly the effect she had on me.

    "Lily is my slave, Scott."

    This was delivered in a calm, monotone voice, if this was a joke, I didn't
understand it.

    "What.........."

    "Lily is my slave, actually she belongs to several of us, myself, Anna, I
think you've met her, and Gloria."  She smiled at me and then continued, "later
perhaps I'll explain how this came to pass but for now, suffice to say that we
give the orders and Lily obeys."

    It's almost redundant, after the revelations I had already heard and seen
this evening but I was shocked into silence.  I looked at Lisa and she appeared
calm, rational and deadly serious.

    "What does she do as your slave I finally asked?"

    "Whatever, sex mostly, I enjoy making her perform for my friends"

    "Why?" was all I could manage

    "I enjoy the feeling of power.  Imagine Scott, having someone who will do
anything you say and I mean anything.  Doesn't the idea excite you?  Look, we
don't hurt her, we never could have enslaved her if there wasn't something
inside Lily that somehow made her want this........"

    "Why does Lily do it I croaked?"

    "Well, she enjoys the attention.  Lily has always been pretty, but she has
also been a little shy.  There are a lot of things she always wanted to do but
never could allow herself to do.  We let her live out these fantasies.  Of
course, she also lives out our fantasies, this she might not enjoy quite as
much, but she does it.  The sex servitude excites her, that's how we got her
involved.  The first time she did anything like this it was to impress a guy,
purely voluntary.  It's a long story, maybe later I'll explain it to you fully,
but briefly, a couple of months ago, when we were down south for annual
training, Lily and I shared a motel room.  She took the opportunity to play
around with one of the guys in the unit.  She was having a great time.  Things
got out of hand and someone ended up with a few incriminating photos of her.  I
got the pictures back for her, but as a joke, I told her she would have to do
something for this guy, the one who had taken them, to get them back.  I was a
little drunk and was just kidding.  Lily took it seriously and he and I played
along.  We didn't intend to do it, I just wanted to see how far we could make
her go, finally he jokingly suggested she orally gratify him.  I didn't say a
word and Lily quietly agreed.  I was flabbergasted.  Look, nobody made her do
this, she could have refused and I would have given her the pictures and I
can't believe that she didn't know this. "

    Lisa continued, "I couldn't believe it as she knelt on the floor and sucked
him off.  I got off watching her do it.  I'll tell you the details later, but
since then we have been experimenting with her."

    "Does she like it? I asked, incredulous.

    "In a way, she loves it, she is the center of attention.  There are things
she hates, she doesn't like my power tripping but what can she do?"

    "Power tripping, like how I asked?"

    "Later you'll see what I mean." she said with an air of finality and looked
at her watch.  About that time I saw Gloria's car pull up and Gloria got out.
She came over and sat on the other side of me.

    "What are they doing?  Lisa asked Gloria?"

    "You know, the usual, Lily is lapping it up, literally, Gloria laughed."

    "Think we could sneak Scott in the back for a look see" Lisa asked?

    Gloria hesitated and looked at me for a moment but replied, "yeah ....yes I
think we could, these guys are pretty drunk and if you keep them occupied....
her voice trailed off"

    Lisa got up and motioned us to follow.  As we walked she issued her
instructions.  Once there, Lisa led in us as we snuck between the adjacent
units to the back door.  Lisa pulled a key from her purse, and opened the door.

    "It's just me she announced, and I heard a male voice greet her."

    As she walked into the living room, Gloria and I crawled into the utility
closet.  From the slightly ajar door we could see into the living room.  Lily
was now totally nude, and was on her knees in front of Craig, with his
semi-erect member in her mouth as he absentmindedly guided her head up and down
his shaft.  When she did stop for air she appeared to be smiling.  All three
guys had beers in their hand and appeared to be simply sitting there talking.
Craig was the only one paying any attention to Lily at all, the other two guys
acting almost bored, as if her actions were a common occurrence.

    When Lily caught sight of Lisa, her whole body seemed to stiffen.  Lisa
smiled and pointed at her feet.  She extended one gorgeous nylon clad leg
slightly forward.  Lily dropped to all fours, and kissed the toes of both
Lisa's high heels.  Once completed she remained still.  Craig broke the ice:

    "Lisa, give her back"

    Lisa shrugged and waved Lily off.  Lily returned to Craig's now fully erect
penis.  Although she had previously appeared to enjoy what she was doing, she
now seemed more tense, almost fearful.  Craig however didn't appear to notice
any difference.

    I moved my hand as my arm was falling asleep from the cramped position
Gloria and I were forced into.  Inadvertently I rubbed against her thigh.  I
felt her move closer.  The feel of her stockings electrified me.

    Lisa made her excuses and left shortly, bending over as she left to kiss
Craig while my girlfriend continued to work on his erection.

    According to plan, Gloria and I were to remain until the others had left or
fallen asleep.  Once Lisa was gone, Lily again relaxed.  Finally Craig spurted
into her mouth and all over her face.  Without any urging she licked up most of
the mess, lay her head on his thigh and closed her eyes.

    Soon thereafter, one of the guys left.  The third guy, (later I was to find
out his name was Kevin) got up, gently shook Lily's shoulder and pointed to the
stairway.  Lily smiled sleepily at him and allowed herself to be led up the
stairs.  Craig had fallen asleep where he sat.

    Gloria and I waited until Craig was snoring and then we crawled to the
door.  Once out we quickly walked to a Denny's up the street where we were to
meet Lisa.

    Upon hearing what had transpired after we left, Lisa laughed and told me
that it appeared Kevin owned Lily tonight.  She asked Gloria if she needed a
lift home.  Gloria looked at me:

    "I think perhaps Scott shouldn't be alone tonight, maybe I'll stay at his
place."

    Lisa obviously concurred and I was still in such a state of shock that I
was happy to have the decisions made for me.  We left together at that time,
Lisa took Gloria's car and dropped us off where mine was parked, then left.

    Gloria and I drove to the apartment in silence.  It was now past 2:00 and
we were both dog tired.  Once in the apartment, silently and by mutual consent,
Gloria and I slipped into Lily's bed.  I was hard immediately and was so
excited by my vision of Craig fondling Lily's thigh that I came almost upon
entering Gloria.  She didn't seem to mind and fondled me for a moment until I
was ready again.  We made love three times that night and Gloria seemed to
intuitively know that I was making love to my vision of Lily's subjugation, not
her.  She didn't seem to mind at all.

    After making love, something jogged my memory and I mentioned something
about Lily coming home.  Gloria told me not to worry, Craig wasn't going to let
her out before noon tomorrow at the earliest.  We drifted off to sleep....
                                                                           


