RICK


Chapter 1.

    Rick and I were friends only because we happened to be in the same
place at the same time with nothing better to do.  Yeah, we ended up
having some pretty wild fun and doing all the things that teenagers do,
but we weren't 'close'.  It came down to the fact that Rick was slow and
athletic, and I tended to be cerebral and quiet.  We just didn't
connect on that level.

    I was thirteen, Rick was 15.  He had been kept back a grade several
years earlier and almost got kept back this past year.  I had pulled
him through his math class by the skin of his teeth which, it turned
out, was the one thing that got him through and passed him.  But, it
was summer now.  Long, lazy days of sitting around watching TV, riding
our bikes to the beach, and walking through the woods swatting at
mosquitoes.

I spent many nights at Rick's when my mother was away on business.
Most of the time the games we would play consisted of 'torture
sessions'.  This most often consisted of one of us tying the other
up and seeing if you could untie yourself.  It was exciting to
me to be tied up and helpless, though I wouldn't admit this to
Rick.  I would often times lose during our 'qualifying matches'
of games like checkers, which would determine who was the torturer
and who would be the unfortunate (ha!) soul to be tied up.  The
qualifying games would last minutes, those exquisite torture sessions
would last well into the wee hours of dawn.

We had gotten into doing these things slowly at first.  First it
was a game in the barn when we fed the horses.  He tripped me in the
hay once and lashed my hands with the leather leads and left me
to untie myself.  I returned the favor.  Innocent?  Well, at the
time, yes.  Later, it progressed into something a little less
innocent.

One night after I was asleep, Rick crept over to my
bed and tied my hands and feet to the posts.  I was a fairly
heavy sleeper and was, that night, on my stomach.  All of a sudden
he grabbed my underwear and lifted it as high as he could, waking
me up to very strange feelings in my ass and in other more private
areas.

"Now let's see you untie yourself!"

Rick was naked.  I knew that he had been wearing his underwear when
he went to bed.  I looked over at his sillouette and saw his erection
and quickly turned the other way, embarassed by the rush of excitement
that came over me at seeing his arousal.  He clicked on the light and
my eyes were drawn like a magnet towards him. For the first time I saw
another boy naked.

Rick's torso was hairless and smooth, very taught an muscular, his
ass rippling with each step.  The only sign of body hair was the
light covering of red between his legs.  It certainly didn't
cover anything, but rather accentuated it and made it all the more
fascinating.  I started to tear my eyes away from the breathtaking
site in front of me when he saw where my eyes  were glued.

"Oh!  So, you like what you see?  I'll fix that!"  And he proceeded
to tie a bandana around my eyes. "No peeking! heh heh heh..."
I heard him go over to his bed and sit down.  It was mostly
silent except for my breathing and his looking through some
magazine, as I surmised from the rustling of pages.  Soon I heard
a rhythmic creak of his bed and couldn't for the life of me figure
out what he was doing.  "Rick?  Untie me, I can't move!"

"Hang.. H...Hang on!"  He was out of breath and the creak grew louder
and faster.  Rick let out a long grunt and relaxed.  Two or three
minutes later, he came over and examined his handiwork.  "No, I
don't think I'll untie you yet.  But, this looks a little loose".
He had seen that my underwear had crept out from the crease of my
buttocks and pulled them up.. HARD!  And my erection had jumped to
attention. "Now.  What can I tie these undies to?"  He got some
clothes line, looped them through my underwear and tied it to the
head board, looping it under and back to the post at the bottom of
the bed.  I was having these tingling sensations in my groin that
were sheer heaven and didn't want it to stop, though I was embarassed
to say anything.  Rick looped the clothesline over the post and dragged
on it with all he could.  My ass was on fire from the torture of cloth
raking over it, but my groin was on fire of a different sort.  Rick
didn't relent except to stifle my groans with a home-made ball gag.
"Shut up... I know you like this!!"  He laughed and started tugging
on the rope in a slow, rhythmic pattern that sent me to heaven and
had me rocking back and forth.  After probably 10 second of this,
the tingling I had felt turned into a flood of ecstasy.  I groaned
and strained to stop the tide of pleasure that ripped through me,
but soon I had to release it.  I felt warm, wet jets of liquid pump
out of me and onto the bed, soaking my stomach and the sheets
at the same time.  My groans didn't go unheard, either.

"Awww... Did Mitchy cum? You like this, don't you?  Well, we'll
let you clean yourself up and loosen the gag.."  Rick took off
the ropes and blindfold and let me loose.

"God, my ass hurts!"  Duh!  What about the other stuff you felt?!

I looked over at Rick and at his erection.  "Mitch, you ever jerk
off"

I admitted that I hadn't.  That was the first time that I had
ever remembered having an orgasm.

Rick proceeded to bring himself to another orgasm as I watched,
awestruck.  He shot cum all over himself and massaged it into
his hairless torso.  I thought I would lose it right there.
I was in heaven and didn't ever want to leave.  I wanted to do
to him what he had done to me.  I didn't remember anything so
pleasurable in my life, and it didn't matter to me that Rick was
male.  I hoped that 'things' would happen again - that he would
tie me up and make me do things.

It turned out that that is exactly what would happen over the next
several weeks.


Chapter 2... Later that summer....
---

Rick and I had been getting tired of sitting around watching TV, and
our 'torture sessions' had basically degenerated into nothing more than
mutual masturbation sessions.  Effectively, we were bored silly.

We ended up riding our bikes all around town and decided to ride through the
woods on one of the many winding paths that existed from the deer runs.
After a few minutes down the path, Rick saw a camp and turned towards it.  I,
being a true follower, turned in beside him.

"This place has been empty for years."  Rick looked at the dilapidated
condition of things and started peeking around inside.  The furniture that
was left was pretty moldy, but still sturdy.  The power was, naturally, off
making things kind of dank, dark and musty.

"Oh!  What have we here?"  Rick had opened up a cupboard near the
pine-post bed and uncovered what seemed like a lifetime subscription
to the raunchiest porn mags and books I had ever seen.  He immediately
plopped down on the bed and looked at the pictures (to hell with the
articles!) with great interest.

I poked around a little more and found ancient nests and stashes from
rodents long gone now, and even came across a jar filled with change.
After poking around outside and underneath the cabin for a while, I
came in to find Rick in his favorite position - shorts on the floor,
magazine propped beside him, cock in hand.  "Hey, Mitch!  Torture
session?"  Rick rarely asked for one any more without having something
new in mind.  Most of the time now, when we were together we would
just forget about our little sessions.

"Sure... Am I 'it'?"  I looked at his erection and noticed that it
already had a little pre-cum oozing from the tip.  Rick was about
average in the length department, but he was wide as hell.  I had
trouble wrapping my hands around him at times.

"Yeah.  No 'qualifying rounds'.. Now, recite the creed..."

"I promise to do your bidding, regardless of the task, and to perform
it until you say to stop."  I recited the words in a dreamy state.
We had come up with this little saying when one day I didn't want to
run naked in front of his sister.  We made up a few ground rules
stating that everything must be absolutely private and not be damaging
to our health.  Other than that, everything was ok. (Especially if
it included me doing things to/for Rick)

"Ok.. I've never asked you to do this before.  I want you to look
at the magazine and do what they are doing to the guy in there.  Oh,
keep your clothes on... I don't want you to cum today."  Fine with me,
I usually didn't care about that.  Most of the fun I had was in being
tied and trying to aid Rick in achieving a climax. (Anal sex was out,
just by mutual agreement... Too intense, I guess.)  I looked in the
magazine and saw a mass of women surrounding this one (average looking)
guy.  The center of the picture was this absolute knock-out red-head
with her hand cupping his balls and her mouth completely swallowing
his cock.

"Uh, Rick?  I'm not sure..."  I feigned disinterest, but was so excited
about this I could hardly stand it.  I had touched him, sure.  He had
used me as a tool to bring himself off, often times using the crack
of my ass as his favorite place and cumming all over me while I would
jerk myself off.  But I had never put my mouth on him...

"Do it!  You promised!"  And he was right.. I had.. I always did, and
always would.  There was something about giving a man pleasure without
necessarily having any myself that made me flush with excitement.

I put the magazine down and shut the door.  It got quite dark in the
already dim cabin.  All I could hear was Rick's breathing and my
own heart pounding in my chest.  I was going to give a blowjob!  My
God!  I stepped closer to Rick and knelt down on the ground, his
red-haired crotch about a foot from my face.  Rick leaned back against
the wall and pushed himself towards me a little more while I sat
looking at him.  I had never been 'face to face' with his crotch
before, and I was mesmerized.  Rick was fanatically clean and smelled
mildly of the soap he showered with, plus some scent that made me
giddy and shakey.  His cock jumped and bobbed on its own volition,
and I watched it with intense concentration, willing it to get
larger than it already was.  Everything else had ceased to exist
for me.  I couldn't see the bed underneath Rick, the walls, the floor.
All I could see were my hands, reaching toward his manhood, grasping
and tugging a little.  My blood pounded in my ears, rushing so loudly
that I couldn't even hear the wind outside or Rick's breathing.  I
moved my face over him, twisting a little one way, then the other,
trying to find the best angle to take him with.  Parting my lips
I tickled the head with my tongue,  tasting the small bead of
liquid that had formed there.  Its taste and texture drove me wild
with excitement and I lowered my mouth onto him slowly.  At first
I tried to take it all, but almost choked.  I put my hand more firmly
around the base and tickled his sack, making him jump and squirm.
Soon, very soon, I started to pump a little with my hand and matched
the rhythm with my lips, pulling and sucking, swirling my tongue
around him.  With each down stroke, I took slightly more than the
time before, until I had swallowed him almost completely.  My jaw
was mostly unhinged now (a talent, I admit!) and I decided that I
wanted even more... I opened widely and pushed for all I was worth,
taking both his balls into my mouth.  Rick groaned and pumped a little,
but I had to let some of him go.  I could feel muscles in his legs
tensing and untensing and put my hands under his ass.  The muscles
rippled and tensed, filling my hands and mouth with his sex.  I started
applying even more pressure, pumping with my hand and mouth faster
and faster, wishing the moment would never end.

"I'm close.. Pull away!"

I was in seventh heaven and didn't even hear what he said, only that
he had made some noise.  Rick started to pull out of my mouth and away
from my hands, but I wouldn't let him.  I grasped his ass with ferocity
and plunged his manhood all the way in again, nibbling and tickling
as much as I possibly could.  I had lost track of time and reality,
consumed by the power of what I was doing.  I made an upstroke and he
tried again to pull away, this time starting to tremble in his buttocks
and legs.

"Mitch!  I'm gonna cum!"

His words were hit me like a sledgehammer.  Did I want to stop?  Did
I want to take him all the way?  Rick's hands were in my hair, pulling
me away.  Now was the time.  I pulled out now, or I would have to
finish it.  I had promised to do what he said... And to stop when
he said.  But I wanted all of him..  I wanted him to climax because of
what I did.  I pushed myself down again, yanking the hair out of
his hands and pushing him over the edge.  His hands were in my hair
again, this time clenching and pulling me up, then pushing me down.
His warm fluid jetted into my mouth and over my tongue.  Salty, acidic,
warm and heavenly.  I sucked and pulled the last drop from him and
pulled away, watching Rick fall sideways on the bed and let out
a relaxed sigh.

So, that was my first time.  But, not the last.

