Archive-name: 3plus/riderose.txt
Archive-author: Ellen
Archive-title: Ride from Five Roses, The


       CHAPTER 12: OPEN MARRIAGE/THE RIDE FROM FIVE ROSES 

     Bill and I recently visited a dude ranch with the unlikely
name of Five Roses. After signing in, the desk clerk suggested
that we walk over to the arena to watch some trick riding that
was to begin in a few minutes. We went to our room in the hotel
the ranch called a bunk house, changed, and strolled outside to
join a line of guests filing into shaded, unpainted bleachers
surrounding the arena.

     A young man galloped through a gate held open by a grizzled
looking ranch hand, twirling a lasso for a quick pass in front of
us, his horse kicking up clouds of dust, then began a dazzling
display of stunts that I couldn't even imagine how one would
train for. At one point, he turned to look back at me as he rode
past, grinning as he jumped into a reverse sitting position on
the saddle, then stretched alongside the horse as I remember
cowboys doing in old TV movies when they wished to hide, not
allowing anyone on the far side of the horse to see them. He went
around half the arena's distance standing on his hands in the
saddle, then performed some saddle gymnastics that would have
impressed my aerobics instructor even if he hadn't been on a
horse. We laughed and clapped along with the crowd. I later
learned this performer was only 23 years old.

     At the end of his fifteen minute show, he jumped from his
horse onto a wooden stage at the arena's center, removed his hat
to reveal a shock of blond hair, and strode to a microphone. He
was tall and lean, his blue pants stuffed into dark blue boots; I
imagined his muscles rippling beneath his blue satiny shirt.

     "I'm Chad," he introduced himself. His voice was at once
husky and high-pitched, something like Oliver North's, breaking
now and then. He welcomed us to the ranch and invited us to
dinner at the "Chuckwagon Chow Hall" just beyond the corral. He
climbed back onto his horse, standing, and then was gone amid the
crowd's cheers.

     An hour later, Bill and I sat across from him at a
checkerboard-covered wooden table in the dining hall. Chad had
been raised on an orphanage ranch and had joined the marines when
he was only 17. Bill had also been an orphan as well as a marine.
Chad had served fewer years, but those experiences established an
immediate bond between them, and Chad had taken a particular
interest in me. Chad was only one of 6 riding instructors, but he
made sure he was with me at every opportunity.

     The next afternoon, I arrived at the riding stables in white
boots, a white western hat and what might be described as a beige
cowgirl mini-dress, with fringe reaching to mid-thigh. I was
raised in Long Island and never ridden a horse, so after an
hour's instruction, I found myself bumping high in the saddle as
this uncooperative palomino trotted along a well-worn forest path
a couple of miles from the ranch. Chad crawled from his horse
onto my saddle behind me, his hands pressing my legs, bared to
the hips, tighter against the horse, and blurted, "Don't hold the
reins so loosely!"

     I turned to Bill, who was smiling at me, and muttered in
frustration, "Give me another half hour. I can do it, I'm sure."
Bill rode alongside Chad's horse, grasped the reins, and offered,
"Why don't you two keep at it until Ellen gets it right? It's
about six now, and I'm getting hungry." Bill, of course, KNEW he
was setting me up. Chad protested half-heartedly, but Bill turned
and trotted off with Chad's white horse following obediently
behind. Chad had been off duty more than an hour anyway, so I
talked him into staying with me until I thought I was doing
pretty well.

     The sun was setting beyond the trees when he suggested we
ride back to the ranch. I requested that I ride behind him, so we
switched places. I put my hands on his hips, saying, "Not so
fast. I want to take in the view." He turned off a path and told
me, "Then here's one you shouldn't miss." He stopped at a stream,
reddened by the setting sun, beneath high, fantastic-shaped
rocks.

     "It's beautiful," I admitted and allowed my trembling hands
to slither around his hips. The horse shuddered beneath us as he
shook his mane. I rested my cheek on his shoulder as I listened
to the stream, then felt his manhood began to grow until half its
length throbbed beneath my hands.

     I hadn't known at that time, but Bill had sneaked back,
hoping that something would come of the arrangement he'd left. I
usually knew when Bill was around, but he was more careful
outdoors than in our own home. He'd positioned himself on the
rocks above amid long shadows of the tall pines.

     Chad turned his head, his face brushing mine. When I didn't
move, he kissed me. He came down off the horse onto a bed of damp
leaves. I glanced down and gasped softly at his size; his
engorged penis stretched halfway down his thigh. He pulled me
alongside him, our arms entertwining as our lips pressed
together.

     I gasped as his huge instrument bulged against my groin and
thigh. A feeling like fear caught in my throat, my stomach
churning with desire. His hands cupped my soft breasts. I moaned,
stroking his long manhood beneath his jeans, as he coaxed me to
the ground, his body hovering above me. My hips rotated as I
moaned beneath him.

     He unbuckled my belt and unbuttoned the dress until my
breasts and shaved mound lay exposed. His lips trembled as he
tugged at the snaps  of his shirt and jeans. And now he was
beautifully nude, his long cock curving up an unbelievable length
from the tuft of blond pubic hair. Chad's body was hard and
slender, his long muscular arms like tree trunks, his broad
fingers like bananas. "Oh god," he murmured, gazing down at my
breasts.

     His lips closed around a firm reddened nipple that was now
standing out like an Indian's spear. I squeezed his hardness, my
hand unable to close around his long, broad manhood. He spread my
trembling legs apart, his tongue trailing down my stomach, then
flicking across my vaginal lips.

     I wailed with pleasure as his tongue twirled around my
clitoris. My groin rotated with mad pleasure. My throat was
tight, unable to utter the pleas I wanted to scream out. He
mounted me. My pussy involuntarily quivered upward to meet his
enormous cock. My eyes were wide with fear and wanton pleasure as
I watched the giant bulbous head slowly enter my vagina, then
slither into my lubricated depths. My vaginal walls were
splitting as his huge instrument delved further. My voice
quaking, I pleaded, "Oh, Chad, give it to me! I need your cock!"
And I begged for every inch until I was impaled by his enormous
sceptre, sunk only HALF its length, the head pressing against the
back of my vagina, I moaned,"Oh, god, it's wonderful, Chad, god
it's so awesome! I love it, I love it!"

     And now he was fucking me as I screamed out, "Oh, Chad! I'm
on fire, Chad, I've never FELT like this, don't stop, don't
stop!" And there WAS no stopping him now as his massive cock
steamed through my creaming tunnel; I was now crossing a new,
sizzling threshhold of adulterous passion, sobbing with pleasure.

     As my head was thrashing from side to side, I glimpsed the
shadowed form of Bill on the rocks twenty feet above us. He was
pumping his cock; I imagined him grinning down at me, pushing my
lust into overdrive! Chad was pounding his monster into me, his
lips mouthing my soft breasts. I enwrapped my long, slender legs
around his rippling muscles, my hips lifting with each
withdrawal, my back surrendering to the leaves' dampness with
each heart-stopping thrust. Sobbing, I mewed, "Oh fuck me, Chad,
fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, FUCK ME!" Chad's eyes were glazed, his
lips parted. I felt the climax building between the two of us,
his cock expanding even further within the tremors of my
lubricating walls.

     Instead of allowing a climax, he disengaged, pushing me
around to my knees. I braced my arms against the leaves as his
hands reached around me, stroking the fullness of my breasts. His
long, curving cock re-entered my cunt from the rear. My mouth and
eyes opened widely at the pain and pleasure as he pushed deeper.
I gasped passionately when we were finally united, then screamed
in ecstasy as his thrusts massaged my swollen clitoris, my heart
thumping until I thought it would jump out of my throat. An
earthquake rumbled deep within my mind and my vagina; Chad and I
were falling through a massive, quaking crevice into a fiery well
of adulterous passion, my channel creaming like warm butter as we
thrashed against each other with the fervor of hellish demons. My
eyes were rolling as I fucked wildly back against him in long
strokes. His balls were slapping the mounds of my buttocks as my
head gyrated in wide circles, my hair flailing the warm night
air.

     My body pulsating in white-hot lust, I turned to watch him,
as I pleaded, "Oh, fuck me, Chad! Fuck me like I've never been
fucked before!" And he was doing just that, hammering into me
with the most wonderful cock any man had ever given me. My cuntal
folds throbbed and squeezed, enveloping his engorged manhood, as
I bucked against him; I muttered, "Oh, Chad, I love your cock,
god help me, I love fucking you!" Drugged with a time-stilling
sensation, I rolled my hips in gratitude! I looked up to see
Bill, gasping awesomely as he watched, stroking his cock madly as
he leaned against a high boulder, his jaw sagging in the wonder
of our passion. A low modulated "Oh!" escaped my lips with each
pummeling, my soft breasts heaving in tremulent rhythm with
Chad's battering entry.

     I eagerly bumped my hips against his, matching his every
thrust. I turned to look at him in absolute awe as his hips
hammered the roundness of my buttocks. I could feel the rapturous
waves of the mega-orgasm building within us; his monstrous cock
was expanding to massive proportions as I squealed, "Come with
me, Chad! I love it! I love it! I love you! Oh god yes, I love
YOU!" And then the stars crashed, exploding in supernova, as I
shut my eyes tightly, sobbing as we came in unison, our enflamed
bodies and minds entertwined in cosmic eruptions as he burst
within my creaming channel. And then again, with each shattering
orgasm, my eyes rolled, my long hair flailing the night air as I
moaned my gratitude. His chest heaved as he lay alongside me. I
glanced upward to see that Bill had left.

     Chad and I strolled to the stream, entering the cool water
slowly, and splashed around a few minutes. I was lubricating
again as I gazed at his beautiful body, and his manhood had begun
to rise. After the warm breeze had dried our fervid bodies, I
rolled atop Chad, taking his cock in my mouth, bringing him again
to his unbelievably long hardness. I slurped its length until,
his cock far down my throat, my lips and tongue fucked him to
another orgasm. We spent the night alongside the stream.

     At midnight, I awoke to his muscular body hovering above me.
He entered me, my moans piercing the starlit night. We made love
with the passion of a young stallion and mare until three hours
before dawn. We rode back to the ranch, where I quietly entered
our room. Bill was still awake. I told him about all that he
didn't see. He was still fucking me madly at sun-up.

     Bill suggested that we drive to a nearby restaurant instead
of having breakfast in the dining hall that morning. As we
emerged from the car into the restaurant's parking lot, each of
glanced down at a hand-lettered sign someone had taped to a
pickup truck's rear window. We laughed. The sign read, "HOW CAN
YOU TELL HE'S A COWBOY IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN HIM RIDE?"

--
