 Riker Squared
 -------------
 By John Green


 "Personal log, stardate 47456.5." Riker said has he glanced at the shuttle's
control panel.  "I'm on my final approach to station DS9.  Taking a long over
due vacation and planning to renew my acquittance with..."

 "Incoming communications" the computer said.  "End log and answer hail."
he replied.

 "Shuttle El-Baz," came over the communications system, "this is Major Kira
of DS9, we're ready to downloading the docking parameters to your computer."
"Ready to receive." Riker said.  "Cmdr. Riker?  Welcome back, you're in a
much smaller ship than the last time you were here." came Kira's voice with
a bit of pleasure creeping into it.  "I'm here on vacation this time.  I just
hope there isn't any trouble like the last time I stopped by with the
Enterprise." he said with a bit of a grin, remember when Worf learned that his
father might still be alive and ran off into Romulan space searching for him.

 "I hope so to commander, every time the Enterprise is around trouble seems to
follow.  Just let your computer dock the shuttle and enjoy your vacation."

 "I'll try my best Major.  Shuttle El-Baz out."


 ***


 After docking and procuring quarters Riker headed to Quark's to wait for the
person he came to see.  Walking in he took a seat at the bar and a Ferengi
came up to him.  "So what will it be Sir?" Quark asked.  "A Borellian ale."
Riker replied.  After returning with his drink Quark leaned on the bar looking
at Riker and said, "I haven't seen you around here.  Are you new on the
station?"  "Yes, but I'm only here on vacation." he said before taking a sip
of his drink.  "Well, a Starfleet crewmen on leave.  Can I instead you in 
a few spins at the Dabo tables?  Our tables have the best pay outs in the 
quadrant." Quark asked.  "No." Riker said looking around the room at the 
Dabo tables. "I'm no really interested in Dabo, it was never my first 
choice in games of chance."

 "Then could I interest you in a holosuite adventure?" Quark asked with the
look of dollar signs growing in his eyes.  "We have the best selection of
programs available.  Something for every taste, and anatomical makeup."
Putting on his best used car dealer smile he continued, "In fact with as
handsome of a man as yourself I'm sure one of the Dabo girls would be more
than willing..." Quark stopped and stood straight up as head of security
Odo walked in accompanied by a man that looked exactly like the person he
was talking to.

 "What was that you were saying about Dabo girls Quark?" Odo said with a
sneer on his unfinished looking face.  "Oh nothing of importance, I was just
telling this gentleman about how the Dabo girls would be more than happy to
explain the rules of the game to him." Quark shot back.  "I'm sure you were.
Remember I'm watching you all the time." Odo said as he and his companion
stoped when they reached Riker.  "I've no interest in your voyeuristic kinks
Odo.  I have other customers to take care of." Quark said as he hurried off
to try and sell something to another customer.

 "I told you there were two of us." said Lt. Thomas Riker.

 "My apologies Lieutenant, but when the computer flagged the anomaly of two
people with identical DNA prints and neither of them listed as twins I had to
check it out.  There are any number of low-lives on this station that are
constantly attempting to circumvent the security systems." Odo apologized with
a bit of disappointment that something fishy wasn't going on, "I'll leave you
two to your business, but I should warn you to stay away from Quark, he'll
cause you nothing but trouble."

 "We will." both Rikers replied at the same time as if twins intimately
familiar with one another.  Actually there were closer than even twins having
been the same person for the majority of their lives before a transporter
accident eight years ago on Nervala IV caused a second copy of Riker to be
created.  One continuing his career in Starfleet and the other stranded
alone on a planet that no one could rescue him from even if they knew he
existed until an opening in the planets distortion field allowed them to
come back and find him.  Shortly after their reunion Lt. Riker decided to
take on their middle name of Thomas leaving Commander Riker to use their 
first name of William to help avoid confusion and left on a mission 
aboard the U.S.S. Ghandi to get his career restarted.  They didn't have 
enough time then to come to terms with their situation, and that was the 
main reason for the meeting now, to sort out their feeling about the 
situation.

 "I see you're still wearing your beard a little bushier than mine.  I like
it.  It make me ... us, I mean you look even better." said Will with a bit of
confusion about what what pronoun to use.  "I should start wearing mine like
that." he continued.

 "I don't know if the bushiness helps, but I decided to keep it since I seem
to be having much better luck with it than before Nervala IV when I went
around clean shaven.", Thomas replied with a grin.

 "I've noticed the same thing." Will said grinning back, "People seem to find
it sexier.  And there are some pleasurable things you can do with it in the
right situations."

 "I know what you mean." Thomas said his smile getting even larger.

 "Tell you what," Will said, "I've got a room for us.  Why don't we head
back there talk over a few drinks.  I'm not overly thrilled with the service
around this place."

 "Fine with me, I'd really like to discuss our situation." Thomas replied.
With that they both got up and left for their room.


  ***


 Back in the room Will orders some drinks from the replicator and they
sat down.  "So how do you feel about our situation?" Will asked.

 "I don't know, I'm still trying to sort it out.  Remember you only have to
deal with there being two of us, I have to deal with that and suddenly being
back among people after eight years of isolation." Thomas replied.

 "Well, I'm here to help you.  Have you talked to anyone about it?", Will
asked.

 "No, after relying on myself for so long I have trouble talking to other
people about it.  It does seem easier talking to you however.  It may be
because I feel as if I'm talking to myself.  Does that sound silly?"
Thomas asked.

 "Not at all.  So tell me all about your feelings.", Will said.

 "Well to begin with..." Thomas said which started a full morning of
conversation between the two.


  **


 Around noon Thomas said, "I'm glad you had the idea for us to get together
and talk it out.  I think I can finally get a grip on this and start out
fresh."

 "Me too.  It's like suddenly gaining a brother." Will said.

 "To brothers!" Thomas said as he raised his glass in a toast.  Will raised
his and said "To brothers!"

 After downing their drinks Thomas said, "Right now I could use a nap.  I'm
still on ship time and half way into my sleep cycle."

 "Certainly, I'm a bit tired myself." Will said.

 Once they got into the bedroom Thomas stopped seeing only one bed, "I think
they make a mistake in the room assignment, there's only one bed in here."

 "I wasn't a mistake, I requested a room with a single bed." Will said with
a nervous smile, "You see I had this idea of some things I'd like to try, and
seeing how much we're alike, especially after our conversation, I thought
you'd be interested as well."

 Letting out a laugh Thomas said, "We are awfully identical, I had been
wondering how I was going to bring up the subject to you!"  With that Will's
smile got larger.

 Both grinning they headed over to the bed and undressed.  Standing naked on
either side of the bed they look one another over.  "So that's what I look
like naked." Thomas said.  "You've never seen you self in the mirror I 
take it?" Will joked.  "Of course, but it's different with you're there 
in the flesh.  It is also very arousing." Thomas said looking down at his 
hardening cock, "It seem rather narcissistic though doesn't it?" he 
continued looking back up at Will.

 "A little, but then we've always been a bit narcissistic." Will replied and
then jumping into bed he said, "Now get in bed and show me how great a fuck
I am."

 Crawling into bed Thomas move on top of him with their dicks rubbing
together both of which were hard at this point extended out to their full 
nine inches.  He began exploring Will's body, knowing it like his own, 
which in truth it really was, he began gently licking Will's nipples, 
first the left then the right bushing them with his bread from time to 
time until both of them stood erect amongst the forest of fur on Will's 
chest.

 Seeing that Will had closed his eyes and was enjoying the attention Thomas
asked, "I take it that is one of those pleasurable things you can do with a
beard?"

 "One of them." Will replied, smiling but not opening his eyes.

 Thomas continued licking on down Will's body occasionally twisting some of
the hair that covered his chest and stomach around his tongue until he 
reached the forest of fur from the center of which spouted his hard 
cock.  Gently, Thomas began licking just the tip and the sensitive 
underside of the head, then worked his way down the thick shaft until his 
tongue was lapping at Will's large, furry balls.  Remembering what he 
liked Thomas took each of Will's balls into his mouth and gently sucked 
them raising Will's legs up so that he could massage Will's ass with the 
fur on his chin as the same time.  Will let out a moan of pleasure when 
he felt the dual sensation of having his balls sucked and his asshole 
tickled by Thomas' beard.  Thomas then started heading back to the head 
of Will's cock slowly brushing his beard against the shaft as he traveled 
the length of it.

 "Ahhh.  Those are a couple more of them." Will said getting a dreamy look
on his face.

 Reaching the tip of Will's cock Thomas began to gently lower his mouth over
it making sure that his beard and moustache brushed along it as he 
swallowed it all.  Moving gently, Thomas began to slowly move his head up 
and down, in and out and, at the same time, began probing Will's asshole.

 All of this action had Thomas' cock as hard as it could get and dripping
pre-cum.  He took his mouth off of Will's straining cock and when Will opened
his eyes in protest, he motioned for him to turn over onto his stomach.  Will
did so fully understanding since their thoughts were so alike.

 Thomas started rubbing his bread along Will's crack.  With that Will pulled
his knees up to spread his cheeks wider for Thomas.  Thomas began to slowly
lick Will's asshole occasionally sweeping across it with his chin getting it
ready for what was to follow.  When he saw that his asshole was well
lubricated he placed the head of his throbbing cock against it slowly 
wiped it up and down smearing it with the slippery pre-cum that was 
seeping from his own cock.

 He slowly began pushing until he had about half of his nine inches buried
in Will's ass.  Pausing for a second to let Will get used to the feeling, he
suddenly thrust his entire length in.  Will let out a moan that was a mixture
of pain and pleasure.  All the way in his ass, Thomas began fucking him
passionately.  He also reached around Will's moaning body and started beating
him off, keeping a regular rhythm and trying to make them both cum together.
After just a few moments of this hot action, Thomas felt the cum rise from
his balls and Will's hot cock get even harder.  Suddenly, Thomas felt his 
spunk spurt from his straining cock into Will's clenching asshole and, at 
exactly the same time, felt the warm, sticky fluid surging from Will's 
cock all over his hand.

 Rolling over on their sides they cuddled until Thomas's soft dick finally
slid out of Will's ass.

 Thomas rolled over on his back and said, "That was great.  I can't remember
the last time I enjoyed myself, literally, that much."

 Laughing at the joke Will turned over on top and pushed his chest up against
Thomas' feeling the hair on both of their chests rubbing together.  He than
said, "It isn't over yet." and then covered Thomas' mouth with his own.  They
kissed long and hard.  Will began rubbing his beard against Thomas' and
brushing it against his neck and ears as he slowly kissed them.

 Feeling Will's once again hard cock press up against his leg Thomas said, "I
guess it isn't." and pulled his knees up to his chest as Will moved around
between his legs.

 Spitting in his hand Will began to re-lubricate his cock, sticky and still
a bit slick from his own cum.  Pressing the head of his dick against Thomas'
tight hole he started slowly sliding it in.

 "Slowly big boy!" Thomas said.

 "None of that Thomas," Will said with a grin, "we both know you can take it
if I can."

 "I guess you're right." Thomas said pushing his ass up so he could get more
of Will's cock in him as his own cock started to hardened again.

 Sticking it in about two inches Will pulled all the way back out.  Then
steadying himself with one arm and holding his cock in his other hand for
better control pushed it back in a few inches and then pulled it all the way
out again.  Now that he had the aim right Will began quickly plunging in
a few inches and then fully withdrawing again and again.

 Thomas let out a gasp as he felt his asshole forced open and re-tighten
again each time Will plunged back in and then withdrew his cock.  It was like
continually reliving the anticipation of penetration and he didn't want it to
stop.  He reached down and spread his butt cheeks wider apart, wanting Will
to plunge in deeper, but also not wanting the current sensation to end.

 The sensation of repeated initial penetration over and over, was finally too
much for Thomas to take and he started squirting cum all over his chest.  At
the same time Will's balls tightened and he plunged all the way in filling
Thomas with a large load of hot cum.  After several more thrusts Will
collapsed on top of Thomas and they hugged.

 "So where did you learn that?  It wasn't anything I remember hearing about."
Thomas asked.

 "It was taught to me by a miner on Hurdel II when I was on leave a few years
ago." Will replied hugging him tighter.

 Spent from their afternoon of love making they curled up in one another's
arms and fell asleep.


  **


 After waking up Will said, "Why don't we go out and get something to eat?"
"We could just get something from the replicator." Thomas said.  "I know, but
we've got six more days and we'll be seeing a lot of this room I hope." Will
said with a devilish grin.  "You bet we will!" Thomas exclaimed as he got up
and started to dress.

 While walking to the replomat Thomas stopped them and pointed over to a
young man talking to a Cardassian.  "Look at him.  He definitely looks
doable."

 "I wonder what he has under that Starfleet uniform." Will replied.  

 Just then Major Kira walked up and said, "Hello Commander," and then 
looking over to Thomas, "and Lieutenant.  I'm sorry about the trouble you 
had boarding the station, Odo explained the situation to me.  I wish 
O'Brien would get these cranky Cardassian computers working right, it 
should have notified Odo automatically about the circumstances when the 
security system noticed the anomaly.  I would hate for Bajor to get a 
reputation as being hostile to visitors."

 "No hard feelings here Major.  I'm sure we can expect to run into similar
problems elsewhere." said Thomas, "Speaking of Cardassians, who is the
officer talking to the Cardassian over there?"

 Looking over her shoulder Kira said, "That's our chief medical officer, Dr.
Bashir.  Why do you ask?"

 "Nothing important, I was just wondering who would be talking to a
Cardassian on a Bajorian station." Thomas replied.

 "The Cardassian is Garak, he claims to be a simple clothier, however Julian
thinks he's a Cardassian spy, and frankly I agree with him, I just hope he
comes up with evidence to prove it some day so we can get him off the
station." Kira said with a little disgust in her voice.  Reverting back 
to a smile she said, "I hope you two enjoy your vacation here.  And you 
shouldn't have any more security problems."

 "We have been enjoying it so far." Will said with a smile remember how they
had spent the afternoon.

 "I wish I had more time to hear about your situation, unfortunately I have
duties to deal with right now.  Hopefully I'll have more time later to talk
to you two about it." Kira said and continued on her way.

 After Kira walked away Thomas asked, "Well what do you think partner?"

 "I say go for it.  We can always try a Riker sandwich with Bashir the
meat in the middle." Will said.

 "Just what I was thinking." Thomas said.

 With that they headed towards Bashir and Garak, all thoughts of the
replomat forgotten...
