Star date 060992.530

It has not been long since I have been assigned to the Enterprise, I
have just finished my probation time.  It is no secret that I find
Commander Riker very attractive. The gods know that I have tried to be
in every situation imaginable to be near him.

Today I came in front of the Board for promotional purposes.  I have not
been an ensign for too long, but have worked on getting promoted very
hard.  

"Ensign Padula report to the Captain's ready room," sounded over my
room's speaker.  I was nervous, but reported to the Captain.  I stopped
in front of the door and try to get myself presentable for the Captain.
"Come in." came from behind the door, but it was not Captain Pickard's
voice.  My heart was pounding now.  I'd flunked.

"Ensign Padula reporting SIR!"  With this, I snapped to attention
looking straight ahead. "You may stand at ease Lt. Padula," was Riker's
response.  I got the promotion...great!

So I got myself in the position and looked at Cdr. Riker's eyes.  What a
man!  If he only knew how much I admire him...and in which ways!

"SIR!" I said.  "Congratulations Lt., you got your promotion.  I hope
that this will motivate you to keep working as you have been.  You will
be assigned to a special task group, in which I am in charge, for the
Captain's Away Team," was Riker's response.  "Thank You SIR!" was my
response. You may relax, Lt.....  "Anything you'd like to say?" Riker
asked.  "Yes SIR!.  May I speak candidly?"  " Yes Lt.," was his
response.  I wanted to say so many things, but had to keep in mind my
position. "SIR, I am very happy to be serving on the Enterprise and
this is like a dream come true for me.  I always wanted to serve here,
because I know how excellence is a priority on the Enterprise."  I kept
on talking until Cdr. Riker asked me what did I plan to do to celebrate.
He looked at me in a way that I have not seen before.  "Well, Uh, SIR, I
have no friends at the Enterprise, I just haven't been here long enough,
so I guess it will be just me and I...."  "Well, I'll treat you to a
drink on Ten Forward Lt.," he said.  "Okay SIR!"  "Let's go," he replied,
giving me a handshake that sent shivers all the way up my spine.

Ten Forward was deserted, it was early evening...just Cdr. Riker, Guinan
and I.  We sat by one window; Guinan came to us.  "Congratulations
Andy," said Guinan.  "Thanks Guinan," I politely replied.  "What can I
get for you guys?" she asked with a funny look in her eyes.  "We are
celebrating my promotion.  By the way, news travels very fast here," I
said.  "You bet," said Guinan winking at me.  We order Velussian Torks; one
for me and one for Riker.  I thanked him not knowing what the hell that
was.

So here I was under the stars with the man I wanted to be with.  Will
was so mysterious to me and I guess I was as interesting to him as he
was to me.  The drinks came by; Guinan sat with us.  We chatted and
laughed, I could not believe that this man was capable of so many
emotions, but I guess he let his guard down for today. 

"I understand you are from Mbuna in the Venturi System."

" Yes SIR."

"I have never met anyone from that part of the galaxy, . Your people
are an interesting race," he said.

"I come from the old city of MKNABAR.  I believe we are special in a way."

"Well Cdr. Riker, you should go there sometime and see for yourself, you
may find it very intriguing," Guinan interjected as she poured some more
of..what was that?  AH!  Velussian Tork.  As I was going to talk, the
loudspeaker went off, "Cdr. Riker, please report to the Bridge."

"God, this always happens when I am having a good time....  Acknowledged.
Well Andy congratulations, I have to go," he said.  He shook my hand and
left me with Guinan; he left us celebrating.  

"So what are you up to?" Guinan inquisitively asked.  "Well not much.  I
have been assigned to the Away Team with Will.  What I wanted the most,
and what I feared the most is happening!  I like him very much."

I continued the conversation with Guinan for a little more, then I told
her I had to get myself ready for tomorrow's mission.  Just an excuse to
go and rest.  She knew that.  She kissed me in the Mbunar way and I left
for my room.

I fixed my uniform for the next day and was trying it on.  I looked great
with my Lieutenant's brass on.  Great feeling of accomplishment.

I laid on my bed thinking about him, about his green eyes, and about his
sensual lips. I thought about how much I wanted to be with him, to
caress him in a special way.  I was getting aroused, when I heard someone
at the door.  I answered the door and Cdr. Riker stepped in; I snapped to
attention.  He told me to be at ease.  He just wanted to inform me
personally about tomorrow's assignment.  We will be arriving at Nirvana
5 and he will need my expertise as a Science Officer.  He also wanted to
tell me that we were going to stay there for 4 days.

Saying this, he looked at me straight into my eyes; he had the same look
he'd had before.  "Anything wrong, Sir?" I asked.  "No - just have been
very tense lately and your eyes have a relaxing tone," he replied.
Yeah, right!  I thought I was smooth and cool!  I thanked him for his
compliment.

I offered him Velussian Tork.  He was glad I liked it.  I motion him to
the couch, then I sat beside him.  "It's pretty good!" I said.  He seemed
nervous; maybe he had too many things going on in his mind, probably
tomorrow's assignment.  "Cheers."  We clicked our glasses.  My heart was
pounding like crazy and I did not know what to do next....

"Sir you look beat," I said.  As I said this, I got up and started to
massage his neck muscles.  He was relaxing while talking about life and
how lonely he felt without anyone by his side to share.  "You know...more
than a friend or a buddy, someone who can relate to my work and me," he
said as he laid back on the couch.  "Sir, maybe you need to be intimate
with a woman," was my answer.  "Call me Will.  I want to be friends with
you...sometimes I get tired of such stiff discipline," he said as he
stretched out on the couch.  As he laid down, my head was ready to
explode.  I took his shirt off, as he laid on his stomach, and started to
put some sweet ginger oil on his skin.  I still could not believe he
was here; especially with me not even thinking about it.  If I was going
to make a move on him, it had to be tonight.

"Just relax Sir, I mean Will.  Maybe you're so involved in your work,
that you can't see who or whom are interested in you," I said.  "That may
be true Andy," was his response.  We kept on talking as I was having the
time of my life rubbing his back, caressing him with my hands.  I asked
him to turn around and then proceeded with his chest.  Well defined...not
much hair, but wide and strong.  He was going to say something; I just
told him to relax and let himself go.  "Computer...Androka # 5," I
requested.  Flute music...Earth...Andes...19th century.  Soft flute music
inundated the room.  It seemed like a tropical breeze was in the room;
you could almost smell the sand and the sea from South America.

Suddenly, he sat up and looked straight into my eyes.  I was taken by
surprise.  I looked at him; he got closer; my heart was pounding like a
drum.  He grabbed me and kissed me.  I thought I was in heaven.  His body
energy travelled all over me, sending new emotions around my spine.  I
let myself go and fell on top of him.  We kept on kissing, deeply and
furiously, like if we had no time to waste.  So many thoughts went
through my head; God, his arms felt so good around me.  He was now on
top, moving his hips in a fucking motion as he was kissing my neck.  He
grabbed my cock and started to jerk it inside my uniform.  It did not
take long before the fabric was not in the way anymore; we were now naked
and exploring each other's bodies.

His tongue was probing every place in my body.  He was looking at me
while he fed his eight inch cock down my throat.  He tasted so good; he
was fucking my face so nicely, I did not want him to stop.  "God you
are a good cocksucker, take it like a man.  Eat that meat," he said out
loud.  Suddenly he pulled his cock out of my mouth; my throat felt so
empty, but not for long.  He shoved his hard cock down my throat again.
He took his cock out, got up and kissed me.  He was now maneuvering
himself on top of me.  I could feel his hard cock against my thighs.
He pushed it between them and was now poking my ass.  "You know what I
want, don't you?" he asked.  "I know what I want...probably the same
thing you want," was my reply.  I stuck my fingers in his mouth, then
I started fingering myself.  As I lubricated my ass with his saliva, he
looked at me and said, "I'll give you something better to get in your
ass, Lieutenant."  Saying this, he raised my knees toward my chest with
his strong hands.  I could feel the head of his cock starting to press
against my butt.  He pushed and I moaned.  He pushed some more and I
moaned again: he just had the head in.  Oh God...it hurt so good.  He
kept on feeding my butt with his cock, inch by inch...like to tease me
and make me beg for the whole thing.  I felt his balls against my butt;
now his eight inches were deep inside me.  "Oh Andy, your ass is so warm
and sweet."  He said this as he was thrusting his manhood inside of me.

As he was fucking me, his mouth was working on my nipples; he nibbled
them and tortured them with his hot mouth.  His beard was nice on my
skin; I liked the way they scratched my chest.  I could feel my ass
stretching every time he would pull out and ram it all the way in.
"Yes, you need someone to take care of that ass, don't you?   A real
man, someone who can thrust deep and make you feel this way."  He was
driving me crazy.

His hands were working on my chest; I started to lick his fingers.  His
overpowering body was deep inside me.  I could feel his manhood throbbing
up my ass.  His balls slapping my butt every time he thrusted deeper.  Oh
God I was going to cum; his cock got bigger and harder.  His tempo was
getting fast.  I could see sweat coming down his face and chest.  I knew
it would not be long before he....  "OH Andy, I am going to give you my
fuck juice, I am going to give you the seed of my life!"  He was pumping
very hard now; his cock was so thick...it felt like a baseball bat up my
ass.  He let out a loud cry - like a Klingon warrior; his cock got real
hard.  Then I felt a sudden fire in my guts as his load hit my insides;
gush after gush of his load.  That was enough to make me cum.  With each
thrust of his massive cock, a gush of my own jism spurted; I thought it
would never end.  I had never experienced such an orgasm.

He collapsed on top of me.  He looked at me and said, "We have to do this
more often."  After that he kissed me and we fell asleep; his cock was
still inside of me.  


Star date 061092.530

I woke up, it was 5 in the morning.  I turned around and he was there;
it was not a dream.  "Good morning Will," I said as I woke him up.
"Gooooooood Morning Andy," he said as he kissed me.  "We have to get
ready for today's mission,"  He did not let me finish and pulled me
back to bed.  "I got your mission right here," he said as he grabbed
his already hard cock.
