Archive-name: 3plus/risk.txt
Archive-author: Pam
Archive-title: Risking it all

    I've always been a risk taker, and this has carried over into my sex
life in the form of having sex in public or semi-public places.  Usually,
I'm pretty sure there is only a very slim chance of getting caught, but the
idea of having hot sex in a place that people can see us has always been a
thrill for me. Just recently I did have a lot of fun with this, and being
that it involved a threesome it was that much more exciting.
    A girlfriend of mine that I'll call "Suzie" was born on New Year's day
and was celebrating her 20th birthday.  Her boyfriend "Steve" and her went
out for dinner and dancing on New Year's eve and celebrated her birthday
practically from December 31st until Tuesday morning when I came by to wish
her happy birthday.  Suzie is a great looking blonde, and she's always had
guys chasing her.  She's about 5'3", 105 pounds and her figure is a trim and
tight 34D-22-33.  Yes she's busty for her size and that turns on the guys as
well as me.  Suzie and I had long ago discovered each other and many times
we pleased each other when our boyfriends left us.  We like men most, but we
love each other as only two women can.  Suzie's looks are terrific, since she
has golden blonde hair, blue eyes, perfect complexion, and she tans so nice.
I'm no ugly duckling (if I do say so myself), but next to Suzi it seems guys
don't know I exist.  I'm 23 years old, 5'5" and 115 pounds, with dark brown
hair, grey eyes, and my figure is pretty good (34b-23-34).  Suzie's boyfriend
(currently) is Steve.  Ladies, he's a HUNK!  Steve is 5'10", 180 pounds and
nicely muscular and trim.  He's got almost black/brown hair and a moustache
that's neatly trimmed, and his face is really handsome.  The two things that
just melt girls around him are his light green eyes and (if you excite him)
a nice 8 inch dick that just feels so massive.  All that and he's only 21!
    It was about four in the afternoon when I stopped by to see Suzi and wish
her happy birthday.  She and Steve were lounging around still in their robes
and watching the football games.  Actually, Steve was watching and Suzie was
reading a romance novel.  Suzi greeted me and accepted the present I had for
her.  We kissed briefly in the entry way to their third floor apartment.  I
kissed Steve hello and started talking with Suzie.  Suzie opened her present
and found a very sexy camisole top and matching tap pants in lavender.  She
hugged me and kissed me for such a nice present, and showed Steve.  Steve
just sort of looked and smiled, say "that's nice" and went back to his game.
Suzie grabbed my hand and pulled me to the bedroom so she could try on her
present and talk to me at the same time.
    I sat on the bed watching Suzie put on the top and tap pants.  She was
really pleased and they fit her perfectly.  Her breasts wriggled seductively
underneath the slinky material of the camisole and her nipples stood up very
quickly.  We giggled about.  Finally Suzie told me that she'd been wanting to
do something to spice up her relationship with Steve.  Not long after she met
Steve, the three of us shared a bed together and it was a lot of fun, but that
was the only time.  Now it seemed that their sex life was getting "boring".
I asked for more, and Suzie said that it was really pretty good, but it was
not "exciting", or "new" anymore.  Always in the bed, always starting at night,
and always pretty much the same things.  Ideas formed in my head and I asked
her if she and Steve had ever had sex in strange places.  She shook her head
and said that Steve would never go for it.  We made some plans then, and we
went into the other room to tell Steve.
    Steve was sitting on the sofa watching a game.  Suzie and I came out
and stood looking at him for a minute.  "Steve, let's all go out for dinner
tonight." Suzie said.  Steve looked at us and smiled, saying he'd rather stay
home and have a quiet night. (ha!).  Now it was my turn.  "Are you sure?  I
thought we'd have dinner and come back and drive Suzie wild all night." I said
coyly.  While I said this I reached up and squeezed Suzie's left breast and
teased her already hard nipple with my finger.  Steve just stared at us for
a long minute. "Well, if you don't want to go to dinner, I can go by myself,
and go home afterwards." I said.  Now Suzie was running her hand over my
ass and between my legs, shifting her weight back and forth sensuously.  She
looked at Steve and said "Pleeeeaasse baby?"   Steve of course caved in with
the promise of two hot women tonight.  Steve went and showered while I told
Suzie part of my plan (I wanted to surprise her with the rest of it later).
"We should stay out late, and come back here.  After that the bedroom is off
limits, so that gives us the rest of the house.  We need to pace ourselves
so he's not worn out, because about one-thirty or two a.m. I'm going to give
you both a really exciting time!"  Suzie pressed for more information and I
told her to scoot for her shower (and tease Steve a bit too).  Steve came out
fresh and clean, dressed nicely and made some phone calls for reservations.
    At seven, we were in the lounge of the restaurant, have a drink and
taking turns at some dances.  Just after eight, we were seated for dinner and
having a really good time.  The cubby where we sat was semi-circular and we
put poor Steve in the middle.  All the time the waiter or waitress was standing
at our table, either Suzie or I would reach under and rub our hands against
his bulge.  Unfortunately, we were near the end of a well traveled aisle and
the table cloth wasn't long enough, but I teased Steve about giving him head
while he and Suzie sat at the table.  Suzie and I giggled and I think his
cock would've burst out of his pants if our soup didn't arrive just then.
After dinner, we stayed and talked for a while (still teasing Steve too). When
we saw that many tables were empty, we went back to the lounge and danced for
about nintey minutes.  Steve is a good dancer and Suzie and I were having a
lot of fun, but it was almost midnight.  On the way home in the car, I sat
in the back seat (bucket seats darn it) while we drove through some heavy
rain to get home.  I sat back and hissed to Suzi, and while she watched I
slipped my panties off from under my skirt and spread my legs for her.  She
grinned and took my panties.  "See how hot and bothered you've gotten Pam?"
She asked Steve, showing him my damp panties.  Steve craned his neck around
and looked into the dark back seat.  Street lamps gave him just a glimpse of
my wide open pussy with my finger inside it.  Suzie reminded him to watch
where he was going.
    We got back to the apartment (Suzie had put my panties in her purse) and
almost attacked each other.  Finally, we had Steve sit down on the sofa and
watch us do each other on the floor.  Suzie told him not to come because he
was going to get a special present from both of us later.  I let Suzi lay
back and enjoy while I gave her head, making her come quickly.  I wanted to
get both Suzie and Steve really hot for later.  After holding Suzie for a bit
and kissing her all over, she was ready to do me.  I straddled her face and
let her lick me.  I didn't want to come too fast, but I did, and I kept on
coming as long as Suzie licked.  I rolled off and looked up at Steve and he
looked ready to explode.  Suzie started giving him head slowly, making him
wait.  We both teased the poor guy until we thought he'd die.  Then, about
one-thirty, I told them we were going to do something "kinky".  Steve was
ready for anything and Suzie was just about as hot.  The three of us moved
to the entry hall by the front door.  I told Suzie to suck on Steve and I
laid down to lick her pussy, saying "The next time I come over, just remember
us doing this in the hall".
    We traded places after a Suzie came twice (she tastes great too!) and I
took my turn giving Steve's cock a licking.  After I came twice, I looked up
at Steve and asked him if he'd like to fuck me from behind.  At this point,
I think Steve would've fucked a crocodile!  The apartment building they
lived in was pretty new, and they'd only moved in just after Thanksgiving.
It was a three story building with enclosed halls and stairwells, and they
had a corner apartement.  This meant that their door was well recessed from
the hallway, like being at one end at the top of a "T".  The stairwell was
offset from the hallway (the stem of the "T") and just across the hallway
from their door.  Most of the apartements on the third floor were still
vacant, with most of the people at the far end of the building near the small
elevator.
    We moved around a bit and Suzie stood while Steve entered me from behind.
Suzie was standing in front of me, letting me lick her clit while she leaned
against the wall next to the front door.  After Steve really started to pound
my pussy, I reached up and opened the door wide open.  Suzie started and
Steve froze instantly with his cock buried in my pussy. "Are you crazy?" He
half whispered.  I pulled back from Suzie's mound and smiled.  "Everyone's
asleep so they can go to work tomorrow, so who's going to see?  Or do you
want me to go home?" I said wickedly.  Steve started to slide in and out of
my dripping pussy and then started to pound me again.  I could tell that he
wanted to come and get it over with quick so we'd close the door, but that
wasn't what I'd planned.  Just when I thought he was close, I pulled away
from him and told Suzie to take my place.  I'd sucked her really close to
comming so I expected her to come just as soon as Steve began to ram her pussy
with his hard dick.  Steve started to slide in and out of her and I asked
Suzie if she wanted me to come in her mouth.  Of course she did, she really
liked it when she made me come.  I moved a bit and stood in the doorway with
my hands against each side of the door and my legs wide.  "Then lick my cunt
baby!" I whispered to her.  Suzie crawed forward, bringing Steve with her.
She licked my pussy in the open door feverishly.  Steve was starting to move
fast and hard against Suzie's rump and I could tell he was about to come.
I stepped back from the door and out into the hallway about one step, listening
for anyone and bekoning Suzie to follow.  In her lust crazed state she did,
and now Steve was almost outside the door too.  He was decidedly nervous and
that was affecting the timing of his orgasm.  I leaned over Suzie's back and
whispered to Steve "maybe you'd like to come on Suzie's tits and watch me
lick them off out here."  That kind of thing always gets to guys and Steve was
no exception.  He moaned and started to shake.  Suzie heard what I said and
she quickly pulled away and turned around, taking Steve's pent up sperm all
over her chest and tits.  Suzie pumped his cock with both hands, until he was
spent, then let me lick him off.  We were about three feet outside their
front door, in the small alcove formed by their side of the "T" crossbar. I
started to suck Steve hard again over his questions and protests about going
back inside.  Suzie giggled quietly and watched lustily while I sucked.  She
was fingering herself which gave me a really wicked idea.
    I turned around on all fours and told Steve to fuck me with his big
cock and make me come all over the place.  Steve slid into me and started to
move slowly at first.  I told Suzie that I wanted her to watch her boyfriend
fuck me, and she agreed.  The hallway wasn't cold, but it wasn't as warm as
the apartment, but the feeling added to my excitement for sure.  I told Suzie
I wanted her to stand in the doorway at the top of the stairwell and watch us
fuck each other hard while she masturbated.   Suzie looked a bit scared.  She
peered around the corner of the hallway and then went over and stood at the
top of the stairwell.  Suzie nervously looked around for a while but Steve's
hammering against my pussy made me start to moan softly and that brought Suzie's
hand to her golden bush.  I hissed in a low voice to Steve "Look at your girl-
friend standing there finger-fucking herself."  I was rewarded by Steve's
cock throbbing and slamming me hard.  I could feel a lucious climax starting
deep inside me.  Steve's hand were on my hips, pulling me back and impaling
me on his thick cock.  I looked up and saw Suzie was leaning against the
door frame on the verge of her own orgasm.  Her breasts were still shiny from
Steve's come and they jiggled while Suzie fingered herself hard and fast. I
wanted to help her and in a loud whisper said "lay down over here, I want to
eat you."  I pointed to a spot on the carpet that was right in the middle of
the hall where the hallways meet.  Suzie glided over and laid down and I
crawled over to her, Steve staying right with me.  Suzie lifted and spread
her legs and I bent down and started sucking her clit, flicking my tounge
all around it, and down her slit to taste her thick delicous honey.  Suzie
moaned and Steve began to slamming me with long deep strokes.  Suzie was just
starting to come, her hips rocking up against my face when Steve reached under
me and used his fingers on my clit.  Unexpected I cried out against Suzie's
cunt, just as she started coming.  I felt Steve jam his cock inside me and
hold it there while it throbbed as gushed it's juice into me.  His throbbing
set me off and I came too, feeling wave after wave of sheer estacy fill me.
When I came back to reality, I still had my face between Suzie's legs and
she was getting set to come again.  Steve did something I'll never forget,
and I want him to do again.  He stayed inside me, but picked me up by my
hips and turned me around so Suzie could eat my pussy.  He sat me down over
her face and pulled out quickly, sort of uncorking my filled pussy.  His hand
shoved me down onto Suzie's mouth and she started licking and sucking his come
from my truly dripping cunt.  We both started coming and couldn't have stopped
if the whole White House press corps showed up.
    Sitting in the middle of the hallway, sweaty and dripping we all were
catching our breath.  Then we heard the elevator bell ring and we scampered
back inside the apartment.  Suzie and I hugged each other and giggled, her
breasts slippery against me with Steve's sperm.  Suzie reached between my
legs and rubbed my sensitive (and a bit tender) pussy, feeling how slick and
wet my vulva and thighs were.  Steve came over and surprised us both by tell-
ing us that that was the most exciting sex he'd ever had.
    We showered together and went to bed together.  Steve watched while
Suzie and I got each other off again, then Steve came in my mouth while Suzie
licked his balls.  We curled up together and the three of us called in "sick"
to work the next day just so we could recover.   And yes, we've done that since
and it is still exciting!

Pam.
--
