Archive-name: Bestial/ritamax.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Rita and Max


     My name is Rita and I want to share something with you.  It's
something I discovered innocently enough a year or so ago but which, I
must confess, I have nurtured with total disregard for any innocence. 

     My husband is a foreman at a steel mill and, at times when the
work-load is heavy, he is required to work long hours.  The mill
sometimes operates seven days a week and when Russ comes home (sometimes
late at night - sometimes early in the morning after a double) he is
tired.  Too tired to give me the attention I'd like to have once in a
while. 

     I am twenty-seven years old and have been told often enough that I
am "A gooood lookin' woman!" (as some of Russ's friends like to say).  I
had gained some extra weight when I was pregnant with our son, Russ
Junior, and after he was born I had a devil of a time losing it.  But
that was seven years ago and I have managed to stay in shape pretty well
just by watching what I eat and by the normal exercise I get while
working around the house.  Some days I make enough trips up and down the
stairs to qualify for a marathon!  I also have an exercise cycle that I
sometimes ride in the living room in front of the TV. 

     Early last spring our neighbors across the street asked if I would
take care of their dog, Max, while they were away on a three-week
vacation.  I couldn't very well turn them down.  They knew I was at home
all day and probably assumed I'd be over-joyed at the opportunity to
show my good will.  My mind told me that I really didn't want to accept
the burden (a small burden, granted, but still a burden) but I didn't
know how to refuse graciously. 

     Russ and Russ Junior thought it was great!  Russ Junior had taken
to playing with Max when he was out and loved the way he howled.  Max is
a beagle, mostly brown with a few black and white splotches here and
there on his back.  Even I, not the world's greatest dog lover, thought
he was a good looking dog and he seemed to be well behaved.  We had his
blanket and food bowl in a corner of the kitchen and he seemed to make
himself right at home after the first day. 

     On the first Monday Max was with us, Russ was working (as always)
and Russ Junior was at school (1st grade).  I had finished my housework
by lunch time and, after eating, I moved my exer-cycle into the living
room so I could work out while watching my soaps.  By the time I had
ridden my regular ten miles in thirty minutes I had worked up a
respectable sweat and decided to lay on the floor for a while and catch
my breath.  We have a big over-stuffed pillow that usually sits on the
sofa or on the floor next to it that I like to lay on when I watch TV. I
was on my stomach, the pillow sort of bunched up under my chest with my
arms wrapped around under it.

     I became totally engrossed in the program I was watching and I had
completely forgotten Max was even in the house.  I was wearing one of
Russ's T-shirts and a pair of soft cotton shorts and when Max walked
silently up between my slightly parted legs and pushed his nose up into
my crotch I screamed like the devil was after me!  I was on my feet in
an instant, yelling at the stupid dog to "stay the hell away from me"
and to "not EVER do that again." 

     Even while I was screaming at him I knew I was being overly harsh
but I couldn't help it.  He had scared the daylights out of me!
Naturally, after my first scream, Max disappeared around the corner into
the safety of the kitchen and I followed him as I sternly impressed on
him what kind of behavior I expected.  He was huddled in the corner on
his blanket, his eyes about as big as saucers staring at me. 

     I went back into the living room and sat on the sofa, still
trembling a little from the excitement.  I couldn't get my mind back on
the program though.  I felt ashamed for having screamed at Max and,
after a few minutes, walked back out into the kitchen with the intention
of apologizing.  Maybe that sounds really crazy, apologizing to a dog,
but I knew it was the only thing I could do...... 

     Max shrunk back into the corner tightly as I approached and I could
see that he was shaking in fright.  God, talk about make a person feel
guilty!  I reached out to pet his head, talking softly. 

     "I'm sorry, Max", I said.  His ears perked up and he lifted his
face out of the blanket.  "Yesss, Rita is sorry for yelling at the poor
fella." He tried to lick my hand and I didn't stop him, letting him lick
while using my other hand to scratch behind his ears.  "Did you smell
something good between my sweaty old legs", I asked.  "You should always
ask first before putting your nose between a lady's legs, don't you
know?" My tone of voice must have convinced him that I wasn't mad at him
any longer and he was soon standing up, his tail wagging a mile a
minute. 

     I invited him to come back into the living room with me and he
followed eagerly as I went in and sat on the sofa.  I don't know what
part of my brain was controlling me then, but I sat on the front edge of
the cushion and slouched back, half lying there.  I held my knees apart
in an obvious invitation to Max and didn't make a move to discourage
him.  Sure enough....... with only the slightest hesitation, he wagged
himself as if propelled by his tail right up between my legs and buried
his nose in my crotch.  What he was doing was completely contrary to
everything I'd learned about what a dog should be allowed to do but I
wanted to see what he'd do next.  I sat there like that and rubbed his
ears for him as he sniffed and prodded me.  When he began licking the
crotch of my shorts, I almost made him stop ........ but I didn't. 

     It felt nice and, after all, Max certainly wasn't going to tell
anyone what he'd been doing!  Sometimes his tongue would stray a little
and I'd feel it on the bare skin of my thigh and I'd squirm a little
from the roughness of it.  Max was whining as if frustrated and I knew I
was going to take my pants off for him, that strange part of my brain
sending out the signals for me to follow. 

     "Are those mean old pants in your way, Max", I asked him.  "Do you
want me to take them off?" 

     If he could have spoken, I'm sure he would have told me because he
backed up a bit as if to give me room to stand, his tail swinging wildly
and rapping against the leg of the coffee table.  I stood and quickly
slipped out of my shorts and panties, dropping them to the floor next to
my feet.  Max's head followed them down and he nosed them around a
little as I sat once again.  He didn't waste his time on the pants,
instead returning to his place between my knees.  I reached out with
both hands in a moment of indecision, one covering my shamefully naked
crotch and the other holding his very insistent nose away.  I rubbed his
ears thoughtfully while struggling with better judgement and slowly
resigned myself to go ahead with it....... 

     "Are you sure you want to lick Rita's wet pussy", I asked him
playfully as he began whining again.  I felt really strange using such
coarse language but it seemed somehow appropriate to the strange
occasion. 

     When his cold nose touched my hot skin I thought I'd go crazy!  He
quickly zeroed in on the spot he was interested in and buried his nose
between the lips of my cunt.  My God!  The sensation was indescribable!
I wanted so badly to push him away but his nose warmed rapidly and he
started licking again..... and I didn't WANT to push him away any more.
His nose was prodding me and I could feel his hot breath panting there.
His tongue moved up and down over my anus, apparently tasting a bit
salty or something.  I carefully eased myself back to lean against the
rear cushions of the sofa, releasing my grip on his ears, and I just
laid there for the longest time while Max treated me to an experience
I'd only HEARD about.  I held the tip of my middle finger on the
throbbing bud of my clit and rubbed it around in small circles as his
rough tongue continued to stroke up and down between my lips over and
over. 

     I was cumming almost before I realized it was happening and I
stared down at Max through glassy eyes as my hips moved of their own
accord in a somewhat pagan rhythm. Wave after wave of pleasure gripped
me and I found myself once again squeezing Max's ears to hold him still
so I wouldn't go mad!  I gently pushed him away then because I had
become so sensitive that his tongue was beginning to hurt my skin. 

     "Thank you, Max", I said.  "You're a real gentleman." He almost
seemed to smile and I laughed nervously, suddenly feeling a little
guilty for letting him do what he did.  "But this will have to be our
little secret.  Do you understand me?  If you try that when someone else
is here, I'll paddle you GOOD!!!" 

     He seemed to understand somehow because he turned then a walked
slowly back out into the kitchen.  I went to my bedroom for some dry
pants and put them on, still feeling a little weak.  When I peeked
around the corner into the kitchen, there was Max on his blanked, busy
licking himself. 

     I retreated into the living room then thinking, "That's a good boy.
You'll have to do THAT for yourself." 

     I couldn't seem to get back into my soaps again though and I sat
there on the sofa sort of day-dreaming about what had happened.  Russ
had never ever even hinted that he might be willing to do what Max had
done ..... and my up-bringing prevented me from asking him to.  The few
times I'd given him head were tolerable but I hadn't enjoyed it.  I did
it because Russ wanted me to....... 

     For the remainder of that first week, Max and I played our little
game each day.  I tried to tend to my housework each morning to get it
out of the way, the excitement building to a peak by the time lunch was
over.  I made it a point to give myself a good workout on the bike so
I'd be nice and sweaty for him ......  I surmised that that was what had
attracted him to me in the first place. 

     I think it was Friday that I followed Max out to his blanket when
he had finished with me.  I sat cross-legged on the floor next to him
and watched as he licked endlessly at the red shaft protruding from his
hairy sheath. 

     "Would you like Rita to help you with that, Max", I asked, shocking
myself with my own words.  He looked so pitiful.  He looked up at me as
I rested my hand lightly on his leg.  I wasn't at all sure whether I
would go through with it, and when I moved my hand over to touch the
glistening tip of his penis with my finger I decided that maybe THAT
would be carrying it too far.  But Max rolled over onto his side then,
lifting his leg up for me.  About two inches of his penis was showing
through the opening in his sheath and it felt very warm under my finger.
I gently explored with my fingers, feeling the length and rigidness of
his slender little boner.  Growing a little more bold, I moved the soft
sheath up and down along his shaft slowly, not quite able to pull it all
the way up to cover the tip of his penis but able to expose another two
inches or so when pushing the loose skin back toward his sack. 

     Feeling a bit queezy in my stomach at the idea of jacking off a
dog, I almost stopped.  But that other part of my brain won out and I
continued......  I gripped him a little more firmly, not able to wrap my
fingers around him but sort of gripping the sides of his sheath between
my thumb and fingers.  I stroked him up and down like that for several
minutes, fascinated by the feeling of his gristly shaft slipping
smoothly inside the sheath.  When Max started growling softly I wondered
if he was wanting me to stop or if he was getting ready to cum.  I
assumed the latter and quickened the rhythm of my hand. 

     His haunches began jerking then in the motion I'd seen several
times when witnessing the act between two dogs.  I tried not to
interfere with his spastic movements as I continued to stroke him,
watching closely the red knob at the end.  A few moments later his
growls took on a deeper tone and I watched as several spurts of thick
white fluid spat from him.  Some of it landed on the blanket and some of
it on the short hair of his belly as his hips bucked a few more times
and then became still.  I released my grip on him and watched in
amazement as he twisted his body around to begin licking himself again.
He sniffed around, locating the spots where his cum had landed and
licked it all up!  When he'd finished and had curled himself up into his
nap position, I left him. 

     During the weekend Russ Junior was home all day, naturally, and I
couldn't help feeling a little frustrated at being prohibited from doing
what Max and I had enjoyed so much.  Max came sniffing around me several
times but seemed to understand when I shoo'ed him away.  Russ was home
all day Sunday with us and that made it a little easier to keep my mind
where it belonged.  Fixing dinner and waiting on him made the time
pass..... 

     The second week was nearly an exact repeat of the first, except
that I was no longer hesitant to "help" Max relieve his tensions when
he'd finished with me each time.  I like to try and catch his hot semen
in the palm of my free hand and then hold it out for him to lick ......
am I weird, or WHAT?  One added element had crept into the affair though
and it started in my mind as a silly, kinky thought...... and had become
a glowing ember that dominated my thoughts during the second weekend,
our second period of forced abstinence. 

     By the time that third Monday arrived, I was a nervous wreck!  I
went through the motions of following my normal daily routine, but that
was all it was..... going through the motions.  When lunch time arrived
I suddenly decided I wasn't hungry and began my ritual of touring the
living room and kitchen to be certain the doors were locked and the
blinds were drawn.  Max was acting skittish too, following me around.
When I was sure that everything was as it should be I stood in the
living room and looked at Max and discovered that I was trembling inside
from excitement.  Max returned my gaze as if to say "What are we waiting
for, baby?" 

     The smouldering ember finally caught hold and became an
honest-to-goodness fire as I stripped off my clothes (ALL of them this
time) and stood staring down into those dark eyes.  I walked slowly to
the sofa and assumed my position on the edge, Max eagerly following and
nuzzling into my crotch right away.  I laid there for a while trying to
bring my trembling under control and feeling the pleasure rise within me
as Max performed his magic. 

     After a few minutes, I leaned forward carefully so as not to
interfere with Max and felt gently down along his belly.  I found him
completely erect and hot to my touch!  He stopped licking and looked
sideways at my face then...... 

     "Are you thinking the same thing I'm thinking", I asked, my voice
trembling just like the rest of my body.  Max licked the side of my face
and I took that to be a "yes".  I stood up and grabbed that large pillow
from the end of the sofa and tossed it out into the middle of the floor.
"Cummon, Max", I said.  "Let's see if we can make this work." 

     I bunched the pillow together and formed a thick roll of it,
holding it in place as I eased myself down onto it.  Face down like
that, the pillow under my hips, I hoped Max would understand what I
wanted.  I moved my knees out to the side as far as I could to give him
room and I watched over my shoulder as he moved behind me, acting
confused.  I felt his breath between my cheeks as he sniffed my anus and
gave me an experimental lick. 

     "Cummon, Max", I urged softly, wiggling my butt around just a
little, "you know what you're supposed to do .....  wooof, wooof." 

     I was beginning to think he wouldn't do it.  He licked me some more
and I could see his hind legs dancing around as if confronted with a
really hard problem.  Then I felt a paw on my right cheek and he whined. 

     "That's the idea, Max", I crooned.  "Rita wants you to fuck her." 

     Having said it, I felt my stomach churn violently as the two parts
of my brain battled it out.  In the mean time, Max seemed to have made
HIS decision.  I felt his other paw and cringed when his claws scraped
against the skin of my lower back.  He was trying to get himself into
position!  But I had to do something about those claws!  I reached
around gently and pushed him back. 

     "Just a minute, lover", I said, standing up.  "I don't want to be
maimed for life." 

     I ran quickly to the kitchen, Max trotting along behind me, and
opened a drawer next to the sink.  I grabbed two towels and, from
another drawer, two thick rubber bands.  Max followed me back into the
living room and almost seemed to understand what I was doing as I
wrapped the towels around his front paws and slipped the rubber bands in
place to hold them there. 

     Re-bunching the pillow, I eased my hips down onto it again and
wiggled my butt for him. 

     "Okay, Max, no more excuses", I said.  "Come to momma...." 

     I was thrilled to feel his padded paws on my hips and I urged him
onward with soft reassurances.  He tried to grip my back with his paws
and I could barely feel them through the towels.  He moved his hind legs
up close and I could tell he was hunching back there but I couldn't feel
anything.  I eased a hand down between myself and the pillow, between my
legs and found that he was jabbing into the pillow.  Quickly flattening
it out a little, I forced my hips downward onto it and spread my knees
father to lower my butt. 

     "That's it.......  that's it", I said breathlessly as he found the
mark. 

     His slender penis was jabbing earnestly against the depression just
to the right of my cunt, along my thigh.  I moved my hips just a little
to the right and was rewarded by his first, panicky thrust into my
eagerly awaiting cunt.  Not very deep ..... just barely into my vagina,
but there just the same!  I angled my hips downward, hoping to help him,
and felt his rapid little jabs move deeper into me!  His front paws
skittered around on my back trying to hold on as he moved his back paws
a little closer.  I could feel the hard muscles of his thighs against
the inner surface of my own as he fell into a very fast but steady
rhythm. 

     It felt incredible!  I think that what made it so exciting was the
very idea of what we were doing.  I was actually being fucked by a
beagle in my own living room!  His rigid little penis was small compared
to Russ's naturally, being only about four inches that he could get into
me and only a little thicker than my finger.  But what Max lacked in
size, he more than made up for with his eager intensity.  I found myself
wishing I could see a clear image of us there in the middle of the
floor.  I was on the very verge of cumming and had to use all of my
determination to keep from rocking my hips.  I didn't want to dislodge
him! 

     So I eased my upper body down onto the floor, my nipples digging
into the carpet as I tried to hold my position.  It didn't take Max very
long before he started to lunge into me violently and I knew he was
cumming in me!  As if from a page in a steamy romance novel, I felt
myself floating up to that heavenly plateau where I enjoyed a thoroughly
satisfying orgasm.  My groans mixed with Max's growling as we came
together and I nearly cried when Max suddenly stopped moving, his
haunches trembling with the effort to hold himself deeply within my
vagina.  He was drooling on my back and his penis was twitching
rhythmically inside of me.  I visualized his thick white semen spurting
into my body.... 

     I don't know how long I slept, but when I woke up my hips were
still resting on the pillow, my warmly glowing ass still angled
awkwardly toward the ceiling...... and Max was curled up quietly behind
me, between my outstretched knees. 

     I got up without disturbing him and returned the pillow to it's
place on the end of the sofa.  He woke up while I was taking the towels
from his paws, rolling over onto his back ..... and then curled up again
to resume his nap as if nothing had happened.  I stood there for a
moment looking down at him, my hand unconsciously feeling the wetness of
my cunt.  I slipped a finger up into my vagina and marvelled again at
the idea of what we had done.  Gathering up my clothes then, I went into
the bathroom and took a long, hot shower. 

     By Wednesday Max and I had it down to a fine art!  There was no
more of the nervous fumbling around while trying to get ourselves into
the right positions ..... and I had finally resolved the dilemma in my
mind.  What we were doing wasn't hurting anyone.  What we were doing was
obviously enjoyable for Max (and me).  What we were doing would forever
remain a secret ..... and it would all come to an end after Friday when
the neighbors returned. 

     I made Friday a special occasion for us by inviting Max into my
bedroom for the first time.  After getting myself all sweaty on the bike
(with Max sitting patiently off to the side and watching me intently) I
led him into the bedroom and stripped off my wet clothes.  I pulled one
end of my vanity around so the large mirror was facing toward the bed
and angled it downward just a little.  I was really excited when I
crawled up into the middle of the bed and patted the comforter to invite
Max up with me.  He eagerly made the leap and jumped immediately between
my legs to begin nosing around and sniffing me. 

     After making a couple trips to the vanity to move the mirror, I was
finally satisfied that I'd be able to see us clearly.  I took both
pillows and plumped them up behind my back, fondling Max's ears as he
licked and sniffed at the tingling lips of my cunt.  I didn't know for
sure if he'd be able to fuck me like that, with me on my back instead of
the other way, but I was determined to try! I reasoned that I'd be able
to use my hands to help him. 

     I cursed softly to myself when I realized that I'd forgotten the
towels for Max's paws and made a quick trip to the kitchen for them.  I
put them on him then and laid back experimentally, patting my belly for
him to come up to me.  He put his paws up on my stomach and I pulled him
closer, holding his paws tightly against my breasts and lifting my legs
up on either side of him. 

     He began hunching at me almost immediately, his tongue hanging
limply from the side of his mouth.  But he wasn't even close to my cunt
......  I pulled my knees way up and brought them together against his
sides, my thighs tingling at the feel of his hairy flanks.  Urging him
lower with my legs, I pushed his haunches down and felt the hot tip of
his penis begin to prod between my wet lips. 

     "That's it, Max", I whispered.  "I knew you could do it!" 

     He moved his hind legs a little and his furry belly dropped
comfortably down onto my own.  I gasped in surprise when his hard little
shaft entered me deeper than he'd ever been before.  He was catching on
nicely!  I kept my knees pulled way up to hug him with my upper thighs
as he fell into a very fast and very enjoyable rhythm! 

     I couldn't take my eyes from the mirror.  The scene was so
incredibly erotic for me and the feeling of his cock pistoning in and
out of my vagina was so intense that I came very quickly.  I found that
I was able to move my hips under him just a little, thereby abandoning
myself that much more to the waves of pleasure that pulsed within
me..... 

     Max seemed to be in another world.  His muzzle was tucked down into
the space between his front legs and I could feel him drooling all down
between my breasts.  He fucked me for what must have been ten minutes or
more ..... never slowing down and never faltering in his incredibly fast
tempo.  I came again before he finished with me and when he finally
reached his reward I was trembling uncontrollably, my legs quivering
along his furry sides as he plunged deeply into me and held himself very
still.  His stiff little shaft continued to twitch inside of me as he
propelled his hot semen into my vagina.  He was deep enough that I felt
he was nearly against my cervix and I moved my hands from his front paws
to grasp his butt, pulling him tighter to me....... 

     Later that afternoon as I stood in the shower, it occurred to me
that I had never enjoyed sex with Russ nearly as much as I had with Max.
I was sad that Max would be leaving on Sunday and didn't know how I'd be
able to do without his wonderful services. 

     For obvious reasons, I missed Max terribly after he'd gone home and
the following week seemed totally empty.  I sat on the sofa during the
afternoons and masturbated with my fingers, trying to imagine that it
was Max licking me...... but it just wasn't any good! 

     This story DOES have a happy ending though.  Not too long after Max
left, I convinced Russ that it might be a good idea to have a dog of our
own around the house.  A "BIG" dog would be able to protect the house
for us when we weren't there.  Russ agreed, happy to please me .......
(If he only knew.....) 

     We went to a pet store and bought a cute little German Shepherd
puppy and named him Heinrich.  That was almost a year ago.  Heinrich is
NOT a puppy any longer!  ......and he is a quick learner, too....... 

--
