Archive-name: Bondage/ritualc.txt
Archive-author: Minx
Archive-title: Rituals


                            RITUALS:
          A BRIEF FANTASY OF SUSPENSE AND FULL-FILLMENT
         BEING THE GIFT FROM MINX TO HER MASTER CHARLES
                        WRITTEN SEPTEMBER 1992

                or...TALES OF THE RUBBER MINXIE...

       "Chazz!"  Her voice called out again, disturbing his
concentration yet again.  "I need you!" she called, her usually
endearing voice sounding whiny and petulant.  Charles had only one
more day before his last exam.  Oh, to finally graduate!  This
would be heaven.  Of course she had to keep bothering him, thought
Charles, with constant interruptions and trivial chit-chat.

       "She" was his wife, of course, Colleen, or Minx, if you
knew her.  She was sweet and loving, but could be damnedably
demanding when she chose to be.  The truth of it was Minx could be
a real bitch!  Even now, when she had promised not to distract
him, Minx just couldn't leave him alone!

       "All right Minx.  What is it now?"  Chazz slammed shut his
textbook and followed her voice to the bedroom.  Minx lay there on
the bed waiting for him.  At the sight of how she was dressed,
Charles felt his cock twitch, and his temper flare.  "MINX?!  You
promised not to distract me!"  She lay on her side in bed,
looking extremely frustrated.

       She wore that sexy purple satin nightie.  Her sweet curves
pressed against the soft fabric and Charles could even see her
nipples, tight and hard against the iridescent silk.  He could
tell by the hearts on the clasps which garter belt she wore; it
was his favorite, the leather one.  Her stockings were new though,
and Chazz didn't want to know where she got them.

       The sweet curves of her legs, from toes to upper thigh,
were now encased in gleaming black latex rubber.  By the shine on
them, he could guess she'd massaged them with vegetable oil.  They
stretched tightly over her calves, and Charles could see every
ripple of her muscles.  Towards the top of her thighs, where the
elastic tugged tightly at the latex, the rubber stretched enough
to see a hint of her pink flesh through the darker black latex.

       She had on short heeled pumps, with a flat heel, probably
so she didn't rip the rubber, he guessed.  Laid out around her on
the bed were assorted toys, a vibrator, two large dildoes, Minx's
pair of ben wa balls, clothespins, --geez, Chazz could guess she'd
been busy a while--especially since the largest dildo was still
shiny with pussy juice.  Still, with all these toys to play with,
what did she need him for?

       "Okay Minx," he said.  "What do you need?"

       She grinned sheepishly and held up one hand.  Dangling from
it was a flesh colored tube with an inflatable round puff and a
bulb to pump it up, in short, a Bardex inflatable enema tip.

       "Chazz, I can't seem to get it in."  She seemed almost
apologetic.

       Chazz did acknowledge that with slippery fingers the Bardex
could be tricky to manage on one's own.  She even tried it on her
own one last time as Chazz watched.  The tip was well greased, and
as Chazz watched, she slipped barely the end of the tip inside
before the tube wiggled and slipped away.  He had to laugh.  Only
a year or two ago Minx would not even try an enema.  Of course it
was still a rare event, but that she admitted to herself that she
desired them in a sexual way was incredible.  The fact she acted
upon this desire all of her own free will was nothing short of a
miracle.  That he had his face buried in a book while Minx took
such a step away from her last existing inhibitions made Chazz
laugh even more.

       Her frustration was endearing.  She sulked again and looked
at him expectantly.  "Okay Minx, lay on your stomach," Charles
told her.  He took the Bardex from her and deflated it completely.
"Open wide, my dear,"  He said in his best Jack Nicholson voice.

       "PLEASE Chazz, no jokes?!"  Her voice pleaded with him.
Her ideas of sexual dignity during dominance bordered on the
absurd, at least Chazz thought so.

       "Okay, Minx.  Now ROLL OVER BITCH!"  Charles leaned over on
the bed and moved close to her.  By spreading her cheeks he could
see she was well lubricated.  First one, then two of his fingers
slipped inside her ass and found her relaxed and open.  When even
his third finger twisted inside her without trouble, Charles could
guess at least one of those dildoes had been back here, loosening
her up.

       She moaned and wiggled as his fingers worked on her
asshole.  Charles felt his cock start to harden and thought of
forgetting his notes in the other room and just plowing her ass.
Too bad he needed the final to graduate, or Minx would have had
his cock so far up her ass he tickled her tonsils.  He let his
cock harden, but paid it no attention as he slid his fingers out
of Minxie's tight little butt.

       She even purred for him as he slowly slid the Bardex deep
into her ass.  Once it was firmly lodged inside her, he said, "Now
Minx, you have to let me do this right."  Minx nodded and grinned,
hoping her plan of distraction had worked, and that Charles would
now play with her instead of studying.  Chazz left the bed and
returned with some things.  Minxi just lay there smiling as Chazz
tied first one, then the other of her manacles to a long spreader
bar.  She willingly stood up, and let Charles cuff her into the
manacles, her legs stretched wide, her ass and pussy vulnerable.
She could feel the Bardex dangling between her legs like a tail.

       Her smile grew as he brought out even more restraints.
Charles slid her purple nightie over her head, leaving her in
garters and stockings.  He then fastened a wide thick leather belt
around her waist.  Its prime feature was the presence of thick
o-rings every 3" along the length of the back, a total of 6 of
them.  He cinched it very tightly at her waist, pulling it a good
4" thinner than was comfortable.  Since playing with corsets, Minx
could get herself down even 10" less than her waist measurement,
but Charles felt generous tonight--at least in that aspect of her
torment.

       Charles cuffed her wrists in front of her in tight white
leather manacles, lined with bunny fur.  He pulled Minx over to a
spot just under several hooks in the ceiling.  He pushed her torso
forward, bending her at the waist, and fastened her wrist cuffs to
the center hook of the spreader bar.  She had a bit of trouble
balancing and standing still, so Chazz steadied her while
threading a long piece of clothesline through the loops of her
belt.  The rope then went up to each hook in the ceiling, then
back to her belt again, a very sturdy support indeed.  Before
tying off the ends of the rope, Chazz tugged on it several times,
taking up slack until Minx could barely keep her feet on the
floor.  She found herself quite helpless, almost hanging loose,
with her arms stretched below her, legs spread quite shamelessly,
and that long Bardex tube still trailing after her like a tail.
She almost regretted her impetuous plan.

       Still, Chazz was not finished.  He walked away, and
returned with the cock gag, the largest of three.  Ignoring her
mild protests, Charles forced it into her mouth and tied it
tightly at the back of her head.  The soft rubber cock filled her
mouth.  Her moans were now muffled.  When Chazz briefly showed her
the leather G-string, she only looked at him in puzzlement.

       Charles grinned as he snapped it on, a wide triangle of
studded leather, it completely covered her puss lips and bush, and
stopped at a point just between her cunt and her asshole.  The
elastic straps separated there and curved up and around the tops
of her cheeks, framing them so nicely before riding up around her
hips and meeting up with the edge of the leather in front at her
bush.  She had been sure Charles would fuck her pussy as he gave
her the enema...That was the whole reason she set this up in the
first place.  How could he get at her cunt with the G-string on?
Minx looked at him questioningly, but Chazz just grinned.

       Charles brought the enema bag and the large dildo over to
her, hanging the enema bag from its hook to one of the hooks in
the ceiling.  As Minx looked on, Charles lubed up the dildo with
lots of crisco and reached for the G-string.  She guessed his
intent and started to squirm.  She could not get away of course,
and in fact managed to lose her footing so she hung loose from the
ceiling and could only sway a bit as Chazz grabbed for her.  His
hand connected with her bare ass, and the smack was loud and
painful.

       "Hold still Slut!  You didn't think I'd fuck you, did you?
I'm going to study, and you're going tosquirm."  He laughed, and
evil chuckle.  "I'll expand your ass while I expand my mind."  He
slapped her ass a few more times for spite, and pulled the
G-string away from her pussy long enough to slide the dildo in.

       It was rather short, but extremely wide, and filled her
cunt to the maximum width.  You could see Minx's eyes widen as her
pussy was spread and stretched to accomodate the huge rubber cock
inside her.  Held firmly inside her by the G-string, the dildo
stretched and filled Minxie to the point of pain.  She didn't seem
to mind too much though, judging by her moans and wiggles, and by
the way her legs twitched, aching to close, to squeeze down on the
dildo.

       Only now did Chazz release the clamp and let the water
flow.  Because the bag hung so high above ehr, Minx was quickly
filling up with the warm water.  Chazz paused a moment, then
remembered the Bardex.  He clamped the water hose shut, then
grabbed the bulb pump.  One, two, three, he paused, and watched
Minxie's face reflect the plugging of her ass by the expanding
rubber bulb.  Four.  Mmmmmm, she moaned into the gag, tossing her
head back and forth.

       "Hush Minx, that is enough for now.  I'll be right back."
About a fourth of the water had slipped into her and Minx could
feel it working indise her.  At least she had her footing back,
so she didn't hang there totally unsupported.  In a moment Chazz
returned, carrying his book and notes.  He pulle up a chair and
sat down right in front of her.  He just opened his book and
ignored her, his face intent on intermediate signal processing.

       The blivet-brain! Minx thought.  She had wanted to be
fucked, first in the pussy and then in the ass, but of course
Chazz had different plans.  She groaned into the gag as the
pressure worked against her insides, and all her straining only
made her pussy ache more, in spite of the monster dildo spreading
the walls of her cunt.

       "Did you say somethine Minx?"  Charles asked, looking up
from his book only momentarily.  "Oh yes, of course, my dear."
Charles opened the hose valve to the smallest degree, then went
back to his book.

       The flow was barely a trickle, a tiny amount really, but
Minx felt it.  The trickle was constantly filling her, spreading
and expanding her bowels as the pressure increased.  She closed
her eyes and moaned.  Her pussy throbbed and twitched, sucking at
the big dildo buried deep inside her.  Minx knew the slightest
breath on her clit or nipples would make her come.

       She twitched and wiggled as more and more water flowed
throught the Bardex.  Chazz only grinned and kept his attention
on the book.  When her movements grew quite frantic, Charles
calmly reached up and closed the valve, without even looking at
Minx.

       Her bowels had about 3/4 a quart in them now, Minx was
desperate.  Her pussy ached, her clit throbbed, yet Chazz studied
on.  She stood there in dismay for about ten more minutes, until
Charles casually stood up and shifted his position.  He carefully
dropped his pants and briefs, and stood in front if Minx.  He
reached around and unbuckled the gag, letting it fall to the
floor.  She stretched her jaw for a moment as she watched Chazz
stroke his cock inches from her face.

       "Please, please Chazz? Fuck me?"  She begged.  She pleaded
for his cock to fill her cunt.  He ignored her.  When his cock was
long and fully hard, he slipped it into he mouth saying, "Hold
onto tthis fro a while dear...thank you."  then he lifted his book
and actually put it on her shoulders!  Charles continued to read
as Minx sucked greedily at his cock.  Her lips and tongue worked
feverishly as she began to come.  Chazz could feel her body
tremble and ehr moans grow louder around his cock.

       Chazz reached his right hand down and his left hand went
to the valve.  He opened it halfway, letting the water flood into
her.  With his right hand Chazz squeezed at her tits, tugging and
teasing her hard little nipples.  Minx squirmed and gasped for
air, but he kept his cock deep in her throat.  The suction was
incredible now as she worked away, tensing and clenching her
throat muscles and tightening her lips around his dick.

       Chazz closed off the valve and noticed she had taken a
quart and a half of water.  Not bad, he thought, but he knew she
was close to maximum.  Closing his book and tossing it to the
floor, Chazz pulled his cock from her mouth.  He used both hands
now to play with her tits, teasing, stroking, and pinching them.

       "So my little bitch, full yet?"

       "Yes, yes Master!  Please! Let me loose!"  She begged and
pleaded with him to release her, while her legs shook and her
pussy throbbed with another near orgasm.

       Chazz moved behind her, and grabbed the bulb pump growling,
"Slut!  You knew better than to tease me!  Now you'll learn your
lesson!"  Then Charles gave the Bardex another full squeeze.

       Minx felt her asshole squeezed even tighter and came again.
When Chazz opened the valve once more, she thought she would come
again right on the spot, and she did, again and again.  Wave after
wave of ecstasy swept over her as the water slipped in and filled
her past any point she had ever been to.

       Chazz slipped his hands round to her slightly distended
stomach and began to rub lightly.  "You know slut, I could leave
you like this for hours."  The last of the water was now inside
her, and Minx felt like she could burst in two.  Chazz clamped off
the tube, and rubbed her stomach harder.  At first this felt good,
then it began to put even more pressure on her swollen belly.

       "N..NO No! Chazz! pppplease don't do that!"  Minx's voice
was barely audible as she moaned again and again.  She could feel
his hard cock pressing against her cheeks and tried to lean back
against him, but could only move an inch or two before losing her
balance and swinging loose on the end of her belt rope.

       Chazz laughed and grabbed her by the hips, high at her ass
and cheeks.  "Let's see," he said.  "I was on chapter 11 when you
interrupted me."  He paused and lay eleven quick hard slaps to her
ass, alternating cheeks, leaving them the barest hint of red.

       "And I should be on chapter 16 by now," he added, giving
each poor cheek another eight nasty swats.  "But I'm only on
chapter 14, soooooo."  He finished his sentence with fourteen full
handed brutal spanks.  Minx rocked and swayed at the end of the
rope with each blow.  By now her ass was bright red, and the
rumblings in her bowels were a pressure she could not ignore.

       "Would you like to ...GO...Minx?"  Chazz asked her, as if
he did not know that a half gallon of water was rumbling inside
her and making her feel like an overstuffed water balloon.

       She meekly answered, "Yes, oh, yes please, Master Chazz.
Please?"

       Charles grinned and began to very slowly unhook her arms
from the spreader bar.  The he casually began to untie the rope
from her belt.  It felt worse to Minx now that she knew she'd be
released soon., but with aching unbearable slowness, Chazz
unsnapped the G-string and yanked out the dildo.

       The sudden emptiness in her pussy made her cry out, a low
moan of frustration.  As built up pussy juice trickled after the
dildo and ran down her thighs, Minx bent over to help Chazz remove
her ankles from the spreader bar.  He slapped away her hands
though, saying, "Naughty naughty!  You get to leave that on!  I'm
not finished with you yet."

       Charles then led Minx, still hobbled to the spreader bar,
to the bathroom.  Charles carried the now empty water bag, and
held the hose like a leash.

       Once in the bathroom, Chazz helped her sit down, but before
he would remove the Bardex, Chazz lifted the spreader bar and
her legs over her waist.  Minx was helpless as Chazz examined and
played with her poor aching pussy.

       "Come for me slut!  One orgasm before you can release."
Charles then proceeded to tickle her clit with his forefinger
until she came, groaning, while she frowned and growled at him,
her body aching with the pressure of the water inside her.

       After Minx finished her orgasm, Charles deflated the Bardex
and slid it out of her.  "Clean up when you are done.  I'll be
waiting."  The he left her alone.

       A minute or two later, a much relieved Minx came hobbling
back into the bedroom.  Chazz lay on the bed slowly stroking his
half hard cock.  He saw and got off the bed.  He motioned her
forward, and she moved onto the bed, a bit ungracefully as she was
still hobbled to the spreader bar.  Charles told her to lay down
on her back, arms raised high above her.  He quickly fastened a
pair of tight white leather cuffs to each of her wrists and
fastened the cuffs to the headboard.  The spreader bar was then
raised high overhead and also fastened to the headboard.  Minxie's
ass was now exposed, and Chazz brought over the criso and began to
lube her up.

       "Tell me you want it slut!"  he growled.

       "Please Chazz!  Fuck my ass!"  she moaned loudly.

       Chazz was eager to comply, and with crisco, worked first
one, then two of his fingers iinto her ass.  She relaxed around
his tender touches, so Chazz added a third finger to her tight
anal mouth.  He began to fuck her slowly with his fingers and
could feel her anus relax and expand.

       He withdrew his fingers and slid his cock straight up her
bunghole.  Colleen grimaced a bit but took it all.  After a
moment, Chazz began to slowly stroke in and out.  His cock
completely filled her ass, and her bunghole felt stretched beyond
her limits, but Minx loved it, and said so with every groan, every
cry of pleasure, and with the look of love and desire in her eyes
as she looked right into Chazz's eyes.  She rocked against his
prick as much as was possible in her restraints.

       Again and again Chazz's cock pounded into her ass.  She
felt his balls slapping against her flesh.  All she could do was
moan and cry out in ecstasy as she came again.  Chazz noticed this
and brought his finegrs to her clit, pinching and rubbing it til
she wiggled and shook, and came again and again.

       As she closed her eyes and enjoyed her climaxes, Minx
tensed her lower muscles and Chazz felt his own orgasm building.
Her tight ass milked the jizz right out from him.  He sunk his
cock fully into her ass and shot his load deep inside her.  As he
felt his juices shoot, Chazz wrapped his arms around Minx and held
her tight.  Only after he finished coming did Chazz release her,
removing all cuffs and restraints.

       He pulled her into a tight hug and held her that way,
letting them both relax.

       "Gonna let me study now Minx?"  Charles asked a bit
impishly.

       "Oh, I guess so...at least for a few hours."  Minx replied.

       He slapped playfully at her ass then went to fetch his
books.  He jokingly picked up the Bardex and waved it at her.

       "If I can get you to do what I want now, I guess that does
make this an embedded controller!"  he said, ducking the hastily
thrown pillow.

*****************************************************************

copyright 1992 by CSý

the author refuses to apologize for the horrible engineering pun
at the end of this story...grin..if you understand it, you know
it's funny...grin....

author's note: a single copy may be printed out as hardcopy but
further distribution prohibited except as explicitly allowed by
the author.


