"ROAD SERVICE"
 
(c) The Fuzzman/Nightstik-1994
 
One hot afternoon last summer I was doing my usual driving
around in circles cruiser patrol when I happened upon two
women struggling to get their car up on a jack.  The one
leaning over the jack-handle was wearing a sheer skirt that a
breeze had just blown over her ass....her bare ass!  I slid
my cruiser to a stop to assist them, after all thats what
we're suppose to do...protect and serve.  The bare assed one
turned around I recocnized her as a waitress I patronize
often.  She was a great looking bitch and I often entertained
thoughts of raming her hot pussy.  "Stiff breeze isn't it",
she commented.  The other one, not a bad lookin' lady either,
spotted the now hard buldge in my pants and giggled, "Thats
not all thats stiff, Jean, it seems like you've given the
nice officer a thrill."  Jean recognised me too. "Your the
cop I wanted to fuck but couldn't cause my boyfriend was
always around.  Well he's gone outa town now and won't be
back for a week."  She leaned against the side of the vehicle
and smiled.  "As long as you've seen the back door, what do
you thing of the front?" Then damned if she didn't raise her
skirt and show me her cunt.  "Hey," the other one chimed in.
"how about introducing me? Don't forget my boyfriend's gone
away too and I'm every bit as horny as you are."  Jean
introduced her friend, Kim, and I offered my services, which
included much more than a tire change!
 
Soon they were following me to my house.  Being nice clean
girls, they both insisted on taking showers before the
festivities.  As I was of the same mind myself, I got into
the shower with them.  The close confines of the shower stall
made it seem as though I was surrounded by asses and tits as
the three of us splashed and grab-assed under the spray of
water.  Jean had a pair of tits that took up a hell of a lot
of room, but I managed to get my lips around one of her
nipples and was sucking and gurgling away.  I felt a tugging
at my cock as Kim knelt under the warm water and commenced an
expert blow job.
 
When Jean began gyrating her ass in tight circles, I realized
that Kim was finger fucking her at the same time she was
sucking me off.  The expertise that young lady was using to
blow me abd the erotic thought that the tit I was sucking
belonged to a woman who was being finger banged by her
girlfriend brought about my orgasm in a lot less time than it
usually takes me.  I shot my full wad deep into Kim's mouth,
the contents of which over flowed down her chin and neck.
Kim sputtered and gasped on my semen as she bounced her ass
on the tile floor and moaned and groaned right along with us.
Glancing down I saw she was finger fucking herself too.
 
All washed and dried off, the three of us got into my big
bed.  Kim was especially impatient, she crawled on top of me
and informed us that she was gonna ride my big donkey-dong.
Jean assisted by sticking her hand between her friend and me
and guiden my again rock hard dick deep into Kim.  I could
feel Kim's muscles grab my cock and work on it like a
milking machine as she rode it up and down, my balls hitting
her snatch at each down thrust.  I could feel Kim's warm
juices trickle down on my balls as she orgasmed with great
intensity.  My prick responded to her love juices to by
flexing deep inside of her.  She continued to ride me and
and rotated her ass causing her hot box to give my dick a
real workout.  Jean, meanwhile had manuvered her fingers into
Kim's cunt and was grabing at my joystick within her friends
pussy, it was like getting a hand job and a fuck all at once.
Jean then shoved her other hand under my ass and fingered my
asshole until she was able to get a couple of fingers deep
inside of me too!  She probed my gland until I could no
longer hold back and came again in torrents into the waiting
and working cunt, Kim's juices intermingled with mine and as
gravity would have it my balls were soping wet!
 
Jean lost no time in pulling Kim off me and spreading her
friend's legs began to voraciously eat Kim's wet cum filled
cunt.  This was too much for me, my still hard dick in hand I
shoved it deep into Jean.  Jean let out a gasp and continued
to lick her friend and take my fucking thrusts.  I had never
been this hot to have cum twice in a span of thirty minutes
and still hard and fucking away! I pounded and pounded, my
dick responded and I felt my juices well up deep in me as I
poured forth another good load.  The two girls both came
within seconds of me.  We three lay exhausted, only to re-
comence our lust pursuit in a couple of hours. Man, we fucked
ourselves silly that night and for several other nights until
the boyfriends came back into town.
 
END
