"ROADWORK"
 
<c> Nightstik-1994 (May be posted to bbs's as long as no
specific charge is made for the download.)
 
 
There I was stuck on this fuckin' back road with the sun
slowly setting and a good 35 miles back to the city!  I was
walking away from my car when a pick-up truck came roaring
down the road with a trail of dust behind it. It flew past
me, then stopped and backed up to me. A humpy looking guy sat
behind the wheel, his eyes took in my tall muscular, brown
haired, blue eyed body. From what I could see of him, he had
blond hair, deep blue eyes and a well built body too. His
hairy chest was well developed and barely covered by his
opened shirt. "Can you give me a lift, my car broke down and
I'm stuck," I said. "Sure. Can't leave a guy stuck out here,"
he said looking at my crotch that was swelling in my jeans.
As I climbed in I could see his huge buldge as his big dick
pressed hard against his pants. this guy must have been
riding around and playing with himself. I reached over and
rubbed his cock and felt it jump in his pants and the strange
touch.  "I know a place we can go and get it on," he said. I
said okay by me and he tore off in the truck like a bat out
of hell.
 
While he drove I opened his fly and took out his dick. It was
a curved monster with a big undershaft vein. I pulled back
the foreskin and exposed a glistening smooth cockhead. A drop
of pre-cum was oozing from the slit and dribbled down the
shaft into my hand. His piss-slit was large and my tongue was
gonna go into it the first chance I got. Then I reached
further into his jeans and found his two big blonde haired
balls. I took them out and I undid my own pants and released
my own massive hard-on. He reached over and squeezed my nuts
hard, sending a twinge through my stiff cock. Then he reached
up and pulled back the skin on my dick, a discharge of pre-
cum shot forward as if I were cumming. His finger played with
my cockhead, toying and teasing it, pulling the skin to and
fro.
We played as he drove, his hard monster dick resting on the
steering wheel as pre-cum oozed out and wetted his balls.
 
We came to an area of deserted factories and warehouses, he
turned right and into an old bus barn. We climbed out of the
cab and into the rear of the pick-up where he had a foam
mattress laying. While striping each other, my knob oozed out
a glob of pre-cum. He went between my legs and licked it off,
running his tongue down then up my leg, then licking all
around my balls, then up the shaft of my manmeat. We tried
sixtynining, my tongue licking all around and under his
foreskin. The heady odor of his manmeat blew my mind, I could
not get enough of his cock. He was working my cock in and out
of his mouth sucking like a vacuum cleaner. He finger fucked
me as he ate my dick, my ass eager for each and every stroke.
I didn't want to shoot but I was bound to if he kept it up
any longer. I pulled away and quickly got between his legs
and worked on his dork, sucking it hard. Then I remembered
about my tongue and his piss-slit, so I held his cockhead as
I spread his slit wide open and my tongue went in. While I
was tongue fucking him I grabbed his balls and pulled at
them, he squirmed and moaned. My tongue retreated from his
piss-slit and I worked it down his shaft, his balls and to
his ass hole. His ass quivered as my tongue went deep into
him.  He rotated his ass to meet my probing tongue. I then
worked back up to his shaft and began to suck with renewed
vigor.  "Oh shit," he yelled.  I thought he was about to drop
his load. "Behind you man!" he shouted. I quickly turned and
saw a tall handsome state trooper standing there with his
motorcycle helmet perched under his arm. I thought for sure
we were gonna be arrested, but I saw his big hand go to his
crotch and he began rubbing his big buldge.  He must have
been watching us for some minutes. Reaching into his uniform
pants he brought out a huge piece of dick, with tennis sized
balls hanging half way to his knees. We couldn't belive what
we saw.
 
I'm about eleven inches and thick, the guy in the pickup was
about ten inches and thick but this trooper was over fifteen
incredible inches! The cockhead was smooth and deep red, the
shaft was enormous and its base covered with dark hair. The
cop moved in and brought the monster to within licking
distance of my mouth. I was eager to get down on it. Its
share size prevented me then taking more then the cockhead.
It was like a red hot poker as it steamed its way into my
eager mouth.  Not wanting to be a hog I let the truck driver
have a taste. His mouth balloned as the cock entered it, he
gaged as it hit the back of his mouth. When it was again my
turn I gave the trooper a licking all over until his entire
shaft was glistening with spit. Over and over I licked, the
truck driver joined me on the other side of this massive
cock. We tried to work in unison, he on one side, I the
other. The cops balls tightened. "Need it real hard to get
off this way," he said in his deep voice. "I better help or
you guys are gonna break your jaws." he said.  He was right I
never ate such a big dick. The trooper striped out of his
uniform. Man, he was beautiful, like a GREEK god, the body of
an Adonis. He moved in close again and presented his man-meat
to the truck driver. He took all the meat he could in his
mouth as the trooper jacked it off. The cop moaned a deep
moan and his body twitched. The truck drivers mouth seemed to
fill to almost explosion and then the white juice poured out
of the side of his mouth, down his neck and into his chest
hairs. I moved forward and liked all this sweet cum off his
chest and neck then up to and around his mouth still engulfed
with that cock.
 
The cop then grabbed at our rock hard dicks and began to play
with them. Forcing them together he licked all around our
cockheads. He then took each of our cocks deep into his mouth
in turn. It was when the trooper was mouth fucking the truck
driver and I was jerking myself that the driver shot his wad.
The trooper pulled off and let the cum shoot up  into the air
and caught every drop in his wide opened mouth. The trooper
didn't miss a blob of the drivers cream. The trooper dropped
the driver's dick and began to go down on mine.  "Oh shit,
here I cum!" I shot a few wads deep into the cop and then he
did like he did with the driver. he coaxed the rest of my
cream out by jerking my shaft, the droplets of cum he caught
with his tongue.
 
But, we weren't done yet. The trooper was up and hard again.
The driver showed he was hard too, and looking down, my dick
was rock solid. With our three pulsing reddish knobs almost
touching we jacked off our cocks. The driver was the first to
cum shooting his load all over me. Then I shot my load over
both of them, finally the trooper gushed a torrent of hot
steaming cum, it bathed our bodies.
 
"Man, we gotta do this again, guys." the trooper said. Both
the driver and I agreed. The three of us all had to piss then
so we did it there and then. Each peeing on the other and
washing each others sex soaked bodies.  We then fell to the
ground and each of us fell into a sated sleep.
 
Later on we all agreed to meet each other again, which we did
for many times.  The sex was always hot, raunchy and great!
 
END
