Archive-name: Casual/roadtrip.txt
Archive-author: Bob Brinsfield   (c) 1991
Archive-title: Road Trip


       It started out to be a terrible day. My boss and I had a
bad argument about work assignments. It ended with me being
fired. I was in shock. I left that day not knowing what I would
do. After going home and watching as much daytime tv as I could
stand I decided to take a drive. I just drove aimlessly for a
long time , not going anywhere in particular.
       Soon I noticed that I was on the highway heading south.
When I glanced out the window I saw the prettiest woman I had
ever seen in my life hitchhiking. I had not been on the prowl
but I stopped and picked her up.
       She told me her name was Debbie and that she had been on
her way to Florida when her car broke down. Being the good host
that I am I volunteered to take her to a gas station , but she
said forget that I'm going to Florida.
       I told her of my plight and since I was not in any rush
I would take her to Florida but we would have to stop somewhere
tonight. She said that would be great. At that time I did not
think that anything would happen between the two of us. The
talk in the car did not indicate to me that I had one hot
and horny bitch with me. I soon found out that she enjoyed
sex as much as I do.
       We stopped at a little motel off of the highway and
I checked in. When we got to the room she noticed that
there was only one bed. I told her that , that would not
be a problem as I would sleep on the chair. My next move was
to take a shower so I went into the bathroom and started the
water. By the time I was undressed Debbie had joined me. She
told me that she has wanted to fuck for the last hundred or
so miles. Again being the good host that I am , who am I to
argue.
       Debbie took me by the hand and led me into the shower.
That is where the fun began. We started kissing each other all
over. I bent down and sucked on the lovliest set of tits I had
ever seen. At the same time Debbie had got a hold of my cock
and was stroking it in a very pleasing way. I knew that if she
kept that up I would erupt soon. She must have sensed that also
because she got on her knees with my cock in her face. I shot
my hot wad right on her face. She screamed with excitement
when my cum hit her.
       Again being the good host and all that I picked her up
and stood her against the wall. I then buried my face deep in
her crotch , she knew that I love to eat pussy. My tongue
quickly brought Debbie to what she described as fanfucking-
tastic orgasm. We then dried each other off and headed for
bed. The first thing Debbie said was I want to fuck. I did
not need to hear that twice. We climbed in bed and began
a night that I will not soon forget.
       We must have drifted off to sleep at some point
because I woke up to find us cuddled together in a
tangled mass of flesh. If someone had walked in and saw
us they would have had a tough time seeing where one ended
and the other began.
       When Debbie woke up she asked me if I was in a hurry
to leave and I told her that I could stay for a few day's
before my money ran out. We spent most of that day just
cuddled the way we were when we woke.
       After getting dressed and a bite to eat we came
back to the motel and Debbie jumped back into bed. She
told me to fuck her in the face , so I jumped into bed
and started shoving my dick into her mouth. We got a bit
loud and rough this time because the people in the next
room started to bang on the wall. At the same time Debbie's
head was hitting the headboard everytime I shoved my dick
in her mouth. I did not hear Debbie complain though so I
kept going. Soon I was oblivious to the neighbors complaints
also. I was so turned on that I soon exploded and Debbie
took all of it. She swalled hard and just kept drinking
until she swalled every drop of my cum.
       It was then my turn , so I moved myself down her
body slowly , licking and kissing everything along the
way. Finally I arrived at my destination , her warm wet
cunt. I teased her with my tongue until she could not
stand it any more. Then I moved in for the kill , I buried
my tongue deep in her and ate her pussy like it would be
my last. After a short amount of tongue action Debbie's
body tensed up and her legs were trembling , as she
screamed loud enough for the neighbors to hear "I'm
cumming !".
       I kept eating her until her body was trembling all
over. At that point her breathing was so heavy that she
was passing out. When I finally stopped Debbie told me
that she had never been eaten like that before. I then
moved back up her body slowly and pushed my dick in that
warm wonderful place called a pussy and this time we didn't
fuck we made love. We started at a slow but steady pace
increasing it slightly from time to time , until we could
both feel orgasm building. We then picked up the tempo and
shortly after that I exploded. At the same time Debbie
screamed and again the neighbors heard I'm sure. We then
cuddled and passed out.
       The next morning we checked out and headed for
Florida. The last time I saw Debbie she was with her
freinds in Florida. I had to head home to get my life
straightened out.
       When I got home I had five messeges from my old
boss so I called him and he asked me to come back to
work. I told him that I would need one more day off
to relax after my adventure. I went back to work in
a couple of day's. So all's well that end's well except
I do miss Debbie every once in awhile.

--
