Copyright © 1997,  DoctorP.      ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.





Subject: Robert 's instructions

Robert's instructions, teaching can be fun.
by DoctorP

Well, Robert, you are probably wondering why I brought you here to
the mall this morning. Well don't complain yet. I know you don't
think it's a very exciting thing to do. But, just hold on for a bit,
I think you are going to change your mind. 

This is one of the older guys' favorite places, right here where we
are sitting. 

This is ideal, the movie theater entrance to our right, the video
arcade to our left; what better place to watch beautiful girls? And
that's just what we are going to do for a while. 

I have a lot to tell you today. But first, let's just let our eyes
enjoy while we talk. 

Look at that red head. And look at her nipples poking through the
T-shirt.

Yeah, I like those tight shorts too.  You can see the whole shape of
her pussy.  She is getting me hard.

Oh yes, Bobby, indeed it would be fun to have her in the van. I
could pull off that T-shirt and we could play with her little
titties. She obviously is not wearing a bra. 

Yeah, yeah, that would be good.  You could pull down her shorts and
we could look at her pussy.  It doesn't look like she is wearing any
panties either.  I bet she would spread her legs if we asked her.

Well, Bobby, that is why we are here, to look at these cute little
girls and to talk about some sex things you were asking about. I am
really glad you feel so comfortable asking me questions. And, I
don't mind answering you. 

You remember last year when you asked about "jacking off"? I didn't
mind telling you about how natural it is. I didn't want you to have
to worry about masturbation. It was no surprise to hear that you
masturbated a couple of time a day. When I was your age, I did too. 

Do you remember those sexy pictures I gave you to use? 

OK, I thought you would still have them.

Well, remember that cute little blonde on the same page with the
ten-year-old Brooke Shields? Remember how you got out the magnifying
glass out so that you could look closer at her pussy? Remember how
we jacked off looking through that magnifying glass? I think you
came twice in about five minutes looking at that blonde. I know how
you felt, I came too over her and Brooke. I thought they were both
pretty sexy.

Well, I have something better than her for you today. Better than
either of those pictures. 

When you asked me last week what it felt like to fuck a girl and how
you could get girls to fuck, I realized that you were ready to begin
girl lessons. But, I wasn't ready to give them to you yet. I had
preparations to make. 

Well, Robert, now I am ready. I know you were disappointed when I
told you that you would have to wait for an answer to that question.
But, I think you are going to find that the wait was worth it. 

I have always thought that showing was better than telling. 

Now I want you to look over by the mall door. See that little blonde
coming in? Watch her. She is going to go over to that first video
machine. 

What do you think of her? 

Yeah, you said it. She is a fox. Isn't that a beautiful face and
gorgeous figure? Look at that round little bottom. Doesn't she fill
out her shorts nicely? 

Well, Bobby, her name is Angela and the only reason she is here
right now is for you.

Yes, for you. I asked her to come here today. I have a very special
time planned for you and she is going to be an important part of it.

But first, we need to talk.

Today I am going to begin telling you the secrets of how to have
more girl friends than you could imagine. 

Each one will be different. Each will have different things to
praise and admire. Each will feel different to kiss and caress. And,
yes, each will feel different when you get the chance as you guys
say to "do it" with them. But more important, you will have a
different friendship and love for each of them. 

Every girl here won't "do it" with you and every one won't be your
friend. But some will if you just try to follow the simple secrets
that I will begin to reveal to you today. 

So, Bobby, I want you to come with me to begin your lessons. We need to
go out to the van. That will be the classroom. 

Notice that Angela is looking at her watch. In exactly thirty
minutes she will come into our van. I told her to wait because I
wanted to talk to you first. 

Yeah, I know she has a cute little ass. And, you don't know how cute
until she comes into the van. She is prettier than that girl in the
picture that you liked so much, and she is real, and better than
that, she just loves to "do it". 

She called me last night to see if we were still planning this for
today. She really tickled me. She told me she was about to wet her
pants she was so excited about giving you your very first time. 

Yes, Bobby, I am not kidding. You really are going to get to fuck
her. And you can do anything else you want with her. You told me you
have never even really kissed a girl. Well, now is your chance. You
can kiss her or squeeze her titties or feel that cute little ass or
anything. Angela loves it. Then when you get done, you can watch me
fuck her. I can show you some ways that girls really like. 

Let's get in the van now and lay on the bed and talk. 

OK, Bobby. You asked me how to get girls to fuck. I am going to tell
you today. Though, Bobby, that is really the wrong question. You
should be looking for girls to love, not girls to fuck. If you have
a girl to love, the fucking will just come naturally. When girls
know that you love them and think they are beautiful they begin to
think about doing it themselves.

Hardly any girl wants to just fuck. Though, to be truthful,
Angela is a exception. Angela wants to fuck, and fuck, and fuck.
That is why I have chosen her for the first example today. 

Each one of the other example girls is different in her own way. 

Yeah, I am not kidding, Angela is not the only one, just the first.

You have a great day ahead of you. You are young, you can recover in
just a few minutes and be ready again. So I have provided six girls
for you, each with her own special talent and beauty.

Anyway, I was telling you about love. Girls want to be loved. I have
spent my whole lifetime mastering the art of loving girls. Today you
are going to hear some of the secrets which I have developed. 

You won't be able to remember them all but as you get girl friends,
we can talk about it so that you grow up to be a great lover not
just a guy that can fuck. Any guy can do that. But any guy can't
have girls that stay friends and lovers for years and years. 

I think you already know that I have a lot of girls that come over
to the house or go for a ride in the van. I love each of them. And,
I guess I'll tell you something else. When we talked about jacking
off last year, I wasn't completely honest when I told you I jacked
off too. I didn't want you to feel embarrassed about your doing it,
but I don't do it any more. In fact I haven't jacked off in years
unless it was like with you showing you how to do it or with some
sweet young girl that wanted to show me how she did it and watch me.

The reason is simple. I don't need to! 

I have so many lovers that if I feel horny all I have to do is come
here to the mall, or make a phone call or talk to a girl at school
and I have somebody. 

Just in the little time we were sitting by the arcade I counted
eight girls that I have been in bed with in the last month. There is
no doubt, that if I hadn't planned "Bobby Day" today, one of those
sweethearts would be laying where you are right now getting stroked
or kissed or whatever we wanted. 

All of my secrets to getting girls are just simple common sense. So,
let me tell you a few of them. The first secret is to start thinking
about loving and not about fucking. Girls need to be loved and to be
stroked. That means mentally and physically.

Every girl has things about her to praise. Be lavish. Tell her about
everything that you like. Tell her about her hair and her eyes,
about her arms and legs and hands and back and butt and how much you
like her figure. And, of course, always praise her breasts
absolutely no matter what size or shape they are. 

If you get a chance to touch or see her pussy tell her how much it
excited you and how sexy it was. 

The nice thing is that the more you praise her the more she likes
it. And the more she like it, the more you like it, and the more you
like her. This is very important.

The next secret is "be bold" when it comes to stroking. Don't be
afraid. Girls want guys that are not afraid. So don't be shy. Girls
usually don't make the first moves. You have to.

Let me explain about bold by telling you about my first lover. 

I was just about your age when I moved to Manchester. That's where I
met Sylvia. She was a dancer. Today you would call her an "exotic
dancer." In those days, we boys called them "hootchie cootchie"
girls. 

Well anyway, I heard that there was a secret sex show on the other
side of town. I couldn't wait until it was time for the show to
start. When I paid and went inside it was pretty dark. There were no
chairs. The audience was all standing up around the stage. It wasn't
much of a show by today's standards but it sure got me hard. 

There was only performer. She stood in front of us completely naked
and kind of pranced around. Everybody's eyes were glued on her,
especially on her pussy. Most of the guys had their hands in
their pants and were playing with themselves. 

Now, here's where the bold comes in. I got right in front of her,
right in the middle of the stage. Then I asked the guy who took the
money how much it would be to touch her. Man, did that shock
everybody. Everybody just looked at me. The guy who took the money
told me it would cost ten times the admission price. He didn't think
I had it. 

But, I did. I gave him fifty cents. Yeah, the admission was five
cents. 

So, I paid the guy and she stepped closer to me. I put my hand right
on her pussy and just felt it all over. Then I stuck my finger in a
little ways at the bottom. The guy taking the money just about
exploded when I stuck my finger in my mouth and got it all wet with
spit and stuck it back in her pussy. 

He screamed, "You're hurting her, you're going to break her cherry."

You see, he was her ten year old brother and she was seven. 

All of the audience was about your age. The stage was made out of
hay bales. The theater was an old barn. But, it was fine for a sex
show as far as I was concerned and by being bold, I had turned it
into a personal sex show. Anyway, I knew I wasn't hurting her. She
was pushing back against my finger.

Well that began my love affair with Sylvia. Sylvia thought what I
had done with my finger was great. She became my girl friend and
would have followed me around like a puppy if she could have. But
her parents wouldn't let her leave the neighborhood so I had to come
to see here. 

Whenever my chores were done, I would get on my bike and ride to her
side of town, I would keep going by her house until I knew that she
had seen me. Then I would go into the hay loft in that old barn. In
about two minutes Sylvia would be laying on the hay next to me. We
kept a big old blanket there so that the hay would not scratch us.

It was here that I started to learn the secret of how much girls
like to be stroked and caressed. I would rub Sylvia's back and butt
for what seemed like hours. Of course she didn't have any titties
yet but she liked having her nipples rubbed. And then, there was
what she called my "delicious finger." She loved to have me finger
fuck her with just the tip of my finger. I tried to put more in once
but it hurt her. So, I kept using just the tip.

I guess I learned the next secret then. It is this: Never, never,
ever hurt a girl or force her to do anything she doesn't want to do.
Don't even try to persuade her to do something she doesn't want to
do. It just doesn't work. If you persuade her, she will feel used
and you will lose her as a friend and as a lover. Just be patient.
If you talk about something, or try something and it doesn't work,
then stop, it will plant a seed. When the time is right it will bear
fruit. 

That is the way it was with Sylvia. I never even undressed. She was
not ready for that. But, I did kiss her and caress her and stroke
her and tell her how beautiful she was to me. I even learned how to
make her feel good by rubbing her clitoris. You know what that
is, don't you? 

That is about all there is to the first part of the story about
Sylvia. After a while we each kind of went our separate ways. She
was in a younger grade so I didn't see her in school. 

But, there is a second part to her story. About five years later,
when she was twelve I rode by her house. She happened to be standing
by her front door so I went over to talk to her. She opened the door
and pulled me inside. Her parents were gone and she just about
attacked me. She kissed me so hard that it hurt. I tell you, Bobby,
I am so glad that I didn't try to do anything more to her when she
was so young. Because, now she was ready. 

In about three minutes we were both naked on her bed and fucking
like minks. She had grown up so beautifully. Her tits were now about
the size of large oranges. She had big hard nipples and her cunt
felt like it was just sucking on my cock. 

We had a lot of fun that afternoon. We didn't go steady or anything
like that but we were lovers from then on. Even today, when she has
kids older than you, we can get together and enjoy an hour or so. We
are still lovers. 

And that's the point in telling this story, Bobby. Get to be friends
and be loving and kind. The fucking will just come naturally. 

Soon after the time I started fucking Sylvia I was keeping a book.
Every girl was classified. You should start keeping one too. 

Every girl is different and sometimes you are horny for one type or
another. So, keep good notes. Today I keep a lot of notes about
personality and likes and dislikes. Back then, I only kept track of two
things, tits and pussy. Sometimes it was hard to keep track because
girls change so fast.

Tits were classified according to size and type of nipple. You have
heard of A-cups and B-cups, well these girls mostly weren't that
big. I would classify like: None, quarter (which meant could be
covered by a quarter), half-dollar, half-cup, lemon, orange, or hand
full. 

Nipples were dark or light, little or big or my favorite, puffy. 

By the way, Angela, who will be here in, let's see, ten minutes, is
a really great half-lemon puffy. Her titties are almost all puffy
nipple. You don't know about them, but over in Russia there are
churches with "onion top" towers. Well Angela's titties look almost
exactly like that. Her nipples puff out and around and there is a
little peak on the top. It's almost like she has a nipple or her
nipple. They are just great to suck. She loves it when you take
everything in your mouth and rub your tongue back and forth. You'll
find out. 

Oh yeah, her pussy. Angela is a short, blonde, soft-hair. 

Pussy hair is categorized from none to long, soft to wiry. I like
them all. A pussy that is bare is pretty sexy but so is one that has
mountains of hair. 

I kind of like hair to be reverse of age which is a little difficult
to find. What I mean is that a twelve or thirteen year old with a
wet bald hairless pussy really turns me on. But a ten year old with
a blanket of black pussy hair almost makes me cum on the spot. 

I'm telling you this because Veronica, your third girl scheduled for
today is exactly that, a ten year old with long, wire-hair. She is
really precocious. She has big handsful tits and you will not
believe how much hair she has. Her pussy is completely hidden. She
has stiff three inch long wiry curls that cover her pussy and go up
her stomach and down her legs and around to her butt. It is so stiff
that you could use it scrub pots like a Brillo pad. 

Veronica is great to eat. You can just bury your whole face in that
hair. She loves it, is very wet and cums really easy. That is why I
have chosen her to be your pussy eating teacher. 

She will tell you just what to do. And after you get done eating
her, you are going love fucking her. There is something so sexy
about sticking your cock through all that hair. It scratches and
tickles on the head and then you get through to hot wet cunt. 

I met Veronica in a coat closet at school. To be accurate, I caught
her there. 

Just as I was leaving school one night, I thought I heard a noise in
one of the classrooms. I went back and heard it again in the closet.
When I opened the door, there was Veronica and two boys. All three
were naked. One was kneeling by her feeling her breasts, the other
was in her, going just as fast as he could. 

They were all so scared when they saw me. I told the boys to get
dressed and get out, I knew who they were and I would talk to them
later. I really didn't know them and I didn't care. 

They were gone before Veronica could even get her clothes picked up.
Well, poor Veronica was left alone and scared to death. She had just
gotten her panties on when I called her over to me. 

You should have seen her relax when I told her I wouldn't tell
anybody. In fact, I told her, I wished I had been one of the boys,
especially the one pumping into her. When she heard that she looked
up at me with a little crooked smile. I could see what she was
thinking, "Maybe this won't be so bad after all."

Anyway, I asked her if she had ever had a man. She told me no, just
boys. I said OK, I am going to leave now. Get dressed. You don't
have to, but if you want to, go get into the back of that blue van
parked behind school. The door is unlocked. I will be out in a
while.

When I pulled out of my parking place, Veronica said, "Hi" from the
back. She has the sweetest little voice. I took her to one of my
favorite parking places and went back to her. 

Bobby, you are going to really love her. It is so much fun to
squeeze and suck her big soft tits. I told her over and over again
how great they were especially for her age.

Like most girls, she really loved to hear me tell her what I
thought.

But, Bobby, the best part of her by far, and the reason I have
chosen her for you is her hairy, hairy pussy. I told her that I was
going to kiss her between her legs. I had her lay on her back with
her butt on the edge of the bed. I knelt between her legs. All I
could think about was eating her. We talked about it for a while and
she said that no one had ever done that to her. I could tell that
she was getting just about as excited as I was. 

That was really an experience. I didn't even touch her with my
hands. I just began to nuzzle around with my face. Her whole pussy
was wet. All the hair around it was sopping. There was the most
erotic sex smell coming up from her. I just put my whole face into
that nest of hair. When I finally got my tongue down through the
hair and into lips at the bottom she began pushing her hips up at
me. 

I was glad that she did that. It showed that she liked it. This is
certainly another secret to remember. It is more important that your
lover enjoy what you are doing than that you do. Your enjoyment will
be automatic if she likes it. 

I started to work my tongue up between her lips and I got the
greatest surprise of all about her.  She has a BIG clitoris.  It's
the biggest I have ever seen on any girl.

I really wanted to see it so I asked her to spread her legs wide and
I pulled open her lips.  Her clitoris stuck up like a hard on. 

Yes, really. It was as big as a boys. I could actually jack her off
just like a boy. It was really sensitive. I think I only stroked her
twenty or twenty-five times before she had an orgasm. 

Making a girl cum is my favorite thing to do. Before we were done,
she had cum five times. Twice by jacking her off, and twice when I
was eating her. She really loves to be licked and to have her clit
sucked. That is what she wants you to do to her. 

The last time she came, I came too. She was lying on her back,
I was looking into her eyes and slow fucking her. 

I think we will be lovers for a long, long time. 

Getting anxious, huh? Well, be patient, Angela will be here in just
a couple of minutes. 

Yeah, I know. Mine is hard too. Now, Bobby, you are first on all the
girls. But, I get second. Then we can switch as much as we want. OK?

Oh, at school. That's where I met Angela, at school. Ever since I
got to teach third through eighth grade girls, I get a lot of
chances to find out who is interested and who is not. 

Angela showed me right away that she was interested. One day Angela
came up to my desk at the end of school to talk about the class
paper the students were putting on. The whole time we were talking
she was pushing her pussy against the corner of the desk. You know
how girls do that sometimes when they are talking to guys? 

Of course, she knew I was looking at it. So when I asked her to come
around to my side of the desk she came right up next to me. I just
kept talking and started caressing her butt. 

So, here's the secret, Bobby, body language! Watch every girl
carefully. Talk to every girl that you can. Be bold but watch their
reactions. If they are interested in more, they will let you know.
If they are not interested, drop them. Don't press on for a second.
It is just not worth it. There are too many out there that are
interested. Don't waste your time on those that aren't no matter
what they look like.

Anyway, Angela was obvious. Her body language said that she was
interested and ready. 

Usually I spend a lot of time with a girl before actually doing it
with her. By a lot, I mean days, sometimes even months. But Angela
was enjoying the ass rub so much that my cock started to ache. I
reached up under her dress and started rubbing up the inside of her
leg. Every little way I would squeeze and pull her tighter to me.
She just kind of purred. By the time my hand got to the crotch of
her panties she was soaking wet. 

She just kind of spread her legs and pushed down when I went inside
her panties and stuck my fingers inside her lips. Like I said, I
usually take a long time, but not with Angela. She looked over to
me, closed her eyes and just gave a contented cat smile. That did
it. I asked her if she was virgin. She said, "no" and that was the
end of the finger fuck. 

In about three minutes she was on the floor of the book closet and I
was screwing the sweetest little pussy I have had in a long time. We
started to do it every night after school until I told her she
couldn't come to see me there anymore. She was just too good and she
never wanted to stop.  She was wearing me out. 

Anyhow, you'll find out pretty quickly how sweet it is. 

Oh, one more thing about Angela. The last time we were together, she
was on the top. After we had both cum, she just lay there and I was
rubbing her butt. Well I got some of her juice on my finger and
started rubbing up the crack. When I got to her hole, I just went
around in a circle and just barely pushed. My finger never went in
but I knew it excited her. I was excited too and I got super hard
and really wanted to see what she felt like from the back. But the
time wasn't right so I didn't even try. 

That is what I mean by planting a seed. She will think about that
and some day maybe we'll have a little fun back there. We'll see. I
won't push, patience usually is rewarded. 

OK, it's about time. Peek out the window, see if she is leaving
the mall yet. 

She is? Great. Let's get our clothes off quick. That will shock her
when she comes in to see both of us sticking out. 

Oh man, this is going to be fun. I can't wait to watch you go into
her. 

Wow, Bobby, you have grown in the past year. Your cock is getting
almost as big as mine, and hairy balls too. Angela is going to love
that. 

Yup, that's her knock. Let her in. Now the fun can begin. 

Hi, Angela, surprise. Do you like what you see? 

Good, I thought you would. 

Yes, isn't he big?

Take everything off quick. Bobby was just about to cum in his pants
waiting for you. 

Isn't she gorgeous? See what I mean, Bobby, about beautiful puffy
tits? Go ahead suck them. Now the other one. But be gentle, use your
tongue. 

See how she arches her back? That is her, "I love it" body language.
Now rub her butt while you are sucking. Doesn't she have a soft ass?
Feel how she is starting to push her hips toward you? Do you know
what that says? 

Right on. That says lets quit fooling around, I want to fuck. 

Right, Angela? 

Hold, on though, just for a second guys. I want to make sure all the
shades are tight and turn on every light in the back. 

Bobby needs to be able to see how beautiful you are, Angela. He's
never seen a pussy except in a picture before and he needs to be
able to get a good look at yours. 

Now, lay back Angela. Let's just look at you for a second. 

Isn't she beautiful, Bobby. Look at her face and mouth. Look at her
arms and her chest. Those are the most beautiful sweet titties. Look
at her stomach. Doesn't she have a cute innie? See how her mound
sticks up. Go ahead, feel it. There is bone in there called the
pubic bone. In Latin, the mound is called the "Mountain of Love."
Feel how soft her hair is. Now feel down on the lips. See how soft
and tender they are? 

What? Oh yeah, that's normal. No hair on the lips is just about
normal for a girl of her age. 

You ought to say, "Happy Birthday" to her. She is going to be twelve
next week. 

Sure you can look inside. Just open the lips up. Feel that bump up
at the top. That is her clitoris. 

Yeah, rub it.  See how she likes it?

That's right, that's her cunt hole. Put two fingers inside. It won't
hurt her. Will it, Angela? 

Doesn't that wet softness feel great? Go ahead push your fingers way
in. 

Did she? Neat, lots of girls can do that with their cunts. Some
girls exercise so that they can do it really hard. Angela is just a
natural at squeezing. It feels even better on your cock. 

OK, OK. I'll quit talking. 

Angela, I think the best way for Bobby is for you to scoot down so
that your butt is right at the end of the bed. That way Bobby can
stand and see everything when he goes into you. 

Yeah, that's good, just like that. 

OK, Bobby, let her take it her hand. She will put it in just the
right place. 

Yes, Giggly, you sure do know the right place. You are the girl with
the golden pussy. Now show Bobby, Sweetheart. 

Wow! you really shoved it in her, Bobby. She really likes it. Look
at her face. 

Angela, you were the best choice in the world for Bobby's first. 

Hey, Bobby! Slow down. Don't go so fast.

Oh well, don't worry. Everybody cums quick the first time.
Especially, with Angela. 

Tell him, Angela. Tell him how quick I came the first time we
fucked. 

It's OK, Bobby, it's OK. Just climb up on the bed with her and let her
hug you and kiss you. You'll be ready in no time to do it again.

That's it, rub her cute little butt. See how much she likes it. 

See, Bobby, see what I told you, you're already stiff again. 

Now, just climb on top of Angela and do it again. 

Yeah, that's right, slow and easy, slow and easy. Just keep doing it
as long as you want. 

That was really great, Bobby. See how nice it is to use long slow
strokes? I hope that you noticed, you made Angela cum just before
you did. You've already learned good technique. 

Now just lay down and rest for a while. 

You guys have made me so hot, I just have to do Angela myself. 

So, come over here you beautiful Sweetheart. It's time I bury my
cock in you.

What? Really, Angela, you want to try it that way? Do you mean it?

Great, I am so ready. 

Listen up, Bobby, it's lesson time again. 

Angela, tell him what you just told me. 

See what I mean about planting seeds, Bobby?  Now she wants to try
it in the back.

Let me get the tube of lubrication. I have to cover my cock with it
and then put some on you. 

Angela, it's probably easiest if you get on your hands and knees. 

Of course you can watch, Bobby. Come over here so you can see.

Ok, guys, understand this. You always need lubrication. There's none
naturally here. I just spread her cheeks like this. See the little
pink puckered hole. I take the tube and put a whole gob of
lubrication there. Then with my finger I go round and round. 

Do you like it, Angela? 

I thought you would. 

Now, Bobby, I am going to put the head of my cock right on her hole
and gently push. It is very important to be gentle and not rush. It
will open by itself if I am gentle. 

Oh, Angela you feel so good. 

See, Bobby, the head is already in. I didn't even push. Angela is
pushing back. 

Man, Angela, my darling, you are tight. 

See, Bobby, she can take the whole length. I am just going to let it
rest all the way in her for a few seconds and then give her a good
butt fuck. 

Ready, Sweetheart? 

Oh, Angela, that was great. I think I shot about a quart of cum into
you. That felt so good. 

See, Bobby, even an adult cums quickly sometimes. 

Well did you like it Angela? 

You did? You came that quick too? Well great! I guess you did like
it. 

Let's just stay here for a few seconds before I pull out. That
really drained me. 

Uh, half-past, why? 

Oh, no, you should have told me your mom wanted you home early. I
would have had you come to the van sooner. 

You had better get going. You don't want your mom to be getting
suspicious. Maybe on Monday we can break the rule just once and you
can stay after school to work on the paper again. OK? 

Oh, you are a Smart Alek. Yes, I too think that back part needs more
work. We need to give it special attention on Monday. 

Well, goodbye Sweetheart. Get right home. I really love you. 

So, Robert, how does it feel to be a man that's had his first
woman? 

I am so glad. I knew you would love her. Isn't she super? I can't
get enough of her either. That's why I chose her to be your first. 

But, I am sorry she had to leave so soon. I know you wanted to do
her again. But don't worry, I have five more scheduled. Each one has
a specialty that she will teach. I already told you about Veronica
who will teach you about eating pussy. 

I know you will also love Joyce. Joyce is the old woman of the
bunch. She will be here in a few minutes.

Joyce is fourteen. But, when you see her naked, you will think she
is nine. Her tits are just buttons and her pussy is completely one
hundred percent hairless. 

I met Joyce last year when I was chaperoning at a school party. 

Most boys just don't understand girls. They think the size of the
tits is everything. Well, Bobby, it's an important secret to know
that the size doesn't count at all. Some of the very best lovers you
can get are not the prettiest and do not have the biggest breasts.
But they still can be the very best friends and lovers. 

None of the boys were paying any attention to little flat-chested
Joyce. So, I started talking to her. She is really a nice girl. She
is very bright. 

Soon we were talking and joking and having fun together. I took a
chance and "accidently" gave her a little pat on the butt as we were
standing at the back of the room where it was pretty dark. She
didn't pull away so I patted it again. Then I felt her push back
against my hand. That was all the signal I needed. I started
caressing her butt all over. Her whole body told me how much she
liked it. 

Soon she followed me into an empty classroom. I kissed her then. She
was a very good kisser. I told her how much I liked her kissing and
how good it felt to caress her bottom. Then I did the bold thing. I
asked her if it was OK for me to put my hand up under her dress and
rub her. She didn't hesitate for a second before she said yes. 

Well, Bobby, she has a wonderful soft little ass. I pulled her to
me, started kissing her again and rubbed the back of her panties. I
would have been very satisfied with just that but she pushed her
body so tight to me that I knew she was asking for more. That's when
I asked her if she would take off her panties. She giggled and said
that she wouldn't but I could take them off. 

That was the best thing she could have said. Pulling a girl's
panties down is one of the most exciting things you can do. 

That is when I found out that she had no hair at all on her pussy or
at least it was so light that I could not feel it. She loved having
her pussy squeezed though and she got as wet as anyone I have ever
felt. We both had a really nice time. I still have her little
panties. 

I didn't see her for quite a while after that. Then at the beginning
of the summer I saw her at the swimming pool, still flat chested and
skinny as ever. I gave her a ride home. On the way she told me that
her mom did not expect her for another three hours. 

So we took a ride in the country. That's why I like this van. It is
so convenient. We stopped in a secluded place that I know and I
asked her if she wanted to come in the back with me. She said that
she did, so we came back here. At first we just talked. Then we
kissed and I told her how pretty I thought she was. And, I wasn't
kidding, I did think she was pretty. 

At first she didn't really believe me, but finally she realized that
I was serious. I did think she was pretty and sexy. We lay on our
sides, I rubbed her sweet little butt and finally I asked her to
take off her clothes. At first she hesitated. She wanted to know if
I really thought she was sexy. 

I assured her that I did. Then I said I would prove it. So I hopped
up, and took off my shirt. Then right in front of her face, I pulled down
my pants. My cock was sticking right at her. She was fascinated. I
told her a man doesn't get like that unless he thinks the girl he is
with is sexy. 

Now she believed me. 

She stripped everything off. Man, was she skinny. But, one sexy
thing about skinny, it makes a girl's mound and pussy stick out
more. 

Her little titties, as you will see in a few minutes, were just
little hard buttons. I hugged her and told her how beautiful she
was. She came over on top of me and kind of dry fucked me. I like a
girl to be on top. You really get to rub her butt. 

After a while, I laid her on her back and told her I was going to
give her an around the world kiss. She wanted to know what that was
so I showed her. 

I started at the top of her head and kissed her all over her face.
Then I went down her neck and all over her arms and hands then to
her little flat chest. This is where you have need to learn, Bobby,
that it is not the size of the tits that counts. Even though hers
were tiny, they were very sensitive. She just moaned as I sucked and
licked them. I think if I would have continued, she would have cum
from me just sucking her titties. 

Remember, Bobby, the most important thing you can do with a girl is
to please her. Don't worry about yourself, you will have all you can
handle if you will concentrate on pleasing her. Soon she started
moving her hips, you know how Angela made those little fucking
motions when you sucked her tits? Well, Joyce started that. 

Of course, that's obvious body language. So I continued down with my
kisses. I was going to go down her legs and back up but she was too
ready. So, I just slid down, separated her legs and began to kiss
her pussy. She loved every second of it. I started to lick her clit
and it was stiff hard. She grabbed my head and pulled me down to her
and then fucked her hips up into my face. 

I knew I had found what pleased her. I hardly had to do anything
except stick out my tongue. She moved my head and fucked my face.
The whole time she didn't say a word but just made little moaning
sounds. Soon she began to shudder and finally dropped back. 

We talked and I learned that she had never had an orgasm before. She
was covered with sweat, I hugged her and told her how beautiful she
was to me. I began to explore her pussy with my hands. She liked it
a lot.

But when I put the tip of my finger a little ways up into her, she
winced a little so I knew that she was not ready. That's why she is
still virgin. Though, I am sure she will soon be ready. 

Now that I think about it, maybe we ought to start a little project
with Joyce next week. That will be good training. I'll teach you how
to gently and slowly stretch out a girl until she can take a whole
cock. It may take a few days or even a few weeks, but the wait will
be worth it.  Then I bet she will let you be her first.

Anyhow, she wanted to do something for me. We talked about different
things. She already knew about cock sucking and she asked me to
teach her. Those were fun lessons. 

I taught her how to keep her mouth soft yet apply some suction. I
taught her how to stroke my cock and then how to cup and gently
squeeze my balls. As I told you before, Joyce is a bright girl. She
learned quickly. 

The first time I came, I pulled out and came on her stomach. But,
after she had tasted my cum, she decided that it wasn't bad. So, the
next time I just let it gush into her mouth. 

And that's how it's been ever since. Whenever we get a chance, I eat
her and she sucks me. We have a great relationship and are good
friends. She has become an expert at sucking. That is why I choose
her to be your second girl. 

She was really excited when she learned that she would be the first
girl to suck you. She really wants you to cum in her mouth.

I want you to know that I really love little Joyce. I never forget
to tell her how sexy and pretty she is. She really loves to have
someone undress her so let's do that together when she comes in. Be
sure to rub her little button titties and tell her how pretty they
are. And you will see what a soft little butt she has. 

And, oh yes, I think she wants to do her little sex show for you,
too. 

You like that idea, huh? OK, I'll tell you what she does. After we
are both undressed she has me sit on a chair. Then she does the most
beautiful little ballet dance. After she finishes she stands right
in front so her titties can be sucked and I can feel her bald pussy.
Then she sits in that chair across from us, spreads her legs and
masturbates until she cums. You are going to get excited when you
see her doing herself. She is a great little girl. 

So now you know about Veronica and Joyce and what they will teach.
I'll tell you about Stephanie, Marsha and Brenda after Joyce leaves.
You won't believe what Brenda's specialty is, but you will love it. 

What? Uh, no, Bobby. I guess I don't. I forgot. I am sorry. I
thought about a lot of things but I don't have anyone to teach that.

I guess I thought that if Angela wanted to do it that way with me
she would do it with you too. I am so sorry she had to go home
early. 

That really excited you, huh? It did me too. You really wanted to do
her in the back too? Oh, I am sorry. I know she would have wanted it
too.

Yes, you're right her little butt was tight. 

Well, Bobby, maybe we can invite her over for dinner next week. She
would love to have both of us again. 

Oh, man, you are so hard again. I can't get over how big your cock
is when it's hard.

You really want to do it in the back don't you? How I wish that I
could help you but I don't know any way that I could. 

What?? Me? Oh, I don't know.

The hell with it! OK, Son, hand me that lubrication tube. 

After all, dads have been getting it there for many years and this
is a special day. 

You are never going to have another tenth birthday. 

Regards,

Carl ( DoctorP)















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

