	-ROBIN AND THE CATWOMAN - 
			    - Part One-


	"Oh my head."  Robin whispered as he
stirred awake.
	It took a few moments for him to fully regain 
consciousness.  His last memory was of chasing
someone across the  Gotham rooftops, now he was
in someone's apartment.
	"I've been captured!"  He screamed in his
mind as he suddenly realized he was under restraints.
	Taking a deep breath, he willed himself to
think calmly, just as Batman as taught him.  Take
stock of the situation, then form a plan of action.
	The room was in semi-darkness, illuminated
only by the moonlight filtering through the skylight. 
Bright blue eyes surveyed the loft.  Not much to see.
A studio apartment, very nondescriptive.  Could be
anywhere in Gotham City - or for that matter any
city.  A small bed, three dressers, small kitchenette. 
Then he noticed a two suitcases in the corner. 
Someone was either just moving in or ready to move
out.
	Next he again tried his bonds.  No good,
they were strong leather straps.  He was strapped to
some sort of homemade wooden table, attached to
some sort of wheel and pulley system that allowed
the bed to be raised and lowered.  He could be
turned straight up to a standing position or laid flat. 
Currently he was locked into an forty five degree
angle.  If anything, it reminded him of something out
of those old Frankenstein movies.  
	"Ok, I'm not strong enough to break out of
this."  He said to himself.  "So lets consider rescue
options."
	Across the room he could see his bright
yellow cape and green gloves draped across a chair. 
He couldn't see his utility belt anywhere.
	"Figures, that'd be the first thing they took." 
Robin said to himself. "The homing transmitter
would make rescue all to easy."
	Then the sixteen year old adventurer made
another futile attempt to loosen his bonds.  In his
mind he reviewed the events leading up to his
predicament.
	He'd been on the way back from making a
personal appearance at the new Gotham Boy's Club
over in West Douglaston  when he spotted a dark
figure exiting a  tenth  floor window of the Diamond
Exchange.  He'd tried Batman on his cycle's radio
but got only static.  It would be impossible to follow
the figure on the streets, so he bat-roped to the roof
and took off after the thief.
	Despite his years of circus acrobatic training,
continued and improved on by the Batman, Robin
was unable to do more than keep the dark figure in
sign. Whoever they were - they were good.  After
about ten minutes he was about to give up, he'd lost
the burglar somewhere near the waterfront.  Flipping
on his portable radio, he was about to check in when
he caught a sudden movement off to his right.  
	The green and red clad boy whirled around
and quickly took off across the roof.  He was only a
few seconds behind his adversary when he suddenly
felt himself falling.  Robin had only a split second to
realize that the rotting roof of this long abandoned
building had given way beneath him.  Then he was
engulfed in darkness.
	"Well Dickie boy, you really did it this time." 
the Boy Wonder said.  "When Batman catches up to
you he's really going to read you the riot act about
taking off on your own."
	He really didn't want to consider the
possibility that Batman wouldn't catch up to him. 
Or that his captor might have planned a fatal
conclusion to the nights adventure.
	Who was his captor?   That was a good
question.  Was it the shadowy thief he'd chased
across the rooftops?  Or was it someone who'd just
stumbled upon his unconscious body in that empty 
warehouse.
	One good thing in his favor, aside from a low
grade headache and a few minor bruises, he didn't
seem to be hurt.  Another thing in his favor was that
he was still wearing his mask, meaning that whoever
had brought him here didn't know his Dick Grayson
identity.  Not that he was famous or anything, but
he'd been photographed with Bruce enough times
for someone to have seen a picture.  If  Bruce
Wayne's ward was moonlighting as Robin, could
there be any question about who was Batman. 
	Far off in the distance, Dick heard a clock
chiming two.  He'd been unconscious for almost
three hours.  Batman had to be out looking for him
by now.  But looking where?
	For the next twenty minutes that thought
dominated his thinking.  Without that utility belt, it
was going to be pure chance that he was found.
Could his captor have already left, abandoning him
here.  It that was the case, he might never be found.
	That morbid concept was suddenly
interrupted by the sound of padded footsteps on the
roof.  Followed by the appearance of a dark form at
the edge of the skylight.
	"Batman?"  Robin whispered under his
breath.
	Half of the old style skylight opened and the
shadowy figure dropped into the room.  With a
catlike grace the silhouette landed on the hard wood
floor.  Still covered in shadows, it moved across the
room to a light switch next to the door.
	"I can tell you're awake,"  Said a soft
melodious voice as she hit the light switch, flooding
the room with light.  "No sense is trying to hide it."
	Illuminated by the twin rows of track lighting
that covered the opposite walls, She stood revealed. 
Clad in a skintight dark purple jumpsuit, she wore a
tight fitting cowl with small cat ears.  Although she
had never been photographed, Robin had no doubt
as to her identity.
	"You're the Catwoman!"  He said in an
excited voice.
	"Well that's pretty obvious..."  She
responded as she walked across the room.  "Any
other revelations?"
	As she stood on front of him, Robin couldn't
help but be impressed by her purple clad body.  He'd
always thought Batgirl had a hard body, but next to
the Catwoman she might as well been a boy.  
	"I must've been out of my mind bringing you
up here."  She said as she tossed a small carry bag
onto the bed.  "If I was the hardened criminal they
keep writing about in the papers I'd have left you
back in that warehouse. The way some of those rags
write about me I should've slit your throat, just to
keep in practice."
	A slight shiver ran through Robin at that
suggestion.  Then he told himself that if she wanted
him dead,  she already had ample opportunity.
	"Why did you bring me up here?"  Robin
asked.
	"I was impressed by the way you tried to
keep up with me back there at the Diamond
Exchange."  She began.  "No ones ever even spotted
me on a job, and here you were on my heels for over
a mile.  When I saw you fall through that roof, I
doubled back to see how badly you were hurt."
	"To be honest, I only spotted you at the
Exchange by accident."  Robin interrupted, figuring
better to keep on her good side.  "And I was about
to give up when you bolted out of that last cubby-
hole."
	"Well that makes me feel a little better,"  She
said as she smiled.  "I take great pride in my
abilities."
	She paused as she pulled off her cowl,
revealing short black hair.  She looked to be about
27, with features more cute than beautiful.  Running
her fingers across her head, she combed it into an
almost boyish style.
	"Were was I?  Oh yes, I doubled back to see
how badly you were hurt.  At first glance,  your
injuries looked a lot worse than they really were. 
You landed in a pile of garbage bags, they broke
your fall.  Nothing was broken, I've had paramedic
training.  At first I figured I'd just call an ambulance
and get out of there while the getting was good. 
Then I spotted a group of waterfront dregs already
watching from the broken windows.  If I left you
there, you might not be alive when the boys in white
showed up."
	"Thank you, I'm grateful."  Robin said
emotionally. "I really mean that."
	"I believe you do"  Catwoman replied. "I've
never killed anyone, never wanted to be the cause of
anyone else's death.  Unlike most of those costume
clowns running around this city, I'm only in this for
the money.  Let them play their power trip games
while they try and outfox the Police and Batman. 
I'm content with having never been seen, only
glimpsed."
	"Until now...."  Robin said, suddenly feeling
a little insecure.
	"Until now....."  Catwoman repeated.
	A long silence hung in the air until the
Catwoman finally spoke again.
	"I guess I have to make sure that you can't
tell anyone about the Catwoman."  She said.
	Robin's face went pale with her words and he
felt his body grow suddenly cold.  
	"Since I already passed on my chance to do
away with you....."  Catwoman said.  "I guess I'll
have to kill the Catwoman instead."
	"What?"  Robin asked, certain he had heard
wrong.
	"Kill the Catwoman."  She repeated.  "If she
doesn't exist, then your description doesn't matter
does it?"
	Robin let out a sigh of relief.
	"I've been planning to retire the tights after a
few more jobs,"  Catwoman continued.  "I guess I
should take this as a sign that its time.  No sense
tempting fate.  After all, I already have enough
money.  All safe and sound in the best banks."
	"Catwoman...I....."  Robin began.
	He was cut off as she placed am outstretched
index finger against his lips, signifying silence.
	"I told you, from this moment on, there is no
Catwoman."  She said softly.  "My name is Selina."
	"Selina......"  He corrected himself.  "I was
wondering...."
	"You're wondering what I'm planning to do
with you?"
	"Yes."
	"Well, seeing as you don't need immediate
medical attention." Selina said. "I figure I'll just leave
you where you are and call the police with your
location when I leave here in the morning.  Its not as
if you're going anywhere before then."  She added as
she ran her gloved hand against the edge of Robin's
table.
	"I see your point." Robin replied.
	"Interesting little toy, isn't it?"  Selina noted
as she adjusted the strap across Robin's chest.  "The
woman I subleased this loft from was heavily into
Bondage and Discipline. When she went to Europe
for the summer, she put most of her toys into
storage, but she had to leave this  one behind. 
Haven't had any use for it until now."
	"Lucky me."  Robin answered. 
	 With Selina only a foot away from him,
Dick found himself becoming increasingly aware of
her as a woman.  The soft natural redness of her lips. 
The bright green of her eyes.  The enticing curve of
her breasts.  In his mind he was having difficulty
concentrating on being Robin.  He felt himself
slipping back into Dick Grayson, with a 16 yr old's
hormones.  He was relieved when Selina turned and
started to walk away from him.  Watching her as she
moved, the Boy Wonder couldn't help but note - she
had a beautiful ass.
	"Oh by the way,"  The black haired woman
said as she stopped and turned.  "If you've been
looking for your utility belt, its not here. I found the
micro-transmitter and the homing device in it when I
carried you up here.  I turned it on and dumped it
across town on the Oakridge section.  Wouldn't
want Batman showing up unexpectedly would we?"


	Selina spent the next hour packing her
belongings in the two suitcases Robin had spotted
earlier.  She had laid out a change of clothes, but
except for the gloves she had removed earlier, she  
still wore the purple jumpsuit of the now "deceased"
Catwoman.
	"There, ready to go."  Selina announced. 
"It's still a few hours till sunrise, No sense it drawing
too much attention by leaving while its still dark."
	Robin was counting the minutes until he
would be free.  The sooner she was gone, the sooner
he would be out of here.  So intent was he on this
idea, that he didn't even notice at first that Selina
was stripping out of the purple catsuit right in front
of him.
	"I hope you don't embarrass easily,"  She
said as she pulled the form fitting outfit down her
body. "But there's barely room in that bathroom to
shower, much less change clothes."
	Embarrass wasn't the word for what Robin
felt.  The flush he felt in his reddening face was
nothing to the  warmness between his legs as he felt
his dick growing hard.  Stripped of her tight purple 
jumpsuit, Selina exhibited a lean firm body that any
professional athlete would envy.  Her breasts, while
not large were perfectly formed, held in place by a
black sports bra.  Every muscle was toned to
perfection, the result of endless hours in a gym.  By
the time she was down to just her bra and matching
panties, Dick could feel his cock straining against his
dark green briefs.  
	It was at that moment that Selina pulled off
her bra, letting her small breasts pop free.  The sign
of those firm mounds and the small pink nipples atop
them was more than Dick could stand.
	"Wow!"  He exclaimed softly.
	He hoped that she hadn't heard, but she had. 
She smiled at his comment and then walked over to
him. Try as he could, it was impossible for Robin to
hide his hard on.
	"I guess I'll take that as a compliment."  She
said as she noted the large bulge in his shorts. 
	Giving in to temptation, Selina reached down
with her fingers and traced the outline of his cock
through Robins briefs.  Surprised to find that erect it
measured almost seven inches, she laughed as it
jumped at her touch.
	"I guess that's another reason they call you
the Boy Wonder."  She laughed.


	-ROBIN AND THE CATWOMAN - 
			    - Part Two


	Robin didn't reply, but her fingers had felt
nice against his cock, even through the material of
his shorts.
	"You know, that also answers another
question I always wondered about."  She continued
as she retraced her fingers in the opposite direction.
" I always wondered if Batman and you were queer.
I mean why else would a grown man run around
with a teenage boy unless he was buggering him.  I
can see that at least you like girls."
	"Batman's no queer!"  Robin called out.
	"Well I guess I'll have to take your word for
it." Selina replied as she gave his cock a playful
squeeze.
	Impressed by the hardness in her hand,
Selina made a decision.
	"I know I shouldn't be doing this, but I have
to take a peek."
	With that she gripped both sides of his green
briefs and pulled both them and his underwear down
to his knees.  Released from the tight confines of his
costume, Robin's cock sprung upward, pointing to
the ceiling in all its youthful splendor."
	"Wow!"  Selina said. Now it was her turn to
be impressed.
	Rather than be embarrassed,  Robin was
proud that she was impressed.
	"I bet you have girls lining up at your high
school to have a turn at that."  Selina said as she
cupped his balls in one hand and ran her nails
alongside the thick shaft.
	Dick tried to hide his response, but for a
moment, his expression  betrayed him.
	"I can't believe that,"  Selina said in surprise,
"Not with a body like you have and equipment like
that.  No way you're a virgin."	
	But Dick knew that he was.  It wasn't that
girls hadn't been interested.  Many had, and more
than a few had made their interest crystal clear.  Yet
if was impossible to let anyone get that close.  He
couldn't take the chance that anyone might find out
he was Robin.  
	Watching the expression change on the teen's
face, Selina knew that indeed he was.  Still stroking
his erect cock, she was overcome with sudden
desire.
	"You know, I've stolen just about everything
of great value you can think of.  Cash, jewels,
stocks."  She said.  "But I've never stolen anything
as precious as a boy's cherry."
	Robin looked right into her eyes and knew
that she wanted him. To be totally honest with
himself, he wanted her as well.
	"Until now..."  Selina concluded.
	With that she dropped down and took
Robin's throbbing penis into her mouth and began to
suck softly on it.

	
	Robin couldn't believe the incredible
sensation he felt as he felt the wetness of Selina's
mouth engulf his boyhood.  Every nerve in his cock
was alive and as her tongue passed along the length
of his dick, it sent sparks throughout his body. 
Beginning at the base of his balls, Selina began to
lick and kiss her way to his crown.  Licking the
underside of his cockhead, she brought soft moans
of delight from his lips.  The she wrapped her lips
around it once again and deep throated his length.
	Pushing against his restraints, Robin
struggled to push more of his cock into her willing
mouth.  With what movement he had, he began to
thrust his pelvis, face-fucking Selina.  Reaching
down with her free hand, Selina freed Robin's legs
from their restraints.  His legs now free, the Boy
Wonder was able to double his gyrations, bringing a
smile to her cock filled mouth.
	Already she could taste the first drops of
precum on her tongue.  Selina knew that Robin was
close to exploding. Gripping his balls and pressing
on his urethra, she tried to hold him back as long as
possible.  At the rate he was pumping, it would only
be seconds more.  As her mouth finished an upward
motion and had just begun to recover the crown,
Selina's mouth suddenly filled with an explosion of
hot, sweet, boycum.  
	She immediately swallowed as fast as she
could, taking his cock deep into her mouth as a
second volley followed the first.  She swallowed this
as well, making room for a third burst.  This one she
held in her mouth, moving it around with her
tongue.  Small drippings exited the corners of her
mouth as a fourth and final salvo caught her by
surprise.  Boy Wonder indeed.
	Temporarily spent, Robin's cock began to
grow semi-soft in her mouth.  Selina let it slide free,
then began to lick it clean with her tongue.  Less
than a minute later not a drop remained.
	Standing up, she looked at Robin's no longer
innocent face.  She released the table locks and
rotated him to a standing position.  Moving closer,
she kissed him.  Softly at first, then a little harder as
her tongue slid between his lips.  As his own tongue
made contact with hers, Robin got his first taste of
his own cum.  He was surprised that it didn't bother
him, not since it had come as a gift from this
wonderful woman before him.
	"I'd unfasten you more,  my Boy Wonder," 
Selina said as she stroked his cheek.  "But I'm still
not the trusting sort.  Besides, the lessons just
beginning........and its going to be a bumpy ride.


	Running her hands across Robin's muscular
chest, Selina began to undo the yellow laces that
held his red tunic together.  Opening the last one,
she pulled the tunic apart as far as it would go. 
Then she took a firm grip on the green shirt beneath
it and ripped that open too.  A wide smile filled her
face as she ran her nails across his naked hairless
chest.  
	"Nice..."  Selina purred as she stroked his
pectorals.  "You must spend a lot of time in the
gym."
	Up to that moment, Dick had never
appreciated the endless hours he'd spent working out
in the Batcave.  Her fingers felt so good as they
moved across his skin.  As they touched his nipples,
Selina gave each one of them a playful tug.
	"Like that, don't you?"  She said as she
continued to gently caress his nipples. "Most young
men don't realize how sensitive their nipple can be."
	Moving closer, she kissed first one nipple,
then the other.  Then her tongue began to work it's
magic, bring little sparkles of pleasure to his body.
She continued to tongue his now erect nipples as her
hand glided down to his semi-erect cock.  Taking it
in hand, she was pleased to note it was already
beginning to harden.
	"Now its my turn."  Selina said as she again
adjusted the side wheel on his tablebed and lowered
him to a horizontal position.  
	Maintaining a firm grip on his cock, Selina
raised herself onto the bed and positioned herself so
that her breasts were flush with his face.
	"Lets see how observant you were?"  She
said as she lowered one breast to his mouth.
	Reaching upward with his tongue as he had
watch her do a few minutes before, Robin traced the 
light pink outline of her aureole.  Then he rubbed the
tip of his tongue against the top of Selina's eraser
sized nipples.  Finally he lifted his head just a little,
taking the whole crown in his mouth.
	It wasn't the first time he'd sucked on a
breast, but the two high school encounters before
this couldn't compare.  Selina's body scent was
intoxicating  as he covered it with his saliva. 
Pleased with his efforts, Selina shifted her other
breast into his reach.
	As Robin continued to suckle, Selina had
brought his youthful cock back to full hardness.  She
grazed the underside of his balls with her long red
nails, tweaking the small black hairs that surrounded
them.
	She knew he was ready to go again, but
there was one more lesson he needed to learn before
the final one.  In her opinion, it was the most
important one.
	Standing up on the bed, she moved forward
and squatted over his face.  With her legs spread,
Selina lowered herself until  her bushy  mound
hovered right over his waiting mouth.   
	"OK, Boy Wonder,"  She said.  "Lets see
how good you can use that talent on this."
	Robin stared for a few seconds at the hairy
pussy barely two inches above him.  It was his first
real look at a woman's sex.  That was of course if he
discounted the brief look he'd gotten at Barbara
Gordon when he walked in on her coming out of the
shower one night she had stayed at Wayne Manor. 
Mousy librarian that she was,  Dick was amazed to
discover that she had a body almost as good as
Batgirl's.  What a waste he had thought at the time.
	"Well?"  Selina asked, snapping Robin's mind
back from it's wandering.
	 Since Robin's hands were still restrained,
Selina reached down with one hand and parted her
cunt lips.  Lifting his head as far as he could, Robin
began to lick away as fast as he could.  
	Selina could tell it was his first experience
licking a woman.  His tongue was all over the place,
but occasionally he would hit the right spot. She
gently took a hold of his head and began to guide
him to her sensitive spots.  
	"Easy..."  She whispered as she lowered
herself so that her open cunt now rested on top of
his eager mouth.  "Just take it nice and slow, let
your tongue glide in and out."
	Finally Robin began to follow her
instructions and began to be rewarded with his first
tastes of girlcum.  It was very different from his own
which he'd tasted a little earlier. While his had been
salty and a little tart, Selina's was sweet. Never the
less, he found it to be a  delicious flavor.  Dick was
sure that none of the girls at school could ever have
tasted so good.
	"That's better..."  Selina said as she arched
back and enjoyed the feel of his tongue inside her. 
"Not so talkative now, huh.  I guess the pussy's got
your tongue!"
	Pinned beneath her, Dick wanted to groan at
the bad pun. To think he used to like childish things
like that.  
	Rubbing her now well lubricated cunt back
and forth over Robin's face, Selina soon covered  it
with a thin layer of girljuice.  As she lifted herself off
him, she couldn't resist licking a little of it off.
	"Mmmm"  She purred as her tongue licked
the side of his face.  "I think you're ready for the
main event."
	Backtracking her earlier steps on the bed,
Selina moved to a point where her wet pussy now
hovered over Robin's rock hard member.  Taking it
in hard, she held it straight and lowered herself onto
it.
	With the cockhead at the entrance walls of
her womanhood, she paused a moment.  Her
emerald green eyes looked into his baby blues.  The
fire between her legs flared in intensity as she saw
the hunger in those eyes.
	Dropping an inch, she eased his cockhead
inside her.  It slid effortlessly, quickly covered by the
heavy lubrication Robin had produced through his
efforts.  Then in a quick motion she dropped all the
way and took him totally within her.
	Robin gasped at the sudden envelopment of
his boyhood.  The wet pressure around it brought a
smile of satisfaction to his face.  If he thought having
his boycock in her mouth was heaven, the words
didn't exist to describe this incedible delight. As
Selina began to move up and down on his pole, the
sensations grew in intensity.  Bracing her hand
against the sides of the bed, Selina began to rise and
drop with an ever increasing frequency.  Faster and
faster, she pumped, creating a suction that was
drawing the life out of his cock.
	"Oh God....Selina!.."  Robin called out as he
tried to match her motions. 
	At the rate she was moving, Selina knew that
he would cum quickly.  Few 16 yr olds had any kind
of self control.  A few minutes later she felt his body
tensing.  Lifting herself higher so that his cock nearly
fell out of her, she drove herself down on it with a
fury.  Up again she raised and then down with the
same abandon.  Twice more was all it took as she
felt the first hot burst erupt inside her.
	Slamming her body down upon him, Selina
grabbed his arms and pulled him to her.  Her mouth
sought out his and she kissed him passionately while
his seed spread within her.  Holding him pressed
tightly  against her, she continued to pump his still
firm cock until his balls had been squeezed of every 
last drop of that beautiful white cream.        
	Finally it was done and her hot, sweat
covered body collapsed upon his.  Too exhausted to
even lift herself, she just laid there, his cock still
within her.  Eventually it began to shrink to its pre-
aroused state and slipped from within her.  So
drained were they both, that after closing their eyes
for a moment, they both drifted off to sleep.
	
	Bright golden sunlight flooded the skylight
when Selina finally opened her eyes.  Glancing
upward, she saw that Robin was already awake but
had made no move to awaken her. She was pleased
that he still wore that broad satisfied grin he had
fallen asleep with.
	"I have to tell you kid,"  She said as she
climbed off him.  "You're really something.  A little
practice and you're going to be irresistible."
	Glancing at the clock, Selina was shocked to
find that it was already nine.  She had to get out of
here.  Running into the bathroom, she took a hasty
shower and quickly dressed.
	"Give me a few minutes to get myself
together and I'll get  you cleaned up afterwards." 
Selina called over to Robin as she zippered up her
dress. 
	For the first time since awakening, Robin
glanced down at himself and was surprised at how
he looked.  Ripped costume. Naked from the chest
down.  Dried cum caked on both his face and groin. 
Not exactly the image the correct young hero was
supposed to project.  Still, last night had been
incredible.
	
	Selina had just finished setting her other
earring when she glanced out the window over the
kitchen area.  Her pretty face suddenly turned a cold
pale.
	"Oh shit!"  She exclaimed.
	"What's the matter?"  Robin called out as he
tried to jump up protectively only to be pulled back
by the straps he still wore.
	"No time for the luggage,"  Selina said to
herself as she grabbed her carrybag, all she really
needed was inside that anyway. "I have to get out of
here now!"
	Quickly moving for the door, she paused for
a second next to her young lover.  Impulsively, she
bent down and kissed him.
	"I meant what I said before, Richard,  you
were one hell of a fuck!"  She said before
disappearing out the door.
	
	"She knew!"  Robin said as he strained to try
and see what had spooked her at the window.  "She
must've had my mask off when she examined my
cuts when I was unconscious."
	Richard Grayson didn't have long to ponder
the thought as a tall dark blue and gray figure
appeared within view of the kitchen window.  With
a practiced ease, the Darknight threw a silk line
across the alleyway and swung onto the rooftop. 
Appearing at the skylight, he quickly opened it and
dropped inside.
	At first he ignored the bound figure in front
of him.  He used the first few seconds  of his entry
to assess his surroundings.  Finally satisfied they
were alone, he produced a small sharp edged blade
from the yellow utility belt around his waist.  With
quick motions of his gloved hands, he cut the leather
straps which had held Robin captive.
	Robin sat up slowly, rubbing his wrists. 
Batman didn't say a word, he just took a long look
at his ward and his somewhat unusual condition.
	"Bruce..... I...."  Robin began, but was cut
off by a wave of the Batman's hand.
	"Later, right now lets get you dressed and
out of here."
	As Robin pulled on what was left of his
costume and recovered his bright yellow cape,
Batman ran his hand along the length of the
homemade operating table.
	"I'm not sure what exactly happened here," 
He said in a powerful authoritative tone. "But chum,
when we get back to the Batcave, you and I are
going to have a long, long talk."
	Robin didn't reply. Instead he palmed a small
perfumed handkerchief from the dresser and slid it
into the pouch of his cape.  No matter the outcome
of the promised talk, it had been worth it

END 
