Archive-name: Changes/robin-c.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Robin - 3


 "You have been behaving like a big baby wetting yourself like that" she
 said after pulling his skirt down and standing him back up. "Since you
 are acting like such an infant perhaps these nice people think you would
 be better off wearing baby diapers! You are obviously not old enough to
 wear big girl clothes." The audience burst into laughter and began
 cheering. "Please Mommy!!" Robin sobbed rubbing his flamming bottom
 "don't make me wear a diaper in front of everyone! I promise I won't
 wet myself again! I promise!" He was becoming cold standing there in a
 wet dress with his panties still around his ankles. "Mommy knows what
 is best for her little girl, doesn't she?" she asked. Robin was horrified!
 It was bad enough to have to wear a dress and be spanked in front of a
 whole room full of people, but now he was going to be dressed up like
 a baby! He had never worn any of his baby outfits in front of anyone but
 his Misstress before. Once again he began to cry in shame. "Now don't cry
 little baby, Mommy has a nice dry diaper for you." she said as she took a
 large quilt out of her bag and spread it on the floor. Robins Misstress
 very quickly pulled his wet clothing off of him  and ordered him to lay
 on the baby quilt. He felt just awful laying there with absolutely nothing
 on but the people in the audience were loving it. He tried to cover his
 stiffy with his hands but of course everyone knew what he was doing.
 From her big cloth bag Misstress Ann pulled a large adult sized disposable
 diaper and a can of baby powder. She sprinkled powder on his tummy and
 gently smoothed it in all the while talking to him as if he were a small
 infant. She had him roll over on his tummy so she could powder his still
 sore and red bottom and then she had him roll back over and raise his
 hips so that she could slip the diaper under him. She slapped his hands
 away from his penis and everyone could see how stiff and hard it was
 because it was sticking straight up. His Misstress smiled at Robin and
 slowly and gently began rubbing his peter up and down as he lay there.
 "Please Mommy!" he whispered "don't do that here!" She just continued to
 stroke him while the audience watched.
"That doesn't look like a little GIRL to me!" someone in the audience
 shouted and everyone began to laugh. The humiliation and the gentle
 stroking soon had Robin flushed and breathing hard. "Is Robin going to
 wet herself again?" Misstress Ann asked as he began to gasp and moan.
 "Yes Mommy, Yes!" he began to moan to himself over and over as he felt
 his orgasm rising. Suddenly he felt wave after wave of pleasure that made
 him groan loudly, his penis spurting. His Misstress quickly pulled the
 diaper up between his legs and taped it as he lay there convulsing in
 ecstacy and coming in his diaper.

--
