Archive-name: Affairs/robnjacu.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: In Robin's Jacuzzi


    This is my first posting to this group after alot of reading.
I just had to tell what happened when I went to my girl-friend's 
house for christmas vacation.  We've been dating for awhile, so I
know her family pretty well.  She is very close to her older sister 
who lives in the same town.  Becky, my girlfriend, often hangs out
there during the day while her sister's husband is at work, so we went
over one afternoon to relax in their Jacuzzi. Robin, Becky's sister, 
greeted us when we came in.  Robin is a little shorter and slimmer than
Becky; where Becky has larger curves and large, heavy breasts, Robin
has slimmer hips that run to a slimmer waist and smaller, but not small,
breasts that sit up high and pert.  I love women with large, sensual
lips, and while Becky certainly qualifies in this respect, Robin has
the most fantastic lips I have ever seen.  They are full and lush, just
this side of being too large.  She has large, high cheekbones, so her 
lips don't unbalance her face, yet remain sensual and pouty.
    Right when we arrived, the phone rang.  It was Becky's mother
calling to ask Becky to run up to Indianapolis to pick up a cake
for a party that weekend.  I started to get up to go with her, but
Becky said, no, to stay and enjoy the Jacuzzi.  Little did she know
how much I would ! (Like no one here suspected where this was going ;)
    Becky left, and Robin smiled and went to change into her suit.
I was wearing mine under my jeans, so I just slipped them off and slipped
in.  A few minutes later, Robin joined me.  She was wearing a turqoise
blue one piece, cut up fairly high on her hips.  The cleavage was not
deep, but it reaveled the smooth tops of her breasts.  Her shoulder
length hair hung loose to her shoulders.
    She eased into the Jacuzzi and smiled at me.
    "We get so little time just to outselves to get to know each
other," she said. "I feel like you're part of the family already, but
there's so much to know about you."  
    She leaned back and smiled.  Just the top of her cleavage
was visible over the bubbling water, white froth churning up between
her breasts.  I made some similar comment about wanting to know her
more too, but was more concerned about her noticing my hardening cock
 and wondering if she knew I was watching her lips and not her eyes.
 I was distracted from them though when she slid a little deeper
into the water and I felt a foot slide up my thigh and gently knead my
penis.  
    "Becky has told me so much about you," she smiled, "I wonder
how much is true ?"
    With that she moved accross the pool to me and came up between
my legs, putting her arm around my neck.  Her head came towards me, her
eyes closed, and those fantastic lips parted.  I went with it, and pressed
my mouth to hers.  I ran my tongue into her mouth, and felt the her
firm lips press and slide against mine.  I ran a hand to her breast, 
and found that her nipples were already hard.  I gently massaged them
through the suit.  He hand ran down my chest, and began stroking my cock
through my suit.  I slipped her suit straps off of her shoulders,
and held a breast in each hand.  Unlike Becky's which overflow my
hands, Robin's filled each nicely.  I cupped each one and rubbed by 
thumb over her dark brown nipples.  I broke the kiss, and bent my head
down, gentley biting and sucking.  Her hand increased its pressure on
my cock as I suckled her.
    I pushed the rest of her suit down, and she flung it out of
the water.  She pulled mine down, then had me sit up on the side of the
Jacuzzi.
    "I've been wanting to do this for awhile," she said, as she 
kneeled down in the water and brought her face level with the straining
purple head of my cock.
    She slowly licked the shaft, then down around the balls, then
back up the shaft, swirling her tongue around the head.  She looked up to
me with a grin, then slowly sucked me into her mouth.  I gasped as 
those lips I'd dreamt about so much wrapped around me and sucked me
deeper.  She slowly sucked me up and down with a steady pressure,
swirrling her tongue around the head as her head came up.  One hand
stroked in time with the motion of her head, the other rubbed and
squeezed my balls.  She was great at building up the pressure; I felt the
pressure increasing in my balls, yet her slow movements and the variation
in the rubbing of my balls kept me building and building.
    She then began increasing the pace of her sucking and stroking,
her head bobbing faster and faster.  Her soft, yet firm pouty lips
slip up and down my shaft and and increasing rate, and the occaisional
slurping sound escaped.  I felt my balls tensing, and a moan issued 
from me as I felt my orgasm coming.  She just kept right on going, if
anything increasing her rate.  I felt the come shooting up my shaft;
she eagerly sucked harder and kept on bobbing up and down, my shaft
becoming coated with white jism.  I was shooting a monster load, and
try as she might, Robin couldn't suck it down as fast as it was coming out.
Gobs of cum slid past her mouth, coating her lips.  Finally when I 
finished, she lifted her head back.  A long strand of come pulled from 
her tongue to the tip of my cock, then snapped, falling across her lips
and down her chin.  I nearly came again as I watched that strand of come
fall across that full lower lip. Her tongue came out and she licked it
off, wiping the come off her chin with a finger and sucking every drop
off.
    She was flushed and her breath was coming fast.  I couldn't leave
her like that, and after watching her eat my cum off of her lips, I
was hard and ready.  Saying nothing, I pushed her to the other side of
the Jacuzzi, and put her with her knees on one of the seats facing away
from me, her ass just out of the water.  She knew what was coming, and
couldn't keep her ass from wriggling in anticipation.  
    I slid into her from behind and began a slow motion.  She was
already worked up though, and moaned for me to pound her, so I did.
Each thrust slapped against her ass cheeks, and I held her by the
waist and pulled her to me.  I watched her back flexing with each
stroke.  Her hair was wet, and lay on her back like a thick rope.
I gripped it in one hand and pulled her head back and increased the
force of my thrusts.  She gasped and began a series of staggered moans,
moans broken by the force of each penatration of her cunt. Soon she
was crying out, and I felt my load rising again.  I let go of her
hair, and slammed deep inside her, arching my back and feeling my 
sperm shoot deep inside of her.
    We collapsed for a little bit, and I was about to turn toward her 
and kiss her when we heard a car.  Becky was back.  With a grin at each
other we grabbed our suits and got dressed and looked properly 
togethor when she came in.  Robin and I weren't able to get togethor
again that vacation, but I think I'll go down for spring break and
try to "get to know her better."

--
