 Rocky

   Once, many summers ago, George, our nextdoor neighbor put up 
a tent in his backyard. He was the father of two children that I 
babysat for. He  said he wanted to air it out. I was about 13.  A 
few months previously George got a German shepherd pup, Rocky.  
Rocky was about 10 months old. He lived in a doghouse about 15 
feet away from the tent.  There was also Lenny. Everyone was 
talking about Lenny jacking-off dogs. He never denied it -- to 
everyone's surprise he defended it. I can't remember the 
reasoning, but it was special. I knew there was no defense for it 
-- he was a pervert.

   Let's see what we have. A boy, a dog, a tent, and an idea.  My big 
brother and I slept in the tent together for about a week. He was 
staying at a friend's house one night so I stayed in the tent alone. 
I don't know exactly when the idea of masturbating Rocky came 
into my mind but I suddenly found myself kneeling beside a 
sleeping Rocky. I pet him and crooned to him as he lay there, eyes 
open and tail thumping.  I pet him on  the head and down his 
flanks, speaking softly as I did so. I stroked his smooth belly and 
found his Cockskin. I began to stroke it like I liked to stroke my 
own meat. I could see the head begin to peek out of its sheath. I 
continued to stroke and felt for the first time the knob every dog 
has behind its stiffened dick.  Rocky's back arched and he began 
to hump into my hand. With him humping and me stroking it 
wasn't long before he began squirting.  The liquid was thin and 
watery, not like my sperm at all. There was a lot of it. I petted 
Rocky until he lay down again. I went back to the tent.  I did this 
every night until school started, some-times even with my 
brother sleeping next to me in the tent.  You can laugh, but Rocky 
and I became lovers. This is how it was: When I'd walk into 
George's yard Rocky would see me.  If I walked directly up to him 
he would already have a hard-on. If I pointed my finger at him 
from across the yard he knew I wasn't going to do anything and 
he'd lay down again.  I wonder if you can imagine  how it felt to 
know I wasn't taking advantage of a dumb brute. I mean, if he was 
hard before I touched him it must have meant he liked it as much 
as I  did. Right?  It really thrilled me when I'd kneel down and 
feel a hardening knot already there. I knew he liked it.

 He would sometimes lick my face a time or two while I jacked 
him off.  There was an abandoned house next to  George's. It was 
three stories high and had a huge back porch. Just off the porch 
was a pantry. Rocky and I played there often.  I'd give a soft 
whistle while hidden from George's house and when Rocky would 
see me & all I'd have to do was pat my thigh and he'd come 
running.  I'd pet him for a few minutes and then get down to 
business. My pants would be down and I'd stroke myself off  as I 
stroked Rocky.  Once Rocky compliantly lay still in the tall grass 
surrounding that house while I fucked my cock along the warm 
skin of his belly. I came all over him and he came shortly 
thereafter.  Several times I would  let him mount me and the feel 
of his cock pushing all around my asshole would make me cum 
spontaneously. He never entered me but he always came, 
squirting his come between my legs and on my ass. 

 One fall afternoon when I knew I would be alone for a long time I 
sneaked Rocky into my mom and dad's house. I brought him into 
the bathroom, the only room with a lock on the door. I took off my 
pants and shoes and turned to Rocky.  He was already getting hard 
and it took only a few strokes of my hand to get him really hard.  
I knelt over the bathtub and Rocky readily mounted me, his feet 
not just draped over my back, but gripping my waist and pulling 
as he tried to thrust his cock into me.  For the first time I 
reached between my legs and aimed his cock right at my virgin 
hole, helping him to find his way into me. He found his way in, all 
right.  That big cock of his rammed right into me -- and so did 
that huge  knob behind his cock.  He began to fuck me like a dog 
gone mad. I mean he was hammering into me at about 100 strokes 
a minute. His front paws were gripping me and his rear flanks 
were smashing into my ass, making slapping noises as he hurried 
to cum in me.  After a minute or so he did cum in me,  but the 
ride didn't stop there. He continued resting across my back as 
though nothing had happened, as though he wasn't quite finished. 
Every few moments  he would grip me a little tighter around the 
waist and push his cock into me  a little deeper.  After about five 
minutes of this he began to fuck me again. Like the first time, he 
just hammered away at me, but my butt was sore and  raw, so I 
tried to shake him off me and stand up. He growled at me and 
nipped me lightly on the ear. That was enough for me.

 I leaned there and let him fuck me again. I'd heard plenty of dogs 
growl before, but none as fiercly as that. He continued to fuck me 
without letup until he came again. I wondered  if he was through 
with me, and I risked rising up from my kneeling position, 
straightening my back but still on my knees. There was no growl 
from Rocky  and shortly after that his cock slipped from my 
ravaged hole.  I got dressed and sneaked Rocky back home.  After 
that, my finger pointing didn't make  Rocky lie down. He'd follow 
me like a pal until he knew we were in a place where we'd be 
sure to be unseen and then he'd try to trip me.  He'd step between 
my legs and stop or he'd nip at me feet until I'd get down on my  
hands and knees with my pants around my ankles and let him 
mount me. It was always hurried and surreptitious, as though 
Rocky knew that what we were  doing was wrong, and we'd have 
to keep it secret.  Nevertheless, he'd fuck me every chance he'd 
get.  Before Christmas that year George and his family moved 
away, taking Rocky with them. That ended that.  The following 
spring I made friends with a guy that had a Malemute named 
Wolf, but that's a  different story.  In subsequent years there was 
Sonny, Toby, and a dog whose name I never knew -- perhaps I'll 
tell those tales later.
