Rock
by deirdre, 2/19/95

We hadn't run into a single person, which surprised me a little.  It was a 
good trail for a little hike even if it did lead away from the waterfall and 
the creek.  The trail wasn't too hard, but there were enough hills and 
ravines to keep the walk interesting.

"It sure is deserted," came Jeff's voice--his thoughts must have been 
echoing mine.  "People don't know what they're missing."

"There weren't that many people around and everyone seems to like to 
hang out around the waterfall," I offered.

"Hey, I've got an idea," he returned, and in a voice that raised an alarm in 
my head.  But he didn't continue.

"Yes?"

He looked up and down the path, then came up close to me, and in a low 
voice said "Take off your clothes!"

I laughed.  "One track mind!" I answered.

He grinned in response, but only briefly.  "No!  Let's do it!  Take them off!"

"Honey!"  It was dangerously close to a whine.

Jeff didn't answer immediately, but looked away, out in the woods.  Then 
he turned around and came up to me.  He looked very serious.  He leaned 
over and and whispered, "I love you."

I felt myself smile.  I couldn't help it, I suppose.  I have a weakness for 
those words when Jeff says them.  He was backing away from me again but 
I caught his neck and kissed him.  We must have stood there kissing for a 
minute or more.

He put his lips to my ear again: "Take your clothes off."  It was just a 
whisper, but I tried to make out the expression in his voice.  Was it a 
loving request?  A command?  Which did I *want* to hear?

We backed up from each other until we were holding each other at arm's 
length.  I looked at his face and he looked so serious.  He dropped his arms 
and backed up a couple more feet, then stood there looking at me, his legs 
slightly apart and his arms crossed.

I glanced up and down the trail.  Still no one.  I looked back at Jeff.  Still 
that determined expression.  I started unbuttoning my shirt.  His face 
seemed to relax just a little and he gave me an almost imperceptible nod.  
I'd paused after unbuttoning about three buttons, but started again, more 
slowly.

I didn't know how much of this I was actually going to do.  I got the shirt 
unbuttoned and pulled it off.  I stood there looking at him again, standing 
there in my jeans and bra.  He didn't move a muscle except that he raised 
his chin just a tiny bit.  I looked up and down the trail again--still not a 
soul in sight.  I reached back and unhooked my bra.  I stood there, my arms 
dangling, my bra dangling from my right hand, still facing him.

I wanted to do something to change the mood.  I smiled and then touched 
my own nipple, watching him for a reaction.  His expression didn't change 
for a second.  "All of them," he finally said.

My shoes.  I got down and untied them and took them off.  I worried about 
my socks.  Should I stand there in socks after taking the rest of my 
clothes off?  Silly of me.  I realized I was thinking about actually doing 
it--getting completely naked out on this trail.  I pulled off the socks.

I stood up and undid my jeans.  Again I looked around: nobody.  I slid them 
down and stepped out of them.  I stood there looking at him, standing in my 
underpants.  It was only a little bit of clothes, but I felt very reluctant to 
part with them.  He still stood there looking at me.  He seemed so stern--I 
didn't remember him acting this way before.  I slipped down the 
underpants and stepped out of them.

He smiled just a little.  "Good," he said, quietly.  Then he went on: "Gather 
your clothes, roll them up in your jeans, and give them to me."  I still 
didn't say a word.  I just looked around, gathered them, and rolled them up 
in a neat little bundle.  I stepped forward and gave them to Jeff.  
Something made me stay back from him and hold them out at arm's length.  
He took them and tucked them under his arm, still looking at me.  I backed 
up and stood where I had been, about six feet in front of him.  He turned 
and looked around, then walked over to a tree and reached up, putting the 
bundle of clothes on top of a branch where it met the trunk.  It was way 
out of my reach.

Then he turned again, now smiling.  It wasn't the friendly smile I was used 
to.  I wondered when he normally used this smile: it frightened me.  He 
walked up to me and picked me up.  Over his shoulder, holding on to my 
legs.

Believe me, this was beyond anything I could imagine us ever doing.  I 
didn't make a sound though--I guess it was some irrational fear that 
someone might hear.  He walked down the trail and then set me down--on a  
huge rock.  He'd put me right on the ede and in an instant, he was down on 
his knees between my legs, licking.

I didn't realize how excited I was.  In an instant I couldn't get enough; I 
just wanted him to keep licking forever.  My feet dangled onto his back and 
I leaned back, supported by my straight arms behind me.  I really felt out 
of control.  I didn't want anything in the world except for Jeff to keep 
licking.  And he did.

But something caught my eye.  I looked back along the trail and realized I 
was looking at two girls who had come up behind us.  They were standing 
maybe one hundred feet down the trail, not moving, looking in our 
direction.

But I didn't do anything.  I couldn't.  After I realized I'd seen them, I 
still 
couldn't break away from what Jeff was doing to me.  A part of me--a 
little corner of my mind--couldn't believe I could just keep on like this.  
But something about it--it seemed to drive me wilder.  I'd heard of people 
who were turned on by the idea of discovery, but I never would have 
believed that could be me.

It was mind-blowing.  I'm sure they could hear me gasping for breath as I 
came and came.  Jeff didn't stop--at least not right away.  I couldn't 
believe how long my body kept shuddering like that.

Finally I had a grip on myself.  I was back, leaning on my elbows.  Jeff had 
stood up and was looking at me.  "Honey, there's two girls over there," I 
said quietly.

Jeff glanced at them and then looked back down at me.  "Wave them over 
here," he said.  He still looked at me.  I couldn't believe he'd ask me to do 
that.  I looked over at the two girls again.  I guessed that they were in 
college, but I couldn't be sure.  They were in jeans and sweatshirts.  They 
looked like they might be sisters: both were small and slender and had 
short, dark curly hair.  I lifted the arm nearer them and made a motion for 
them to come.  They looked at each other briefly, then started coming 
forward.  I'd done it.  Now I couldn't believe that *I* had actually done 
such a thing.

Jeff was unzipping his pants.  He pulled out his cock and started rubbing it 
on me.  Some irrational thought worried about the girls again, as if they 
hadn't seen so much all ready.  They were approaching and stopped about 
five feet away.  Jeff looked at them.  "Take her hands," he said.  I looked 
back at him, not believing he'd said that.  The girls approached and one 
went around to the other side of the rock.  They took my wrists and I 
lowered myself to lying back on the rock.  "Hold them out," Jeff went on.  
Then I was lying, with one girl holding each wrist, holding my arms 
straight out.

He stopped rubbing his cock up and down against me.  I felt him put it in 
place, then he pushed in.  I held my head up to see him doing it, but I 
immediately lay back, ending up staring at the trees and the bit of sky 
visible between the branches.  I looked over to my right--the girl was 
still holding my wrist, stretching my arm straight.  I looked back up.

He kept pushing in.  I like that feeling inside me; it drives me wild.  I 
couldn't get enough.  He kept pushing and pushing, in and out.  I felt him 
pull too far out sometimes, but it went back in so easily.  The sensations 
were incredible.

They just kept holding me like that and Jeff just kept going.  I *needed* 
him to go faster.  I started talking to him, not caring about the girls, 
trying to encourage him.  I wanted to come so badly--I couldn't wait--if 
he'd only take me all the way.  Once when he pulled too far out, he paused 
and rubbed his cock up and down against me before pushing back in.  I 
almost went crazy.

I don't know when I ever came like that.  It was too much--I'm almost glad 
I don't come like that every time.  I just lay there, still staring up at the 
trees and little patches of sky.  I realized the girls had finally given me 
back my hands.  I got up on my elbows and looked around and they were 
gone.  Jeff lifted me back up on my feet and went back to where he'd put 
my clothes.  Finally I got dressed and we got started walking again.

After a little while, we briefly glimpsed the two girls ahead of us.  "Want 
to catch up with them?" asked Jeff.  I wasn't sure.  "Come on," said Jeff, 
picking up the pace, pulling me by the hand.  I still wasn't sure--there was 
a part of me that wanted to crawl in a hole, but another part of me wanted 
to do it.

After a couple minutes of fast walking, we were finally thirty feet or so 
behind them.  "Wait up!"  It was *me* who said it!  They turned around and 
looked at us.  "Hi, how are you doing?"  I asked as we approached.  Yes, I'm 
more social than Jeff, but I was still surprised at myself, feeling like I 
was running on automatic pilot.

Their names were Anita and Jess, probably for Jessica.  We walked along 
with them and they told us they were from the nearby state school.  I 
hadn't gone there, but some of my high-school friends had and I'd seen the 
campus.  Yes, they were sisters.  I fell into conversation with Anita, who 
was very friendly, and Jeff and Jess were walking ahead.  They weren't 
walking together, exactly, but somehow they seemed more the hikers 
while Anita and I seemed to stroll along, talking about anything and 
everything.  We walked on for a while, then Jeff stopped and let us catch 
up.  He took me aside, and said to me in a low voice, "Why don't you take 
off your clothes and walk naked for a while?"

"No!  Are you crazy?"  I hissed at him.

"Well, they saw you before," he answered, his voice still low.

"But..., *now* it would be humiliating!"

"Well, wasn't..." But he didn't finish his thought.  He appeared to give up on 
the idea and suggested we walk on.

I fell in with Anita again.  Jess and Jeff still walked ahead, still not 
together.  "What did he want?" asked Anita in a low voice.  I silently 
cursed Jeff for getting me into this position.

But I gave in.  "He wanted me to hike naked.  Give him an inch..."  I kept my 
voice low enough that the others wouldn't hear.

Anita giggled a little.  "Well, you must admit, there isn't a lot more of you 
that we could see," she said, brightly.

"Listen, believe it or not, that wasn't *me*.  We've *never*..."

"OK, I believe you," she answered.  Then she started talking about 
something else, much to my relief.  We walked some more.  It was a 
twelve-mile trail and we knew it would be quite some time before we 
reached the waterfall area again.  We walked on and talked some more.  I 
noticed that Jess and Jeff finally paired off and were talking too.  I had a 
little tinge of doubt about it, Jess being so young and attractive and all, 
but dismissed it as not worth getting into a fuss over.

"You could just take off your shirt for a while," Anita was saying.  I 
started, wondering how the conversation had drifted back into this area 
while I was thinking about Jeff and Jess.  "It would give your husband a 
thrill," she went on.  I didn't say anything and she continued once again: 
"Admit it, you thought that was exciting back there, and you'd love to 
relive some of that excitement".

"Why do *you* want me to do this?" I returned.  She didn't answer, but 
just grinned at me when I looked at her.  She seemed so nice, and oddly 
enough, there was a sort of *innocence* about the whole thing that it is 
hard for me to express.

I started unbuttoning my shirt as we walked.  "Yes!" I heard her half-
whispered reaction.  I looked at her and realized I was grinning too much 
and continued unbuttoning.  Then I got it off and was walking in my bra.

"Give it to me," she said.  I handed her the shirt.  "Go ahead," she 
responded.  I reached back, unhooked my bra, and slipped it off.  She held 
her hand for me to put it in and I complied.  She bundled the shirt and bra 
in a roll and held it under her arm.  We just walked silently for a little 
while, then she offered a comment and we started talking again.  
Naturally, a part of me continued wondering when Jeff would notice, but 
soon I was absorbed in talking to Anita again.

But of course, soon it happened.  I'd been watching Jeff even though my 
mind was elsewhere, and when I realized he'd turned around and stopped, I 
could still picture the moment he'd noticed.  Anita and I stopped before we 
reached them.  Jess had stopped and turned too, just a step or two beyond 
Jeff.  I tried to keep a grin off my face.  He started walking back to us and 
Jess followed.  The four of us ended up in a little circle, a little closer 
together than I suppose we'd normally be.  They were all looking at my 
chest.

No one said a thing.  Finally, Jeff reached up to touch one of my nipples.  I 
guess I should have expected *something* to happen, but somehow I 
wasn't prepared for this.  When he touches my nipples, I always respond, 
and I realized immediately that I had to stop this right away or I'd 
probably be beyond my own control in a minute.  After just a few seconds, 
I took hold of his wrist and pushed it back to him.  He stared at me just a 
second, then said "Well, we'd better keep going," and pulled out of the 
circle.  When we'd started walking, he fell in beside me and whispered in 
my ear: "Interesting!" and kissed my cheek.  Then he and Jess led the way 
again and soon were a little ways up ahead.

"OK, give me my clothes," I said to Anita when Jeff and Jess weren't close 
enough to hear me.  She didn't do it, but just smiled a little.

"You're very sensitive, aren't you?" offered Anita.  I realized she meant 
my nipples.  I had a sinking feeling I shouldn't have done this despite what 
Jeff and I'd done in front of them before.

"I guess so."

"Why don't you touch yourself?  A little."  I glanced at her.  She was 
looking right into my eyes, expectantly.

I must have done it before thinking.  I touched my right nipple with the 
fingers of my right hand.  I was looking at her and her eyes were still 
locked on mine.  She didn't glance at my chest even for a second.  Then I 
realized what I was doing and took my hand away.  She smiled at me and 
then looked ahead again as we walked.  We walked in silence for a little 
while before she started talking again.

"Can you give me back my shirt?"  I finally said.

She smiled at me.  "No; you keep walking like that."  And she went on as if 
nothing weird were happening.

I did seem to forget about my state once in a while, but of course my mind 
kept coming back to it.  She wouldn't give me my shirt.  The two in front 
of us glanced back at us occasionally.  I guess they would have done that in 
any case, but I was just sure they were checking *me* out.  I felt like a 
slave with three owners.  And I guess deep down, a part of me is rather 
wild, because I kind-of liked it.

Anita didn't say any more about it--she just walked on, talking about 
other things.  Well, we did talk a little about her social life and she told 
me she hoped to eventually hook up with a man who was into crazy things 
like Jeff and me.  I assured her again that this was my only experience 
anything like this at all.  She appeared to accept that, but I still worried 
about whether she actually believed me.  I don't know why I should have 
worried about it.

Finally Jeff and Jess stopped up ahead of us and turned around and waved.  
Jeff yelled "Civilization!"  Anita and I immediately stopped and she gave 
me back my clothes.  I quickly put on the shirt and stuffed the bra in my 
jeans pocket.

Jeff and Jess were standing together up ahead, talking to each other.  They 
looked kind of close.  Anita told me she had something that I ought to have 
and she showed me a picture of me and Jeff on the rock!  "I was going to 
keep it, but now I think you should have it," she explained.

"What were you going to do?  Show it to your friends to prove you really 
did meet up with a crazy couple?"

"No... *really*, I wasn't.  I just wanted to remember..."

I looked at her.  She really was such a sweet person.  "Keep it," I said, 
finally, not believing I was saying this.  "Show it to that husband you find 
in the future who you want to do crazy things with."  She took it back and 
beamed at me.  And she leaned over and kissed me on the cheek.

I looked ahead again, in time to see Jess kiss Jeff.  It was on the mouth, 
but it was only a peck.  I felt my heart in my throat for a second, then 
decided it wasn't worth worrying about.  They didn't do any more.

We reached picnic grounds and split up.  Jeff and I went straight to our car 
and drove back to our motel.  Though nothing like our time on that rock, the 
rest of that afternoon in the motel was plenty wild.
