Rockchick
by Pagan

******

   They waited. Five young guys in a room. All wearing the same
"uniform" of leather jackets, jeans and heavy boots. Mac, Sam,
Suds, Frazz, and Don. They were friends from school, and since
school, they'd been a band. Soft metal. "The Tide". Now they
were 25, and if they didn't "break" soon, they wouldn't break
at all!
   Tonight, they'd played the Garden....the biggest venue in the
town. It was where every band began, and they had done 10
minutes...gone down pretty well, and were now waiting to see
if Hans Breecher, the manager was going to give them a return
PAID booking. If he DID....they were on the way. if
not....well... Theey were all tense. Frazz, the drummer played
a monotonous tattoo on the concrete wall of the dressing room.
Mac, the vocalist shot him a glance, and Frazz stopped.
   "Sorry" he muttered.
   The door swung open, and Hans stood there. They all rose.
Breecher was tall, with swept back black hair, and a lean fit
body. He'd run the Garden for the past 5 years, and started
some of the biggest bands on their way. He gazed around the
room, and smiled.
   "That wasn't bad....not bad at all."
   The five young guys let out a collective sigh of relief.
   "Does this mean you're going to book us?" asked Mac,
tentatively.
   "Well......yes....three week run, starting next month. Terms
to be arranged"
   Suds let out the first whoop, then they were all joining in.
Hans held up his hand...
   "One condition!!!" he yelled, smiling.
   They waited.
   He stared at Don.....and grinned.
   "You feature the chick here more!"
   Don frowned. Chick?
   "Thing is..." continued Breecher "...band needs an angle, not
many bands have a cute fox playing bass....use it more, bring
her into the light a bit...thats the deal"
   "But..." began Don, and yelped as Mac kicked him hard and sure
on the ankle.
   "Sure thing Mr. Breecher, Donna here hates the spotlight, but
rest assured she'll be rocking next time!"
   The rest of the guys were silent. When mac spoke, he spoke for
all of them.
   "And....you know....try to sell your charms a little more,
doll" said Breecher, "I know its considered sexist these days,
but give us a bit of leg?"
   He turned and left the room.
   The exhilaration was gone. Don was confused. Sure he was
slight of build, only 5ft 6ins tall, and like the other guys
he wore his thick dark hair halfway down his back, but to be
mistaken for a girl??
   "What do we do?" asked Sam, the lead guitarist.
   "Well it's simple....Breecher wants us to feature our "girl"
bassist.....so we feature her". said Mac.
   "If you think I'm going to pplay the next gig in a dress,
you're out of your mind!" said Don angrily.
   "Whats the problem?" pleaded Mac "Let him think what he
wants...do what he wants. Lets do the 3 weeks, make the
contacts, get things rolling, and then it doesn't matter
anymore!"
   The three others joined in the arguement, and so it raged for
a solid hour. Don trying to explain that he couldn't possibly
go through with it, the others begging him to, for the sake of
the band, and three hours later, after a good too many beers,
Don had finally agreed.
   They had just under two weeks before the first gig. During
this time it was suggested that Don learnt how to be a girl
"full time" so he wouldn't give himself away by an error in
speech or movement. They all shared a rambling flat in the
town centre, and Mac's girlfriend Shanna was roped in to help
him learn about clothes and make-up. Don normally shared a
room with suds, but they all agreed that as a girl, he should
have Mac's room....and so one afternoon a couple of days
later, he moved into it, complete with a new wardrobe of
second hand clothes that Shanna had bought around town.
   The first night, she dressed him. Firstly, he shaved off all
his body hair, underarms, chest, legs, all of it. He stood
before Shanna, naked, feeling the breeze so much more on his
hairless body. It was a strange feeling. not unpleasant.
Different.
   Shanna helped him to dress. First she had him wear a very
tight, flesh coloured G-string, that tucked away his balls and
cock, between his legs, leaving him with a dull ache, and a
smooth girlish front. Over this he wore tiny white panties.
   Next Shanna had him put on a waspwaisted white lace corset,
and tugged on the laces, until he thouhght he'd choke. When
she'd finished, she measured his waist at 24 inches. The
corset's tightness, ahd forced the loose flesh up his chest,
and now, with the minimum of padding, and a little shading on
his cleavage, Don looked for all the world as though he had a
small, but real bust.
   Next he pulled on a pair of fishnet stockings and Shanna
clipped them into place.
   "Good legs!" she said admiringly.
   Don blushed, though secretly pleased....if he was going to be
a girl, it was nice to be thought a cute one!!
   A tight black lycra mini skirt was next, and an old black and
white hooped T-shirt completed his outfit. Shanna decided he
should wear his heavy motor-cycle boots, which looked very
trendy with the skirt. She busied herself slipping lots of
silver bangles and rings onto his hands andarms, then a pair
of hoop earrings, completing the jewellery with a few chain
neclaces and a silver crucifix. Then she started on his make-
up. Foundation, heavy eye shadow, eye-liner, mascara, and deep
red lipstick. patiently explaining it all as she went, so he'd
be able to do it himself next time. Then she began to backcomb
his hair until it billowed from his head and cascaded down his
back in waves of raven black volume.
   Finally she stood back and looked at him.
   Don stood there, his heart racing. he could feel the tightness
of the corset, the soft jiggle of his "breasts" as he moved,
the rasp of the stockings if he crossed his legs. He turned to
the mirror, and fell silent. he was GORGEOUS! Like one of the
bands own groupies. Slim, sultry, pouting lips, luscious hair,
long, long legs, tiny waist.
   Shanna threw open the door, and he followed her down to the
kitchen. The four guys were seated around the table. They
stared at him, and one by one began to smile. Then Mac let out
a low wolf whistle.
   "You look....stunning....Donna!"
   Donna smiled, and swayed into the room, he felt good! The
attention the guys paid to him, their questions about what it
felt like, all excited him, and when Mac suggested they all go
for a walk, he couldn't wait!!
   Out on the street he was nervous at first, but as they passed
more and more people, and no-one seemed to be in the slightest
bit curious, he realised that he did indeed "pass" as a girl.
He hugged Mac's leather jacket tight against him, and blushed.
When Mac had given him the jacket against the chill, he'd been
a little surprised, but deep down happy to accept the offer.
Now as he walked, he could smell the "maleness" of the singer
on the jacket, and part of him was turned on by the thought of
rolling around on....
   "Penny for them?" smiled Mac.
   Don blushed. "Oh just thinking about playing a guitar in a
skirt!!" he giggled.
   The days passed into weeks, and Don grew more and more
accustomed to playing the role of Donna. He now did his own
make-up, and had even progressed to buying a few of his own
clothes. Around the flat, the rest of the band all treated him
as a girl, and he realised that without thinking about it, his
mannerisms had altered...his walk, his moods, even his voice.
Most noticeably, the constant attentions of his corset had had
a definite effect upon his body shape.
   As he stood the night before the gig, in front of his bedroom
mirror, wearing only a tiny pair of panties, he was amazed at
what seemed to have happened. Even without the corset, his
waist seemed to remain tiny, and he had breasts! Small maybe,
but breasts nonetheless. He cupped them in his hands, and
tweaked the nipples. He moaned softly, then turned round
swiftly as the door opened and Mac stood there watching.
The singer smiled as Don's hands automatically went across his
chest, hiding his bosom.
   "Don't worry about it....Shanna said they'll go down when you
stop wearing the corset. I just want to say thank you...you've
done brilliantly and we all appreciate it...we really do!"
Don smiled and dropped his hands. He stared at Mac. Mac stared
back, then turned and walked out. Inside Don
felt....disappointed?
   The next day arrived quickly. The band practiced hard, then
took the afternoon off. Don had plans of his own, and went
into town, spurning company, and returning to the flat only an
hour before they were due to leave for the club.
   As he stood in the doorway, the guys gasped. Before them
stood, THE most stunning BLONDE!! Don grinned. He'd had his
hair peroxided and now looked like an early incarnation of
Debbie Harry. He wiggled his hips as he climbed the stairs to
dress for the gig.
   He stripped to his G-string, and carefully pulled on a pair of
fishnet stockings that he clipped into place on a black lace
suspender belt. Over them he slipped a pair of black lace
panties, and patted his smooth "pussy". A black lace and
leather basque, which pushed his growing chest up and out, was
followed by a tiny black leather mini-skirt that hugged his
hips and bottom, and showed off the tops of his stockings.
Thigh length black suede boots followed, along with a black
leather jacket, and lace fingerless gloves. Lots of silver
jewellery, and he spent ages backcombing his blonde hair, and
applying a particularly wild make-up. He felt strong and
beautiful, and noticed the reaction of everyone on his way to
the club....pure lust!! At least from the males!!
   Breecher's face was a picture. he couldn't take his eyes off
Don, and when Don sauntered into the hallway before the gig to
get a glass of water, he was waiting outside. His eyes drank
in the female form in front of him, and Don giggled inwardly
as Hans tried his best to chat him up. To rub insult in to
injury, he patted Hans obvious bulge and muttered something
about "after the show" and wandered back into the dressing
room.
   On stage the band were electric!! They did 5 encores, and Don
nearly wet himself with pleasure at the attention he got from
the crowd. he wiggled and pouted to the best of his ability,
and gave as many as he could a glimpse of cleavage, and a
swift peek up his skirt. 
   Back in the dressing room....the guys were ecstatic, and began
passing a joint around.
   "We did it!!" screamed Suds. Frazz nodded happily. Sam giggled
with the effect of the dope....while Mac simply sat there
stunned!
   Don felt a stirring inside. He wanted to....he couldn't..
could he? He found himself on his feet, reaching behind his
back, to unclasp his basque. He let it fall to the floor, and
stood, staring at the 4 men. He saw them stare back.....oogling his 
breasts. He smiled. "Lock the door.....and FUCK me!!" he ordered.
   There was silence. They all looked to Mac. Mac was still. Then
he strode to the door, and turned the key.
   "Well....you heard the lady!" He grabbed Don roughly by the
shoulders and pulled him close. Their lips met in a violent
kiss....mouths opened and tongues sought each other hungrily.
Don was in heaven. He felt hands roughly grabbing at his
breasts, lips on his neck, fingers groping beneath his skirt,
pulling at his panties. With a rip, they and his g-string came
away. He gasped and broke the kiss. Mac reached out and
whipped off his skirt....leaving him standing in boots and
suspender belt. Sam, cleared a table with one swipe, and two
of them grabbed his arms and threw him onto it. Don shuddered
with pleasure as he felt his buttocks groped and tweaked. He
cried out as Frazz licked at his nipples.
   "Jesus!! Now!!" he yelled.
   He had never felt SO turned on! He lifted his arse invitingly,
and suddenly in front of him he saw the purple head of a huge
cock. He looked up. It was Sam, grinning. Don licked his lips,
and nodded. Sam thrust his hips forward and Don felt the hot
meat at the back of his throat. So THIS was what it was like!!
He sucked hard...tickling and teasing....mmmmmm it was salty
and thick. He felt his hands grasped and then he was holding
Frazz in one hand and Suds in the other. He grinned as he
sucked and began to pump, wanking the two guys at either side.
The room was silent except for the pleasured moans of the
three men and the she-male on the table, then Don felt hands
below his waist, lifting him, a slight pause, and then he
yelped as Mac rammed home....his cock sliding forcefully into
Don's arse, deep and hard. The flare of pain subsided, and a
glow grew deep in his tummy. Mac began to screw him, slowly,
ten fast, then slow agin.....Don pressed back trying to match
him. He licked harder, as Sam began to shudder. Mmmmmm.
   "Oh god....yes!!! " muttered Sam.
    Frazz and Suds were moaning too, and Mac was pounding harder
and harder....at the same time wanking Donna.
   "Oh......yes!! Yes...you bitch!!" moaned Mac.
   "I'm going to.....aaaggghhhhh!!!" moaned Sam.
   He shot his load.
   Don gulped and swallowed the thick, hot cum. It seemed
neverending as Sam's cock pumped the thick cream into his
throat. It seemed to act as a release, as the next moment
Frazz exploded shooting semen up and across DonsBack, closely
followed by Suds. Sam pulled out of Don's mouth, allowing the
"girl" to enjoy the final seconds of her fuck, as Mac screamed
and clutching tight, bucked and came deep in "her" arse.
   As he felt the waves of hot cum coursing through him, Don gave
himself over to his own orgasm and exploded, his cum shooting
up, spattering his breasts....he rolled and twitched with the
pleasure, then fell exhausted back onto the table as mac
pulled out of his arse. Slowly he rose to his feet, rubbing
the cum into his chest and back, licking his lips, and picked
up his skirt.
   "Can Donna stay in the band??" he pouted!

FIN
