                            ROGER AT THE RANCH


      Roger lived next door to a friend of mine when  he  was  fourteen.
   The  house  was  a gathering place, where people were always welcome,
   and always coming and going.   Roger  spent  a  lot  of  time  there,
   watching  TV  and  playing  with the other kids.  I was there quite a
   bit, too.

      Once summer came, and the temperature became  intolerable,  people
   spent  most  of  their  time  inside under the cool air conditioners.
   Roger would wear only a  pair  of  running  shorts  or  cutoffs,  and
   sneakers.   He  had sandy blond hair, blue eyes, an engaging smile, a
   few freckles and a  perfectly  proportioned,  tanned  body.   He  was
   beginning  to  blossom into manhood, but there was still some "little
   boy" left in him.  He was  very  comfortable  with  his  body.   Just
   looking  at  him  made me very aroused, and many times several people
   would be sitting in my friend's house watching TV,  and  I  would  be
   watching  Roger, discreetly of course, so that no one would notice my
   intense interest in him.  As the summer went on, I began  going  over
   to  my  friend's  house more and more in the hope that Roger would be
   there.

      Then my friends went on vacation, and were  gone  for  a  week.  I
   missed  the company and friendship of going to their house while they
   were gone, and felt lost, with nothing to do.  I also  missed  seeing
   Roger.  Then I had an idea.

      I  looked  up  his  phone  number  in the book, and called him. He
   seemed glad to hear from me.  I told him of  a  ranch  that  I  knew,
   where  there  was  a  pond for fishing and swimming, and asked him if
   he'd like to go there that  afternoon.   He  was  enthusiastic  about
   going,  and  asked  his mom. She was happy that he had a chance to do
   something different, and quickly agreed.  Besides,  it  gave  her  an
   afternoon free to do as she wished.

      When  I picked him up, his mom asked where the ranch was, and when
   I thought we'd be back.  I told her I could bring him  back  whenever
   she  wanted,  and  she said that she was going out for the afternoon,
   and wouldn't be back until about six.  So that's when we agreed  that
   I'd  return  with  Roger.  That would give us plenty of time to enjoy
   our afternoon at the ranch.

      We got in the car and headed for the country.  Roger  was  dressed
   in  a  tee  shirt, cut off jeans, calf high white socks and sneakers.
   He looked great.  He was happy to be going to  the  ranch  and  asked
   about the fishing.  I had brought along poles and bait.  He had never
   gone  fishing  before, and was looking foreward to trying it.  I also
   reminded him that it's a great swimming hole, too, and since  it  was
   so hot, it would be good to cool off.

      As  we  drove  along,  we  also  talked  about  other  things that
   interested him, like his bike, skate  board,  TV,  his  friends,  and
   some  of  the things that he had done recently.  Then he told me that
   his birthday had passed just the week before.

      "Really?" I asked. "Wow! I didn't know that. What did you do,  and
   what did you get?"

      "I  got  a  neat  nintendo game.  It's great.  I'm still trying to
   figure it out.  I keep trying, and some of my friends have  too,  but
   we  haven't  got it right yet.  And then Mom makes us stop, cause she
   says we spend too much time at it."

      "That sounds like fun, I'm sure  you'll  figure  it  out  someday.
   What else did you get?"

      "Oh, just some clothes and stuff like that.  I got a cake.  That's
   about it."

      "Did you have a party?"

      "Nah.   One  of  my  friends  came  over  for cake.  And we played
   nintendo."

      "Did you get a birthday spanking?"

      He smiled, and looked down.  "Nah.  I haven't had a spanking since
   I was a little kid."

      "Well, I'm going to give you a birthday spanking  later!"  I  said
   enthusiastically, with a big grin.

      He  looked  at  me,  his  pale  blue  eyes  locking on mine and he
   returned the smile, but said nothing.


                              ------------


      The ranch was private, and no one was home there that day. I  knew
   that  before I called Roger.  In fact, I had to go out there that day
   anyway to house sit, because the owners didn't like for it to be left
   unoccupied.  That's why I decided to call Roger to begin with.

      The first thing I wanted to do was to get Roger to take his  shirt
   off,  because  his  torso  was  so  incredible I wanted to be able to
   enjoy it as much as possible.  So I said,  "Why  don't  we  cool  off
   first, and take a dip?"

      "Okay," he quickly agreed.

      The water was clear and warm.  Like all ponds, the bottom was very
   muddy  and  gooey.   I  warned  him about that as I began to undress.
   Under my pants I was wearing a pair of running  shorts.   Roger  took
   off  his shoes, socks and finally his shirt.  I felt a tingling in my
   crotch as I got a look at his chest.   Though  I  had  seen  it  many
   times  before,  in  fact  had  focused  on  it,  I still felt a great
   sensation when I saw it again. Probably because that  was  the  first
   time  I  had seen him actually remove his shirt.  His dark tan, tight
   stomach, navel just abouve his pants line, the faint outline  of  his
   ribs, his developing arms and pectorals, his perfectly formed pinkish
   brown  nipples,  with  their tips standing out only slightly.  It's a
   wonder he didn't notice my bulge beginning to take shape.

      I decided to get under the water to hide it as soon  as  I  could,
   so I said, "Last one in gets dunked!"

      "No way!" he yelled, as he ran for the pond.  We both jumped in at
   about  the  same time, and agreed to call it a tie. But then I dunked
   him any way.

      "No fair!" he sputtered when he came back up.  He then  jumped  at
   me and attempted to dunk me.  Since I'm much bigger than he was then,
   it was much harder for him to dunk me.  He ended up climbing all over
   me  to  get  my  head  under  the  water.   Then,  when  I came up, I
   threatened to  retaliate  and  lunged  for  him.   We  frolicked  and
   wrestled  in this way for some time.  It was an incredible feeling to
   be that close to him.  He was having a lot of fun,  and  it  was  the
   first  time  I'd  ever touched him. It was exhilirating to put my arm
   around his back and feel my hand move slowly across the warmth of his
   stomach, his back, his arms, his chest. A couple  of  times,  I  even
   felt my fingers move lightly across his nipples.  By the time we were
   both out of breath from all the frolicking, I had a raging hard on.

      He  was  ready to get out of the pond and try his hand at fishing.
   I stayed in the water for a couple of minutes after he  got  out,  to
   try  and  get  my  erection under control.  Only after I felt that he
   wouldn't notice did I get out. After he first got out of  the  water,
   before  he  had  time to dry, I noticed that Roger had goose bumps on
   his arms.  The little bumps of goose flesh were all over  his  biceps
   and  shoulders,  and  droplets  of water were glistening over them as
   well as the occsional small, golden colored hairs that  were  on  his
   forearm.  His nipples were now completely puckered, the tips standing
   out much farther, surrounded by still more goose  flesh.   The  sight
   took  my  breath  away.   Once  again,  my  cock was getting hard.  I
   crossed my legs to try and hide it.

      We got the fishing gear out, and I showed him how it all worked as
   we let the hot summer breeze dry us off.  His interest and enthusiasm
   for learning something new was genuine, and we began fishing.   After
   a  few  minutes,  I  excused myself by saying that I had to go to the
   bathroom.  Instead I went to the car and got a copy of a sex magazine
   that I had stashed under the seat that morning.  My plan was to plant
   the magazine in a place where Roger would "find" it,  and  then  just
   see how he reacted.  I put the magazine under a bush near the car and
   returned to my fishing pole.

      Unfortunately,  the  fish  weren't biting, and after about another
   twenty minutes, his interest began to wane.  His mind  wandered,  and
   he began getting bored.

      "You getting tired of this?" I asked.

      "A little."

      "Want to quit for awhile?"

      "Yeah, I guess so.  What should we do now?"

      "Well--"  I paused, pretending to think. "I know. I have a frisbee
   in the car.  We could toss that around."

      He shrugged.  "Sure, that's okay." He wasn't real  enthused  about
   playing  frisbee,  and  neither  was  I,  but  my  plan  was  working
   perfectly. I led him to the car and grabbed the frisbee from the back
   seat.  We tossed it back and forth a few times, and each time I threw
   it closer to the bush where the magazine  was.   He  got  bored  with
   frisbee  real  fast, and I knew that it was time to aim for the bush,
   because he would want to quit doing this before long.

      My aim was off.  I over threw it, and it went over the top of  the
   bush.  He  scowled  a  little  because  he  had  to chase it into the
   bushes.  I was afraid that he'd go around the other side of the  bush
   and  not  see  the magazine.  He started walking toward it slowly.  I
   watched with anticipation to see which way  he'd  go.  He  hesitated,
   looking  both  ways.  Then  he  headed straight for the magazine.  He
   walked right up to it, then past it to pick up the frisbee.   He  saw
   the magazine out of the corner of his eye as he went by and I saw him
   look  down  at  it.  As he came back with the frisbee in his hand, he
   stopped and picked up the magazine.

      "Hey! Look at this!" he yelled as he picked it up.

      "What have you found?" I acted surprised, and walked toward him.

      He  opened  it  up  and  quickly  thumbed  through  it.  "A  dirty
   magazine."

      "Oh,  really?" I tried to sound like I mildly disapproved.  "Let's
   see." I began looking through it.

      He handed it to me.  "It was under that bush,"  he  said  pointing
   towards it.

      I  found a particularly explicit picture of a beautiful woman with
   her legs spread wide, her pussy in plain view.  I opened the magazine
   wide, certain that Roger could see it.  "Yep, it's got nude  pictures
   in it for sure." His eyes were glued to the picture.

      After  a  few  seconds,  I  turned  the  pages again until I found
   another hot picture.  In that one, she had a vibrator inside her.   I
   snickered,  then  turned  the page again.  The picture on one side of
   the page showed two women, one eating out the other.  In the  picture
   on  the  opposite  side,  a  man  was  with them, and both women were
   licking his hard cock.

      "Wow," I said in a low voice,  "this  IS  a  dirty  magazine."  Of
   course, I wasn't really looking at the magazine.  I was showing it to
   Roger,  and  trying to make it look like I didn't want him to see it.
   Out of the corner of my eye, I watched his reaction.  His  eyes  were
   glued  to  it, as I expected that they would be.  It had his complete
   attention.

      "I wonder how that got there?" I asked rhetorically  as  I  closed
   the magazine and looked at it's cover.

      "I don't know," he responded, and shrugged.

      "Well, I'll take it inside and leave it there.  It shouln't be out
   here."  I  got the key to the house that had been left for me, and we
   went inside.  I laid the magazine down on the coffee table.

      "Do you want a coke, Roger?" I asked.

      "Yeah, sure."

      I went to the kitchen to get our drinks.  I stayed in there longer
   than I needed to because I wanted to give Roger a chance to  look  at
   the  magazine  some  more.   After  two  or  three  minutes, I loudly
   returned to the living room, to tip him off that I was coming back so
   that he wouldn't "get caught" looking at it.  I handed Roger his coke
   and noticed that the magazine had been moved.  I looked at Roger  and
   smiled and winked.  Was that a bulge growing in his pants?

      I  sat  next  to  him,  and we drank our sodas.  I asked him if he
   wanted to go fishing again.  He didn't.  I asked if he wanted  to  go
   swimming  again.   He  shrugged.   I leaned over and poked him in the
   ribs and said, "Well, what DO  you  want  to  do?"  and  laughed  and
   tickled him.

      He laughed and reached over to tickle me and said, "I don't know."

      I  tickled him some more, then he tickled me some more.  I reached
   around him and rolled onto the floor, pulling him with me. He was  on
   top  of  me, then I was on top of him.  The tickling continued.  Then
   he tried to get away, and I playfully held him  down.   He  tried  to
   tickle  me  some more, to make me let him go. We laughed and giggled,
   and rolled around some more.

      "I got you!" I yelled.

      "Huh-uh! I got YOU!" he yelled back.

      As we did this, of course my hands were all over his  upper  body,
   and  his  were  all over mine.  Once again I enjoyed the sensation of
   feeling the warmth of his deeply  tanned  skin,  running  my  fingers
   gently  (and not so gently) across his arms, stomach, ribs, chest and
   back.  I consciously tried to touch his nipples  discreetly,  and  my
   hand  brushed  over  them  quickly  a  few  times.  The  feeling  was
   sensational.

      At one point we both stopped to  catch  our  breaths,  and  I  was
   laying  with  my head on his chest.  I twisted around so that I could
   see his left nipple.  His  chest  was  moving  up  and  down  as  his
   breathing  was  somewhat  labored.   I could feel his heart beat, and
   told him so.  "Boy, it's really pumping," I said, and moved  my  hand
   to his heart, over the nipple.

      "I hope so!" he said.

      "Thump.  Thump.  Thump,"  I said, imitating the sound.  I moved my
   hand so that the tip of my index finger  was  laying  gently  on  his
   nipple.   Then  I  slowly, and lightly, began moving it around. Roger
   just lay there, saying nothing.  I moved my thumb  over  the  nipple,
   too,  and  then  brought the thumb and forefinger together and gently
   squeezed the tip of his nipple.  He still didn't react.  So  I  moved
   both  my finger and thumb around some more, faster and faster, harder
   and harder, and then squeezed again. By  now  the  nipple  was  quite
   puckered and hard.

      "Ow!" he said, trying to hide a giggle.  He began tickling me, and
   we started all over again.

      This  time,  I was slightly more bold.  I made sure that I tickled
   directly on his nipples  several  times.   He  never  protested,  but
   responded  in  kind by tickling me on my nipples.  I guess he thought
   that one good turn deserved another, or he just wanted to give  me  a
   taste of my own medicine.  Either way, I loved it!

      As  we  continued, I reached down and touched his knee, and ran my
   hand along his leg.  He began thrashing his legs  about,  but  didn't
   really try to make me stop.  He rolled more or less on top of me, and
   sort  of pinned me with his legs.  I tickled him with one hand, which
   made him wiggle around, and I ran my other hand down his  back,  from
   his  shoulder  to  the  top  of his pants. Since he was laying on me,
   still pinning me, his movements as I tickled him were  an  incredible
   sensation,  and  directly  stimulated  my  cock,  which was of course
   rather hard anyway. He seemed to be pushing his  own  crotch  against
   mine intentionally, or was that my imagination?  While I continued to
   tickle him, I moved my other hand onto his pants, and down one of the
   cheeks  of his bottom.  I could feel his muscles get taught and loose
   again as he continued to move around.   My  breath  was  escaping  in
   short gasps and I thought that this must surely be a dream from which
   I would soon awaken.

      I  squeezed  his  bottom  tightly and pulled him down onto me even
   tighter.  The soft flesh of his ass filled my hand through his jeans.
   At that point, I nearly exploded.  He was on top of  me,  stimulating
   my  raging hard on with his own crotch, and my hand was squeezing his
   most incredible ass.

      But I didn't want it to end yet.  So I rolled him off of  me,  and
   looked  at  him.   He seemed a little startled.  I'm not sure if it's
   because I threw him off so easily, or if it was because what we  were
   doing  felt  so  good.   Before he could react further, I tickled him
   some more in the ribs.  He doubled over and started  laughing  again,
   bringing  his  knees  up for protection. I squeezed his knee with one
   hand, and then moved it up and squeezed the  outside  of  his  thigh.
   Then I moved my hand to the inside of his thigh, and rested it on the
   blue  denim of his cut offs. It was a place that felt very good, like
   standing just outside the gate to heaven.  After a  while,  I  gently
   squeezed  him there, very close to his crotch.  One of his hands came
   up immediately and picked up my hand and moved it away.  It  happened
   so  fast that it had to have been instinctive rather than a conscious
   move.  He never stopped giggling or tickling me with his other hand.

      By now I was out of breath again.  I  stopped  tickling  him,  and
   once  again  laid  my  head  on  his  chest.  He tried to tickle me a
   couple of more times, but quickly got the message  that  I  needed  a
   break.

      "Is  your  heart still pounding?" I asked as I positioned my head.
   "Yep. Thump. Thump. Thump." I moistened my finger with my tongue  and
   moved  it  toward  his  nipple again.  I swiftly, but gently moved my
   finger across just the tip of it, and it became moist.  After about a
   half a minute, both my finger and his nipple were dry.   I  moved  my
   head  over  and  put  my  tongue on his nipple, and slowly and gently
   began moving it around. Then I closed my lips over it.  At first,  he
   didn't  react.  Then he stopped me by saying he wanted to sit up, and
   he started to move.  I sat up, too, and looked him in  the  eye.   He
   looked back, and raised both eyebrows at the same time.

      "I need to sit up now," he said.

      "Yeah.  Is your gut sore from laughing?" I smiled.

      "Yeah.  I just want to rest for awhile."

      "Do you want another coke?"

      "Sure." He went with me to the kitchen to get it.

      We  took  our  cokes outside to drink, then decided to swim again.
   It was very refreshing.  I tried to start  some  horse  play  in  the
   water,  but  he clearly wasn't interested.  He just wanted to play in
   the water. After we got out and air dried, we went back inside again.
   This time as we approached the living room, he  jumped  on  my  back,
   throwing  his  arms  around my neck and his legs around my waist.  It
   was truly a surprise attack.  I couldn't do much except to carry  him
   over  to the couch and just sit down, pinning him behind me.  After a
   brief, good natured struggle, he was sitting beside me on the couch.

      He looked on the coffee table, reached for the magazine and  said,
   "I want to look at this."

      I  contemplated  my  response.   Should I express disapproval, and
   then "cave in" and let him look?  Or should I just  agree,  and  look
   with  him? "Well," I started, "I don't know if you should-- but since
   you're the one who found it, I guess  it's  okay.   Just  don't  tell
   anybody I let you, though, okay?"

      "Sure," he shrugged as he opened it up.

      We  looked  at  it for about ten minutes or so.  He saw all of the
   best pictures, and there was  no  question  about  what  the  obvious
   bulge  in  his  pants  meant.  I took the magazine and showed him one
   final picture, an explicit blow job, and then laid the magazine down.
   I decided that it was time to start getting serious.

      I began tickling him again, but this time it wasn't the same.   He
   sensed it too.  The pattern of our tickling, our horse play, was that
   one  of  us  would  "attack"  the  other,  and  then  the other would
   retaliate. So after I tickled him, I got up and  sat  on  the  floor,
   knowing  that  he  would follow me and "get even".  As I stood up, my
   own erection was obvious through my running shorts.  Roger looked  at
   it.   Then he came after me on the floor and the tickling contest was
   on again.  There was a sense of urgency about it now.   As  if,  this
   time, we weren't doing it just for the fun it created, but because it
   was leading to something else.

      I  remained in a sitting position with my legs out in front of me,
   and before long Roger was laying across my lap, on his  stomach,  his
   bottom up and directly on my lap.  I tickled him a couple more times,
   and he giggled again, and wiggled a bit.

      Then  he reminded me of something that I had forgotten. "I thought
   you were going to spank since I just had a birthday."

      "Oh YEAH! I completely forgot about that!   I  sure  am  glad  you
   reminded me."

      He giggled.

      "I  sure  would have hated to miss out on that," I said, as I laid
   my had on his bottom.  "How old did you say you are?"

      "Fourteen," he said quickly.

      "Okay.  Here we go. ONE!" Smack.  "TWO!" Smack.   "THREE!"  Smack,
   harder this time.

      "Ouch!" he said.

      "FOUR!" Smack, harder again.

      "OW!" he wiggled a little.

      "Where was I? I forgot.  Oh, yeah. TWO!" Smack.

      "No, you were at five!" he giggled.

      "No, no, no. THREE!" Smack, harder still. "FOUR!" Smack!

      "OUCH!" he was still laughing.

      "Let's see.  How high are we counting?  I forget?"

      "Fourteen."

      "Oh, that's right. THREE!" SMACK.

      "No, you were higher than that!"

      "Where was I?"

      "SIX."

      "Nah. THREE!" SMACK. "FOUR!" SMACK. "FIVE!" SMACK!

      "OW!   THAT  HURTS!"  He was laughing harder now, and just waiting
   for more.

      "FOUR!" SMACK!  "FIVE!" SMACK!  "SIX!" SMACK!!   "SEVEN!"  SMACK!!
   SMACK!! "FIVE!" SMACK! SMACK!! SMACK!!!

      "NO! That's NOT right!"

      We  were  both  laughing  more  now  than  at any time all day.  I
   eventually reached fourteen, plus "one to grow  on",  "one  for  good
   measure",  etc.   My  hand  was  VERY  sore  by  the time I finished,
   because I had hit him quite hard most of the time.  I  imagined  that
   his bottom was also red.

      We  kept  our  positions  for  a  minute,  once again to catch our
   breaths.  I looked at his back, and got  an  idea.   "Now  that  I've
   spanked you, I'll give you a birthday present."

      "What?" he asked.

      "A  back  rub.   I know how to give great back rubs.  I was taught
   by a person who gives massages for a living.  It'll be great."

      "Okay." He wasn't thrilled, but he was willing.

      I moved my legs out from under him, and straddled him, sitting  on
   his  undoubtedly  sore  bottom.   I  then  began to massage his back.
   After a couple of minutes, he was completely relaxed,  and  his  eyes
   closed.  Occassionally  he would utter a "Mmmmm..." sound, indicating
   approval.

      My position was such so that I could rock on  my  legs.   I  began
   rocking  above his buttocks as I moved my hands across his back.  But
   before long my pivots got lower and lower until I could feel my  cock
   rubbing  against his soft buttocks.  The feeling was tremendous.  And
   once again, my plan was working out just fine.  He  opened  his  eyes
   and  looked  back  over  his  shoulder to watch what I was doing.  He
   raised his bottom up  so  that  closer  contact  could  be  made.   I
   continued  to  rub  my  cock into his bottom until I could push it no
   further into his crack. At this point our pants were  an  obstruction
   that  I  knew would have to go. I also knew that he was ready for the
   next step because he had so obviously raised his bottom up to meet my
   thrusts.

      What next?  My mind was racing.  I decided to  do  what  had  been
   working  all  afternoon: tickling.  But I stood on my knees first, to
   encourage him to roll over.  When I stood to my knees, I looked  down
   at  myself.   My  cock  head  was  sticking out the top of my shorts,
   soaked with pre cum. I made no attempt to cover it,  and  just  began
   tickling Roger.

      He  rolled  over immediately, and he saw my cock.  "Look at that!"
   he pointed to it.

      I smiled and kept tickling him.  "Yeah?  What  about  it?"  I  sat
   back down on him so he wouldn't roll over again.

      "Your dick's showing! Ha Ha Ha!" He began tickling me back.

      I  reached  down and pulled it out further.  "So what?" I laughed,
   and stroked it a couple of times.  I grabbed his hands with mine  and
   forced  them  to  the  floor above his head and held them down.  This
   forced me to lay on top of him, with my  exposed  hard  cock  rubbing
   against  his  belly.  I  thrust  on him there a few times, but nearly
   came, so I stopped.  Not quite yet.

      I was resting my head on his shoulder now, and turned toward  him.
   My  mouth  was nearly in his ear.  "I want to see yours, too," I said
   very softly.  With that, I kissed his neck, and ran my tongue  across
   his cheek.  I looked at him and smiled.  He didn't respond.

      Without  getting up any further that was necessary, I reached down
   and unfastened his cut offs.  After unzipping them I pulled them down
   around his thighs.  I felt his cock for the first time by wrapping my
   hand around it quickly, gently.  He took a deep breath and closed his
   eyes as I moved my fingers over  his  balls.  That,  too,  must  have
   tickled. I rolled off of him.  I pulled his pants off completely. His
   tan  line  was obvious.  The dark skin of his belly and legs gave way
   to almost paper white skin everywhere in between.  His fourteen  year
   old  cock  was  throbbing-  hard.   It was probably about four inches
   long, just a nice mouth full.  His balls had no hair on them at  all,
   and  his  blondish  brown  pubic  hair was clustered in a neat little
   mound.  I looked at him and smiled.  He just  looked  back  intently,
   and lay there. He was waiting for me to take the lead the rest of the
   way.

      I  pulled off my own running shorts next, and Roger looked closely
   at my equipment.  Needless to say, I also had a  throbbing  hard  on.
   Since  I  was  a  few years older than Roger, I had considerably more
   hair and also a much larger cock, easily twice the size of  his.   He
   seemed  impressed  with  it.   He was probably wondering if his would
   grow as large.

      I leaned over and began stroking his cock, careful not to over  do
   it.   I  still  wasn't  ready.   I'd  been  building  up  to this all
   afternoon, I didn't want it to end before I was done.   I  encouraged
   him  to  take  mine in his hand and do the same, which he did without
   hesitating.  We stroked each other for several minutes, and  with  my
   other  hand  I caressed all of his body that I could reach, his legs,
   stomach, chest, neck, arms.  I leaned over  and  first  licked,  then
   sucked,  his  nipples  and experienced great satisfaction when I did.
   Then I began nibbling on his ear, neck and, finally, his  mouth.   He
   wasn't  exactly  sure  about that, but he let me put my tongue in his
   mouth.  I sucked on his lip and he finally met my tongue with his and
   we kissed deeply for several minutes.  And my  cock  began  to  throb
   even more.

      I  leaned  down  and  finally began to suck his cock.  I went very
   slow, letting him enjoy each step.  I ran my tongue up and  down  the
   shaft,  then  over his balls.  He flinched a little, but then settled
   down.  I continued to lick his balls for a while, then went  back  up
   the  shaft  and  rolled  my tongue over the head of his boy-cock.  He
   began squirming a little, and so I plunged my mouth down,  taking  in
   the  whole thing.  He took a deep breath and put both of his hands on
   my head and started rubbing it. He took another  deep  breath.   Then
   another.   A  low groan then escaped his lips, he tensed up, and then
   exhaled a long "aaahhhhh". I felt  the  warm  fluid  squirt  into  my
   mouth,  and  tasted  it's bitterness, and continued to move my tongue
   over his cock head, moving his warm cum around his cock and my mouth.
   Another burst of cum, bigger than the first  then  exploded  into  my
   mouth again.  I began to gag, but then was able to swallow it all. He
   relaxed,  looked at me and then closed his eyes.  I smiled at him and
   let him relax for a few minutes.

      Then I asked him to roll over.  I wasn't sure if I really want  to
   fuck  him,  but  I  did  want  to look at, and feel, his ass. When he
   rolled over, I saw how red it was  from  the  spanking.   His  deeply
   tanned back gave way to his very white bottom, which turned red where
   I  had  spanked him, and then white again, which flowed to his deeply
   tanned legs.  I almost came at the  sight  of  it.   I  caressed  his
   buttocks for several minutes, and asked him if they were sore.

      "Naw.   They  feel  pretty good right now." He grabbed my cock and
   began stroking it again.  "Wow, that's REALLY big!" he said.

      "Yeah, I know."

      "I bet it's too big to fit back there, huh?"  His  voice  cracked.
   He wasn't sure about this.

      "Could  be.  I don't want to hurt you." I couldn't believe that he
   had even brought it up.

      "You want to try?"

      "I can if you want me to." My heart was leaping!

      "Okay."

      "I've got to start by getting you ready." I leaned over and  began
   reaming  him.   He  sucked  a  deep  breath.   Moving slowly, I put a
   finger, then two in as far as I could, and wiggled  them  about.   He
   groaned.

      "How does that feel?"

      "Good.   Real good." He said slowly.  I wished I had brought along
   some vaseline, but instead had to settle for spit.

      I lubricated first his hole, then my cock.  "Okay.   get  on  your
   hands  and  knees,"  I  ordered  him.  He complied immediately, and I
   asked, "Are you ready?"

      He nodded.  I placed  my  cock  head  at  his  opening  and  began
   pushing.  At  first  his  whole  body pushed foreward.  I told him to
   push back against me, and then it started to go in.  He groaned as  I
   pushed in further and further.

      "Do you want me to stop?"

      "Huh-uh. More!"

      I  got in about three quarters of the way before I started to pull
   back out.  It was the tightest thing I'd ever fucked, and if I  could
   get  "in the groove" with enough lubrication, I knew that it would be
   great, but to begin with I was more concerned about not hurting  him,
   and  getting  enough  lubrication.   As  I pulled out so that only my
   cock head was still inside him, I again spit on my  hand  and  rubbed
   it  on  the  shaft.  I thrust in again. Again he groaned, louder this
   time.  I pulled back. This time I could get enough spit on it to make
   it work.  But I was out of spit.  So I held my hand down in front  of
   Roger's mouth and said, "Spit in my hand.  A couple of times."

      That was all it took.  I thrust in and back out again, then again,
   going in a little deeper each time.  Each time he groaned, and I kept
   asking  if  he wanted me to quit.  He just shook his head no and kept
   groaning. After awhile I was in all the way.

      I bent over him and wrapped my arms around his chest. "Hold on!"

      It was finally time.  I began thrusting more quickly, in and  out,
   in  and  out, in and out.  He stopped groaning after awhile.  I began
   licking his ear as my breathing  increased.   It  was  so  tight!  My
   thrusts  became  faster  and  I took deeper and deeper breaths. Roger
   began moving with me, carried away by my ecstasy. Moving  in  unison.
   Faster.  Faster. It was tight, sooooo tight! And it felt sooo good to
   be in there, sooo good to be wrapped around him!  Soooo tight!  Soooo
   good! AAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!

      I rolled over and lay on my back next to him.  He was  as  out  of
   breath as I was.  We looked at each other for a long time.

      "Happy birthday, Roger."


                                The End, Whew!
