Archive-name: Bestial/rohanbrd.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Rohan Bride


WARNING: If the idea of women performing oral sex on horses
offends you, or if you are a really fanatical Tolkien fan, read
no further!! You have been warned!!! Because herein it is
explained exactly what Boromir meant when he said that the
people of Rohan "love their horses next to their kin." ;-)


"And do you, Eomer, take Lothiriel as your wife and queen of
your people?" The young rider, dressed in full battle regalia,
drew himself up proudly and faced the priest of Araw.

"I do."

The old priest smiled. "Therefore now, with the Valar as
witness, I pronounce you man and wife, King and Queen." He
nodded toward the veiled woman who stood next to Eomer. "You may
now kiss the bride." The King leaned over and drew back the
veil, revealing a proud, beautiful face, pale white skin framed
with jet black tresses. Eomer held her in his arms and kissed
her deeply, and the guests burst into applause. Many of the
valiant fighters from all over the Riddermark were assembled
there in the courtyard of Meduseld, to witness the wedding.
There was some lingering apprehension at the prospect of having
a foreign-born Queen. But this had happened before, and the
royal line had, if anything, grown stronger. In any case, the
next part of the ceremony would show whether or not she was
worthy of the throne.

The priest raised his arms, and the cheers died down. "Now there
remains only the final rite, the Rite of the Steed. Are you
ready, Your Highness?" Lothiriel nodded. "Bridesmaids, prepare
her!" shouted the priest.

Lothiriel knelt as the young women gathered and began to remove
the bridal garments from her curvacious body. The priest began
to recite the long tradition of the Rite of the Steed. Lothiriel
did not pay much attention, having heard it before: how the Rite
was a symbol of the link between the people of Rohan and their
beloved horses. The Rite ensured that the Rohirrim would
increase with each generation, for a bride who passed it would
surely be a lusty woman, and the union would bring many
children. The Rite created a special symbolic bond between the
warrior, his bride, and his steed of war. And in the case of a
royal wedding, the Rite renewed the link between the ruling
family and the Mearas, the great horses descended from Felarof.

Of course, the priest didn't mention the primary reason for the
Rite of the Steed: it was a great excuse for a group of men to
get together and watch a woman suck a horse's cock.

She continued to listen to the priest drone on as Eowyn, the
chief bridesmaid and Lothiriel's new sister-in-law, bent down
with a smile and pulled off the last layer of the white lacy
gown. A low murmur of approval ran through the crowd as
Lothiriel's full, round breasts came into view. It was always a
favorable omen for the Queen to have an ample bust, the better
to nourish a strong future King. Indeed, the skalds had long
recounted how the borders of Rohan had shrunk or grown to mirror
the size of the breasts of the previous Queen.

Out of the corner of her eye she saw Eowyn glance over them and
lick her lips. Ordinarily Lothiriel would have been shocked, but
after many conversations with her husband's sister, she doubted
the wanton shield-maiden could do or say anything to surprise
her. Indeed, it was mostly because of Eowyn that she felt so at
ease about the Rite. Eowyn had brought up the subject, and when
Lothiriel had expressed doubts about it, Eowyn had led her down
to the stable and demonstrated it for her. She had knelt
underneath Windfola, her war-stallion, and sucked his immense
penis. At first Lothiriel had been repelled, but as she watched
Eowyn's obvious enjoyment her opinion changed. By the time
Windfola spewed his seed all over his mistress' face and chest,
Lothiriel had been barely able to keep from joining her, so
badly did she want to taste the hot horse-semen. But she could
not; Eowyn had already explained that it was not proper for a
married or betrothed woman to do that except with her husband's
mount.

But then, Lothiriel doubted very much if her sister-in-law cared
much about what was "proper." From their talks together she knew
that Windfola was definitely not the only male to feel Eowyn's
mouth on his penis. For one, she knew that Firefoot, Eomer's
steed, would not be experiencing something new during the Rite.
Nor would Eomer, later that evening. Also, part of the reason
the late Grima Wormtongue had lusted after Eowyn was that he had
seen why old Theoden called her "dearer than daughter." She had
told Lothiriel how she had convinced Elfhelm the Marshall to
permit her to ride to break the Siege of Gondor. And, of course,
there was the was the halfling (what was his name?) in the
Houses of Healing at Minas Tirith. "He was tall where it
counted," Eowyn had said, licking her lips. "But for some
reason, he always wanted to smoke that disgusting pipeweed
afterwards."

"Bring in the Royal Steed!" shouted the priest.

Eomer's squires led his black stallion, Firefoot, into the
circle of guests. The priest and the bridesmaids moved aside as
the young men brought the great beast up to Lothiriel and
maneuvered it so that it stood, towering, over the kneeling
Queen-to-be. For a minute or so she could only stare, awed, at
the enormous penis in front of her. It was at least two feet
long! And it was growing -- Firefoot apparently had some idea
what was going to happen, and he was standing quietly, waiting.
Lothiriel smiled and stroked the huge cock, hoping she would be
as skilled as Eowyn.

Lothiriel tried to wrap her hands around the part of the horse's
penis that had extended from the sheath, but her delicate hands
could not encircle the thick shaft. The began rubbing and
stroking it, her mouth hanging open just a little. Firefoot
snorted. His penis continued to grow in her hands, reaching over
a yard long. Her dark eyes wide, Lothiriel continued to stroke
the shaft as she moved her lips up towards the head. She pressed
them against the glistening bead of pre-cum that had oozed from
the tip of Firefoot's penis, then licked it off. She started
running her tongue all over the black-skinned horse cock,
concentrating on the glans for the most part. Whenever a few
drops of liquid had gathered she lapped them up. Then she pursed
her lips and placed them on the hole, and started taking the
huge fist-sized head into her mouth. At least, she made a good
effort. Eowyn had told her that it took a lot of practice, and
not to expect to get it in on the first try. Still, Firefoot's
snorts sounded like those of enjoyment. She continued sucking,
opening her jaw as wide as she could, while she licked the
underside of the glans and stroked the horse's enormous shaft.
Firefoot whinnied and pawed the ground again.

Deciding to try something different, Lothiriel moved up and
nestled the wet glans between her breasts. An astonished murmur
swept through the crowd, along with scattered applause, as she
slid Firefoot's cock-head through her cleavage. She wondered if
the horse liked it better -- this was something she knew Eowyn
couldn't have done. Lothiriel watched, mesmerized, as the glans
moved closer, then back, again and again, as it plowed through
the valley between her breasts. Suddenly she heard someone near
her clear his throat, and saw the priest standing above her.

"Er, begging your pardon, Your Majesty," the priest said,
"but... I'm not sure if this is a proper act for the Rite."
Lothiriel looked up at him with a questioning look as she
continued to rub Firefoot's cock-head with her cleavage.

"What do you mean?" she asked, not breaking her stride.

The priest hesitated for a moment. "Tradition requires the use
of the mouth or the hands, Your Majesty." Lothiriel smiled and
changed back to her earlier position, eliciting both applause
and groans of disappointment from the crowd of guests. By now
Firefoot was very near his climax. Pre-cum trickled freely out
onto Lothiriel's tongue as she licked and slurped at the horse's
glans. She stroked vigorously on the shaft, her open mouth just
in front of the bobbing cock-head. Then Firefoot whinnied one
last time and his penis began to jerk hard in Lothiriel's grip.

She had the horse-cock aimed well; the first gush of the
stallion's semen landed mostly in her mouth. Some splattered
over her cheeks. But the shock of it made her grip falter and
the next glob of hot seed hit her squarely in the chin. Closing
her eyes Lothiriel directed the cock towards her face again, and
the next load splashed across her cheek and down over her
overflowing mouth. She kept on stroking Firefoot's spasming cock
it pumped huge streams of hot horse-seed all over her face, in
her hair, on the ground, and all over her heaving breasts. By
the time the horse was spent he had covered most of her upper
body with sperm.

The squires now led the horse away as the priest walked over and
looked down at Lothiriel. She opened her mouth wide; it was
completely full of Firefoot's semen. The priest nodded.
Lothiriel closed her mouth and swallowed the mouthful of warm,
gooey horse-cum with a loud, liquid gulp. The guests started to
applaud again as the priest took her arm and helped her to her
feet. Lothiriel stood before the wedding-guests, most of them
now her subjects. Most of her body glistened with a slick
coating of horse-semen. It oozed and dripped off of her face and
breasts, some of it running down her belly and her legs. She
smiled and licked it from her lips as the priest turned to the
assembly and shouted in a loud voice.

"People of Rohan, behold your new Queen!"

*****************************************************************

Praise and constructive criticism will be responded to. Flames
will go to the great bit bucket in the sky, so save yourself the
trouble. If this one is well received, the next one will deal
with one of the episodes only hinted at: "Elladan and Elrohir
were out on errantry: for they rode often far afield with the
Rangers of the North, forgetting never their mother's torment in
the dens of the orcs."

For those of you who don't recognize the names (and to give
proper credit to, believe it or not, one of my favorite authors),
most of the above characters and names are from J.R.R. Tolkien's
The Lord of the Rings. This is just a parody; I am not attempting
to imply that these are officialy sanctioned "extensions" of the
novels, though I doubt anyone with even half a brain would be
fooled! :-)

--
