                      Rocking My Canoe!
                      by Rachel Taylor

What a gorgeous day! Indian Summer was at its peak. Most of
the cottagers had gone back to work, our kids were in school
and we were having a grand time paddling through the lake
system not too far from home. We had set out around nine
that late-September morning, me in the front of the rented
canoe, my husband Brian commanding ship from the stern. Our
good friends, Tom and Amanda were paddling along beside us
in their own fiberglass 16-footer. We had just gone past the
point of land where the last cottages were, when our lunch
destination came into view about a mile and half down the
lake -- a small island near the far shore.

Mandy announced that she wasn't about to waste the last
chance to touch up her tan. She laid her paddle across the
gunwales and whipped off her sweatshirt. Our canoe slowed at
the same time as my husband paused to admire her naked
breasts. They were impressive -- smaller than mine but well
preserved for a lady in her mid-thirties. Tom didn't seem to
mind his wife's display other than to complain he wasn't
getting much of a view. I looked back questioningly at Brian
and when I saw a smile on his face I decided to go for it. I
had unzipped my jacket in the warm weather so I shrugged it
off my shoulders and pulled my T-shirt over my head. I felt
like a tease so I left my bra on and picked up my paddle to
resume our trip when I felt a splash from behind me. "Come
on, Rachel. Off with it!" my husband jeered.

I unhooked the strap and dropped the bra on top of my shirt
and jacket. I'm a well-endowed blonde and soon heard
enthusiastic comments from the nearby canoe (to be honest,
the blonde hair is not real but the endowment is all mine).
The warm fall air felt wonderful on my skin as we continued
to paddle along. The air and my thoughts were combining to
produce a nice tingling in my nipples which became more
erect as our journey progressed. I've always fantasized
about exhibitionism and my pussy began to react as I
wondered about other erections I might be causing. I was
quite wet and horny by the time we got to downwind side of
the island. Nevertheless, I put my T-shirt back on and
helped unpack the picnic lunch and lay out the blankets. It
occurred to me later that the thin material of the T-shit
tightly stretched across my chest likely got to the men as
much or more than my earlier nudity.

Lunch tasted as good as you might imagine. There's nothing
like eating outdoors with a healthy appetite. The wine we
brought along was still nicely chilled. I was thirsty from
the morning's long paddle and no doubt drank more than I
should. That explained my lack of reserve when Mandy
suggested nude sunbathing while we digested lunch. No one
objected and we peeled out of our clothing once again. The
men were eyeing both of us without much pretense, and I'll
confess to sneaking a glance at Tom as he stepped out of his
underwear. His body type was much the same as Brian's but he
was displaying the early stages of an erection. I was just
beginning to satisfy my curiosity when he quickly lay face
down beside his wife. This was the only man, other than my
husband, that I had seen naked since my college days. The
image of his half-hard cock stayed with me as I lay face
down and felt the sun and the slight breeze wash over my
entire body.

I find the sun's heat very relaxing. Despite the thoughts of
sex running through my mind, the wine exerted it's influence
and I felt myself drift into slumber. The last sound I can
remember was the splash of waves among the rocky shoreline
of the island.

I'm not sure how much time passed before I began to awaken.
Before opening my eyes, I became aware of what had disturbed
me. A warm lotion was being applied to my back and
shoulders. How sweet, I thought --  Brian had the sense to
bring the sun screen. I decided to pretend to remain asleep
as I enjoyed the sensation of this back rub. Brian was
behind me so I took a chance and peeked over to where Mandy
and Tom had been but they were no longer there. I did hear
the sounds of a couple splashing in the water and decided
they must have felt the need to cool down.

Brian's hands continued to apply lotion down my back. I felt
a cool squirt of lotion across my thighs and buttocks. I
smiled inwardly to think what liberties my husband might
take with what he thought was a still sleeping wife. Sure
enough, I soon felt his hands linger longer than necessary
on my buns. I felt his fingers begin to caress the crack of
my ass and then the realization hit me! I almost turned
around immediately to check if this was Brian behind me, but
some compulsion (the devil perhaps) kept me in check and I
did not move. I lay still, listening keenly to see if I
could determine which man was in the water and which had
been left beside me. While Mandy's laughter could be clearly
heard I could not make out the lower register voice. My
heart began to race and I had to struggle to control my
breathing.

The warm hands continued their exploring, fingertips
brushing dangerously close to my asshole, hands dwelling on
the inside of my thighs. I thought back to my hard nipples
and wet pussy of the morning. I thought back to my brief
glimpse of cock, not so long ago. If this was Brian, I could
relax and enjoy this. If it was Tom? -- well, I decided not to
find out. Perhaps a guilty pleasure would be every bit as
welcome. I stirred briefly as though still heavily asleep,
but moved my legs a bit, drawing one knee up slightly. The
hands retreated for a couple of minutes but when they
returned had freer access to my charms. Sure enough it was
not long before strokes on my inner thigh worked higher and
higher until I felt fingers glancing against my pussy at the
top of each stroke. The touch was tantalizingly light and I
longed for the fingers to become more aggressive. It was
torture! My mystery man was taking care not to wake me, which
increased my suspicion that perhaps my husband was off
enjoying a swim.

Torture like this has its consequences however, and I was
soon sure his fingers were becoming slick with something
other than sun screen. My tormentor must have realized there
were two enjoying this as I heard his breathing quicken and
then felt his touch become bolder. He moved closer to me,
allowing his hand free access between my legs. I felt his
cock brush against my bare leg. There was no doubt about his
excitement -- but was that the same familiar size I have felt
so many times before?

His hands concentrated only on my cunt now. His fingers
separated my lips and spread my wetness up and down my slit.
The tip of his middle finger probed forward as far as
possible and found the base of my clit. He began to move his
finger back and forth, the pressure and the rhythm close to
perfect. His body began to move with the rhythm of his hand
and I felt his hard prick slide back and forth on my outer
thigh. I wanted to reach back and encircle his cock with a
tight grasp -- to advance his lust to the same level as mine.
The dance of his fingers accelerated and I could not
maintain the pretense of sleep any further. A low moan
escaped my lips as I spread my legs further apart. I moved
back slightly allowing him complete access to my clit and he
made full contact with that incredible finger. I reached the
point of no return and began an amazingly intense climax, an
orgasm that began in my toes and coursed through my body in
wave after wave. I felt myself peak and then peak again.
Unbelievable spasms wracked through my vagina. Finally I
could take no more and closed my thighs together to imprison
that depraved hand.

I had to know. I rolled over and gazed into my tormentor's
eyes. What a wicked smile was upon that face. He pointed
down to the water where I could now clearly make out both
the features and the activities of the couple in the water.
It seems they would not object and perhaps not even notice
what remained to be done on shore. I pushed him back, slid
down his body and grabbed the base of his now fully erect
cock in one hand, leaving two handfuls still uncovered.

 "Tell me what works for you," I said, as I brought him
towards my eager mouth . . .
