Archive-name: Amazon/rolltide.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Roll Tide


    My wife is as avid an Alabama fan as I am a Tennessee 
fan. The Alabama VS Tennessee football game is always a tense time 
around our house.  Tennessee has won the last few years and I haven't 
pushed it too much, because I knew that it would not last.  Also, in 
the overall series Alabama is way ahead.

    This year my wife and I were separated when the game was 
played because of a situation beyond our control. I knew Alabama would 
slaughter Tennessee this year; Tennessee was having a terrible season, 
while Alabama was ranked # 2 in the country. When I talked with her on 
the phone I said, " Well, I challenge you to a Tennessee male vs 
Alabama female wrestling match. The Tennessee football team was 
slaughtered; but, I'll bet you I can make you say, GO VOLS." My wife's 
reaction was both humiliating and exciting.

    She told me over the phone that she had a special version 
of the Alabama VS Tennessee rivalry that we would do when we got 
together. After we had the kids settled and asleep, my wife came over 
and sat next to me on the couch. She leaned over and whispered in my 
ear, " You know the outcome of the Alabama/Tennessee football game ? 
Well, I'm telling you that this Alabama female is going to stomp your 
weak little male Tennessee ass. You are going to beg me for mercy 10 
times in the next 30 minutes and each time you do I'm going to make you 
beg me to take 10 dollars to release you from the hold you are in. And, 
by the end of the 30 minutes you are going to be a converted Alabama 
fan. In fact I'll bet you'll be gladly yelling ROLL TIDE. Think about 
it; and, while you think, strip to your underwear and I'll be back in a 
minute and we'll start."  I replied, " What if I make you give up ?" 
Linda laughed and said,  " Honey, if you can make me give up I'll pay 
you 20 dollars."

    Then I said, "We'll see who converts who. I know you have 
made me submit to your strong legs before; but, this is a matter of 
honor. I will Never say, Roll Tide !!!. " She just grinned at me, 
winked and said, " I was counting on that attitude; it will make it so 
much more fun when you beg me to let you say it. I can't wait. " She 
turned and went upstairs while I stripped and thought about what she 
had said..

    When she returned she was wearing high heels and a robe. 
She walked over to me and reached down and got my hand; then she said, 
" Let's go upstairs into the bedroom."  She giggled as she led me by 
the hand upstairs to the bedroom. When we got into the bedroom she 
stepped around me, shut and locked the door and slowly opened her robe 
and let it fall to the floor. She was wearing only her panties and her 
high heels. With her heels on she was taller than I am; which was 
somewhat intimidating. She smiled at me and crooked her finger in a 
come hither gesture. 

    I walked over to her; she draped one arm over my shoulder 
and drew me close to her.  Then she gave me one of her kisses, which 
causes me to tingle all over and clouds my thinking. She was french 
kissing me and my head was arched up at an angle because of her being 
taller than me. I thought she had forgotten about the contest when I 
began to feel her arm tighten around my neck.      Suddenly she squeezed 
with a tremendous burst of power. She stopped the kiss and whispered in 
my ear, " Here's hold number one, wimp. How long can you hold on to 
your 10 dollars ?  I'll bet not very long. " She snaked her other hand 
down and began to play with my dick. She gave me a little squeeze with 
that hand and taunted me with, " Wonder which will crush first; your 
scrawny neck or this rock hard dick ? Before we find out is there 
something you want to say ? " A solid squeeze with her arm around my 
neck convinced me that she would win soon so I croaked out, "please 
don't squeeze anymore. I beg you to let me pay you 10 dollars to stop." 
She tightened the hold even more and said, " See how easy this is going 
to be ? Now say, Alabama women are stronger than Tennessee men, and 
I'll let you go. " To help me decide she loosened her grip and then 
tightened it again suddenly. I readily complied with her instructions.

" Ok, little one, that's 10 dollars you owe me. That was quick wasn't 
it ? This may not take 30 minutes. " I had plopped down on the edge of 
the bed after the first fall and was looking up into her smiling face 
as she spoke. She walked over to me and grabbed a handful of hair as 
she stepped backwards. This had me stumble to my knees. Before I could 
do anything she walked forward again and bent my head backward so that 
she was straddling my neck. She closed her thighs on my neck and thus 
had me firmly in a standing neck scissors. I knew then that I would 
loose this fall to. She stood up on her toes further stretching my neck 
and flexed her strong thighs against my neck. She relaxed her thighs 
and said, " Put your hands on my thighs and feel these Alabama grown 
muscles, NOW. " As I did she flexed them again. I tried to close my 
eyes against the pain. Linda saw this and said, " Oh no ! Open your 
eyes, little man, I want you to look at me as I increase the pressure." 
She relaxed and then tightened up again as I looked up into her 
smiling, almost laughing face.  She began to slowly move her hips from 
side to side and relax and then tighten her thighs at the same time. 
She increased the speed and intensity of this move and said, " This is 
fun, don't you agree ? I don't know why I haven't used this hold 
before."  She then bent her knees and then straightened up suddenly and 
squeezed at the same time with such force that I immediately began to 
give up. " I don't want your submission, that's easy to get. What are 
you supposed to say ? " The pressure continued as I squeeked out, "I 
beg you to please let me pay you 10 dollars to release me. Alabama 
females are stronger than Tennessee men." The pressure eased off as 
Linda said, " Very good, Wimpy,  Now we can continue the lesson. In 
addition to the statement I've already taught you add, and can take 
them apart in a wrestling match. " Once again I felt the awesome power 
and I said, "Alabama women are stronger than Tennessee men, and can 
take them apart in a wrestling match."


" This really is fun, and profitable. You are 20 dollars down now. You 
can rest for a minute or two if you want to. " She opened her legs and 
I fell in a heap at her feet. She stepped over me, after standing 
there, looking at me for awhile and winking. She sat on the edge of the 
bed behind me and said, " No wonder Alabama stomped Tennessee so badly, 
Tennesseians are weaklings. You are as outclassed as the football team 
was. In fact, I'll bet the Alabama cheerleaders could take the 
Tennessee football team. "
 
    After I had rested for as long as she wanted me to; she 
reached down and lifted my head up with a handful of hair. " Roll over, 
weakling, and put your face into my crotch. " After I complied she 
placed one hand on each thigh and crossed her legs, locking her ankles 
together behind my head. She then began to alternately flex her thigh 
muscles. Suddenly she put on the pressure with her thighs and her inner 
thigh muscles. I tried to stand, but she began to twist her hips from 
side to side, keeping me off balance. She eased up and placed her hand 
under my chin, pulled up -which tilted my head up and forced me to look 
into her smiling face and laughing eyes. " This time I want you to beg 
me to let you take off your panties and pay me 20 dollars. I don't 
think you'll last for 30 minutes. I sure am glad you thought of this, 
aren't you ? " Before I could respond she gave me another wink and a 
squeeze. I quickly begged her to let me strip off my underpants and I 
said the statement she had so painfully taught me. " This time as you 
rest I want you to slowly remove my panties. " She stood up and I got 
to my knees and slowly removed her panties. She lay on the bed and 
said, " Come up here, short stuff and lay down beside me. " When I did 
she wrapped her arms and legs around me, I was unable to move as she 
played her " Whistle when you want me to stop, game ". I was totally 
spent and beaten at this point and she laughed at my being unable to 
whistle or get loose. After a while she stopped her game, but continued 
to keep me wrapped up like a pretzel as she just lay there grinning 
from ear to ear.

    Finally she released me and got off of the bed. She slid 
me toward her so that my body was on the bed with my head hanging off 
of the edge. She calmly straddled my head and pulled up on my arms, 
forcing my head into her pussy. Without a word from her I began to 
"work her over" with my tongue. She put on the squeeze and I found it 
difficult to breathe.  She once again stood up on her toes stretching 
my neck while she squeezed, relaxed; squeezed, relaxed. She placed my 
hands on her tits and I had a hard time concentrating on all I was 
supposed to do. Finally she said, " I think you are finished, little 
weak Tennessee man. I think this strong Alabama female has made mince 
meat out of you. We can continue, but you know I'm too much for you. 
You can beg me to take the 100 dollars, all of it and say ROLL TIDE 
now; or I can continue to destroy you. It's up to you. " 


She squeezed with all of her strength and began to shake me like a 
puppy does his toys. My face was smothered into her pussy and I began 
to slap at those steel like thighs to signal my submission. She ignored 
me for awhile and I thought she was going to knock me unconscious.  She 
let up and I begged her to let me pay her 100 dollars to release me. 
Another squeeze and shake routine and when it stopped I said, " ROLL 
TIDE, ROLL TIDE ".

" Not so fast, little weak Tennessee man, I want you to beg me to -let 
you say ROLL TIDE-. I mean beg to; not just ask. " Once again she began 
to flex, squeeze, and shake. I immediately began to say, " Please, 
strong Alabama female, allow me to say ROLL TIDE. I can't take anymore. 
Alabama women are stronger and can take Tennessee men apart in 
wrestling anytime they want. I beg you to stop and let me say ROLL TIDE 
please. "

     " Very good, weakling, now finish the job your tongue 
started. " I did and as I did so she would flex those thighs from time 
to time; she did this while she bent over and began to work on my dick 
with her mouth.  She came and then had me put my dick in her. Later she 
made me say again all that I had learned. " From now on if I say one or 
hold up one finger, no matter where we are you will say ROLL TIDE. If 
you don't we'll do this again, but I'll make you submit the full 10 
times. " And so THE TIDE ROLLS ON !!!!.

--
