Copyright © 1997, Angel Starr,  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.



Filename="Roller.txt"

ATTENTION!! ATTENTION! ATTENTION!! ATTENTION!! ATTENTION!! ATTENTION!! 

	The following is a work of erotic fiction. It is a very explicit story of a 12 yr. Old girl personality of mine named Angel Starr and a "stranger" she meets. If you'd like more stories about Angel or would like to be her "friend" write to angelstarr69@juno.com  Thanks,

Robert & Angel



Roller Romp
by Angel Starr

        
        I was roller skating in this weird part of town the other day. I had on a pink halter top and short yellow skirt. It was so nice and sunny and a light breeze was blowing. My little yellow skirt kept on flying about as I did all these neat types of moves on my skates. It would not stay down at all and my powder blue panties were showing off for everyone to see.
        As I was skating in the park this old man was sitting on a bench watching me. I caught him out of the corner of my eye and saw him smile when my skirt would fly up. He looked handsome (not as handsome as you though) with a beard and mustache. I smiled back at him and gave him a nice show.
        I was twirling around and sticking my little bottom out like they do on those skating shows. As I was daydreaming I was on one of those shows I fell down BOOM! and hit my botto. The old man quickly got up from the bench and strolled over to me. 
        "Are you okay little girl?" He asked I looked up at him and saw that he was looking straight down at my panties! Now being the naughty girl I am (Oh you know how naughty I can be) I gave him a good look. When I felt he saw enough I said "Oh, excuse me sir." and fluffed my little skirt out all prim and proper.
        "Th...that's okay." He stammered kind a sweating. " I'm just concerned if your okay." I said yes again and he offered to help me up. As I was dusting off my skirt he also asked if I wanted to come home with him! "Oh..ah..to get cleaned off properly. You look like the girl who takes great pride in how she looks and that spill has rumbled you up a bit."
        I was sort of nervous cause my lovers who I trust always tell me "Angel dear, NEVER go with strangers." But this man was so cute! I had to see if...well you'll see!
        When we got to his house he was all a flutter. Telling me about his life and stuff like that. Soon he asked me if I wanted to iron my skirt out. " I can let you borrow one of my robes while you do that." He stammered getting the ironing board out. I felt very michivious here. Like I could really have fun. I love to be a tease for my daddy and Uncle they love me and we don't hurt each other I just love to tease men and have fun.
        When the man got the iron our I had slipped out of my skirt. His eyes were bugged out. I said "Oh thank you sir this should help." And soon he was off to get the robe> I knew what he really wanted, he wanted a young girl to play with to make him feel good. I like to do that and part of that is turning men on. I new that if I was standing there n my little panties he would just love it.
        I wore the robe he gave me for a few minutes as he sat no the couch. I talked all about how I loved to skate, my school, my favorite things. When I saw that he was just so hyped up with love for me I made my first move.
        "Uh sir...this robe is a little hot. I'm almost done with this could I just take it off and finish in my panties?" I smiled innocently and saw his jaw fall to the floor. I had made his fantasy come true, or at least part of it.
        "Ye..yes that's okay with me..uh what's your name anyway?" He asked. I told him it was Angel and dropped the robe to the floor. I was there a twelve yr old girl in my little top and powder blue panties. There in a strange man's house and feeling both vulnerable and sexy. Wanting him to see me naked yet, wanting to be innocent. Most of all, I wanted to kiss his cock. 
        As I finished my skirt I notice how much his bulge was getting bigger and bigger, He had to squirm about every so often to hide it. I felt proud that I was turning him on. 
        "All done!" I said and he almost jumped ten feet. 
        "ooh..already?' He looked disappointed as if the show was over. He got up and I walked over and plopped my little botto on the soft plush couch.
        "Oh this is a nice couch. We have one like it at home." I crossed my legs and leaned my head against his shoulder.
        "bu..but what about your skirt. Don't you want to get dressed and go?" He was jumpy and in a way I felt sad about that. I wanted to be sexual with him like my daddy and uncle but he seemed so...so scared. I wondered if I went too far.
        "Well I can but it's kinda still hot and it should cool down...uh..what's your name? I told you mine but what's yours?" I leaned back and gave him some room.
        "Uh it's Robert Angel. Robert" 
        That's a nice name kind a important you know like "Here comes Robert the CEO stuff." He smiled at that and more relaxed.
        I knew kit was now or never. I gently moved my hand to his pant leg and felt how warm it was. In a way I wanted to be the innocent little girl but also the slut that I felt I was. I chose then to be innocent cause I sensed that's what Robert wanted.
        I didn't move my hand away instead he took a hold of it. His hand was strong but friendly. I could feel how much he wanted me. I didn't know what he was going to do but in a way that was exciting.
        "Umm..Angel your very pretty. You have lovely red hair your green eyes are beautiful too." I smiled I once again put my head on his shoulder. 
        "Thanks Robert sometimes I think I'm ugly you know just plan." 
        "Oh no your very beautiful. Your very much a child yet I sense..I sense a women growing deep inside of you." When I heard him say this I was very moved. I thought he was going to fill my head with some dribble but Robert seemed to really love the person I was. Much like my Daddy & Uncle.
        "Thank you Robert." I said kissing him gently on his cheek.
        "Uh Angel do you know about sex?" I almost laughed out loud! I do know about sex! But I felt for him I should be innocent. I told him just the stuff I learned in school or read in my daddy's magazines.
        "What magazines?" Robert asked. Well I didn't wanna tell him that my daddy and I did some home movies and mags for our special friends so I said playboy.
        "Oh I see." With that he moved my hand to his very hard dick.
        "Well men have...' I knew where we were going with this so I kind a speed things up. "Yes I know what men have and what women have. I just...well I just wanna know what to do with them." Robert was taken aback by this a bit but went with the flow.
        "Would you like to see mine?" He asked and began to gently take it out. I hadn't had a chance to stay yes I guess he was just too horny now to care. That was okay so was I.
        "OOOH Robert it's nice. It's bigger then some of the boys I've seen at school." Ooops I told but that seemed to turn him on more. He asked me what it was like.
        "Well gee..me and these boys Jeff, Alan, and Steve, went down by this big wall and they should me their pricks and I showed them my pussy. They felt warm and soft but grew when I touched them. I even...well I even kissed one of them." I knew he would like that. And his face lit up.
        "You kissed one? Would you like to kiss mine Angel?" I was dying to! But I didn't want to seem too egret. 
        Robert took me by the hands and helped me up off the couch. He soon plopped back down and told me what to do. "Well you get on you little knees there and take it in your mouth. Start slowly and just kiss my head. Okay?" I nodded yes. This was the part I loved the best!
        Soon I was starring at his dick. His little eye hole winking at me saying "Here I am kiss me." And I did. I gave it a gentle little girl kiss and Robert moaned out loud.
        "Oooh that's very good Angel." He said as he patted my head. Soon I had his head in my mouth and I licked all about it and felt it leak a bit of pre-cum. I let him talk me through it even though I'd been sucking my daddy and uncle off since age six. I like the trust, the feeling of education he was giving me. I liked being special to this man who loved girls. 
        Soon I had half of his dick in my mouth. I didn't go any further. I didn't want to let him know what type of slut I really was! But soon...soon he would be squirting. What should I do? Should I pull out and let him shoot off "safely" as he said (he was telling me what was coming up as I sucked) or should I give him a treat and drink him cum? I wanted to so much keep the feeling of innocence but also wanted to taste him. I took my little mouth off for a moment. "Oh please.. please Robert can I taste your stuff?" I begged. I knew that would bring him closer to the edge but I also wanted to give him the choice of how to finish. 
        "Oh Angel if you want to please drink my stuff." He breathed with with hands firmly on my head he aimed his dick back to my mouth.
        I soon felt the familiar feeling of my mouth being screwed. Back and forth but in a gentle way. I felt so special to be giving pleasure to this stranger. Soon I could taste it leaking out a bit and Robert's breathing labored. Soon..very soon and then..and then..SPLAT...SQUIRT! SQUIRT! SQUIRT! I tasted the strangers cum for the first time. I was rich, salty and warm and I swallowed it as best I could. I loved it very much.
        Robert loved it too for his breathing got heavier as he spurted and he praised me on how good I was. "OOOH little Angel your wonderful, beautiful delectable.!" 
        After I felt the last squirts come out I rested my face in his warm hairy crotch and in a tiny whisper said "Thank you Robert."
        Soon we became calm again and I got up my little panties wet. He noticed and moaned once again.
        "I liked that Robert. I think your very special. Can I kiss you?" I asked and he opened his arm wide and I feel into them. I kissed him gently on the forehead and then kissed him on the lips. I still had some of his cum in my mouth and he smiled wide when he licked it off my teeth.
        "Oooh I've got to go it's late!" I soon said. He seemed sad then. Like a little puppy whose master had left for the day. I knew It would be hard for him so I had a plan.
        "May I use your bathroom Robert before I go?" He readily said yes and I went. I really didn't have to go but I did want to leave him a present. I slipped my skirt on, pulled my powder blue panties off and placed them on the toilet. I had found a note pad and pencil on a stand besides it. On the pad I wrote in big bold letters THESE ARE FOR YOU. I LOVED WHAT WE DID WANNA DO IT SOME MORE! COME TO THE PARK TOMORROW! Then I placed the panties down and left the note on top of them.
        "Well I gotta go" I said. I could still see his puppy dog look and very daintily I hugged him and kissed him. As I walked out the door I playfully pulled my skirt up to reveal...nothing! I soon heard the door slam shut hurried footsteps and just as I passed his gate I heard "OH GOD YES!"
        As I walked down the street to the park and my house I smiled for once again I had made someone happy. 











--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....


