Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





by:  Big Daddy



 Romantic moment * ( a romantic piece about a man and his
daughter after his wife has died)

	And at that critical moment when the kiss would have went too
long, his lips parted slowly.  Mallory's heart skipped a beat,
crawled up into her throat and started pounding double time. 
For some reason unbeknownst to her, she opened her lips and for
a moment, brief as it was, her father's tongue slipped into her
mouth and touched hers.  When he pulled away suddenly, Mallory's
heart was still racing.  Her face flushed with blood, she waved
her hand in her face to fan herself.

"Oh my god," she panted nervously.

"I'm so sorry," her father said as he sat up straight in his
chair and put his face in his hands.  "I don't know what came
over me.  It's just...you look so much like your mother."

"Don't be sorry," Mallory said as she continued to fan herself. 
"I just wasn't prepared for that.  You kind of caught me off
guard."

"Forgive me."

"Listen dad," she said as she dropped her hands into her lap and
smoothed her silky green dress nervously.  "I'm a big girl now. 
I can understand."

"I was wrong...I...I don't know what came over me."

Mallory reached over and grabbed her fathers hand softly, "Dad,
you don't have to apologize.  I know  you must be lonely since
mom died.  Besides, I didn't exactly fight you now did I?"

Taking her hand in his, Mallory's father rubbed her soft skin.  

"You're so much like her," he said as he caressed her hand.

Mallory leaned forward in her chair and looked her father in the
eyes. 

"I miss her too," she said.  "But we can't bring her back."	

"I know sweetheart," he said staring into her eyes, then softly,
"you can sleep on the couch."

"Dad," Mallory whispered.  It was only one word, but it was as
if she were calling him.

Slowly Mallory's father leaned forward, his lips close to hers
and then they kissed again.  Softly his tongue entered her mouth
and explored hers.  When the kiss ended Mallory sat up in the
chair and breathed heavy, "That's nice."

Mallory watched intensely as her father slid off the chair and
got on his knees in front of her.  Pressing his face against her
chest he softly kissed the bare breast that was exposed at the
top of the dress.  Slowly her father untied the bow string that
held the front of the dress together and pulled the green satin
apart to reveal her naked breasts.  Her nipples were soft and
dark against her silky white skin.  Carefully her father placed
her left nipple between his lips and sucked on it, tugging on it
gently until it stood erect.  Engulfing her nipple with his
mouth his tongue flicked around the hard knob while he tugged
the other nipple to erect form with his fingers.  He sucked
noisily as he slid his mouth to her other breast and began to
lick the other.  Mallory panted and ran her fingers through her
fathers hair while he continued to suck on her nipples. Softly
her father grabbed her breasts in his large hands and squeezed
them as he licked and nursed on them. Mallory watched her father
sucking on her chest and felt her crotch getting wetter with
each slurp.

Carefully Mallory's father caressed her body as his hands slid
down her thighs and legs.  Slowly his hand found the edge of the
dress and lifted it until he could feel her ankle.  Running his
hands along her pantyhose, her father pushed her dress up until
his fingers were working at her waist line.  When he found the
edge of the pantyhose, her father began to pull them down and
Mallory gently raised off the chair so that the stockings could
be pulled off.  Mallory gently pinched her still hard nipples,
twisting them and tugging them while her father pulled her shoes
off and took her stockings off of her legs.  Running his hands
back up her legs, he cupped her calves and squeezed them on the
way back up to her waist.  Carefully his large fingers pulled
her panties away from her stomach and she felt the butterflies
in her frolicking when his skin touched hers and her panties
started to slide down.  Lifting herself once more, Mallory
allowed her father to remove her panties.

The blood rushing to her face, Mallory rubbed her neck and
breasts softly.  Slowly she worked her hand up her chin and
stuck a finger in her mouth and sucked on it gently while her
other hand pulled her dress up her thighs.

Pushing her legs apart gently, Mallory's father pushed the dress
up and kissed her dark pubic hair.

"Oh daddy," Mallory panted.

Slowly her father worked his fingers up between her legs and
parted her sweaty lips slightly before his tongue flicked into
her clit and began to wiggle back and forth.

"Oh daddy," Mallory said again as she placed her hands on his
head and began to run her fingers through his hair.  Slowly
Mallory lifted her knees and scooted forward in the chair. Her
father's tongue flicked her labia as he grabbed it in his lips
and tugged on it gently.  "I love you daddy."

Grabbing the backs of her legs Mallory's father lifted her knees
up higher and pushed his tongue deeper into her.  Mallory began
playing with her breasts again, squeezing the nipples and
pinching them hard.  Lovingly Mallory's father ate her wet
pussy, licking and slurping between her legs as she rubbed her
heavy tits and kicked her legs in the air.  Suddenly Mallory
felt her orgasm approaching.  Her veins popping out on her neck
she straightened her legs and exhaled loudly,   "Godddddd....." 
Eagerly her father lapped up her womanly juices as they flowed
from her.

Grabbing her around the waist, Mallory's father lifted her from
the chair and carried her to the couch where he sat her down and
kissed her deeply.  Frantically Mallory tugged at her fathers
buttons on his jeans as he stood in front of her.  Quickly
Mallory peeled his jeans apart and pulled his underwear down. 
His large hard cock pressed against his stomach, Mallory grabbed
it in her hand and pulled it toward her.  Suddenly her mouth was
on him and he felt his daughter sliding his length down her
throat.  He admired how beautiful she was with his thick shaft
protruding from her lips.  Slurping loudly, Mallory tugged at
her fathers balls until they came out of his jeans.  Pushing his
cock against his stomach again she began licking his heavy balls.

"Make love to me father," she whispered as she pulled his jeans
down and continued to lick his full sacks.

Taking his jeans off, Mallory's father helped her out of her
dress.  He rubbed his hands all over her body, admiring her
womanliness- every curve.  Mallory's father took her hand and
pulled her up off the couch.  Softly he kissed her as his hands
cupped her bare ass and tugged at them gently.   Slowly he
turned his daughter around and pushed her back down toward the
couch.  Instinctively Mallory's ass shot up as she arched her
back and grabbed the arm of the couch.  Mallory's father grabbed
his thick cock and pushed it between her legs.  Inch by inch he
slid into her tight cunt slowly.  Mallory was crying, "Oh god,
daddy.  It feels so good to have you inside me."

Softly he caressed her ass as he began to slide in and out of
her gripping pussy.  Mallory looked down between her legs and
saw her fathers balls swinging between her legs as he slid in
and out easily.  

"Oh my god," she said as she watched his balls intently.  "I'm
cumming!"

Mallory felt her father increase his pace as he pumped her from
behind.

"I'm cumming, daddy!!!!!" she moaned as she thrashed her head
back and forth and cried tears of joy.  "I'm cumming for you..."

Mallory heard her father grunt just then as he grabbed her
thighs and pushed deep inside her.  She felt the hot splash of
semen on her insides and she spun her head back to meet her
fathers eyes.  "Cum in me daddy!!  Yes, cum in me..."










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....