Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





by:  Big Daddy

Mom's Romantic weekend * (son takes mom out for a wild night to
get revenge on her cheating husband and end up fucking on video
camera)

	Michael's mother looked astounding.  He had told her to dress
up to the nines tonight because she had a special date.  Her
husband had just been caught cheating on her for the 3rd time
and Michael's mother was hot to get revenge.  Michael had
planned this night just for that purpose.

Michael took his mother out to a fancy dinner.  She had asked
who her date was and he told her that he was going to make her
look good tonight.  He treated her like a lady and never as his
mother.  Customers near by noticed how much younger he was than
her, being in his twenties and her in her forties and Michael's
mother had to admit she liked thinking what must be going
through their heads.

It was on the dance floor that Michael surprised her when he
grabbed her ass.

"Michael!"  she gasped.

"Shhh! No one has to know.  Let them think you have a young hot
date."

Blushing, his mother let him continue to grab her ass.  People
were staring and she actually found it quite amusing.

"This just feels so weird," she said once.

"Actually," he added.  "I kind of like it."	

It was then that his mother began to suspect something strange.

"Come on, " he said somewhat loudly so that others could here
him.  "Let's go home and go to bed."

Michael's mother blushed heavily as they left.  In the car she
finally asked.

"What was that all about?"

"What was what all about?"

"This, you're doing.  Dancing with me and grabbing my butt like
your my boyfriend.  And telling others we are going to go to
bed."

"I just wanted you to feel like you were doing something back to
dad."

"This is kinda weird."

"Well, what do you think dad would think if he saw me grabbing
your ass on the dance floor?"

"He'd think you were drunk."

"But would he be jealous?"

She thought a moment, "probably."

"Well, there you have it."

"But he didn't see us dancing so it didn't do anything."

"Actually, I have a video camera at home."

Michael's mother looked quizzically.  "What for?"

"Well, what do you think would make dad really pissed off if he
saw on video tape?"

"I'm sure a lot of things," she said.  "Your not planning
on....you're not going to pretend your in bed with me are you?"

"It's up to you," he added.  "Do you want to make him mad."

"Yes, the bastard!!" she said.  "I want to make him mad."

"Well, do you want to make a tape that will make him mad?"

She looked uncomfortable, "I guess so.  How will we do it?"

"Again, it's up to you, he said, "either we just have me take
off your clothes so that the camera doesn't see me, or I could
position myself with my back to the camera so he doesn't know
who it is..."

"I wish I could just blatantly fuck someone on camera and let
him see that.  That would hurt." she said angrily.

"Well, you can." he said.

"YOU???" she asked shocked.

"Well, it would make him mad wouldn't it?"

	When the camera came on, Michael was laying on the bed, his
pants unbuttoned, his large cock protruding out.  His mother was
naked on the bed, her face down by his dick, her hand jerking
his cock slowly. 

"Hi honey," she said to the camera before she kissed Michael's
large, heavy balls.  "See what I'm doing?"

Michael leaned up so the camera could see him clearly.  

"That's right sweetheart," she said snottily.  "I'm sucking our
son's cock."

Suddenly Michael's mother engulfed his hard cock and began
bobbing her head up and down his shaft.

"Hard to believe, isn't it?" she said as she wiped her spit all
over her chin with his slippery head.   "But you better believe
it.  Our son is going to fuck my brains out and you're going to
watch."

She continued to suck Michael's rock for a long while then she
crawled up on top of him, her back to the camera and made sure
she turned to the lens before saying.

"Watch now,  watch your son's big thick cock go up inside me."

It was only after the head of his cock was in that his mother
began to moan.  By the time it was all the way in, she was
acting like a whore.

"OH god!!!  Yes!  Fuck me!!  Fuck your mother!!!!  Oh shit!! 
Fuck!!! Fuck!!! FUCK!!!"

She was thrashing about and squeezing her breasts hard. "I'm
gonna cum!!!  OH god fucking Jesus, I'm cumming!!!!!!!!"









--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....