Archive-name: 3plus/ron.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Ron


Hmmm, I thought. Wonder if there is anything to that. So I left him a note.

"Ron, what is this couple interested in? What types of things do they  like 
to do. I'm very interested in watching 2 girls get it on."

A few days later, I logged on again, and there was my reply. 

"J.R.,  this couple is into everything. All you have to do is ask. I  think 
we can arrange something, if you want. There is no charge, only expenses if 
you  want  to do something out of the ordinary, like go to  dinner,  and  a 
motel room, or anything like that. Let me know."

Well,  this  went  on for a while. Me asking questions  about  the  fantasy 
couple,  and him answering. It finally came out that he and his  wife  were 
the couple, and they were moving here from Texas. "Sysop got mad at me, and 
said  I couldn't advertise anything for sale, so I had to tell you  it  was 
us."

Great,  I  thought. That makes it  even easier. Hmmm.  Now what  about  The   
Damsel?  We  had talked about her  trying another girl for some  time.  She 
sometimes  said  she  wanted  to,  that she had  thought  about  it  a  lot 
(especially as a kid, for a fantasy, when she would masturbate). And  other 
times,  when we talked, she said that she didn't think she'd be able to  do 
it, but would try if I really wanted her too. Well, I'm not the kind of guy 
who  pushes  anyone into sex when they don't want it. If it's no  good  for 
them, I don't enjoy it. 
 
Then, lucky me! Another Pizza Hut bash! In Maryland, no less. Well, R.  and 
L.  (Doc  and Nursie, as they are called on his board) said they  would  be 
there.  All  I  had to do was convince The Damsel to  go.  Having  nothing 
better to do, and finally getting into BBSing herself, she said sure, she'd 
love to meet these people. 

The night of the party came. Out we went. Got lost, turned down a few wrong 
roads,  but  made it ok. Hey, looked like a pretty good turn  out.  There's 
Tash, in her CFM (Come Fuck Me) boots, and there's Pandora's Box, or is  it 
Betty  Joe?  And hey, it's even Dan Garnitz! And who are these two  at  the 
end?

This  big  guy stood up, towering over me. "Hi," he said in a  deep  voice. 
"I'm The Doc. And this is Nursie." I looked down at "Nursie", and  thought, 
"Hmmmm.  Not bad at all. Nice chest." She said hi, and we went back to  our 
end of the table. TD just sat there most of the night, talking to Uncle Ho. 
I  decided  that she was shy, and tried to get her to come and meet  a  few 
people,  but  she didn't want to. Not wanting to seem snobbish,  I  said  I 
would go over and talk to some people. Went and talked to The Sheriff,  Tin 
Badge's  sysop, and Playfull Bunny, who was dressed in little more  than  a 
pair  of  stretch  pants  and a t-shirt. I tried to keep  my  mind  on  the 
computer games we were talking about, but my eyes kept straying down to her 
jutting  breasts,  which she somehow kept pressed hard  against  her  shirt 
material. I finally had to excuse myself, and go talk to other people. Sure 
was hard walking around, trying not to show the hard-on in my jeans. 

Since  The Damsel had not known that I had talked to Doc, I went  over  to 
them  and  talked quietly about planning something in the near  future.  He 
said, sure, anytime. Boy, Nursie's ass sure looked nice in that black faded 
denim skirt she was wearing. I wondered how it looked under that. Well, the 
party  started  to fade, so we decided to go to the movies. I  wondered  if 
Nursie  was going to sit next to me and grab my cock, but alas, it was  not 
to  be. We sat off in the corner, The Damsel and I, and had a  fairly  fun 
time. Then it was 2 in the morning or so, and we had to get home. Not  bad, 
for a first meeting, I thought to myself. Tash looked pretty good too.

Soon  after that, my board had it's one month anniversary. so I decided  it 
was  time for another Pizza bash. Announced only on my board, since it  was 
for  everyone, and I was sure at least one or two kids would show  up.  Got 
there  half an hour late, and only 4 people had shown up. Doc  and  Nursie, 
Mike, and some guy named Steve that TD had been compu-sexing with. Boy, was 
this  party a bust. Warm beer, slow food, dirty glasses, you name it.  Time 
to get this thing moving, I thought. 

"OK, let's go back to my house and watch some porno's."

So  we  took off, and headed back. "Hmmm....2 girls and 4  guys.  Could  be 
interesting."  I  stuck in Debbie Does Dallas III, since  Nursie  was  from 
there,  and  had  never seen it before. Well, I was  getting  pretty  hard, 
watching  all this cock sucking going on. But, typical, everyone wanted  to 
yak about computer stuff. "Hardware....software died.....just got that  one 
yesterday, etc...."
      
Well,  in Nursie's matchmaker questionnaire, she had said one of  her  best 
attributes was her legs. As I looked at them, she kept hiking her skirt up. 
I  noticed that quite a few more of her buttons were undone, than  were  in 
the restaurant. I HAD to agree, those were great gams. Looked soft  smooth, 
yet filled out and strong. Bet they would feel nice around my ears!

Then  it  was 11, and everyone decided they had better head home.  Doc  and 
Nursie  were  the last to leave, and I had to tell her that she  had  great 
legs.  TD  gave me a dirty look, but didn't say much. "Y'all will  have  to 
come  to  our house next. We've got a nationwide conference going  on  next 
week. Gonna hook up my Apple all over the country."

After  they had left, I asked TD what she thought. "Doc's a real  fun  guy, 
she  said.  His  wife seems ok, too." During the next  week,  she  and  Doc 
chatted  on  his board, and she told me she wanted to go to his  house  for 
this  conference. On the way over there, I found out they had been  talking 
about  blow jobs, and she had told him of her long experience with it,  and 
how  she gave some of the best Deep Throat technique to be found  anywhere. 
Doc had told her that she would have to teach Nursie, since she couldn't do 
it  all the way yet. TD had told him to get some white wine, and she  would 
see what she could do. (The Damsel gets VERY horny when she's drinking.)

When we got to the apartment, we gathered up the x-rated photographs we had 
taken  of each other, and brought them in. (Doc had said he had a video  of 
himself  and  Nursie, and that we would trade.) Doc, as usual,  was  typing 
away at the keyboard, but my mouth almost hit the floor when I saw  Nursie. 
Clad  only in a tight shirt, and a VERY short denim mini-skirt, I  couldn't 
help  but  notice her legs. The drinks were poured, and we sat  around  the 
computer  while Doc explained what was going on. I kept looking at  Nursie, 
who  kept  pulling her skirt up. Then she made the  announcement  that  she 
NEVER wears anything under them. I wondered if it was true now, and figured 
it  must  be, when she pulled her skirt up real high to show  me  her  legs 
again.  Nope,  nothing on. That's strange, it looks flesh  colored.  Wonder 
why?

After  about  2  hours of small talk, the subject finally  turned  to  sex. 
Nursie  brought  out  the Polaroids of them, so we showed  them  the  photo 
album.  Doc  had to look through it twice! I asked for the  chip  dip  from 
Nursie,  who fell back on the couch, with her legs in the air, letting  her 
legs fall open. Damn! If only I had been standing up, it would have been  a 
perfect view. Sure didn't look like her brown hair down there though. I got 
bold and asked her why. She told me she had finally decided to shave it. 

After telling us about how much she loved leather and bondage, I told her I 
wanted to see her toys. She took me in the bedroom, and got out the largest 
butt  plug  I  have seen in my life! "NOT ME," I said. She  showed  me  her 
cuffs, and straps, and leashes, and about 3 different size vibrators. I was 
stunned. These people were hornier than I was! (Nah, couldn't be!)

"Well,  you've been hinting at that pussy all night. When do I get  a  good 
view of it?"

"Oh,"  she said. "You want to see it now? Here, look." And she  pulled  her 
skirt up over her ass, showing me a freshly shaved pink cunt. Good thing  I 
liked  keeping  my dick, or I would have grabbed that thing  in  a  second. 
Looked  good enough to eat, so to speak. Then she turned around and  showed 
me  her ass. Yep, nice there too. I called TD in to look at the  toys.  She 
seemed  to be interested, but really got turned on by looking  through  the 
S&M and B&D catalogs Nursie had. (She told me later she was afraid I  would 
be in bed with Nursie, and wanted her to walk in on us and join in. Too bad 
I didn't think of that!)

Well,  time was getting late, and it was time to go. So I picked  up  Doc's 
video, and we were ready to go. I whispered in his ear. "You gotta ask have 
Nursie ask her for the lessons." He did just that.

Nursie  spoke  up.  "So, TD, when are you going to teach  me  how  to  deep 
throat." The wine seemed to have done it's work. "Right now, if you  want," 
was the reply. I couldn't believe it! Alright, I thought, this is it.

Doc wanted to watch, but I wouldn't stand for it. "No way. If it's done  to 
me,  it's done to you. Get over here." We both lay on the floor,  with  our 
backs  to the couch. TD undid my belt, and Nursie followed suit.  Next  the 
underwear came down, and the cocks sprang out. Out of curiousity, I  looked 
over  at Doc's. Nursie already had both hands on it, and was sucking  away. 
Damn,  it's  huge, I thought to myself.  I told Nursie  to  watch,  as  The 
Damsel plunged her mouth down to my balls. I groaned. She flicked her tongue 
over it, and went back down. Up and down, in and out. God, it was great.  I 
turned and saw Doc watching us too, while Nursie slavered away on his dick. 
I said, "Well? I don't hear any coaching? OW! Don't bite!" Should have kept 
my mouth shut.

This  went  on for a few minutes, then TD said she couldn't get  the  right 
angle.  So  we moved up and sat on the couch, with the  girls  between  our 
legs.  We  couldn't have been more than 2 feet apart. I  was  enjoying  the 
double show. Nursie had Doc's cock all the way down, so I don't see why she 
said  she couldn't do it. Then she pulled her head up and said, "Well,  how 
about  if we switch? How am I supposed to know if I am doing it  right?"  I 
told  myself this was a great idea, but TD and I had already  talked  about 
it.  We  decided we wouldn't switch. But god, her mouth made me so  hot,  I 
told  her  it was up to her. She just continued sucking away. I  looked  at 
Nursie with an "Oh well" look, and leaned back to enjoy myself. 

Then  I  got an idea. I pulled TD up, and kissed her long and hard  on  the 
mouth.  Nothing.  So  a few minutes later, I pulled her off  my  cock,  and 
kissed  her again. Damn, if only Nursie would get the idea. Come  over  her 
and  suck  on  it while I have TD busy. But it wasn't to  happen.  Then  my 
joking  around  (I always open my mouth too much when I'm nervous)  got  to 
Doc,  and he started pulling up his pants. We decided that I was  still  in 
the  wrong  position, and would show Nursie how to do  the  Sword-swallower 
routine.  TD  went over and lay on her back on the bed-couch,  letting  her 
head hang down towards the floor. I walked over, and bent my legs,  pushing 
my  cock forward into her mouth. Having her head hang down made her  throat 
exactly straight, and I could push in as far as I wanted. I could feel  her 
trying to get my balls in, too. Nursie had lain down next to us, getting  a 
real close view of the sucking. I noticed she had pulled her skirt up,  and 
her cunt was about a foot and a half away from my face. I looked down,  and 
saw  TD's  cunt  in front of me. She still had all her  clothes  on,  so  I 
started to rub her pussy from the outside. I could feel the cum building in 
my  shaft, so I started pumping her mouth faster. Then I heard Doc pick  up 
my  belt. I craned my head around, and saw him folding it in half. "Uh  oh. 
He's going to whip me," I thought. "Unh-uh! Not me, you don't!" 

"What? I was only picking it up, to move it out of the way."

"Uh-huh. SURE you were. TD and Nursie may like S&M, but not me."

TD  was  sucking harder on my cock, so I returned to rubbing her  pussy.  I 
looked  over at Nursie and gave her what I thought was a signal.  She  just 
looked  at me. I looked at her, then at TD's cunt, then back at her.  Still 
nothing. So I took her hand, and replaced mine with it. She started rubbing 
TD's cunt, not inches from my face. Then TD's nails stuck into me. She KNEW 
what  was  going on, that it wasn't my hand. But I didn't care.  It  looked 
great. Watching another woman rub her cunt, and her deep throating my cock, 
it was more than I could stand. I started cumming, and moaning. I felt  the 
hot  spurts shoot out my shaft, and down into her sucking, milking  throat. 
She  was  draining  it dry, and still Nursie was rubbing her.  ONly  now  I 
didn't see it. Everything was a haze. 

After  slipping my still hard cock out of her mouth, I stood up and  helped 
her get to her feet. "Well?" she asked Nursie? "Did you learn anything?"

--
