Archive-name: Changes/ronnie.txt
Archive-author: Ronnie
Archive-title: Adventures of Ronnie Hammer, The


       When i was 17, fresh out of high school, with the whole summer 
ahead of me before classes started at college, i really didn't know 
where to go; my parents were traveling west for 2 months, and it 
seemed weird around my house.  You see, my two older sisters were 
married off within a year of each other, and that left me, the 
"baby", all alone for practically the entire summer.  Well, i decided 
to enter school early to get a head start on some credit hours.  Most 
people weren't at school over the summer, so i was offered a double 
dorm room for myself at the single rate, and immediately accepted, 
knowing full well that my collection of girl's & women's clothing 
that i'd been so discrete with at home would be free to enjoy in my 
own private room, and would thus grow in size, as i acquired new 
items.
        i had been dressing in one capacity or another since 5th 
grade; i was caught on occasion with my mother's or my sisters 
panties hidden in my drawers (*wink*).  Mom wanted to send me to see 
a psychiatrist to straighten out my "problem", but i had her 
convinced that i no longer dressed by the time i was 16.  Little did 
my family know that i had amassed a small collection of panties & 
slips in the crawl space under our house, items which belonged to my 
mother and my sisters which i cherished dearly.
        As i unpacked the suitcases in my new found privacy, i 
carefully folded each pair of panties and placed them neatly in the 
top drawer of my dresser.  my collection contained nearly a dozen 
pairs, all belonging to family members.  Also in my collection was a 
sweater and a very short skirt which belonged to Cindy.  Cindy was 
captain of the cheerleading squad at my high school, and a year older 
than myself.  Folding up the short red wool skirt with black & white 
pleats (my school colors) the warmth in my groin grew as i thought of 
the days in high school as a junior, playing trombone in the marching 
band.  i looked forward to each Saturday in the fall as the band 
would march from the gymnasium to the stadium, preceded by the 
cheerleaders.  As a trombonist, i was in the first row, right behind 
Cindy.  i could barely play the notes as i was constantly thinking of 
how i could achieve a better look of Cindy's fleshy, round, but firm 
thighs under that skirt.  Just as much, i had to have that skirt.  i 
had vivid fantasies of being part of Cindy's squad, as a "cheerleader 
in training". Cindy was semi-buxom, with a large round bottom that 
flared from her waist like a lovely black widow's abdomen, and nicely 
shaped breasts which stood up like two lovely friends standing at 
attention and pressing tightly in her cheerleading sweater.  Along 
with her vivacious, flirty personality, Cindy was easy to imagine as 
a dominant figure in my fantasies, teaching me the fine art of 
femininity, even though she was but 5 foot 4. Cindy's best friend was 
named Buffy.  Buffy was on the squad, too, but no one knew how she 
got there: Buffy, too, was about 5' 4'', but she had to weigh about 
170 lbs, whereas Cindy was about a pleasantly buxom 140.   Everyone 
made fun of Buffy, and rumors flew about Buffy having to literally 
kiss Cindy's ass to get on the squad.  You know how those rumors 
fly...
    Anyway, i knew Cindy was graduating my senior year and going to 
college, and i  had to have something to remember her by -- i HAD to 
have that cheerleading outfit!
        i carefully swiped the darling sweater and wool skirt after a 
pep rally one evening in the band's storage room with no one looking. 
 A scandal ensued about the missing outfit, but it was soon replaced 
with a brand new one. 


       Cindy was very angry - i remember her anger, and i felt sorry for 
her.  i wanted to tell Her that i just wanted to wear it once and then 
return it, but of course that was not possible; it was now my outfit.  i 
realized through her anger also, that she is a very dominant girl who 
gets VERY upset when things aren't going her way.
        Anyway, this became my favorite item of clothing, and i wore it 
whenever i had a chance, even staying home "sick" from school during my 
senior year to have a dressing fest, complete with rented videotapes of 
she-males being dominated by mistresses.  i would get up on my bed in
my mothers pink satin briefs and Cindy's outfit and jump off in front of 
the mirror, just to see my skirt blow up, revealing the feminizing 
panties covering my naughty male anatomy.  i would even practice cheers 
in front of the mirror, wishing someone was around to coach me...
Even though i am 5'11'', and 180 lbs, the outfit seemed to fit just fine 
when i had occasion to try it on.
        "Those days are over," i thought to myself as i neatly tucked 
the cheerleading outfit away.  No longer would i have to hide my 
clothing and play sick from school to enjoy my femininity.  I felt free. 
Only one pair of mens underwear accompanied me to college (to wear on 
trips home, where i had other mens underwear).  The rest of my 
undergarments were from my collection, and i left that one mens pair
in a suitcase in the dorm's locked storage room which i could only 
access on Mondays.  Today was Tuesday.  i quivered as i chose my 
favorite pair of pink satin briefs with white lace trim around the legs, 
to wear under my jeans, then proceeded to head for dinner downstairs in 
the dorm cafeteria.  It was a hot June day, and moving into my new room 
had worn me out.  i was about to experience my first taste of dorm food 
... baked scrod or chipped beef ... your choice... i chose the fish and 
shimmied into my chair at the cafeteria table, feeling the friction of 
the pink satin against my pantied ass.  
        By incredible coincidence, Cindy walked in.  i hadn't seen her
in over a year, and i didn't even know we were going to the same 
college!   Would she even remember me?  We sat near each other in 
orchestra (she's a trumpeter), and were at the same parties, but only 
knew each other colloquially.  i couldn't help from staring.  Her skin 
was the same beautiful smooth peachy color.  Her long, flowing, brown 
hair was now in the softest of curls with a pink satin bow which matched 
her pink sweatshirt and pink sweatpants.  Her brown eyes had just enough 
mascara, eye liner, and shadow to give her a somewhat girlish, but 
somewhat flirtatious look.  i wanted to stop staring, but i couldn't. 
Those hips flared from her waist and filled the back of her sweatpants 
so beautifully...  
        i was alone at my table, as school didn't start for another 
week, and besides, most people weren't at college over the summer.  Then 
She came out from the serving line behind me and tapped me on the 
shoulder from  behind.  
        "Aren't you ronnie hammer, from the band?"
        i jumped around, as i was so engrossed in fantasy, that i didn't 
realize She was coming up behind me.  "Yes," i stammered, and asked if 
She'd like to sit with me.
       "Well, I always sit with Buffy, but you can join us if you'd 
like."
        There was Buffy, across the room.  i didn't notice her when i 
came in.  She had chosen both fish AND chipped beef.  She redefined the 
freshman 5 into the freshman 15 ... she had been a growing Girl.  i sat 
next to her anyway, so i could sit across from Cindy's brown eyes and 
her two pert friends...


      As the conversation went on, i learned that the Girls did not 
live in my dorm, but in an apartment across the street.  They both had 
dinner contracts at my dorm because they didn't enjoy cooking, even 
though they had a kitchenette.  They joked about hiring a maid for the 
summer to cook for them and clean up after their parties.  Boy, were 
they playing mind games on me without even realizing it!  i would die 
to be Cindy's housemaid, cooking her meals, washing her delicate 
clothing...
        i think Buffy might have been paying extra for Her meal 
contract; Her thighs were quite muscular, though, i noticed.  She was 
not flabby, but firm, as i saw looking down next to me at Her thighs 
below Her white pleated circle/mini skirt.  Her hair was blond, and 
Her eyes were the lightest of blues.  The white t-shirt She wore clung 
tightly against Her large, breasts, and the outline of lace on a pink 
bra could be made out at such close range.  Buffy looked very feminine 
in a funny sort of way, with a liberal application of blusher and 
mascara.
       The conversation had ceased momentarily, so without even 
thinking, i said, "You look very nice today, Buffy."  And She did, 
too.  There was something very attractive about Her.  Buffy stopped 
eating long enough to thank me for being kind, and She said, "Well, 
BOTH of you look great today."  "I did Cindy's hair today, ronnie, 
what do you think of it?"
        "You have gorgeous hair Cindy, and You did a great job, 
Buffy!" i said, and noticed Buffy winking Cindy's way out of the 
corner of my eye. i couldn't believe the girl whose skirt i was 
wearing only days ago was sitting across the table from me.
       Dinner ended all too soon, and Cindy and Buffy got up.  i 
followed suit, and bumped Buffy's tray, sending a fork careening 
across the floor.  Buffy chased it, and as she did in her floppy 
miniskirt, bent over, i could make out the outline of some pretty pink 
panties ... probably to match her bra ... What if She saw my panties? 
... What would She think?.... i wondered...
        "ronnie, would you be a dear, and help us carry some things 
back to our apartment?" Cindy coyly asked, and of course i agreed.  
Buffy had a big brown box next to Her, addressed to Her, and i figured 
that was what i was going to carry.  After our trays were deposited, 
Buffy picked up
the box.  i said i should be carrying that, but She said it was 
something important and She'd rather be carrying it.  i soon realized, 
walking with the two Girls, that we were headed for the dorm's laundry 
room, where Cindy & Buffy were doing their weekly laundry.
       "I had to pick up this box at the post office.  Could you carry 
my laundry up to our place for me?" Buffy asked.  i said i would and 
watched the two Girls load Their baskets from the dryers.  i've always 
wanted to candidly view Cindy's clothing collection, and here i was: 
watching Her gingerly remove Her delicate clothing from the dorm 
dryer. Cindy pulled out a pair of black satin bikinis out, held them 
out and giggled, "do you remember THESE, Buffy?"  They both looked at 
me and turned away, giggling.  After They filled their baskets, Buffy 
handed me hers, which included some of the most exquisite lingerie 
i've ever laid eyes upon, let alone my hands.  The clothing had the 
lightest scent of perfumed fabric softener, wafting through my 
sinuses, and causing my once flaccid cock to harden within its satin 
confines.  The sight of Buffy's garter belt in the basket made the 
butterflies in my stomach flutter, and seeing her brightest yellow 
panties laying on top made my vision blur. Buffy asked, "Wait!  
Where's our outfits?"  Cindy reached in the dryer, placed two 
cheerleader's outfits, just like mine, into the basket i was holding
and said, "We still practice our cheers, now and then, ronnie."  And then 
She winked at me.  Cindy winked at me!!!  i dropped the basket, and Buffy's 
yellow panties dropped to the floor.  They giggled as i delicately replaced 
them upon the pile and picked up the basket.  Going up the stairs to the 
main entrance of the dorm, i followed the Girls, seeing those lovely pink 
panties peeking from under Buffy's mini, lovingly embracing Her large, but 
rounded ass cheeks, as if pulling them out toward me.  i also noticed the 
darkness of some deep colored panties under Cindy's pink sweats.  This, in 
addition to my cock rubbing against my own satin briefs with each step of 
the stairs, made me stop a moment.  "Too heavy
for you?" Cindy beckoned.  It was too much to handle, in any event.
       We finally arrived at Their apartment, which was very homey, but not 
too tidy.  Buffy went into the kitchen to find a few cold ones for the 
three of us.  Then i realized i had to pee.  i quietly asked Cindy where 
the little boy's room was, and She replied, "All We have here is a little 
girls room, but We'll let you use it anyway.  Around the corner on the 
right."  Well around the corner on the right was the pink bathroom, but i 
couldn't help noticing around the corner on the left was the lone bedroom 
in the place -- with one large canopy bed with 4 huge posts rising up to 
the ceiling, and pink and white trim around the bottom.  i relieved myself 
in the pretty pink bathroom, and noticed the array of beautiful panties 
hanging upon the curtain rod, both in Cindy's and Buffy's sizes.  i
pulled my own panties back up, but not my pants, and pulled down a smooth 
white pair of briefs which were Cindy's and a large red pair of bikinis 
which belonged to Buffy.  i placed the crotch of Buffy's to my nose and 
smelled the sweetness of Her young Womanhood.  Cindy's were just as sweet. 
My cock grew larger, and i lightly touched it. it grew some more.
      i tucked these two pairs into my own panties, pulled up my pants and 
opened the door to see Cindy crouched in front of the door, picking up a 
pen. "Dropped a pen...," Cindy muttered and stood up.  i noticed the door 
had a wide keyhole -- wide enough to see everything that just happened, IF 
She was watching.
      Was She watching?  i couldn't tell at first.  Buffy brought out 3 
cold beers and we all sucked them down furiously.  it must have been 95 
outside, and the humidity was unbearable.  The Girls went back to get
a second round for us and returned giggling.  Buffy proudly declared that 
She MUST make a trip to the little GIRL's room, with emphasis on GIRLS!
i was reasonably sure i was in trouble, so i told Cindy it was about time i 
left.  Before i reached the door, Buffy came running in screaming, "Who's 
got My FAVORITE pair of red panties?!"  They both turned toward me and
i blushed my little heart out.  i was caught red handed (or red pantied,
so to speak), and i just stood there, quivering and red.
        "Give them to me, ronnie!" Buffy cried like a little girl.  i
shook violently as i removed them from my jeans and placed them delicately 
in Her hands.
        "Isn't there another pair down there, ronnie, dear?" Cindy slyly 
slurred.  "i've been totally humiliated," i stammered as i handed Cindy's 
white satin briefs with pink floral appliques at the legs back to Her.
My little undeserving dick grew as they continued to glare at me.  "I think 
We have a little panty thief here, Buffy," Cindy proclaimed proudly.  "I 
know you have one last pair down there.  Buffy and I want to see them!"
        They folded Their arms across their chests as i lowered my jeans in 
front of Them.  "My, my, sissy, where did you ever come across these lovely 
sissy pink panties?" Cindy asked.
      i told them they were my mother's.  "Does she dress you like that, or 
do you do that all on your sissy own?" Buffy giggled.
        "my mother doesn't know i wear her panties..."
       My cock was rock hard and straining against the pink fabric.
"Only little girls wear sissy pink panties like those!  Do you want 
to be a little girl like Buffy?  Show ronnie, Buffy."  With that, 
Buffy giggled, turned around and flipped up Her skirt, but for a 
moment, showing us all Her huge, but somehow attractive ass covered 
in pink.
        "No, i want to be a guy..."
        Cindy stated, "you're not doing a very good job at it in 
those panties!  I bet you'd make a sweet little girl.  Buffy's been 
MY little girl for a few years now, and I think She'd like a 
playmate.  Would You like to have ronnie for a playmate, Buffy, 
Sweet?"
        Buffy nodded, and i started to quiver, standing with my jeans 
around my ankles and pink panties encasing my naughty dick.
        "Buffy, please bring something more appropriate for ronnie."
        Buffy scampered away, the floorboards creaking, and quickly 
returned with a pair of oversized pink rhumba panties with strips of 
white lace sewn across the back.  Buffy then, ever so gently, removed 
my mothers pink panties from me and replaced them with the rhumba 
panties, and lovingly kissed my posterior, once.  i didn't put up a 
fight.  They knew i was enjoying this, and Buffy took my mother's 
panties back to the bedroom.
        "she's so cute, Buffy.  We'll have to dress her in some more 
of Your clothes soon ... the special clothes..." Cindy continued, 
"I'll bet she was responsible for My cheerleading outfit disappearing 
two years ago..."
       Guilt was written all over my face in the form of a blush.  i 
stood there in my mother's panties, in front of Buffy&Cindy, 
quivering more than ever.  my silence was my guilty plea.
        "Do you still have it?"
         i nodded, tears streaming down my cheeks.
        "Good.  I want you back here tomorrow at 5 PM, sharp, wearing 
the outfit you stole!  That cost Me forty dollars to replace!!!  The 
least I could get is to see you in it!  Now put your little clit back 
in your pants and go home, sissy girl.  Be here if you don't want 
your mom to get her panties back in the mail from Us ... We have the 
evidence!"
        That they did, i realized, as i pulled my jeans back over my
sissy rhumba panties and cowered out the door.
        As i walked down the stairs from Cindy's apartment,  She 
said, "Make sure you get registered for classes tomorrow, and be 
ready for a lengthy stay!"
       Registration was tomorrow, and i had no commitments other than 
that until next Monday when  classes started ... and today was 
Tuesday!!!  The last thing i could hear from Them was a chorus of 
giggling which seemed to reverberate all the way back to my dorm room.
       Back in my room, i tried to gather my senses; i couldn't.   i 
realized i had no options.  Cindy & Buffy had my mothers panties, and 
were prepared to incriminate me, unless i was at Their apartment, in 
a cheerleaders outfit, in the MIDDLE OF THE AFTERNOON!!!  What if i 
came there in my jeans?  i couldn't; They had me against the wall, 
and They knew it.
        i opened my panty drawer in my new room and looked at the 
things which got me in so much trouble: my sister's & mother's 
panties lying there in such an array of rainbow colors and coated 
with perfume, lace and ribbon.  But then i saw the cheerleading 
outfit.  i remembered
Cindy, Her lovely body, Her dominant personality, Her grin and giggle 
as i stood before Her in Buffy's sissy pink rhumba panties...
        Oh, how i loved Cindy.  i remembered the moment i stole Her 
outfit, how i longed to see myself in those dear garments.  It was 
all happening to me, my fantasies coming real, but i was scared.  i 
cried myself to sleep, and the mixed emotions of fear and 
anticipation for
the next day stirred the essence of my dreams.
        i woke in simple white satin briefs.  i was so scared and 
thoroughly embarrassed in front of the Girls that i wanted to sleep 
in men's undies again, but i had none, and it was too late last night 
to go shopping.  i thought the simple panties would help me feel less 
excited as i slept, but the feel of satin against the "clit" which 
Cindy & Buffy taunted yesterday was the victor, and i soon realized i 
had a wet dream in my white panties, leaving a yellowish stain 
running down the smooth, silky fabric.  Droplets of cum clung to my 
leg, and i sat and cried again.  Registration started at 10 AM and it 
was 9:30.  No time to buy any mens underwear... i had to be on 
time...  i wiped my tears, showered quickly, put on Buffy's rhumba 
panties again (did She want them back?  i didn't want to do anything 
wrong ... They were in control...) and dressed.
      Registration, involving running back & forth to & from all the 
departments i had classes with, took me all day.  It was 4 PM and i 
had to be dressed and ready for the Girls at 5.  i stood in my last 
line at the administration building, and i heard a voice whisper, 
"Hurry, sissy..." By the time i realized what happened, i saw Cindy 
walking away, Buffy scampering behind.  i never saw Cindy's radiant 
face, but Buffy turned Her head, gave me the sliest grin, and smacked 
Her lips my way.
        All i could see was Cindy from the back, in a rainbow striped 
fluttery blouse, a black floppy mini which accentuated Her hips, and 
the seams up the backs of Her panty hose (or were they stockings ... 
oh, i wanted a peek...).  Buffy's  long blond hair billowed over Her 
wide shoulders encased in Pink.  She was all Pink.  Pink blouse, Pink 
Reeboks, and sheer Pink knee hi's under the tightest of Pink spandex 
pants which shimmered in the bright light.  Her buxom ass was 
separated into two beautiful halves by the tight crotch...
       i got back to my room at 4:50, threw on Cindy's cheerleader 
outfit over Buffy's pink rhumba panties, and looked at myself in the 
floor length mirror on the back of my door.  i looked silly, and i 
cried because this outfit, which once was my source of pleasure, was 
now my downfall.  i looked like a big sissy.
        Oh, my God!  2 minutes to go, and HOW am i going to get 
across street to Cindy's?!  i did the only thing i could;  i threw on 
my winter parka which barely covered the bottom of my skirt and 
hastened for the exit.  i ran half way across the street and realized 
that running made my skirt clearly visible.  i saw two other girls 
walking down the street, giggling.  Did they see me?  i saw nothing 
through Cindy's window.  The shades were pulled.  i walked the rest 
of the way across and got inside the apartment, in my parka.  It was 
95.  The heat wave hadn't let up.
      i walked up the stairs to the 2nd floor where Cindy was.  i got to 
the top and saw two little Catholic school girls about 12 or 13 go into
the apartment across the hall.  They were behind me on the stairs!!!  They 
looked at me and giggled loudly as they went in their room.  Were they 
laughing at my parka in this weather?  i doubt it.  If they looked up, they 
would surely have seen the white lace on my pink rhumba panties under my 
parka and skirt.  i knocked and blushed beet red.
        There They were.  Buffy & Cindy stood before me at the door, in 
cheerleading outfits which matched the one i'd concealed.
        "Get in here, sissy girl!", Cindy demanded, "and take that parka 
off!  You are 3 minutes late for cheerleader practice!" "Take ronnie's 
coat, Buffy, and bring her some new shoes!"
        Buffy was gone several minutes.  Cindy slowly sauntered around
my sissy self.  When She reached my posterior, She put an arm around
my waist and pushed my torso forward.  i bent.  She laughed girlishly when 
She saw Buffy's panties on my ass, and then straightened me up.
        She squeezed my cheeks and said, "you make a VERY cute sissy 
cheerleader, and if you are a good girl, I'll let you join My squad. 
Wouldn't you like that, my sissy ronnie girl?"
        "Y-Y-Y-es...", i muttered through a wall of embarrassment.
        "Good ... Oh, Buffy, those are divine!!!  ronnie needs a fitting 
right away!!!"
       Buffy held out a pair of white and black saddle shoes, and a pair of 
white ankle socks with the most delicate lace at the top.
        "Sit, sissy!!!", Cindy commanded.  i did so, and Buffy removed my 
old sneakers, and gently completed my footwear.  i remembered that the 
Catholic schoolgirls i'd seen moments ago were wearing the same, and my 
sissy clit grew, as Buffy looked up my short, pleated skirt.  The shoes fit 
fine, but just tight enough to feel confined.
        Cheerleader practice began with kicks and yells.  i was to face 
both Girls as i yelled for them, "my name's sissy ronnie -- one, two, three 
-- i wear sissy panties -- look at me!" and with "me", i was to turn 
around, bend over, and properly expose my lacy rhumba panties to the 
giggling girls.  i did this several times until the Buffy insisted that She 
wanted to see me play with my sissy clit, which was now rock hard in my 
panties.  i pulled it through the leg band of the pink satin confines and 
began to stroke.  
        "Cheer, sissy!  Like We taught you!!!" yelled Buffy, and i sang my 
cheer louder and louder in a sissy sing-song voice for them until i soiled 
Buffy's panties in the most wonderful orgasm i ever experienced. i laid 
there for awhile, and then heard a click
        *CLICK*!!!
        Buffy ran back to the bedroom with a videotape of my entire 
cheerleading performance.  i ran after Her, tripped on the laces of
my saddle shoes, and fell flat on my sissy face, crying.
       "What's the matter, sissy girl?" Cindy taunted, "Wasn't that fun?  
We're going to have Sooooo much more fun, too!"  She looked slier than 
ever.  Buffy came back with a wide smile on Her pudgy face. "The tape, and 
your parka too, are safely locked away in Cindy's trunk,
sissy ronnie.   I think you'll be staying with Us for a while, because only 
Cindy has the combination, and you have to earn it from Her!!!"
       i looked at Cindy's beautiful face. "That's right, little girl," 
Cindy teased.
        "i'm so embarrassed, i could cry!" i whimpered.
        "Not as embarrassed as when you see your wardrobe for the week, 
sissy ronnie," Cindy said.  She was enjoying my new name.  "Buffy, show 
ronnie her new things..."
        Buffy waited until i tied my saddle shoes up again, and lead me 
by the hand into the bedroom.  There were two closets.  One for Cindy, 
filled with black, red, and deep purple skirts and blouses (no pants). 
Buffy's was filled with oversized pink, white, yellow, and baby blue 
party dresses, with puffy sleeves, tight bodices, and flaring skirts. 
Also in there were numerous petticoats, of heavily layered satin and 
crinoline, and a huge hoop dress with a plunging neckline, like Scarlet 
O'Hara would wear, only puffier!  Buffy pointed at Her closet, "we share 
this one, ronnie."
        i noticed the antique dresser, in white, with added padlocks on 
all the shelves but the top.  Buffy opened the top drawer,"we share 
these, too."  And inside were the loveliest pink, white, and bright 
yellow panties, just like i was wearing, plus training bras,tights, and 
darling ankle socks.  my mouth gaped open with pleasure and fear.  i 
felt so sissified, that i quivered in my ankle socks.  The box that 
Buffy was carrying the day before was on top of the dresser.  i  
wondered what could be so special...
        "Mistress Cindy likes you, sissy ronnie.  you should be 
thankful," Buffy whispered into my ear.  Cindy stepped into the room.
        "Behave yourselves, girls, We have a long week ahead of us, and 
it's just begun!"  There we all were, three girls after our cheerleading 
practice.  Cindy had me sit between Buffy and Herself as She sweetly 
explained the terms of this week.  i was to be trained as a Girl, how to 
dress like a Girl, talk like a Girl, walk like a Girl, eat like a Girl 
... not a Woman..., a Girl.  i had little choice in the matter, as  They 
possessed a video tape of my performance as a cheerleader, and were 
happy to distribute copies to whomever They saw fit, including my 
mother, who was to receive a copy, wrapped in the pink panties of hers i 
had worn the day before, if i was not a satisfactory Girl.  There was 
not even an acceptable scrap of clothing or towel to make a mad dash 
home in; that was all safely locked away.  Of course, that mad dash 
would certainly lead to wide distribution of the tape, as well.  i felt 
like a naughty sissy in my soiled, pink rhumba panties, and incredibly 
helpless with no way out, other than pleasing BOTH Cindy and Buffy, 
physically, mentally, emotionally, and of course ... sexually (but that 
was still a way off).  Yet somehow i felt very secure and loved as a 
cheerleader, between these two cheerleaders.  We sat there for some 
time, Their arms around myself and Each Other.  i nuzzled Cindy's 
delicate Breast with my nose. "Welcome to The Squad, sissy ronnie," said 
Cindy.
        Buffy hugged me, Her Breasts lovingly caressing my sissyness
with warmth.  i belonged.
      We three Girls held each other for about a half hour, my sissy
cum drying a stain into my pink rhumba panties and forming a thin crust 
upon my leg.  i felt so warm and loved, yet knowing that Cindy was 
completely in charge of my training.  There were no two ways about it:
    i was to be Cindy's little girl until Sunday.  Little did i know 
that this would become such an important part of my life.
        Cindy's lavish pink bathroom contained a large, heart-shaped 
bathtub.  Cindy requested that Buffy, my new Sister, and i were to take 
a refreshing, perfumed bubble bath together.  Cindy, though 8 inches 
shorter than myself, was in control, and She knew it.  
        Buffy put Her finger to her lips once we were in the bathroom.  
"Shhhh, sissy ronnie, don't say a word," cooed Buffy, and she lowered my 
skirt, noticing the cum stains on her rhumba panties.  "We'll have to 
get you a fresh change of panties dear, but Cindy might have to punish 
you for being such a naughty girl and soiling your pretty pink 
panties..."
        She eventually had me stark naked.  i quivered, and Buffy said, 
"Be a dear and draw our bath, sissy."
        i filled the tub with warm, bubbly water, scented with delicate 
lavender and lilac and proceeded to help my plump Sister out of Her 
cheerleaders outfit.  She had on panties just like mine!  i wanted to 
kiss Her lace-covered Ass, but She motioned no, and i heeded Her. She 
was so beautiful.  Her body was large and round, but not a sign of 
flabby skin or "thunder thighs" could be found.  Her body was like a 
dreamy Cloud which i wished to ride.  But 5 foot 4, She was Love itself. 
 i loved my Sister.  i wanted to be like Her, to be so gentle, to love 
Cindy as She must...  When i saw She had but the shortest sprouts of 
baby-fine blond hair near Her Vagina, like a darling little girl,
       She smiled at me, softly.  Without a word, we stepped into the 
tub hand in hand as Sisters.
        We each had a big, pink, heart-shaped sponge.  Bathing each 
other was a delight in itself.  Never had i really been able to enjoy a 
naked girl before then; clothing always had to be involved to gain a 
great deal of arousal, but this was different.  Buffy KNEW i was Cindy's 
sissy girl, and She treated me as such.  We sponged each other, 
everywhere, but in a non-sexual way.  Of course, my penis rose when She 
washed the naughty cum from my thighs and crotch, but Buffy just smiled 
and continued... "you'll learn, soon, dear," Buffy whispered.  i did, 
and i lovingly caressed Her thighs with the sponge, washed between Her 
toes, and made sure those soft, blond hairs (the only hair on Her aside 
from Her head) were clean.  i knew there was a great deal of training to 
endure; to attempt to approach Her in a lustful way now would have been 
"improper", and Buffy made this clear to me in a loving, Sisterly way.  
She cradled me in Her Bosom for 20 minutes..."i love You..." i 
whispered, and She held me tighter.
        Buffy & i finally got out of the tub, "smelling as proper girls 
should," She said.  i was to be properly sissified next, and Buffy led 
me by the hand into the bedroom where Cindy was waiting, in White.  
White waist cincher.  White push-up bra.  White garter straps delicately 
descending from Her waist cincher over her wide, flaring hips and 
attached to White seamed stockings.  White pumps.  White lace fingerless 
gloves. Her face was redone, Her mascara perfectly accentuating Her 
eyelashes and deep brown eye shadow to let both us girls know that She 
meant business.
        Oh, and Cindy's Panties ... i had tried to lift them the day 
before, and there they were, encasing Her broad, flaring Hips ... they 
weren't bikinis ... these briefs, with the delicate rosebuds above Her 
Thighs were gorgeous.  The thigh was cut high on these, but i still saw 
no tan line. Cindy straightened out Her Panties as She stood and the 
garter straps gently ran over the smooth satin of Them as She did so.
        "You look delightful, Buffy," and Cindy squeezed Her into Her 
Own Bosom, "but you, sissy ronnie, you smell sweet, but look SO un-sissy 
like!"  my clit was standing straight out as i stood naked, trembling 
from the air around me after my bubble bath.  "We'll have to transform 
you into a proper playmate for Buffy ..." She added.  Buffy handed Cindy 
my soiled rhumba panties and proceeded to dress Herself in a White Baby 
Doll, with puffy sleeves, and a skirt which, with its numerous frilly 
underskirts, stood out from Her wide Hips,  barely revealing the white 
satin panties which cupped Her big, beautiful Ass cheeks from below.  
Cindy looked very stern as She ran Her Fingers across the satin, feeling 
my naughty cum stain  Cindy glared at me, grabbed my clit (for the first 
time ever) and twisted as she warned me never to soil my panties again.  i 
apologized to Cindy, but She remained upset.  "you need much training, 
sissy..." She sighed, as She shook Her Head at my naughty clit.
       We three Girls stepped into the pink bathroom, and Cindy motioned 
for me to sit on the toilet seat as Buffy pulled numerous items from the 
white cabinets:  Nair, Bikini Bare, a Straight Razor, Eau Fresh Perfume, a 
makeup kit, and other various instruments of Feminization.  i objected 
fiercely, but to no avail, for "Cindy's videotape of little sissy girl 
ronnie hammer, soiling her rhumba panties at cheerleader practice was 
obviously far too incriminating,"  Buffy giggled. Buffy proceeded to cover 
my legs liberally with Nair,  but didn't stop there.  my chest and arms 
were next.  my legs were to be raised as the Nair was applied to the backs 
of my thighs.  Buffy helped me hold my legs up for what seemed the longest 
time.  i felt so strange and helpless as i felt the foam dissolving my 
manly hair, tingling as it worked.
        "Into the shower, sissy!" Cindy commanded and Buffy pushed my 
foam-laden body into the stall.  Cindy was very impatient, and i had to 
rinse the hair off my naked body quickly.
        As i stepped out, hairless besides my head and pubic area, Buffy 
snickered as She held back what would have been a very loud giggle.  i was 
commanded to lie prone on the floor next. with my arms out on the big pink 
rug on the bathroom floor.  Cindy stood on my hairless arms, Her Heels on 
one side of my arms, Her Toes on the other so that i was trapped by Her as 
She faced my sissy clit.  All i could see was the Crotch of Her Panties as 
She oversaw a process i was unable to see.  i felt my pubic hairs being 
cut, as Buffy worked gingerly around my clitoris.  i strained as much as i 
could, and Cindy shouted, "Careful, sissy!  She's got a straight razor!  
We wouldn't want to see your sissy clit cut off now, or would We?!"  Both
Girls giggled loudly, and i was forced to spread my legs as Buffy 
carefully sliced all my pubic hair to a very short length.  All i could 
see was Cindy's grinning face over Her Breasts as They were supported by 
Her push-up bra, and Her Crotch, as the tiniest bit of wetness showed 
through the beautiful White Satin of Her Panties.  i could tell She 
enjoyed seeing me squirm.  After the close shave, i was made to stand for 
Cindy.  Buffy took what looked like a long steel rod with leather clasps 
on each end and fastened my hairless feet into the clasps.  my legs were 
spread so far apart that i couldn't stand, and had to prop myself up 
against the wall. 
      Cindy held my hands there as Buffy applied Bikini Bare liberally 
over my entire crotch, testicles and all.  It burned fiercely at first, 
but soon became a dull pain, as i was near passing out.  i had no leverage 
against Cindy's grip.  Buffy massaged as the tingling continued.  It 
seemed like ages before Buffy sponged away the remaining hair.  i then 
received what must have been the closest shave on my face i ever incurred, 
at Buffy's knowing Hands.  my legs still spread wide, Cindy tied my wrists 
to a heavy chrome towel rack with pink satin ribbons.
      i then felt a tube inserted into my hairless rectum and a slow but 
sure gushing feeling i could barely recall from my childhood.  The warm 
enema flowed into me, filling my sissy, hairless body.  Cindy held the bag 
up as Buffy parted my long brown hair down the middle.  i felt my hair 
pulled to each side, and tied in ribbons.  my hair was in pigtails!  This, 
along with the warmth filling my behind, made my 7 inch sissy clitoris 
strain for attention.  The Girls said little, but continued giggling, and 
making comments like, "Aw, come on, sissy ronnie, take it like a good 
little girl," or, "Doesn't she look cuter already?" or,"Maybe we should 
stop.  I think she's enjoying it too much."  The harmony of the mild Pain 
and the warm Pleasure caused a chorus of cooing, girlish sounds to emanate 
from my glottal passage.  Buffy stroked my pigtails.
        The bag was empty.  Cindy demanded that i hold the soapy warm 
water, and to help, Buffy inserted a large butt plug in my hairless sissy 
hole.  i felt so full i wanted to burst.  i wanted to burst from excitement 
too, as i was released from the leather clasps and my previously soiled 
rhumba panties were slid over my sore, hairless crotch area.  
        i was then commanded to sit on the toilet seat again, as Buffy 
painted my toenails and fingernails, and then worked on transforming my 
face.  Mascara, Base, Blush, Eye Shadow, Eye Liner, Lipstick, and who knows 
what else were professionally applied by Buffy as i fought off the 
tremendous pressure the warm, filling enema applied upon the butt plug 
which my rectum grabbed onto for dear life, like a thousand  drowning 
people grabbing for a life rope, lest i explode inside my pink rhumba 
panties. my cum from my cheerleading practice expose was drying still, and 
felt cold now against my hairless crotch.  Buffy, in her White, Girlish 
nightdress, sat Herself into my lap, Her legs wrapped around my sissy body 
as She worked.  Her pristine white pantied Ass cheeks spilled over my 
thighs and clitoris, and Her tremendous weight nearly made me lose all my 
water!  To hold it in, i grabbed Buffy, pulling myself into Her Big, 
Billowy Breasts, but She pushed me away and returned to the topic of my 
sissyfying.
        Cindy's gentle Hands ran Noxemma along my tender legs, arms,
and chest as Buffy worked.  It stung at first, but soon became cool and 
soothing.  i thanked Cindy.  "you're very welcome, dear sissy ronnie girl," 
She cooed like a Mother cradling Her child.
       When Buffy finished, She stood me up, the water shifting in my body, 
straining against the butt plug hidden under my pink rhumba panties. Cindy 
looked over my body, now transformed into that of a little girl. "Very 
acceptable, Buffy," Cindy stated as She ran Her Hands along
my hairless body.  i shook franticly as i crossed my legs, standing as
i held my enema like a little girl needing to pee.
        "I think your little playmate has to go potty, Buffy," Cindy 
declared, "but we have yet to complete her transformation!"  Buffy quickly 
scampered off and returned with another baby doll like her own, only Pink.  
She lifted my hairless sissy arms and slid the top on.  my rhumba panties 
remained on, holding my butt plug.  i finally saw myself in the mirror.  i 
recognized the girl i saw, but she had no resemblance to ronnie hammer 
yesterday.  i saw the new, "sissy girl, ronnie hammer" in the mirror, and i 
cooed softly.  i was hurt, but happy.  Then Cindy snapped on a tight pair 
of rubber panties over my pink satin rhumba panties and told me to crawl 
over to my crib.  "Only baby girls soil their panties, sissy girl," Buffy 
giggled.  Then Cindy proclaimed, "Get on your knees, sissy ronnie, and 
crawl into the living room!  i have some special training for you tonight.  
Training for little girls who soil their panties!!"
       i didn't know what awaited me, but i did as she commanded.  It was 
too late to fight.  i was to be a sissy baby girl, because Cindy demands it 
be so.
      The living room now had an exercise mat in the middle, surrounded by 
2 foot high expandable wood fencing, like you might keep kids away from the 
stairs with.
        "Get in your crib, ronnie!" Buffy shouted girlishly.  She was 
enjoying my punishment as much as Cindy.  i crawled in,  the satin 
rhumba panties exciting my sissy clit with each step, and the water 
becoming unbearable behind my butt plug. i looked up at Cindy as She 
stepped into my crib in Her White garb, sat on my pink satin-encased 
back, faced my rubber covered hairless rear and spanked me ... HARD!!!

Cindy:  "you naughty girl, sissy ronnie!"

                        SMACK!!!
                        
Buffy:  "her name's sissy ronnie -- one, two, three!" (tauntingly)

                        SMACK!!!
                        
Cindy:  "Will you promise to become potty trained for us and not soil
        your panties, sissy girl?"
        
ronnie: "Yes, i promise, Cindy!  Oh, please stop, Cindy.."

                        SMACK!!!
                       
Buffy:  "she wears sissy panties -- Hee, Hee, Hee!" (sing-song ...)

                        SMACK!!!
                        
ronnie: "Please!  i can't hold it back any longer.."

                        SMACK!!!
                        
Cindy:  "I think she's going to cum in her panties again, Buffy!" 
(giggling)

                        SMACK!!!

Buffy giggled loudly, and jumped into my crib as well, with a hand 
mirror.

                        SMACK!!!
                        
       i could feel Cindy's warm Wetness soak onto my back, as Buffy 
moved Her chubby Body closer and held the mirror in front of my girlish 
face.

                        SMACK!!!

Buffy:  "Doesn't she look cute?  Just like me!!!"

                        SMACK!!!

        my hands were tingling and numb from the position i was in , on 
all fours.  Buffy shoved Her chubby Breasts into my face, the white 
satin between Her Sisterly Bosom and my hungry mouth becoming damp from 
my wagging tongue.  She pulled back and held the mirror up again just 
in time for me to see myself and appreciate myself as a fully 
transformed little girl just before the next...
                        
                        SMACK!!!
 
       ... i exploded.  my butt plug slipped, sending a gush of dirty 
enema water which soiled my pink rhumba panties and filled the 
encasing rubber pants.  my eruption of cum as all this occurred was 
more spectacular than my performance during my cheerleader practice 
earlier that day, but all was captured by the rubber panties.  i fell 
forward onto my face and Cindy climbed off my back.  i could still 
feel the coolness of Her Womanhood upon my back.  i laid there for 
about 3 minutes, stroking my naked body, in disbelief of what has 
occurred in the past 48 hours. Stroking my rubber panties, and 
feeling the warmth of all that filled them, i cried.
        Cindy & Buffy stood and both first stared at me in disgust as 
i lay stroking my aching sissy ass and clitoris, the dirty water 
seeping and dripping down my legs.
       Then They both broke out into a loud chorus of laughter:
        
        "her name's sissy ronnie -- one, two, three"
        "she messed her sissy panties -- Tee, Hee, HEE!!!"
        
       They jeered at me, doing the same cheer i performed for Them 
earlier that day, taunting me as They jumped, kicking Their pudgy 
Legs and bending over to tease me with Their highly desired Behinds.
       i wept loudly with a cry which seemed to have infantile 
proportions.  Buffy bent over and kissed me good night, gentle 
lipstick remaining on my forehead.  Cindy went away but for a brief 
moment and returned with a pacifier.
        Cindy lovingly took the pacifier and placed the nipple gently 
through the leg band of Her White Satin Panties, into Her Vagina, 
rotating it to coat it with a motherly dose of Womanhood, then 
removed it slowly and stuck it into my sissy, lipstick colored, cry 
baby mouth.
       "Shhh, little ronnie girl.  This is what you want now, isn't 
it?"  i sucked gently, and then more, as i tasted Cindy's Sweetness. 
i rolled over on my back, the dirty water sloshing in my panties.  
They smiled at me.  "I think she will sleep better now, Buffy, dear," 
Cindy announced.  i smiled back at them from in my crib and cooed 
softly.
                                CLICK!!!

      Buffy stopped the videotape again, my entire spanking 
performance forever saved on tape, and then She giggled as She 
scampered back to the bedroom with the tape to lock it away.  i saw 
her beautiful, plump Sisterly Ass swaying two and fro in Her 
nightdress, but i didn't pursue Her as before; i was much to sore, 
and i was a total mess.  Even my frilly pink nightdress was soiled.  
i sucked harder on the pacifier.
        Cindy inserted another videotape into the machine and started 
it recording at extra-long-play.  The camera lens was securely 
focused on my crib, and its tripod was far out of my reach.
        "Sleep now, little girl, and don't leave your crib until We 
let you out!" Cindy sing-songed to me with one hand on her White 
Waist Cincher. "If you are a GOOD girl, We might let you grow up and 
play with bigger girls, like Buffy.  Now don't get adventurous, or We 
might have to send your mommie her panties back, with TWO cute videos 
of her little girl."
       "Nighty-Night, sweet little girl, ronnie!" Cindy declared, 
then She laughed all the way back to the bedroom.  Buffy clung to 
Cindy's arm.
       i fell asleep to the sounds of giggling and cooing from the 
closed door of Cindy's bedroom and the video recorder, which watched 
my every move.  The pacifier, now a coveted toy, never left my mouth 
all night. i was happy and Loved.

       It was Thursday morning, and i woke before the sun rose.  
Sleeping was difficult, as Cindy required that i wear my soiled 
panties all night. The rubber panties held almost all my mess in, 
which had started to congeal, but the rest of my body was not in the 
best of conditions.  The warm, soapy water dried on my hairless legs 
overnight, leaving ugly brown runs down my hairless legs.  i stroked 
my legs.  Not a sign of hair.  Not even razor stubble.  The Girls 
were very thorough.  Somehow, i gained pleasure from running my hands 
across my hairless, sissified self.  As daylight broke, i picked up 
the mirror Buffy left in my crib.  The makeup on my face was smudged. 
 Mascara ran from my eyes down my painted cheeks, tracing the tears 
of pain, humiliation, and pleasure of the past evening. The video 
recorder continued to whirr as i smiled at myself in my pink
hand mirror.  
        my rhumba panties were now a sloppy, goopy mess inside the 
rubber panties and my hairless ass was becoming very painful from a 
combination of razor burn and diaper rash.  i sat up, the slop 
running to the back of my panties momentarily cooling my rash.  If i 
removed my rubber panties now, before Cindy allowed me, i was certain 
i would be in for more potty training.  i wanted to show Her i could 
be a good little girl.  i sucked quietly on my pacifier, trying to 
forget the pain of my sloppy behind, and thinking of Cindy.  She 
tasted so wonderful, but i had yet to see Her Womanhood.
        About 6:30, Buffy stepped out of the bedroom, obviously 
drained from a fun-filled evening, teasing a sissy girl.  She looked 
at me in my crib, tears still drawing black mascara lines across my 
blushing cheeks, and She sweetly said, "you've been a good little 
girl, sissy ronnie.  I'll clean you up and get you dressed for 
today."  Still in Her white nightdress, She proceeded to start some 
coffee, and then ordered me to crawl back to the bathroom.  As i did, 
the gooey slop sloshed in my panties.  Buffy and i could hear the 
sloshing as i returned to the bathroom, and i saw the instruments 
used the previous night to transform me into my new self.
       Buffy drew me a wonderful, warm, perfumed bubble bath, and 
then removed my soiled panties as i stood over the toilet.  Most of 
the sloppy mess spilled into the bowl, as did the butt plug.  Buffy 
made me reach into the bowl to retrieve it.  "We're not quite through 
with this, sissy girl...," She giggled.
        She then removed my pink nightdress, and placed all my 
nightclothes in a diaper pail in the corner of the bathroom.  She led 
me to the tub and washed me carefully and completely.  Leaning over 
the edge, Buffy, my Big Sister, soaped my entire body with lovely 
perfumed soap, and gently removed all traces of mess from my sissy, 
hairless, little girl body and clit.  i finished bathing myself as 
She picked up the mess in the bathroom and cleaned up & put away my 
messy crib in the living room.  i relaxed in the tub as my Sweet 
Sister finished.  She was so caring...
        After Buffy helped me out of the tub, She applied some lovely
Baby Magic lotion to my scorched ass, Noxemma to my shaven arms, legs 
and chest, and told me to shave as closely as possible.  i was to do 
this twice a day, until Cindy could think of a more permanent way to 
get rid of that hair.  
       As i shaved, my sissy clit fell limp.  i was intensely 
concentrating on shaving closely.  In the meantime, Buffy had stepped 
out.  i was just finishing, and i didn't notice Buffy come up behind 
me.  Before i could put the razor down, She clipped a tight strap 
around my clit and pulled it through my crotch back to my rear.  She 
caressed me and stated, "This is for your own good, ronnie.  Cindy 
wants you this way."  She then applied a heavy dose of lubricant to 
an even larger butt plug than i experienced the night before, and 
told me to relax as She inserted it into my hairless rectum.  i took 
it all, with a childish whimper, and then Buffy pulled back the wide 
pink leather clit strap, ran a pink satin ribbon through a loop at 
the strap's end, ran the ribbon around my sissy waist twice, and tied 
a big bow in the back.  "Only Cindy is allowed to untie you, ronnie 
...," Buffy whispered.  my sissy clit tried to harden, but it 
couldn't.  i could see no sign of it in the mirror.  Only my hairless 
skin running to my sissy crotch in a pretty triangle.  i felt 
womanized, touched myself in front of my crotch, and smiled.  The 
butt plug was so filling and delightful.
      Buffy commanded that i sit upon one of the cushioned stools in 
front of the vanity as She showered and try to make up my own face as 
She had done for me last night.  By the time She stepped out, my face 
was a total mess, and She shook Her Head in disbelief.
        "I will show you one last time how to make yourself pretty, 
sissy, then it is up to you.  you must watch carefully and do as I 
do,"  Buffy lovingly said, and She went to the bedroom for a moment, 
returning naked with 2 pairs of clean oversized rhumba panties with 
matching training bras.
       One set was bright pink; the other, bright yellow.  Buffy 
looked me over and then looked at the sissyfying clothing in Her 
Hands.  "I think yellow will look pretty on you today, sissy girl.  
With that, we dressed each  other in our sissy clothes.  i realized 
my clit strap securely held my butt plug in place as Buffy slid my 
panties on, then gently fastened my training bra.  i dressed Buffy 
slowly and gently, enjoying my sisterly role.  Buffy turned me so i 
could see my profile in the mirror, placed a pair of panties in each 
cup of my bra, and then faced me.  i looked in the mirror and saw 
that my sissy body was now en femme, albeit, quite young looking.  my 
Older Sister's Breasts were much better developed, but my young, 
budding titties were there, and i cupped them in my hands through my 
bright yellow training bra, enjoying my profile and comparing it with 
Buffy's.  Of course, i appeared taller, but certainly much younger.  
i looked and felt like a little girl.  i ran my fingers and their 
bright red painted nails down my sissy, hairless body to my yellow 
rhumba panties.  i ran them down the front of the satin, and felt 
nothing but my hairless crotch skin.  No clit.  In the mirror, i only 
saw a flat silhouette across the front of my panties. Slowly i 
motioned my hands across the back of my rhumba panties, running 
across  the rows of lace to the area where Buffy filled my vagina 
with rubber Joy.  No clit.  my profile from any angle was that of a 
little girl on the budding edges of puberty.  i smiled and Buffy 
returned a bigger smile.
        Buffy and i sat side by side on the cushy stools.  i watched 
intently as She made Her Face.  i tried to mimic Her every move, and 
soon learned the proper way to make my face match my 11 year old 
girl's body. We took over an hour, in our bras and panties, as i 
received a sisterly lesson in cosmetology.  i became fluent quickly, 
and i emerged prettier than ever.  Buffy excused Herself for a 
moment, saying that we were running out of time.  At 8:30, we had an
appointment in the living room, and Cindy wanted to use the shower, She 
said.  Buffy returned with two party dresses, one pink, one yellow.  
Cradled above those in Her Arms were two white girls full slips with 
half a dozen layers of petticoating in the short skirt, two pairs of 
white tights, and two pairs of black patent leather Mary Janes. We 
anxiously dressed each other.  Seeing Buffy's pudgy Body in the short 
pink dress which barely covered Her plump, petticoated Ass was just as 
thrilling as seeing myself in my petticoats in yellow.  Our puffy 
sleeves, tight bodices, and ultra-flared skirts, standing out over 
layers of satin and crinoline were more than enough to make both us 
girls tremble with delight.  we both delivered high pitched giggles as 
we shimmied into our tights.  The tights felt so arousing over my 
feminized legs...  i cooed girlishly.  Then we snapped on our Mary 
Janes ... they  fit perfectly! Buffy and i pranced for each other 
momentarily, and She taught me how to walk properly and sit properly, 
so as not to expose my pretty panties to naughty little boys ... 
somehow i wanted to whole world to see me like this, though.  Buffy 
finished by encasing my head in a beautiful blond wig, with pigtails 
done on each side in yellow ribbon.  The ribbons matched my dress 
perfectly, and the wig made my girlish face look even cuter, younger, 
and more feminine.  i let forth a grin as Buffy held me and whispered 
in a sing-song manner, "Sugar and Spice and All Things Nice.  That's 
what sissy ronnie's made of..."  
        As we girls were stepping out of the bathroom after a proper 
perfuming, Cindy was stepping in, in Her dark blue robe.  She looked 
lovely, even after just waking up, and She kissed both of us on our 
painted, blushing cheeks: "You girls both look very pretty today, 
especially you, ronnie."  She reached under my short billowing skirt to 
feel the smoothness of my crotch. "Very nice, sissy ... I see you have 
your little clitty under control this morning," Cindy taunted and She 
stepped into the bathroom.  
        Buffy and i went into the living room.  The mess was all 
cleaned up, and i thanked Buffy for helping me.  She ran back into the 
bedroom and returned with a small butt plug.
        "ronnie, i almost forgot!  PLEASE be a dear sister and help me 
with this!!!  Cindy will be hopping mad if I'm not properly made for 
Her by eight thirty!!!"
        The plug was already greased.  Buffy got on all fours, Her 
plump, round Tush, covered by the smooth tights and silky pink rhumba 
panties was proudly displayed as Her petticoats threw the ruffled skirt 
of Her party dress over Her Back.  i gently eased down Her tights, 
applied a sisterly kiss to Her Pantied Ass, then pulled down the 
remaining youthful underclothes to Her Knees.  i saw Her lovely Pussy, 
puffy and wet, between those lusciously pudgy Cheeks, and quietly 
licked Her Clitoris once and it rose to attention in Her moist Pussy 
Lips.  She moaned, and whispered, "Hurry, ronnie, make me cum.  Before 
Cindy comes out of the shower..."  i then moved my lipstick encircled 
mouth to Her Anal Passage.  Slowly, my tongue tickled Her Entrance.  
She moaned, "sissy, you make a wonderful playmate..."
       i took the greasy plug and slowly worked its head in and out of 
Her Big Bottom as i payed loving, sissy lip service to Her Puffy Pussy. 
This continued for some time ... i realized my own position on all 
fours, worshiping Buffy's Pussy with my tongue, my own frilly skirt 
flipped up and exposing my panty-laden behind in the direction of the 
bathroom.
      Buffy came and moaned a girlish cry, and i whimpered too, my 
sissy clit attempting to strain against the tight, feminizing clasp to 
no avail...
                                *SMACK!!!*
        Cindy's Big Rubber Paddle hit my ass with such force that both us 
little girls fell forward, my nose comfortably resting within Buffy's Anal 
Region and my sissy, painted face smothered by Her Ass.
        We were both in Big Trouble, but especially Buffy, for corrupting 
Her younger sister (that's me... *giggle*).  Cindy said that She should 
have known better.
        It was 8:30, and i finally realized what the "appointment" was as 
Cindy switched on the Cable TV to channel 9 from Secaucus, N.J... Do you 
Girls know what i'm speaking of?  It was time for ROMPER ROOM!!!!  Cindy 
demanded that we sit and pay attention to Miss Molly like good little girls 
while She got dressed.  While Cindy dressed, we watched games like Duck, 
Duck, Goose,  Catch The Dragon's Tail, Picture Games, and others.  we 
responded loudly to Miss Molly on TV, along with the rest of the children. 
Cindy wanted to hear us as She dressed.  Buffy was showing me Her 
adventurous, girlish side as She played peek-a-boo with my skirt, and i had 
no other recourse than to follow suit.  we wound up in a sisterly wrestling 
match which continued as Cindy stepped out, unaware to us. Our skirts were 
flying to and fro as Buffy wanted to play "I see London, I see France ... I 
see sissy ronnie's Underpants!" more than "Red Light, Green Light", which 
the kids were playing on Romper Room.
       We were both scolded and received a minor spanking, compared to last 
evening's.  She inspected our butt plugs, and my sissy clit strap and 
supervised us as we watched the last half of the show.  Buffy and i sat 
cross legged on the floor, with our hands folded in our ruffley laps in 
silence, except when we were to reply with the children when Miss Molly 
spoke.  Then came Jumping Jacks... Buffy and i did jumping jacks with the 
little girls and boys.  All the girls were wearing pretty party dresses 
just like ours, and Cindy jeered that She should send us to the studio in 
New Jersey sometime to meet Miss Molly, Do-Bee, Kimbal, Up-Up, and Granny 
Cat because we fit in so well.  i imagined that Miss Molly would be the 
first to get the video tape that Cindy was making of Buffy and me being 
good little Romper Room girls, if i slipped up....  However, i now WANTED 
to be a good little girl for Cindy.  i was truly enjoying my little sissy, 
femme self and i enjoyed admiring my sissy body in my yellow party dress.
        Then came another game on Romper Room: Bend and Stretch.  Buffy and 
i sang in high pitched, feminine voices:

        Bend and Stretch!  Reach for the Stars...
        There goes Jupiter, Here comes Mars...
        Bend and Stretch!  Reach for the Sky...
        Stand on tippie-toe, Oh, so High....

      Miss Molly played this game twice.  As we sang "Bend", Buffy and i 
were to bend over like all the other children.  And with "Stretch", we were 
to get on our tippie-toes and reach as high as possible.  Just as every 
little girl's panties became exposed for Channel 9 viewers this morning, 
Cindy made certain that Buffy and i were photogenically exposed, with our 
skirts raised, our rhumba panties peeking through our tights. Stretching 
was no better than bending, for our short skirts and petticoats barely 
exposed the bottom of our cute, girlish tushes as we reached high, on the 
tippie-toes of our Mary Janes.
        Miss Molly saw both Buffy and myself in Her Magic Mirror, and we 
hugged each other when we heard our names.  Cindy told us that She called 
the studio yesterday and told them it was our birthdays today.  Cindy stood 
in a white sundress, with sandals and no hosiery.  White lace ribbon tied 
Her Hair up, and It cascaded over Her Shoulders from there.  She looked 
very pretty and i told Her so, in the girlish voice She wanted to hear from 
me.  Cindy went to the kitchenette for some coffee.
       "Would you girls like some birthday cake?" Cindy asked as She bent 
into the refrigerator.  i saw the outline of Black under Her white sundress 
and i gulped...
        Buffy started jumping up and down, nearly throwing a tantrum, like
a little girl, shouting..."Goody, Goody ... it's our Birthday I want some 
cake! I want some cake!!!"  Buffy grabbed me, Her proud, pert, pudgy 
Breasts embracing me as much as Her Big round strong arms, and started 
bouncing around with me.  i knew i was to act similarly.  i got excited!!!  
we were going to get some birthday cake!!!  we each were served a small 
piece on tiny plates with dainty forks.  Buffy stuffed Her Face, frosting 
oozing down Her over blushed cheeks.  i did the same.  The goopy frosting 
on my face felt fun, like something i've missed since i was 10.
        Over the course of the day, Buffy and Cindy, who i learned was my 
foster mommie, taught me all about being a subservient, obedient little 
girl.  i was trained to bring Cindy whatever She wished, including my 
tongue, if that was what She wanted.  Buffy showed me how to properly 
worship Cindy's loving Pussy, its red, puffy lips and clitoris being so 
delicate, and Her tight Asshole, which needed just as much attention.
        i was never to touch Her Pussy with my undeserving hands.  my 
unworthy tongue was required to lash its way around Cindy's Black Satin 
Bikinis this afternoon as Buffy looked on, lightly spanking my ass under my 
petticoats with the rubber paddle as i did so.  my sissy, superfluous, 
undesirable testicles ached with each smack.  i was happy to love Her Pussy.
       i made Her Cum.  i quietly slurped up the Sweet Pussy Juices and 
then removed Her Soiled Panties with my mouth.  Buffy continued spanking.  
Once off, i replaced Her Panties with clean ones of Cindy's choosing:  
Bright Red Hip Huggers  They shone through Her Sundress like a bright Fire 
Truck.  i smiled, and She did too.  i was a satisfactory sissy girl.
       Then She told me that if i was a good little girl, someday She might 
undo my pink satin ribbon and let me soil my rhumba panties again ... but
that i would receive due punishment ... not today though ... this was Buffy 
and my birthday.  If i had to go potty, i would have to ask Cindy to untie 
my ribbon for me.  Then i would have to remove my plug, go quickly under 
Cindy's supervision, then reinsert my plug.  Cindy would then re-fasten my 
clit strap and  tie my pretty pink ribbon back around my hairless sissy 
waist.  Untying the ribbon for ANY reason at ANY time was grounds for 
immediate distribution of videotapes to my mommie, and to Miss Molly.
        The afternoon passed amid much more humiliation than the typical 
hard dick can allow, much to Cindy's pleasure and satisfaction.  But soon 
came time for dinner, i was to prepare the meal.  Being less than expert at 
things culinary, i prepared macaroni & cheese with Smokie Links. Cindy and 
Buffy both were constantly pinching and poking under my sissy skirt,  Buffy 
often holding a mirror under it and giggling as i prepared the Birthday 
Meal.
        They laughed even more as they recalled their conversation about 
having a weekend maid.  Problem was, today was Thursday, and i felt like i 
might be employed for life!  Once i served dinner, properly curtseying for 
both Cindy and Buffy, i sat in a high chair and ate dinner from tiny 
utensils with pictures of Rainbow Brite on them, and drank milk from a baby 
bottle.  Buffy kept pinching under my party dress and asking, "where has 
sissy ronnie's little clittie gone?", and making comments like "Ooh, such a 
cute little sister, in your tights and Mary Janes!"  my blushing cheeks 
blushed redder still, but i was happy to please Cindy and Buffy.
       Then Cindy served the cake, and Buffy and i blew out the candles. 
Buffy had 13 lit for Herself, and i had 10.  we both must have gotten our 
wish, because we both blew them all out!  Cindy went to the little girls 
room as Buffy and i ate birthday cake.  Somehow, i don't know who started 
it, but Buffy and i got into a girlish cake fight, smooshing frosting and 
cake into each others painted faces, and the front of our party dresses. we 
stood up and Buffy lifted my skirt and smooshed a big handful of cake down 
my tights, the cool frosting oozing between the tights and panties. It felt 
delicious, and i reciprocated by messing Her pink undies, too.
        When Cindy came back from le salle de bain, She was furious, and 
both us birthday girls knew we were in the doghouse!  We had to clean up 
our mess, take a quick bath under Cindy's supervision, put on fresh 
nighties, and head straight for bed where we received a major spanking.
        i think Buffy started the food fight because She wanted the 
spanking in the first place ... i'll never know...  There being only one 
bed, Buffy and i fell asleep together, in each others arms.  my clit strap 
continued to assert its tension upon my clitoris throughout the night, and 
both Buffy's and my butt plugs kept our dreams filled with dainty, feminine 
thoughts.  We slept on our sides, facing each other, because our lil' girl 
bottoms were much too sore after Cindy spanked us both, tucked us in, and 
gently kissed each of us good night. The last thing i remembered hearing 
that evening was Buffy whispering, "Happy Birthday, sissy ronnie." i held 
Her closer.  i had turned ten years old today.  As we fell asleep, 
exchanging sisterly caresses, we overheard Cindy, as She watched videotapes 
in the living room...  Cindy came in later that evening without waking 
either of Her little Girls.  Tomorrow would prove itself to be another 
day...


        Friday morning started less painfully than the last.  my rash had 
somewhat subsided, and my "cherry" was being properly broken, albeit 
slowly, by the large butt plug i was forced to endure 24 hours a day.
       i felt so filled by its mass, that my hairless sissy clitoris was 
under constant stimulation.  Yet, it had nowhere to go, securely tucked 
under my "pussy" and fastened securely with the wide, pink leather strap.  
Cindy woke first and told Buffy and myself to prepare for Charm School.  
Buffy instructed me as to the specifics of Cindy's Charm School.  Following 
another perfumed bubble bath and thorough hair removal session with Buffy, 
we were to dress in schoolgirl uniforms which Cindy delicately laid out for 
us.  i cringed as i saw my garments:  a blue sweater vest to go over a 
white cotton blouse.  The blouse had elasticized ruffles around the neck 
and wrists.  A black watch plaid pleated skirt which came just above my 
knee on my well rounded femme thighs.  White ankle sox with pink lace at 
the tops.  Saddle shoes...  my sissy blond pigtailed wig went over my own 
hair.  Then the  panties ... Buffy helped me into my soft, combed white 
cotton briefs, pulling them up under my skirt and snapping the elastic 
around my waist with a giggle.  i blushed tremendously, and begged not to 
have to wear these sissy clothes this morning...  i think my last remnants 
of struggling against my sissyification were making themselves evident.  
The big, soft cotton panties felt almost too natural, like i was meant to 
have worn them all my life, and this frightened me terribly.  i touched the 
front of my crotch through the cool cotton and felt only hairless skin, 
plunging towards my inner thighs.  A training bra supporting a pair of 
small falsies rubbed against my blouse with grace.  i was soon forgetting 
about my clit.  it wasn't there anymore, for practical purposes, but merely 
a superfluous, unwanted piece of flesh which neither Cindy nor Buffy ever 
cared to see.
        i was starting to feel at home in my ankle sox and saddle 
shoes once Buffy and i were finished dressing and doing our faces 
with extra blush on our cheeks.  "Cindy prefers you this way, sissy," 
Buffy explained. As Cindy prepared for Her role, Buffy sat me down 
and explained how strict Cindy was with Her Charm School girls.  She 
added that we would be learning to act subservient, and never 
question the demands of a MISTRESS or MASTER. "MASTER?!," i gulped.  
Buffy nodded and ran Her Painted Hand over the smoothness of the 
front of my white cotton panties.   Cindy returned in Black.  A Black 
Satin Blouse and a Black flouncy circle Skirt which came just below 
Her Knee.  Sheer Black Hose ... with seams up the back ... as far as 
i could see anyway... and Black Patent Pumps. She carried a Large 
Oaken Paddle...
        After serving Cindy Her coffee and finishing my own breakfast 
of sissy, Rainbow Brite Cereal,  Romper Room came on again.  Buffy 
and i took it seriously this time, for Cindy and Her Paddle meant 
business.  we played all the sissy games.  In "Bend & Stretch" today, 
Cindy smacked my pantied bottom with each "bend", and goosed my sissy 
crotch with each stretch.  i was learning to be an instrument of 
humiliation for Cindy and Buffy's pleasure.  Buffy made me thank 
Cindy for the humiliation after i was done singing the "Bend & 
Stretch" song.  my personal decisions no longer mattered.  i was to 
enjoy being a sissy slave girl.  
      After the Magic Mirror was through and i curtseyed to Miss 
Molly and Do-Bee, Cindy put a strap around my right ankle, over the 
lacy socks. The strap was fastened to a chain Cindy held in Her Hand. 
 Then She placed another strap around my neck.  It was fastened by a 
chain to a strap which tightly encircled Buffy's Plump Waist.  The 
chain was short; i could not stand erect.  "On your knees, sissy!" 
Cindy commanded, and i did so. my neck strap fastened behind Buffy's 
back, and as i got down on all fours, i was confronted with Buffy's 
Big Bottom as i was positioned under Her Skirt.  i couldn't turn, as 
my pigtailed head was held high up Buffy's Skirt.  Her Panties must 
have been a few sizes bigger than mine...
        "buffy, you have been obedient, and I want to reward you with
some pleasure from your sissy playmate," Cindy proudly proclaimed.  
Then Buffy thanked Cindy and laid on Her round Belly, pulling my 
painted face into Her Crotch.  "Please your Mistress, sissy ronnie.  
you belong to Her, for the moment anyway..."  i pulled down Buffy's 
Big White Panties, exposing Her Expansive Ass.  "Do your little 
trick, Buffy," Cindy commanded, and before i knew it, Buffy pushed 
Her Butt Plug out with Her Anal Muscles, sending the Plug into my 
girlish face.  "Suck it, ronnie," i heard from Cindy's lips behind 
me.  i dove for Buffy's Puffy, Dripping Pussy, and sucked Her Juices.
                                *WHAM!!!!*
                                
      i nearly broke my nose up Buffy's smelly behind as the paddle 
hit me with incredible force!
        "Suck Her Butt Plug, sissy bitch!  That's what i meant!!!"
        The plug was heavily soiled and smelled awful.  i cringed.
   
                *SOCKO!!!* (regards to old batman shows...)
   
        i obediently cleaned Her Plug with my mouth, a familiar smell 
now becoming a familiar taste.
      Cindy reached under my schoolgirl's skirt, put Her Hand inside 
my cotton briefs, grabbed my butt plug under my clit strap, and 
proceeded to yank the plug 1/2 way out, turning it 90 degrees.  i 
nearly swallowed Buffy's plug in the process.  "Suck It like you'd 


suck a Cock, sissy ronnie girl!!!" Cindy added.  The strap on my 
little clittie nearly pulled my undesired clit off my hairless body 
as it tightened furthering Her grasp.  i could feel my anal area 
stretching, nearly ripping, with my plug in its position.  i stroked 
Buffy's Plug with my lips, like Cindy directed.  my painted lips left 
bright red marks up and down the shaft of Her Plug.
        "Now, little girl, worship Buffy's Ass!!"
        Her Passage was gaping.  She had obviously experienced more 
activity There than i have.  i knew, however, that i, too, would
have such a hole, particularly the way Cindy twisted the butt plug in
my rectum...
       i inserted my tongue into Her Ass, bobbing my head up and down 
like a swimmer doing the butterfly.  Her Bottom cushioned my head, 
and surrounded it with warmth as i tasted a combination of lubricant 
and...  this was highly embarrassing.  i recognized the familiar whir 
of the VCR, its lens tightly focused on my girlish tongues every 
lapping.  Buffy moaned, as my rhythm soon created sympathetic 
vibrations through Her Body.  We achieved Perfect Harmonic Motion, 
Her Ass slapping against my face with every plunge my tongue took 
into Her.  i wanted to please Her, to make Her Cum.  She played with 
Her Pussy as my tongue loved Her.  She cooed loudly, and i felt Cindy 
untie my  ribbon...  Would i have the opportunity to enter this Buxom 
Sister of mine with my sissy clit?

                                no...
    Cindy yanked my butt plug out with a high pitched yelp emanating 
from my red lips.  She then took Her Fist, encased in protective 
surgical gloves, and lubricated thoroughly, and .....
      i must have passed out for a few minutes.  i woke with Cindy 
peeling off the gloves in front of me.  Both Buffy and i were on our 
bellies, my painted face on Her naked bottom.  Her Panties were 
around Her Knees.  mine were pulled back up...  what had happened?  i 
touched myself through the cotton and immediately sensed i was in 
DEEP trouble!  As i had blacked out, Cindy had refastened my 
clittiestrap, but during the moment that Cindy's Fist entered my 
vagina, my unstrapped clit must have exploded naughty cum all over my 
clean, white cotton panties.  i was deflowered.  my rectum had been 
stretched so as to accept whatever Cindy's whims would dare.  She had 
inserted what must have been the largest plug known to man (or girl, 
*giggle*) as i lay unconscious.  my hairless vagina hurt terribly, 
but i knew the worst pain was over ... physically, at least.
        Cindy was less than pleased with my performance ... Buffy was 
still fingering Herself as i came to, and i had to finish Her Ass off 
immediately. my hairless ass felt so big and puffy... i wanted so 
much to have a Pussy like Buffy's ... and now i felt like i did....  
Yet, i couldn't help but cry from the intense pain as Buffy moaned 
and finally came, a gush of warm, milky juice running onto the floor. 
 i thanked Cindy for allowing me to lick it up.
        i lay sobbing on the floor, rolled up in a fetal position, 
stroking my deflowered vagina.  Cindy turned me over onto my back.  
my skirt fell upward and She saw the big yellow cum stain  The juice 
was oozing down the front of my panties, and felt cool against my 
shaven thighs.  i was hoping She wouldn't notice.
        Cindy released Buffy from the waist-shackle, and ordered Her 
to freshen Herself.  In the meantime, Cindy laid some terry towels by 
the front door, forced me to lay upon them, belly down, pulled up my 
skirt, squatted over my raped crotch, and proceeded to urinate over 
my cotton panties, Her Pee mingling with my cum.  She turned me over 
and wet the front of my panties as well.  Her Pee seeped over my 
once-virgin vagina, and stung.  i saw Cindy holding up Her Skirt, 
peeing on Her sissy girl, ronnie hammer.  She had Stockings attached 
to what appeared to be the bottom of a Black Corset.  The Pee 
emanated from Black Crotchless Panties which were pulled to either 
side with Her Black Gloved Hands. Buffy returned and without a word 
held down my sissy, hairless arms as Cindy Peed over my cringing 
face, neck, and all over my schoolgirl outfit. Then She returned to 
the process of soaking my girlie panties with Her Pee.  i couldn't 
help but notice the Cock pointing directly towards my face as i saw 
the Pee trickling onto my panties.  It was strapped on securely.  i 
knew i would soon experience its length in my newly widened hole.  
The tears and Pee drew dark black lines of mascara down my blushing 
cheeks.  Buffy collected the towelling and squeezed the overflow over 
my panties again.  i was sopping wet from cum and Pee, and before i 
could recover from my pain, Cindy had pushed me out the door of Her 
apartment, into the hall.
        i banged on the door, begging them to let me in!  i heard 
sounds coming up the stairs.  my panties were dripping urine and cum, 
and my butt plug filled my gaping vagina as the clit strap pulled 
taut on my flaccid clittie.  i banged louder!  i pleaded to enter 
Their place of humiliation. "Say it like a girlie, sissy ronnie!!"  
came a chorus of two from behind the door.  The steps on the 
staircase grew louder.  i ran for the stairwell at the other end of 
the hall as the same two Catholic schoolgirls returned for lunch in 
their outfits which looked just like mine.  They captured a glimpse 
of my sobbing sissy face as i turned and ran away, Pee pouring from 
under my pleated skirt.  my yellowed panties peeked at them from 
under my soiled skirt as i ran red faced down the hall, as quickly as 
my little hairless legs could take me, and leaving a trail of Urine 
behind me.  They giggled loudly as i ran down the stairs to the floor 
below.
       i quickly ran across the floor below to the stairwell the 
girls had just come up and sprinted up them to Buffy and Cindy's 
floor, leaving Pee behind me everywhere i turned.  i pounded on the 
door, and in my most girlish voice, to please Cindy & Buffy, said, 
"Please let me in!!! i'm peeing in my panties!!!"  i surprised 
myself.  i sounded exactly like a 10 year old girl!
       A beautiful woman opened the door.  She was not familiar 
looking at all.  She stood six feet tall and had long, shapely Legs 
encased in white stockings under a blue silk dress.  Her Hips were 
wide and womanly.  She looked over Her Big, Pillowy Breasts at me, 
squatting at the door begging to get in.  Then i looked up at the 
door.  324!!!  Cindy and Buffy's room was 224!!!    SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!  
i had climbed an extra flight of stairs!!!
       i heard a somewhat motherly, somewhat low and sultry voice 
come from 324..."Come back little girl...."  i left a puddle in front 
of room 324 and scampered back downstairs, trickling Pee behind me.  
i pounded on 224, and even more girlishly, delivered my lines.
        The two Catholic girls opened their door and giggled as Cindy 
opened Her door and dragged me into 224.  "Can't you hold it, little 
girl?" is what i heard as the door shut behind me and i lay on the 
floor, sopping wet and extremely embarrassed!
       i was led to the bedroom where i was again daintyfied, wearing 
a pretty pink and white checkered gingham dress with fluffy petticoats 
underneath.  my soaked white cotton briefs were replaced carefully by 
Buffy with another clean pair of pink rhumba panties.  The dry, clean 
panties felt good upon my skin and the lace on the tushie cushioned my 
aching behind as i sat.  White tights went over this, followed by 
black china flats.  i emerged after another lengthy makeup session 
looking like Alice in Wonderland.  i believe that was the idea.  we 
ate dinner together, amid more humiliation, and was told about a 
Costume party Cindy was having this evening.  Apparently i was to be 
alice ....
        Then i spent the early evening doing everyone laundry.  my 
other pink rhumba panties never survived Wednesday night....  i loved 
caressing the dainty items, as i gently laundered all the remnants of 
the past days down the drain, but not before experiencing Buffy and 
Cindy's lovely Womanhood, breathing in the Aroma from the crotch of 
Their Panties.  Cindy caught me enjoying this, and forced me to wear 
Her Red Panties on my wigged head, with the crotch over my nose, until 
the party.  This only accentuated the strain on my sissy pink 
clittiestrap.
        i helped Buffy into Her Scarlet O'Hara Hoop Dress... She had 
long white satin pantaloons and white stockings which i helped Her 
with.  Then i helped lace up Her heavily boned white corset, Her Flesh 
exuding from around its tightness.  Then the Dress ..... oh......
        i did Buffy's hair in long, tight curls..... She emerged as a 
Big, Buxom, Beautiful Southern Belle.  Her Billowy Breasts barely 
supported in the plunging dress.  we made a cute couple, Cindy said.  
Cindy decided to host the party as a cheerleader ... She looked so 
cute again in that outfit.  When i wasn't greeting guests, i was to 
spend the entire party under Buffy's Big Hoop Skirt on all fours, 
being properly subservient.
        Party time soon arrived, and Cindy instructed me to hand out 
raffle tickets to People as They came through the door, and greet Them 
with a big red kiss on the cheek.  my lipstick needed to be 
refreshened often, and the make up kit was by my side, always.
      i met some of them... Laura, Carolyn, and Others came through 
the door, and All were greeted with loving, wet, girlish kisses as 
They came in in various costumes.  Some came dressed as Harlots, Some 
as Little Girls, One even came in a big fuzzy rabbits costume ... She 
was close to my height, but broader, and covered head to toe in white 
fur ... i couldn't see Her Face, but i recognized the voice from 
somewhere...  i handed Each Lady and Gentleman a raffle ticket and saw 
Cindy whisper something to Them as They came in.  i asked Cindy what 
the tickets are for, but She would only say,"...you will find out soon 
enough, sissy ronnie hammer, my dainty little girl....."
        Once all the guests arrived, i assumed my position of 
subservience under Buffy's Skirt.  It was rather dark under there, but 
Her Pudgy Ass which i tongue fucked hours before  was quite visible, 
tightly encased in the glistening, white satin pantaloons.  i heard 
people asking "where the cute little girl i saw went..."  Cindy made 
sure everyone had a peek under the back of Buffy's Dress to see "sweet 
little sissy ronnie" dressed as Alice in Wonderland on all fours down 
there with my pantied ass high in the air, the ruffles of my petticoat 
pushing my skirt above my waist.
        The party was a big success, or so i heard.  i was unable to 
enjoy much of the festivity, although i had a bit of a party of my own 
under Buffy's Dress, as either of us Sisters will attest to.  i spent 
the entire time being ridiculed by the Guests as i crawled under 
Buffy's Dress all evening.  i have a sneaky suspicion that i was the 
star attraction of the party.  The party ended quite late, and i was 
happy to be on my feet again.  my hands and knees were quite sore.  i 
was also happy to see Cindy & Buffy's Faces again (although the 
evening's view wasn't so bad itself (*wink*).  
        We all hugged each other after changing into our appropriate 
bed clothing  Cindy fed me another pacifier, and i thanked Her with a 
Big Hug.  As i lay falling asleep, i noticed the big brown box from 
Tuesday the return address on it was -- Wardrobes by Carolyn in 
Massachusetts... Buffy and i held each other tightly in our pink 
nightdresses as we nodded off.  We became so much more alike that 
day...  i never did find out what those raffle tickets were for over 
the course of the evening ....
        Saturday morning was much cooler, and Buffy had opened the 
windows of Their apartment last night; no air conditioning was needed 
today.  A delightful breeze circulated across the bedroom, and all 
three of us Girls enjoyed the cool, fresh air blowing across our satin 
encased bodies as We laid atop the sheets that morning.  We were glad 
to see the heat wave subside.
        Soon i realized that it was time to get up again, however, and 
Buffy and i went through what was becoming quite a routine (and an 
enjoyable one at that...) of preening ourselves and each other as 
little girls.  Party dresses with full satin undergarb, petticoats, 
ankle sox, and Mary Janes were once again the order for the morning 
for Buffy and myself.  The laundry having been lovingly done by yours 
truly, sissy ronnie, Buffy decided to take the yellow party dress and 
let me have the pink one.  our satin rhumba panties, of course, 
matched our dresses.  i felt so much at home in the party dress, with 
its delicate taffeta and dainty embroidery as a constant reminder of 
my new age and gender.  The blush on my cheeks had become part of my 
new face -- not some sort of disguise.  Somehow, i felt that a very 
tough disguise had been REMOVED from me, and that my true sissy self 
was finally showing through.  This made me feel good;  i'll be forever 
indebted to Cindy and Buffy for that...  i felt like i could finally 
express myself truthfully.
        Buffy and i endured a thorough helping of Smurfs and Muppet 
Babies that morning.  Muppet Babies was actually fun... Buffy kept 
giggling that i kinda looked like Baby Piggie, the way my panties 
peeked out from under my pink dress.  She was somewhat right, and i 
started to speak of myself as "sissy moi", in a Baby Piggie voice.  we 
both giggled and rolled around.
      Smurfs presented another opportunity for my "BIG" Sister and i 
to sing like the little girls we were.  The cartoons were all 
enjoyable and Cindy certainly enjoyed watching Her little girls being 
as feminine as possible.  i enjoyed pleasing Her.  i began to not only 
realize that the humiliation i had received over the past few days 
would never stop for me, but also that it was merely Cindy's way of 
making sure my role was properly submissive and feminine.  i loved 
Cindy.
        Today, Cindy was wearing White Sweats.  Her Black Satin 
Panties were clearly visible through the tight Seat of Her Pants, and 
She knew this was a stimulating factor.  As lunchtime approached, i 
asked Cindy a question that i had never really phrased properly 
before.  i crawled on my hands and hairless knees in my frilly party 
dress, its skirt swaying to and fro, its tight bodice making my slim, 
girlish figure ever present, its puffy sleeves encasing my hairless, 
sissy arms ... and asked:
        "Mistress Cindy, is there anything my unworthy sissyness can 
do to please You?"  
        i cooed to Her as a 10 year old girl, and She stroked my 
pigtails, saying, "Yes, little girl, I wanted to fuck you yesterday, 
but you ran away, peeing in your panties...  I want to fuck you now."
        She led me and Buffy to the bedroom.  Buffy and Cindy secured 
my sissy, painted hands to the canopy bed's ornate posts.  Then my 
pink ribbon was untied and my clit strap removed.  my little clittie 
hurt terribly, as it grew erect from its confines next to my vagina.  
Then Buffy slowly twisted the butt plug out of my vagina as Cindy 
tied my feet to the two remaining posts.  My hairless appendages were 
secured to the pink bed with thin pink satin ribbons.  Cindy then 
pulled down Her White Sweatpants and strapped on the 8 inch Penis 
over Her Black Satin Panties.  Buffy produced two pacifiers, and 
Cindy prepared one for each of us.  Buffy's was coated with Cindy's 
Womanhood, and mine was rotated within Cindy's dark rectum and then 
pushed into my mouth.  i sucked lightly at first, closing my eyes, 
but then increased the sucking dramatically as i felt Cindy's Hard 
Penis entering my vagina.  Cindy was so careful, these past few days, 
making sure my vagina was properly prepared, and stretched a little 
bit more every day.  it was now eager to accept Cindy's 8 inches, and 
i found that i could use my sphincter muscles to daintily caress Her 
Penis as It travelled in and out of my sissyness, despite my position 
in bondage.
        i enjoyed the Greasy Shaft sliding inside me, and my clit 
rose within my torn pink panties.  Buffy began to stroke it, but 
Cindy made Her stop.  "you shouldn't touch such dirty, naughty 
things..." She added.
        Buffy took a second Rubber Penis, and slowly fucked Herself, 
as she lay on the side of the bed, through the leg band of Her 
Panties.  i saw Her Juices oozing over Its length and over the Crotch 
of Her Undies.  Then Buffy strapped this Penis on, over Her Panties, 
straddled my taffeta-encased chest, threw Her Petticoat over my head, 
and stuck the Slimy Dick into my mouth.
        "Suck, sissy ronnie cocksucker!"  Buffy demanded.  i tasted 
Buffy's Sweet Pussy all along the length of The Shaft, and i eagerly 
sucked.  i could see nothing, as Her Petticoat were bouncing over my 
face.  i sucked plump little Buffy's Penis harder as the layers of 
satin frill slid across my girlish face.  She fingered Herself 
through Her Yellow Rhumba Panties as i sucked Her Penis.  She moaned 
with every shove of its 8 inches into my mouth and throat.  i took It 
All, through both entrances.  Cindy pushed Her Dick into me with even 
greater force.  The video camera was squarely fixed to my moaning, 
blushing face.
      Buffy announced that She was going to Cum, and with a jerk,  i 
felt warm fluid ooze through Her Panties and onto my chest.  She 
placed Her entire Weight on my sissy chest and squirmed with violent 
motions as She soaked not only Her Panties, but my pink party dress 
with Her Cum.
      Buffy pleased Cindy from behind Her, in a way that i could not 
see, as i was tied to the bed, but Cindy eventually Came.  As She 
Did, Her Cock slid Its entire length into me.  i accepted It with a 
girlish wince as it touched what must have been my undiscovered "G 
Spot".  my clit shot erect in my panties, but i did not cum.  It was 
more than pleasure enough to see the smiles on Buffy's and Cindy's 
Faces after i pleased Them.
        It was almost three when i finally was ready for a fresh 
change of clothes.  i had been messed up earlier, and i was to 
freshen up for the Girls with a bath and fresh makeup before a late 
lunch.  As i stepped out of the bathroom, butt plug inserted, and 
clit securely tucked, i was greeted by Buffy and Cindy, as They stood 
in the bedroom wearing knee length, tight Black Dresses, Black 
Stockings, Black Pumps, and Black fingerless Lace Gloves.  Buffy was 
holding what appeared to be a rather familiar looking box...  Cindy 
commanded sternly, "This is to be your outfit for the rest of the day 
... and evening, because you are so concerned about pleasing Us."
        i took the box from Buffy's lacy hands, and quickly ripped it 
open.  All i was wearing was my butt plug, my pink leather 
clittiestrap, and my pink satin ribbon.
        A look of surprise and fear fell across my blushing face.  
Inside the box was a Black Taffeta "french maid's" Dress, with white 
lace trim around the plunging neckline and short, puffy sleeves, and 
a short, yet billowing skirt.  A Black Bustier, complete with Black 
Garter Straps daintily descending from its lacy bottom lay under the 
dress.  Under that, stiff white crinoline petticoats, to hold the 
skirt out at proper distance from my sissyness.  Finally, Accessories 
were scattered across the bottom of the box:  Black Fishnet 
Stockings, Black Satin Pumps, a ruffled White Apron, a White Choker, 
and a White Head Cap  Buffy produced a second box containing a long 
Blond Wig, Its Hair remarkably similar to Buffy's own, natural Hair.
      Buffy first applied additional blush to my already overdone 
cheeks. Her expert hands turned my face into that of an expensive 
harlot.  Yet, i felt cheap and used.  My cheeks blushed still further 
as Buffy encased me in the Black Satin Bustier.  i sucked in my 
stomach as Buffy tightened the laces on the heavily boned garment, 
its red ribbon trim running down the front and its flouncy black lace 
encircling its bottom and my bust line  my falsies fit in quite well, 
and filled out my Bustier to a 40 D.
        my Pudgy Big Sister then slid proper maid's panties up my 
trembling hairless legs.  Black Satin Briefs with White Lace running 
in horizontal rows across my sissy ass seemed so appropriate when in 
a position of servitude.  my Fishnet stockings made my legs so 
feminine, letting their hairless creamy texture show through.  i felt 
so proud of my legs as i fastened the 6 garter straps, the straps 
feeling like iron bars caging in my panties and the unworthyness 
therein.  
        Then the Shoes...  i fit into the Satin Pumps easily as i sat 
on the bed, but as i stood into them, i stumbled over myself, losing 
my balance on the high heels.  Soon, however, after being commanded 
to prance around the bedroom in my sultry undergarments, exposing my 
big tits & ass as well as my sharply legs, i became accustomed to the 
footwear.
      i looked in the mirror.  i was so proud of my big titties.  my 
plump, round ass stuck out far behind me and swayed torridly as i 
walked in the pumps.  my tiny wasp-waist flared gracefully to my 
wide, pantied hips.  "you look divine....," Cindy stated.
      i loved the tiny red floral appliques on the front of my 
bustier. That was soon covered, though, as Buffy helped me into my 
stiff crinoline. The petticoats flared even more than my party 
dresses, and the white lace on the back of my maid's-panties peeked 
from under the crinoline with even the slightest bend at the waist. 
        The wig added the cutest, girlish look to my body, as it was 
next. The long blond curls cascaded over my shoulders with feminine 
grace.
        Finally i was fitted into the Black Taffeta Dress.  The 
petticoats held the skirt out so far ... i felt totally sissyfied.  i 
flounced up the skirt around me, enjoying its fullness.  Along with 
the choker, cap, and the apron, tied in a big white satin bow behind 
me, i was a perfect picture of feminized servitude.  i wished to 
devote myself to pleasing the Girls
        Evening arrived quickly; i knew this was to be the last 
evening i would spend with the Girls before i was to go back to my 
dormitory room and prepare for school on Monday.  Buffy and Cindy 
mentioned that we would be having a dinner guest, and i was to be on 
my best behavior.  Cindy instructed me on the proper way for Her 
sissy maid to walk, sauntering with my hairless ass stuck far behind 
me and my big tits far in front; to talk, with a girlish, faint lisp, 
and only when spoken to; to bend, always from the waist, never at the 
knees; and to act, in a totally subservient, pleasurable way for All.
        The doorbell rang, and i rushed to answer it, my sissy skirt 
flipping up with each prance of my pump-encased feet.  There in the 
doorway was the Woman i saw from 324!  When i heard Her say, "Good 
evening, sissy girl, My name is Daisy,"  i realized that She was the 
Woman wearing the big white bunny suit at Cindy's party the previous 
evening.  Daisy gave me a deep, warm kiss, Her tongue darting 
everywhere within my lipstick painted mouth.  Then She pinched me 
under my skirt, and whispered into my ear, nibbling on my earring:"I 
won You in the raffle last night, sissy ronnie, you are Mine for the 
evening..."  i nearly collapsed in Daisy's warm, powerful embrace.
        Dinner was a major event; i created the most exquisite 
Chinese dinner, under Cindy's watchful command.  i was constantly 
being told to grab my ankles for Daisy as i cooked, making it an even 
more difficult affair.  She loved seeing my lace-striped panties peek 
from under my crinoline petticoats, and teased me all evening.  
Dinner was lovely, and all the other Girls thought so, but i was made 
to eat after Daisy, Buffy and Cindy finished.  i was on duty, serving 
them, and had enough for myself after the table was cleaned up.  When 
the Girls all had their fill, they walked to the living room and 
watched video cassettes of my previous performances.  i was so 
embarrassed!  Daisy was making cooing sounds from the other room as i 
ate.  i saw Cindy's hand up Daisy's black dress.  Daisy looked 
marvelous.  She was so buxom, tall and powerful; She looked like the 
"Perfect Dominitrix".
        i served Them Cognac as They watched the videos.  They were 
very turned on by the tapes, though, and i knew that i would soon be 
called upon to please Daisy's Womanhood.  When i wasn't busy serving 
the Women, i was to stand in the corner and watch the videos as well 
-- from between my fishnet-encased legs.  i bent over (at the waist), 
grabbed my ankles as faced the corner, and watched.  This was the 
most embarrassing position i had been in all week, my sissy panties 
riding high into my hairless crotch as i bent.  The garter straps 
which encased my panties pulled tightly upon my stockings as i bent, 
making the bustier seem even tighter.
        When the videos were complete, and the Girls were 
sufficiently aroused, i was led into the bedroom by the three Girls.  
i was tied to the posts as before, only belly down this time.  my 
pantied ass rose high into the air, as Cindy commanded, and a small 
hole was torn into the rear of my black satin panties.  my ribbon was 
released and my butt plug removed from behind me.  In this position, 
i could not see well at all from behind me.
        i then felt Her enter me.  Daisy entered my deflowered 
womanhood with great strength.  Her Penis felt warm inside my vagina 
and i used my anal muscles to stimulate Her strap-on rubber Cock.  
The friction inside my body made It feel so real, so warm.  i was 
being fucked by a strong, commanding Dominitrix and i was happy to 
concede my gaping hole to Her as Her lubricated Penis quickly moved 
in and out of the hole in my panties.
      Then Daisy moaned, and removed Herself from me.  Cindy put half 
Her Fist in my still pulsating pussy, and Buffy quickly stroked my 
clit.  They were working on me as Daisy stepped to my side of the bed 
and raised Her Skirt.  Her Pink Panties shone like rays of sun over 
the tops of Her Pink Stockings, held by a Pink Garter Belt.  Then i 
saw Her Penis.  It was not rubber at all!  i had just been raped 
by... by i don't know... it sure looks like a woman, except...  then 
She removed Her Dress....  She was a SheMale! Her Huge, plunging Tits 
hung suspended by the laciest, most feminine pink bra i've ever seen, 
as i strained my neck to look away from that... that penis!
        She pushed it into my mouth.  i tasted the inside of my own 
hole as She fucked my face.  Daisy spanked me hard, and commanded me 
to suck!  i refused... i never was homophobic and never criticized 
anyone elses life-style, but i knew homosexuality was not my bag.  
She spanked me again, and then i felt the rest of Cindy's Fist enter 
my pussy.  i cringed, but soon realized that i had better please 
Daisy as a subservient sissy cocksucker, or my ass would be ripped up 
my back!  Cindy's Fist started to twist and pump inside me.  Buffy's 
gloved Hand stroked my clittie through my panties, and i became 
erect.  i sucked, licked, and pleased Daisy.  Being a SheMale, on 
hormones, i sucked quite some time before She became completely 
aroused.  i had to work overtime on Her Penis, but eventually i had 
it pulsating inside my mouth.  Cindy and Buffy tormented my body as i 
pleased Daisy.  my anal passage being stretched beyond recognition by 
Cindy's knowing Hand, Buffy continued Her clit torture.
        i went into convulsions, with each movement of my body in 
response to Buffy's stroking causing Cindy's Fist and Daisy's Penis 
to travel further into me.  Daisy and i came at the same time, my 
panties being filled with what seemed to be the biggest load of cum 
in my life, and my face receiving a classic facial cum-shot.  Daisy's 
Juices splattered my blond hair, my painted eyes, and my blushing 
cheeks.  It dripped down my nose and cheeks, rolling over my red 
lips.  i wanted so much to wipe it off, but Daisy held my head up as 
all the Girls giggled, watching me cringe with the Goo oozing over my 
entire face.  my hands being tied to the posts, 
i was helpless.  Then they left, All giggling, without untying me.  i 
heard them all enjoying themselves on the floor upstairs (324) as 
Daisy's Cum dried on my face, my cum dried in my panties, and my ass 
ached terribly.  my clit strap had been refastened and my butt plug 
reinserted.  i eventually fell asleep, totally shocked, embarrassed 
and feminized.
        Buffy returned Sunday morning, as the sun rose, and released 
me, from my position of bondage.  She unlocked Cindy's trunk and 
dressed me in the Cheerleading Outfit again, after i washed.  She 
then released me from my confining clit strap and butt plug  my pussy 
felt like a large, gaping hole. it felt so unusual with nothing 
filling it.  i knew that it was to be filled to remain properly 
stretched, so i asked Buffy for the plug.  She reinserted it, and i 
cooed.  i felt better.  Then came my pink rhumba panties again. They 
felt so natural.  Buffy then helped me on with my parka.  The heat
had picked up again, and it was 95 outside.  Oh, well....
        As Buffy kissed me and bid me farewell, She commanded, "Be 
here like you are dressed now on Friday at 5 PM sharp, little sissy 
ronnie girl!" i knew i would return, again and again...

--
