Roommates

   by "Muser"

(This story is based on a real relationship. The names have been changed
to protect the less than innocent.)

During three years of living and loving together, Ronald and Janice
were careful to give each other the space they needed. This led to a
very close and committed relationship with plenty of room for their
individual identities. At times, however, Jan would take this for
for granted and forget the rules of common courtesy in their living
arrangement.

Friday night was Jan's night out with her friend Aliza. It included
dinner and a movie. Aliza had stopped by to pick up Jan.  As they were
leaving, Jan had told Ron that she would be home by 10:00.

It was now well past midnight. Ron sat at the piano in the living room.
Unable to concentrate on his music composition, he closed the keyboard
cover and moved over to the couch. While he worried about some imagined
accident befalling Jan, he also knew that Aliza was very irresponsible
about time commitments. The four other occasions of Jan's tardiness also
occurred while out with Aliza. Ron decided that this behavior was
unacceptable. He stared at the clock on the wall and waited.

                              ******

A little after 2 AM, Ron heard the sounds of giggling voices and
tinkling
keys coming from the front porch. A moment later the front door opened.
Framed in the open doorway was the picture of two high-spirited women
lost in the revelry ofthe night. The mirth on Jan's face quickly
disappeared, however, when she noticed Ron waiting up for her.

"Oh! I'm sorry hon," said Jan apologetically. "We stopped for a nightcap
at that new club across from the theater. The music there was great and
we were having so much fun that time just got away from us. By the way,
I told Aliza that she could stay here tonight and not worry about the
long drive home. I hope thats OK."

"You should have called me to say you would be late," replied Ron. "I'm
very tired right now, so we'll settle this in the morning. Aliza can
stay if she wishes but tomorrow will bring some corrective action." He 
gave Jan a peck on the cheek, bid goodnight to Aliza, and climbed the 
stairs to his room.

Those words "corrective action" reminded Jan that Ron was ready to
discipline her whenever she overstepped limits. "I'm in for it now," she
confided to Aliza, "He's gonna spank me! I hope you won't rush off early
tomorrow. Maybe Ron will go easier on me if you stick around and delay
it. He might even skip it if we wait long enough."

"Sure thing. I'll stay as long as you want," said Aliza. "In a way I'm
partly to blame for your predicament. Sounds rather brutish of Ron,
however."

"Oh, I'm sure I worried him tonight. This is his way of showing me he
cares for my welfare" As they went upstairs to her room, Jan experienced 
both dread and anticipation toward the coming day.

                              *****

Ron awoke at 9 AM. He dressed and went down to the kitchen where he made
a pot of coffee. About a half hour later he heard movement up in Jan's
room. He ascended the stairs again, carrying a tray with a pot of
coffee two cups, and his own half-empty mug. "Rise and shine, ladies!"
he called through Jan's door.

Jan greeted him in her night clothes, pink baby doll pajamas. Aliza
was snuggled under the covers. Ron entered and set the tray down on the
vanity table. "Here's your morning coffee, girls" he said cheerfully.
Then in an ominous tone he added "Come to my room in 15 minutes! Don't
bother to get dressed" He refilled his mug and started for the hallway.

"Do you mean me too?" asked Aliza.

Ron stopped and turned to face the question. "Yes you too!" he said.
"You are going to witness Jan's chastisement. Maybe then you will help
her watch the time on your future outings. See you BOTH in 15 minutes.
Don't be late!" He then proceeded to his room for further preparations.

Jan turned to Aliza with a red face and grimaced look. Aliza shrugged a
reply. A few moments later, they poured their coffee. They sat on the
edge of the bed silently drinking from their cups. Jan stared at the
dresser clock and waited.

Jan and Ron each had separate rooms at opposite ends of the upstairs
hallway. Three other bedrooms occupied the second floor of this large
country house. The largest bedroom at the top of the stairs was shared
by both of them. This was where the two lovers spent many a cozy night
in each others embrace. The two other rooms were devoid of any furniture
and contained only an occasional box in transit from or to the attic.

Last night, in her room, Jan had explained to her dear friend Aliza
how Ron was the dominant partner in their relationship. A half dozen
times in the last two years, Ron had found it necessary to take action
on some serious infraction commited by Jan. The penalty in each case was
a dose of corporal punishment. Jan confided that there was also a sexual
side to theses punishments, setting up a dichotomy of pain and pleasure.
The last session about five months ago ended with passionate lovemaking
in their shared bedroom. Up until now the spankings had been a private,
personal matter between the two lovers. It appeared that this time would
be different.

About two minutes before they were due in Ron's room, Jan and Aliza
started down the hallway. Jan wondered what form her punishment would
take with Aliza there. Aliza felt uneasy about witnessing this event but
Jan convinced her that Ron would be harsher if Aliza did not appear.
After what seemed to be an endless walk down the corridor, they reached
the door to Ron's room. Jan knocked meekly.

"Enter!" called Ron. Jan entered followed closely by Aliza. Standing
in the middle of the room, Ron took a minute to observe the women's
appearance. As ordered, Jan was barefoot and still wearing her pink
pink baby doll pajamas with matching panties. Her tits were visible
through the shear material. Aliza, who was about three inches taller
than Jan, was wearing a borrowed football jersey nightshirt which
stretched to mid-thigh.

"Right on time..for once!" Ron chided. "Why don't you sit over there,
Aliza?" motioning toward the reading chair in the corner. Aliza
nervously complied. Ron then focused his attention on Jan. "And what
have you to say about last night, Janice?" he asked in a stern tone of
voice.

"I am very sorry I was late, dear. It was inconsiderate of me not to
call and let you know that I was OK."

"And what do you deserve?"

"A..er..a.. spanking" stammered Jan. She then approached Ron and stood
before him. Ron took her hand and led her over to the bed. He sat down.
Jan quickly glanced at Aliza, and then after a moments hesitation,
draped herself across Ron's lap.

Ron adjusted Jan's position slightly and smoothed out the material of
her nightgown as it lay across her upturned bottomcheeks. He then put
his left hand on the small of her back and rested his right hand at the
base of her ass. "You will now pay for your thoughtlessness," said Ron
He completed the statement with a resounding "Smack" to Jan's fleshy
mounds "I waited up for you all night. (Smack) This is the fifth time.
(Smack) Therefore, you will be punished five times today (Smack). Thats
five..(smack)..times.(SMACK). One..(smack)..time..(Smack)..for each..
(smack)..tardy..(smack)..night. (SMACK). Ron continued the lecture,
punctuating key words with well placed slaps to her posterior. Jan
reacted with a loan moan which gradually became louder as the spanks
landed. Aliza, meanwhile, sunk deeper into the chair and placed her
hands to her face in embarassment and shock.

Ron paused. "Are you now ready for the FIRST of your punishments?" he
asked. Aliza then realized what Jan had known all along. The lecture was
just a preliminary ritual. The actual ordeal had yet to start.

"Y...Yes, I'm ready," Jan replied. "Will you spank hard?"

"Soundly," replied Ron with a chuckle. He raised the hem of her
 nightgown.

"Oh no! Not on my bare bottom, sir; not in front of my friend!" Jan
protested as she felt him tug at the waistband of her panties.

"Yes! ON THE BARE BOTTOM!!" exclaimed Ron, having peeled her panties
back to the base of her ass. He reached between her legs to grab the
front waistband. His hand felt a slight wetness that had accumulated on
the front of her panties. He proceeded to pull them down to Jan's
ankles. Jan tensed her buttocks slightly in anticipation of what was to
come.

Tat-tat-tat..tat-tat-tat..Tat-tat-tat-tat. Ron delivered sharp slaps in
groups of three and four. "Oooo!....ow!...ee!...yeeaw!.." cried Jan. Ron
continued the stacatto rhythm all over Jan's naked cheeks. She tried
to buck and kick, but Ron's strong left hand held her in place and the
panties around her ankles prevented her from much leg movement. "Ow!..
(tat-tat-tat-tat)..awwwgh!..(tat-tat-tat)..nooo!..(tat-tat-tat)..ooohh!"
Ron continued until the rounded portions of Jan's behind blushed pink.
He paused, and Jan slowly regained some composure. She then started to
her gyrate her hips and grind her pussy against his knee. Ron responded
by reaching down and fingering her pussy with the middle finger of his
right hand. "Oh..Yes, sir..." Jan cried. After about a minute he stopped
and ordered Jan off his lap.

"One down. Four to go!" Ron teased "Go to your room and return with your
hairbrush, QUICKLY!" Jan stepped out of her panties and darted out the
room. Ron glanced at Aliza who was now in a semi-fetal position on the
easy chair. Neither said a word. Then Ron got up, went to the closet,
and brought out a shoebox just as Jan was returning.

Jan presented her hairbrush to him. He sat down on the edge of the bed
and ordered her to remove the nightgown. She did and was now totally
naked. Ron reached into the shoebox and produced a small vibrator.
Jan meekly draped herself across his lap again.

Ron turned on the vibrator and inserted it into Jan's wet pussy. He
ran his left palm across now-hard nipples of her tits. Then he encircled
the small of her back with his left arm while he picked up the hairbrush
with his right hand. He rested the brush momentarily on Jan's pink
bottom, then rubbed its round, flat surface teasingly against Jan's
 twin mounds.

Suddenly, Jan felt a light breeze as Ron lifted the brush. An instant
later the hairbrush fell with a resounding "whaaack" at the base of her
ass. Aliza jerked convulsively from the sound, while Jan exhaled an
audible moan. "This is your SECOND punishment," said Ron. He then
proceeded to spank Jan with slow, deliberate strokes. At first Jan
sobbed and begged him to stop. After about four or five spanks, however,
she arched her bottom upward to meet the hairbrush. She continued to
gyrate her hips as the vibrator continued to do its job in her sopping
pussy. Whaack....craack.....whaack. Ron targeted every part of Jan's
asscheeks and landed some spanks on the fleshy part of her thighs. He
paused momentarily to fondle her nipples again then continued the
spanking. After about 30 more strokes he stopped. Jan's ass now took on
a bright red hue. She was, however, lost in the ecstasy of pain and
pleasure and continued to grind her hips and moan softly long after Ron
had stopped.

Finally, in one convulsive movement, she lifted herself off his lap, let
out a resounding "oooooooaaaaaahhh", and collapsed back across his legs.
Ron smiled as he extracted the vibrator. He then ran his hand soothingly
across her flaming rear.

"Go to our room. I'll be along later." he ordered, and he gave Jan one
more playful spank with his palm. Jan rose quickly and headed out the
door gingerly rubbing her reddened buns.

Ron addressed Aliza, who was curled up in the chair "That is how
misbehavior is dealt with in this household." Ron stated firmly. "I hope
both of you will be more dilligent about the time on your next outing."

Aliza was now breathing hard and heavy as a result of the ordeal she had
just witnessed. She finally spoke up. "What are you gonna do next?" she
asked with a mixture of fear and curiosity.

"The rest will come later today. It's time for you to go. You can say
goodbye to Jan on the way out."

Aliza was surprised at both the suddenness of his words and the
disappointment she felt over having to leave now. "I'm really sorry that
I got Jan in trouble. Please don't be harsh with her."

"Yes. Goodbye," replied Ron as bent down to retrieve Jan's clothes.

Aliza rose and started for the door. She then hesitated and looked back
at Ron who was straightening out the bedspread. She quickly walked over
to him, pivoted him by his shoulders and sat him down on the bed.

"Punish me too!" she exclaimed, and then draped herself over his lap.

Ron paused a moment as he scanned Aliza's tall frame streched over his
thighs. "Yes, that can be arranged," he said.

He decided to skip the lecture. "Prepare for the FIRST punishment!" he
said as he raised the nightshirt and pulled Aliza's black lace panties
down to her knees.

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
This quality file was downloaded from

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³        9600: 503-775-0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s

