"I ask you again, do you consent to anything and everything I am about to do
to you?"  The woman inwardly trembled at the commanding voice and fought to
maintain enough control so that he wouldn't see.  She was standing in a large
outer hallway leading to a heavy wooden door with a large iron ring for a
knob.  The delicious feeling of terrified anticipation crept through her
body.  She nodded.  "Not good enough", the man's voice growled.  "You will
tell me, fully and completely, that you agree.  And you agree knowing, up
front, that I know your deepest fears....and your deepest desires.  I am
inside of your mind, a part of you.  I can control you with a snap of my
fingers.  But I desire more.  I desire your consent before you set your will
down at my feet.   I want you to admit to yourself hat you have chosen your
own torment and accept all of it without reservation.  For the last time, I
will ask you, do you consent?"  She felt the butterflies in her stomach as
the question came to her mind.  Was it true?  Could he know what she was
thinking?  She had imagined that those piercing green eyes had seen through
her very soul, but was it real?  Fear welled up and her fingers clenched into
fists as she stood before those eyes, exposed again.  She imagined that he
was probing into her thoughts, and the idea was both frightening and
interesting.  A tingling curiosity got the better of her.  She had to find
out what these feelings meant.  "Yes, I consent, fully and completely" she
whispered.  Without a word, he rang a bell and turned his back on her.  She
was disappointed.  She had expected him to whisk her in his arms, or at least
to acknowledge that he heard what was so difficult for her to say.  She
opened her mouth to protest, but instead a matronly woman appeared.  "Your
will, Master?"  she asked.  "I will take this woman this evening", he said.
"Prepare her in the usual manner".  Then he turned, and walked down the hall
in the opposite direction of that door she both craved and feared.

She was horrified.  No reassurance, no kind words, he hadn't even looked at
her.  And now she was with this woman twice her size with who glared down at
her.  "You will call me Mistress" she said matter of factly  "and you will
know that I will report any lack of cooperation directly to the Master.
Believe me, you will wish you had never thought to disobey once he is through
with you".  The words stung.  She gulped and looked down.  This wasn't what
she wanted at all.  She wanted HIM, not this imposing woman who looked at her
with no expression.  "This way", the Mistress pointed.  When she didn't move,
the Mistress grabed her arm hard and pulled.  "I said THIS WAY".  She was
half shoved into a door to the right.  Once inside, she recognized that the
room was a bathroom with a large outer sitting room.  "Disrobe, and be quick
about it" the Mistress told her.  "Now just wait one minute", the woman said.
"I'm not a lesbian.  I won't take off my clothes for...." "Did I hear what I
thought I heard?  Does she dare to disobey?" the voice came from a speaker
mounted to the far wall.  "Yes Master, that is what you heard", the Mistress
turned toward the speaker when she spoke.  "Then it will go harder on her.
Much harder.  When she is prepared for me, bring her to Room 3".  "Master,
are you sure?", the Mistress asked.  "She is new, I don't think...." her
voice was cut off by the speaker "You heard me.  Room 3".

"Now you've gone and done it" the Mistress told her.  "And since I spoke up
for your worthless hide, I will probably pay for it later.  But that won't be
anything compared to what you're going to get.  Now take your clothes off.
RIGHT NOW".  The woman's hands were shaking as she removed each piece of
clothing.  The Mistress held her hand out for each garment, laying them
across her arm one by one.  The she turned and dropped the armload into the
trash can located under the speaker.  "Hey, those are my clothes..." the
protest was broken off as the Mistress swiftly threw the woman across her
hip, neatly flipping her over onto her front as she hit the floor.  Startled,
the woman tried to struggle, but was met with knee in the small of her back.
Before she could continue the fight, the Mistress had snapped hard plastic
cuffs on the woman's biceps that were pulled from a large pocket in her
garment, pinning the woman's arms together behind her back at the elbow.
Within another split second, the Mistress had expertly inserted a soft ball
gag deeply into the woman's mouth and locked it behind her head.  "That
should keep the noise down".  The woman struggled uselessly as the Mistress
half dragged and half carried her to a large heavy wooden chair with two iron
manacles imbedded into the front legs just below the seat.  The seat was
shaped with a large half-moon type area missing. The woman's legs were parted
and each leg was locked into the corresponding manacle just below the knee,
exposing her pubic region and allowing it to hang unsupported.  "There.  Much
prettier like this, and certainly a lot quieter.  Your breasts are so small
and well formed.  The cuffs make them stand out so well.  And look, your
nipples are hard.  You must be enjoying the attention you're getting".  The
woman blushed crimson.  Surely her body could not be betraying her.
"Unfortunately, my dear, that is not enough to keep you from moving for my
purposes".  The Mistress reached under the chair and began turning a crank.
As she did, a cylindrical object made of hard plastic began rising up through
the open area.  The woman began to struggle furiously, but the manacles and
the cuffs held her tightly.  "See, I told you that you needed something more
to hold you steady".  The cursed object began penetrating the lips of the
woman's vagina.  "If you stop struggling, it will go easier for you.  I've
done enough of these to know that".  The object rose higher.  The woman began
panting partly from exhaustion, partly from fear.  The object pressed 2, now
3, now 4 inches into her.  The woman tried to cry out, but the gag prevented
it.  Now 5, now 6, the woman winced with pain. "That ought to be enough to
hold you steady.  Just one more thing though".  The Mistress took out a tape
measure, and carefully measured the circumference of the woman's neck, and
the length from her chin to her breast bone.  Then she turned to a large
trunk against the far wall, rummaging until she found what she was looking
for.  It was a beautifully tooled leather collar, over 4 inches wide in the
front.  The Mistress held it so that the woman could read "Rightful Property
of the Master" on the inside.  She had just about enough time for her eyes to
grow very wide before the Mistress padlocked it around her neck, forcing her
to hold her back very straight and preventing any movement of her head.

"Ah, that's much better".  The woman was shaking now.  "You look very
beautiful like that my dear" the Mistress said.  "I'll show you".  The
Mistress uncovered a large mirror on the opposite end of the room.  "See how
pretty your breasts look" the Mistress cupped the left, then the right,
stroking the nipples.  "Pitty I'm not allowed to tease you.  The woman tried
to pull away from the touch, tears streaming down her cheeks at the
humiliation of being touched by another woman.  "There there, my dear.  You
should be grateful that I am doing this.  The Master is much more cruel, and
he is not nearly as good with the razor as I am.  Count your blessings."  She
pointed at a straight razor and mug of shaving cream  with the bristle brush
in it.  The woman began shaking in ernest.  "I should warn you now that if
you move, I may cut you by accident.  Neither of us want that.  Now if I were
in your position,  and I have been before, I would hold as still as possible,
and calm down.  It will be over before you know it."  The Mistress went back
to the trunk and brought a black silk scarf.  "I will do you the favor of
blindfolding you so that you don't flinch uncontrollably from the mere sight
of the razor".  She tied the scarf tightly around the woman's head.

The woman felt the warm shaving cream being applied to her vagina by the
bristle brush.  It prickled, and sent shivers up her back.  Though terrified,
she held still.  The Mistress parted the cheeks of her ass and lathered there
too.  Still she did not move or flinch.  Then the cold razor touched the
inside of her thigh.  She began panting, trying hard not to move her lower
body.  The razor was freezing cold against her skin.  She felt as if her
insides would explode with fear.  But the Mistress was true to her word.  It
took less than 5 minutes to shave the entire region.  And she was not cut.
She sighed deeply as the Mistress rinsed the area, and only jumped a little
when the Mistress tweeked her clit.  "Very, very good" the Mistress told her.
"I will tell the Master how you loved being shaved.  Since you were so very
well behaved, I will allow you to do your own enema".  Enema?  The woman
began to cry again.  "Now you wouldn't want the Master to have to deal with
your filthy body before it is cleansed, would you?  I can do it myself if you
resist".  The woman shook her head no.  The Mistress released her arms from
the plastic cuffs, and swiftly locked the woman's wrists in front of her with
handcuffs.  "These are the nice ones.  They have a 4 inch chain between the
wrists.  Plenty of room for what you need to do".  The Mistress then removed
the blindfold and handed her a mirror.  "I'm sure you will appreciate the
fine job I've done shaving you".  The woman sniffled, and then reached up to
remove the gag.  "Now that won't get you anywhere my dear".  The Mistress was
right.  When her hands reached the buckle in the back of her head, the woman
found a tiny padlock.  It was the same type as the one that locked the wide
collar to her throat.  She looked up at the larger woman, making a slight
whimpering sound behind her gag. "Those big green eyes won't get you very far
with me" the Mistress said.  "You aren't my type, little one.  Just take your
enema so I don't have to do it for you, ok?".  The woman nodded, and was led
to the toilet where she dutifully inserted the enema and sat until the
inevitable cleansing.

"Fine" the Mistress said.  "Now you're learning how to cooperate.  Some never
do, you know.  They fight and they fight, but it hasn't done them any good.
I've never lost.  I enjoy the challenges, but I'll also tell you that you are
much better off going before the Master without any injuries from me.
Especially since you will be in Room 3.  But perhaps if you continue to be
very very good, he won't make things too terribly bad.  Although, Room 3
would certainly not be MY first choice for one as soft as you.  But the
Master has never been wrong about what his slaves can take.  He must know
there is more about you than your looks.  Well, only one more thing to do.
Follow me".  The woman followed the Mistress to a large shower with beautiful
ornate tiling.  She almost breathed a sigh of relief at the thought of a
pleasant shower by herself.  But then she saw the large eyebolts iand hooks
mbedded throughout three of the walls, and across the ceiling of the shower.
"You are lucky you've been so cooperative.  Sometimes I have to fasten the
woman securely to the wall in order to properly clean them for the Master.
But I think it will be a bit easier for you.  After all, even if you do
struggle, you're so small and weak that you won't be any problem".  The
Mistress raised the woman's hands over her head and lifted her so that a hook
in the center of the shower area caught and lifted the chain connecting her
wrist cuffs.  The Mistress opened a closet nearby and took out a long plastic
rod with cuffs on either end.  "This is just to make it a bit easier, in case
you forget and try to close your legs".  The Mistress snapped a cuff around
each ankle, forcing the woman to stand with her legs apart.  With horror, the
woman realized that the Mistress was going to do the washing.

Tears streaming down her face, the woman endured the Mistress washing her
body.  She was scrubbed clean, from her neck just below the collar, to her
toes which were tenderly parted and cleaned.  Her body was patted dry, and
the spreader bar was removed from her ankles.  Then she was lifted off of the
chain and caught as she slumped into the Mistress' arms.  Then she was half
carried over to a stool in front of a small vanity.  A large round mirror was
at the woman's face level.  "Now you know that fighting will get you nowhere,
so don't even bother to struggle".  The Mistress unlocked the woman's hands
from the cuffs in front of her, and replaced the plastic ones around her
biceps.  Again the woman felt horribly exposed as her breasts jutted out.
"Now take a look at how pleasant a sight you will be to the Master.  And
we're almost ready to go to him".  The Mistress brought the tape measure over
and measured the woman's waist, and her feet.  Then she went over to a
closet.  The woman tried to see the Mistress through the mirror, but she was
just out of sight.  And turning her head would be impossible.  The Mistress
was back in a matter of seconds, placing something around the woman's body.
under the cruely tied arms.  "Now this is going to take some time, but it
will be well worth it.  Just inhale when I tell you to and everything will be
fine".  Looking in the mirror, the woman saw a white corset, complete with
heavy bone stays that had already been laced in the front.  "Since this is
your first time with the Master, he specified you wear white.  Next time, you
will wear black".  Next time, the woman thought, next time?  The Mistress
began lacing the corset from the bottom.  "Now inhale" the Mistress directed
as she pulled the laces very tight.  It didn't take too long to have the
entire aparatus laced to the top, constraining the woman's breathing and
squeezing her already jutting breasts, pushing them firmly upward.  "Very
good.  The Master will be well pleased with the way you have turned out".
The Mistress then slipped some shoes onto her feet that the woman found were
impossible to see since her head was held so terribly immobile.  The Mistress
produced two more of the tiny padlocks and locked a strap across the woman's
ankles.  Then she snapped a chain leash to a ring on the front of the woman's
collar.  "It's time to go now".

The woman tried to rise to her feet, but she found that her ankles were
buckling underneath her.  "Again, you should consider yourself lucky" the
Mistress told her.  "I've used the 5 inch heels rather than the 6.  Believe
me, it could be much worse".  The Mistress led the teetering woman from the
preparation room, painfully down the hallway, and to the heavy wooden door.
