			    ROOM 109 
 
	Virginia Smith was a teacher at Lee Junior High, an ancient,
brooding building surrounded by a forest of half-dead oaks and
maples. Like the other teachers she had learned that virtually
anything was within the realm of possibility at the school. Strange
events were commonplace, and legends of ancient, dark entities
inhabiting the school greeted all new teachers unfortunate enough
to be assigned to Lee. Stories were told of seeing ghosts and
shadows in the darkened corridors, and of strange whisperings and
areas of an incredible, almost deadly silence. The behavior of the
students echoed the dark stories. Only the week before students had
placed a cherry bomb in a frog and detonated it in the biology lab.
Needless to say, the turnover rate amongst the staff was high, and
Virginia Smith was hoping that this year would be her first and
last year there. 
 
	This particular morning she was trying to teach her English
class the history of an obscure poem when she happened to notice
one of her students reading a pornographic magazine, trying to hide
it behind the covers of his notebook. She walked back to his desk
and grabbed the magazine away from him. Immediately the boy began
to cuss her out, warning her that her "pretty little body" would
pay for what she had done. He then stomped out of the room,
slamming the door behind him and breaking its glass. 
 
	A half-hour later the final bell for the day sounded and the
students quickly left. Virginia Smith threw a few papers into her
desk drawer and then noticed that the magazine she had taken from
the student was still in the desk. She glanced through the
magazine, then dropped it into the wastebasket. How, she wondered,
could students this young be so intensely interested in sex? She
admitted to herself that she loved good bed action as much as
anyone, but these students were simply too young to be exposed to
all the temptations sex could bring. They should still be enjoying
the things of childhood, not concerned about having sex with
everyone they could. 
 
	She picked up her purse and walked to the door, avoiding the
piles of potato chip bags and cookie wrappers on the floor. She
turned off the room light and stepped into the hallway, shutting
the door behind her. 
 
	Most of the lights in the corridor had long ago ceased to
work, the shabby building showing its lack of maintenance over the
years. As she walked down the hallway she seemed to hear a low,
breathing sound coming from the dimly lit lockers. She stopped for
a second and looked around but saw no one. She went a little
further down the hall when suddenly the locker doors on both sides
of her opened violently. Long green tentacles reached out of the
lockers, grabbing her and raising her horizontally off the floor.
A smell of as of something long dead filled the hallway, nearly
gagging her with its strength. She screamed and struggled to
escape, but she could not loosen the hold of the tentacles on her
body. 
 
	Soon more tentacles, this time slightly smaller, reached out
from the lockers and began to tear at her clothes, ripping them off
and letting the pieces drop to the floor. She jerked her body as
hard as she could to try and escape, but to no avail. Slowly, two
of the tentacles began to move over the surface of her body, then
up and over her admittedly large and well-shaped breasts. They
fastened upon her nipples and began a sucking action, sending a
wave of pleasure mixed with nausea through the young teacher. The
putrid odor that first came from the lockers was quickly being
replaced by a new odor of a strange, flowery smell. At the same
time, some of the tentacles began to ooze liquid that quickly
soaked into her smooth skin. She began to be torn between panic and
a growing sexual arousal brought about by the liquid and the odor.
Her mind was determined not to surrender, but her body was
demanding that she give in to the sexual pleasure she was
experiencing. 
 
	Still more tentacles came from the lockers, fastening with the
others upon her legs, forcing them slightly apart. Then one lone
tentacle moved across her thighs and between her legs, quickly
penetrating her moist vagina. She was now frantic, realizing she
was nearing a sexual climax and was losing all abilities to resist
the probing and kneading of the tentacles. 
 
	Then, just as her hips began arching upwards in preparation
for sexual release, she spotted the student she had taken the
magazine from. He stood watching, a leer upon his face, enjoying
the sight of her body writing in sexual pleasure. 
 
	As her body responded in ever-increasing strength to the
stimulating effects of the tentacles and their aids, her eyes
became half-glazed with sexual abandon. She looked at the student
again, suddenly wanting the feel of his body against hers. But as
she watched a change came over him. Small horns began to appear on
his head. His face altered, becoming longer and drawn-looking. He
took off his shirt, shoes and socks, and then removed his pants.
Soon his enormous phallus appeared, swollen and red with
excitement. His smile grew even wilder. 
 
	"Think I don't know what sex is, teach? I learned long ago how
to call on certain powers to increase my sexual fun, and my friend
there is a result of my work. He's going to keep playing with your
body until you die of pleasure, but you'll die smiling", he said
as he began to play with himself. 
 
	Virginia Smith made a final, vain attempt to break free, but
only succeeded in increasing even more the wave of pleasure racing
through her body. Tentacles continued to kneed her breasts, her
nipples now swollen with excitement as her breasts bounced with the
writhing of her body. While the one tentacle continued to fuck her,
another penetrated her anus, sending yet another sharp feeling of
pleasure through her body. As she broke into a continuous series
of orgasms she heard his final words over her moans of pleasure.

	"You always said I was a little devil, didn't you!"


