                             ROOM AT THE TOP 
                                BY 
                               R. J. MOORE 
 
 
       President  of  Taylor  Incorporated  ,  Elle  Moore,  was introducing the
candidates to the chairwoman  of  the  board,  Bella.  She was using first names
only.
    "One at a time ladies. This is one of our vice presidents, Eda."
A six foot one inch ash-blond came into the executive conference room.
In her early  forties  she  still  had  the  striking  beauty  of her youth only
enhanced by maturity. A full bodied woman with hazel eyes , and a regal figure.
   " Vice president of our engineering division,Gail".
    A five four petite woman  came  in. In her mid thirties she had a slim waist
and athletic build. She still had  the  great legs of a former semi-professional
ballet dancer.A light brunette ,hair shaded  more towards red. She took her seat
glancing at Elle with her pale blue eyes.
        "This is a senior  engineer  in  our  engineering  division,  Dana."
She was a slim  tall  five  foot  ten,  her  dark  brown  hair to her shoulders.
China blue eyes set in an angular  face.  She sat down and crossed slim athletic
legs.
    "Senior attorney in our law division, Grace."
     Dark  brown  eyes  ,long  coal  black  hair, a consummate Latin beauty with
olive skin. In her mid twenties she too had an athletic figure though unlike the
other three  women,with  their  perfectly  proportioned  breasts,  her  bust was
generous.
      The  four  women  looked  superb  in  their  chic business suits. Just the
right amount of makeup.  Sophisticated,  well  educated sharp career executives.
Elle began. "I think you all know  chairwoman  Bella. As you ladies know you are
here today to take advantage  of  you  achievements.  To  make a quantum leap in
management. The founder of  this  firm  ,  Hattie  Taylor, wished to honor those
who had given good service to  the  company  by  rewarding them with a chance to
attain their next carrier  step quickly. However she was a strange women and the
process is unusual."
    She glanced around  the  table,  " you have shown yourselves to be ruthless
without bound in the attainment  of  your  position  and you actions of the last
year have shown how far  you  would go to  attain  more power in the company."
Speaking to Bella she explained," Eda  conceived  a plan to eliminate one of our
competitors , with the help  or  Gail  and Dana they engineered a disastrous
chemical spill that cost the lives  of  ten thousand people, then through clever
legal maneuvering broke the financial back of this competitor, even got some the
claims money for us."
    Turning  her  lined  face  towards  the ladies Bella addressed them,"yes and
now each of you will have a chance  to  advance. Eda to President of the Board ,
Gail to Executive Vice President  and  Grace  and Dana to Presidents of your
respective divisions. However since the  terms  of  the  ordeal you are about to
undertake are so unusual , and will  undoubted  cost the life of at least one of
you if not all, I must ask if  you  have read the terms of the agreement and the
detailed statement of each of your tasks that have been written up for you." 
    She looked  at  each  of  the  women  in turn , getting agreement from each.
Inwardly she knew each thought that what  was about to happen was crazy. She had
to admire their  avarice,  what  they  were  about  to  undertake  was crude and
probably not to the liking of such refined women. 
    "Good, what you  have  done  for  the  company to now you have done with you
brains, but now it will take  athletic  ability  and intellect to proceed, it is
quite dangerous , so good luck." 
    Ellie said, "If  that  is  your  agreement  then go to your rooms and change
into the clothes provided and meet us  in the testing chamber in the basement in
one hour." 
    When they met  again  they  were  in  a modest sized auditorium. There was a
stage divided into three sections. In the middle was a large transparent tank of
water. To the right a  strange  cage  with  an  terraced incline, on each of the
terraces something dark moved. To the left was a simple set of three ropes , two
longer ones attached to a winch  system  in  the  ceiling  , and the third was a
noose. In front of the stage was a  circle of six hooded nude men in chairs with
their hands tied behind their backs. 
    Ellie  spoke."Each  of  you  know  in  detail  what  your ordeal will be but
here we have brought all together  for  the  first time. Eda who is striving for
the most, though each of  you  will  have  your  own  task  you will help her by
providing sexual stimulation for the men." 
    Continuing "Eda  's  task  will  be  to  give  a  fellatio to six men in one
hour, she must bring each to climax with flowing semen. If not, she will receive
a lethal electric shock  exactly  one  hour  after starting."Now ladies take you
places." 
      While  the  women  got  onto  the  stage  the  eager  guys in the audience
watched. Grace took here position first.  She  was  now dressed in a white  full
white peasant skirt with fringe and inlaid  leather high heel  boots. She wore a
low cut white blouse buttoned up the front. the tops of her substantial mahogany
breasts showing. The skirt was  cinched  with  a  silver and turquoise belt. She
wore her hair loose at her shoulders  , flat silver earrings showed through coal
black hair. She took her position  by  the ropes. A muscular male attendant came
forward one placed the ropes  about  her  booted  ankles and the noose about her
long neck. She reached over her  head  with  both hands and grasped the rope. As
the rope was drawn taught she kept the  rope from chocking her by drawing up her
body weight with her arms. She was confident she could endure for an hour. 
    Meanwhile Gail was  being  placed  in  the cage with the snakes. She was
dressed as a in light  blue  formal  ballroom  dress with plunging neckline. She
wore her hair up pinned into place  with  a  silver clasp. The full skirt of the
dress descended to just above her  ankles  and  a pair of satin open toed formal
high heels. A simple set of pearls around her neck was elegant above the tops of
her creamy fair-skinned breasts.  Her  arms  attired  in long light blue evening
gloves. She looked with discomfort from the top of the first incline. Before her
lay about eight feet of steep roughened  carpeted slope ending on a flat terrace
which was solid with snakes. They were vicious aggressive poisonous elapide like
Black Mambas, Kraits, Taipans and Cobras. They were held to the terrace by a six
inch high finely barbed fence across  the  edge of the flat landing. Beyond this
was another terrace which ended at floor level with another expanse of snakes to
be  crossed  before  reaching  a  door  which  would  be  unlocked  for  a hour.
Gail knew she would have  to  proceed  slowly  it  would be disaster to lose
balance and tumble into a pile of snakes. 
    Dana was being  prepared  for  water  tank. The proud brunette was wearing a
thin white turtle neck sweater,  she  was  braless  and  the nipples of her firm
young breasts pushed lasciviously  against  the  thin  material. She wore a full
black and white checkered cotton  skirt  cinched  at  the waist with a wide dark
leather belt and  a smart pair of black high heeled pumps which had small straps
that encircled her ankles and buckled. Her  hair was drawn back in pony tail and
held  with  a  white  scarf.  She  sported  a  pair  of  white  button earrings.
She had been handcuffed with her  arms  over  her head and now the attendant was
fastening a releasable clamp into the  manacles on her wrists. The attached rope
ran up to the ceiling to a  winch  and  was  now being powered up. She was being
lifted slowly from the floor. Dana  was  thinking  about the ankle straps on the
shoes. Since her task was to tread  water for an hour while being handcuffed her
was hoping that she would be able to  kick  off the shoes. She could not do that
now. 
    While the other  three  women  were  being prepared Eda was allowed to get a
bit of a head start in enticing the men. She was still wearing her two piece tan
business  suit  with  the  smart  ruffled  blouse  and  matching  tan  bow  tie.
She sat on the edge of the stage in front of the men. She slowly lifted her left
leg and rested  the  long  high  heel  of  her  brown  pump  on  the edge of the
stage. This caused the hem  of  her  skirt  to  slowly  rise above her knee. She
teased the men with a view up her  long tan stockinged legs. They could see past
the gartered stocking top to a  pair  of  peach colored panties. The eyes of the
men were on her she  was  getting  some  interest from them.By scooting back and
them forward the material of her skirt and brown lace trimmed slip bunched above
a pair of smooth ample thighs  ,  the  straps  of her garters impressed into the
skin. The straps disappeared beneath the  thin  panties. She was able to get the
skirt and slip finally above top of her  panties were the top of the brown satin
garter belt showed. The men exhibited  interest.  She noticed from Ellie that it
was about time to start.  She  stood  up  and    slowly slid out skirt and slip.
Carefully rolled the thin panties down and  off  of her long nylon clad legs and
kicked them off her shoes. She  removed  her  brown jacket , blouse and tie. She
was wearing a beige merry widow waist cincher. Stretching her arms over her head
she was able to tease her  breasts  out  of  the bra cups the pink nipples stood
stiff in the  cool  air.  She  was  wearing  now  only  her corset ,gartered tan
hosiery, light brown high heels ,a  gold  chain necklace and matching gold chain
bracelet.
    Pretty hot  stuff  for  such  a  cultured lady, Elle thought to herself, she
was sure Eda  felt  some  discomfiture  ,  but  she  was  a   covetous lady too.
As a male attendant handcuffed Eda,Elle said,  "You  will , as you know, only be
able  to  use  your  mouth  to  bring  these  men  to  climax  and  try  not  to
electrocute one if you time runs out."
    Eda did  not  look  amused.  The  attendant came forward with two long wires
and attached alligator clips  to  the  hardened  nipples. She winched briefly in
pain. Crude but effective she thought. She  put it out her mind and bent towards
the crotch of the  first  man.  Elle  added ,"there are medical attendants,those
alive at the end of an hour but in need will be helped. Now we may began." 
    Dana had been hoisted to above the surface of the water in the ten foot deep
water tank.  As  she  was  now  being  lowered  the  high  heels  of black pumps
pierced the surface of  the  water.The  full    cotton  skirt and a lace trimmed
petticoat spread out on the water  on  the  water like a lily pad. She gradually
went down giving a slow  sensual  revelation  of her legs. Nicely turned ankles,
slim calves , refined knees , trim but full thighs, the tops of tightly gartered
grey tone stockings, white  garter  straps  against  fair skin vanishing under a
pair of dip-front white cotton bikinis which now became translucent in the water
revealing the rest of the  garter  belt  beneath  the  panties and a triangle of
curly brunette pubic hair. She was  released  from hoist cable, she dipped under
the water for a second but came up strongly treading water.
    Dana was  embarrassed.  She  had  never  shown  off her legs to men this was
before. And the men were appreciating her.  From the bottom of her high heels to
top of her white garter belt  she  was  a beautiful picture of well muscled slim
legs and lingerie. The soft  action  of  the  water  seemed to mold her skin and
enhance the beauty of her legs 
    Meanwhile  the  ropes  had  become  taught  and Grace's booted feet came off
the floor. Now she had to  put  some  muscle  into keeping the rope from choking
her. She felt confident she could support her weight this was while the angle of
her legs increased. Her legs were also  drawn apart at about a forty five degree
angle and she had to fight against a tendency to twist on the ropes. 
     Gail  had  decided  the  only  way  to  negotiate the first incline was
feet first. She figured she would deal  with the terrace full of snakes when she
got there.She sat down  and  began  scooting  down  the steep incline her gloved
hands overhead, flat, to ease  the  way  down.  This caused her some chagrin too
because now the friction between the  carpeting  on the incline caused her skirt
and frothy slip to retreat up her legs. She could see some of the men ogling the
well rounded musculature of a  dancers  limbs  enhanced by blue tone nylons. She
was half way down  the  incline  before  skirts  were  completely  bunched above
tightly gartered hosiery, sublime thighs and  tight powder blue half briefs with
a blue grater belt visible through the material. 
    Eda knew  the  men  were  aware  that these cosmopolitan ladies they watched
had never displayed their charms this  way  before.  She was having an easy time
with the first guy. Her tongue laved  the underside of his cock. She twisted her
head rotating her lips around  the  top  of  the organ, she could feel stiffness
increasing. She did not have a  lot  of  experience  in this but she was a smart
lady and could figure out how to arouse a man. 
          She  drove  down  on the guys dick impelling it to back of her throat.
Her chin lightly touching his balls. She could feel the quaver of his excitement
the hot love  fluid  was  rising.  Arching  his  groin  he  came,the thick juice
coursing to  back of her throat.   She suppressed a retch and let the fluid flow
from the corners of her mouth to  show  her  success. She milked him to the last
squirt and pulled back and looked  at  the  wall clock. Six minutes, not bad but
she would liked to have gone faster. 
    Dana floated  with  ease,  her  abashment  about her exposed legs and undies
was less now. She even took some amusement in the leg-show for the men. She knew
that she had great legs and as  she  slowly  rotated in the water she showed off
their  well  curved  musculature   enhanced   by   sheen   of  the  wet  nylons.
She noticed the  coolness  of  the  water  on  her  body.  Colder than she would
have liked. She could feel  a  slight  amount  of numbness creeping on her feet.
Soon she  felt  she  would  have  to  tread  more  vigorously  water  to improve
circulation. She did not  like  this  for  she  was  hoping to float to conserve
energy. Now the hem of  the  skirt  became  heavier with water and floated down.
Since this confined her motion in the  water she wished she could rid herself of
the skirt. She did this by neatly catching  a  high heel in the hem of the skirt
and petticoats. Shoving  downwards  the  two  garments  tore  form her waist and
floated free. She looked even prettier in her wet turtleneck and hosiery.
    Gail had  reached  the  plane  of  the  first tier. She had let her high
heels down careful to the flat surface.  She  was  still flat on her back on the
incline. The bunched up skirt and  petticoats  made  it hard for her to see were
she was putting her feet. She felt  terribly exposed putting her bared legs that
near to dangerous snakes. Her strategy was now to stand and walk to edge of this
tier as gingerly as possible.
     She was able to  arc  her  back and stand up. The full skirt of the evening
dress discreetly covering her legs again.  She  picked her way though a writhing
mass  of  elapide.  A  skillful  lass,she   did  not  disturb  a  one  of  them.
Reaching the other edge were she needed to start down the continued incline, she
encountered a problem. The small spiney fence that keep the first tier of snakes
confined now made sitting down on the incline surface difficult.She made it with
effort. However the hem of her long skirt and petticoats became entangled in the
wire. She was caught  only  three  quarters  over  the  edge  of the terrace the
material of her dress ensnared back  underneath  her. Her head almost resting on
the small wire fence. She made no notice this time of the total exposure of legs
and lingerie. The bundle of caught  skirts  almost at her arm pits was hindering
any progress.
     Craning  her  neck  she  reached  back  to  work with the snagged material.
Digging in her heels and arcing her back  she was able to tear part of petticoat
off. In the process she caused her  high  peaked breasts to lurch from under the
top the  dress.  Pink  aureoles  and  stiff  red  nipples  gradually escaped the
distressed neckline. The material caught  taught beneath her breasts leaving the
exquisite mounds fully uncovered.  Gail  could  feel  something on her arms.
Struggling, she had not noticed  a  large  Taipan  had  decided to use her as an
avenue of escape from the terrace.  She  at  once lay still. The snake slithered
over her head and down her body. Down her outstretched left leg. It looked as if
it was going to  exit  down  the  slope  but  it  seemed  to change its mind and
reversed its  direction.  It  coiled  underneath  her  leg  and  advanced upward
spiraling around the outstretched limb. She  could feel the movement through the
fabric of the her hose. Finally the  scaled  body tracing along the flesh of her
inner thigh. The head rose up above her  crotch. She stared at it , she had been
cool up to now but her  body  stiffened  at  the sight of the venomous head. The
Taipan sensed this and became  alert.  Then triggered by an unintentional twitch
in Gail's leg, it  struck.  It  sent  fangs  though  the thin fabric of blue
panties into her mound of Venus and  pumped its poison. Gail arched her back
and twisted involuntarily.  The snake disengaged and tumbled down the slope. 
    Eda   was  working  on  man  number  three while Gail was undergoing her
difficulty with  the  snake.  The  sight  of  the  reptile  entwining  about her
attractive leg seem to excite him.  Eda  was  just scraping the tip of his stiff
member with her teeth and tongue  as  the  snake  struck it venomous blow at the
juncture of Gail legs. The guy  sighed  and  let out heated cum, it splashed
off her front teeth.
    Eda glanced  at  the  clock  ,  thirty  minutes , she thought. Three more to
go . She was a little  disappointed  she  had  not gone faster. The clips on the
tips of breasts caused a numb pain that now annoyed her. 
    The  cold  water  in  the  tank  had  finally motivated Dana to tread water.
She slowly scissored her shapely legs. It  was  a bit difficult , the high heels
hampered and the full-fashioned hose was not help in keeping her limbs warm. 
       At  thirty  five  minutes  Grace  was  holding  out  well. The continuing
increase in the incline of her  legs  was now past horizontal and increasing. It
was her turn for discomfiture,for the lace trimmed skirt hem retreated gradually
over her well-proportioned legs reveling  bone white stockings against tan skin.
When the angle became large enough the white skirt and wide cotton slip gathered
at her waist. A pink garter belt  with  dainty  bow trim held up the tops of the
white nylons. Over these were  a  cute  pair  of lace trimmed pink string bikini
panties. A hint of raven pubic hair crinkled the fabric.
    The  strain  of  the  weight  of  her  body  accentuated the firm muscles of
flat belly and handsome legs.  She  had  supported  her weight with her arms for
more than thirty minutes now. She now  noticed that the flood lights on her were
a little hot. Sweat was  beginning  to  stand  on  her brow. She realized that a
little more had been added to the trial. She now began to curse the hot lights.                                                        
    Gail  had  regained  calm.  Her  movement  caused  by the snake bite had
torn her free from the small wire fence.  Tatters of the bottom of her skirt and
petticoat were caught there.  She looked  down at her pubic area, she could just
see four small rips  in the  fabric,  stained slightly with blood and venom. She
felt no pain there but she knew she must get to the medical help. She glanced at
the clock, nearly thirty minutes had passed.
    This incline was  longer  and  steeper.  She tried to move more quickly. The
bandanna of skirt and petticoat beneath her impeded her. She did not even notice
when the friction of the carpet against  the seat of her panties caused too much
stress on the material. The holes in  the  fabric made by the snake became rips.
Finally the crotch of the panties  tore completely out only the elastic legbands
encircling her thighs. The cute blue  garter  belt framed the curls of her light
brown pubic hair. She had a prominent patch which traced lightly up to her belly
button. But she was beyond embarrassment at  the disclosure of her twat. She was
beginning to get sick. 
    Dana was  beginning  to  suffer  the  first stages of hypothermia as she was
now a little drowsy. The heavy manacles  tended  to  pull her arms down.  As she
moved her legs to keep up her circulation she noticed something funny. The water
had taken the elastic out  of  her  underwear.  The elastic in the waistband had
decomposed in the water. Another  annoyance  by  the perpetrators of this trial,
she thought.
        The  waist  band  of  the  panties  drifted  down  making  the underwear
inverted, unveiling a triangle  of  brunette  hair  bordered by the white garter
belt. Drifting downward hesitatingly this  made  a wispy hindrance  constricting
her thighs. She tried tearing the  material  by moving her legs but though light
it was tough.    Now  she  did  not  care  about  abashment  ,  the material was
constricting  her movements, so she would have to work them off. 
    The  first  thing  she  noticed  was excessive salivation and then abdominal
pains. It was  five  minutes  past  the  Taipan  bite.  Gail's composure was
slipping.
    She  had  finally  reached  the  bottom  of the second incline and carefully
put a foot down on the level  surface.  She rested, her intent to thread her way
on foot through the snakes  as  before.  She  was  drowsy,  she had a feeling of
thickened tongue and difficulty in swallowing.
     Painfully  she  got  the  other  foot  down  but  now  as she tried to push
upright the high heels slipped from under  her  and she slid off the edge of the
incline her bare rump landing on the  floor.  She sat there one leg with knee up
and the other flat. Her legs wide apart. She watched in horror as several snakes
shifted over her legs.
    She lay  with  her  head  back  on  the  incline  and her arms with the long
gloves outstretched on  either  side.  Her  firm  perfectly proportioned breasts
upthrust. A Mamba curled up between her open  thighs.  It weaved in front of her
face for a moment. A small twitch  in  her body seemed to irritate it and sprang
upwards sinking fangs in her left breast.
      Below  a  small  Krait  was  making  passage  underneath  the strap on her
garter belt. As she  started  at  the  Mamba  strike  it drove deadly teeth into
graceful inner  thigh.  At  Gail's  new  thrashings  the  snakes withdrew in
confusion. Her vision was blurring and her respiration was labored. She began to
go into convulsions. 
    Eda had been having  a  hard  time  with man number four but now she noticed
a quickened stiffness in his prick. She sensed he was watching something. Out of
the corner of her eye she could see Gail's death throes. The guy was excited
pushing his hard organ to the back her mouth.  Come on and die lady she thought. 
    Gail's  movements  were  completely  involuntary  now. She rolled in the
snakes and they swarmed on her. A Cobra was impailed into a shapely buttock. She
pitched her breasts as  scaled  bodies  crossed  her  flat stomach. A few snakes
entwined her graceful stocking clad  legs.  She  raised  her hips in spasm after
spasm. She sustained  bite  after  bite.    Mewling  sounds became croaks. Drool
leaked from her mouth. For several  minutes  her nearly nude body thrashed among
the snakes. She rolled in the snakes.  She  came to rest on her back the bottoms
of her satin high heels scooting against the floor with last death twitches. 
    Gail's arms fell  back  as  she  died. She lay there legs spread eagled,
nipples pointed upwards. The remainder of  her  skirt and slip up underneath her
breasts. Her panties circled her  just  above  her belly button just the tatters
attached to the waist band. Her tongue  lolled out of her mouth, attractive eyes
staring in death. 
    The surprise  on  her  face  ,wide  open pale blue eyes, her still beautiful
charms framed in tattered dress, her  dancers legs and pert breasts displayed in
death now excited guy four  to  loosen  his  cum  in  Eda mouth. He convulsed in
joyful spasms, squirting down the back of her throat.
    Eda moved to  the  next  guy,  he  he has already hard, the last display had
excited him. As her mouth closed over  his  cock  she winched in the pain of her
sore neck muscles. She hoped  one  of  the  women  behind  her was about to meet
Gail's fate. 
    She was about  to  get  her  wish  for Grace was now in trouble. After forty
five minutes of feeling strong  she  was loosing her grip. Gail's thrashings
and sounds of dying had unnerved her.  The  heat of the lamps has causing her to
sweat. The blouse was so soaked  that  it  was translucent now her ample breasts
almost revealed by the wet material.
      Her  legs  were  now  almost  at  forty  five  degrees  from the vertical.
Perspiration ran down the white hose  and  made rivulets on the dusky expanse of
her thighs. The bikinis were sodden with sweat.       Her hands were wet and the
rope was wet.
    She lost the hold  of  left  hand.  This caused her to twist over face down.
The apparatus that held her booted  feet  up rotated in compensation leaving her
still with legs spread but now she faced  the  floor but with her arms in a more
awkward position.
    She was able to  get  hold  with  her left hand again. Her breasts pushed so
hard against the cloth of the  ruffled  blouse  that the top four buttons popped
off. The open v-front gradually widened first  nutbrown nipples slipped out then
both breasts rolled unrestricted out of her blouse.
         Her   back   and   shoulders   muscles   ached  unmercifully.  She  had
uncontrollable tremors in her arms. She  could feel the noose indolently tighten
on her windpipe.  She  broke  long  nails  trying  to  keep  her  grip. She made
desperate whimpers. Finally one hand then the  next slipped off the rope and she
could not get purchase again. 
    Eda could feel the  guys  enthusiasm  in the stiffness of his prick. She was
aware of the something happening to one the the other women but she did not have
time to look. She sucked and licked trying to get the man to discharge 
    Like  some  wanton  bird  Grace  kicked  and  twisted. Supported only by the
ropes on her boots and the knot about her neck. Her face a mask of dread , veins
standing out  at  her  temples.  Slender  stockinged  legs  lurched and generous
breasts surged as she made a weak effort to grasp the rope again. 
    The rope  crushed  into  her  trachea.  Her tongue protruded and bloody foam
welled from her mouth as she tried to suck precious air. Death spasms rippled in
the muscles of her gorgeous slim legs.  In a shudder that ran along the body and
with a the sound of a death rattle  from her throat she stilled. Her lovely dark
brown eyes staring in tortured exhausted amazement. 
    Watching a beautiful  young  woman  die  like that was almost enough for man
number four. But the loss body function capped it as urine bubbled from the lady
coursing though the fabric to the  panties running down her almost inverted body
it dripped from the tips of her breasts . His belly tightened and feverish fluid
filled Eda's mouth. 
    Dana had worked  the  panties  down  far  enough that she could get her left
foot out of them. They caught on her  right shoe making a dainty flag that moved
back and forth with her movements.   But  the effort tired her and the water now
seemed frigid. She was having trouble concentrating.
    She blacked  out  for  a  second  and  took  a breath of water. This chocked
her. This revived her but  now  she  could  not  keep  her head above water. Her
attractive face took on a  look  of  desperation.  The  muscles in her neck were
corded. She shook her head from side to side in defiance of her fate.  She began
thrashing her  trim  legs  she  screamed  but  these  quickly  became incoherent
gurgling sounds. Vivacious breasts  thrust  against  the  thin  cloth of the wet
turtleneck sweater. This went on  for  about five minutes her movements becoming
uncontrolled. As she finally died she still  tried to tread water but only death
tremors ran along her pretty athletic  legs.  She  began to sink. The hem of the
inverted skirt and petticoat floating up  to  near her chin. Exquisite blue eyes
blindly gazing in painful incredulity. 
    The sixth man  was  hard  as  a  brick. Eda knew that he was watching Dana's
last moments. She smoothed her lips in the sensitive tip of his cock. She felt a
thrust of his hips. She moved back sure  the guy was about to have a climax. She
looked at the clock, good lord five  seconds  left , she had lost track of time.
She looked at the guy pleadingly  .  A  bead  of  seamen stood at the top of his
organ. Come on you bastard lets have it, she thought. 
    The current was low  in  amperage  but  very high in voltage. She was on her
knees but now she rocked back on her legs,still upright. The electricity pouring
into her breasts made them vibrate  in  a  carnal dance. She writhed in agony as
the amperage increased and coursed in  her.  Jaws clinched. She jerked her head,
the semen that streaked  her  face  flew  off  in  droplets. Tiny wisps of smoke
curled for the clips on her stiff nipples. She danced on her knees like this for
about two minutes. Then the current went off. 
    Still sitting on her  knees  she  seemed  to be trying to take a breath. The
gorgeous face was contorted in death. Her hazel eyes open in astonishment at her
failure. For a few seconds she  waved  her  breasts  from side to side. Then she
pitched head down into the man's  lap.  She  rested  face down on the guys cock.
This was the last stimulus for him.  Pleased he had not been shocked and excited
by the erotic demises around him he shot a  bus-load of cum onto her face. It
coursed onto her face in thick creamy streamers, matting her eyelashes.
Eda then slid off the man's lap and pitched face first on the floor. 
    Dana's body had been resting  head  down  at  the  bottom  of the tank , the
heavy handcuffs causing her  to  be  inverted.  Her  pony  tail and the drifting
panties caught on her right shoe waltzed  in unison. Her skirt had drifted up to
cover her legs. But now the  attendant  had  gotten a cable loop around her left
ankle. Pulling the body from the tank   the skirts sweep back reveling the young
woman's comely nylon clad legs again.   The attendant brought her suspended body
down to floor level. Water dripping from the pony tail. Blue eyes transfixed. 
    She was the last to be checked  by the medical attendant. He made his report
to  Elle and Bella. "All four are dead," he said. 
     "Well ,   we  will  have  to  wait  for the next crop before we can retire,
Bella."
    She nodded  to  the  three  attendants. She ,Bella and the medical attendant
left the room.
    The attendants released the six men and led them from room. 
    When they came back the one  who  was  attending Grace cut the rope that was
around her neck. She swung down upside  down the frayed end of the rope brushing
the floor.  He  too  was  excited  by  watching  a  attractive  young  woman die
painfully. He  pressed  his  hands  along  Grace's  sweaty thighs and rolled the
waist band of her  abbreviated  panties  back  until  it  made a thin nylon band
halfway between the juncture of  her  legs  and  her  knees. He lowered her just
enough so the black thatch of her  pussy  was  right in his face. He got out his
hard prick and eased it to her open mouth, his balls bumping on her pretty nose.
Her dead brown eyes stared into the guys crotch. 
    The attendants with Dana  saw  this  and  became  worked  up. He lowered the
woman's body to  the  floor  and  placed  her  on  her  back.  The wet skirt and
petticoat were wound around her waist. He  took off his shorts and squatted over
her gorgeous slim legs. He pulled her sweater until it passed  upwards revealing pert breasts, pink nipples still hard from the  cold. He placed his cock between them pushed the mounds together and moved back and forth. 
    Grace was being screwed in the  face  with  abandon. The guys face buried in
her crotch, his hands between  her  garters  kneading buttocks. He came in great
thrusting convulsions. His cream filled her  dead mouth. When he pulled back the
thick juice ran over her upper lip into her nose, over her staring eyes dripping
off the long strands of black hair. 
    The guy with Dana kept  himself  excited  by  looking at her beautiful dead
face, comely blue eyes transfixed. The  top  of his hard dick bumped against the
bottom of her chin. When he finally hit  his  climax his cum leapt from him it a
thick strand that landed diagonally  across  Dana's patrician face. Pearly fluid
accumulated in the hollow of her throat. 
    They placed cable loops on a foot of each of the ladies and hoisted them up.
The  cables were affixed to tracks  in  the ceiling. The four women were yet not
rigid with rigor  mortus  yet.  In  their  disheveled  clothes, breasts bouncing
indecently and the glint  harsh  light  on  sheer  hosiery, they made an obscene
procession as they were conveyed out of the room. 
    That night the attendants had fun  teasing  the crocodiles in their pit with
the  bodies of tasty career ladies. 

