			ROOM MATES
			   by 
		      Mark E. Dassad





The suffocating weight of the boy straddling her torso lifted for a
moment as he loosened his jeans to let his cock free. 

"Let me go!"  Maria shrieked, as the hand over her mouth was released
to let its owner's penis free.

"Shut up and suck me, ya little slut."

A hard penis slid into her mouth; she gagged, tried to scream as she
felt another set of hands pulling her shoes and socks off.  She kicked,
struggled furiously to prevent her dis-robing. 

The boy in her mouth abruptly pulled out, sat back down on her ribcage,
her breasts between his thighs, knocking the wind out of her, as his
friend took the opportunity to yank Maria's jeans all the way off. 

"Quit fighting it ya little whore, you know you want it," the boy
pinning her to the bed grinned into Maria's contorted face.  Still
sitting on her, he pulled his jeans and underwear completely off, tossed
them over the side of the bed.  He began slapping her face, fascinated
by the way her head snapped from side to side, aroused by the harsh
sound of flesh-on-flesh impact, back and forth, harder and harder,
mesmerized by his handprints appearing for a moment on her cheeks,
fading almost instantly into a bruising, brilliant red. 

She felt fingers enter her, through the ringing in her head, then
something cold, and hard.  Her breasts hurt, Eddie, he'd said his name
was Eddie, in the bar.  Her blouse had been ripped open, one of the
sleeves torn off.  He'd cut her bra off with a pocket-knife, and now his
strong hands were squeezing her breasts, his hard penis fucking into the
tunnel he formed out of the sensitive tissue.  They were laughing, all
around her, through the stifling hot pain suffusing her face, his
room-mates, and Eddie, the one on top of her.  House-mates, room-mates.
She'd picked up the cute one, Eddie, the one tit-fucking her right this
very minute, in The Tavern, where all the cool college kids hung out,
she and her friends always cruised the place on Saturday nights, they
weren't real conscientous about ID's there, and hers was an expensive
fake.  It was _so_ cool to date a college boy, show up at the prom with
someone who was old enough to buy booze, had his own car. 

She shrieked as the hard thing inside her slammed painfully into her
cervix, diverting her attention from her tortured breasts. 

"Shit man Joey, don't use her up with that fucking beer bottle," one of
the room-mates swore.

"Yeah man, I'd rather damage her with _this_..." The third room-mate
squeezed his swollen crotch through dirty gray sweatpants. 

"Fuck..." Eddie was rocking furiously between the breasts he held
squashed around his throbbing cock, greasing the tunnel of flesh with
pre-cum... "Nice... ungh..."

Maria felt a slippery spurt of semen splash the underside of her chin;
she twisted her head away from the stream that landed on her cheek,
another spurt dribbling in her ear, thick streamers spraying into her
hair.  She sobbed weakly, feeling the hard cold bottle moving inside her
cunt. 

"Nice fuckin' tits," Eddie grunted appreciatively, rubbing his softening
cock in the canyon between Maria's breasts as he continued to squeeze
and maul them in the aftermath of his orgasm. 

"Wop chicks have the best fuckin' tits," he declared, high-fiving the
room-mate "Speed" who'd been complaining about Joey's use of Maria's
cunt, accepted the beer that the dick-squeezer, Chris, had been holding
for him.  Eddie climbed off Maria's body, shaking a final dribble of cum
onto her face, gulping down his beer, and wandered out of his bedroom. 

Joey pulled the beer-bottle from Maria's cunt, lowered his shorts, and
crawled up her body, thrusting his cock into her in one easy stroke.

"condoms!" she squeaked, horribly frightened.  "... my pocket book..."

Joey continued fucking Maria.

"We're not faggots, I don't have aids, and I'm _not_ usin' a fucking
rubber."

Not happening, she decided it wasn't really happening.  Except he was
there, in her face, damp beery breath mixed with anchovy pizza stink
making her eyes burn, his tongue trying to work it's way into her mouth,
pimply pock-marked face hanging over her.  And the pain, the burning,
tearing pain as his prick sawed its way back and forth, inside her,
"down there"...  and the laughter, she couldn't bear the fact that they
were watching her getting fucked, _waiting_ for their turn.  _Laughing_. 

"Just loosening ya up a little with that bottle," Joey whispered in
Maria's ear, his pimpled butt undulating, working his cock in her tight
young cunt, licking her face, mashing his smelly t-shirted chest against
her ample breasts.  He grabbed her tits, lurched on top of her, crushing
her.  Some primitive part of her psyche realized her arms were free and
reached around his back, up under his shirt, raking bloody scratch marks
into his flesh. 

Joey howled, a primitive, animal howl of rage.  He pulled his dick out
of Maria, grabbed her arms, pinned her hands above her head, flopped
back down on top of her and savagely re-penetrated, slamming his dick
into her as hard and as deep and as painfully as he could, their pubic
bones colliding, he fucked brutally, butt flashing, hurting her with his
cock.  Maria shrieked, wailing franticly each time his dickhead pounded
into her cervix... 

"YEAH!" the two remaining room-mates woofed in unison at Joey's frenzied
fucking.  He grunted each time he slammed into Maria, sucking and biting
at her mouth as she screamed around his probing tongue. 

"Bang the fuckin' bitch!" Chris pulled at his swollen cock through his
boxers, grinned at Speed.

"Fuckin' do 'er" Speed agreed, eyes shining as he yanked himself, fucked
his hips in time with his room-mate's humping. 

Joey came quickly, too excited to hold off his orgasm, biting, clawing,
scratching at Maria's tits, fucking wildly.  Maria felt warm sticky
semen fill her vagina and experienced a disturbing sense of relief as it
coated her raw interior.  Welcome lubrication for the next dick she was
sure would be inside her soon.  She lay passively, staring at the
cracked plaster in the ceiling, as Joey climbed off of her and Chris
mounted her.  She winced as he pushed roughly into her, tears streaming
down the swollen bruised sides of her face where Eddie had slapped her.
A vague sensation of hands squeezing her breasts, a mouth in her face,
biting her, a cock working in her cunt, a sticky, itchy wetness between
her legs, an occasional sharp jab of pain deep inside as he fucked too
hard, too deep. 

After a while, she realized the second room-mate must've finished.
Someone was punching her thigh, trying to get her to roll over, hands
grabbed her shoulders, she was on her belly.  The words "pony ride"
filtered down into her consciousness.  At least she wouldn't be face to
face with the last room-mate... he was pulling on her hips, he must be
wanting to do her doggie-style, she'd read about that in one of her older
sister's dirty books...

"Little dago slut's gettin' into it," Eddie smirked, watching as Speed
pulled Maria to her knees.  He and Joey had wandered back into his
bedroom when Chris had finished, Speed always put on a good show, it was
just the thing to fire up everyone's dick for seconds. 

Maria's head drooped, thick curly blue-black hair completely covering
her face, waiting resignedly for the fourth dick of the evening to poke
into her, praying only to be finished, desperate to go home to the
safety of her parent's house and sit in a hot bath for the rest of the
weekend, boil their scum off her body, bleach herself clean again.  Her
head snapped up in surprise at the pressure on her anus; she shrieked in
agony as Speed's cock popped through the tight ring of her virgin
butthole. 

"Crank the fuckin' music!" Speed grunted, clutching Maria's butt-cheeks
as he forced his dick into her asshole.  She shrieked and twisted as his
vaseline coated rod filled her shit-hole, loud, painful grinding metal
music made her head ring but couldn't begin to block out the horrible
agony of  a fat cock splitting her ass in two.

A desperate need to dislodge the horrible pole sliding painfully in her
rectum panicked Maria; she twisted her hips, shrieked, as Speed grabbed
her hips, fucked harder.  He started beating a rhythm on her buttocks as
he rode her, smacking a deep red handprint in her right thigh as he
savagely slammed his cock into her, slapping her left thigh even harder
as he pulled his prick nearly out. 

"Yeah, fuck, the slut really loves it!"  Chris bellowed at Joey over
the stereo,  "lookit how she's squirmin' around on his pole."

"Virgin butt-slut!" Eddie howled, stroking dick as he watched his friend
sodomize the girl he'd picked up.  "Lookit her bleed, man, virgin butt!"
Too excited to contain himself, he climbed onto the bed to join the
action. 

Maria screamed non-stop, her throat raw.  A dick slipped into her mouth,
Eddie was slapping her face again, pulling her hair, stuffing a long,
thick cock down her throat, as Speed continued to vigorously rape her
asshole.  She couldn't breathe, the pain was unbearable, eternal,
non-stop agony.  For a brief few seconds, the monster in her butt was
removed, the cock left her mouth, she took the opportunity to breathe,
forgetting to scream, till another hard pole was rammed up her
crap-hole, and a soft, filthy, bloody cock slapped against her mouth. 

She gagged at the slippery, shit-cum-blood-and-vaseline coated ...
_thing_ in her mouth, shook her head franticly trying to avoid the
horrid thing, laughter, loud ugly laughter everywhere, he seemed
content to rub it around her face, wipe it off in her hair...

Time did funny things.  She was on her back again, staring blindly at
the ceiling, moaning, as cocks entered her, she lost track of who,
where, how many times.  She was on her belly, sometimes it hurt worse
than others, one of them was really big...  it hurt, it didn't hurt,
and the laughter.

Through it all, the laughing...  High-fiving, barking and woofing when
one of them got epsecially brutally creative.  And the cum, on her
_face_, in her mouth, as she stared unseeing into their grinning,
lust-contorted faces. 

She lay for a long time after they were finally done with her, their
body fluids drying on her surface, leaking out her cunt and asshole, lay
fetally, wondering if she could leave, go home?  She had to get home in
time for Mass, it was suddenly desperately important to get home and
get some sleep so she could go to the nine o'clock service with her
parents and sisters and brother.

Her jeans lay in a crumpled heap on the floor near the foot of Eddie's
bed, next to her pocket-book.  Her underpants were ruined, torn from her
body, someone had used them to wipe up their cum.  She pulled her jeans
on, her fingers working clumsily at the zipper, she winced as the rough
seam rubbed against her sore, well-used twat and chafed her bloodied,
loose and leaking anal sphincter.  She felt their fluids leaking from
her cunt, pooling in the crotch of her jeans, as she sat upright,
staring dumbly at the useless remains of her bra, her torn shirt, one
sleeve missing, the buttons torn off.  Her sneakers lay near the foot of
the bed, she couldn't find her socks. 

Maria stumbled bow-legged into the living room, where Eddie and his
room-mates sat drinking beer and watching TV.  Sockless, sneakers
untied, wearing only her skin-tight jeans, pocket-book tucked under one
armpit, crossed arms unsuccessfully trying to hide her full, C-cup tits.
Hair matted with dried cum, face swollen from being slapped, she was a
sorry sight. 

"I need to go home,"  she announced meekly.  

Eddie turned to look at the high-school chick he'd bagged.  Fucking
amazing tits, allright.  His room-mates stayed glued to the tube,
uninterested in Maria since popping their last load in her. 

"So go," he shrugged, turning back to the late-night monster movie on
the tube.

"I don't have a shirt..."  she whispered.

Eddie grinned around his beer bottle.  He knew he couldn't shove her out
the door shirtless.  He peeled off the smelly, threadbare half-tee he
was wearing and tossed it at her. 

Maria caught the filthy shirt and stared dumbly at it.

"You can keep it," Eddie offered generously, glancing sideways at Joey,
who was grinning.  "It'll remind you of our date."

Maria pulled the shirt on, tugging vainly at the bottom.  As large as
her breasts were, the shirt stuck out straight in front of her, only
just covering her breasts.  She clamped her hands over the front, trying
to hold the bottom edge down over her breasts, and stood for a while as
the boys continued watching the movie. 

"Can I have a ride?"  she asked sniffled timidly.

"I don't have enough gas to get you home," Eddie grunted, not turning to
look at her. 

Maria stood uncertainly for a while longer, until Eddie sighed,
irritated. 

"You got money for a cab?"  he demanded.

"How much is a cab?"  she asked.

"How the fuck should I know, where do you live??" he snapped.  Jesus
this was what came with porking high-school chicks, you practically had
to tie their fucking shoes for them afterwards. 

"North Ridge".

"Shit, ten bucks, plus tip.  Can you cover that?" he asked. 

Maria nodded, biting her lower lip, unbidden tears beginning to leak out
of her face. 

"Joey, go call her a cab."

"Phone's disconnected," Chris grunted.  Speed had apparently crashed and
was snoring loudly, sprawled face down in the middle of the floor. 

"Give her a quarter to make a phone call down at the gas station,"
Eddie ordered Chris.

"Fuck you, she's your date," Chris grunted, not turning away from the
movie. 

Eddie sighed, dug into his jeans pocket and flipped a quarter that
landed at Maria's feet.  She stood staring dumbly at the coin. 

"There's a Chevron two blocks down, on Chester.  They got a pay phone.
You just go left from here, can't miss it." He idly picked his nose, his
attention focussed on the TV. 

Maria picked the quarter up, walked carefully out the front door, the
ancient metal screen clanging shut behind her, laughter exloding on
impact. 

"Man I swear to God that bitch was _really_ walkin' bow-legged!" Chris
gasped between peals of laughter. 

"I guess we fucked _that_ little slut raw," Joey agreed
whole-heartedly. 

"Yeah, she was _definitely_ cruising for a proper plugging," Eddie
joined in.  "You know how it is with those little high-school chicks you
pick up at The Tavern, horny little cock-suckers looking for a big hot
college pole in their juicy little cunts."

"Think she'll make it home ok?"  Chris asked distractedly, already
absorbed in the movie again.

"In _this_ neighborhood??"  Joey howled.

"Shit she'll be lucky if she only gets porked a couple more times by the
time she makes it to the gas station," Eddie speculated. 

"Hey, ain't that phone busted??" Chris suddenly remembered.  "I been
using the one at the laundromat, I thought the gas station phone was
busted..."

Eddie stared at Joey, Joey stared at Chris.

"You really out of gas?"  Joey asked Eddie.

"Fu-uck," was Eddie's reply. 

Peals of raucous laughter filled the early morning darkness.


	    *   *   *  E N D  *   *   *
