ROSANNA'S DIARY

A tale of lesbianism and submission by Racecar


	Rosanna Wilkes is a 20 year old female living in a large 
metropolitan area of the Northeast.  Having earned an 
Associates degree from a small junior college in upstate New 
York, she relocated to the city and obtained employment as a 
pool secretary with a large advertising firm.  What follows are 
excerpts from her personal diary.

Sunday, March 24, 1991

	I broke up with Joel last night.  That bastard!  During the 
4 years we've been going together, I've given him everything, 
including my virginity, only to find out he's been having affairs 
with other girls since day 1.  I was just another "lay" to him.  To 
think of the many nights I would lie in bed and dream of marrying 
him and what a marvelous life we would have together.  I could 
kill him.  I never want to see the son of a bitch again!  I'll get 
over him.  It should be easy.  Whenever I think of his cheating 
on me, I despise him.  The shit!  Starting tomorrow, I'm going to 
channel all my energy towards my job and career.  I really do 
like the work and at least it offers a future.

Tuesday, March 26, 1991

	I made a new friend today.  She's not really new.  I've 
known her and talked to her ever since I started working at 
Dorcey & Scalpini.  Her name is Linda and she works in the 
same pool as I.  She saw me sitting alone at lunch and came 
over to my table and sat down with me.  We had a good time.  
She broke up with her boyfriend last year.  It seems he was 
doing the same to her that Joel was doing to me.  For the life of 
me, I don't know why any man would cheat on her.  She's 
beautiful.  I mean, she's got a great body and has such a pretty 
face with the biggest brown eyes.  And her complexion is 
perfect!  Although she's only a little over 5', she could be a 
model for a magazine.  I think her old boy friend must be either 
blind or stupid.  Men!  Anyway, she's real nice and seemed 
sincere and really understanding about what I'm going through.  
I like her.  We're gonna be "lunch mates" from now on.  I'm glad.  
She's been at D & S a lot longer than I and has the number 1 
position in the pool, which means she's next in line to move up 
to being a real secretary.  I hope it's not soon.  I just got to know 
her and don't want her transferred so soon, but, in a way, I wish 
her the best.  She's promised to help me out on the job and 
swore that if she ever did get promoted, she'd put in a good 
word for me with all the higher ups.  She's so sweet.

Friday, March 29, 1991



	Linda and I went to see a movie tonight.  We had a 
great time.  In fact, I can't remember having such a good time.  
Afterwards, we went to this little coffee house and drank 
expresso and talked for hours.  She's such a good friend.  The 
best!  We decided that we would have dinner out and do 
something else together every Friday from now on.  I'm looking 
forward to next week already.

Thursday, April 4, 1991

	Didn't see Linda at lunch again today.  She called to 
explain that she's been assigned to some new account rep and 
has been really busy.  She said she wouldn't be able to make 
lunch again tomorrow.  Drat!  Oh, well.  She did promise to meet 
me tomorrow night for dinner.  I don't know what it is but I miss 
talking with her at lunch.  Everyone else is so occupied with their 
boyfriend or husband or kids, etc. that I really get bored listening 
to them.  Linda and I have so much in common.  We think alike 
as well as enjoy the same things.  I can't believe I only met her a 
week ago and already miss her when I don't see her for a day.  I 
guess I'm just stir crazy.

Friday, April 5, 1991

	  I finally got to see Linda again.  She told me she had 
been so busy at work.  It seems she's been assigned to Miss 
Jenkins who just got promoted to Sr. Account Rep and has been 
trying to impress all the brass.  Linda says she's been real nice 
to her, but that she's real strict and demanding.  It sounds as 
though Linda enjoys working for her, though.  I wish I could get 
an assignment that would keep me busy all day.  My day seems 
to drag by.  

	Anyway, we had a great time.  First It was dinner at 
Max's and then drinks at The Speakeasy, a cozy little getaway 
with a quiet jazz combo playing live music.  It was a perfect 
place to sit and chat.  I could imagine how nice it would be for 
lovers to spend an evening there.  We just talked about anything 
that came up.  Towards the end of the evening, we both started 
talking about our ex's and how hard it was to break up.  When I 
started talking about Joel, I started to get all teary-eyed.  Linda 
reached across the table and put her hand on mine.  It felt so 
comforting and assuring, and she felt so sympathetic.  She 
really is a good friend.  One thing bothers me, however.  After 
drinks we shared a cab.   My place was the first stop and when 
the cab stopped in front of my building, Linda walked me to the 
door.  I started to apologize for being such a jerk and crying like 
that over drinks, but she just threw her arms around me and 
gave me a big hug.  A funny, pleasant, feeling came over me 
and I began to hug her back.  I felt so at peace with her hugging 
me like that and I told her so.  She stood on tiptoes and gave me 
a kiss - right on the lips.  Of course, I returned the kiss.  It felt 
good.  Maybe it was my imagination, but I could swear I felt her 
tongue run across my closed lips as she kissed me.  I'm sure it 
was nothing, but I can't help thinking about it and wondering.  
Afterwards, I invited her up for a night cap but she refused, 
saying she had to get up early and do some homework for Miss 
Jenkins.  So, I mean, if she were "funny" you'd think she'd jump 
at the chance to come up for a drink.  I think that maybe I'm just 
paranoid.  I'm not used to being treated so nicely, and she really 
is a sweetheart.  I'm sure it was my imagination.

Saturday, April 6, 1991

	    Didn't sleep well last night.  Couldn't stop thinking 
about Linda's kiss and the feeling it gave me.  Today my 
thoughts were mostly of linda.  I  wonder what it would be like to 
make love to another woman.  Those thoughts embarrass me to 
no end, but they keep coming back.  Like a bad dream that 
never really goes away.  The idea of my having a lesbian 
relationship upsets me but I still can't help but think about it.  
Maybe I'm making to much of this whole thing.  After all, it was 
just an innocent hug and kiss to help console me.  Or was it?

Thursday, April 11, 1991

	Missed Linda at lunch all week.  She says she's been to 
damn busy typing letters, answering phones and helping Miss 
Jenkins put campaign proposals together.  She said she would 
have to cancel tomorrow evening's night out because she had to 
work late finishing up this big proposal Miss Jenkins had to 
present on Monday.  I suggested that we order Pizza's and I'd 
come up to her office after work and give her a hand.  She said 
that would be great and thanked me for the kind offer.  Actually, 
I just want to see her again.  I have to prove to myself that being 
alone with her doesn't bother me.  When I hung up the phone, I 
noticed I was all wet down there.  I don't know what has 
happened to me.  I think I've got to find a boyfriend somewhere.  
Trouble is, I don't seem to get excited when thinking about boys 
anymore.  I think I'm actually becoming obsessed with Linda.  
God help me.

Saturday, April 13, 1991

	Sorry I didn't write yesterday.  Got done at the office so 
late, I just crashed when I got home.  I have something very 
important to say.  I think I'm in love.  Yes, with Linda.  I am, I'm 
sure.  I feel so ashamed writing this.  I just can't help myself any 
longer.  She's so nice and understanding.  I just feel so good 
being with her.  Like it's my own little place in the World.  No 
harm could come to me when I'm with her.  I think about nothing 
else but the moment.  I really can't put into words the way I feel 
when Linda and I are together.  We've only really met two weeks 
ago and it seems like I've known her forever - like she were a 
part of me.

	Last night we were in her office late.  We had an 
account file spread out all over the floor and were lying on the 
floor, shoes off like a couple of school girls going through teen 
magazines,  matching the pictures with the right documents  and 
trying to get everything in the right order.  Suddenly I felt 
something on my foot.  It felt like a bug at first.  I looked behind 
me and say Linda running the nail of her index finger ever so 
lightly up my foot and ankle and back down again.  I watched 
her delicate hand as it gently traced the outline of my stocking 
covered foot and lower calf.  I thought I would swoon.  When 
she noticed me looking, Linda got startled and pulled her hand 
back quickly.  I asked, no begged, her not to stop.  I pleaded 
with her to go on, telling her how much I liked it.  She said she 
couldn't and that she didn't think I could handle any more at this 
time.  I almost got on my knees begging her to go on.  She 
looked edgy and said that she could finish up the little work that 
was left and that I had better go home.  I felt the tears come to 
my eyes and my face turning red with embarrassment.  I left her 
at the office and came home.  In bed, I  masturbated thinking 
about the incident until I fell asleep.

	This morning I couldn't look at myself in the mirror.  I 
was so ashamed.  I worried that my foolishness might have cost 
me the best friend I ever had.   I called Linda at home and woke 
her up just to apologize.  I was so relieved when she said not to 
worry about what happened.  She said that I was probably too 
tired from working so late and that my mind was not thinking 
straight.  I agreed, but knew better.  At this minute, I would do 
anything to be back in that office under the same circumstances.  
I'm so confused.

Tuesday, April 16, 1991

	Linda called this morning to tell me that Miss Jenkins 
got the contract on the account that we had worked on Friday.  
Miss Jenkins thanked her for such an excellent job and Linda 
said she told Miss Jenkins how I had volunteered to help.  Linda 
said that Miss Jenkins was impressed and that she may ask for 
me to help on a new portfolio she's putting together.  This just 
may be my big chance.  Besides getting out of the pool, I'd be 
working with Linda everyday.  I'm so excited.

Thursday, April 18, 1991

	I GOT THE CALL!  Miss Jenkins called the pool and 
asked specifically for me today.  She's no at all like I had 
pictured.  I had an image of her being an old lady with a sour 
puss and straight hair, tied in a bun, and with glasses.  Actually, 
she's beautiful.  She's only in her early 30's at most and has 
pretty blonde hair that curls over her shoulders.  Her body can 
only be described as voluptuous!  I can see why she's so 
successful.  I mean, it would be hard for any man to say no to 
her. 

	Anyway, we started working on this proposal for a large 
account that Miss Jenkins is trying to get to switch over to D & S.  
She said the project would take about 3 weeks and that I would 
be working for her every day until it was finished.  Great, huh?  
Not only is she a good looking woman, she's nice to work for, 
but she does demand a lot.  I don't mind - it's fun.

Friday, April 19, 1991

	Linda and I went out to dinner and drinks again this 
week.  Nothing really exciting happened.  I wanted so much to 
tell her how I felt about her, but couldn't find the words.  
Sometimes, when our eyes met, I thought I noticed a look that 
said she felt the same about me.  I'm sure I detected something 
more than friendship.  Someday it will happen, and when it does, 
I know it'll be just wonderful - for both of us.  Until that time, I'm 
just going to have to be content just seeing her every day.

Thursday, May 2, 1991

	We are way behind schedule on putting this portfolio 
together for Miss Jenkins upcoming proposal.  As a result, Miss 
Jenkins suggested that the 3 of us spend the weekend together 
at her cabin upstate and work until we get it done.  Linda and I 
jumped at the chance.  It'll be nice to get away from the city for a 
while.  It's still a little cold outside to be wondering around the 
woods, but we'll be in the cabin working anyway.  We're leaving 
right from work tomorrow and should get there late at night.  I'm 
looking forward to spending the weekend with Linda.

Sunday, May 5, 1991

	We finished up the portfolio for Miss Jenkins early this 
afternoon and got back to the city before 7.  I never worked so 
hard, for such a long time, in my life.  At times I thought Miss 
Jenkins was a real slave driver, but then I realized that this work 
had to be done if she had any chance of getting this account.  
On the drive home, Miss Jenkins said that if she got this 
account, she would need an assistant and that she would 
request that Linda be given the job.  Then she said that if Linda 
got to be her assistant, she would try to bypass procedure and 
make sure that I got Linda's job as her secretary.  That would be 
great!  More money and a permanent job in Linda's office.  We 
were both excited about the prospects.  I hope she gets it.

	Something strange did happen last night, though.  I 
woke up in the middle of the night to the sounds of someone 
crying and moaning.  Then I heard another voice, a very stern 
voice, say something followed by what sounded like someone 
being slapped.  I could swear it was Linda crying and I tiptoed to 
her room to see if she were all right.  I looked in and she wasn't 
there!   By this time the house had become real quiet so I 
quickly shut the door and ran back to my room.  I didn't hear any 
more noises that night.  I mentioned it to Linda this morning 
before Miss Jenkins was awake and she said that she had a bad 
dream and had woke up crying.  When I told her that I went to 
her room and she wasn't there, she got all red in the face and 
started stuttering that she was so frightened, she crawled into 
the closed and went back to sleep.  I still think something fishy 
happened but just let it drop.  Linda seemed all right the rest of 
the day.

Wednesday, May 8, 1991

	I felt really hurt today.  Miss Jenkins took Linda to lunch 
today and they were gone the entire afternoon, getting back to 
the office just before quitting time.  When I asked Linda about it, 
she just said that they were discussing future plans and that she 
had promised Miss Jenkins that she wouldn't say a word to 
anyone about what they discussed.  I would think that she could 
have at least confided in me. her best friend, but she was 
adamant about not discussing it any further.

Friday, May 10, 1991

	Linda and I went to an early movie and then had dinner 
afterwards.  After dinner, while we were just sitting, sipping our 
coffee and talking, I told Linda that I liked her an awful lot and 
that I had a special feeling towards her.  It was a very difficult 
thing for me to do.  Revealing your innermost feelings to another 
person is hard enough but when you love that person, and that 
person is the same sex as you, well, you can imagine.  She 
placed her hand over mind and, with tears in her eyes, said that 
she felt the same about me.  I was elated.  Then she dropped 
the bomb.

	Linda told me that our relationship could never be 
anymore than what it is.  When I asked why, she explained that 
she had a "special" relationship with Miss Jenkins.  She went on 
to say that she didn't feel the same about Miss Jenkins as she 
does about me (I was relieved), but that, nonetheless, it was a 
relationship and it would keep us from being more than just 
friends.  When I pressed her about why she couldn't break off 
with Miss Jenkins, Linda began sobbing and admitted to me that 
she had become Miss Jenkins sex slave.  She said that Miss 
Jenkins used her to satisfy her twisted needs and that she had 
to be available to her whenever those needs had to be filled.  I 
didn't know what to say to the poor girl.  I just wanted to take her 
in my arms and comfort her until her tears went away.  I quickly 
summoned the waiter, paid our tab and held Linda's arm to 
steady her as we departed the restaurant.  Once outside, I 
hailed a cab and insisted that Linda come to my place for warm 
drink.  She offered no resistance and we were soon at the table 
sipping a hot cup of tea.

	I urged Linda to go on with her story and to explain how 
this all got started and why she couldn't end it.  I suggested, 
rather naively, that she should appeal to Miss Jenkins' sense of 
compassion in attempting to break off the relationship.  I know 
now that would have been of no use.  What she told me was 
appalling.  Linda told me that before she became Miss Jenkins' 
secretary, she was barely making it on her salary (a fact that I 
can well appreciate) and was just about to call it quits and go 
crawling home to her parents.  When she got the job, and the 
ensuing raise in pay, it provided her with the means to not only 
go on, but to improve her quality of life.  Somehow Miss Jenkins 
must have realized this because during the first week of Linda's 
new position, Miss Jenkins made it clear that Linda would do as 
she was told or be fired.  Miss Jenkins would always find some 
small mistake or flaw with Linda's work and would threaten her 
with dismissal.  Finally, Linda was called into Miss Jenkins' 
office and told to lock the door behind her and to stand in front 
of Miss Jenkins desk.  Miss Jenkins went on listing all of Linda's 
faults and shortcomings and ended by saying that it was a 
shame because Linda had so much potential and could go very 
far in the company if she had the discipline and will power to do 
so.  If she lacked that, Miss Jenkins explained, then she would 
be terminated.  Of course Linda pleaded with Miss Jenkins to 
not fire her, saying that she would try hard and do everything 
Miss Jenkins wanted.  Then Miss Jenkins told Linda that she 
would consider keeping her on, but only if she would 
demonstrate her willingness to change by doing anything Miss 
Jenkins told her to do, no matter what.  Linda graciously agreed.

	At this point, Linda started crying again and this time I 
got up from the table and walked over to her, cradling her head 
against my stomach to help soothe her mind.  She said that she 
had agreed to the proposal not only because of the money, but 
that she liked me so much that she was afraid if she got fired 
that she wouldn't see me again.  It made me feel so good 
hearing her say she felt that way about me that I started to cry 
with her.  Before I knew what had happened, Linda stood up and 
put her arms around my neck and pulled my head to hers.  I 
don't recall exactly how, or when, but we both wound up in my 
bed, our mouths locked onto each others and our hands busy 
tearing the other's clothes off.  The moments that followed were 
the most spiritual moments in my life.  We explored each other's 
bodies with hands, eyes, mouths, whatever part of us that was 
not already occupied.  We drank each other's nectar and 
inhaled each other's soul.  We were one.  For those brief 
moments, I was on Heaven's doorstep, oblivious to all other 
worlds.  We fell asleep with arms and legs entwined - at peace 
with all.

Saturday, May 11, 1991

	I awoke before Linda this morning and had breakfast 
ready when she got out of bed and stumbled into the kitchen.  
We were both a little apprehensive about discussing the events 
of last night.  During breakfast Linda started to go into more 
detail about her situation with Miss Jenkins.  She seemed to 
speak about it a little more easily today and didn't cry at all.

	After Linda had agreed to Miss Jenkins terms, Miss 
Jenkins told her to remove all her clothing.  Right then, right in 
her office.  Linda said she was afraid someone might see, but 
didn't know what to do.  She removed all her clothing and stood 
naked before Miss Jenkins eyes.  Up to this moment Linda had 
never had any sexual contact of a lesbian nature and was 
thoroughly frightened about it.  Miss Jenkins had Linda spread 
her legs while she walked around her and examined her entire 
body, front and back.  Her hands pried and fingers probed 
Linda's vagina as well as mouth and rear end.  Linda said she 
had never been so humiliated in all her life.  Miss Jenkins told 
her bend over and hold her ankles while keeping her legs 
spread.  Linda did so while Miss Jenkins inserted a vibrator into 
her and began working it in and out for a few moments.  She 
then made Linda lick it clean.  How disgusting!  She then told 
Linda she would not be allowed to wear any kind of underwear 
any longer.  She would always have her body available to Miss 
Jenkins at any time.  She was then told to put her clothing, sans 
underwear, back on and to get back to worth.  Before the end of 
the day, she was to write Miss Jenkins a letter in which she was 
to give Miss Jenkins permission to use her body at any time and 
in any way she saw fit.  Linda was to also write what pleased her 
most sexually and what parts of her body were most erogenous.  
In addition, she was to tell Miss Jenkins how she would use her 
hands and mouth to provide Miss Jenkins with pleasure.  This 
letter was to be at least 5 pages long and had to contain explicit 
language and detail.  Linda was to report back to Miss Jenkins 
at 5 o'clock with the letter typed, and signed.  As soon as she 
entered Miss Jenkins, she was to lock the door and remove all 
her clothing again.

	Linda went on to describe some of the things that went 
on later that day as well as subsequent meetings with Miss 
Jenkins.  It became evident to me that the reason Linda wasn't 
available for lunch most times was due to these sexual trysts 
with Miss Jenkins.  While she was explaining all these details to 
me, I felt sorry for her, but I also became very aroused.  I 
reached over to stroke Linda's exposed thigh and when my hand 
brushed her vagina, I learned that she had also became very 
aroused.  As you may imagine, we both would up back in the 
bed for another round of bliss.  The entire day was spent with 
Linda telling of her adventures until we both became aroused 
again and fell back into a lover's embrace.  I have never been so 
sexually, or spiritually, pleased in my entire life.  I worry again 
about what is happening to me.

Tuesday, May 14, 1991

	Linda called today to tell me that Miss Jenkins had sold 
her latest prospect on making  D & S their new advertising firm.  
It was a huge account and the partners had hinted that, if she 
kept up the way she was going, Miss Jenkins would almost 
certainly be offered a vice-presidency.  Linda said Miss Jenkins 
would be back in the office tomorrow so I shouldn't expect her 
for lunch.  I felt a little disappointed, but realized that she had to 
do what she was told.  I wanted to ask her if Miss Jenkins 
mentioned anything about a promotion for herself and calling me 
up from the pool to be the new secretary, but I didn't want to 
seem self-centered at the time so I just let it ride.  Que, sera .....

Friday, May 17, 1991

	Big day, today.  First of all, my supervisor advised me 
that I had an interview with Miss Jenkins on Monday morning.  
I'm to report to Miss Jenkins' office the first thing on Monday and 
interview with her for a full secretarial position.  I have mixed 
emotions.  I'm really excited at the prospects of getting out of the 
pool and working full time with Linda - not to mention the pretty 
big pay increase.  At the same time, I'm worried about what Miss 
Jenkins expects of me.  I don't know if I would be able to do the 
same things for her that Linda does .  I thought of the 
possibilities of my becoming Miss Jenkins' personal servant ever 
since Linda told me of her plight.  I always get excited when 
thinking about it, but I always tell myself that I would be much to 
embarrassed to actually perform those acts.  Maybe I'm ahead 
of myself.  Maybe Miss Jenkins doesn't want me as another 
servant.  After all, she already has Linda.  I'm nervous as hell 
about that interview and know that I won't get a moment's rest all 
weekend just worrying about it.

	After I got that news, Linda called and canceled out 
night out.  She said Miss Jenkins did not want her talking to me 
until after the interview.  Damn her!  Anyway, we'll get to see a 
lot more of each other once I get that promotion.  Listen to me.  
I've not even had the interview and I'm already talking as though 
I'm a shoe-in.  

Monday, May 20, 1991

	I had my interview with Miss Jenkins today.  I have 
never been so humiliated in my life!  I got the job, but I'm not 
sure I really want it.  What I should say is, I'm not sure I can deal 
with all the "extras" that are required of me.  Let me explain.

	When I first arrived at work, Linda greeted me with a 
hug and paged Miss Jenkins to let her know I was there.  As 
Linda escorted me into Miss Jenkins' private office, she wished 
me luck and stated how happy she was that I was given this 
chance.  She said it meant a lot to her that she would have a 
friend to lean on when she needed it.  I felt a bit sorry for her 
knowing what she was going through and assured her that I 
would try my damnedest to please Miss Jenkins.  I had no idea 
what I was in for.

	Once inside Miss Jenkins' Office, Linda, at Miss 
Jenkins' request, locked the door and sat down on the sofa 
against the far wall opposite Miss Jenkins' desk.  I was directed 
to Miss Jenkins' desk and took a seat in a chair right in front of 
her.  She began the interview by saying how grateful she was for 
my help in the past and thought that I would do well working with 
her.  She explained how lucky I was to get this opportunity and 
how she had to pull a lot of strings to pass over more senior girls 
in the pool in order to offer the position to me.  She said she 
demanded a lot from her people, but she always rewarded their 
good work handsomely.  She also said poor work was dealt with 
very sternly.  I, of course, kept thanking her and telling her how 
much I appreciated her efforts and that I was aware of what a 
great opportunity this was for me and that I would do my best to 
please her.  When I said that, her eyes opened wide and the 
conversation changed drastically.

	At that point in the conversation, Miss Jenkins informed 
me that she knew Linda had told me of their "special" 
relationship and asked if I were willing to demonstrate the same 
amount of loyalty and respect to her.  I didn't know what to say 
at first.  My mind was spinning so fast.  I looked down at my 
hands, which I noticed were nervously rubbing each other in my 
lap, and mumbled that I would.  Miss Jenkins then informed me 
that she put me to the test and ordered me to stand up and 
remove all my clothing.  I was flabbergasted!  I was on the verge 
of walking out of the office and saying "fuck you" to her but, for 
some reason, meekly stood and began undressing.  I attempted 
to glance back at Linda, but was sternly admonished to keep my 
eyes forward and to quit delaying and get on with it.  Like a lamb 
being lead to a slaughterhouse, I did as directed.  When I was 
completely naked, Miss Jenkins ordered me to come around the 
desk and stand next to her so that she may "inspect the goods".  
I was totally embarrassed, but complied.  

	I was told to stand with my legs spread wide and my 
hands under my breasts, lifting them up as if offering them on a 
platter.  As I stared straight ahead at the wall, I felt like I was a 
piece of beef awaiting a diner's approval.  I felt Miss Jenkins 
spreading my vagina and inserting a finger into it.  She worked it 
in a out a few times then laughed when she noticed how wet I 
was becoming then withdrew it completely and held it up for me 
to see excited and juicy I was.  I was glowing red when she then 
put the finger to my lips and ordered me to lick it clean.  Again I 
complied without hesitation.  I watched as Miss Jenkins opened 
her desk draw and took out a rubber glove, like they use in the 
doctor's office, and put it on the hand she had used in my 
vagina.  After spreading some KY Jelly on the first two fingers of 
the glove, she instructed me to turn around, bend over and to 
spread my cheeks.  I knew what was coming and felt frightened 
and totally humiliated.  As I turned to do as she wished, I noticed 
Linda sitting on the sofa and looking at me.  When our eyes met, 
Linda smiled slightly and nodded her head.  I could tell she was 
trying to assure me that everything was all right and I should do 
as told.  The sight of her caused me to have mixed emotions.  I 
was embarrassed to have her witness my degradation like this 
but, at the same time, felt comforted knowing she was there. I 
cannot find the words to describe the feeling I had when I felt 
Miss Jenkins' fingers entering my ass.  The pain was intense, 
but it felt so good that I didn't want it to stop.  Miss Jenkins kept 
working her fingers in and out and laughed as I moaned and 
began to move my hips back against her hand.

	Miss Jenkins withdrew her fingers and ordered me to 
assume my original position.  When I had done so, she stood up 
pinched each of my nipples very hard between her thumb and 
forefingers while exclaiming that she felt I was going to fit in 
here very well.  She then began asking me the most 
embarrassing questions.  "How many times did I have sex with a 
boy?" Several.   "How many boys have I had sex with?"  Just 
one.  "Have I ever performed oral sex on a boy?"  Yes.  "Did I 
like the taste of a penis?"  Yes.  "Did I enjoy having a boy come 
in my mouth?"  Yes.  "Did I swallow it and, if so, did I like the 
taste?" Yes to both.  "Have I ever had anal sex with a boy?"  
Never.  "Do I masturbate?"  Occasionally.  "How often?"  Maybe 
twice a month.  "Describe how you masturbate.  What do you 
use?"  I just use my hands and rub my vagina until I have an 
orgasm.  "Do you ever masturbate anally?"  No.  "Have you ever 
had sex with another woman?"  Yes.  "How many times?"  Once.  
"Did you enjoy it?"  Yes.   "Did you perform oral sex on her?"  
Yes. 

	Throughout the questioning, Miss Jenkins rubbed and 
pinched my nipples between her fingers.  I felt the blood rushing 
to my face as I blushed greater with each answer.  I was to 
ashamed to look directly at either Miss Jenkins or Linda.  I just 
faced straight ahead and looked over Miss Jenkins' shoulder at 
the wall.  I could feel my vagina getting very wet and that 
embarrassed me further.  I hoped that neither Miss Jenkins or 
Linda would notice.  The questions continued.

	"What do you think about while you masturbate?"  
Having sex.  "What kind of sex?  With a man or a woman?"  
Both.  It depends on the moment.  Lately, I've been fantasizing 
about sex with a woman.  "Good.  Do you like to lick a woman's 
vagina?"  Y...yes.  "Do you like the taste of a woman's juices?"  
Yes.  "Did you like the taste of your vaginal juices?"  Y...yes.  
"Have you ever put your fingers in your mouth or lick them after 
you were finished masturbating?"  No.  "Would you like to taste 
your juices again now?"  I ... I ... I'm not sure.  "Try it.  Put some 
fingers in your pussy and work them around until they are good 
and wet then put them in your mouth and suck and lick them 
clean."  Miss Jenkins released my nipples and sat down to 
watch as I moved my hand between my spread legs and worked 
two fingers in and out of my vagina.  I was surprised at how wet I 
was.  I don't ever recall being that wet before.  Before I had time 
to climax, Miss Jenkins told me to stop and clean my finger off 
with my tongue.  I hesitated, embarrassed by having to do this in 
front of her and Linda, but did as I was told.  "Do you still like the 
taste?"  Yes.  "Good.  You may assume your original position 
again." 

	Miss Jenkins told me how pleased she was with my 
obedience and that additional, even more severe, demands 
would be put on me.  She asked if I were still willing to take the 
job.  After I answered affirmatively, she went on to explain that I 
was to obey her every command and that I should be prepared 
to do so at any moment, on or off the job.  I was never to wear 
any underclothing to the office or whenever she was present.  
When she was not present, Linda was in charge and I would 
have to do whatever Linda desired of me.  She suggested that 
perhaps Linda and I might even share an apartment to make 
things more convenient for all of us and asked Linda if that were 
agreeable with her.  Linda said she thought it was an excellent 
suggestion and that she would be more than happy to have me 
as a room mate.  I felt elated when I heard Linda say that.  I had 
often thought of asking her about doing just that, but was never 
sure how she might react.  To show my gratitude to Linda for 
agreeing to having me as a room mate, I was instructed to crawl 
over to her on all fours, lift her dress, and kiss her ass.  Miss 
Jenkins added that she expected the kiss to be long and 
probing.  I had never done such a thing in my life but did as 
instructed.  Once the initial revulsion was over, I rather enjoyed 
it.  I love Linda greatly and this display of my love gave me 
satisfaction.

	I was then informed that I would spend the rest of the 
day in "special training".  I was to crawl under Miss Jenkins desk 
and service her with my tongue until quitting time.  I was to lick 
every part of her from her waist down to the end of her toes.  I 
would not be allowed to stand or walk for the rest of the day.  I 
needn't tell you I was horrified.  I could feel the tears in my eyes 
as I crawled away from Linda and positioned myself under Miss 
Jenkins desk between her legs.  On command, my tongue 
began licking every part of her.  When she became bored, she 
would reposition herself so that my tongue would have access to 
another part of her body - including her ass.  During the 
remainder of the day, I felt humiliation, revulsion, despair and - 
excitement.  I don't know what has come over me.  As disgusting 
as it was, I was thoroughly excited, sexually, by licking this 
woman.    As I sit writing this, I am almost overcome by the urge 
to masturbate and lick my fingers after doing so.  I wonder if I'm 
going crazy.

Tuesday, May 21, 1991

	I was almost to embarrassed to go to work today.  
Having to show my face to Linda and Miss Jenkins after what 
took place yesterday was almost to much for me to bear.  I did 
go however.  When I arrived, Linda showed me my desk and 
where all the files, supplies and such were kept.  She explained 
what my duties were and just general office procedures.  We 
talked about moving in together and agreed that Linda's place, 
being much larger than mine, would be best.  She's going to 
help me move in this weekend.  When Miss Jenkins arrived, she 
just said hello and went to her office as if nothing happened 
yesterday.  The morning seemed to go by very quickly and by 
lunch, I was settled in and pushing out the work as though I had 
the job forever.  It was thoroughly enjoyable.

	At noon, Miss Jenkins took Linda to lunch while I was 
left to "mind the store."  When they returned, almost two hours 
later, I went on my lunch break.   Following lunch, Linda told me 
that Miss Jenkins wanted to see me in private.  I braced myself 
for the worst and went into her office.  She started by giving me 
a bunch of files and telling me to start working on a proposal for 
this new prospect.  It had to be completed within 2 weeks.  We 
went over the details together and everything went along just 
fine - like 2 business women discussing business.  As I was 
about to leave, Miss Jenkins told me to lift my dress and show 
her my pussy.  I did so.  She then told me I was to shave off all 
my pubic hair tonight and that I should keep it shaved.  I assured 
her that I would.  She expressed her pleasure over the fact 
Linda and I had already made plans to move in together and 
said she had given Linda instructions concerning our "special 
arrangement".  She dismissed me saying Linda would go over 
the instructions, and I should do whatever she said.  I just said I 
would do so and returned to my desk to start work on the new 
proposal.

	I didn't get to talk to Linda very much today, so I never 
found out what instructions Miss Jenkins had given her.  I'll ask 
tomorrow.  I've got to go now.  I've got to shave and get ready 
for bed.

Friday, May 24, 1991

	I finally got to talk to Linda for a time today.  We both 
have been so busy with this new proposal that we haven't found 
the time to talk about much else.  We went over the plans for the 
big move tomorrow.  I told her I was all packed and would be 
ready to start loading the cars as soon as she could get there.  
We agreed to start early in the morning so we would be done 
with everything and have all evening to relax.  When I asked her 
about the instructions Miss Jenkins had given her, she said she 
would go over them with me tomorrow.  I'm really excited about 
the move.

Saturday, May 25, 1991

	Well, I'm all moved in with Linda.  I'm not sure this whole 
thing is such a good idea.  Don't get me wrong, I'm really fond of 
Linda and I'm sure we'll get along just fine, but this bit with Miss 
Jenkins using us as sex slaves makes me nervous.  I wasn't 
brought up that way.  I even have a hard time talking to Linda 
about it.  I am so ashamed that I agreed to Miss Jenkins 
demands and that I allowed her to use me like she did in front of 
Linda.  Now its worse.

	After we were all through getting me settled in, Linda 
and I both took a shower and sat around the living room 
chatting.  I asked Linda what instructions Miss Jenkins had 
given her about me.  She got up from the sofa, went into her 
bedroom and returned carrying a tote bag, which she sat down 
on the coffee table between us.  She began to take out its 
contents.  First was a Polaroid camera.  Then came 2 rolls of 
film, followed by an envelope.  She opened the envelope and 
withdrew a letter from it.  Her instructions were to take pictures 
of me in various poses as defined in the letter.  She was to take 
one roll of film (10 pictures) each night, including weekends.  I, 
in turn, was to take to pictures to Miss Jenkins each morning 
when I reported for work.  Having said that, Linda emptied the 
balance of the bag's contents onto the table.  I blushed at the 
sight of dildos, butt plugs, handcuffs, chains, douche bag, 
enema, etc.  spread over the table.  Some of the things I had 
never seen before.  Linda explained the nipple clamps, ball gag, 
spreader bar and all the rest to me.  I was mortified.  I sat with 
my mouth open in disbelief as Linda showed me the list of 
pictures she had to take of me this weekend.  I started crying 
uncontrollably and Linda came over and sat next to me, holding 
my hand, and comforting me with kind words.  She made me 
realize that it wouldn't be all that bad and the benefits I would 
derive from being on Miss Jenkins' good side would far out 
weigh the embarrassment.  We agreed to shoot all 20 pictures 
tonight.

	Linda posed me for each picture.  I had to pose 
masturbating myself with my finger - in both my vagina and 
anus.  Then I had to suck the same finger - ugh!  She had me 
spread my labia while she took a close-up.  Then, it was a close-
up of my butt hole.  Embarrassing.  I was to insert each of dildos 
into my vagina while she snapped pictures of them entering, as 
well as completely in, me.  After that, I had to lick each one and 
insert them into my mouth.  Again, ugh!  Finally, I had to 
masturbate to climax with a vibrator.  Linda kept urging me on.  I 
was getting so hot watching her look at me and take the 
pictures.  I just wanted to make love to her.  She looked so good 
kneeling beside me totally naked.  As I was having my orgasm, 
Linda kept asking me if I wanted to lick her pussy.  I just kept 
saying yes - over and over again.  When all the pictures had 
been taken, Linda sat down on the coffee table and told me to 
crawl over to her and lick her pussy.  I did so eagerly.  Later I 
thought about these events and realized that Linda had gotten 
off while dominating me.  I feel sort of betrayed.  I really like her.  
I just want her to like me for myself, not as a sex object.  I'll talk 
to her about my feelings again soon.

Monday, May 27, 1991

	Most everyone at the office was off for Memorial Day, 
but Miss Jenkins said we had so much work to do we couldn't 
afford the time off now.  She promised a long weekend off when 
we finish this proposal.  I brought the pictures in to show Miss 
Jenkins today.  She called Linda and me into her office and 
locked the door.  I was told to strip and stand by her desk while 
she went over them.  She studied each picture for a long time 
and had comments about each.  She would ask me 
embarrassing questions, like "Did you like the feel of the vibrator 
in your pussy?", or "Did you enjoy fingering your ass?"  I was 
totally humiliated.  I just kept murmuring "yes" to each question 
she asked, hoping to end this session.  At times she would put 
the pictures down and just stare at my body for what seemed 
like hours.  Finally, she opened her desk drawer and took out 
another roll of film and a new list of instructions and handed 
them to Linda.  These new pictures were to be brought in 
tomorrow.  I started to object, but Miss Jenkins stopped me and 
asked if I wanted these pictures circulated around the office.  
Indeed I did not.  I shut my mouth in a hurry.  Miss Jenkins then 
ordered me to show my thanks to Linda by kissing her ass.  
Linda came over to the desk and lifted her dress.  I pulled her 
panties down and lightly pecked each cheek.  I should have 
known better.  Miss Jenkins slapped my butt really hard with a 
riding crop and told me that a "kiss of thanks" had to last a long 
time and be "deeply felt".  In other words, I had to probe her butt 
hole with my tongue until Miss Jenkins was satisfied.  Oh, the 
shame!  After I was through with that, Miss Jenkins called me 
back to her desk and stuck her hand between my legs.  I could 
have died when she announced to Linda how wet I was there.  
She said that since I had been such a good girl and was 
obviously horny, she would allow me to masturbate myself until I 
have an orgasm.  I  politely refused but another crack on the 
behind from the riding crop changed my mind.  I stood there 
masturbating myself while Miss Jenkins and Linda watched.  
After I had my orgasm, I was told to lick my fingers clean.  The 
rest of the day I remained nude in Miss Jenkins office and 
catered to her every whim.  

	Tonight, after Linda and I ate dinner and took our baths, 
I posed for more pictures.  It was not nice.  I had to pose 
blindfolded with my hands cuffed behind my back.  Linda took 
some pictures of me with the nipple clamps in place - they hurt 
like hell!  Then she needed some shots of the ball gag in my 
mouth.  The last few shots were of me lying on the floor with the 
spreader bar attached to my knees.  This kept my legs spread 
wide apart and exposed everything to the camera's lens.  I know 
I shouldn't say this but I couldn't stop myself from getting 
excited.  Especially when Linda kept asking me if I wanted to lick 
her pussy again.  She occasionally played with my vagina and I 
would get so hot, I'd beg her to let me lick her.  She finally 
agreed to let me do so if I would spend the night on the floor, 
beside her bed, with dildos in my vagina and anus.  I was so 
excited, I would have agreed to anything.   This time I had to 
have my hands cuffed behind me and she spread her labia and 
worked her vagina against my lips and tongue.  She came in no 
time.  At bed time, I had the dildos inserted all the way in both 
my openings and my hands were cuffed to the bed post.  I lay 
there, on my stomach, all night  - dozing on and off, but never 
really sleeping.  From time to time, Linda would awake and push 
the dildos deeper into me.  I can't begin to tell you how 
uncomfortable it was.

	I am becoming more and more concerned about my 
feelings and situation.  I think it might be best if I just quit the job 
and leave Linda and Miss Jenkins to themselves.  But I like 
Linda so much, and I get so damn excited, sexually, during 
these sessions.  I just don't know what to do.  I dread taking 
tonight's pictures in to Miss Jenkins tomorrow.  I can't imagine 
what she has planned for tomorrow night's photo session.

Friday, May 31, 1991

	I needn't tell you what a week this has been.  I feel so 
abused - like a toy that gets thrown into the corner whenever the 
child is tired of playing with it that day.  I thought it would get 
better, but Miss Jenkins announced that the three of us would 
be leaving for Chicago on Sunday evening.  She is presenting 
her proposal to the new prospects and wants Linda and I along 
for "insurance".  It seems that Linda and I are to provide our 
"services" to any of the clients who might be hesitant in signing 
the deal.  Linda and I are both worried about what may happen.  
We both know it won't be pleasant, but agree that the rewards 
(Miss Jenkins promised us both a large bonus if they sign) 
would outweigh the one week of humiliation and degradation.  
After all, what could be worse than what I'm going through now?

Monday, June 3, 1991

	This is terrible!  Linda and I are sharing a room which 
adjoins Miss Jenkins' room.  We are to wear nothing but this 
"skirt".  I say skirt but it really is only a piece of ruffle, about 5 
inches wide, that buttons around our waist.  It's more like a belt 
than a skirt.  It covers nothing.  Earlier this evening Miss Jenkins 
brought 2 men to the room to watch Linda and I perform.  We 
had to 69 each other and then use dildos in each other's 
vaginas and butts while Miss Jenkins and the men would laugh 
and make lewd comments.  It went on for hours and Linda and I 
were both totally exhausted when they finally left.  We hit the 
bed without even taking a shower.  I don't know if I can handle 
much more of this.

Wednesday, June 5, 1991

	Today has to be the worst day of my life.  Miss Jenkins 
said that the new prospects have agreed to sign the contract, 
but she had to promise them a "wild orgy" with Linda and I.  We 
had mixed emotions.  We were frightened by the prospects of 
being the center of a wild orgy, but also glad that it would all be 
over by tomorrow and that we would be getting a huge bonus for 
our efforts.  If I knew then what I know now, I would have walked 
out of the room and kept walking all the way to New York.

	At 7 o'clock this evening Miss Jenkins arrived with 9 
men.  It started out just like before, with Linda and I giving a 
Lesbian show using our tongues and dildos.  As the party went 
on, and the men got drunker, thinks got wilder and wilder.  Linda 
and I found ourselves fucking each of the men, then we had to 
suck the dicks of the guys that fucked us.  At one point, we each 
had dicks in our vagina, ass, mouth and hand at the same time.  
We had semen all over us.  Then we had to lick the semen off 
each other.  It was disgusting. Linda and I were made to lick 
Miss Jenkins entire body - front and back - while the men carried 
on laughing and joking about us.
Later I noticed that I had become the center of attention.  It 
seemed as though Miss Jenkins and Linda were enjoying 
themselves while I was being fucked and sucking cocks and 
licking balls.  Just when I was about to protest, I was led to the 
bathroom and made to lie down in the tub.  Then 3 men took out 
their penises and began peeing on me.   I struggled to get out 
but Miss Jenkins became really angry and smacked my breasts 
with her riding crop a few times.  I started to cry loudly and Miss 
Jenkins yelled at me to stop crying and to lay back down in the 
tub.  I laid back down, but still cried as the men peed all over 
me.  I had to open my mouth and let them pee in it, then I was 
told to spread my pussy lips while more men peed in it, then I 
had to roll over and spread my butt cheeks so they could all pee 
on my ass.  I cried like a baby.  It was so disgusting, I had all I 
could do to keep from throwing up.  The worst of it all was, 
before they left, I had to thank all the men giving me such a 
good time.

	When all the men had left, Miss Jenkins scolded me.  
She said I had acted so badly that I almost lost the deal for her.  
I apologized and said that I was so humiliated I couldn't help 
myself.  She looked me in the eyes and said that before I got 
back to New York, I would know what real humiliation was like.  
She then ordered me to take a shower and go to bed.  When 
she walked out the door, Linda followed her.  During my shower 
I scrubbed myself so hard and so long my skin was beet red.  I 
still had the taste of urine in my mouth when I climbed into my 
bed.  As I lie in bed, I could hear the sounds of Miss Jenkins and 
Linda making love in the room next door.  Without my being 
aware of it, my hand started to rub my vagina and, before long I 
was in the midst of an orgasm.  When I came back down, I 
started to cry all over again.  What has become of me?  How 
can I get so sexually excited by all this deviant behavior?  I have 
no answer, I only know that I do.

Thursday, June 6, 1991

	Instead of flying back to New York, Miss Jenkins rented 
a car and we drove the distance.   I had to sit in the middle while 
Miss Jenkins drove and Linda sat against the passenger door.  
Miss Jenkins made me keep my blouse completely unbuttoned 
and my jeans pulled down around my ankles.  For all intents and 
purposes, I was nude.  Miss Jenkins made a point of passing the 
big trucks on the road and then slowing down when she got 
alongside the driver's window.  There I was - completely 
exposed to all of them.  When Miss Jenkins got bored with that, I 
was handed a vibrator and made to masturbate myself with it - 
still playing the game with the truckers.  Still later, I was forced 
to kneel on the floor and perform oral sex on Linda.  The 
truckers would all blow their horns and speed up to stay even 
with us.  I was constantly blushing.  I guessed this is what Miss 
Jenkins meant when she said I'd soon find out what real 
humiliation was like.  I was wrong.

	While driving through Pennsylvania, we passed farm 
after farm.  At one particular farm that had many horses and 
ponies in the fields, Miss Jenkins pulled into the drive.  Linda 
and I remained in the car while Miss Jenkins got out and went to 
talk to the owners.  When she returned, she told us to follow her.  
Linda and I followed her to a field behind the large house and 
stables.  In the field were many ponies.  They were all so cute.  
We walked up to one and we all started to pet him.  Miss 
Jenkins asked me if I liked him.  I quickly answered yes.  She 
then said "good" and ordered me to undress completely.  I was 
flabbergasted.  I began to cry and plead with her not to force me 
to have sex with an animal.  She slapped my face and then 
squeezed my nipples until I saw stars.  I finally agreed to do 
what she wished.  I had no choice.  I couldn't endure the pain 
any longer.  Linda petted my head and assured me that 
everything would be all right.  I was easy for her to say - she 
didn't have to do anything!  I was ordered to fondle the pony's 
penis and to lick it.  During this ordeal, Miss Jenkins was taking 
pictures.  She snapped several pictures of me giving oral sex to 
the animal.  I had to do it until it came, then I had to keep my 
mouth open so Miss Jenkins could get a picture of that.  Linda 
held the pony in position and kept comforting me.    I wanted to 
die.  When it was over, we all went back to the house and Miss 
Jenkins thanked the owner for letting us visit.  Before we left, 
she gave the owner one of the pictures she took.  He smiled and 
looked directly at me.  Having his eyes roam over my body, 
while looking at the picture he held, was the most humiliating 
think that has ever happened to me.

	Linda and Miss Jenkins swapped seats for the rest of 
the drive.  I was forced to kneel on the floor between Miss 
Jenkins' legs and lick her ass all the way to New York.  Linda, at 
Miss Jenkins instructions, played the same game with the 
truckers.  We stopped only for gas and an occasional cold drink.

	When we arrived in the city, Linda dropped me off at the 
apartment and left with Miss Jenkins.  I was very disappointed 
and jealous.  I took a long shower, went to bed and cried myself 
to sleep.

Friday, June 7, 1991 

	When I arrived at the office today, I was surprised to 
find Miss Jenkins and Linda was there already.  Before I had 
time to take off my sweater and uncover my typewriter, Miss 
Jenkins called for me to come to her office.  Linda followed me 
into the office and stationed herself beside Miss Jenkins' desk 
while I stood in front of them.  I was ordered to strip.  When I 
was completely naked, Miss Jenkins nodded at Linda and Linda 
reached into one of the drawers and drew out a large double 
dildo and handed it to me.  Miss Jenkins said that she had an 
announcement to make and, while she speaks, I was to 
masturbate using the dildo in my vagina and ass.  I could 
lubricate the large rubber object using only my mouth.  I knew it 
would be to painful to insert without any lubricant so I proceeded 
to put it in my mouth, one end at a time, and put as much saliva 
on it as I could.  In spite of all the saliva dripping from it, it was 
still very painful when I inserted it - especially the end that was 
entering my behind.  I felt dirty and really ashamed as I stood 
there masturbating while these two women watched me.  They 
both giggled and began to make jokes when they saw my face 
turning red from embarrassment. After a short while, Miss 
Jenkins told me to sit down and put my legs on each arm of the 
chair, but continue to masturbate.  I did so.  I must admit that the 
action of the dildos excited me.  I don't understand it.  I mean, I 
don't know if I was more embarrassed by having them watch me 
masturbate or by having them witness my getting excited over 
doing it.  When it was obvious to them that I was nearing 
orgasm, Miss Jenkins gently shoved Linda towards me.  

	Linda started playing with my titties and slowly inserting 
her finger in and out of my mouth.  I almost passed out with 
pleasure.  The pleasure was soon ended when Miss Jenkins 
made her announcement.

	It seems that I've been had again.  Miss Jenkins 
explained that Linda would be moving in with her and would no 
longer remain working here.  I would take her place.  That meant 
I was to act as Miss Jenkin's sex slave and do the office work.  I 
would occasionally see Linda when Miss Jenkins desired a 
threesome, but under no circumstance was I to contact her 
directly.  Since the office would require another secretary, it was 
my duty to recruit a new one, just as Linda had recruited me.

	As Miss Jenkins went on, my eyes stayed glued to 
Linda.  Through my tears, I could see her smile sweetly at me as 
she caressed my breasts.  I couldn't believe she would do such 
a thing.  All my desires seemed to cease the moment I learned 
of the new arrangement.  I became totally unaware of the dildo 
working in and out of me.  I no longer felt ashamed.  I was both 
angry at Linda, and sorry for me for losing her.  My hand 
continued pumping the rubber object in and out of myself while I 
listened.  Miss Jenkins' eyes never left my crotch as she talked.  
Finally, I had heard enough.  I burst into tears, tore the dildo out 
of me and through it onto the floor.  "NO!" I screamed at Miss 
Jenkins.  "NO!  I WON'T DO IT!  I QUIT!"  I stamped over to the 
couch and began putting my clothes on.  Linda came over to me 
and held both my shoulders as she gently turned me around to 
face Miss Jenkins.

	Miss Jenkins very quietly told me that if I wanted to quit 
that it was up to me.  Under those circumstances, however, she 
would feel "obligated" to circulate the pictures of me around the 
city as well as to my parents.  I stopped and stared at her before 
I began crying again and pleaded with her to let me go.  She 
offered to let me quit without reprisal under one condition.  I 
agreed to the condition before I learned what it was.  At that 
moment, I wanted out.  The condition was that I was to report to 
her office tomorrow morning.  I was to get completely naked.  
There would be various dildos laid out on her desk.  I was to 
stand on top of the desk with my hands raised in the air and my 
legs spread apart.  Miss Jenkins would then bring in all the girls 
in the steno pool and the major accounts department.  She 
would explain to them what a whore I was and would show them 
the picture album she had of me.  They all would then be given 
the opportunity to use me any way they saw fit for the rest of the 
day.  Since tomorrow is Saturday, we will have the entire office 
to ourselves.  If they asked, I would answer any question, use 
any of the dildos on myself, or do anything they wanted.  I was 
flabbergasted.  What could I do?  I humbly nodded my head in 
agreement.

	I dread tomorrow.  But in a way, I am getting excited just 
thinking about it.

Thursday, July 18, 1991

	It's been a month since I left Linda and Miss Jenkins.  
My last day was a nightmare. About 25 girls showed up for the 
spectacle.  They all really got off on making me do whatever 
they wished.  I never licked so many cunts or masturbated 
myself so many times. I often think about that day and my times 
with Linda and Miss Jenkins as I lie in bed at night.  I inevitably 
end up masturbating myself while thinking about it.  I had 
another affair - one night stand, really - with a girl I went to high 
school with.  It was okay, but not the same.  Sometimes I miss 
my old life.

Wednesday, August 7, 1991

	I can't stand it any longer.  I find myself thinking about 
my days at Dorcey & Scalpini.  I long to be humiliated by Miss 
Jenkins.  I crave Linda's delicious nectar.  Lately I do nothing 
but daydream about the things they put me through.  I 
sometimes have an orgasm just thinking about it.  Tomorrow I'm 
going to call Miss Jenkins and beg for my old job back.

Sunday, August 25, 1991

	Well, tomorrow's the big day.  I start at D & S again.  Of 
course I'll be working in Miss Jenkins' office.  I won't be a 
secretary, though.  She already has 2 of them.  I'll be working as 
a file girl and "gofer".  Really, I know what my duties will be.  I 
had to go in for another "interview" on Saturday.  This time there 
were about 35 girls there.  I had to strip naked and agree to do 
what they wanted me to again.  A condition to my re-employment 
is that I was to rotate living with each of the girls who attended.  
I'm to spend two weeks with each one as their maid/slave.  Most 
of them are married but they said their husbands couldn't wait 
for their turn.  At least I'll save money by not having any housing 
costs.  It's a good thing.  I'm only making minimum wage.  Miss 
Jenkins said she would consider a raise, based on my 
performance, in six months.  In order to get it, each of the girls I 
lived with would have to give good reports to her.  In addition, I 
would have to appease her "jaded" demands from time to time.  
As nervous as I am, I can't wait for tomorrow to begin.

	AIN'T LIFE GRAND?
