Archive-name: 3plus/roughfun.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Rough Fun


An Original Story

    My wife Ivette shook her head. "You're being silly...it's fun, they're fun,
and we'll have fun," she rubbed her foot against mine. We were sitting on the
couch in our home discussing an invitation from her friend, Jilly and her
husband Ed.
     "I don't know," I said. "The invitation scares me." I looked at it again.
In Jilly's precise hand it said: "We'd like to invite you both for a challenging
evening. Gentlemen first; ladies after. And we see what happens after that."
    I dropped the invitation on my lap and looked at her. At 30, she was as
beautiful as ever -- long brown hair, dark eyes, olive skin, with an hour glass
figure that sported large, shapely breasts. She knew I would do whatever she
wanted, if she wanted it badly enough.
     Now she smiled that convincing smile. "I've shared your world with
you...all your fantasies. When we first got married, you told me what you liked
and I watched those tapes with you, talked about it with you, and finally, I
started doing it. And it's been heaven for you...you know that and so do I."
     I nodded. "A guy dreams about it...I've got it."
    "You're married to a woman who does the one thing that turns you on more
than anything else."
     I smiled myself. "Well, you can't say you don't like it."
     She pulled her feet away and sat up. "Oh, I love it now. But I didn't know
I would when I started and now I'm asking you to take that chance...I think
you'll love what I want too. If you don't, I'll never mention it again."
     I chuckled. "You've earned it. Okay, let's shake on it."
     She pulled open her bathrobe. "I've got a better idea," she said, bending
down, pulling my robe open and giving my cock a quick lick. "Let's fuck on it."
     And that's how it all started.

 The Arrival
     Two nights later, we drove to Jillie and Ed's house. On the way there, we
hardly spoke. Ivette said all there was to say before, while we were dressing.
She pulled on skin tight leather pants over a white see-through bra and lace
panties. She had applied all her make-up, re-done her nails and was now
standing in her bare feet pulling up her pants.
     "Now baby, just remember a couple of things," she said."It's for fun but
it's not faked. So try. Also, the rules. The guys quote the rules for the ladies
and..."
    I nodded, "I understand completely."
     She giggled and leaned over to kiss me. "Ummm, I'm so excited and I'm
real proud. Jillie said you'd never agree. Now she'll have to eat that...and
alot more."
    "How did you know she was into this?" I asked.
     Ivette shrugged. "At work she had an argument with another woman and,
later on, she let it slip...told me she'd like to get that bitch in private and
see who the better woman was. I asked her what that meant but she wouldn't tell
me. Couple of days later, when she had calmed down, I asked her to keep a
secret and told her I liked to wrestle and she told me she'd been doing it
herself for a long time. We talk about it every once in a while. Compare notes.
Boast about matches a bit. She's always talking about how she loves it rough.
And I've wanted to get her alot. Funny though, we've never tangled. I mean,
we have talked about it but the opportunity has never come up. One of us is
always busy."
     I fantasized about that fight. Jillie was about Ivette's size, a bit
taller and maybe slightly thinner but just as buxom. Her hair was blonde, in a
long, wavy, stylish cut. She was beautiful. And she was brassy; she used
language in public Ivette only used in private and talked about her sex life
openly and in as detailed a way as I'd ever heard. I didn't like her much but,
in a certain way, she was a turn on. And, yes, I had fantasized about her and
my wife fighting...I sure as hell had.
     Ed opened the door when we rang the bell. I'd never met him but he
immediately smiled. He was about my age, late thirties, thin but obviously
strong. I could see the torso muscles through the tee-shirt he was wearing.
He had on a pair of sweatpants and sandals.
     He invited us in. "It's great to meet you," he said, shaking my hand,
"especially under these circumstances. And you, Ivette, look beautiful as
always. Come in."
      Jillie was waiting at the door to the living room. It didn't surprise me
that she was dressed almost exactly like Ivette, right down to the open-toed
sandal high-heels (Ivette had instructed me as to how to dress...so I figured
some rules had already been discussed). And I was even less surprised when
they greeted each other warmly but with coy, knowing smiles.
     Jillie kissed me hello and stepped back, smiling. "Well,well, Ivette,"
she said, "you've impressed me."
     Ivette laughed, "Didn't think I would make it happen, did you?"
     Jillie looked at her, "It hasn't happened yet...we'll see."
     "Yes," said Ivette, "We will."

     Gentlemen's Rules
     After about 15 minutes of small talk, sitting in their living room, Jillie
turned to Ivette. "Well, let's get down to the fun, shall we?"
     My wife nodded. "Let's. It's your house...so you can start with the rules."
     The exchange went quickly. One would say something and the other
would answer. It was almost competitive.
      "Guys first," said Jillie. "Wrestling."
     "Okay," Ivette said, glancing at both Ed and me briefly, "From the
knees."
     Jilly looked straight at me. "Completely naked," she said.
     I stared back at her, a bit shocked. Jillie smiled and shrugged,"You can
refuse to compete if it's too much for you."
     I said nothing but Ivette spoke up. "My man has no problem showing
what's he got and using it. Let them start with hard-ons."
     Ed had a very slight smile on his face; Jillie was obviously loving it.
"Alright! Cock-fight...I love it. One hand on the cock at all times. If it comes
off, they stop until the guy can grab the other's dick again. No real squeezing,
though."
     Ivette was becoming excited. "No squeezing, just rubbing...and they use
every hold they can. But, if a hand comes off, the man can use his foot...as
long as hand or foot is on that dick."
     Jillie leaned back, slipped off one shoe and held her own pretty foot.
"Uh huh...so then you can win with a pin, a submission or if the opponent
comes."
     Ivette gasped. "Jillie...Christ!"
     Jillie feigned surprise. "You tell me you wrestle for your man's
pleasure...you mean to say he's not willing to do the same for you?"
     And she and Ed giggled...I guess the giggle got to my wife before I
could put a hand over her mouth.
     "Okay, bitch," she said in only half-joking tones, "so the loser may come
but the winner is going to come in your mouth...you give my guy a blow-job
when he wins."
     "Okay," Jillie said smiling confidently, "and I presume you'll do the
same if my man beats yours. I want to show Ed what he has and the only way
to do that is to compare it with your inferior techniques."
     Ivette was obviously getting a bit angry. "No problem, my dear. Except
for one thing."
     Jillie smirked. "Already looking for a way out?"
     "Sort of" Ivette said. "The loser's lady can avoid the blow job by fighting
the winner's woman...and the winner's wife sets the rules. The loser of that
match does both the winner and her husband. How do you like that, my love?"
     Jillie smiled. "That, I like very, very much. To the rec room, if you both
please."

Cock-fighting Time

     The rec room was a sizeable room, completely matted(including the
walls). I noticed a small, recessed bar in one corner with a mat hung in front
of that and a pitcher of drinks set on top. We all took a glass and helped
ourselves and then each couple went to a corner of the room.
     As the hostess, Jillie spoke.
     "Okay, fellas. No blows of any kind are permitted in this contest. You
can't kick or slap. You can't use hair pulling or choking. You'll both strip
naked and allow your wife to get you hard. Then you kneel face to face, and
grab each other by the cock. Don't attempt to hurt each other: remember
that it's in your interest to keep your opponent hard and try to make him
come. You're also allowed to pin your opponent for a count of ten or make
him submit by any hold...including sitting on his face and smothering him
into the submission. But remember that you should try to keep a hold on his
cock and if it slips away, you must regain the hold before you start fighting
again.Are there any questions?'
     Ed was looking at me, smiling. He said nothing. I had no
questions...except what the fuck I was doing here. But I didn't ask that one.
     "Okay," Jillie said. "Come to the center of the room, stand about three
feet apart and strip your clothes off."
     We did as we were told. I wasn't mistaken about Ed's body -- he was
strong, muscles in all the right places, and hung better than average. He
stripped slowly, allowing me to look at each portion of his body and watching
me smiling as I did the same.
     I heard each of the women making encouraging remarks --
     "Not bad...Well, now, he IS a hunk...Can he use that thing as well as you
say he can?...Make it hard; my guy needs something to hang on to."
     By the way, I work out constantly and, in the important areas, I was
Ed's equal -- including between the legs.
     We each returned to our wife. Ivette immediately grabbed my cock and
kissed me, holding me in the back of the head. "I love you, baby," she said.
"Now, listen to me. Don't be afraid to grab him on the ass and use that if you
have to. Wrestle hard but enjoy the feeling; rub against him if you want. That
will relax you and you'll fight better. Remember to have fun; it's no shame to
lose. You're doing something that turns on two women. And don't listen to
what she says...listen to me. I'll be encouraging you. And don't worry, I'm not
going to blow him. If I lose, I'll fight her any way she wants and I'll kick her
fucking ass."
     I nodded. If that last comment was made to turn me on, it did. She
didn't even need to suck me very much for my dick to get rock hard. I
looked over and saw Jillie talking to Ed while licking his dick and rubbing his
ass. Obviously, that was having the same results.
     Ivette looked over, "Ready?" she asked.
     Jillie nodded. She took a tube laying in the corner and quickly rubbed
something on her husband's dick, tossing it to Ivette as she rubbed him some
more. Ivette did the same -- "It's an ointment, no taste, no odor...just makes
it easier to rub the dick."
     "Okay, to the center, gentlemen," Jillie said. Ivette kicked off her shoes
and sat down on the mat in the corner. Jillie did the same. Ed came to me
and, when we were close together, we knelt -- he carefully grabbed my cock,
smiling broadly, and I grabbed his. In my hand, it felt enormous and it was
already throbbing. Even before we began wrestling, we were rubbing and the
ladies began talking.
     "Close together," Jillie said. "Put the other hand where you want it." Ed
put his hand around my shoulders for a head lock and I put my left hand on
his ass, pushing my fingers into the hole.
     "Ready?" Jillie said. We both nodded.
     "Okay, then, fight."
     Things happened quickly. Ed tightened his grip on my shoulders and
began messaging methodically. I pushed both feet out behind me and spread
them to make throwing me more difficult and making pushing him
backwards easier.
     I tightened my grip on his his ass, pushing against him. He grunted
with exertion and pleasure. From this point on, I remember only that I
started rubbing Ed's dick high up, near the ridge because that's how I like it.
I don't remember how I rubbed it from then on...it just happened
automatically.
     Most of it happened instinctively. He fell backwards, with me on top
and we rolled on the floor. Ed began lifting his leg, trying to get behind me to
weaken my grip on him and to try for a control hold.I wouldn't let him. I
locked one of his legs between mine and was content to roll back and forth --
one man on top and then the other. He was moving his hand back and forth
on my hard-on and,while I fought him, I rubbed with increasing pleasure.
Now, it didn't matter who won or lost -- and it didn't matter whose woman
saying what.
       Ed and I were cheek to cheek and the gasping breaths and grunts' of
pleasure were louder now. His body was pouring sweat and, out of the corner
of my eye, I could see his smile -- he was enjoying this.
     In fact, so was I. The strain of the muscled body against mine, my hand
sliding on his sweaty back and ass, the throbbing from his dick and the
wonderful pleasure I felt straining in his grip...it all mixed with the
increasingly frenzied comments from the women, getting louder and bolder
as the minutes went by and our locked bodies struggled. I don't remember
who said what -- it was all just a mixture of voices by then.
     "Fight, baby, go for it...keep your hand working...he's about to come."
     "Come on, honey, flip him over. Get on top of him. Show him how
much man you are!"
     "Harder, baby, everything you have...Do it for me."
     "Fight, sweetie...I'm going to fuck the shit out of you when you're
finished...Rub his fucking dick."
     What couldn't have been more than a minute or two seemed like an
eternity. I was getting tired. My breathing began to hurt. My body was aching
and my own dick was throbbing. I knew that soon I would have to stop. And I
figured the moment had come as Ed flipped me over and suddenly pulled his
arm away and rested his forearm on my chest, right under my neck.
     Now, with his fullweight on me, I knew I had lost...I was about to give
up. I could hear Jillie's voice screaming, "Push down, Ed. Push hard. You got
him now. Ask him if he gives...the fucking wimp. He ain't shit to you, baby.
Make him give!"
          I saw Ed's eye blazing with the force.
     "Okay," I yelled, "I give." But, as I said it, I felt something spray into my
hand and wet the side of my body. As Ed's body collapsed and Ivette's voice
shreaked, "Oh, yes. Alright, baby!" And Jillie's said,"Shit."
     It took me a few seconds to realize that Ed hadn't collapsed; he had
come. I rolled him off me and looked down. His body was limped, his face
was smiling and his dick was covered with come. I smiled down at him and
nodded. He managed a faint nod back. We had done what our wives wanted.
    "Fuck, yes." Ivette said standing as I sort of crawled over to her. "Jillie,
get ready to put something where your big mouth is."
         Ivette turned me around and began kissing and rubbing me furiously -- I
hadn't realized how much this would turn her on. But I was looking at Jillie --
a good blow job from a beautiful woman seemed like just the thing at that
moment and, well, Jillie WAS a beautiful woman.
      "Wait a second, Ivette," Jillie said. "Your man gave up...he lost."
     Ivette pulled away, stood, and turned, putting her hands on her hips.
"What?"
     Jillie shook her head and stood herself. "At the very least it was a
draw...I'm not about to suck his dick on a draw."
     "This is bullshit," Ivette said. "You make a challenge and then go back
on it? Come on. Fair's fair. Ed's come is all over the fucking place."
     Jillie took a couple of steps toward us. "Look, let's not argue about this.
I wouldn't have done it anyway. If Ed had lost, I wasn't going to suck it.
Remember, I DO have another option."
     Ivette smiled now...the smile was cold. "Well, so it doesn't make any
difference, huh? Okay, then. If you don't want to suck his dick, you have to..."
     "Fight," Jillie said. "Ed, get up, sweetheart. You tried hard and deserve
your own treat. Now you're going to have it. Okay, Ivette, let's talk."

Ladies' Choice

     My wife shrugged. "Since we're calling this a draw, I guess we'll have to
let the guys set up the rules. Ed cab begin."
     Jillie smiled. Ed was now sitting in the corner, looking a bit dazed. But
he managed a smile. "Wrestling...from the knees. No blows of any kind."
     I knew what I wanted. "Naked." I said quietly.
     Ivette was facing Ed. Jillie had turned away from me and was removing
her jewelry. Ed nodded at me, looking back and forth between the two
women with a smile. "Pulling hair and squeezing tits."
     And THAT was my cue. "Face sitting submission." I said brightly.
     Jillie turned then and looked at her rival with a grin. "My, my..."     	
     Ivette shrugged. "That's my guy! You'll still have to blow him when you
lose."
     "I don't intend to lose, darling." It was practically a snarl.
     Ivette turned away from her. "No debates...it's time to show what you
got."
     Both women approached each other and slowly, almost defiantly,
stripped. Ed and I began making the kinds of comments the ladies had made
before. But, if they heard us, they didn't show it -- they were intently looking
at each other and the smiles were gone now.

Ruff Stuff

     Now I had a chance to compare them  -- they were both gorgeous women.
Their athletic bodies were lined with small, sexy muscle. Their asses were as
tight as could be, with Jillie's a bit rounder and Ivette's sharper. And they
were obviously ladies who took care of themselves -- like Ivette, Jillie was
groomed from her soft hair right down to her polished red toe nails.
      Once naked, both dropped to their knees. They moved close, touching
breasts and then mashing them together. Without another exchange of
words, each woman put her arm around the others back and put the other
hand on her opponent's ass.
          "Ready?" Jillie almost whispered. Ivette nodded.
     Both suddenly tightened their grips, tumbled to the floor and the fight
was on.
     Jillie got up on her knees and got a strong headlock on Ivette, who
grabbed the blonde's waist and put one leg over Jillie's back. She pushed her
other leg under Jillie and got a scissors hold and, in that position, headlock
against scissors, they struggled and strained -- grunting and gasping.
     Ivette got one hand under Jillie's chin and started pushing up. Jillie
responded by grabbing Ivette's breast with her free hand.
      I can't remember what I said...only that I was screaming, begging for my
wife to win. I wanted the victory for her...and I wanted to have beautiful,
arrogant Jilly suck my dick. I wanted it more than anything I could think of.
     Their backs were to me so I couldn't see much more than the straining in
their muscles. But I did see that Ed had another hard-on (talk about recovery
powers!!!) and that, as he stared down, his eyes widened. I heard grunts and
groans and I knew I was missing something, so I walked over to his side and
knelt next to him.
     In that wrestling position, both women had put one hand on the other's
breast and were squeezing with all the power they had. It was a battle of skill
and strength, and a contest to see who could take the pain longest.
     Ivette's toes flexed back as she put pressure on Jillie's waist with her
scissors. Jillie strained with her head lock and both worked feverishly,
carefully avoiding sinking the nails in but mashing the breast with fingertips.
     In that position, they fought for about a minute or so,their bodies moving
only slightly. In fact, they only indication that this was a fight, was the
straining of their muscles, the grunts and groans, and the angry expressions
on their faces.
     Between their gasps, I could hear them whispering:
     "Bitch, I'm gonna pull your fucking tits off."
     "Fuck you cunt. Your ass is mine now."
     "I can see your man...he's looking at me rubbing his dick. He wants me so
bad."
     "Fuck you, bitch. Your man is gonna dream of me forever."
     And those whispers were mixed with Ed and my voices.
     "Get her, baby...make her look like shit."
     "Squeeze, baby. Squeeze that tit."
     "Go for it...fight!"
    "Hurt her, honey, make her hurt!"
    Suddenly, with a gasp, Jillie let go of the hold and tried to grab Ivette's
hand away from her breast. Ivette actually smiled. She rolled onto her back,
grabbed Jillie's hair,pulling her head back into a reverse headlock...almost a
chokehold. In that way, while she was on the bottom, Ivette had full control
over the other woman.
     Jillie moved back and forth furiously, side-walking to try to escape the
hold but Ivette was on fire. There was no way she was going to let go.
     "Bitch," she said, "give up. I got you...you can't get away."
     Jillie tried to say something but she obviously couldn't...she was
finished. With one last strong jerk of her body, she tried vainly to escape and
then relaxed. Ivette reached around and getting on top, pushed her face
down and quickly straddled her on the breasts.
     Now Ivette looked down and Jillie looked up. I was surprised that, rather
than fear or anger, Jillie seemed willing. Ivette reached down and rubbed
hair out of Jillie's face, almost tenderly.
     "Okay, baby," she said softly, "Lick me some and then get my guy off. If
you want, Ed can make me come...you don't have to finish me."
     Jillie's voice was hoarse, "Come on," she said.
       Ivette slid up and straddled Jillie's face and then lowered herself down
slowly. Jillie began licking, Ivette began gyrating and the movements became
more and more frenzied. It lasted about a half minute and then Ivette
suddenly rose.
          She looked at me and smiled. "She's yours, baby," she said to me. Then
to Ed, "Come on and do me, Ed."
     I lay on the floor, Ivette did the same and Ed began licking her pussy. But
I didn't see much of that because Jillie was on my dick before I could say a
word. She was expert. She moved her tongue over my ridge slowly,
flirtatiously and, when I couldn't stand it anymore, she took my dick in her
mouth and began sucking...deeply, not just up and down but real sucking.
     It didn't take long; the fight with Ed, the wonderful battle between these
beautiful women, and now this...I came quickly, hard, and deep in Jillie's
mouth.
     Without a word, she stroked me stomach and got up. Ivette,who
apparently had already come, was standing in her corner still naked and I
walked over to her.
    As Ivette reached down for her clothes, I heard Jillie's voice. "Wait a sec,
Ivette," she said. "That was fun...but let's do something really interesting now
that we've broken the ice."
     Ivette nodded gleefully, "Great. Let's rest some and have some real
competition...what do you say guys?"
    Jillie looked at both of us. Ed didn't appear very eager...I can tell you
that I sure didn't feel eager myself. Of course, Jillie was in no mood for
negativity.
     "You guys look ready," she said. "What do you have in mind, Ivette?"

     		The END (for now)

--
