From s_racer@primenet.com Thu 01 Jun 95 01:07:33
Message-ID: <040324Z27051995@anon.penet.fi>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
From: an253276@anon.penet.fi
Reply-To: an253276@anon.penet.fi
Date: Sat, 27 May 1995 03:55:29 UTC
Subject: repost:brianna 3/4



As requested....
Disclaimer: If underage, or easily offended, go play somewhere else :)
Comments welcome.

Brianna awoke to the smell of something wonderful cooking.  She opened her
eyes and found herself laying on a blanket next to a fire.  A spit holding a
rabbit was being turned by the man who had plucked her off the forest floor. 
She sat up slowly, a small groan escaping her.  He looked over at her and
smiled.  "It's about time, sleepyhead" he teased.  She blushed and turned
away.  "Who are you?" she asked in a whisper, glancing at him from the side of
her eyes.  He smiled again as he saw her observing him, and he reached up to
remove his mask.  She gasped in spite of herself when she saw how handsome he
was, and then blushed again when he chuckled.  "You may call me Duncan" he
answered.  "And who are YOU?" he asked.  She didn't answer, instead, standing
and moving away from the fire.  His eyes hardened as he saw the back of her
shirt.  He hadn't noticed it before, because he had been too busy trying to
escape whoever had been chasing her, but now he could see that the white shirt
was drenched in blood.  "Come here" he commanded.  She turned in puzzlement at
the change in his voice.  He stood and waited patiently.  "W..why?" she
questioned him.  "Do as I say, woman....come here"  he held out his hand to
her.  She backed slowly away from him, unsure of what he wanted.  When  he saw
that, he sighed in exasperation, and with two quick strides, he crossed the
distance between them, grabbing her shoulder.  She cried out, and her eyes
filled with pain.  She struggled against him, but his grip was too strong. 
"Please.." she pleaded with him.  "Please don't.."

He ignored her pleas, and turned her away from him, tugging the man's shirt
out from the waistband of her pants.  Lifting it gently, he cursed quietly,
seeing her slashed and bruised back.  He slowly lowered her pants, ignoring
her gasp of protest and cursed again as he saw more bruises covering her ass. 
Pulling her pants back up, and gently lowering her shirt, he turned her to
face him again.  He placed his hand under her chin, forcing her to look up at
him.  "Who did this to you?  Are you a runaway servent?"  he questioned her. 
She shook her head silently, her eyes filled with tears that threatened to
overflow her deep green eyes.  "I can't help you run away," he said sternly. 
"If you are running away from your master, I will have to take you back."
"No..." she whispered.  "No, please don't take me back...I swear he was not my
master.  If you take me back, he will have me killed.  Please..." she dropped
to her knees in front of him, looking up at him pleadingly.

His heart melted as he looked into her face, but he would not let himself give
in.  "Then you must tell me who you are, and who you are running from.  I will
decide if you must go back."   She looked at him desperately, and then
realizing she had no choice, she quickly told him her story.  He looked at her
disbelievingly.  "I know Lord Jeffries" he said.  "And, although he is not one
of my favorite people, I cannot believe that he would treat you like that. 
There must be more that you are not telling me."

"No!" she protested.  "I am speaking the truth.  He is punishing me, because I
will not marry him.  I think he will keep me captive, and then take over my
lands when I cannot be found.  He will turn my people out of thier
houses...they will starve...ohhhhhh" she collapsed on the ground in despair,
her body racked with sobs, the force of them causing her wounds to re-open.

Duncan reached down and scooped her up in his arms, making soothing sounds as
he took her back to the fire.  He sat down on the ground and cradled her
gently, rocking her as he would a babe, until her sobs subsided.  "I will not
make a decision about what to do, right away" he promised.  "We will ride on
for a few days, and I will think about what you have told me.  Now...let me
see if I can do something for your back."  He rose and went to his saddle bag,
and pulled out a jar of ointment. Returning to the fire, he said "Take off
your shirt."  Brianna's eyes widened, and she shook her head in protest.  He
sighed and reached over and started unbuttoning her shirt.  "No!" she said,
starting to struggle.  He grabbed both of her tiny hands in one of his, and
holding them over her head, continued to unbutton her shirt, and then
releasing her hands one at a time, proceeded to remove it completely.  He
paused momentarily as his eyes took in her full young breasts, and then
shaking his head he turned her away from him.  "Stop struggling" he commanded
"or you will hurt yourself!"    She stopped moving, and when he released her
hands, she proceeded to cover her breasts with them, even though she was not
facing him anymore.  He began gently rubbing the ointment into her back,
silently cursing the bastard that had done this to her, trying to ignore her
small whimpers of pain.  As he worked, she began to relax, the ointment
soothing the burning in her back.  When he was finished, he pulled her back
against him and held her gently.   He moved his hands around to her waist,
laying them on her smooth skin, letting her get used to his touch.  As she
relaxed even more, he began caressing her gently, moving his hands slowly
upward.  She tensed as he neared her breasts, but he softly moved her hands
away, ignoring her protests, and laid his hands over her firm tits.  She
trembled slightly, but as he just let his hands lay there, she slowly began to
relax again.  "You're beautiful" he whispered against her ear as they sat by
the warm glow of the fire.  She leaned her head back against his chest and let
him begin moving his hands slowly over her breasts.  She could feel her
nipples hardening under his caresses, and she moaned softly.  He laughed
quietly as he felt her arch into his touch.  "Ahhh..." he whispered again. 
"You make me very hot....but not tonight, sweet Brianna....not tonight.."  
With those words, he pulled her down to lay beside him, holding her
protectively in his arms, and they both fell into a deep sleep.

The next morning he awoke and gazed down at the beautiful girl laying next to
him.  She had forgotten her half nakedness and was sleeping sprawled on her
back with an arm slung over her eyes to block the sun.   The position caused
her breasts to jut upward towards him.  He fought his temptation, but finally
gave in, and lowered his mouth to suckle gently on her inviting nipples.  She
sighed with pleasure in her sleep, and moved to grant him freer access.
He felt her arching towards him as she had the evening before, and his hands
lowered to unfasten her riding pants, lowering them slowly below her knees.
He took a long slow breath, trying to control himself as he gazed upon her
perfection...her hourglass figure, her breasts slightly swollen from his
sucking...her smoothly shaven pussy.  He let his hands guide softly over her
skin to her pussy, smiling as he listened to her breathing quicken.  He dipped
gently into her awaiting hole, gathering some of the juices accumulating
there, and then moved back up to slowly, gently massage her clit.  He watched
her face as he felt her hips begin to press back against his hand.  When she
finally opened her eyes, he smiled reassuringly at her confusion before
lowering his head and beginning to suck on her breasts again.  "Duncan..." she
moaned his name quietly, unsure that she should be doing this, but unable and
unwilling to make him stop.  He reached down and pulled her pants the rest of
the way off, smiling as he watched her unconciously spread her legs wider,
bending them at the knee.  "Do you want me, love?" he whispered into her ear,
stroking her hair with one hand as he unfastened his own pants with the other. 
She answered with motions as she grabbed one of his hands, moving it back down
between her legs.  He groaned at her wantoness, and finally freeing himself
from the confines of his pants positioned himself above her.  Lowering his
face to hers, he covered her mouth with his, plunging his tongue into her
mouth at the same time that he plunged his cock deep into her waiting cunt. 
He swallowed her cry of pain, and stilled, allowing her time to adjust to the
new sensation.  She waited, feeling him deep inside her....and then arched her
hips up towards him...encouraging him to move against her.
He smiled at her tenderly, feeling her encouragement, and slowly began to move
his cock in and out of her, watching as her eyes darkened with passion.  
"Yes, baby...." he whispered.  "Take me....feel me deep inside you...feel me
loving you."  Her eyes widened suddenly and he felt her tense beneath him, her
pussy muscles clamping against him, and a warm wet feeling suddenly surrounded
his cock, making him groan with pleasure as he shot his seed deep inside her
waiting pussy.  "ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh" she whispered....looking up at him with her
eyes still wide, feeling him throbbing deeply inside of her, her own muscles
still throbbing from her first orgasm.  He chuckled and kissed her softly
before asking teasingly "I assume 'ohhhhh' means you liked what you just
felt?"  She glared up at him and beat on his chest before laughingly agreeing
that yes....she liked it very much.  She groaned in protest when he
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

