RAPE IN THE MALL
        I spot her in the mall, the cutest little girl I think
    I've ever seen in her shorts and T-shirt. I'd guess 14 or 15, average size,
    no obvious fat. Dark brown hair and eyes, sweet little mouth. Undeveloped
    flat chest straight down to her waist and hips. Legs slender, no real
    curves. She's gorgeous! And it appears she's either here alone or has
    separated from someone. I follow her as she moves down the central core,
    her little ass swaying. God! She's turning down the service corridor!
    The only place for her to go there is the bathroom! At the end of the
    corridor I know is a large janitorial storage closet. As she enters the
    bathroom I go to the closet, pick the lock. Now, as long as no one else
    comes. The door opens, she steps out. I grab her, my hand over her mouth.
    I pick her up. She's very light. I carry her to the closet, take her in
    with me, squirming.
        I turn on the light. Yes! Everything I'll need! I push her down on the
floor on her stomach, grab a cloth to gag her. I grab her arms, twist
them behind her back, bind her wrists with tape. I turn her over, look
into her fear crazed eyes. She tries to scream into her gag as I rip her
T-shirt off. She's nice! Flat smooth chest, nickel size nipples erect with
tension. I rip the shirt completely off, feel her smooth long neck, down
her flatness, fingers circling each pink tit. I move down, straddle her
hips so I can caress her flat stomach, heaving as she cries and gasps.
        I grab her legs, tie one ankle to a table leg, spread them to
        tie the other down. With my knife I strip off her shorts and
        panties. Now she's spread naked before me, her bald little cunny
        open. I stand up, look at her sex while I get out of my jeans and
        shorts. When she sees my steel hard 8 inch cock she starts thrashing,
        muffled screams exciting me.
        I kneel over her chest, my balls resting on her. I grab her hair.
        Cock in hand I rub it all over her cute face, down her neck, across
        her chest. I slap it up and down a few times on her nipples, then rub
        down her stomach, across her sweet cunt. I lean down, suck her hard
        tiny nipples while I fondle her pussy lips. I kiss her all over before
        moving between her legs.
        As I spread her cunt open even more she bucks her hips, crying 
hard. She's got a delicious looking hole, so tiny. I see her glistening 
cherry, her beautiful clit hood. She freezes when my tongue first 
glides between her cunt lips then thrashes again. I hold her hips so I
can really taste her. She smells so little girl clean! I lick all over
between her legs, then press my tongue into her virgin hole. Her pussy
tastes almost sweet! I suck one cunt lip into my mouth, then the other,
massaging them with my tongue. Up to her clit, so soft and delicate looking.
I lick it repeatedly. I suck my finger to moisten it, jam it into her ass,
causing her to arch up at the intrusion. As I finger fuck her asshole I suck
on her delectable clit, lick her more all over.
        I need her now. I get up, pull her up by the shoulders, bend her over
        the table. Before she can figure out what's happening I moisten my
        cock, ram it up her virgin asshole. She stands, arching away from me
        as her skin tears, my hard rod stretching her tiny hole. I push her
        back down, her body convulsing with agony and fear. I hammer all 8
        inches deep into her hot moist rectum, feeling her deep sobs. I hold
        still, just delighted with her tight butt. I pull almost all the way
        out, slam into her again, hard. Then again, and again, my cock
        repeatedly violating her innocence, for several minutes. I feel my
        climax start, but not yet.
        I pull out, blood running from her violated hole. With my hand
        I smear it between her legs. I push her back down on the floor,
        lie over her, rubbing my cock against her pussy. Now she seems
        to know what's coming. She screams anew, bucking hard. Her body
        stiffens again, her face squinched up in terrific pain as I drive
        my cock through her cherry, feeling it burst around me, her
        virgin blood, squirting out. I sink 4 or 5 inches in before there's
        no more room. I lay inside her young body, her vagina clamping
        down hard on my cock. Her eyes open, tears streaming down, her
        head rolling back in forth as her cries intensify. I fuck
        her cunt slowly, not hard like her ass. Just knowing this
        is a very young girl I'm raping this time has me more
excited and hard then I've ever been!
        Every time my climax just begins, I stop, squeeze my cock
        if necessary, to halt it. I fuck her little twat a good
        10 minutes, an eternity of pain to her.
Finally I can't hold back any longer. Grunting and sweating I feel
my cum rise up, explode from my shaft, deep into this juvenile cunt.
Again and again I fill her up, each spasm better than the first.
It lasts almost a minute, driven by her fear, pain, and age.
Finally spent I lie down, leave my cock inside her cunt until
it slips out on its own. I lie there for a few more minutes,
listening to her pitiful sobs. I straddle her again, rub my cum
and blood drenched cock all over her chest.
        Time to get out of here. I stand, wash off, and dress.
I look down on my sweet little girl victim, blood and cum
puddled between her legs, some still slowy leaking from her
battered cunny hole. Her chest and tummy heave with her gasps.
I kneel beside her, remove the gag, take her pretty face in my
hands. "That was a great fuck, kid," I tell her, then kiss
her for a minute before replacing the gag. I take a couple
pictures of her lovely little body, a few close-ups of
her fucked cunt.
        Before I leave, but where she can't see me,
        I remove the wig, mustache, beard. I turn my jacket inside
        out, a whole new color. I'm not worried someone will find her
        before I'm long gone. It's only 6:00 now and the janitorial
        staff won't be in here 'till after 9:00. Plus, I live in
        the next state. I prowl every Saturday, never my state,
        always different towns, always find a victim. Up 'till now
        it's been girls maybe 12 to 15. Have to admit I must lower
        my age preference. No breasts to suck, but that bald tight cunt
really was nice. Another 14 or 15 year old next week I think.....
