
                          THE  NURSE

      The hospital was not a very cheerful place. It was full of  
boys and girls with dark and evil minds. It was an old building, very 
gothic in architecture. Like an old, mad tyrant it sat, on a high 
cliff between an ancient forest and a raging sea.
      It came to pass that one night there was a terrible storm. 
Thunder roared like the sound of great ogres battling in the clouds. 
Lightning thrashed the forbidding edifice as torrential rains 
drenched the landscape. With each brilliant flash of blue light, the 
brooding gargoyles perched on the stone behemoth were illuminated in 
sharp relief. They seemed to be alive as they regurgitated in what 
appeared to be disgust at the human monsters they were charged to 
protect within the ancient dwelling.
     Inside, the young nurse on night duty sat reading one of the 
'historical romances' she was so fond of. At the sound of the louder 
thunderclaps, she would be jolted out of her world of  velvet 
softness and firm throbbing manhood into the antiseptic reality of 
the infirmary office. She would anxiously look around her, wide-eyed 
and fearful. Then, with a small shudder and a shake of her head, she 
would again submerge herself in a fantasy of Victorian lords and 
maids and their oddyssies of forbidden love.
      Suddenly, everything went dark.. She jumped out of her chair, 
striking her knees on the edge of the desk. She stood there in the 
darkness, her mind racing with fear, not daring to move. Then, just 
as suddenly as they had gone out, the lights came back on. With a 
sigh of relief, she sat back down in her chair and retrieved her book 
from the floor where she had dropped it. Soon she was once again 
dreaming of a tall strong land baron and his firm caress.
      She was just nodding off when there was a loud crash from 
behind her, accompanied by a deafening peal of thunder that shook the 
building. Before she could move from her seat, she felt something 
whipped around her neck and pulled tight, cutting off her breath. As 
she was jerked backwards violently from her chair, strong hands 
clamped  around her wrists and ankles painfully. She could see as she 
was lifted from  the floor two of the inmates on either side of her, 
leering at her with gleeful malice. She tried to scream but    
it was choked off by the constriction around her neck, which now 
realized was a length of rubber surgical tubing.
      They stood her up on her feet, one on each side, pulling her 
arms tight behind her. She saw now that a third inmate stood in front 
of her, smiling a and nodding his head in approval. He reached out a 
hand and softly stroked her cheek. She recoiled from his touch, so he 
grabbed her by the chin and held her close enough that their noses 
touched. He growled softly," You do that again and I'll kill you." 
Then he slapped her hard across the face with the back of his hand 
and punched her in the stomach, knocking all the wind from her lungs.

     Laughing cruelly, they threw her to the floor, as the one who 
had hit her cleared her desk with a swipe of his muscular arm. As she 
laid upon the floor on her stomach, she tried in vain to gasp back 
the air that had been driven from her. It was impossible, though, for 
her to breathe with the surgical tubing around her throat. She began 
to thrash about on the floor in use less attempt to get her hands 
underneath it to pull it from her neck. Then, once again her breath 
was forcefully driven from her as she felt a tremendous weight fall 
on her back. A hand tangled in her hair and wrenched her head back 
violently.
     "Hold still, you fucking bitch," was whispered in her ear 
through clenched teeth as she saw the scalpel held in front of her 
face, moving towards her neck. It disappeared below her line of sight,
 and she tried not to flinch as she felt the cold steel against her 
neck. She waited for the first shock of  pain that she knew would 
come as the sharp, thin blade parted her skin and flesh like a hot 
knife through butter.
     One of the men knelt in front of her with a wad of gauze padding 
and said "Open wide, and say ah," as he shoved it in her mouth. She 
felt the knife leave her throat and heard a twanging snap as the tube 
was cut from her neck. It was promptly replaced by another piece, 
this time around her head, to hold the gag in place. Next to her ear 
she heard the sound of a zipper being pulled down, and felt something 
warm and hard against her face. It throbbed and pulsed and twitched 
as it rubbed across her cheek and ear. Leaving a trail of warm and 
sticky slime, it traced a snail path along her jawline and rubbed 
against her lips.
      " Come on, man, get off her so we can put her on the desk," 
said the one in front of her. As she felt the weight lifted from off 
her back, she tried to get up and run, but was immediately grabbed by 
her arms and legs, lifted and flipped onto her back on the desk. 
While two of them held her down, the third tied her wrists and ankles 
to the legs of the desk with lengths of gauze bandage.
      The three of them stood around her, admiring their handiwork. 
"Well, let's see what she's got under all these clothes," one of them 
said. She tried to fight her way free and issued muffled screams as 
she wept hysterically, whipping her head back and forth. This seemed 
to amuse them all greatly, as her cries were answered with mirthless 
laughter.
      One stood between her legs and started to open his pants, 
struggling to get his zipper down over his hardening cock. The nurse 
stopped trying to free herself and stared, eyes wide with shock and 
horror when she saw his long, hard erection spring forth violently 
from his pants. It had to be almost a foot long! She tried to look 
away, but the one who had been sitting on her back grabbed her hair 
with both hands and she was forced to watch as the third assailant 
climbed onto her torso and grasped the lapels of her uniform.
       " Let's see your tits, cow!" he sneered as he tore the dress 
open. "Look at this shit, man. No fucking bra and they stand up on 
their own." He bent his head down, staring into her eyes the whole 
time, and licked her nipples. First he licked one, then the other, 
wetting them thoroughly, and blew on them lightly. She whimpered as 
her nipples hard and taut, standing up little twin cocks. Her skin 
pulled tightly into goose bumps as he took out his cock and began to 
rub it all over her tits.
       She could feel a hard prick throbbing against her neck, as if 
seeking entry into the base of her skull. With a sudden, violent jerk,
 her head was snapped back over the edge of the desk. All she could 
see was a swollen, purplish red dick staring her in the face. It 
bobbed up and down in time with his pulse as the blood coursed 
through it, making it harder and harder.
        The one that was on top of her got off her and stood by his 
companion, one on either side of her head. Once again she could see 
every inch of the enormous cock standing like a tower between her 
legs. The lord and master of this raging beast laughed and ripped her 
dress the rest of the way open." I hope you got a big pussy, slut," 
he said," By the time I'm done fuckin' you, it'll be plenty big, 
anyway." He pinched her pussy lips, hard, through her panties as he 
reached for a pair of scissors. She screamed into her gag as he took 
the scissors and cut a hole in her underwear where he had just 
pinched them. He then slowly ran the cold, sharp blades in between 
her labia. She could feel them poking into her hole, slowly and 
gently probing the soft contours of her sex.
         "Just trying to loosen you up some, you feel pretty tight," 
he observed. Opening the blades a little inside her cunthole, he 
began to twist the scissors around, reaming her pussy. She tried not 
to clench her muscles, but she was so afraid that her entire body was 
as tense as a live wire. He rotated the blades a few more times, and 
then pulled them out, licking them with the tip of his tongue as he 
looked into her eyes.
          "Let's see how much you can take, you filthy fucking slut," 
he said , then inserted two of his fingers into her tight snatch as 
deep as they would go. She gasped in pain and screamed into her gag. 
Arching her back, she begged unintelligibly for him to stop. With a 
grin, he stuck a third finger into her and began to slide them in and 
out, slowly and steadily. He started to pick up speed and force, 
until soon his hand was hammering into her so hard it shook her whole 
body, her breasts jiggling to the rhythm of his pumping arm.
          The other two each grabbed a firm, bouncing tit and started 
to squeeze, twisting them and pinching the hard red nipples. One of 
them bent his head down and clenched a nipple in his teeth, biting 
hard. The other one smacked her in the face with his cock, asking if 
she wanted to taste it, feel it in her mouth, on her tongue, and down 
her throat. She tried to move her face away and was rewarded with two 
hard slaps across it.
          "I'm gonna fuck yer face, pig! I'm gonna stick my cock down 
yer throat and shoot a load all the way to yer stomach!" he said and 
began to take off her gag.
           The fingers that had been jammed in her pussy slid out and 
were removed." Your cunt smells great," he said as he sniffed his 
fingers." Now you are going to get FUCKED, bitch!" Grabbing his big 
dick in both hands, he slid the head of it up and down the slit until 
he felt the hole around the tip of his cock. With a powerful thrust, 
he buried half of it in her. She started to scream in pain as the gag 
was taken from her mouth, but her cry was choked off as a stiff prick 
was stuffed into her mouth and halfway down her throat. She bit down 
on it hard as she felt that huge cock shoved the rest of the way into 
her pussy.
          "You little fuckin WHORE! I'm gonna fuckin KILL you!" The 
bleeding cock was pulled out of her mouth. As the would-be face 
fucker cupped his genitalia in one hand, he punched her in the head 
with the other." You do that again and I'll pull yer teeth out one by 
one and plant 'em in yer ass, skank." He grabbed her by the hair and 
pulled her head towards his cock. With a grunt, he stuffed it as far 
down her throat as he could. When she began to choke, he pulled it 
out of her throat, leaving a few inches in her mouth. "Suck it, 
bitch! Suck it like yer life depends on it, 'cuz it just might." With 
tears streaming down her face, she   obediently sucked on hot bloody 
cock, all the while being slammed by the monster staff in her sore 
pussy.
          "Oh yes girl, nice tight snatch. I can feel it sucking my 
dick like a hungry little mouth. I don't think I can hold my cum back 
much longer," panted the man who was fucking her. She cried even 
harder as she was reamed and battered by the two stiff cocks. The 
third member of the group was pinching and twisting her nipples with 
one hand while furiously stroking his hard-on with the other.
          "Take over for a minute, jerk-off, I have to go do 
something," said the big dicked man as he pulled his over-sized meat 
stick out of her. He wiped it off on her leg and went into the other 
room.
          "Are you ready for my cock, slut? Too bad if you ain't, 
besides you got no say in the matter, with your mouth full of dick." 
He took his cock in his hand, aimed it at her hole, and buried it in 
her with one savage thrust. He shoved it in so hard that her head was 
driven all the way to the root of the shaft of the cock in her mouth, 
forcing her to swallow it into her throat. With a yell of pure joy 
and relief, he came hard and fast down her throat She gagged and 
choked, sure that she would drown from all the hot cum squirting from 
the convulsing hard flesh buried in her neck. He pulled out, cum 
still flying from his open pisshole and splattering her face.
          The one who was fucking her suddenly pulled out of her and 
shot a huge glob of hot, pearly cum all the way up to her tits and 
all over her entire torso. Gasping and choking, unable to make a 
sound, she felt as if were bathing in warm, sticky sperm.
           "Okay, boys, I think she's done on this side, let's flip 
her over," said the returned leader. They undid her legs first, then 
her arms and lifted her to her feet. Wobbling, unable to stand on her 
own, she was forced to lean on her assailants for support. They let 
her drop to her knees on the floor, as one kicked a foot stool in 
front of her. She was bent over forwards so her body rested on the 
stool with her head hanging over the side and her ass in the air. 
They tied her hands and knees to the short legs of the stool, and 
also tied her around the torso to the thing. 
           "Nice ass, you fucking whore," said the leader," Looks 
like a virgin hole to me." Suddenly, he smacked her on the ass, 
forcefully, moving both her and the stool. "Hold it still, I'm going 
to administer some discipline." He began to spank her, hard and fast, 
until her ass was a deep shade of purple. She almost screamed, but 
thought better as she looked at the insanely grinning faces of the 
two who were holding her on either side of her head, their penises 
already growing thick and hard again. They nodded to each other and 
started to smack her in the face with their dripping, half-erect 
organs. She began to sob hoarsely through her sore throat as she 
realized that once again she would have to satisfy their disgusting  
urges with her mouth.
          "Now it's time for some unfinished business," said the 
leader. He came around and stood in front of her, holding his 
enormous member in one hand, and a tube of KY jelly in the other. He 
put a big glob of it on the palm of his hand and spread it all over 
his cock, stroking up and down slowly over the entire length of his 
shaft and around the head, smiling peacefully as if posing for a 
portrait of a saint. "I'll try to be gentle with you, whore bitch, 
you've had a long, hard day. And it's about to get longer and harder" 
he said as he wagged his swollen prick up and down in front of her 
face.
           He walked around behind her and squirted a generous dollop 
of gel into the palm of his hand. He then slapped it between her 
cheeks, none too gently, and smeared it all over her asshole and 
pussy. Positioning  himself on his knees behind her, he put the head 
of his cock against her sore and stretched gash, now gaping from the 
abuse it had taken. Slowly he began to slide it into her and she 
nearly fainted from the pain.
            One of the men grabbed her by the hair and wrenched her 
head to the side saying "Lick my cock, you fucking filthy whore, lick 
it like a nice big lollipop." Instinctively, she tried to pull her 
head away and was promptly slapped in the face several times as the 
other one reached underneath her to twist a nipple as if to rip it 
from her body. "Now stick out your tongue before I cut it out and 
nail it to your forehead, you fuckin stupid bitch." Trying to control 
her sobs, she stuck out her tongue and softly licked his growing cock,
 up and down the underside, flicking it across his swollen head. He 
moaned with pleasure saying," Oh yeah, you treat me nice and I'll 
treat you nice."
            She felt her hair being grabbed once again as her head 
was pulled to the other side." Now lick me, you fuckin pig slut" 
Obediently she ran her tongue along his short fat cock, pulling it 
into her mouth and releasing it with an audible pop.
             Meanwhile, the one who was screwing her began to 
increase his speed as he pumped her full of solid meat. Voluntarily, 
this time, she turned her head to the side, mouth open and ready for 
another cock. The tears still streaming down her face, she took it 
into her mouth. Despite herself, she felt a building sensation and 
realized she was going to come. Letting go of the cock in her mouth, 
she let her head be pulled to the other side again, felt that hard, 
fat prick stretch her lips wide as it fucked her mouth. As she felt 
herself go over the edge, she began to pump her hips in time to the 
big cock in her pussy. The meat in her mouth throbbed and shot a wad 
of cum into her throat, which she immediately swallowed. Stroking his 
dick and moaning, the other guy squirted his load all over her face.
               She felt the monster meat vacate her pussy suddenly, 
and screamed as a second later she felt unbearable, searing pain as 
it was rammed savagely into her tight virgin asshole. "Yes bitch yes 
you fucking whore cunt! I'm gonna come in your ass! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! 
YEEAAHH!" he shouted as he shoved it in all the way, hard. She felt 
the beastly worm spasm and pulsate as if to rip her in half. It 
seemed like all her internal organs were squeezing out of her as he 
came and came for what felt like eternity. Finally , he pulled it out.
 As he did, she felt a hot stream of shit, blood, and cum squirt out 
of her burning asshole. Everything went black as she felt herself 
moving farther and farther away as she blacked out. 

