                               Rubber Surprise.
  
  
  
  
      Robert was feeling fed up. He's already had three days of driving 
  around trying to drum up business, With consequently two nights in 
  mediocre hotels, and the only consolation there had been was that he was 
  able to spend both nights totally clothed in his beloved rubber. Even 
  when he had the anxious moment when the chambermaid, the usual elderly 
  female, had brought morning tea which he had not ordered, and he hardly 
  had the time to remove his latex hood before she was shuffling into the 
  room. Now, expecting to return home, he had followed the boss's standing 
  instructions to telephone back to the office first, only to be told that 
  he must make one further visit, entailing another night's stay in the 
  unfamiliar town. His A.A. book showed only two hotels here. The 
  receptionist at the first hotel shook her head.
     "Sorry, absolutely filled up. You can try the George, but I expect it 
  will be the same there."
     Even more disconsolate at the thought of trailing around trying to 
  find a bed-and-breakfast address, Robert set off for the George. It did 
  not look very impressive as he approached the desk with misgivings. The 
  only person in sight was a oriental women in her late 20's, who appeared 
  to be the manageress, speaking on the phone. She finished the call and 
  turned to him. Robert could now how young and attractive she was, though 
  she did seem quite flustered. Probably just learning the trade, Robert 
  asked her if she had any rooms vacant. In answer to his query, she 
  stated that they had no single rooms vacant, but that phone call had 
  been from a honeymoon couple who had booked a double room long ago but 
  had to change their plans because of family illness. Of course, it would 
  cost more that a single room, but it was the only one to be had. Robert 
  did not hesitate his employer was paying the bills and he needed the 
  room. He assured her that he did not require a porter, as he had only 
  the one bag. he followed her through several corridors, she was 
  explaining that the room was somewhat isolated from the other guest 
  rooms, and that was why the honeymooners had chosen it. She still looked 
  a bit flushed, he thought she was very attractive, He could not quite 
  place the perfume she used there was something very familiar about it. 
  She unlocked a door at the end of the passage, ushered him in, then 
  left. The room looked clean, anyway. He dropped his bag and headed to 
  the restroom.
     He came back into the room and stood astonished. Was he dreaming? 
  This was the time of day when chambermaids turned down beds, but as he 
  well knew, chambermaids were always elderly women who wore overalls. But 
  here was a young oriental women who looked to be in her late teens to 
  early 20's, her jet black hair falling over her bare shoulders, black 
  rubber tights and, a gleaming skimpy black rubber dress with a little 
  white apron. She was discomforted by his return, apologized, blushed and 
  stammered that she had understood he and his wife were arriving later in 
  the evening. By the time he had explained about the honeymooners, her 
  hands had ceased their nervous fluttering and her full breasts were not 
  rising and falling so quickly beneath that lovely dress, but she was 
  obviously ready to rush away. He tried to soothe her by complementing 
  her on her uniform, but this only started her blushing again, saying, 
  "It isn't....I mean....They don't....I'm only temporary...my sister...I 
  hope she doesn't get into trouble too...." Her voice trailed off and 
  Robert could not remember a women who looked so beautiful yet upset all 
  the same time.
     "Sit on the bed and tell me all about it", He commanded, reinforcing 
  his request with gentle pressure on her soft, tan shoulders. He hoped 
  she would not cry, so he tried to divert her mind by asking how long she 
  had been here and who was the sister she had mention. It transpired that 
  she had settled only that week and it was her sister who managed the 
  hotel. Despite strict orders that she must not allow guest to see her 
  rubber dress, she liked it so much that she had removed her overalls 
  just for a moment, thinking no one would discover her in this remote 
  room.
     "I must go now", she said. He comforted her, "I can prove to you that 
  I'm not likely to give you away to your sister".
     She looked with wide eyes. "How?". she asked.
     For an answer he unzipped his bag and exhibited a piece of the black 
  latex cat suit he wore in bed. Her eyes opened wider still.
     "Can I see it?", she asked.
     He pulled the whole cat suit out and the hood and gloves fell out, 
  too.
     "What a lovely suit", she said. "Ruby would adore that".
     He was puzzled to know who Irene was. "Oh, My sister", she explained, 
  "If you saw her when you arrived, you would have seen her in her jumper 
  and slacks that she wears to hide her rubber cat suit". 
     Robert now realized why the older girl's perfume had seemed familiar 
  and wondered how he could have failed to identify the rubber aroma. The 
  girl suddenly jumped up and said that she must get on with her work, 
  Promising to return later when she had finished. Robert unpacked the 
  rest of his meagre belongings, then sat on the chair by the wash-basin, 
  shaking talcum powder on the inside of his latex cat suit.
     He was thinking of going to the dining room for the evening meal when 
  he heard footsteps along the corridor, followed by a knock at his door. 
  Expecting Joesaphine, he called out for her to come in, but it was Ruby.
     "My sister, told me that she had an interesting talk with you", she 
  began,  "I left her looking after reception, so that I might check up on 
  her story. We understand that there are many men who like rubber, but we 
  just didn't know how to identify one unless he was wearing it when he 
  arrived".
     "So what did you aim to do when you found such a man?", he wanted to 
  know. "We hadn't really thought as far ahead as that", she admitted, "We 
  just wanted to see what type he was". He told her that he thought that 
  there was no particular type, just individuals, and asked if he might 
  see her cat suit that she was wearing. Quickly she divested herself of 
  her jumper and slacks and revealed her trim figure beautifully filling 
  the black latex. The suit had once been shiny, but long wear beneath 
  other cloths had removed most of the gloss. Nevertheless, The delightful 
  femininity of her and the odor of warm rubber made him catch his breath. 
  A couple of steps and he clasped the soft rubber covered body in his 
  arms. She was willing, but at that moment she remembered Joesaphine, She 
  quickly dressed again and was way before his disappointment could 
  register. 
     He decided it really was time he had dinner, but before he could rise 
  there came another tap at the door. At his response Joesaphine walked 
  in, carrying her overalls and wiggling her hips in the short rubber 
  dress. She saw that he had thrown his latex suit on the bed and bent to 
  examine it. As she did so he could not fail to see the rubber dress ride 
  higher and that the rubber tights were separated at the crotch. In a few 
  seconds he had unzipped his pants and stood behind her to sample what 
  lies between those wonderful thighs. She was enthusiastic, pressing 
  herself back on him, He was cupping her ample breasts with their soft 
  rubber covering in his hands and was pinching her nipples lightly till 
  they were big and hard, he likes the way hard nipples look under rubber. 
  By now she was very excited, breathing quickly and uttering little gasps 
  of delight. She put her hands behind her seemingly trying to clasps him 
  trying to get him to go deeper into her. Suddenly she launches herself 
  forward so that the pair of them fall on the bed still linked, with her 
  face nuzzle in the rubber cat suit. She nuzzled it happily and began to 
  lick and suck it, which made her more and more aroused, her gasps began 
  taking on a deeper note as she felt his movements becoming more powerful 
  and urgent she then started to climax, but he could no longer hold on he 
  started to cum, he came harder then he could remember in a long time, 
  they both lay there for a while recovering the breath. He told her how 
  wonderful she was and kissed her on her rubber cover breast and nested 
  his face against her breasts thinking how wonderful such a woman was to 
  be with who knows the erotic sensation of rubber, of how it excites the 
  skin to such a peak of ecstasy. She then told him that she only come to 
  tell him that he must hurry if he wished to have dinner, they both 
  laugh. She then was left for the dining room as she busied herself with 
  some other duties.
     After dinner he strolled around town for a while but found little of 
  interest to him, he then decided to return to the hotel and put on his 
  soft rubber cat suit. The suit slipped on easily and soon was warmed by 
  his body heat. He put the hood readily beside him since the small holes 
  for the eyes did not permit him to read properly. He was rather tired 
  and may have dozed off for a few moments. At any rbe hae was aware of a 
  key turning in the lock and Ruby tiptoed into the room still wearing the 
  rubber cat suit she had shown him earlier but with the addition of  
  elbow length rubber gloves. She carried a hood similar to his, she then 
  smiled as she slipped it over her head and asked him to zip it up. She 
  fitted his hood on him, and the couple looked at there reflections in 
  the mirror. Two anonymous figures completely covered in black rubber. 
  She led him over to the bed where they lay, with the rubber surfaces 
  squeaking occasionally with their writhing movements as they caressed 
  each other, she slid herself down the front of him and began to lick and 
  suck his cock thru the rubber and slowly massage him with until he came, 
  then she massaged his cum around to make it nice an slippery. 
     He relaxed enjoying the sensation for a few moments then licked his 
  way down to her rubber covered pussy which was already nice and slippery 
  under the tight rubber, it wasn't very hard to find her clitoris under 
  the rubber as it was standing out proudly, he began to suck it thru the 
  rubber and with his thumb he began it push it into her cunt which pulled 
  the rubber tighter against her already excited clitoris, she began to 
  moan and squirm under the workings of his mouth and thumb. By this time 
  there was plenty of her juices so that he could move the rubber around 
  her pussy with ease, slowly he made little circles around her clitoris 
  while every once in a while sucking very hard on her clit until she was 
  gasping in air very hardily, he liked the way her breasts especially her 
  hard nipples rising and falling faster and faster, she then threw back 
  her head and came screaming. After they caught there breath she pulled 
  herself on top of him and started to rub her crotch back and forth with 
  the slipperiness of the rubber they came once more very quickly, she 
  then rolled off him and they kissed and held each other, occasionally 
  stroking and caressing each other. He grinned to himself under his 
  rubber hood thinking his boss will find that he will have to return to 
  this town for more business quite often in the near future.
  
  
  
  
  
     P.S. I hope that you like this story, It's something I whiped up 
  quickly. If you have any questions or comments about this story write to 
  Fred (My Alias) on this bbs. Yes, Latex and Rubber are basically the 
  same, If you notice I switch Rubber and Latex alot in this story. I hope 
  you all like this story. If you want more I might be able to put 
  something together later on. ENJOY.
  
  
  
  
  
