			    RUNAWAY

		    Another Wicked Tale By

			  Junior Perv

I tugged at the sheets and wondered how I had gotten into
this position.  I'd gotten an assignment from my editor on
the school paper to do a story on the teen Runaways seeking
fame and fortune in Hollywood.  While I was hanging out at
Oki-Dog, I ran into Scotty.  He was a cute young kid who
claimed 18, but looked much younger.  He looked like he
belonged in a whitebread Sitcom family.  I bought him
dinner.

We talked about his abusive upbringing in Arizona and his
adventures on the streets of Hollywood.  I even believed
some of it.  We smoked some grass.  By the time we were
done, he said it was too late to get a bed at the mission
and all the good places would be taken in the abandoned
restaurant where he was crashing.  He just shrugged and
headed down an alley.  Maybe it was guilt, maybe it was the
grass, but I offered to put him up for the night.

As we drove to my place in Silverlake, I couldn't help
stealing glances at him.  A small, slender brunet.  Smooth,
pale skin, full lips.  I shook my head clear.  Everyone
exploited these kids.  I wasn't going to be one of them.  We
finally arrived at my third floor Single.  It was a furnace
in the summertime.  He took a long shower and was grateful
for the couch.  He fired up another jay as thanks.

I hadn't toked in a long time and this was knocking me out.
I crashed early, but the grass had gotten me horny as hell.
Scotty seemed asleep across the room, so I chanced stroking
myself quietly.  And I thought of Scotty.  The bed started
to squeak and I tugged at the sheets again.  I was just
getting into it when Scotty yelled out and sat up.  I sat
up, too, but I couldn't get out of bed.  (For fear of
revealing my oozing boner.)

"Just a bad dream," he said, trying to be tough.  That made
me want him even more.  "You want to talk?" I offered.  He
just did his James Dean shrug again and walked over.  He sat
on the bed.  His clothes were pretty nasty, so I loaned him
a pair of my bikini briefs.  They looked great on him.  He
sniffled once and crawled under the sheets.  My heart
started pounding.  He laid his head on my pillow and told me
about the lover he missed.  He wanted to hold Terry again.
My heart sank as he told me how he found Terry with another
guy.

I still counted myself lucky to be in bed next to such a
cute guy.  Scotty finally got to the end of his story and
looked at me.  He said he didn't think he'd ever meet
another boy like Terry.  Then he smiled.  I brushed the hair
from his beautiful brown eyes.  His hand lightly brushed my
arm.  I leaned in and kissed him experimentally.  He
responded slowly and moved his hand behind my head.  I
shifted in closer to him and we began kissing in earnest.

I didn't want to know how old he was or where he came from.
I just wanted to make passionate love to this boy.  His
quickening tongue told me he wanted the same thing.  As I
moved against him, I moaned as I felt something.  He must
have slipped off the shorts as he got into my bed.  I could
feel his hot, stiff boy-dick against my stomach.  He rubbed
it around, grinding his hips.  I wanted to eat him.  Bad.

I kissed his angelic face, moving down to his neck.  Then I
ran my tongue down his chest.  He tasted good all over.
"You don't have to do this," he breathed.  I kissed his
stomach firmly in response.  Then I wrapped one hand around
his penis.  It throbbed with his fast pulse.  I kissed his
almost hairless thighs, moving closer...closer.  His back
arched as I kissed the base of his cock.  He moaned and
tried to grind my face as I covered his penis with delicate,
wet kisses.  I worked my way to the tip, kissing, then
licking.  It was a small penis, but a perfect, cut, five
inches.  I slid him into my mouth.

I can't Deep Throat, but I was able to work him almost to
the hilt.  His dick was silky heaven in my mouth.  On my
tongue.  He stared talking dirty.  Telling me what he'd like
to do to me.  That got me even hotter.  And I got an idea.
I moved down to his balls, kissing, licking.  I slowly
stroked him with one hand as I reached onto the headboard
with the other...

I pulled my Tube o' Lube out and squeezed some onto Scotty's
cock.  He shivered.  "What's that?!"  "Shhh..." I soothed
him.  I stroked him slowly, greasing him thoroughly.  Then I
moved up the bed until I was next to him, one hand still
holding his rod.  He kissed me fiercely, breathing hard.
"Why did you stop?" he gasped.  I kissed him again and
stroked his face.  "Make love to me, Scotty."  He looked at
he hopefully, excited.  "Fuck me, Scotty.  Please."  He
paused only a moment and kissed me passionately.  "You can
pretend I'm Terry," I whispered in his ear.

He smiled sadly and sat up.  I was worried for a moment, but
then he moved down the bed, lifted my legs and moved in
between them.  He found the tube and oozed a huge gob into
his hand.  He smiled sweetly at me as he wrapped his fingers
around my prick.  I just settled back, enjoying his deft
handjob.  Then I felt slick fingers push into my asshole.
My breath caught as he finger-fucked me.  It was amazing.
Finally, I felt both his hands on my hips.  He lifted my ass
up and moved in closer.  I felt his hot, wet dick pressing
at my ass lips.

Our eyes locked and I fell in love with this street boy as
he slipped his cock into me.  His eyes closed in ecstasy as
he slowly pushed all the way in.  We both moaned, shouted
and laughed as he fucked me, his thrusts growing wilder.  I
gasped that I was almost ready to shoot.  He said to
wait...wait...  Then I felt his cock pulsing deep inside me
and I let go, too.  I sprayed all over the place.  Scotty
was whooping like a wolf as he fucked me faster.  Finally,
he collapsed on top of me, his dick still inside.

He slid up my cum-soaked chest to kiss me again.  His penis
slipped out of me and we rubbed our wet, semi-hard cocks
together as we made out.  I slapped my hands onto his small,
firm ass, grinding against him.  Belly-fucking him as we
kissed a forever-kiss.  Finally, he rolled onto the bed next
to me and we got some oxygen.  We looked at each other and I
knew this was more than just a three-column newspaper story.
I was going to lose my heart again.  I'd probably get hurt.
But then I thought, "What the fuck."

