Archive-name: 3plus/rxforfun.txt
Archive-author: Jay Elle
Archive-title: Rx for Fun


	Cara felt apprehensive, she has had numerous lovers in her life, 
all of them men, and had fantisized about making love to another women, 
but it had never come true, until now.  She had met Jill at the office 
where they both worked as insurance claims adjusters.  From the first 
Cara had felt something when she was with Jill.  It may have been her 
firm full-breasted body, her short blond hair, the sexy clothes that 
Jill wore or the sensuous perfume, she wasn't sure, but she always felt 
excited when Jill was near.  Jill had asked her to come home with her, 
saying that she had a suprise for Cara, and now they were in Jill's 
bedroom kissing passionately.

	Jill started to remove Cara's clothing slowly.  Cara felt that 
maybe she should resist these advances but gave in to the growing 
feeling of excitation.  After Jill had removed all of Cara's clothes she 
stood and started taking off her own.  Cara watched as first the skirt, 
then the blouse came off of Jill's firm, full-breasted body.  She tought 
to herself that her body was a lot like Jill's except that Cara had 
light brown shoulder length hair.  As Jill removed her panties Cara 
noticed that she shaved her pussy but what really amazed her was when 
Jill took off her bra.

	Cara first saw the fine gold chain that circled Jill's chest 
just below her breasts.  Attached to this chain were two shorter chains 
that ran alongside each breast and joined at the top of the breast to 
form a single chain that went over each shoulder and attached to the 
main loop in back.  This had the effect of forming a skeleton bra 
arround Jill's chest.  Cara also noticed that each of Jill's nipples was 
pierced with a golden ring and attached to this ring was another fine 
gold chain that ran down the front of each breast and attached to the 
main loop of chain under the fold of each breast.  Cara asked Jill, 
"What is this?", running her finger under one og the chains.  Jill 
replied, "My lover designed this for me and I wear it because it excites 
him."  It excited Cara too as she moved her hand to to gently cup Jill's 
left breast.  Jill put her hands on either side of Cara's head and 
softly pulled her lips to her breast.  Cara took the nipple in between 
her lips and felt it harden under her tounge.  Jill said, "Here, try 
this" and she lifted her right breast to reveal a small vial attached to 
the chain under the fold.  She removed the vial, which held barely a 
teaspoon of liquid, and poured some of the fluid onto each nipple and 
rubbed it in.  "What is that?",asked Cara.  "My lover is a pharmacist 
and he makes a special love lotion for me, I think you'll like it.", 
replied Jill.  Cara bent forward and tasted the lotion.  It was salty 
and somewhat familiar in taste, it also excited her greatly.

	The two women lay down on the bed and began kissing.  Jill 
worked her way down to Cara's pussy and started to lick her pussy lips 
and gently bite her clitoris.  Cara couldn't believe the intense 
feelings she was experiencing.  Jill swung her body arround so that she 
lay on top of Cara in the "69" position and said, "You do the same to 
me."  Cara stuck out her tongue and lightly licked Jill's clit.  "That's 
right, just like that.", Jill said as she lowered her head between 
Cara's legs to resume her oral attentions.  They started slowly at first 
and were soon both orgasming furiously.

	"Hi Jill, who's your friend?", a voice said.  "Hi Sam", replied 
Jill, "This is Cara, we were just getting to know each other a little 
better."  Standing in the doorway was a women who could have been Jill's 
sister except that she had long red hair.  She had the same kind of firm 
full-breasted body that Jill had and wore similar clothes.  "Cara, this 
is my lover Samantha, would you mind if she joined us?", asked Jill.  
Not knowing what to say, Cara replied that she didn't mind.  Could this 
be the suprise that Jill had mentioned at the office?

	Sam removed her clothing and and lay down on the bed next to 
Cara.  Cara noticed that she had the same jewelery and shaved pussy that 
Jill did. Jill moved down Cara'a body and put her head between Cara's 
legs and started to lick her pussy.  Sam reached under her right breast 
and removed a vial identical to Jill's.  She poured some of the liquid 
on her fingers and then rubbed it on her clit.  She then straddled 
Cara's head and offered herself to Cara'a attentions.  Cara's head was 
swimming as she tasted the lotion on Sam's clit.  She stuck her tounge 
as far into Sam as she could.  "That's wonderful!",said Sam as the three 
women lost themselves in each other.

	John pulled his car into the garage after a long day at work.  
He worked as a pharmacist and was tired after standing on his feet all 
day and taking care of the people who needed his help.  He noticed that 
both Jill's and Sam's cars were in the garage already.  He was looking 
forward to the meal that he knew awaited him.  He was suprised when he 
walked into the kitchen and found no one there and nothing cooking on 
the stove.  He looked in the other rooms downstairs and found that they 
were empty.  He headed up the stairs to the bedrooms and was amazed at 
the sight that greeted him when he walked through the door.

	"What's going on?", he asked.  "Hi lover.", said Sam, "I'm glad 
your home, we can use a good stiff cock right about now."  "Hi lover", 
said Jill as she looked up from between Cara's legs.  Jill and Sam both 
got off the bed and went over to John and each gave him a kiss.  "Cara, 
This is our lover John, he's the suprise I told you about."  "I can tell 
by the bulge in his pants that he would like to make love to you, would 
you like that Cara?". asked Sam.  Cara was speechless but nodded her 
head weakly.  Sam and Jill quickly removed John's colthing and the three 
of them moved onto the bed.  Sam moved back into position straddling 
Cara's head.  John knelt between Cara's legs and Jill held open Cara's 
pussy lips as she guided his stiff cock into her.  He moved in and out 
slowly at first, but kept increasing speed until she couldn't take it 
anymore.  Cara's head was spinning from the intoxicating smell and taste 
of Sam's pussy and the powerful action of John's cock in her pussy.  She 
came as she never had before.  Her tounge worked furiously on Sam's 
pussy until she too exploded and fell back on the bed in exhaustion.  
John pulled out of Cara's pussy and moved up her body to straddle her 
chest.  He offered his cock for her to suck.  She eagerly opened her 
lips and took him as deep as she could.  She could taste her own pussy 
on him.  She could also taste traces of Jill and Sam.  It made her head 
swim.  John felt himself starting to come but held back as long as he 
could.  "That's it lover, let her taste it."' said Jill.  John erupted 
into Cara's mouth.  Instantly she knew where Sam and Jill got there love 
lotion.  She swallowed as much of his load as she could.

	Afterwards, the four of them lay on the bed with Jill cuddling 
next to Cara.  Jill asked, "Would you like to come to live with us and 
be our lover?"  Sam and John both nodded agreement.  Cara never regrets 
the decision she made that day.  She now shaves her pussy clean and has 
her own special set of jewelry including a vial of special love lotion 
that she keeps under her right breast, just like her lovers Jill and 
Sam.  The girls also keep John very busy these days refilling their 
special prescriptions.  It is one task he never minds doing for his 
lovers.               
   
--
