Archive-name: 3plus/1-3some.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: First Threesome


	We were	in her Van, parked at the top of the cliffs at Black's Beach
the first time I brought the subject up.  I had	always wanted to watch my
wife fuck another guy while I was watching, but	she didn't want	any part of
of it.	Mayby my girlfriend would be more receptive to the idea.  Our affair
was over a year	old at the time	and calming down some from the frenetic	start
we enjoyed.  I asked if	she had	ever thought about making love to two guys at
once and of course she had but had never had an	opportunity to try.  I told
her that I could make it happen	if she was interested.	From the way her
kisses increased in intensity I	felt I had my answer. The first	questions were
who, and how do	I know he doesn't have any diseases, good questions in this
day and	age. I told her	I had a	good friend at work that I'd known for many
years, married and not active outside of his marraige but had been talking
about how bored	he was getting.	 Having	made a couple of cruises with him
and seeing him in the shower the added bonus was he happened to	be hung	like
a horse. (Almost).  She	asked if I had said anything to	him and	I said that I
hadn't but if she was interested I would drop a	hint and see what his reaction
would be.  With	her approval I did.  His reaction was fairly predictable, at
first he thought I was kidding but got very interested when I assurred him it
wasn't a joke.

	About two weeks	later,	when our time had just about expired at	our
favorite pay by	the hour motel I asked if she wanted me	to give	Jerry a	call,
I knew his wife	was working and	if he was home he would	be alone all after-
noon.  She said	weeeeeeelll I don't know but what the hell, so I got dressed
and called Jerry up from the pay phone outside.	 He was	home, I	asked him if
he felt	like some company, I still think he didn't believe I was serious but
he said	sure, c'mon over.  The ride from Pt. Loma to North County was very
quiet,	a lot of silent	looks back and forth.  She was very nervous and	so
was I.	She held my hand very tightly as we walked up to Jerry's door and
rang the bell.	He met us with a cold beer and after nervous introductions we
went upstairs to his computer room.  I could tell he was impressed,  she's a
very pretty lady and has a trim	figure to match.  The beer and Jerry's quick
wit soon had us	relaxed.  He put an X-Rated movie in the VCR and we commented
how we had been	watching movies	all morning.  He had picked this one very
carefully,  the	TV screen was filled with 2 guys and 1 girl.   We watched
quietly	for a while, my	dick was trying	to rip its way out of my Levies	 and
the air	was so thick with sexual tension you could cut it with a knife.	 We
were sitting on	the floor in front of the TV and Jerry asked if	anyone wanted
another	beer.  I said yes and bring back the Cuervo too.  While	he was gone I
leaned over and	pulled her to me and we	started	kissing	like there was not
going to be a tomorrow.	 By the	time Jerry got back we were stretched out on
the floor and I	was fumbleing with her belt.  The same belt I had unhooked
a hundred times	was all	of a sudden giving me problems.	 I said	please give
me a hand here man,  I can't get this undone,  Jerry laid down beside us and
we very	slowly unsnapped her jeans.  I moved down to her feet and took off
her sneakers and socks,	 Jerry had her jeans unfastened	and she	picked her
hips off the floor so he could slide them down her legs	and off.  I moved
back up	and pulled her sweater up and over her head, now she was only
wearing	white bikini panties,  Her pink	nipples	were hard and we quickly
each started sucking on	them while taking off our own clothes.	When I
finished undressing I moved down and started kissing and sucking on her	cunt
through	her panties.  When I looked up she had Jerry's dick in her hand	and
was opening her	mouth to take it in.  He was impressive	even when only
partially hard.	 I left	her panties on and continued to	eat her	until the
crotch was totaly soaked,  I moved over	and watched her	suck Jerry's dick,
I knew he was enjoying it cause	she loves to have a man	in her mouth,  I
asked if I could have a	shot of	that and he pulled back	to let me take his
place.	By this	time I knew she	was ready to take him in her pussy and like
she was	reading	my mind	she pulled her panties off and opened her legs wide.
Jerry moved between her	legs and I asked him to	kneel cause I wanted to	watch
his dick slide into her,  He rubbed the	head up	and down her crack several
times and then almost like he was teasing he put the head in,  I watched her
lips spread as he pushed in and	then close back	around the shaft as he got
deeper inside her.  He started pumping slowly, each time he went in farther
until finally he was buried.  I	watched	her face as he started to slam into
her and	knew she was loving it.	 I moved up and	touched	her mouth with my dick
and she	took me	in like	a madwoman.  Jerry started pumping harder and I	knew
he was going to	come and that was enough to bring me over the edge,  as	he
filled her pussy with come I filled her	mouth.	We kind	of laid	there in a
heap for a while,  we were all grinning	like bird fed cats.  I had always
thought	that a threesome would be fun and I was	right.	I leaned over and
sucked one of her nipples into my mouth	and got	it all wet, we had just	fin-
ished passing the Cuervo around	and I shook some salt onto her nipple, licked
it off and took	another	shooter,  by the time came to get dressed and leave we
had salted just	about every part of our	bodies you could imagine.  It turned
out to be the best day I have ever had with my lady,  we got together pretty
regular	after that,  untill Jerry transfered back East,	 I'm still seeing her
on occassion but we never have enjoyed another 3-some.

--
