			The Ten Commandments
			  (c) 1993 by Akai

"That dress looks wonderful on you," I said as she looked at herself in
the mirror, turning prettily.  She was wearing a slinky form-fitting
black dress.  It was one piece, coming down only to mid-thigh, with an
elaborate sleeve and collar arrangement that showed off intriguing
glimpses of shoulder.  It just vaguely suggested that her neck was
bound.  The one-piece little black dress was a new look for her, and it
made her nervous.

"I could never wear this," she pouted.  "I'm still too self-conscious
about my tummy."  She kept turning sideways and checking to see if she
had sprouted an extra stomach recently.

"You don't have a tummy.  You look wonderful."  She did look
wonderful.  She has a hot body that you can break bricks on, and
everyone thinks so except her.  She still sees herself forty pounds
ago.

"I have a belt that would look great with that, back in a sec," the
sales girl said, dashing off to the accessories rack.  She came back
with an elegant chrome belt made of large metal rings strung together
with short lengths of chain.  She couldn't possibly have known how
appropriate that choice was.

"I like that.  Try it on, Copper."  With a bit of fussing, she slung
the belt around her hips and closed the unfamiliar clasp.  Even to
vanilla folk, the effect would be just stunning, but the chains made it
all the more beautiful to me.

"No, I could never make myself go out in public like this.  I'm still
too self-conscious."

"Then I will."  I took both of her hands in mine and stared into her
eyes.  "You are mine, Pet, and you will follow the next ten
commandments that I give you."

"Yes, Master," she whispered in a tentative, but excited voice.

"The first is that you will buy these things."

"Yes, Master," she said with a smile.

"I love spending your money." The sales girl wandered back from helping
another customer, and I said "She'll take these."

"Alright!" she said, chewing and popping her gum.  "I like the way you
two shop:  'That one'.  I wish I had a boyfriend that was that
interested in clothes."  We get comments like that from sales people
all the time.  We're probably the only couple around that has
mathematical-sounding discussions through the changing room door about
the merits of fashion clothing.

"I'm always interested in my Pet's appearance," I said innocently,
doing my best to make Copper squirm without actively freaking out the
sales girl.

Copper made her purchases, and we made our way back to the convention.
Copper put her packages down, and we showered together before getting
ready for the Saturday night festivities.  I like to shower with her,
to watch her lather her slippery, wet, naked body.  Makes me wish I had
a couple of bricks to try breaking on her tight buns.  Besides, it
saves water.

Watching her soap her body inspired me to use a precious second
commandment.  Just as she was finishing soaping herself, I took the
shower-head from the wall and said "Stand against the back wall, Pet."

"Yes, Master," she said.

"Touch your breasts, but not the nipples.  Trace circles around them in
the soap."  She started tracing the circles, spiralling in closer,
unable to resist the temptation to touch herself.  "Those spiral
patterns on your breasts are pretty.  You want to touch your nipples,
don't you Pet?"

"Oh, yes Master." she said, moaning a bit.

"Alright, squeeze them in your fingers.  Roll and pinch them, hard."
She did as commanded, and let out a loud moan.  "Keep squeezing, harder
and harder," I said as I started hosing the soap off her body with the
shower head.

"Yes, Master," she said, closing her eyes and biting her lip.

"Tell me how you feel, Pet," I said, as I continued to hose her off.

"I want you to touch me.  Please touch my clit, Master, I want to
come." At that, I pointed the shower head at her cunt, and pushed her
legs apart so it would pound on her clit.

"That excites you, doesn't it, Pet?"  She nodded.  "You look very hot,
very lusty, my Pet.  Like you desperately want to be fucked."  She
nodded again.  "Pull your nipples outward," I said, as I played the
jets of water back and forth over her cunt.  "Squeeze your nipples as
hard as you can, and if I believe that you're hurting yourself enough,
I'll let you come."

"Thank you, Master," she said, squeezing harder.  She rolled and
pinched her nipples until they were bright red, biting her lip.  The
look on her face, the tense furrowed brow, told me that she was ready.
"Now you may come," I said as I jammed the vibrating head of the shower
massage up against her cunt.  She tensed, shivered, and yelled
"Uhh-hUHH!" as she came.  I clipped the shower head (good name for it)
back in it's holder, and held her in my arms until she stopped
twitching.

"Your nipples will be sensitive for a while, won't they?" I said as I
turned off the water.

"Yes, they will.  Why?" she asked?

"It'll make them easier to find them under your clothing," I said
wickedly.

"Beast!" she spat at me with a smile.

I handed her a towel and said "Come along, it's time to get dressed."

When she had finished drying off, she went over to the closet, and
pulled out two of her nicer dresses.  "Which do you think would be
better for running art at the auction tonight?" she asked,
alternatively holding them up for me.

"Well, they're both lovely, but irrelevant.  Your third commandment is
to wear your new dress tonight, with pumps, black fish net stockings,
and your new belt"  She looked uncomfortable at the prospect.  "And no
underwear.  You can distract yourself from thinking about your tummy by
thinking about how exposed your cunt and ass will be, a bare six inches
from that hem line."

"Yes, Master," she said, taking a deep breath.

We got dressed, Copper as specified, with a bit of encouragement, and
myself in black pants and shirt, cut swashbuckler style.  Pirate boots
and a riding crop in my belt completed the picture.  We left the room
and were walking down the hall when I stopped her and pushed her into
the ice machine alcove.  "Roll up your hem and play with yourself," I
said, standing where I would mostly block her from the view of passers
by.

"Here?" she stammered.

"Yes, here, where someone might see you.  It pleases me to expose you.
But first turn around and present your ass for a spanking for
questioning a commandment."  I gave her two hand slaps on each cheek.
Copper only made tiny gasping noises in the hopes that the ice machine
would cover the noise, but I made the slaps as loud as I could.  Then
she turned to face me and started playing with herself.  Being spanked
always gets her hot, but I suspect the thrill of public exposure added
to her excitement.  In any case, she was already wet before she touched
herself.  When she looked like she was getting close to climaxing, I
offered her a choice.  "You may come if you wish, but only if you cry
out loudly."

The prospect appalled her, but I had caught her at a point where she
couldn't refuse.  She rubbed harder, hoping to get it over with before
someone came along.  Just then the elevator bell rang down the hall,
and I said "You may choose not to come, but you must dab some of your
juice behind your ears.  Be quick, and you might make it before they
get here."  She inserted a finger deep inside herself, and dabbed a bit
behind each ear.  "Plus a bit at the front of your neck," I added, "I
want everyone you snuggle with tonight to know what a wanton slut you
are."

"I was really close to coming, so I'm really want'n, too," she said
with a smile.  As the people got off the elevator and came down the
hall, I let her put her dress back down.  They probably couldn't see
much, but they probably could tell what kinds of things were going on.

When she had regained her composure, other than being a bit flushed, we
continued on down the hall.  We headed straight for the Art Auction, so
as not to be late, since we were working it.  I was auctioneering, and
she was running art, carrying it to potential bidders for closer
inspection.  This evening, much closer.

The auction room was just filling up when we arrived.  We said hello
and chatted with our friends on the art show staff.  Several people
complimented Copper on her new dress, and none of them complained about
her non-existent tummy.  It turned out that there were two auctioneers,
Lou and myself, and three art runners, which meant that Copper would be
working for me every sixth time up.

The auction proceeded fairly well.  We frequently use attractive art
runners to get a little more attention, but Copper was getting quite a
bit tonight in her form-fitting short dress.  The slight scent of sex
wafting from her ears, neck and crotch no doubt was getting some male
phermonal attention, as well.  However, we weren't getting as high
prices as we'd like for some of the better works, so I decided to throw
in a little incentive.  When my next turn up came, Copper was my
runner.  The painting was a truly magnificent rendering of a couple of
Pegasus-like humanoids, rippling muscles, long blond hair, coupling in
mid flight.  Something for everyone.  I took a few limp bids on the
piece, and then announced "The winner of this piece also can get a kiss
from my lovely assistant."  That got lots of response.  Most of the
men, and a few of the women, sat up and started looking interested.

"Hey, how come you get to use bribery?" howled Lou.

"Because she's Mine.  However, I will let you borrow her next time up,"
I said.  That got lots of cat calls, and start the bids flowing.  In
the end, the bidding came down to two determined bidders, a handsome
looking man in the front row, and a woman hiding near the back.  Most
people probably presumed that she just wanted the artwork, but when she
won it, I told Copper to go over and offer herself to the customer,
just in case.  The customer welcomed Copper into her arms, who sat down
and Frenched the woman with enthusiasm.  Her fifth commandment hadn't
been too tough to follow.

When Copper's next turn came up, it was Lou's turn to use her.  He said
to me "So what can I do with her?"

"Bundle a dance with the lady with this piece," I suggested.  Lou
proceeded to auction off the piece of art with fair success, this time
the guy in the front row won.  After he handed over his paper work for
the art, I told him to meet us at the dance after the auction was
over.

When the last piece was sold, Copper and I made our way to the dance.
The guy that had purchased her wasn't there yet, he was still filling
out forms, so I invited copper to join me for a slow dance.  In the
comfort of the dark, she laid her head on my shoulder and cuddled up to
me.  "I felt so exposed in there, running back and forth at your
bidding.  I was afraid you'd order me to expose myself in there."

I comforted her, saying "I know.  I wanted you to feel exposed.  Some
day I will expose you to a room full of people."  She shivered.  Then
my hand drifted around to her front, and found her sensitive nipple.
In the darkened room, I was able to fondle her breasts and tweak her
nipple through the fabric of her dress without too many people
noticing.  She gasped, and arched her back, pressing her breast into my
hand.

When I saw her buyer come in to the room, I caught his eye.  Then my
hand drifted back around to her back, and down to her ass.  "Don't
react to what I'm doing," I commanded.  Then, while he watched, I
slowly pulled the hem of her dress up over her ass.  I put my hand on
her naked butt, and we danced slowly in circles so that anyone and
everyone looking at us could see her naked ass.  Copper buried her face
in my shoulder and shivered as the cool air tickled her, reminding her
of her exposure.

When the dance ended, I said "For your seventh commandment, you will go
dance with him.  Keep dancing until a slow dance comes along.  Then
cuddle up close to him, hike the front of your dress up, and grind your
cunt into his crotch.  Tell him that he can fuck you if he wants to
come back to our room with us."

She looked over her shoulder, swallowed, and said "Yes, Master.  Please
kiss me, Master."  I held her close, tipped her face up to mine by
gripping the back of her hair, and kissed her.  Then with a swat on the
butt, I sent her off to meet her buyer.

I stood back and watched from a distance.  They spoke briefly, and then
went out on the dance floor.  The first song was fast, and so not much
happened except dancing.  It was fun to watch, though, as Copper is a
consummate dancer.  The second song was slow, however, and Copper had
to face up to her instructions.  As she drew close to him, doing as she
was told, he looked questioningly at me.  I just smiled and gestured to
urge him on.  He smiled back, and held her closer.

When the dance was over, they both came over to me.  He introduced
himself, saying "Hi, uh, my name's Rick."

"Pleased to meet you," I said.

"Rick says that he would like to use me, Master," Copper said.

"Yeah, like, this situation's a little new to me, but I'm game," he
concurred.  "What's going on here, anyway?"

"Copper is my pet, and it amuses me to place her in awkward
situations.  She's pretty extroverted, so I have to work at it," I said
with a smile.  "She's going to let you use her body because I told her
to.  I assume you don't mind."

"Hey, no problem.  I'll go for a body like that anytime!" he said with
a grin.

"Let's go," I said, and we headed for the elevator.  The dance and
parties were still in full swing, but we managed to get a mostly empty
elevator.  We moved to the back, since we were near the top.  I pulled
her dress up over her ass again, and placed my hand on her cheek,
concealed by the wall behind her.  When Rick noticed what was going on,
I winked and nodded at him, and he took the other cheek.  Copper
strained not to squeak as I probed at her ass and her aching, dripping
cunt.

When the others got off, and we were the only ones left in the
elevator, I said "Grab a handful," as I reached over with my other hand
and started fondling her breast.  Rick did as I suggested.  "Her
nipples are really large and sensitive, so they're easy to find," I
said as I tweaked and pinched her through the fabric.

The elevator stopped at our floor, and we got off.  There were party
noises coming from rooms part way down the hall, but no one in sight.
"Roll your hem up for the walk down the hall," I commanded.  "Give the
man a preview of what he's going to get."  She complied, and we set off
down the hall.  I don't know whether she was hoping that no one would
come out and see, her, or that someone would, but I suspect that she
didn't really know either.  When we got to our room, I made a big show
of fumbling for my key (there was *no*where she could have carried a
key), and then dropped it in front of me.  "Would you get that, Pet?" I
said, forcing her to bend over and show off her ass to great effect to
Rick.

Once inside, I commanded "Take off your clothes, Pet.  All of them.  I
want you to be the first naked one in the room.  But be sure to give
Rick a nice show."  We then sat down on the bed to watch her slowly
remove her clothing.  The dress is not amenable to a graceful removal,
but once she had that off, she did an excellent job of teasing off her
bra and garter.  I told her to turn around so that her ass and cunt
would face Rick when she bent over to take off her pumps, and then she
rolled down her stockings.

"For your last command, Pet, go get the collar, wrist and ankle cuffs
and put them on yourself, and bring me the D-snaps."

"My last command?" she asked as she returned with the items.

While she put the cuffs and collar on, I explained "Yes, that's ten.  I
don't have any more commandments, so we'll just have to make do with
what we can force on you after you're tied up."  When she was done, I
pulled her hands up over behind her head and clipped them in place
behind her head so that she was bound, but could prop herself up on her
elbows if need be.  Then I positioned her across the bed kneeling, with
her ass up in the air over one end, and her head down on the bed.

"Isn't she a beautiful sight?" I asked.

"Pretty amazing," Rick offered.

"You've been awfully sluttish, haven't you Pet?" I said.

"Yes, Master."

"You need to be punished and used, don't you Pet?"

"Yes, Master.  Please punish and use me as you see fit, Master."

"Would you like to do the honours?" I said, offering Rick her ass.
"She needs to be spanked.  It gets her really hot and wet."  He looked
unsure, so I explained, "Go ahead and spank her.  You can't possibly
hit her as hard as I have," as I thought about the red welts the
braided black cat had raised across her ass.

He tentatively stepped up to her and started to spank her lightly.
Copper moaned slightly.  "Harder, much harder," I said, and he stepped
up the force and the pace.  Copper moaned louder and louder.  While
Rick beat her, I started getting undressed, and then positioned myself
on the bed above her head.  Rick paused when Copper finally cried out
loud.

"Did I hurt you?" he asked.

"Feel her cunt.  She should be practically dripping down her legs by
now."

"Yeah, you're right.  Guess she really likes that.  Her ass sure is
red, though."

"Yes, you like it, don't you Pet.  Tell Rick how it makes you feel."

"It makes me feel hot.  I need to be fucked.  Someone please fuck me,"
she pleaded.

"Go ahead, this is your chance.  Use her cunt," I said, as he started
to open his pants.  "I'll keep her quiet while you fuck her," I said,
and I lifted her head up and put my cock in her mouth.  I handed Rick a
condom, which he put on, and then entered her.  No matter how wet she
is, and she was plenty wet after being dominated all evening and then
thoroughly spanked by someone who had bought her, it always hurts just
a bit when she's first entered.  But she likes it.  She moaned onto my
cock as he entered her, and her head started bobbing up and down as he
thrust into her.  Each time he pushed into her, her head would bob up
and down on my cock.  As his tempo increased, so did hers on me, and so
with only a little bit of effort, I found myself about ready to climax
as he did.  The thought of this stranger coming inside my Pet's cunt
was enough to push me over the edge, and I came in her mouth.  Copper
is intensely attuned to her partner's orgasms, and two men coming
inside her simultaneously pushed her over the edge into a vaginal
orgasm.

Rick pulled out and cleaned himself up, as Copper cleaned me up.  I
stood up and went over to shake his hand and said "Glad to meet you.
Hope you have a good convention," and ushered him out the door.

"Uh, yeah, this was great.  Not what I was expecting from the auction!
See ya!" and he left, dazed but happy.

I went back to Copper and undid her hands from the collar.  I pulled
back the covers and tucked her into bed before crawling in with her and
holding her tight.  "Thank you, Master.  I feel so well used," she
said.  "I could never have exposed myself like that without you, no
matter how much I wanted to."

"You've done well, Pet.  I enjoyed exposing you, making you
vulnerable.  Thank you for your trust."
