
Editor's Note: This file was originally broken into four seperate parts.
               (One for each chapter) And was originally named 11sex**.TXT.



WARNING: If you're offended by stories of sex with children,
         STOP READING THIS NOW!

         Remember, this is only a "STORY."
         This is the only warning provided in this file.


                                       By
                               The Storyteller...

                                   Chapter 1

      I had been living in an apartment with my girlfriend Cathy, for about two
years. Her family had recently moved to town from another state and since she
had missed them, was happy to have them living nearby. She had two younger
sisters, Patty and Kim.

      Patty had short brown hair, brown eyes, a cute smile, and a "perfect"
body. I couldn't believe she was only 14. She was always very quiet. If you
talked to her, she was friendly but would otherwise keep to herself. Kim who
was 10, had long blonde hair, deep blue eyes, the cutest nose, and a smile that
would melt you. Her personality was incredible. She was very outgoing, always
smiling, always happy, and willing to help anyone, anytime.

      Once in a while, either one or the both of them would come over and spend
the weekend with us. I never had any ideas of having sex with either of them,
they just seemed "ok" to have around. Since Kim was the "baby in the family"
and more outgoing, I guess I did pay more attention to her than I did to Patty
who was again, quiet.

      One day, Cathy and I decided to go to a nearby lake for the day and
phoned her sisters to see if they wanted to go with us. Excitedly, they said
yes. We stopped by their house, picked them up, and off we went.

      After finding a picnic table under the trees, we quickly found a nearby
spot on the sand to spread out our blankets. I had worn just my swim trunks, a
T-shirt and sneakers so I pulled my shirt off, kicked off the sneaks and sat
down. The girls had their suits on under their blouses and shorts so I watched
as they began to undress.

      Cathy had worn a blue, one piece suit which she looked great in. She did
have a beautiful body and I never had any complaints about our sex life
together. Actually, she was the horniest female I've ever known, even to this
day.

      Patty, the 14 yr. old, was wearing a yellow two piece suit. It was the
first time I had seen either of the two sisters in a bathing suit. She started
to undress by lifting off her blouse. Her breasts were perfect. They were firm
and stood straight out. Her complexion was absolutely incredible. She stood
there undoing the snap of her jeans and slowly slid them down to her ankles.
Her belly was firm and flat. Her hips, thighs and ass were so perfectly
proportioned to the rest of her body, I couldn't believe it. This girl was
built like a "brick shit house" and yet she didn't seem to be aware of it. If
she was, she certainly didn't act it.

      I could feel myself start to have a hard on and quickly rolled over onto
my stomach to hide it. Cathy had already started down towards the water and was
soon followed by Patty.

      Kim, the 10 yr. old, was still at the blankets with me, getting her towel
organized and opened. She started unbuttoning her shirt as she kicked off her
sneakers. I looked at her and teasingly said "I hope you have a bathing suit on
under those clothes." She looked at me and giggling, said "Oh, I do."

      As she took her shirt off, she bent over to put it down on the blanket. I
could see the beginning of another perfect body on the way. She was wearing a
white bikini top which was a little big for her. Her breasts were just starting
to develop, and I could see her little nipples protruding through the material.
She then stood back up and started to remove her red shorts. The bottom of her
bikini was also white with two little fish on her left ass cheek. Her legs were
quite nice for a ten year old, but weren't yet fully developed. Her hips had
already started to show the soft gentle sweeping curves of a young woman. Her
complexion was also incredible. Her thighs and the upper backs of her legs
looked so soft.

      As she was about to head down to the water, I said, "I love your fish.
You look cute and sexy in that bikini." She looked at me smiling and again
giggling, said, "thanks," then ran off to join her sisters. I wanted to join
all three of them right away but couldn't. I had to wait until my hard on died
down!

      It took about fifteen minutes or so before I dared to stand up. As I
approached the water, I knew I was about to get splashed by all three of them
so I decided to dive right in. They were all waiting to get me. Cathy suggested
we play 'Tug of War'. Since she and I were larger, we would each hold one of
the sisters on our shoulders and they would try and knock each other off. Cathy
decided I should hold Patty on my shoulders since she was a little bigger than
Kim. The thought of playing this game gave me an instant hard on again.

      I looked at Patty wondering if she would be embarrassed playing this. She
didn't seem to give it a thought. I said "ok, turn around and open your legs a
little. I'll go under water and pick you up on my shoulders." She did, and I
did. I couldn't believe we were about to play this game.

      I held my breath and went under. I came up behind her and was staring at
the most beautiful, tender, legs and ass I had ever seen. I had all I could do
to prevent myself from slipping my hands on the inside of her thighs and
grabbing that ass and pussy. My cock was as hard as a rock! I slowly put my
head between her legs and even more slowly came up until the back of my neck
rested up against her cunt. Her thighs slowly squeezed the sides of my neck as
she wrapped her ankles behind my back. I came up for a breath of air thinking,
I hope we play this all day.

      When I stood up, Cathy and Kim were already set to take us on. As we
approached them, Patty squeezed her thighs a little harder against the sides of
my neck and I put my hands on both her hips to hold her from falling off. They
were so soft and warm I thought my cock was going to explode right then and
there! Since we had the strength and weight advantage, we would win each time.
As we knocked them over, I would fall over on top of them so Patty would fall
into the water too. Each time, my mouth would find it's way to the inside of
one of her thighs as my hand would also find it's way to the upper backs of one
of her legs or ass. She didn't seem to notice in all the excitement. If she
did, she certainly didn't show it, or seem to mind and either did I.

      After five or six losses, Cathy suggested we swap partners. Kim was all
excited at the possibility of winning one by being on my shoulders. So was I! I
said, "ok turn around, let's beat these guys!"

      This time when I went under and approached that cute little ass with the
two fish on one cheek, I gently squeezed the fish as I put my head between her
thighs. Kim must of thought I was signaling for her to open her legs a little
because she spread them apart more. My cock was going "bonkers" while my heart
was pounding with excitement. Again, I slowly raised my neck up until I could
feel it touch her pussy. I then slowly rubbed it back and forth a little as if
I were trying to find a comfortable position. I was a little worried she might
become afraid and move away but she didn't. She must of been caught up in all
the horse play because she stayed there with her legs open as I got myself
situated. I put my hands on her hips to hold her on as I stood up.

      They were all laughing, giggling, and splashing one another when I came
up. I thought I was in heaven. I couldn't believe this was happening. What a
great game!

      Each team went at it again only this time it was a little harder for us
to win. Cathy was having a harder time holding up Patty because she was heavier
than Kim. I tried staying in deeper water to hide my stiff cock from the girls'
view. They tugged and pushed at each other while Cathy and I each tried to
position ourselves strategically for the next attack. Patty was able to push
Kim off the first time.

      As she fell off, I went under with her, gently holding on to the backs of
her legs right up near her suit bottom. I was getting more and more excited,
wondering how she would react. She didn't seem to mind. Her legs were so soft,
I couldn't believe it. Again, I thought my cock was going to explode. A couple
of times I had rubbed my forearm softly against her cunt while falling under
water. She didn't seem to mind or notice that either.

      We played this game for a while longer then decided to take a break to
catch our breaths. By now, my cock was throbbing with desire. Cathy had started
floating on her back and was moving away from us. Patty ended up going along
with her and they started gabbing about the times when they were younger. Kim
stayed near me, swimming around smiling and looking absolutely adorable. Every
once in a while she would swim right in front of me and I would reach out and
gently take her under my arm and hold her by her belly for a moment then toss
her playfully up in the air a little. Naively, she didn't seem to mind me
touching her body.

      Kim soon asked me to throw her high in the air and I agreed. I couldn't
believe what this little 10 year old was doing to me. I was excited as hell! I
said "turn around and face away from me. I'll hold you by your waist and count
to three. On three I'll throw you." Smiling and giggling, she agreed and
quickly turned around facing away from me. At first, I put my hands on her
waist to throw her up in the air. After the first few times, I began moving my
hands lower, and put them on her hips, telling her I'll get better leverage
this way. I would start counting and on each count, would "bounce" her a little
higher until I reached the number three and would then toss her in the air.
Each time I touched her hips, I almost went nuts. God she was soft. We did this
about five or six times before I lost control.

      The next time, I pretended my right hand slipped off her hip as I was
counting and slid it down the front of her suit bottom quickly. I could feel
that incredible little slit as my finger rubbed down and then back up it's
unbelievable softness. At first, I couldn't believe I had done that. I was
almost in a panic, thinking, that was it, she would start screaming or crying.
I quickly looked down at her ready to apologize when I saw her simply smiling.
I couldn't believe this, it didn't scare her. I caught hold of my senses, and
tossed her a couple of more times, each time, making sure to hold her only by
her waist.

      Cathy and Patty had floated back near us by this time and said they were
going to lie down and get some sun. My cock was stiffer than hell so I knew I
couldn't get out right then. I said I would join them shortly and dove under to
cool off. I figured Kim would go along with them but when I came up, she was
right there swimming around me still looking cute and adorable seemingly
unaware of what had just happened.

      After a few moments, Kim asked me how far I could swim under water while
holding my breath. I thought to myself, thank God she changed the subject and
said "I don't know, how far can you swim?" She said she didn't know either. I
said "well let's find out. You stay here." I moved away from here about 20 feet
or so and said "ok, let's see if you can swim between my legs from there." She
smiled and said "Oh, I can do that, that's easy." She then held her breath and
dove under. Without thinking, I dove under right after her thinking I would
surprise her underneath. We could see each other approaching one another. I
thought she would surface when she saw me but she didn't, she kept getting
closer. I swam right up to her and kissed her on the cheek. She smiled and we
surfaced. She said "hey, I thought you were going to wait there for me?" I said
"ok, ok, let's try it again." I couldn't believe what was happening, the little
shit didn't seem to mind me kissing her. I was completely blown away.

      I looked over to the beach to see where Cathy and Patty were. They were
lying on their stomachs, yacking away with their backs to us not paying any
attention to what we were doing. I again went about 20 feet away from Kim and
said "ok, this time I'll stay here. Try it again." She dove under and swam her
way to me easily making it between my legs. I wondered if she would notice the
bulge between my legs. Boy was it bulging!

      When she came up she said "ok, it's your turn." Before I knew it, she
swam away from me, turned around, and yelled back "ok, you try it." As I began
to swim towards her and could see her in the distance, I began to think, if
nobody else was around, I would of taken my suit off and come up naked. I was
losing it again. As I approached her, I was staring at those cute little legs
and that wonderful little spot between them. I came right up to her with my
face almost rubbing that sweet little pussy then went lower to get between her
legs. As I passed through, I turned on my side and ever so slowly, rubbed my
whole arm gently along her pussy, wondering how she would react. I again
thought I was dreaming the whole thing. I was more excited than I could ever
remember being before. Never had I been this turned on before!

      When I came up, I quickly turned to her to see her reaction. She
immediately said "ha ha, you almost didn't make it." I don't think she realized
how accurate that statement really was. She wanted to try it again only this
time, she wanted me to get farther away. I happily obliged. This time, when she
started going between my legs, I gently closed them around her for a second
before letting her pass through. I was hoping to catch her and get her to rub
against my cock but she stayed to close to the bottom. She came up smiling as
usual and wanted me to try again from a greater distance. I again did the same
thing as before. As I approached, I turned on my side and again, very slowly
and gently, made sure my whole arm rubbed up against that sweet little slit.
This time I also put my hand up on the inside of her thigh so my finger was
touching the edge of her suit right adjacent to that heavenly slit. Again, she
didn't even budge. She just stayed right in place.

      When I came up, she was smiling at me innocently again not seeming to
mind. I floated on my back facing her, my cock bulging just below the water's
surface. I watched her eyes to see if she was looking at it but she wasn't. I
honestly don't think she knew what she was doing to me.

      She started to float on her back with her feet towards mine. I looked
around and noticed nobody was anywhere near us. I reached forward and gently
took one of her ankles in each hand and slowly pulled her towards me spreading
her legs along my sides as I did. I was looking directly into those beautiful
blue 10 year old eyes and they were looking directly back into mine. My hands
slid slowly up to the backs of her knees and I inched her forward ever so
slowly and ever so gently, spreading her legs wider apart as her sweet little
cunt came ever closer to my stiff bulging cock.

      I was ready to let go immediately if she showed any sign of fear but so
far she hadn't. When her sweet little pussy was about three inches from my
swollen cock, I gently put my left hand along the inside of her right thigh and
softly caressed it. I slid my hand down her leg to that sweet tender slit and
gently rubbed my finger along it several times while staring into her eyes. I
whispered "does that feel good?" She pulled away slowly. My hands let her slip
away. I was really afraid of scaring her and I think I finally did at that
point. Then I noticed she was looking at me with a curious, not frightened,
stare. It was as if she was discovering something she had not known before. She
went under water and came up saying she wanted to lie down and get some sun. I
watched as she swam towards the beach trying to figure out what was happening
to me.

       It took about 15 minutes of diving under water to calm down and cool off
a little before I could get out of the water without my cock showing itself off
to the world. My mind was spinning as I tried to make sense of what I was
doing. I couldn't.

       When I got to the blanket, I laid down next to Cathy who had dozed off
by this time. I lied on my stomach because I could feel myself swelling again.
Cathy was on my left with Kim lying on her stomach to Cathy's left. Patty had
her back to us and was reading.

       I started staring at Kim and couldn't take my eyes off of her. She was
staring back at me and wouldn't take her eyes off of me. I was wondering what
she was thinking about. My eyes were looking over every inch of that cute
little body, my mind and bulging cock, were wondering what it would be like to
make love to her. Every once in a while my eyes would stare towards her eyes,
and her eyes would be there waiting to meet mine. This kid was incredible, what
the hell was happening to me?

       This had gone on for about 20 minutes when Cathy woke up. She sat up and
asked me if I wanted to have a cookout later that night when we got home. I
said "sure." She asked her sisters if they wanted to come over for the cookout
and spend the night sleeping over. Patty said she didn't want to because she
was suppose to go somewhere with one of her girlfriends early the next morning
but KIm excitedly said yes. Needless to say, this got me excited! I looked at
her and she was again staring at me with a smile.


                                   Chapter 2

      The end of the day finally came and we decided to leave the beach. We
packed everything up, and headed for home. Cathy wanted to drive so I sat in
the passengers seat in the front. Patty and Kim climbed in the rear seat, Patty
sitting behind me and Kim sitting behind Cathy. As we drove to the girls' house
to drop off Patty, I would periodically look into the rear view mirror to catch
a glimpse of Kim. Each time I did, she would be looking at me with a smile. I
could feel my cock getting stiff again. We had all been in the sun all day but
I couldn't tell if I was hot because of that or because of sweet little 10 year
old Kim.

      When we got to their house, Patty jumped out grabbing her beach bag, shut
the rear door, then leaned in my window a little to thank Cathy and me for a
good time. As she did, the front of her blouse fell away from her body. I could
see down the top of her blouse. She must of removed her suit top at the beach
while I was packing the car because both of her breasts were staring me right
in the face. They were incredible! They were so firm and her skin looked so
soft. I could see the complete nipple of her right breast. God how I wanted to
just reach a few inches to fondle it with my hand and caress it with my mouth
and tongue. She looked fantastic!

      My cock was pounding. I had to keep myself turned and my legs crossed to
try and hide it. As she started to pull away from the window, she leaned over
and gave me a kiss on the cheek then smiled and said "thanks." I almost lost
it. I wanted to reach over and pull her inside and make love to that 14 year
old right then and there!

      When she turned to walk toward the house, I was staring at the most
beautiful legs and ass I had ever seen. They were so perfect. She was a
knockout! God I wanted her!

      We got to our apartment and unpacked the car. The three of us were hot
and sweaty. I started the grill while the girls did the unpacking. By the time
we ate and cleaned up it was about 6:30 in the evening. I decided to jump in
the shower before them figuring if I didn't, it could be hours by the time they
finished using the bathroom.

      When I came out of the shower, I was too sunburned and hot to get dressed
so I threw on a pair of thin nylon jogging shorts, grabbed a cold soda, turned
the tv on, then plopped my ass down on the couch to relax.

      I could overhear Cathy and Kim in the bedroom whispering about something
but I didn't really pay any attention to what they were saying. Cathy took a
quick shower then put a nightgown on and went into the kitchen to do something
while Kim took a shower. I went in the kitchen to talk to Cathy about plans we
had made for the following day.

      We started talking, when she suddenly started laughing about something. I
said "what the heck's so funny?" She said "don't you dare tell Kim I told you
this" then she said "didn't you hear us whispering in the bedroom?" I said
"yea, but I didn't pay attention." She continued, "Kim didn't have anything to
wear to sleep in tonight so I gave her a pair of my underwear and a nightgown
to wear." I said "yea?" "She was worried you would see her boobs" she said as
she again laughed. "I told her not to worry, that you wouldn't look. She's only
10 and she's thinking about stuff like that already." We both chuckled about it
together then I said "ok I won't look at or say anything to her."

      Just then, the phone rang. Cathy picked it up and I went back into the
living room. A few moments later, Kim came through and went into the bedroom,
took a pillow off the bed, came back out, and threw it on the smaller couch
across from where I was sitting then laid down on her side facing me. As
always, she was smiling. I said "do you feel better after that shower?" She
said "yea, a lot better."

      She was wearing the nightgown Cathy had given her. It was a sheer light
blue satiny material, sleeveless with a little strip of white lace around the
neckline and bottom edge. When Cathy wore it, her boobs would really stick out
and it would just about reach her crotch. Kim looked so cute in it. It went
down to about half way between her hip and knee. The front neckline was really
low on her. The blue material brought out the deep blue in her eyes. Surrounded
with the blonde hair, she looked like a little angel from heaven.

      My cock was starting to swell again. With little holding it down, I
quickly crossed my legs and put them up on the coffee table and grabbed a
pillow from the couch to help hide it. Needless to say, I was getting excited!

      Cathy came into the living room and said "Becky's on the phone. She's
suppose to go do a lingerie party tonight but she's sick and wants to know if I
would go do it for her. Would you mind if I went? I should be home by
midnight." Then she looked at Kim and said "do you mind? I'll make it up to you
next weekend." Kim said "no, it's all right."

      I couldn't believe what I was hearing! Cathy was about to go out for
three or four hours and leave me there alone with the cutest little thing I had
ever seen. My cock was throbbing, my heart started pounding like a freight
train and I had to try and stay calm or at least look it. Like a dummy I said
"are you sure you want to go. Aren't you tired?" Then I asked myself "what the
hell are you saying?" She said "No, I'm ok, besides I owe Becky the favor." I
then quickly said "ok, I don't mind." She hung up the phone, went and got
changed, then gave both me and Kim a kiss and left. A few minutes later, I
heard the car pull out of the driveway.

      Kim was reading a magazine so I quickly got up and went into the kitchen
so she couldn't see my bulging cock. I took a drink of water then called out
and said "do you want a soda?" She said "no thanks." I took a few minutes to
calm down then grabbed a soda for myself and went and sat back down. As I
looked over at her, she was putting the magazine down on the coffee table. I
said "why don't you put the pillow over there so you can watch the tv." I was
pointing to the other end of the couch I was sitting on.

      I didn't even finish saying it before she jumped up and moved over to the
couch I was on. She threw the pillow down and laid with her head at the other
end of the couch. Her knees were slightly bent so she could put her feet down
next to my thigh. She pulled the nightgown down to cover her legs, as far as it
would go as she looked at me, shyly smiling. The nightgown had just made it
over the edge of her cute little knees.

      There I was, with this adorable little ten year old laying down half
naked, just to my right. My body temperature must of shot up about 10 degrees
when I felt the heat from her feet touched my naked thigh. I quickly grabbed
the pillow I had before, to cover up what the thin nylon shorts I had on,
weren't able to hide.

       I looked down at her and said "you can put your feet up on my lap if you
want." She repositioned herself a little, then lifted them up and placed them
on my lap, almost touching my aching cock. I gently put both of my hands on her
feet and massaged them a little. She smiled at me then turned back towards the
tv, closed her eyes, and seemed to really relax.

      I was having all I could do to control myself! I slowly started to gently
rub her ankles and the front and back of her lower calfs. She was so soft and
her flesh was so hot! My left hand softly rubbed her feet while my right hand
slowly moved a little higher up her calfs. I couldn't seem to be able to
control myself. My mind was trying to say no but my hands and eyes were saying
yes!

      As my right hand reached the back of her knees, I gently lifted the
bottom edge of her nightgown above them. I ever so slowly and so softly started
to touch the backs of her knees. She jerked her legs away for a moment, looked
up at me and said "that tickles." Then she put them back down exactly like they
had been. I looked down at her and said "I'm sorry, I'll try not to tickle
you." Then I started to gently rub the backs of her knees again.

      As I looked down and saw her lying on her right side, her blonde hair was
shinning in the dim light of a lamp mounted on the distant wall. The only other
light in the room was coming from the tv on the floor across the room. I looked
at her legs just above where my hand was. I could see the fine blonde hair on
the backs of them. She was so young and so beautiful.

      My hand started to slowly caress the backs of her thighs. I was getting
real nervous, afraid I would scare her. She just lied there still and relaxed.
Her leg muscles were soft not tense. My hand slowly made its way up to the
bottom edge of her undies. I was in heaven. I couldn't believe how fantastic
she felt! My finger tips were caressing every single inch of the backs of her
legs slowly and lovingly. I gently picked up the nightgown and raised it up
above her hip, just below her waist. She looked up at me as I whispered "you're
not wearing those cute little fish." Then smiling at her, I said "you still
look cute and sexy though." She smiled and giggled.

      Riiiing.... The damn phone rang and scared the hell out of both of us. We
both jumped! I immediately got up, forgetting I had the biggest hard on pushing
my shorts out like there was no tomorrow. I quickly ran into the kitchen to
answer it. It was my brother-in-law. I wanted to kill him right then and there.
"What are you doing" he said. "Nothing at the moment" I barked. "What's up.
What do you want" I asked? He wanted to borrow my scuba gear the next day so I
said ok and hung up. Man was I pissed. Here I am dying from near ecstasy and
this "jackass" who never, ever calls me, decides to call me tonight of all
nights! I couldn't believe it.

      As I went back in the living room and sat down, I noticed Kim had pulled
her nightgown back down to just below her knees and had tucked it in between
them to keep it from rising up. "Was that Cathy" she asked? "No, my idiot
brother-in-law" I replied.

      I looked over at her and thought "I must of scared her," looking at the
way she had tucked the nightgown between her knees. After a few moments of
silence, I again looked at her and whispered "come here, I have to tell you
something." She jumped up on her knees, right next to me and leaned her ear
towards me as if I was going to whisper in it. My right hand gently reached up
and pulled the shimmering soft hair off her shoulder away from her face as I
leaned forward and gave her a kiss on the cheek. "You are adorable" I softly
whispered. A big grin came across her face. I leaned forward and kissed her
cheek again this time cradling her other cheek in my left hand.

      I kissed her cheek two or three times then started kissing and nibbling
on her ear as I whispered "you have the daintiest ears, the softest and warmest
skin I've ever felt." She giggled a little and smiled. My left hand started
turning her face towards mine. I looked into her gorgeous deep blue eyes and
said "you are incredible." Then my lips found their way to her nose, forehead,
and finally her lips. I was just barely touching her lips with mine while my
left hand was caressing her right cheek and neck. I was going over the edge.

      I couldn't of stopped kissing this little girl if I wanted to. She was so
soft and warm. My lips kissed her top lip gently then her bottom lip ever so
slowly. When my tongue started to look for her lips, it was met with an
incredible surprise. The soft moist warmth of her tongue greeted it. I couldn't
believe this! Her mouth was opening and her tongue was inviting mine in. I was
again in heaven. We started gently swirling the tips of our tongues together.
My finger tips were gently rubbing her neck and right arm. My tongue was being
pulled all the way into her mouth by hers. This little ten year old was getting
hot and so was I!

      As our tongues intermingled, my left hand went slowly down her right arm,
caressing it as it did. Her skin was like silk. As my fingers found her hand,
she gently squeezed them. I lifted her hand to my face and started kissing each
of her fingers. I looked down at her and whispered "I adore you." She looked up
at me, smiled, and gave me a peck on the cheek. I slowly pulled away, and moved
back to where I was sitting before this all started. She slowly moved back down
to her pillow again.

      My cock was almost ripping right through the nylon of my shorts. I
couldn't think or didn't want to. I don't know which. This little girl had me
and didn't know it. My right hand started to fondle her calfs again. Slowly, it
made its way upward to the back of her knees. I stopped there for a moment and
tickled the backs of them. She giggled a little and smiled. Then my hand
started to slowly move its way up the back of those ever so soft, ever so
smooth, and ever so warm little legs until it reached the bottom of her undies.
I looked down at her and whispered "you've got the cutest little rear end." She
looked at me and smiled.

      My hand went up over her undies and started to gently caress that cute
little ass. I was still a little nervous about frightening her. My fingers ever
so gently, started to caress each cheek and the backs of her upper legs. After
a few moments, they were following the crack in between those adorable little
ass cheeks. She just stayed there, on her side, smiling, not moving, not in the
least bit tense. One of my fingers gently found its way under the edge of her
undies and my whole hand followed it. It began caressing the hot, soft, smooth
flesh of those little buns, hips, and legs. My finger followed the soft little
curve of the crack in her ass downward to its end until it met with an
unbelievable surprise! Her little pussy slit was soaking wet! At feeling this,
my hand slowly withdrew itself. I couldn't believe a little ten year old could
be this wet!

      My right hand came back down to the back of her left knee as my head
leaned downward until my lips found her knee top. My left hand started to move
slowly up along her shins until its finger tips found where her two knees met.
I had absolutely no control at this point. I wasn't thinking, I was just doing.
I kissed her knee and calf a little as the fingers of my left hand tried to
gently persuade her knees to open. My right hand was again caressing the bare
skin of that unbelievable little ass.

      I stopped kissing her for a moment, looked up at her and whispered "don't
be afraid, I won't hurt you. Open your legs a little." As I finished saying it,
my fingers again tried to persuade hers knees to move. This time they were met
with delight! Her upper knee started to move up, away from the lower one. I
started kissing, first the front and top, then the inside of her upper knee as
my left hand started to caress the inside of her lower knee and lower thigh. I
looked up at her for a moment and she was smiling, enjoying it.

      My mouth and tongue started to move down the inside of her upper thigh as
my left hand made its way up the inside of her lower thigh. God this little
girl was soft and warm! The finger tips of my left hand found the edge of her
underwear while my mouth and tongue started kissing the insides of both her
thighs, moving ever so closer to that ever so wonderful prize. My right hand
was cradling that soft warm little ass. The fingers of my left hand started to
gently rub the satiny material of her undies up and down, along the crease of
that exquisite little slit of joy. I was in another world!

      I could feel the material of her undies getting wetter and wetter. My
finger carefully slid its way under the edge of her undies and found its way to
that wonderful little slit. It slipped inside about and inch then quickly
pulled itself out. I couldn't believe how easy it went in! I looked up at her
again to see if she was frightened. Her eyes were closed, she was breathing
heavy. I raised my head up away from her as my right hand came out from under
her undies and started to slide them down off that unbelievable little ass. I
closed her legs for a moment as both my hands worked together to gently remove
her covering.

      I looked down at that adorable little face and found her eyes still
closed and that wonderful smile. I had lifted the nightgown above her hips up
to about her waist. My left hand slipped two fingers under the upper edge of
her undies while my right hand did the same to the lower edge. My eyes watched
her as my hands did the deed. I pulled the undies very carefully and slowly
downward until that beautiful little ass was fully exposed.

      I leaned over and began to softly kiss those adorable little buns as my
hands continued with their task. My mouth and tongue were ecstatic with joy! I
kissed downward along the backs of her legs as my hands pulled the undies
towards their goal. When my hands reached her ankles, she surprised me by
lifting her legs up and apart, as if to aid me in this marvelous attempt. I was
dumbfounded but continued.

      As I dropped her underwear on the floor, I slipped off the couch on my
knees and moved toward her. I marveled at the sight of her. She was lying on
her right side with her knees together, naked up to her waist where I had
carefully placed the bottom edge of the nightgown. Her knees were bent slightly
preventing me from getting a good view of her most precious offering. My eyes
followed the edges of those beautiful little legs, hip, and ass cheeks. Her
bellybutton was an "inner," so soft and sexy looking. I looked over at her
angelic face. Her eyes were closed, her golden hair draped over her left
shoulder. She was still breathing heavy. I noticed how flush her face was and I
could see tiny beads of sweat on her eyebrows and around her lips. I slowly
leaned over and started to kiss and lick the beads of sweat from her lips as my
right hand again started to caress the back of her upper leg while at the same
time moving upward until it found the warmth and softness of that little rear.

      Her head turned slightly causing me to open my eyes and pull away a
little. I was looking into those deep blue eyes. As I did so, I whispered
"let's go get comfortable" as my right hand started to move under her knees.
She just kept staring into my eyes and didn't say a word. My left hand started
to reach under her neck as her arms reached upward and around the back of my
neck. I slowly stood up, cradling this wonderful little angel in my arms. I
looked down at her and could now see the upper end of her wonderful little slit
tucked away in between the safety of those beautiful little legs. I looked back
into her eyes and whispered "I want you," then carried her into the bedroom.


                                   Chapter 3

      As I walked towards the edge of the kingsized bed holding this sweet
little ten year old angel in my arms, my knees began to shake. I couldn't
believe this was happening. I sat down on the edge of the bed closest to the
bedroom door. Carrying her in, cradled in my arms the way I did, unknowingly
caused her nightgown to rise up above that cute little rear end of hers. When
the warmth and softness of that incredible little ass touched my bare skin it
shot through me like wildfire going through sagebrush! My cock got so hard I
thought it was going to explode! Her right hip was up against it so I knew she
could feel it. I was afraid it would frighten her but there was nothing I could
do about it.

      I sat there just hugging her for a moment with my left arm around her
back and left side while my right hand was gently on her knees. The top of her
head was just touching the bottom of my chin as her face was looking downward
shyly. I kissed the top of her head and whispered "Kim, you are beautiful." My
right hand slowly moved up along the outside of her left hip savoring the
warmth and softness of her young skin. I found her left hand and guided it up
to my lips where I slowly kissed each finger again. Then my right hand found
her chin and slowly raised it towards me until I could see that adorable little
face.

      As her eyes met mine she smiled but didn't utter a sound. I gently kissed
her forehead several times then her nose and whispered "gosh, you have a cute
little nose." She giggled. I started kissing her right cheek. As my lips began
moving towards hers, my right hand started gently caressing her left cheek and
neck. At first, I barely touched her lips with mine. I was mesmerized by this
little girl. Never have I been so controlled by anyone or anything as I was at
that moment by her.

      I slowly and very gently kissed her lips, first the top one, then the
bottom one. As my tongue began to search between her lips it was again met by
her tongue. I gently touched the tip of it with mine and slowly moved about it
in circles. Then I stopped and started kissing her lips again. When I did, she
stopped and pulled away for a moment causing me to open my eyes. Those
beautiful blue eyes were staring into mine curiously. It was as if she was
asking me if she did something wrong, as if she was saying "hey, why did you
stop, did I do it wrong?" I looked into her eyes, smiled, and whispered "you
are incredible!" She smiled, then closed her eyes and moved her mouth towards
mine again.

      Our lips barely touched before our tongues met and became one. I could
feel the heat from her little rear and the backs of her legs against my lap and
my whole body began getting real hot. My right hand started slowly moving
downward along her left arm, then her hip and along the outside of her left leg
until it found her knee. My fingers moved to where her knees met and tried to
separate them. At first they resisted. Our tongues were moving around each
other more and more now. My fingers again tried to find their way between her
knees and this time were allowed in between them. Her skin was so hot and so
soft! My hand started to slowly move her left knee away from the other. After
about an inch of movement, her knee stopped and hesitated, as if she wasn't
sure. I again started to kiss her lips for a moment and then went back to that
fantastic little tongue. As I did, her knees began moving farther apart.

      My right hand started to slowly and gently caress the inside of her left
thigh. My hand could feel the heat flowing from her skin. I then moved it to
the inside of her right knee. I gently pulled her knee towards me pressing the
outside of her leg firmer against my bulging hard on. I was again going over
the edge! As I started to slowly move my hand up along the inside of her thigh
I entered another world. God she was soft and warm! I would move my hand up a
little then stop and move it back down a little. Each time I moved it upward, I
would go a little further up her thigh.

      Every few moments I would move my hand to the inside of her outer leg and
gently caress it, testing to see if it would stay there. Her legs began to move
farther apart, while at the same time, her tongue was really starting to move
sensuously about mine. My hand finally went back to the inner thigh of her
right leg and moved towards it's goal. My finger finally found its prize! She
was soaking wet! I couldn't believe how wonderful it felt! Ever so slowly and
ever so gently, I began to move my fingers along that incredible little slit.
As I did, her legs started to move even farther apart!

      My middle finger found the top of her sweet little slit and slowly
started to follow it downward. It gently and slowly followed it along the
outside edge just barely touching it. When it got to it's bottom, my hand moved
downward and would gently cup her whole cute little ass in it. I would give it
a gentle squeeze then slowly release it and start to slide my middle finger
back up along that incredulous little slit! After about the third time, my
finger found itself starting to enter along the outer edge of that soft warm
inviting little tunnel. As it did, her tongue would stop moving and I began to
hear her start to make a high pitched sound, almost like a little kitten would
make while searching for it's mother. I did this four or five more times before
I started to notice the tiny little beads of sweat again beginning to form
above her eyebrows and along the edges of her lips.

      I gently put my right arm underneath both her legs and bringing them
together, turned to my left slowly sliding her from my lap onto the edge of the
bed. She looked so cute and so adorable sitting on the edge of the bed like
that. The light from the tv in the living room was flickering into the bedroom
through the open door. Her blonde hair was shimmering in it's light. I could
see the tiny beads of sweat all about her face as she looked up at me flushed.
God what a little angel! I took both her cheeks into my hands, leaned over
towards her and kissed her nose then her lips. I whispered "I'll be right back,
don't go away." She looked up at me and smiled but didn't say a word.

      I went into the living room and turned the sound off on the tv but left
it on for the light. Then I shut the lamp off and turned the stereo on softly.
I then went back into the bedroom.

      When I came back in, she was still sitting on the edge of the bed but had
pulled her nightgown back down over her knees. I knelt down on the floor next
to her and took both her hands into mine. I looked into her eyes and whispered
"do you have any idea what you're doing to me? You are my little Lolita." I
didn't think she knew the story of Lolita but I didn't care.

      My cock was bulging again so I leaned up against the edge of the bed to
hide it. I cupped both of her cheeks into my hands and gently started to kiss
her lips. In a moment our tongues were swirling around each other again.

      I took both of her hands and moved them up to my shoulders as I leaned
towards her. Still on my knees, I repositioned myself directly in front of her.
My hands moved down to the backs of her calfs where I gently began to caress
them. As they moved up behind her knees, they gently moved her legs apart. She
offered no resistance this time. I moved forward in between her legs pressing
until my cock rested against the edge of the bed. My hands started to move up
along the outsides of her knees, up along the soft warm flesh of her outer
legs.

      Again, my hands would teasingly move upward a little then back downward,
each time moving a little higher up her legs. Every few moments I would stop
with the tongue and kiss her cheeks, her nose, her forehead, and her lips. Each
time, her tongue was waiting to meet mine. I could still see the beads of sweat
and the redness in her face even in the dim light of the room. As my hands
found their way up to her hips, her breathing became heavier. She started to
pull me towards her more using her hands which were now behind my neck.

      I slowly reached up behind my head and pried her fingers apart to remove
her hold on me. I whispered "lie back on the bed." As my hands guided her body
backward onto the bed, her eyes closed. When her head touched the surface of
the bed my hands started to slowly remove the nylon shorts I had been wearing.
My heart was running like a freight train. I could feel the beads of sweat
forming all over my own body as it began to shake. God I was nervous and
excited!

      When I got my shorts off, I leaned down and began kissing the top of her
right knee while gently caressing both sides of her lower leg with both of my
hands. As my hands slowly came up the sides of her knee my lips and tongue
started to move up the top of her leg a little. Every so often I would stop and
start to kiss her other knee and caress her other leg for a while. Once in a
while I would pause and look up at her. She was lying back with her head on
it's side, her eyes closed and a little smile on her face. Her arms were down
by her sides.

      As my lips and tongue continued up the inside of her left thigh, my hands
would slowly slide her nightgown up a little higher. My lips and tongue were
being satisfied beyond belief as they covered every single inch of this little
girls skin. She had the finest downlike hair on her legs. Her skin was so soft
and so warm, I couldn't stand it! My finger tips were finally caressing both of
her hips and had just pushed her nightgown up to about her belly button when it
came into full view! It was the most exquisite sight one could imagine!

      My whole body started to shake when I saw that beautiful little slit not
three inches away from my mouth and tongue. As my tongue started to get closer,
her hands touched mine and she squeezed them firmly. I softly whispered "don't
be afraid, I won't hurt you." I kissed the top and sides of her hips first just
barely letting my lips and tongue touch her flesh. I moved her hands back along
her sides in order to free mine up. My hands found their way back down to the
insides of her knees. I gently started to raise her knees and move them apart
even more as I kissed the inside of her thigh now, only an inch or so away from
it. It was so perfectly shaped and not a hair on it! Her little slit was closed
but I could see the moisture that had been building, along it's center. You
could of shot me right then and there and I wouldn't of known it!

      As my hands lifted her knees upward her legs seemed to float by
themselves as if they knew what to do and where to go. My mouth went back to
the upper inside of her left knee and again started to kiss it moving downward.
My left hand was gently caressing the inside of her right thigh. My tongue
finally came to it! It slowly started to trace along it's outer edges as my
fingers danced their way lightly around the upper backs of both her legs near
her sweet little ass. Her knees had moved all the way up and spread her legs
far apart as if she had known what to do all along.

      The tip of my tongue slowly circled the outer edge of her perfect little
slit. Every so often, I would stop at the top of it and ever so gently tickle
it's outer edge. When I did, Kim would let out a little high pitched moan. Each
time, it drove me crazy! After about the fourth or fifth time, she reached down
with both her hands and tried to push my head away. I gently took both her
hands in mine, kissed her fingers, then started to move her hands away. I
started to move them upwards towards her head. As I did, I began kissing her
belly all over, along her sides and inside her belly button. I let go of her
hands and started to rub along her sides slowly moving the nightgown upward as
I went.

      As I started to kiss her up along her belly and moved slowly higher, Kim
moved her arms above her head, as if to signal, do whatever you want. My lips
were following the bottom edge of her nightgown as my hands continued to move
it upward. Soon I was kissing those beautiful little nipples of hers. As my
tongue darted around them she started to wiggle a little and moan more. The
beads of sweat were building and her head was moving more and more. I finally
slipped the nightgown off over her head and looked down at her. Seeing her
completely naked spread out like that was absolutely unbelievable!

      Her breasts were just starting to develop but her nipples stood straight
up when I touched them! I would tickle them with my tongue then suck on them
gently. I started going wild kissing her little body. In all the excitement I
didn't realize I was off my knees as I had moved up to devour that cute little
body. Suddenly the bottom of my cock rubbed against the heat and moisture from
her love tunnel. I couldn't believe it! I pressed the bottom of my cock against
her hot moist slit. Suddenly, she stopped moving. I became scared again
wondering what had happened. Don't tell me she was going to get scared and
start crying!

      I leaned down and started kissing her cheek and neck. Then I started
kissing her ear. She and I were both sweating and breathing hard. I whispered
"I adore you with all my heart. I want to make love to you." I waited for a
moment but no response of any kind. I then started to lightly and slowly move
my hips letting the bottom of my cock again rub gently along her moist hot
little tunnel. I kept kissing her all along her neck and shoulders and licking
and sucking gently on those firm little nipples. In a few moments she started
to moan and her body started to wiggle a little. Her knees moved higher up and
apart, even more than they already had been.

      I kept gently sucking on her left nipple as I reached down to my cock
with my left hand. I slowly started to rub the head of it along that heavenly
slit stopping near its top every few moments and concentrating on where I knew
that little bud was hiding. Her pussy started getting real wet.

      She started moaning a little louder now and began wiggling more. My lips
and tongue kept enjoying her little nipples as I gently started to try and put
the head of my cock in its rightful place. I finally tried to slip the head of
it in but it was still real tight. I thought to myself, "she's wet enough!". I
was still afraid of hurting her but I couldn't stop myself. I quickly moved
down her sweaty body, kissing every inch of her as my mouth and tongue moved
downward.

      My tongue found the beginning of her little slit and I started licking
her gently. I would slide my tongue down along the outer edge of her little
slit then back up the inner edge. She kept moaning and wriggling. I had to hold
the inside of her thighs to control her movement. My tongue finally started
entering her. God, she was delicious! The tip of my tongue started moving in
and out, just a little at first. I would slip it in a little then move it up
and down her slit. After a few times, I was able to slip it further in and it
really started to drive her wild. I was starting to have a hard time
controlling her movements.

      I moved upward and went back to kissing her neck and gently sucking on
her nipples. Again I reached down and took my cock in my left hand and started
to rub it against her pussy. I placed the head of it against her slit and
started to push gently but firmly. The head started to go in this time. When I
got it in about an inch, Kim looked up at me and said "it's ok" then closed
hers eyes again. I gently moved forward a little more and in it went. She was
so tight, so moist, and so hot that I couldn't control myself! I started coming
like there was no tomorrow! The cum kept spurting out of me. I started
thrusting in and out of her. At one point she was so wet I slipped out of her
and spurted a load all over the outside of her slit and on to her stomach!

      Kim was wriggling and moaning like crazy by now. We were both sweating
and rocking back and forth. I gave another thrust and felt her maidenhead give
way. Kimmy jerked a little and we both stopped moving for a moment. I leaned
down to her ear and whispered "are you ok?" She didn't answer me. Her eyes
stayed closed. She wasn't breathing. I froze.

      I felt her arms around my neck and could see the smile, the smile that
only this sweet little angel could own. She was trying to wrap her legs around
me but couldn't, she was too small. I slowly started moving inside her again.
This time I didn't stop. I couldn't. I started thrusting in and out of her
without stopping. I could feel the surge coming. I started moving faster and
faster. Her little pussy was squeezing so tightly I thought I was going to have
a heart attack! Finally I couldn't hold it anymore. I started shooting out cum
like I had never known I could. When the first spurt left me, she jerked as she
felt it hit her insides. She became so excited I couldn't believe it!

      My left hand move up to her right nipple and started massaging it while
my mouth and tongue sucked on her left nipple. She kept making what sounded
like little squeals as she wriggled beneath me. My mouth moved up to her neck
and I started nibbling and kissing it. Then she turned her head to mine and our
tongues started working away at each other. All the time I kept thrusting my
shaft in and out of her, not ever wanting to stop.

      Suddenly, she pulled her tongue away from mine, turned her face away from
mine and let out a shriek as her whole body seemed to lift up off the bed! I
couldn't believe this! I exploded into her again as her little pussy squeezed
the hell out of my burning, throbbing cock! My little 10 year old, this blue
eyed blonde, the sweetest little girl I had ever known, was having an orgasm!

      I don't know for sure if it was her first, but I knew it was almost my
last. I thought I was going to die! After spurting everything that I had left
inside of me, I relaxed and slowed down. She was just lying there, her arms
spread out over her head, her eyes closed, all sweaty and flushed. Her legs
were still up in the air and spread apart. I could feel the swelling go down
inside of me as I began to relax a little more. Finally, I slipped out of her.
I slowly backed off of her.

      The bottom of her belly and her whole little slit and ass were soaked
with our juices. I knelt down on the floor with my head between her legs and
started to lick every single bit of cum off of her. She just stayed that way
and didn't move. Every once in a while she would let out a little moan and a
smile. I worked my way up her belly, over her little nipples and up her neck. I
softly whispered "I love you." She turned her head, opened her eyes and
whispered back "I love you to. I didn't know it would be like that." Then she
closed her eyes. I whispered "I'll be right back" and left the room.

      A few moments later, I came back into the room with a warm wet washcloth
and towel. I gently washed and dried her, helped her slip back into her
nightgown, then gave her a kiss on the cheek as she dozed off. I pulled the
blankets down and tucked her in then went into the living room and lied down on
the couch and fell asleep.


                                   Chapter 4
                                   ---------

      I awoke on the couch the next morning to the sound of the shower running.
At first, I thought it had all been a dream. I lifted the window shade to look
outside and saw daylight. Must be morning I thought to myself and yes, I'm
alive. I got up off the couch and walked over to the bedroom door to see if
anyone was in there. I could see Kim sound asleep on the far side of the bed
with the blankets pulled up almost to her ears. The smell of hot coffee lead me
to the kitchen.

      As I began pouring a cup, I heard the bathroom door open and Cathy walked
into the kitchen with a towel wrapped around her, and drying her hair with
another towel. "Hi" she said, as she gave me a kiss. "You were snoring up a
storm when I came in last night!" "Did I keep you awake" I asked? "No, I just
shut the bedroom door. I didn't want you to wake Kimmy, I'm used to it" she
said. "How did the party go" I asked. "It was all right, but not too many girls
showed up." "What time did you get home?" I followed. "About 12:20" she said.
"Want some coffee?" I asked. "Please" as she went into the bedroom.

      I poured her a cup and in a few minutes she returned to the kitchen all
dressed. "Boy," she said, "Kim is out like a light. I guess it was all that sun
yesterday." Then she looked at me kind of funny. "What's the matter" I asked?
Cathy said "I've got to tell you what happened last night at the party." She
sat down and took a sip of her coffee. I put some bread in the toaster and
joined her at the table.

       "So, what happened?" I asked. "Barbara came with a girlfriend of hers
named Gretchen. She was the most beautiful girl I've ever seen" she said. "You
would of come in your pants just looking at her" she continued. "Cathy, I've
never heard you talk like that about another girl before!" She looked at me, a
little embarrassed then continued. "That's because I never saw anyone like her
before" she said. "So, what happened" I asked? "Well, we were all trying on the
different outfits and modeling for each other. We'd take turns going in the
bedroom, pick out a nightie, put it on, and then come out and model it in front
of each other."

       "I had been watching Gretchen, more like staring at her, all evening.
Once in a while, she would casually glance at me and I'd turn away, afraid she
would notice me staring at her. I was actually getting wet in my crotch! I
couldn't help it! Then it was her turn to try something on. She went in the
bedroom for a few minutes and came out wearing the sexiest piece we had. Nobody
else had the guts to wear it! When I saw her, I couldn't believe it. I started
getting hot all over! I don't think I was the only one who was affected by her
like that, because I noticed everyone became quiet when she first walked in the
room. She was gorgeous!"

       I had never seen Cathy get this excited before, especially about another
female. I started getting a hard on watching her as she told me the story.
"Then it was my turn to put something on" she said. "I went into the bedroom
and put on a pale green negligee almost completely see through. All I could
think about was how fantastic Gretchen looked! My cunt was dripping and I
couldn't stop it. I wanted to go out there and let her see me but I was too
embarrassed because I was so wet! Then there was a knock on the door."

       "Are you all right?" It was Barbara. I said "yeah, I just can't figure
out which one to put on. I'll be out in a minute" I said. "Ok we're waiting for
you" she said. I wiped my crotch with kleenex, took a deep breath, and went on
out. I was so nervous! At first, when I went out in the living room, I wouldn't
even look towards Gretchen. They were all gabbing away when I came out so that
helped a little. I walked around the room like everyone else did but when I got
in front of Gretchen, something made me stop. I turned with my back to her and
faced everyone else. All I could think was that her eyes were on me. I was
unconscious of everyone else in the room for a few minutes. I started getting
so hot and could feel my pussy getting wet again.

       At first I wanted to run and hide but something made me stay. Then I
turned around to face her. She was looking me straight in the eyes and smiling.
I thought I was going to die! I could feel my nipples getting harder and my
crotch getting wetter each second. Gretchen's eyes slowly covered every inch of
me as I stood there helpless. Just then Debbie came over, and put her hands on
my shoulders and said, I have cake and coffee going in the kitchen if anyone
wants any. I came back to reality! Embarrassed I looked again at Gretchen.
Smiling at me she said, you look great in that." I said, "thanks," then went
into the bedroom to change.

       As Cathy was telling me what happened I got so damn excited I almost did
come in my pants. I could tell she was getting all worked up again and I began
rubbing her thigh. Just then, we heard the bedroom door open. It was Kim. "Hi
sleepy head" Cathy said, as I tried to conceal my hard on. "Hi" said Kim,
looking at me. "Did you sleep ok" I asked? "I guess so" she said. She headed
towards the bathroom and Cathy said she was going to make pancakes. "None for
me" I said, "I have to run, I promised Pete I'd give him a hand with his deck
today." "What are you two going to do today?" I asked, trying to change the
subject.

       Cathy said she was going to go grocery shopping then take Kim shopping
at the local mall. I was a bit concerned at the idea of them being alone all
day together and wondered if Kim would slip and say something about last night.
A moment later Kim came out of the bathroom, looked at me, and said "you snore
too loud! I could hear you even with the door closed." We all laughed. "I'm
sorry" I said. I've got to run." I gave Cathy a kiss then gave Kim a little hug
and kiss on the cheek and said "see you two beauties later," then went out the
door.

       I came home about 2 that afternoon and found a note on the table from
Cathy saying they would be home around 5 pm. I jumped in the shower, cleaned up
and got changed. Cathy and Kim got back around 5:30 and it looked like they had
bought out the entire mall! I couldn't believe all the bags! They both had a
big smiles on their faces. "Hi," they both said. "I guess the stores won't be
able to open tomorrow" I said. "What do you mean" Kim asked. "You didn't leave
them with any merchandise," I answered. They started laughing. I didn't think
it was funny!

       They went in the bedroom and spread all the bags out on the bed. "Why
don't you try on the new clothes and show him what we bought you" Cathy said to
Kim. "Put on your new bathing suit first" she said. At first Kim said no but
then looked at me and smiled then said "ok." I couldn't wait! They threw me out
of the bedroom and closed the door. I could hear them giggling, then in a few
minutes, they came out into the living room. Kim had a little two piece print
bikini on. She looked fantastic in it! It was so tiny. I started to get a hard
on right away so I sat down and crossed my legs immediately to try and hide it.
"Where's the rest of it" I asked. "Your father will kill you for buying that
for her" I said to Cathy. "Oh, what he doesn't know wont hurt him" she said.
She looked at Kim and adjusted her straps to the top part of it. "I think she
looks cute in it" Cathy said, smiling at Kim. "I think she looks sexy in it" I
abruptly said, without thinking.

       "Really," Kim said excitedly! "You sure do," Cathy replied with a smile.
Then she reached down at the sides of Kim's suit bottom and pulled them up a
little higher saying "there, that's even sexier, it shows more of your hips."
My cock was getting stiffer by the moment. I couldn't believe this! I tried
changing the subject. "What else did you get" I asked? Cathy looked at Kim and
asked "should we show him our new nighties?" Kim blushed and said "no way,"
then Cathy said "ok, maybe later, at bedtime, if he's good." They both laughed.

       I asked "you sleeping here again tonight?" "Yes," Cathy answered, "I
asked her if she wanted to sleep over again. My parents are going out for the
evening and Patty is staying at her girlfriends, so I asked her to sleep here."
My mind started to wander in utter excitement at the thought! So did my cock!

       "I picked up some steaks, baked potatoes, and stuff for a salad" Cathy
said, "why don't you light the grill and throw the potatoes on and we'll start
making a salad." Then the two of them disappeared into the bedroom and started
giggling again. My mind was in ecstasy as I got up and headed towards the back
porch to light the grill. My cock was already on fire!

       The girls were already sitting down when I brought the steaks in from
the grill. I was just going to join them when the phone rang so I answered it.
"Hi Barb, how was the party last night," I asked. When Cathy realized who it
was, she jumped up to try and wrestle the phone away from me. "Did everyone
have a good time?" I asked. Cathy could hear Barb saying something but she
couldn't make it out. "She wants to know if we want to go to a pool party at
her house tomorrow" I said to Cathy, "she says Gretchen will be there." Cathy
looked quickly at Kim who wasn't paying attention and then slapped me hard on
the arm. "What time," I asked Barb. I hung up, looked at Cathy and said "1
o'clock." She stuck her tongue out at me then went and sat down.

       Kim asked "who's Gretchen, have I met her before?" "She's an old friend
of your sister's and she wants me to meet her" I quickly answered. I started to
continue, "your sister finds her fascinating and" ...as Cathy kicked me from
under the table. I figured it was best to quit while I was ahead and alive! To
change the subject, Cathy started telling me about all the different stores
they went and spent money in earlier that day.

       It was then that I noticed that they both had the same tops on. I had
been on the porch cooking and hadn't noticed they had changed. They both stood
up together and said "do you like them?" They were each wearing a red and white
striped halter top that stopped just above their belly buttons. They both came
over in front of me and stood side by side. They each had a pair of real short
satiny red jogging shorts. They were cut high on the sides and hugged their
crotches very nicely. I couldn't believe what I was looking at. Cathy wasn't
wearing a bra and her nipples were popping out like crazy. Kim had no reason to
wear a bra yet but I could see, very nicely, the outline of beautiful little
breasts starting to form on this 10 year old.

       They both turned slowly to give me an all around view. I could see Cathy
wasn't wearing any underwear and her beautiful ass cheeks were staring me right
in the face when she teasingly bent over. Kim followed her act teasingly but
did have a pair of little satiny pink undies on which I could see quite nicely
when she bent over. I could also see the bottoms of her cute little ass cheeks
just below the edge of her undies. They were driving me nuts! It wasn't steak I
felt like eating!

       The two of them quickly sat down again and started giggling at me. Cathy
reached over under the table with her foot and started running it up and down
my leg a few times then against my cock. I was hard as a rock! I looked at her
and said "keep it up, but remember, payback is a bitch!" The three of us
started laughing. Kim didn't know why we were laughing, at least I hoped she
didn't.

       We finished eating and started to clean up when I volunteered to wash
the dishes. The two of them pulled me out into the living room, told me to sit
and relax and they would do the dishes. I could hear them talking softly and
giggling every once in a while but figured it was girl talk.

       I sat there and began to fantasize about tomorrow and what this Gretchen
looked like. I couldn't wait to meet the girl that turned Cathy on sexually!
This was definitely going to be an experience. I got hard just thinking about
it. Just then, Kim came in with a coffee and brownies on a plate and put them
down on the coffee table.

       As she bent over, I could see those beautiful little thighs and the
bottom of those cute little ass cheeks just underneath those satiny pink
undies. I boldly reached over and ran my hand up the back side of her leg until
it found the beginning of that cute little ass, then gave her a gentle but firm
squeeze. She didn't pull away. Instead, she turned and looked at me, smiled,
then leaned over and gave me a kiss on the lips. Then she turned and ran back
into the kitchen. My cock was aching for her like I couldn't believe it could.
It was aching for both of them!


                                      End of Chapter 4


Keep sending in your suggestions, many of them are great ideas for future
chapters!

Many of you have called but have failed to give me some way of knowing that the
11SEX-XX series is what you're interested in.

When asked how you heard about me, your responses have been:

From a BBS listing, from a zipped text file, from such & such BBS, etc.

Unfortunately, those kinds of responses are not helpful. They leave me no way
of knowing what you want. There are millions of zipped text files, and
thousands of BBS's out there. Sorry, but under those circumstances, I'm unable
to help you.

Many of you have called and left a comment, (the best way to go) but either you
never called back to see if you had a message, or you didn't bother to look for
a message when you did call. Sorry, but I'm unable to help you under those
circumstances also.

When calling, the best thing to do is leave a comment to the SYSOP and mention
either the 11SEX-XX series, R&E, or The Storyteller. It may take a day or so,
but I will respond to all my messages one way or another.

Later folks, Enjoy!
The Storyteller...

