Archive-name: Family/1buttfly.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: My First Button Fly


             Uncle Marc was an athletic man. He would come over to the
         house and make my brothers and Dad go outside play football,
         basketball, run or play baseball. I would join in, gladly,
         and loved having fun with him and my brothers.

             But the summer I really began to take a sexual interest
         in him was when Marc stayed with us. He helped Dad on the
         little bit of farmland we had and spent most of the day doing
         that while Dad was at the factory. I loved to see him come
         into the house shirtless and sweaty. He rarely wore a shirt
         in the daytime and that was ok with me. When I or the others
         would help him, we'd all strip down just like him and try to
         keep up with his pace.

             I remember wrestling with him and the bros in the field
         and enjoying the feeling of someone strong grabbing me, lift-
         ing me, and so on.

             That summer was the first time I ever saw a grown man
         naked too. Marc stayed in the basement where we kept some of
         our stuff like weights, balls, bikes and so on.

             I went down there to lift weights and heard the shower
         going. Marc emerged totally naked and wet of course. I almost
         dropped the barbell when I saw him.

             He stayed naked like that and talked to me about lifting
         weights. Then he came over and had me lay on the bench while
         he spotted me. Above my head he stood with his man dick hang-
         ing down pointed at my face. My own crotch was already hard,
         and I think he knew it and smiled at me a lot.

             But it wasn't until that winter when he visited several
         times that I noticed how hot he looked in his jeans. After
         dinner we'd all sit in the living room to talk or watch tele-
         vision. I recall seeing him unbutton his fly, or at least a
         couple of buttons and his top button to relax. More then once
         I'd look to see his pink skin underneath and became aware he
         didn't wear underwear like we did.

             After that I stopped wearing any, too, and felt real sexy
         in my own jeans even though they had a zipper fly.

             One night there was only him, me and a couple of brothers
         there. I asked him why he wore them and as he looked at me, I
         looked at his pink skin showing thru his unbutton fly. He
         moved his legs and his dick started to poke out.
             
             "That's why" he said and laughed.

             I laughed too not knowing exactly why.

             The night I found out was when I drove over to his house
         to drop off some paperwork he and my Dad had been discussing.

             Uncle Marc was shirtless and wore his jeans when I ans-
         wered the door. He urged me to stay for dinner and called my
         Dad to tell him.

             We had thick steaks, and talked about sex, girls, growing
         up, and even told a couple of dirty jokes, the kind of stuff
         we never did at home around the family. It felt real good,
         kind of like having a sudden freedom I never had.

             We watched a television show and glanced at his unbut-
         toned fly.

             When I reminded Marc I once asked him about doing that
         and admitted I didn't understand his answer.

             He stared at first then unbuttoned the rest of his fly.
         His man dick plopped out and was moving around getting hard.
         He pulled out his nuts too so they could hang.

             "It feels better. Go on, feel it"

             I didn't know if he meant for me to pull my meat out of
         my fly or to reach up and feel his. I opted for the later and
         soon his man meat was in my hand.

             "Go ahead and lick it"

             Without even asking if I wanted to, he told me to do it.

             I did.

             "Now put the dick in your mouth and Ill show you some-
         thing else" I did and his hands on my head showe'd me how to
         move it so I could suck him off.

             His cum eventually shot all over my face and shirt. I was
         a mess. He reached down and pulled off my shirt and told me
         we'd have to wash it.

             As the shirts soaked, I felt like a new man, me shirtless
         along with Uncle Marc. Both of our flys open and our dicks
         poking out, although my dick rubbed against the zipper a bit
         and hurt.

             He came back from making a phone call and told me that
         Dad said I should stay with Marc and come home in the morn-
         ing.

             We stripped totally and lay on the couch
         together watching television. Uncle Marc told me that later
         we would try other things he knew I'd like but for now to
         just relax.

             His arms around me, made me horny as hell, but the warmth
         of his body against mine, the freedom of being naked like
         that, and knowing I was learning things that only a grown up
         knew made it feel wonderful.

             Indeed I learned a lot that night. And Uncle Marc bought
         me a pair of button fly jeans the next morning which I showed
         my brothers the advantage of, too.

             And I kept going over to see my Uncle that winter and
         stayed with him all the following summer.

             I still go home to visit the folks, and drive over to his
         house. He's older now, hell he was in his twenties then. And
         we still get naked, and share our warmth. And he still wears
         button fly jeans.

             So do I.

-- 
