                       THE BEST WEEKEND OF MY LIFE
                                   By
                              William Bloom


         It was  Saturday morning,  and I  was just getting home from
    spending the night at a friends.  My parents were out of town for
    the three  day holiday,  and I  was supposed to stay at Tim's the
    whole weekend, but I decided against it.  Tim's girlfriend showed
    up and decided she wanted to go out, alone.
         I threw  my gym bag into my room and headed for the kitchen.
    There was a sound upstairs.  My sister was old enough to  stay at
    home, while  mom and  dad were  away.   It was still early in the
    morning, and I figured Cindy was just getting up.
         I had spent a lot  of my  time, trying  to get  peeks of her
    while she  took a shower.  What do you expect from a fifteen-year
    old?  I remember the time I was able to get a  picture of  her as
    she stepped  out of  the shower.   I  had convinced  her that the
    camera was empty, and that I was just trying to  tease her.   The
    picture is still under my mattress.
         Cindy is  built.   She had the long legs that I always heard
    Tim's big brother talk about.  Her ass was firm  and small.   Her
    pussy had just the right amount of light blonde hair, that didn't
    quite hide the lines of her mound.   Her tits  weren't large, I'd
    seen tits  of the  women in  magazines.   Large ones just turn me
    off.  Her face and hair  were perfect  for her  body.   I used to
    jack off while looking at her picture.
         I walked  quietly up the stairs, hoping to see a little more
    than I had in the past.  As I walked down the hall, I  heard more
    sounds of  life.   Her bedroom door was open.  I stooped down low
    and looked around the sill.  I couldn't believe it.
         I was looking straight between my  sister's legs  as she lay
    naked,  sprawled  on  the  bedroom  floor.    She couldn't see me
    though, because, sitting right  over her  face, with  her back to
    me, was one of her best friends, Lisa, bare naked.
         I watched  for a moment as Lisa, her red hair swaying as she
    moved back and forth.   I  listened as  both girls  moaned.  They
    were not  new at this.  My eyes drifted down to my sister's cunt.
    I'd never really gotten a chance to see her full slit, but now, I
    was watching it as it glistened wet.
         I  pulled  back, not  wanting to  be seen.   Slowly I  crept
    back downstairs.  There was a lot to fuel my fantasies.
         As soon as I was in  my  room,  pulled  off  my  clothes and
    grabbed my  stiff cock.   It  was bigger  than I had ever seen it
    before.  I had never had such a hard on.  As  I pictured  the two
    girls in  my mind, I stroked myself.  It wasn't long before I cut
    loose.  I lay down on the bed and let my mind  wander through all
    the possible fantasies a 15 year old can have.
         I  must  have laid  there for half an hour before I realized
    that I had left my bedroom door open.  I turned my  head, just in
    time to see Lisa step in through the door.
         She stood  there, fully  naked.  Slightly wet.  Her red hair
    fell, in a light curl to  her shoulders,  and a  small twist hung
    over her  small  breast.  Her left hand brushed at the curl, then
    fell towards her pussy.  That's when I noticed.
         There was no hair covering her little, slightly plump pussy.
    It was  completely shaven  and smooth.  I had never really seen a
    girl of her age with a  bare cunt,  and I  was kind  of surprised
    that it turned me on.
         Before I  could sit  up, she moved towards me and sat on the
    bed.  She leaned over me, and placed her hand on my dick.  It was
    beginning to get very hard again.
         "Did you come up and spy on us?" she smiled.
         I could  barely move.   I'd  never been  that close to naked
    girl before.  I  smiled, nervously,  and nodded.   If  I spoke, I
    would probably stutter.
         She  smiled  back  at  me  and  began  to stroke my hard on.
    Lightly, she squeezed my balls.  She lifted  my hand  to her tits
    and let me feel them.  Still grasping my cock, she lay back, away
    from me.  She pulled her  legs  up  and  spread  them.    My hand
    drifted away  from her  tits, down  her belly,  and to her smooth
    cunt.  Her hand  guided  mine  as  she  slowly  moved  my fingers
    around,  and  into  her  slit.    I took the cue and slowly began
    pumping her.  Her juices flowed between my fingers.   How could I
    have been any luckier?
         Lisa stroked at my cock.  This was more than I could handle.
    Just as I exploded, I heard a sound of surprise.   My  sister was
    standing  in  the  door.    She  was  wearing skimpy panties, and
    nothing else.
         "Lisa!"  "Cindy!"  "Billy!"
         We all spoke at  once.   For a  moment, we  all were silent.
    Then my  sister walked  over to  the bed.   My fingers were still
    stuck  in Lisa's cunt.  Cindy  pulled my  fingers out  and  knelt
    down to lick them.  Her tongue shot around my fingers, lapping up
    the juices of her friend.
         "Billy, is this  what  you've  been  looking  for,  all this
    time?" she asked.
         Again, all  I could  do was nod.  It was then that I noticed
    the warm wet feeling around my cock.  Lisa was sucking on  it.  I
    placed my  hand on Cindy's panties, and rubbed.  She was warm and
    wet.  She backed off, turned away from me, bent over, and  made a
    little show  of taking  off her panties.  She fingered herself as
    she slowly walked back to the bed.
         With a little shifting.  Cindy lay on the bed  and pulled my
    head down between her legs.  There, I lapped up her juices.  And,
    Lisa continued to pull and suck at my dick.   I felt  her fingers
    wander and  poke at my butt.  Slowly she shoved her fingers up my
    ass.  With a shattering breath,  I  exploded  my  cream  into her
    mouth.  She had to know what she was doing.
         As she  finished swallowing  what I could give  her, I heard
    her whisper to Cindy.
         "I want to fuck him."
         "Me first," my sister whispered back, "I'm still  the virgin
    here."
         Cindy pulled  my head  up, and pulled me forward.  I climbed
    on top of her.  Lisa's hand guided my stiff  cock to  my sister's
    hole.  Slowly, Lisa pushed me into her.
         Cindy's cunt  was tight,  and warm.  I moved up and down, in
    and out.  Cindy  moaned as  I slid  further into  her.   I pumped
    harder and harder.  My whole body strained.
         Lisa was  still with  us.   She stayed back and licked at my
    balls, then moved up until she was working  over my  ass-hole.  I
    felt her tongue dart around and try to push itself in.
         Just as  I was  ready to cum, Cindy's hole tightened up, and
    milked my cock dry.
         I had barely let loose, when Lisa was  pulling me  out of my
    sister.
         "Now, you can fuck me."
         Lisa  swung  around and  knelt on the bed.  She looked  over
    her shoulder.
         "Fuck my ass, Billy."
         Cindy moved, and lay  in front  of Lisa  so that  Lisa could
    clean my juice out of her cunt.  I got up behind her and aimed my
    dick at her small, brown hole.  Slowly,  and firmly,  I pushed my
    rod deep into her.
         "Oh, God,  FUCK ME!"  she screamed,  between cunt laps.  She
    began to pound her  ass back  towards me.   Together  we stroked,
    until I pumped my final ounce of cum into her ass.
         Tim could have his girlfriend drag him around the mall.  Me,
    I'll stay home any weekend, and  fuck my  sister, and  any friend
    she brings home.
