Archive-name: First/1st-time.txt
Archive-author: The Unknown Wanderer
Archive-title: My First Time


        I had never gotten laid in high-school.  It was one of those
reputation and late maturity things.  This was kinda suprising, because
when I went to college I seemed to have no problems at all with getting
dates.  About ten months ago, I met a girl/woman (who's to say?) in a
computer class and eventually, we ended up going out for the rest of the
school year.  Our college (remain nameless) was in Massachusetts.  She
lived in Georgia and I am from California.  Towards the end of the
school year, we were getting kind of sad due to having to be apart for 
about three months and were arranging to come back a little early and
getting an apartment together.
 
        Well, 3 days ago, the most incredible experience of my life
occurred.  Cindy (her) was always very, very playful, but we never really
got past much than heavy petting.  I never really minded much because I
was still a virgin and really liked her too much to want to mess
anything up.  Well, 4 days ago we were packed (still living apart) and
arranged to meet one last time the next day in my dorm room before we
left that evening on our respective flights, and that was when it
happened.
 
        Now, Cindy is about 5'7" with hazel eyes and flaming, long red
hair down past her shoulders a little ways.  She had nice large D tits
which she dressed to comment on as much as possible as well as a big, but
not overly big ass.  I made sure to remember she was on birth control, 
but never thought much else of it.  Finally, in public, she was always
somewhat of a tease, which never really embarassed me, more than it made
me proud of her features.
 
        Not many people at all were left in the dorm, like my roommate
who was not there.  Cindy came over about 1 o'clock and was due to leave
about three.  For about an hour, we talked and I finished packing.  Cindy 
was especially attractive that day with her hair up in a high ponytail,
wearing a very nice, very snug green sweatshirt and some very tight blue
jeans.  At about 2, we were pretty much left with an hour to kill.  We
were both sitting on my bed kissing (she was wearing terribly alluring
perfume), when Cindy mentioned she had a little going away present for me.
She got up, went to the blinds and shut them, the room was still well enough
lit through the blinds.  She undid her hair, letting it fall about her
shoulders and walked over to me
 
        We started kissing more heavily and she gently pushed me horizontal.
She then climbed over me and while sitting up, she pulled of my T-shirt,
then kissed my chest a little.  She slid down the bed and started to work
on my jeans.  I was now starting to get real hard.  She slid off my jeans
and tossed them on the floor.  She saw my hard large cock in my briefs, and
grinning, began to rub my crotch a little making me even harder.  I pulled her
down closer to me and began to neck with her some more.  Now she was starting
to really smile.  She sat back up over me, and reached up and pulled off her
sweatshirt.  Her large D tits fell un-hindered free against her chest.  I
took them each in my hands and start to rub them.  Cindy was now starting to
groan.  I pulled her down to me and slipped a nipple in my mouth and began
to tease it with my tongue.  Cindy was now moaning and breathing very heavily.
 
        Now, slid her up some more to me and began to work on her jeans.
After a second, I pulled them off exposing her wide hips and fantastic ass.
She was wearing unbelieveable black high-cut bikini panties.  I start to pull
at them, but Cindy propped herself up and said, "Not so fast.  This is my
present to you."  She then leaned over to me (her large tits falling on to
me) and slid down to my briefs.  She slid those off and my large 7" erect
cock finally sprang free (her hair falling all down around my cock).  She
looked over my large cock at my face and grinned.  Cindy then began to lick
my balls, the underneath of my cock - all up and down, and my head real,
real slow.  I was getting SO hard.  Then she finally, suddenly closed her
mouth over my shaft and began to suck.  Moaning and thrashing, within
minutes I came into her mouth and chin.  When she came back up she was
grinning like crazy.
 
        I said, "Now its your turn."  And pulled her by her thighs,
horizontal with her head past my feet and her crotch right next to my
face.  Her pussy was bulging between her legs and her panties were
starting to show her dampness.  I slid them off over and behind me (her
red cunt hair was gorgeous), and dove into her cunt with my tongue and
pulled out just as quick, sending waves of ecstasy rippling through her
body.  I slowly licked up and down the outside of her slick pussy lips.
Finally, I plunged back into her cunt slowly licking her clit to
eventually send her an orgasm.
 
        Now, I was back erect and we were both reaching our peaks.  We
rested for a second, then we kissed and licked each other for a couple
minutes.  Then I motioned and pushed her into a position with her on
"all fours" leaning the headboard of my bed.  I got behind her and played
with her large dangling breasts as they stiffened a little more and she
moaned.  She then looked behind her as I started to finger her now
slick cunt.  I eventually go to working 2 fingers in her, and her head
fell limp as she moaned in pleasure.  I knew it was the time, and pulled
out my fingers and brought my cock to her pussy.  I gently seperated her
cunt's lips and slipped my head inside.  Then I slid my hands back up to
cup her breasts (her nipples now standing out very hard).  I moved just
a little my head in and out of her pussy, and she brought her head back
up looked around at me, and said, "Fuck me, now..."
 
        I then pulled on her breasts as I banged into her and her head
fell again.  I banged deep into her again, and I was in heaven.  I
squeezed her tits as I pulled myself into her again and again.  She
used her muscles to clench onto my dick as I went in each time, and also
slid back onto me a little to create a little more impact.  She kept
getting slicker and slicker and I worked her faster and faster.  We
were both moaning.  Eventually I grabbed her tits and pulled her back
onto me, and held her there as I came (a lot!) into her pussy, and Cindy,
in turn, had a shuddering orgasm.
 
        We then collapsed onto the bed and rested for about 20 minutes
when she got up, dressed and we said our good-byes.  Ahhh...Aren't first
times the best?
-- 
