My First Love 
 
 
 
I fell in love for the first time when I was 16. The object of my 
affections was twelve. We had just moved to St. Augustine, 
Florida and I was pissed: I had to leave all off my friends in Indiana 
and venture into uncharted waters.
 
I had known for about a year that I was gay, but I had never been 
with a boy. I enjoyed the showers with the other boys after gym 
class, but looking at dicks and sucking dicks were two different 
things.
 
One reason I was so pissed about moving was my being a student 
coach for the 7th grade Basketball team. It was heaven to watch 
those smooth, hairless bodies shower and play naked in the locker 
room after practice. I would watch for as long as I could stand it 
and then go to the supply room and jerk off. I was really becoming 
friends with a boy or two on the team when we moved. Damn!
 
It was a Thursday afternoon in June, and we had just moved three 
days earlier and there were no boys in my neighborhood, so I was 
very depressed. My black hair was getting soaked in the rain, and I 
do mean rain. When it rains in Florida in June you know it. But I 
didn't care. I was so upset I had stormed out of the house after a 
fight with my dad. I had on only a T-shirt and gym shorts.
 
I had just gotten up and since it was after 2 pm my dad was a bit 
mad. He had come home from the office when I didn't answer the 
phone the eighth time he called. He rushed home, found me asleep 
in bed and started in on me. I jumped out of bed wearing only my 
T-shirt and shorts and stormed right past him and outside. I just 
kept walking until I got to the beach, where it started to rain, 
soaking me to the skin. I just started walking down the beach until I 
got to a bridge. I stood under it for shelter. Also under the bridge 
and soaked to the skin was Robby. When I first saw him, all of my 
anger about moving passed. He was just under five feet tall and 
skinny like me. He had blond hair and was wearing a multi-colored 
tank top and baggy shorts and real dirty tennis shoes.
My first memory of Robby is burned into my mind forever.
 
I told him my name: Gregg. After a long silence while we watched 
the rain, I decided to make a move on him. I asked him if there was 
someplace nearby where we could get dried off, and where I might 
get some underwear. Then I lifted the leg of my shorts and showed 
him my dick. His baggy shorts suddenly got a big lump. Robby 
said he lived down the block and we could go there to dry off.
 
We ran out into the rain and I followed Robby's cute little ass back 
to his house. It was one of those two story jobs and he had the 
downstairs to himself. Both of his parents were work-slaves and 
left him to fend for himself most of the time. In his room we 
stripped naked and just kinda stood there looking at each other. 
Robby was hairless and had a cute little pink dick and I had a nice 
mound of pubic hair but not much more. I could tell that his dick 
was not completely soft and neither was mine. Robby just stared at 
mine. We laid our clothes on the floor to dry and then sat side by 
side on his bed.
 
"Want a soda?"
 
"No."
He knew what I wanted.
 
"Yours sure is big!"
 
"I can make it bigger."
 
We both just giggled and then I reached over and began stroking 
his cock and said, 
 
"I can make yours bigger too."
 
I did.
 
As I stroked him we both got hard and then he began stroking 
mine. I had never done anything like this before and neither had he. 
We both just smiled at each other as we stroked. Then I bent down 
and licked his little cock. Boy did it jump! I sucked and sucked. 
Robby just moaned and stroked my dick. Then Robby slid my 
mouth off his dick and began sucking mine. Then without a word 
we rolled back on the bed and we began sucking each other. I 
didn't take long to cum. As I pulled my dick out of his mouth I shot 
my wad all over his face and neck. I fell back, dead to the world.
 
Robby still hadn't cum and I couldn't believe it, but when he asked 
me what that white stuff was I understood. Although he was twelve 
he must have been a late bloomer. No pubic hair and no cum. I just 
laughed and told him the facts of life. When I got to the part about 
fucking, his dick really perked up and he ran off to the bathroom. 
Returning with a jar of Vaseline, he greased his dick and bent me 
over and stuck it in, but it was so short I could hardly feel it. But I 
didn't tell him that, I just moaned as he pumped my butt. After a 
while he shivered and pulled out. He hadn't shot any cum--except 
in his head. Then we just laid on the bed and talked and joked for 
hours, playing with our dicks and cumming a few more times.
 
-END-
