    This is a continuation of the  story in 1st_date.sty.  As I recall  we
had fallen asleep around 5 a.m. after 3 hours of fucking each other.

    I woke up  to the sound  of noise coming  from the next  room.  It was
daylight Sunday morning but I didn't know what time it was.  I got up  and
wandered into  the next  room and  found Barbara  in the  bathroom but the
noise wasn't  coming from  her.  She  wasn't dressed  yet and  I asked her
about the noise.  Her 36" tits  were making my horny again.  She  asked me
how I enjoyed our date together and  told her it was great.  She said  she
loved it too  and she was  horny again.  Just  then she walked  toward, me
took my hand and led me to the room where the noise was coming from.   She
opened the door and on the bed a foxy girl and her boyfriend were in  full
swing.  She told me it was her sister Janet and Mark.

    Janet  was  just  as  well  build  as  she was and just as horny.  Her
boyfriend had his dick  up her ass and  she was moaning in  pleasure.  She
saw us in the doorway and told me to come in.  I looked at Barbara and she
nodded "yes".  I walked in and she followed me in.  Now my dick was  fully
awake and wanted to get  in on some action.  I  got in front of Janet  and
started kissing her and massaging the  outside her pussy with on hand  and
caressing her tits with the other.  Meanwhile, Barbara got behind Mark and
stroked his  long dick  while he  was sliding  in and  out of  Janet.  She
pressed her body against his back and was starting to fondle the crack  of
his ass.

    My  aching  dick  was  begging  for  attention.   Janet  wanted  to be
massaged.  So I penetrated her  insides with my fingers.  She  moaned more
as I gently stroked inside her.  She was dripping wet and wanted more.  As
she moaned and got closer to her climax she kissed harder and we sucked on
each others'  tongues harder.   She asked  for another  finger inside her.
Not wanting to disappoint her,  I entered another and soon  after another.
I didn't wanted  to damage her and  her pussy  opened up and  relaxed just
long enough to let me in.  Finally she yell "Yes!  Yes!"  I had entered my
whole hand inside her up to my wrist.  I moved my hand gently at the  same
rythm as Mark  was sliding his  tool in and  out of her  back side.  Janet
started  shuddering  in  the  wild  ecstasy  of orgasm and her juices came
flowing.

    At the  same time  Mark started  cumming, Barnara  pulled him  out and
grabbed his tall cock and  sucked on it to get  all the cum.  At the  same
time, I slowly took out my dripping hand in insert my waiting dick to feel
the throb of her pussy.  As her sensation subsided, I started feeling  the
massive pleasure wave  build inside me.   She sensed this,  pulled me out,
she laid back on the  bed, slipped under me while  I was on my knees,  and
placed my dick between  her breasts and pressed  them together so I  could
tit fuck her.  She massaged her tits and nipples and I came and she spread
the cum all over herself.

    By then, Mark was done with his  load and when Barbara saw me cum  all
over her  sister's chest,  she let  go of  Mark's flacid  dick and started
licking  the  cum  off  Janet's  chest.   The  2  sisters seemed to become
desperately  hungry  for  cum.   They  started  pushing  each  other for a
position to  get the  drops of  cum.  As  my orgasm  ended, they were both
trying to suck the drops off my  dick.  I grabbed a tit from each  girl to
try keep cumming and have the moment last longer.

    As I relaxed, Janet lay quietly, still enjoying the sensations of  her
massive orgasm.  Barbara was  eager to get her  turn, so Mark worked  with
her tits  and started  sucking on  her pussy  vigorously.  Although he was
still out of commission for a little while, he was glad to help out a girl
in distress.   Barbara arched  back and  tilted her  head back  as if  the
motion would draw his togue deeper inside her.  She wanted more and had  a
finger in her mouth as if she wanted  to suck on a dick at the same  time.
Unfortunately, I wasn't ready for  another round yet.  Then Janet  saw the
desire in Barbara and got up  and walked toward the closet and  opened it.
On one shelf was  a huge rubber cock.   It had veins like  copper plumbing
and must have been  12" long and 4"  in diameter.  It had  the right flesh
color and looked almost real.  Janet  stuck it inside her once about  half
way to get some of her pussy juice on it and went to Barbara.  She gave it
to her and Barbara started sucking on the end of it.  She looked like  she
wanted to get the  whole thing in her  mouth.  That cock seemed  to be the
thing she was missing  for the moment.  She  came in a massive  orgasm and
shook the  whole bed.   Mark was  still eating  her and  licked up all the
juices that flowed from her.

    Then she started relaxing and absorbing the pleasure of the feeling of
her orgasm.  She  put the rubber  cock next to  her and stroked  it as she
continued to enjoy the feeling inside her.

    We all relaxed quietly next to one another.  I was thinking about  the
experience we had just had.  I glanced at the clock and finally noticed it
was 10:30 in the morning.  The day was still young.  As it turned out,  we
stayed with  each other  the rest  of the  day to  try out  some more  new
experiences.  To be continued . . .
  room and  found Barbara  in the  bathroom but the
noise wa