                                The First Time
                               By - Demon Slave

    I have always fantasized about being involved with a dominant woman. For
as long as I can remember, I have always been intrigued by powerful and
demanding women.  Even as a child, my favorite times were when I was caught
and tied up in a game of Cowboys and Indians.  Usually by Stephanie, the girl
who lived just up the street from me.  I always gave up much too easily.  She
knew it too, but she always seemed to get just as excited as I did at the
prospect of capturing and binding me.  As we got older, we continued to play
our game of Cowboys and Indians.  I'll never forget, the last time we played
was in the seventh grade.  I was sneaking up on her trying to capture her and
she turned around and jumped on me, wrestling me to the ground.  She looked
down at me from her position on top.  She was at this time several inches
taller than me and weighed about 10-15 pounds more than me.  She put her knees
outside my legs and, holding each wrist tightly, pinned me down.  She told me
I had been "caught."  I could see a look in her eyes that seemed to be a
mixture of excitement and curiousity.  She told me she would let me up if I
promised to stay right where I was until she came back.  I agreed and sat
there waiting while she ran off into her house.  She was gone about fifteen
minutes and came back with a piece of cord about four feet long and a silk
scarf.

    I looked up at her as she approached, and for the first time, realized how
attractive she was.  Her breasts were just beginning to show signs of
womanhood and her tall thin body was gorgeous.  I was at the age when I had
just begun thinking about girls, and I had hoped that she was starting to
think the same way.  She stepped over me and told me I was her prisoner and
had to do everything she said.  I agreed.  She told me to roll over onto my
stomach and put my hands behind my back.  She kneeled down, putting one knee
in the small of my back and lifted my arms straight up.  She told me to hold
my wrists together and keep my arms straight up and down. I did as she said,
and before I knew it I felt her tying the cord tightly around my wrists.  When
we had played before, we had always tied each other loosly so that we could
get away if we had to, but this time, I knew I was really tied up.  I
protested, telling her how much she was hurting me, and she smiled, and
without saying a word put the finishing touches on her work, pulling the ends
of the cord tightly and tying it off in a knot. She helped me to my feet and
looked me over.  She picked up the scarf off the ground and tied it around my
head completely covering my eyes.  At first I could see around it, but she
flicked her finger near my eye and my whince gave me away.  She retied the
blindfold several times, until she was convinced I couldn't see anything.  I
asked her to take it off and untie me, and she reminded me that it was my idea
to play in the first place.  I agreed and began to feel a certain amount of
excitement, as I began fantasizing about Stephanie and what she looked like
naked.  I felt an erection growing in my shorts, which were old and fairly
tight.  I couldn't see what it looked like, but from Stephanie's giggles, I
could tell it was obvious.  She told me that she always knew I liked being
tied up, but never knew I liked it THIS much, and laughed again.  She grabbed
the front of my shirt, and began tugging at it, signaling for me to follow
her.  I knew we were going inside, since we were playing in her backyard.
Then it dawned on me, we were going into her house, I was going to be bound,
and noticeably excited it front of her mother and older sister.  I began to
pull away, telling her to let me go. She told me no one was home, and not to
worry.  I still resisted, but much less. She backed me up and pushed me.  I
fell down, landing comfortably on couch.  She told me she would be right back,
and not to go anywhere.  I sat there still, wondering what she was up to.  In
a few minutes she returned and told me to stand, she wanted to take me
upstairs to the bedroom.  I agreed and follwed her up, stumbling on the stairs
several times as we walked. She pushed me again, and I fell on her bed. Her
pushing me must have been alot of fun for her, because each time she pushed
me, she laughed a little to let me know she was enjoying it.

    The next thing I felt was Stephanie unbuttoning my shorts and pulling them
down around my ankles.  She commented on my erection that she could see under
my underpants.  She told me she had never actually seen a penis before, and
asked if she could look at mine.  I told her no, I was much too embarrased at
this point.  She pulled on my underpants anyway and before I knew it they were
down around my ankles.  There I was, half- naked lying bound on Stephanie's
bed.  I begged with her, and pleaded to release me, I told her the game was
over.   She told me that the game was just beginning and that I was talking
too much.  The next thing I know she is putting a wide piece of tape over my
mouth and then another and another, until my face is covered in tape from my
chin to my nose. I tried to move my mouth around enough to break the seal, but
it was secure.  The only noise that would escape was a high pitched moan I
would make everytime she brushed against my cock.  I was embarrased and
humiliated, but loving it!  Stephanie grabbed some more cord and tied my legs
spread wide to the posts of her bed.  The whole time she was laughing and
teasing me, calling me Geronimo.  I tried to squirm free and beg to release,
but the bonds and tape held tight.  She kneeled down between my legs and began
rubbing and licking my cock, telling me she was going to figure out how to do
it right.  The sensations I was getting were giving me clear signals she WAS
doing something right. After about fifteen minutes of rubbing and licking, she
told me she wanted to try something else.  She had always heard that guys felt
great pain when they were kicked in the groin and she was going to use me to
figure out why.  She started by slapping my cock.  At first, gently, and then
slowly harder and harder.  The whole time I was squirming and making as much
noise as possible from underneath my gag.  Each time she kept telling me that
that wasn't quite it.  She tried digging her fingernails into my cock and
scratching and flicking, but none met with her satisfaction.  Finally in
frustration, she stopped.  She untied my blindfold and asked me to take a look
at her.  She had put on some of her sister's lingerie, a black teddy and hose
with garters.  She asked me if I liked it and I nodded repeatedly. Her tits
filled out the teddy nicely, and she looked truely sensational.  I had never
seen anything like it, except in Playboy.  She told me that she couldn't
figure out what made boys tick and wanted to try a few more things. I shook my
head to say no, but she ignored me.  Then it happened, she discovered my
balls.  She began slapping them, watching my expression, but not convinced
that she had done enough.  She took each ball between her thumb and forefinger
and began pinching.  I tried to let out a scream, but couldn't.  She had
discovered the thing that made me tick.  She alternated between slapping my
cock and pinching my balls.  As she did, I became more and more excited until,
finally, I had a tremendous, overpowering sensation that began in my stomach
and moved like a rocket through my balls and cock. Before either of us knew
it, my stomach and Stephanies hands were covered in cum.  I had had my first
orgasm.  She had no idea what had happened, nor did I, I just looked up at her
and tried to tell with my eyes to keep going. She leaned down and gave me a
kiss on the cheek.  My head was buzzing, and I barely noticed Stephanie jump
up and run out of the room, slamming the door behind her.

    From the hallway I heard a second voice asking Stephanie why she was
dressed that way, what was she doing wearing her sister's lingerie.  Then the
door swung open, and Diana, Stephanie's sister, stood there looking at me at
first with a look of horror, and then one of amusement.  She burst into
laughter.  She called Stephanie into the room and asked her to explain.
Stephanie's face was beet red, and her sister stared at her and demanded an
answer.  Diana couldn't hold back her laughter, and gave her little sister a
hug telling her, that it must run in the family.  Diana stepped over to me and
looked me up and down, commenting on what a nice job Stephanie had done of
securing me, although she did think the gag was a bit excessive.  I kept
squirming trying to get free, pleading to Diana with my eyes to let me go. She
looked down at me telling me I had made a mess and ordered Stephanie to get a
towel to clean it up.  When Stephanie came back in the room, holding the
towel, Diana stopped her.  She told her that although I had made the mess that
Stephanie probably had something to do with it.  Diana told her she would have
to learn how to behave better, and that the mess that was made was
inexcussable.  In addition, she seemed very unhappy about Stephanie wearing
her teddy without her permission.  Stephanie tried to explain, but Diana cut
her off.  She grabbed and length of rope and told Stephanie to turn around.
Stephanie obeyed, and I layed there, watching in amazement as Diana tied up
her sister.  She tied her wrists together and then lashed her elbows together,
making her breasts stick out.  She told Stephanie to bend over, so that her
ass was sticking out.  Stephanie did as she was told, and Diana began spanking
her, gently at first, slowly building up until she was smacking her ass with
full force.  Stephanie began crying, and Diana responded by wadding up the
towel she had brough and shoving it in her mouth.  She spanked her ten more
times and then told her to clean up the mess with the towel in her mouth.  I
had gotten quite excited watching the whole thing proceed and my cock was
erect again.  Stephanie cleaned all around my cock and stomach, occasionally
rubbing the rough towel over my prick.  Diana came back into the room and
examined her work.  She found it to her satisfaction. She came over to me and
quickly tore off the tape from my mouth, the pain was incredible, and Diana
seemed to know it.  I began to ask her to let me go, but she cut me off,
telling me I was in too deep now, and there was no way I was going home.  She
told me not to say another word or make another sound or the tape would be put
back on.  I nodded to let her know I understood.  She asked Stephanie to
explain what was going on.  Stephanie told her she was trying to learn about
sex, and told her all about our game.  Diana looked at me and though a minute.
She told her that if she wanted to know about sex, she was going to learn.
She reached down and removed Stephanies panties and told to lie down on top of
me and begin kissing my mouth, she obeyed.  Diana watched and began rubbing
herself while she watched.  Next she told Stephanie to begin using her tongue,
probing the inside of my mouth.  This was our first kiss.  Diana took a small
belt out of the closet and got a length of cord.  She tied the cord around our
necks, so we couldn't separate our heads, and then while Stephanie was kissing
me, she looped the belt around our heads, over our ears and buckled it
tightly.  We were unable to separate our lips, we were bound together in a
kiss and both getting very horny.  Diana left and returned with a bag.  Out of
it she grabbed a set of clothespins and began clamping them on our nipples and
my balls.  The pain made both of us kiss each other fiercely, our tongues
mashing together.  Stephanie began grinding her hips into my leg, and softly
moaning into my mouth.  Diana slapped her ass over and over, telling her not
to do that, that she wasn't ready. Stephanie continued, each slap making her
grind harder and harder.  Diana stopped her, holding her steady and grabbed
and set of nylon straps from the bag.  A long one was slid underneath the
small of my back, and six samll ones placed under each of my legs.  She lifted
Stephanie on top of me and had her tight wet pussy come down and engulf my
rigid cock.  She began grinding again, but this time with each grind, Diana
tighetened one of the belts.  First at our ankles, then two at our calves,
next our knees and finally two more on our thighs.  Our legs were bound
together, niether of us could move.  Stephanie continued to move around, what
little she could, but the feeling in my cock stayed the same.  As much as I
tried I could not move inside or outside of her at all.  Finally, Diana
tightened the belt around our waists, and whatever movement Stephanie was
capable of before she had lost.  We were together, in bed, kissing
involuntarily, with my cock buried deep inside her, unable to move.  We were
both sweating and the heat of our bodies made us both itchy and uncomfortable.
We wanted to beg for mercy, but we were gagged by each others tongues.  Diana
left the room again and we could hear the phone ring over the sounds of our
heavy breathing.  When Diana returned she looked over at us and smiled.  She
told us we looked very cute, and hoped we were enjoying ourselves.  She also
informed us that the phone call was their mother, saying that her parents
weren't going to be home tonight, they were planning a weekend with some
neighbors.  In fact, she told us, those neighbors were my parents and they
wanted to know if it would be too much trouble if Diana could watch the house
and babysit me for the weekend, if it wouldn't be too much trouble.  Diana
looked at the expression on my face. I couldn't believe it.  She looked me
square in the eye and said, "I'm sure it will be no trouble at all."

    So there we lay, looking to each others eyes.  I felt both frustrated and
excited.  I had just begun to think of Stephanie as attractive.  Now I began
to think I was falling in love.  The look in her eyes made me believe she was
thinking the same thing.  Our mouths were beginning to get dry and pasty, but
we kept kissing as if it were the first time.  Stephanie kept bucking with all
her strength against the belt that held us together, wanting desperately to
grind her hips against mine.  Diana told us that we hadn't even started the
evening yet, much less the weekend.  It was Friday night and she was going
out, but she told us she would be back around 10:00, and she would bring over
some of her friends.  She also told us, they were no where near as nice as she
was.  She left the room, took a shower, got dressed and left.  It was only
7:30.

    Diana had left us, bound together, with my cock deep inside of Stephanie's
moist pussy.  I could smell the sweat on her neck and cheeks, which was really
turning me on.  Neither of us could move a muscle, and both of our lips, and
tongues, which had been pressed together were beginning to dry out.  Stephanie
was still struggling to get free of the bonds that held us together, I could
feel her breath getting harder and harder as she struggled, her warm breath
cascading over my face.  I wanted to tell her I loved her, but I could barely
make a sound, with her tongue jammed inside my mouth. I wanted to reach around
and hug her, but my arms were bound tightly behind my back.  As time passed,
Stephanie's pussy began to dry out and by 8:00 she was exhausted by her
struggles and stopped fighting against the bonds.  Our mouths were dry, as was
her pussy.  What had started out as pleasurable became increasingly
uncomfortable.  I wondered if Diana knew what she was doing to us, and finally
began to realize that Diana knew EXACTLY what she was doing to us.  By 9:30
Stephanie was in tears, and seemed to be in a great amount of pain. Her cries
were muffled by our intertwined tongues, but I could feel the tears running
down my cheeks.  At precisely 10:00 the door reopened and Diana returned with
three friends, each were carrying small over-night bags.  One of them was much
older than the other two.  Probably about thirty.  She had a hard and cruel
look about her.  One of Diana's friends stepped over to us and commented on
what nice work Diana had done.  They all laughed, ignoring our torment.
Another one of her friends stepped over and began rubbing Stephanie's
backside.  She chastised Diana for not taking care of her little sister
properly.  She reached into her bag and pulled out a thin, long plastic
phallus, which was flanged at the top.  She commented that she didn't bring
any lubrication, but that it was just as well.  She spread Stephanie's ass and
slowly inserted the piece of plastic inside her.  Stephanie tried to resist
and squirm, but the bonds held her tightly.  Diana saw my eyes widen at the
sight of Stephanies anal torture.  She stepped over and petted my head,
telling me that what was in store for me would make Stephanie's treatment seem
pleasurable.

    Finally, we were untied from each other, but left with our arms bound.
Stephanie began wildly humping me, trying to gain some relief for her acheing
body.  Two of the women pulled her off me, and put her down next to me. She
was kicking and screaming.  Diana picked up the roll of tape that Stephanie
had used to gag me and applied several pieces over her mouth.  Next she did
the same to me.  Stephanie looked so helpless, but also very cute. Something
about the tape, made her look helpless, yet adorable.  She had stopped crying,
but was shooting glances at Diana and her friends letting them know she was
angry.

    The older woman took notice of my cock and began gently rubbing it.  She
kept one hand on my stomach and everytime I was on the verge of coming, she
would pinch the tip very tightly and hold it until the throbbing in my cock
subsided.  After several times, my balls began to ache, deep down, and the
pain became incredible.  She shook her head in disbelief and starring directly
into my eyes told me to get use to it.

    Diana told us that we were in for a surprise.  She blindfolded both of us
and helped us up.  We were informed that we were going for a ride and we would
be going for the entire weekend.  We were led down to the garage. Stepahnie in
her sister's teddy, and me wearing only my shirt.  I could feel the cold
pavement on my feet in the garage, and I overheard the discussion between the
four women.  Diana and Marcy were going to drive me, and the older woman and
Diana's friend Amy were to drive Stephanie.  Amy had a van, so they all agreed
Stephanie could go as is.  However, we were going to take Marcy's car, which
presented a problem.  They needed to make sure no one saw me. Diana added she
wasnted to try out something new.  She began by tying my elbows together so my
arms were immobilized and then instructed me to lie down on the floor.  I felt
a rope draped around my neck and someone began tying my ankles and knees
together.  My neck was tied to my knees, so that I was rolled up into a ball.
Next, ropes were passed around my waist and chest securing my arms tightly to
my body.  The next thing I heard was the rustling of a cardboard box.  I could
feel it being placed over me.  They rolled it twice, with me inside, so I was
upside down and I could hear them taping it shut. I also heard the sound of a
magic marker writing something on it.  I was so disoriented at this point that
I didn't even bother to guess what it said.  Finally, I was lifted and placed
in the hatchback of Marcy's car.  The door slammed and I tried to wrestle
myself into a comfortable position.  The whole time, I kept thinking of how
cute Stephanie looked bound and helpless in her room, and remembering how nice
our first kiss had been.

    The car drove out, and I actually fell asleep, exhausted from my ordeal. I
have no idea how long the drive took, but I remember being woken up by the
sound of the tape being ripped off of the box.  They were all making comments
about how well I travelled and how much fun it was going to be to have someone
to play with all weekend.  They dumped me out of the box and I rolled onto the
floor.  Someone began untying me so I could stretch out.  They removed my
blindfold and left me free to stretch, all except for my hands which were
still behind my back and my gag.  After my eyes adjusted to the light, I
noticed what had been written on the box, "To: Stephanie  From: Diana."  When
they noticed me looking over at the box, they laughed.  Diana called into the
other room, telling the older woman to bring Stephanie in.  She was dressed in
a black bikini that barely hid any of her breats or private parts, and she was
down on all fours walking in front of the older woman, who was wearing nothing
but a pair of thigh high black leather boots and a harness that surrounded her
breasts with rings around each nipple.  Stephanie was in handcuffs and
legcuffs that were attached by about a foot and a half of chain, and in her
mouth was a thich piece of black plastic held there by a leather strap.  The
woman was holding two sets of reins, one attached to the bridal gag in her
mouth and the other went to a belt fanstened around her waist, with a large
silver ring in the back.  When the woman would flick the bottom reins,
Stephanie would crawl forward, when she pulled the top set, she would stop. To
my surprise, Stephanie seemed to be enjoying her captivity.  She looked at the
box and smiled.  She glanced over at her sister and she smiled back at her.
Diana told her that I was to be her property, but Stephanie would first have
to learn about how to properly take care of me.  The woman holding Stephanie's
reins pulled them both up high, forcing Stephanie to stand up. The woman told
her to go over to her sister and kneel.  She did as she was told.  Diana told
her there were several things she needed to learn if she was going to be
entrusted with a slave of her own.  The first was to teach her the properties
of a slave, the second the fitting ways to train a slave, and finally, how to
keep a slave in his Mistresses control.  She kissed her little sister on the
cheek and told her to look me over.  My eyes met hers, and to my disbelief,
all the sympathy that I had seen while we were tied together on the bed was
gone.  She looked like she was loving this.

    Diana and Marcy stepped over immediately and told Stephanie that she had
done something wrong already.  She asked what was wrong.  Marcy explained that
a slave is never to look his Mistress directly in her eyes, unless she
specifically asks him to.  Diana added that the way we make sure it doesn't
happen again, is through punishment.  She asked Stephanie what she thought an
appropriate penalty was.  She thought for a moment, and told her sister that I
deserved a good, hard, long spanking.  Marcy petted her on the head, and
explained that she was only partly right.  She agreed that it was an fitting
punishment, but not for me.  Part of Stephanie's lesson was to be that as a
junior Mistress in training, she was to be judged by her slave's behavior.
She was to be punished for my infraction!

    Before she knew it, the chain between her wrists was snapped to a clip on
the wall and a table was slid under her stomach, stretching her out over the
top of it.  The legs were lifted and the chain between her ankles was put
under the legs.  Marcy stepped in behind her holding a thick wooden paddle,
and Diana pulled her panties down to reveal her soft white ass cheeks.  Marcy
recounted Stephanie's words, good, long and hard and began striking, making
her repeat after every stroke the words, "I am unworthy of joining you in
womanhood, please hit me again."  Each time Marcy struck her harder and
harder.  Stephanie grimaced, but didn't make a sound.  They were all very
impressed by this, and told her she had a great deal of promise.  They asked
her if she would like a few minutes to discuss what had happened with me.  She
nodded.  They all fell silent as she stepped up and towered over me.  I
avoided looking in her eyes this time.  She told be that I was doing much
better, and explain that I had disgraced her in the presence of other women.
I nodded sheepishly. She told me she would have to make sure that it never
happened again.  She also told me that, since she was punished with a
spanking, that such a gentle reminder was too leniant for me.  Instead, she
told me, she was going to punish me by spanking me where I would be reminded
as to why I was such a worthless creature.  She ordered me to lie on the table
on my back and rubbed my cock until it became hard.  Once it was hard she
began flicking it with her finger harder and harder until it really started to
hurt.  She informed me that was just to get the blood flowing and began
swinging her open palm at my cock slapping it harder and harder.  Marcy had
given her 30 swats with the paddle and she intended to double that. After
about thirty, she intentionally missed my cock and slapped my balls hard.  My
whole body doubled up.  She instructed me not to move, and informed me that
she was just learning, and would have to start over from stratch each time she
made a mistake.  Each time she got to thirty, she would slap my balls,
periodically asking the others if they would like to give it a try, commenting
on how hard it was to give sixty good strokes.  Finally Amy stopped her, and
told her to examine my cock very carefully.  She noticed a drip of cum forming
on my still hard cock.  Amy explained that I was about to come, and that I
should never do that without Stephanie's permission, even if another Mistress
ordered me to do so.  Diana told her, it was time for her second lesson, which
was to define the parts of the slave.  She pointed to my still hard cock and
asked her what it was.  Stephanie responded by telling her it was a penis.
Diana pressed the issue further, asking who's penis it was.  She answered that
it was her slave's penis.  Amy stepped in to correct her, explaining that it
was her penis and she must have complete control of it at all times.
Stephanie liked the idea.  Diana took out the magic marker and grabbed my
cock, digging her nails into it sharply.  She took the marker and wrote on my
cock, "Stephanie's cock," explaining that was so she wouldn't forget. Marcy
suggested that rather than using my real name of calling me "slave," that
Stephanie should simply call me "Stephanie's" so she would always remember my
position as her subordinate, and the fact that I belonged to her. I actually
liked the idea, the girl I was beginning to love, was going to own me in every
way shape and form.  I was thrilled.  I noticed that my cock was growing limp
and had grown purple from the beating it had received. Now that it was limp,
it began to burn like it was on fire.

    Diana told her it was the perfect time to teach me several key commands,
the words "hard" and "limp."  Amy brought in a a bucket of ice and bucket of
warm water and a towel.  She told Stephanie to apply the warm towel to my cock
and balls and rub them gently while repeating the word "hard" and then once, I
was erect, to hold ice cubes on my cock and balls, and repeat the word "limp"
until I was soft again.  They all left telling her she had four hours to
complete the training and she would be tested when they returned.

    The warm water was soothing and felt wonderful and each time she applied
the towel, my erection grew almost immediately.  She saw me watching her dip
the towel and apply it, and decided it may be more effective to blindfold me,
so I would concentrate on her words.  Next came the ice which felt more like
intense heat than cold.  It took just seconds for what had been a rock hard
erection to be reduced to just a few inches of limp flesh.  She alternated
back and forth, and I swore she had stopped repeating the words.  I was so
fixed on the sensations that I had simply stopped listening.  She must have
brought up and deflated my erection a hundered times.  But still she kept
alternating between the hot towel and cold ice to keep me in a steady rythym.
The last ten times or so she was laughing as she applied the towel and ice.
Finally after an eternity of stifled erections, she removed my blindfold.  She
uttered the word hard, which I barely even heard and I felt the rush of warm
water flow over my cock and balls, gently making it rise to its full height.
The feeling was sensational.  I looked up at Stephanie to see if she was
getting tired, being careful not to catch her glance.  She was standing a full
three feet away from me and had her hands crossed over her chest.  There was
no towel or bucket in sight.  Next came the word "limp" and I saw Stephanie
smiling as my body cringed and I felt the cold sensation of ice shoot through
my groin.  I looked down in disbelief, there was nothing touching me, not even
a cube of ice in sight.  She laughed and called to the other room, telling
everyone I was ready to be tested.  She tried it once again and my cock shot
up like a rocket and fell like a lead weight. She looked down at me and
informed me she hadn't used the ice or the hot towel for the past two hours.

