Copyright © 1997,   Bad Michel.      ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com. 






  This is my fourth story in a series of sexual experiences I would like to share.  A little about me.  I am 26 years old, am 5'6", 115#, brown hair, blue eyes, slim, and considered cute.  At the time of this experience, I was 22 and had been dating my boyfriend for about 3 years.

                  


                                           My First Black Experience


 "WOW Wendy! Look at that guy!"  I excitedly point and tell my friend.  "Who"? That black guy?" Wendy asks.  "Oh my God, Wendy.  He is gorgeous!"  My friend Wendy and I are at a club , and we're almost trashed.  The guy I am looking at is tall, maybe 6 feet, he has really dark skin, and he is dressed to kill.  I have on my favorite black cotton and chiffon dress, one that shows off all my curves and super tight ass.  I am not wearing any panties and I have on black nylons.  Other than the nylons, I am only wearing black heels and this very short dress.

 Wendy does NOT approve, but I have to get a better and closer look at this guy.  I walked over and "accidentally" bump into him.  He smells great.  "Oh, I'"m sorry." I say, acting a little shy.  "Hi." he says and smiles.  We make small talk for a second, and then Wendy drags me away. I stare over my shoulder at him and he watches me walk as I walk away.

 'I should have just grabbed his cock and told him I wanted him'. I think to my self.  The DJ then announces "Ladies Choice" and I sprint across the room and ask him to dance. As we dance, I get real close, my whole body is tingling in anticipation.  His body feels lean and hard against mine.  His thighs press firmly against my thighs and my crotch is hugging is crotch tightly.  "You feel real good!" He tells me as his hands feel around my lower back.  "Mmmmm." I answer "I was thinking the same thing."   When I say this, his hands move lower, caressing my ass and I push my cunt into his crotch telling him I want him.

 I feel that he wants me by the hard bulge his erect cock makes against me.  I begin to get very horny , my pussy wet, and I feel his back, hips, and ass.  He is muscular and his ass is tight.  I look up into his deep brown eyes and he leans down to kiss me.  I close my eyes and feel his strong lips and tongue part my expectant lips.  He tastes delicious, like spices and fruit, and I feel my pussy flood with juice.

 "Ohhhh." I moan.  "I want you!"  "I want you, baby!" he says and presses his rock hard dick against me to prove it.  My hand travels down immediately and grasps his cock through his pants.  His cock feels thick and long.  I rub him and he shudders, "Oh baby" he moans, "let's get out of her!" and he takes my hand.  

 He takes me to his car, a sportscar of some sort and gets me inside.  "I know a spot, not far from here" he says, and rubs my thigh.  My pussy is so hot at the thought of finally getting fucked by a black man.  I spread my legs automatically for him as he reaches between my legs and begins to feel my wet pussy.  He is driving fast and I lean into the seat deeper as he presses against my cleanly shaven pussy.  

 He finds the top of my stockings and pushes  them down , and begins to rub my bare thighs.  My pussy is begging and screaming to be touched.  I want to shove his hand between my legs and come and come.  

 We finally get to the spot and he parks the car and puts out the lights.  He leans over and pulls me onto his lap and begins to kiss me passionately and deeply with his tongue.  His hands begin to feel my breasts and erect nipples quickly and firmly.  He pushes my dress up and pulls my legs open. As his fingers touch my soaked cunt for the first time,I scream in ectasy as I come right away and my pussy floods.  

 "Ohhh, I want your big , fucking , black cock!  Fuck me please!" I yell and grab his throbbing cock hungrily.  He pulls his pants off and his rect cock stands straight up.  It is big, very big and very black!!  He pushes my head down into his lap and I lick and suck his balls, feeling the tickly hair that covers them.  Then I take the enormous head of his cock into my mouth, sucking greedily as he pushes it further and further into my mouth.  I suck as much of that black monster as I can stuff into my mouth.  It tastes delicious and I suck him for a long time. 
 
 "I want to fuck that white pussy now!" he says and pulls my head up, causing a popping sound as his cock is released from my mouth.  He reclines my seat and pushes me into it.  In a second he is on my side and between my wide spread legs.  

 My pink cunt is glistening with juice as lowers his thick, black cock and almost gently pushes the head of his dick into my pussy.  It feels so big and it hurts a little, but I spread my legs even wideras he begins to piston his cock deeper and harder into my spasming cunt.  Finally, he gets it all the way in and we relax for a minute, kissing passionately.

 I begin to squeeze his ass and I then feel it begin to contract as he begins pumping again.  Long hard strokes, each one bringing me closer and closer to coming as his black cock violates my white pussy.  I lean forward to see his long, black, wet cock pistoning inside of me.  I love the look of that black cock entering my pink pussy.  The contrast between my ivory skin and his black cock and body gets me hotter.

 His balls are slapping against my ass, heavy with the hot load he is about to dump into me.  I begin to feel him pump faster, his body begin to tighten and I know he is about to come.  I grab hold of his ass and push his cock deeper into me.  I scream out in extacy as I feel his balls tighten and then his cock explodes inside of my white cunt, spasming and squeezing all of his jism dep into my hole.

 He rolls off of me and I hear a pop as his cock leaves my tiny white cunt.  He leans back into his seat and all you can smell is sex.  I look over and see his cock is still long and glistening with my juices.  As he begins to pull up his pants, I grab his hands to prevent him from listing the,  I tell him to "drive".  As we drive away, I lean over and his balls and coclk clean of our juices.  

 His cock begins to swell and I get excited to the thought of swallowing his second load.  I lick and suck, taking one ball and then the other, lightly bathing each one.  I then take his cock and swallow as much as I can, rubbing his balls at the same time.  I feel his hips begin to move and we get into a rythm.  Within no time at all, I feel him tense up and begin to moan.  I feel squirt after squirt hit the back of my throat.  I swallow as much as I can, but begin to choke.  I take my mouth off his cock and continue to pump as I finish swallowing.  I feel his cum hit me once on the face and another on the neck.  I lean back down and continue sucking and swallowing.  I can not believe he came so much.  He finally stopped cumming and I tucked his now fulfilled cock into his pants.
I got out of the car and then began to feel his jizz run down the sides of my legs.  It was a great feeling.    



MichXX1@aol.com  
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

 



