Archive-name: 3plus/1stparty.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: First Party


     The evening was not going well and Cheryl knew it.  Only fifteen,
she had almost passed out when a college junion had asked her here.
Telling her mother and father that she was going to a girlfriends house
for the night, she met her date, Billy, at a convenience store near her
home.  Just getting in the car made her feel much older than her years.
     Now, several hours later, sitting on a couch in a crowded
fraternity house, she was feeling like fifteen again.  A bunch of guys
had made a big fuss over her when she first arrived but quickly turned
their attentions to girls who were much older than she.  While she had
danced a couple dances, even her own date seemed to have abandoned her.
She hadn't seen him in over 45 minutes.  And, after the several drinks
she had been given and the joints she had been offered, she was feeling
a bit high and drowsy.  At this point, all she wanted to do was head
for home.
     As the party droned on, Cheryl found it harder and harder to
concentrate on what was going on.  All of the conversations seemed to
merge into one and the music seemed to enter into a slow motion mode.
She closed her eyes and leaned back against the couch, quickly falling
asleep.
     She woke with a start to find that the blaring music had been
quieted down and that the crowd had thinned considerably.  Soft music
was gently playing in the background and the bright lights had been
dimmed to mild shadows.  As her eyes adjusted, she realized that a
couple had joined her on the couch.  Glancing to her left, she saw the
two locked in a deep kiss.  Cheryl saw that the girls hand was on the
guys crotch and was slowly rubbing it.
     Looking away, Cheryl felt flushed and hoped that the couple hadn't
noticed her staring.  Across the room, she saw a girl laying on the
floor between two guys.  The girls sweater had been pushed up and one
of the guys was playing with and sucking on her bare breasts.  The
other guy lay kissing the girl with his hand resting between her legs.
     In fact, everywhere she looked, there were people making out.
From the hallway she heard the sound of a girl moaning softly and,
though dark, she could make out an outline of a couple making love.
     Suddenly, out of no where, her date appeared.  Billy sat down hard
next to her and the couple next to them on the couch adjusted a bit to
their left.  Cheryl glanced over and saw that the girls head had made
its way down and had replaced her hand at the guys crotch.  She stared
as she realized that the girl had the guys cock in her mouth and was
slowly sucking up and down on it.
     "So, what's doin'," Billy asked her quietly.
     The sound of his voice made her jump.
     "Nothing, I guess I fell asleep," Cheryl replied.
     "I'll say, you were out for about an hour.  You OK?" he asked.
     "I think so."
     Billy leaned over and kissed her softly on the cheek.  Cheryl felt
herself flush and, in spite of herself, getting excited.
     "What ya want ta do?" Billy asked.
     "I don't know," Cheryl replied, answering honestly.  She had only
ever kissed a boy once before and that boy was as nervous as she was.
She had heard girlfriends talk about going all the way and about sex
but had figured most of them were lying about it.  Anyway, Billy was a
nice guy and she figured he wouldn't press her for something she didn't
want to do.  She felt Billy's arm wrap around her shoulder and pull her
closer to him.
     Cheryl again felt Billy reach to kiss her only this time he pulled
her closer to him.  As she tried to relax, she felt his tongue press
against her lips.
     "Relax," he whispered softly, "Just relax and let yourself go
some."
     Cheryl let her lips part a bit and felt Billy's tongue enter her
mouth.  A combination of the pot, the drinks, and being overly tired
played against Cheryl's ability to resist.  Besides, she was enjoying
all of this too much to stop.
     As they sat there kissing, Cheryl felt Billy's hand slide up her
blouse and cup a breast through the material.  No one had ever touched
her like that before and she felt a low, soft moan escape her lips.
Billy took that as permission to go on.
     Billy slowly pulled away from her and leisurely began to unbutton
her blouse from the top.  Cheryl leaned forward and grabbed his hands,
stopping him, but Billy gently released himself from her grip and
continued until her blouse hung softly open.
     Cheryl tensed as she felt Billy reach behind her and fumble with
the hooks of her bra.  Again she leaned forward and tried to stop him,
this time by trying to divert his attention with a kiss.  Billy kissed
her back, again thrusting his tongue into her mouth, but continued to
work on the hooks.
     Cheryl felt a sudden relaxation of material as the bra hooks
snapped open.  Pulling away from her slightly, Billy lifted the bra
cups above Cheryl's breasts.  Cheryl felt a shiver as Billy leaned
forward and took a small nipple into his mouth.  She looked around the
room, sure that everyone there was staring at her.  To her surprise, no
one even noticed.  In fact, everyone seemed to have progressed much
further than they had when she last noticed them.
     The threesome on the floor in front of her had stripped completely
and the girl was straddling one of the guys while the other guy knelt
in front of her.  In the shadows, Cheryl could see the outline of the
guy's cock sliding in and out of the girl's body at two locations.
     Next to her, she saw that the girl was continuing to work on the
guy's cock with her mouth as the guy slowly stroked her hair.  She
could see the faint, shadowy outline of his cock slowly slide in and
out of the girls mouth.
     Quickly, Cheryl's attention was turned back to Billy.  She felt
herself being pushed sideways towards the other couple on the couch as
Billy lowered his head to her chest.  She could feel the warmth of the
boy's body beside her and felt the girl's hair tickle her bare neck as
the girl's head bobbed up and down.  Billy was gently sucking a nipple
shooting feelings through Cheryl's body that she had never known
before.  As she tried to relax she felt the other boy's hand slowly
slide over her shoulder and come to rest on her bare breast, lightly
fingering the nipple.
     If Billy noticed the other boy's hand, he didn't react.  Instead,
Cheryl felt his hand high on her leg, slowly moving up her thigh until
it came to rest between her legs.  There she felt Billy slowly start to
caress her through the course jean material.
     Cheryl's mind began to race.  She wasn't sure she was ready for
all of this but she really didn't know how to go about stopping it.
The idea of having sex was both exciting and frightening, the idea of
doing what the girls she had seen doing, sucking on guy's cocks with
their mouths, was terrifying.  Her thoughts were interrupted when she
felt Billy grab her hand and urge her to the floor below.  As she slid
from the couch, the other guy who had been feeling her breast gave it
one last firm squeeze, sending a chill of almost pleasant pain through
Cheryl's body.
     Cheryl began to lay down on the floor but Billy stopped her and
began to undo her belt.  Cheryl thought to herself that this was going
to be it, if she let him do this, she would have let go of all control.
She allowed him to loosen her belt and unhook her jeans.  Lifting
herself a bit, she felt Billy's hands work the tight slacks down her
hips and off of her legs.
     Now laying there clad only in her panties and loosened bra and
shirt, Cheryl felt herself wanting to cry and run out of the house.
But things had gone much to far for that, and she didn't want anyone
there to think of her as only a child.  She wanted Billy to like her
and, because she was terribly afraid that he wouldn't if she didn't go
along, she let him proceed.
     Billy lay almost on top of her and began to kiss her, thrusting
his tongue deep inside of her mouth.  She felt his hands roving over
her body, cupping and lightly squeezing her breasts, running across her
stomach and laying gently between her legs.  Slowly she felt his head
leaving her face and, gingerly licking her neck, move down and again
take a nipple into his mouth.  She felt her breasts grow sensitive
under his touch, again sending new and exciting feelings throughout her
body.  But, this time, he did not stop there.
     Pausing only for a few moments, he continued downward, letting his
tongue flow easily across her stomach. She felt every muscle in her
body tense as his tongue caressed her skin.  As he reached her naval,
she felt his hand slide under the elastic of her cotton panties and
touch the crease of her leg, sending shivers through her entire body.
Again lifting up slightly she allowed him to push the thin material
over her hips and down her legs.  He pushed them off her legs with one
of his own.
     Again sliding slowly down, Cheryl felt Billy's warm breath now
against her thighs.  Closing her eyes she focused on the boy between
her legs and his soft kissing of her skin.  Slowly she felt him move
his tongue up towards her pubic area and, in a move that almost caused
her to moan out, felt him touch her gently there with his tongue.  She
lay her hands over his head and gently fingered through his hair.
     Ever so slowly, Billy let his tongue probe through the light hair
that covered her mound.  A slight dampness there and almost continuous
involuntary twitching on her part told him where to touch, lick and
kiss.  The taste was more fresh than he had ever had before and, slowly
inserting a finger into her, he came to the realization that she was a
virgin.
More excited than ever, Billy left his place and quickly moved up to
again kiss her deeply on the lips.  Cheryl tasted herself for the first
time.
     "You've never done this before, have you?" Billy softly whispered
in her ear.
     Cheryl shook her head, almost imperceptably.
     "I'm going to make it nice for you kid.  I'm going to show you
things you've never dreamed of."
     Cheryl smiled at him, not sure he even saw her face in this
darkness, then hugged him tighly against her.
     "Isn't there someplace we can go, someplace alone?" Cheryl asked
softly.
     "This is OK.  You're among friends here.  It's all OK."
     "But," the words were cut off in mid-sentence as Billy again was
kissing her.
     Cheryl lay there holding him in her arms and wondered if this was
what love felt like.  She thought to herself that he must really like
her to be doing all of this and the idea that here was a college junior
making all of this fuss over her was more of a turn on than anything he
had actually done.
     Cheryl felt Billy again pull away from her slightly and expected
him to again let his mouth find her breasts.  This time though, he
knelt up a bit and undid his belt.  She lay back and watched as he
pulled his jeans down to his knees in one motion, then lay back and
kicked them completely off.  She realized that his underwear had come
off as well.  Taking Cheryl's hand, Billy placed in on his already hard
cock.
     "That's it, yeah, that's it.  Soft, yeah, that's it," Billy
whispered.
     Cheryl felt the hard member under her hand pulse as she held it
softly.  She began to instinctively rub it slowly up and down in her
hand.
     "Oh, baby, that's it, yeah," Cheryl heard Billy whisper.
     Billy let his right arm slide under her neck and he urged her to
rest her head on his chest.  Through the darkness she gazed down at the
thing she had in her hand.  She had, of course, seen erect cocks on
animals before but had never seen one on a man.
     Billy began caressing her hair, placing light downward pressure on
the back of her head.  Cheryl knew from watching the other girls in the
room what he wanted her to do.  Suddenly it didn't seem quite so bad.
He had done that to her and it had felt great.  Besides, she was now
positive that he really liked her and she certainly didn't want to risk
losing him.  She attempted to act like she had been in this position
before.
     Slowly, and kissing Billy's chest and then stomach, Cheryl let her
head slowly slide down towards his cock.  When she reached what she
considered to be an adequate distance from it, she lay her head back
down on his lower stomach and continued to caress his cock with her
hand and lightly blow a cool stream of air across the head of it.
     "Oh baby, yeah.  That's it, that's it," Billy half said and half
moaned.  "Yeah, that's it."
     Cheryl realized that he had spoken loud enough for everyone in the
room to hear but by now she really didn't care.  She slowly moved her
head forward and lightly kissed the tip of Billy's cock.  As she moved
back away from it, she licked her lips and tasted something salty on
them.
     Billy now was pushing on the back of her head and she again moved
forward, again kissing the head of it, all the while stroking it with
her hand.
     "God, baby, yes.  Oh, God," escaped Billy's lips.
     "This isn't bad," Cheryl thought to herself.  In fact, she was
enjoying it, it made her feel much older than her fifteen years to have
a guy responding so readily to her touch.
     "Take it in your mouth," Billy whispered.  "Suck on it."
     Cheryl let the head of it slowly slide between her lips and sucked
in lightly.  The salty taste was stronger now but Cheryl found it
somehow pleasant.  She felt Billy strain his hips upward and let him
move his cock into her mouth.  As he relaxed downward, she went with
him, letting her tongue slide against the side.  She felt involuntary
spasms in it.
     The two adopted a slow, steady rhythm as Billy moved his hips up
and then down, letting his cock slide slowly in and out of the
teenager's mouth.  After several minutes, Cheryl felt him gently pull
her head back towards him, carefully easing her onto her back.
     Billy rolled on top of her and Cheryl came to a full realization
what was about to occur.  Billy kissed her hard on the lips and
positioned his body between her legs.  She felt the hard head of his
cock against her blocked opening and felt Billy slowly begin to exert
pressure against her.
As the head slowly entered her, she felt a twinge of pain.  As she
jerked a little, Billy stopped and pulled out.
     "It's OK, baby, it's all OK," he whispered.  "Just relax and go
with it, it'll be OK."
     "I'm OK," Cheryl whispered up at him.
     Again, Cheryl felt Billy pressing himself against her again she
felt a twinge of pain as the head entered her.  When she tensed up this
time, Billy did not stop, instead continuing to push harder into her.
Suddenly, there was an intense hurt that made her gasp out loud and
Billy lay against her, half in and half out of her.
     Laying still until he felt her relax a little, Billy slowly began
moving in and out of her, gently at first and not pressing any further
into her.  She was not the first virgin he had broken in but she was
certainly the most exciting.  He leaned down and gently kissed into her
ear.  Cheryl felt chills run through her body.
     Cautiously, Billy let each downward thrust move further and
further into Cheryl's body.  After only a few more strokes, he could
feel the base of his cock pressing against her pelvis. There he stayed,
grinding slowly against her.  He could feel the young girl's sweat pour
off of her as she lay there moaning under him.
     The pain had long since gone for Cheryl and she accustomed herself
to the organ that had violated her.  All thoughts other than the boy on
top of her and her own feelings were blocked out as she lay there with
her eyes closed.  She felt Billy start to move in and out of her more
easily now and sensed something of an urgency in his movements.  She
found herself aware of the sounds that were coming from her own body,
the low moans of pleasure as Billy picked up his pace of movement.
     Suddenly and, without warning to Cheryl, Billy pulled out from
inside of her and came to his knees.  With that, Cheryl opened her eyes
to see several faces gazing down at her from above.  Someone had turned
a hall light on and the illumination danced across her bare chest.
     Billy had manuevered his way around to Cheryl's head and was
positioned with his cock only inches from her head.  Cherly gazed at
it, seeing it glisten with her own wetness.  A sickening feeling came
over her as Billy rubbed the damp member across her face, letting it
come to rest on her lips.  Cheryl glared around above her, there were
four sets of eyes looking down, but to her it seemed like the world was
watching.
     "Take it in your mouth," Billy almost whispered.  "Go ahead, it's
good for you."
     With that he gently slapped it against her lips.
     "Go ahead hon, it tastes good," Cheryl heard from a female voice
above her.
     "Hey Billy, you mind?" one of the male voices questioned.
     "Nah, go ahead," Billy replied.
     With that, Cheryl felt a new body lay down between her legs and,
before she could react, she felt a new erect cock pressing against, and
into her.  With that, she found Billy pushing himself against her lips.
     "Come on, open up."  There was a certain urgency in Billy's voice.
     Stunned, Cheryl parted her lips and allowed Billy to enter her mouth.
     "Fuck, suck, fuck, suck, fuck, suck, fuck, suck".....softly, starting
with one voice then progressing until all those standing above her had joined
in.  Cheryl lay on her back staring up at the unknown faces gazing down at
her, Billy's cock sliding in and out of her mouth with some other guy fucking
her roughly at the same time.
     "Come, come, come, come, come"......the chant changed to.  And with it,
Cheryl felt the man begin to screw her even harder.  Each move again became
painful as he plunged faster and faster into her.  The same was happening with
Billy, she continually had to move her head to the side to accomodate him.
     Finally Billy tensed and grabbed her head, slamming his cock into her
throat.  Gagging, Cheryl suddenly found her mouth full of a hot, gooey,
liquid, very salty and bitter.  She felt herself starting to choke violently
but Billy held her head in place and continued to drive himself into her.
     Almost at the same time, the guy fucking her quickly pulled himself from
her and began jerking his hand up and down his cock.  Glancing down towards
him, Cheryl looked just in time to see his cock spurt it's juices out towards
her.  She felt the warm fluid spray up across her chest and stomach.
     After only a few seconds, it was over.  Cheryl lay there sobbing softly
as Billy pulled away from her and stood up.  The guy who had been screwing her
a few moments before stood up and took the hand of another girl and was
walking away.
     "My turn now...." was all Cheryl heard before closing her eyes tightly
and wishing it all away.
 
--
