I had greatly enjoyed eyeballing Jenny, the lady who lived in the house behind
us, every time I saw her.  I found her very attractive, in kind of a simple,
wholesome way.  She was probably about 30 to 35 years old, 5 foot six, more or
less, very slender, medium length, curly black hair, narrow, but well defined,
hips, very small waist, and superb little tits.  I'd often wondered if she
looked as marvelous with her clothes off as I suspected.

One Tuesday afternoon, while the wife was off to her girl scout meeting, I was
out in the back yard planning yet another gardening project when I happened to
look up at the second story of Jenny's house, and what I saw was quite a
surprise.  Jenny was standing in one of the windows, her back toward the
outside, and she was (as far as I could tell, since I could only see her from
the waist up), wearing nothing at all.  I found myself staring at that window,
wondering if she might turn around.  I thought about moving into a position
with a better view, but was afraid I'd miss something.  Besides, with so many
trees in both our yards, I might not be able to find a better location. So
there I stood, watching, waiting, wondering why she was just standing there.
Her arms appeared to be crossed in front of her, and she wasn't moving, didn't
appear to be talking to anyone, she just stood there, her pale skin bright
against the darkness inside the room.

Finally she began to turn, ever so slowly, toward the window.  I could feel my
heart pounding in anticipation.  Was I really going to see those small, fine
breasts that I had imagined?  As she reached the point where I began to see
more than just the back of her I realized that here arms were indeed folded in
front, covering her chest, so I couldn't see her tits.  I looked up at her
face, and saw that she was looking right at me, with an undecipherable look.
We were obviously close enough together that I knew she could see that I was
looking at her.  I didn't know what to do for sure.  I knew the "right" thing
would be to turn away and depart the area.  But for some reason, I just
couldn't.  I had to wait and see what, if anything, she was going to do next.
Still, I was concerned that her husband or my wife might show up, see me
watching her, and do something I'd regret.  Then I remembered that it was
still early in the afternoon because I had left work early so that the wife
could go to her meeting.  Nevertheless, her husband could get home early too,
and my wife's meeting could have been cancelled.  But I just couldn't pass up
this possibility to see more of her naked body.  After what seemed like
forever with us just looking at each other, she smiled, turned, and walked
away.  I stood there for a long time, hoping she'd return for the rest of the
"show", but finally decided to give it up as another foolish hope for a cheap
thrill.

I thought about that "afternoon delight" a lot in the ensuing days, and looked
for her whenever I was out in the yard, or driving by her house.  I saw her a
few times as I drove by the front of her house, and we both smiled at each
other as we passed, but we never spoke, and I was too timid to take any sort
of action to make direct contact with her about the window episode.

Then, on another Tuesday afternoon, when I was finishing my exercise routine
and getting ready to take a shower, I saw Jenny in her back yard, looking
toward the sliding glass doors that lead to the deck outside our bedroom
window.  "I wonder if she would like a return of the favor?", I thought. "What
the heck, let's give it a try!"  So I took off my sweats, leaving only my jock
strap on, and proceeded to the right side of the sliders.  I pulled back the
sheer curtain liners, so that she could see in more clearly.  I peeked around
the edge of the door to see if she was still alone and watching.  She was.
Then I slowly walked into the center of the doors, with my back to the
outside, just as Jenny had done.  I stood there like that for a few seconds,
then I slowly turned toward the doors.  When I finally reached the point where
I could see where Jenny had been standing, I couldn't see her. "Shit!", I
thought.  Then I turned all the way around, and saw her.  She had moved closer
to the fence that separates our yards, and was looking right at me, smiling. I
smiled back, and started to wave, but she suddenly turned and walked toward
her house.  "Dammit!", I thought, "What the fuck is going on here?"  Then I
saw Tim, her husband, coming out into the yard.  Just as I had feared, he too
had come home early.  I jumped back and closed the curtain sheers, thinking he
was going to see me.  He was not looking for anything like that, fortunately.
He just proceeded out to their storage shed at the back of their yard. "Whew!"
I could finally breathe again.

As I took my shower, I couldn't help but wonder what would have happened if
Tim had not shown up.  Worse yet, what if he had shown up without Jenny
realizing it and he'd seen what was happening?  "I better forget this whole
nonsense, before I get in big trouble.", I thought.

Try as I might, I couldn't get the idea out of my head that I had to find out
just how far Jenny might want this "lookey-loo" stuff to go.  I had just
gotten myself into pretty good shape for a guy in his forties, and would enjoy
showing off to her again, and I thought maybe she needed to have someone other
than Tim appreciate her loveliness as well.  It was even possible that she was
attracted to me enough to want to go beyond a visual relationship.

The very next Tuesday, I saw Jenny at her window again, her bare backside to
the window, the thin tan line once again hinting at joys not yet beheld.  I
waited for quite awhile.  Then, finally, she began to slowly turn toward the
window, arms crossed, just as before.  When our eyes met, she very very slowly
began to move her arms outward, toward her sides.  She kept her forearms at
just the right position such that I could not yet see her tits.  When she got
to the point where only her hands covered her tits, she stopped.  I looked up
at her face and nodded approval, as if to say "go ahead".  To my chagrin, she
didn't move her hands, but rather, she shook her head "no".  Confused, I put
my arms out to the side, tried to look sad, and mouthed an exaggerated
"PLEEEEASE."  Again, she shook her head, but then, in one motion, she removed
her hands from her breasts, and turned quickly away, so fast that I only got a
glimpse of her nipples (at least I think I did, but I had forgotten to put my
glasses on, so I wasn't positive). Disappointed, I stood there a short while
to see if she'd return.  When she didn't, I went back inside.  I was really
excited, so I rushed my exercises, and when I got in the shower I made certain
that my cock got REALLY clean!

At this point, I was fairly certain that Jenny wanted to go farther with the
showing off, but I was unsure about what she might ultimately have in mind,
and I had no idea what she might want me to do next, if anything.  I pondered
the question frequently for the next several days.  Each day I would go into
the yard and check the window for signs of Jenny.  If she wasn't there I'd do
my exercises and check the yard before showering.  One day I saw her there,
but she was dressed and cleaning the window.  I waved, but she did not
respond.  I was really getting confused.  What did she want?  What should I
do?  I had no answers.

Then came the next Tuesday, and again, after I had finished my exercises, I
saw Jenny in her yard, watching our sliding doors.  At this juncture I felt
like I needed to get things moving ahead, or ended.  So I decided to escalate
the "show off" war.  This time, I took everything off, opened the sheers, and
walked into the doorway.  As before, I kept my back to the outside.  I put my
arms up to the back of neck, flexing my muscles as best I could.  Slowly I
began to turn while lowering my hands down the front of me, timing it so that
I would have my cock covered by the time I had almost fully turned.  I kept my
eyes ahead of my body, and I saw that Jenny was still watching, and as I
completed my turn, she looked up at my eyes, and gave me the same nod or
approval as I had given her.  Like her, I shook my head no.  Then she gave me
the "PLEEEEASE" gesture, just like I had given her.  I decided to give her
some of the same thing she had given me, and quickly moved my hands back up to
behind my neck, turned, walked away, and closed the curtains.  I peeked out to
watch her reaction, and saw her stay there for about two or three minutes,
then shrug her shoulders and return to the house without another look.  Had I
been too brief I wondered, or was she unimpressed with what she had seen?
Maybe the railing on the deck had obscured the view.

The following several days it rained steadily, so I figured there would be no
window shows, and stayed in.  The next week was nice, although overcast.
Nonetheless, since I figured it was still "my turn" to view, I proceeded to
the back yard to check what was fast becoming my favorite window.  No one
there.  "Damn", I thought.  "I guess I should have checked last week when it
rained.  Maybe she think's I lost interest.  Maybe she decided she was doing
something too naughty.  Just as I was about to leave, I saw her move into the
window, her bare back facing out exactly as before.  Slowly she turned, moved
her arms out to where her hands covered her tits, and slowly moved her breasts
up and down with her hands.  I vigorously nodded my approval, and she smiled
back.  Then she slowly moved her hands forward from her until only her
fingertips were touching her breasts. I still couldn't see her nipples though.
Then she finally moved her hands up the front of her chest in a caressing
fashion.  There they were, the prettiest little tits I have ever seen.  Just
the right shape, and perfectly white.  Dark areolas, just slightly larger than
the nipples, which were big enough for me to see clearly.  I was captivated by
the sight.  She stood there for quite awhile, while I stared like a schoolboy
with his first "Playboy" magazine.  Then I looked up and smiled and said
"Thank You".  She couldn't hear me of course, but I think she understood.  She
smiled, caressed her tits and her nipples a little more, turned, and left.  I
stayed for a few minutes, just in case.  But I that was it for that day.  I
got even cleaner in the shower that time.

By now it was clear that Tuesdays were probably the only days that anything
might happen, so I decided to take the whole next week to figure my next move.
I had already let her see all of me, so there was nothing to add, except to
make it take longer, and maybe tease a little.

When the day finally came, I saw her in the yard waiting, and took up my
position.  But this time I had a long T-shirt on, that came down below my
otherwise uncovered butt.  I turned around a full circle, and when I was again
facing away from her, I slowly lifted the shirt up over my head, and held it
in front of me as I turned back to her.  Then very slowly, I lowered the tee
shirt down the front of me until my hands were in front of my cock, held that
pose for a few seconds, and then let the shirt fall.  I looked at Jenny, and
she gave me a nod and an "OK" sign.  I returned the sign, with both hands.
This left me fully exposed to her.  She watched me carefully, and I could see
that she was smiling, (I hadn't forgotten my glasses this time).  After a few
seconds, I turned, walked out of view, and closed the curtains.  I laughed at
how much fun I was having, acting like an adolescent again.  At the same time,
the adult part of me was concerned that I might be heading into something I
couldn't handle.

It was getting harder and harder to wait for a week to pass, and I was very
eager to get into my viewing position for Jenny's turn to display her wares.
I waited by the fence for what seemed like a very long time, but finally she
came into view.  This time, she was dressed in a lacy white robe that you
could just barely see through in the sunlight.  She was almost facing the
window this time, but turned to the side and bent over.  She seemed to be
moving something in from the edge of the window.  When she stood up, she
reached up to the collar of the robe and ever so slowly pulled it open and
gently slid it off of her shoulders.  As the frilly edges of the robe
contacted her nipples, they hung there for a second, then jumped off and out
of the way.  There were those wonderful breasts again for me to enjoy.  I
wished I could caress and kiss them, but for now, I was glad just to be able
to see them once more.

When Jenny dropped the robe away, I discovered that she had indeed moved
something in alongside her.  She stepped back and to her right a little, and
stepped up on whatever it was.  Now I could see her tummy, all the way down to
the top of her pussy hair.  I made a lifting motion with my hands, trying to
get her to raise up higher.  Then she did something that really got my
attention.  She raised her left leg up and outward and put her foot on the
window sill.  At that moment, I knew that I was just a few inches short of
being able to see her pussy.  But there was no place higher and closer for me
to go.  Then she began gently caressing her breasts, smiling down at me all
the while.  I was enchanted again, locked into position, my eyes glued to her
hands, watching their every move, wishing they were my hands.  She began
moving her left hand down her tummy, then out along her leg.  Back and forth
along her thigh she moved the tips of her fingers, each time getting a little
closer to her pussy.  Then she moved her other hand down, and put both hands
between her legs and moved them up and down while leaning her head back.  I
was really getting hot when she looked back down at me, raised both hands,
blew me a kiss, waved, stepped down and disappeared.

I was so excited that I actually thought seriously about going over to her
house and seeing what I could get going, but decided against it.  While I
wasn't sure of her ultimate intent, I figured that it was much safer to assume
that playing the voyeur/exhibitionist game was all she really wanted to do.

The next Tuesday, I couldn't wait to get home and get the wife off to her
meeting.  However, since it was my turn to show off again, I once again had to
figure out what to do this week.  I had already shown it all twice, albeit
briefly.  I decided to check the scene out before I did my exercises.  I
looked out back and there was no one there yet.  Fortunately, it was a nice
day, not too cool, so I decided to open the sliding doors and actually go out
on the deck if and when Jenny got into her viewing position.  Fortunately, I
only had to wait a few minutes.  When she arrived, she had a folding chair,
and some sort of case.  It looked a little like a camera case, but it was to
big for the simple cameras, and too small for a 35 mm SLR type camera.  "Oh
well, what the hell" I figured.  So I took everything off and put my bathrobe
on.  Then I walked out onto the deck, facing Jenny.  She didn't seem surprised
by my coming all the way out of the house, she just smiled and waved.  I waved
back and said "Nice day".  "So far", she replied.  As I reached for the
tie-string on my robe, Jenny reached into her case, and removed a small set of
binoculars!  I was surprised and uncertain, but decided to press on
regardless.  She put the glasses up to her eyes, and I untied the robe string,
began to pull the robe apart, and turned my back to her.  "Hey!" she said,
almost too loudly.  I looked back over my shoulder at her, and slid the robe
off my back and let it fall to the deck.  She just watched, not a word, no
movement. "Well, here goes", I thought, and I slowly turned toward her.  She
then sat forward in her chair, and let out a whistle as I came into full view.
I hadn't realized it until then, but my cock was fully erect at that point.
"Thank goodness for all these trees", I thought.  "If any of the other
neighbors should see this, I'd end up in Jail!".

To my amazement, Jenny made a jacking-off motion with her hand.  Did she want
me to do that?  I looked around to satisfy my fear of being seen by other than
her.  "Well, I don't think anyone else can see", I thought.  "Let's try a
little."  I took my cock in my right hand and began sliding my hand back and
forth.  Since the rail on the deck was about the right height, I moved close
to it, put my hand on the rail to steady it, and moved my hips back and forth
so that the tip of my cock came in and out of my hand.  Jenny was watching
through her binoculars.  I steadily increased the pace until it became too
difficult to maintain position.  Then I put my hands up to my face, blew her a
double kiss, said  "See you next week", and rushed inside.  I think she said
something as I left, but I couldn't tell for sure, so I just proceeded to the
shower.

Well, I really had to think all this over.  How much farther could it go?
Playing with myself on the deck was fun once, but not something I needed to do
again.  I wondered if maybe Jenny felt the same way.  I knew that we were
going to have to talk about this, or stop where we were.  I really wanted to
get closer to her, to see if we could connect and have some intimate fun.  But
I had no idea how to make that happen, and I didn't want to upset her if she
had already gone as far as she wanted to.  So I continued to ponder the
situation, until the next Tuesday.

It was my turn to view, so I proceeded to the back yard as soon as the wife
left for her meeting.  I went to the viewing position, but no Jenny in the
window.  "Hi there", I heard someone say, and turned to see Jenny beside the
fence.  "Well, hello there", I said, trying not to choke on my surprise.  "I
didn't see you there".  "Or up there either", she replied.  Trying to be cool,
I walked over to the fence and said "I've wanted to talk to you about how very
much I've enjoyed these Tuesday afternoons, but I'm not sure what to say".  "I
know", she said. "It was fun, but we can't leave it at that, can we?", she
asked.  "I hope not" was all I could say.  We just kind of talked about things
for awhile, sort of testing the situation, I guess.  I was feeling more like
there was a definite chance for some additional contact, but was too timid to
ask.  Finally, I managed to say "I sure would like to see you up close like
this more often, I really like looking at you and talking to you."  "Well",
she said, "what are we going to do about it?"  I knew this was the do or die
moment.  If I flubbed that lead-in, it would probably be over before it really
got started.  "This is very nice, right like this, but I would prefer a little
more privacy and a lot more time." I offered.  "Where?", she replied, somewhat
forcefully.  "Well, I have a cabin in the mountains, about an hour and
forty-five minutes from here, could you find an excuse to be gone for a
Saturday or Sunday.  I frequently go there to fish, and sometimes the wife
stays here."  "That might be difficult, let me think about it" she answered.
"In the mean-time, since today was your turn to see me, I owe you a peek."
With that, she opened the front of her blouse and revealed those lovely tits
again.

This close, her breasts were even prettier than from a distance.  Firm, white,
reddish areolas, large nipples, smooth, not a blemish anywhere.  I thought
about jumping the fence!  "Wow, I sure like those!" I blurted.  "I hope we can
get together soon, somehow."  She re-buttoned her blouse, moved a little
closer, looked me in the eye and said "Count on it!"  Then she said "I still
expect a show from you next week!"  "Count on it!" I replied.

Later that week, the wife told me that in two weeks she was going to a girl
scout campout over a weekend.  She would be leaving Friday afternoon, and
returning on Sunday evening.  "Well, isn't this interesting?" I thought.

Rather than wait until the next Tuesday, I decided to take a chance that I
might run into Jenny in the yard some other day.  So each afternoon I went out
back to "putter" in the yard.  On Friday, Jenny was out doing some gardening
alongside the fence, so I worked my way over to where she was and said "Hi
neighbor."  "Hello there, good looking." She said, seductively.  "Have you had
a chance to think over what we talked about?", I asked.  "No, but I have
thought about what you might do next Tuesday."  "Oh, what might that be?"  I
needed an idea, because I was having no luck figuring out how to do more or
better than the last episode.  "I'll bet you can't 'go all the way' from the
deck," she said in a kind of challenging and teasing way.  "What?", I asked,
trying to act like I didn't know what she meant.  "I mean I want to see you
cum while you're on your deck."  "Whoa!!!!", I was surprised that she was so
direct.  "I don't know if I can do that." "Well, I hope you'll try, I'd be
very pleased if you did."  "Let me think about it.  We better go now, before
this looks like more than a casual encounter."  "OK," She said, "I'll 'SEE'
you later".  I completely forgot to mention the weekend that my wife would be
away.

When Tuesday arrived, I was very apprehensive.  To jack off to climax out on
my deck seemed very chancy.  Still, I really felt that any further
relationship with Jenny might depend on my demonstrating that I was willing to
be adventurous.  So I proceeded to get undressed and put on the bathrobe.  I
looked out back and Jenny was not there yet.  So I sat on the edge of the bed
and started playing with myself, slowly sliding my hand up and down my cock,
trying to get excited enough that I could reach climax quickly when I went out
on the deck.  Fortunately there was nothing below the deck other than a flower
bed, so I wouldn't have to worry about a big cleanup job.

I was really enjoying myself when I saw Jenny going out to her viewing
position, chair and binoculars in hand.  "Well, here goes nothing." I thought.
I got up, closed the robe, opened the sliders, and walked out onto the deck.
I waved to Jenny, she waved back and put her binoculars to her eyes.  I opened
the robe, took my cock in hand, and began jacking off slowly.  Jenny was
watching quietly.  After a few minutes I was getting too warm for the robe, so
I slid it back off my shoulders and let it fall.  Jenny let out a little
whistle.  I moved closer to the rail, and put my hand on it.  I began plunging
my cock in and out of my hand while I watched Jenny for motivation.  She was
holding the binoculars with one hand and fondling her tit with the other.
That helped.  As I felt myself getting close to cumming I tried to thrust a
littler faster in and out of my hand, but couldn't.  So I just stood still and
let my fingers do the working.  Jenny took her hand off her tit and put it
between her legs.  That was all it took.  Up came that wonderful muscle spasm
from deep within.  Out shot my wad.  I guess I had been pretty fired up, the
first shot went clear out onto the lawn.  Jenny was standing now, trying to
get a closer look.  "All I need is for someone to show up now!", I thought.
It seemed like the spasms would never stop, shot after shot kept coming.
"Thank you.", I heard Jenny say.  As my cock began to wither, she put her
glasses away, blew me a kiss, folded her chair, waved, and walked back to the
house.  I picked up my robe and went in to take my shower.

The following Saturday, Jenny and I talked again over the fence.  This time I
mentioned the weekend I was going to have free.  She told me that just the
night before her husband had told her he was going fishing with his buddies
that weekend.  "We'll never have a better chance than this!", I told her.
"You're right, but I'm a little unsure about taking this next step."  "Me
too." I said, "But I really want to be able to show you just how much I want
you!"  She said that she needed to think about it a little more, and would
probably have an answer for me next Tuesday.  I left it at that, there was no
need to get pushy.  Besides, I'd already had more fun with her than I ever
expected.

Finally Tuesday came.  I went to the backyard as soon as the wife left.  Jenny
came out of the house with a robe on and carrying a small bag and a folding
chair.  Since it was my turn to watch her I was a little confused.  She came
over to where I was standing and set the stuff down.  "Don't go away!", she
said.  She returned to the house and came back a second later with one of
those big beach umbrellas.  "Going to the beach?" I asked.  "Just be patient,
and you'll be glad!" she remarked.  I asked if she'd decided about the
weekend, and she repeated "Be patient!"  So I just stood there as she set up
the umbrella.  She positioned the umbrella so that it was on the other side of
her from me, making kind of a frame behind the chair.  Then she sat down in
the chair and said "Be quiet now, and just watch."

She opened the front of the robe and revealed that she had nothing else on.  I
looked at her wonderful titties for a moment then observed the rest.  She had
a very tight tummy, with a hint of muscles showing, and tight white thighs.
Her pussy hair was black and very curly.  She was a very pretty lady.  She
began caressing herself, running her fingertips all over the front of her, up
and down between her shoulders and her knees, occasionally passing through
that curly hair.  I wanted to comment, but she had said be quiet, so I was.
She reached into the bag by her side, and pulled out a hairbrush.  She ran it
through the hair at the side of her head a few times and then started brushing
her pussy hair.  Very slowly she brushed the hair in an upward direction, each
stroke made the lips move up and down and kind of open up a little.  She kept
spreading her legs farther and farther apart as she brushed.  Then she took
the brush by the bristles, and began running the handle up and down the top of
her left thigh.  With each pass, she moved farther downward onto her inner
thigh, and the top of the stroke came closer and closer to her pussy.
Finally, she ran the tip of the handle between the lips and up her tummy,
across her left breast, up her neck, and across her lips.  Then she looked at
me coyly and licked around the end of the handle.  I started to speak, but she
put a finger to her lips as if to say SHHHH!  Then she sucked on the end of
the hairbrush, licked on it again, and began the return trip.  Down her neck,
across her tit, around the nipple, down the tummy, into the curly hair it
went.  Slower now, she pushed the tip between the lips.  Up and down she went.
I looked up at her face, and her eyes were closed.  I looked back down to see
her gently push the handle into her.  When the bristles reached the lips she
stopped, and pulled it slowly back out, then in again, up to the bristles,
then slowly out again.  Then she put the brush back in the bag, and extracted
a bright, shiny new whisk.

"Are we having omelets?" I asked.  "SHHHHH, or I'll leave!", she admonished.
She took the whisk by the handle, and ran the wire loops along the top of her
leg, across her tummy and down the top of her other leg.  Back up her leg
again, and the up her side and onto her breast until the nipple was between
two of the loops.  She pushed the whisk so that the nipple was caught between
the wires and lifted the whisk away from her until the nipple snapped free.
She did the same on her other tit, but this time she had really caught the
nipple tightly between the loops, and when it finally popped free, the whisk
made a ringing sound like several tuning forks.  Then she put the loop end
between her tits, and slowly, slowly slid it down her tummy, into her pussy
hair.  She ran it up and down the lips of her cunt several times, each time
pressing a littler harder into her, making the lips separate, revealing a
little more pink.  After a few more strokes, she put the end of the handle
closest to the loops into the fingers of her right hand, and the other end
into her left.  With her left hand, she rotated the whisk left and right, with
the widest part of the loops across the lips of her pussy.  As she pressed the
gyrating loops harder against her she rotated even faster, so that I could
hear the wire loops hitting each other.  She was really getting into it,
judging from the sweat on her tummy and her heavy breathing.  I was fairly
certain that the loops were hitting against her clit, and I must have been
right, because she suddenly let out a loud "OHHHHHHH, YESSSSSSS", and quivered
heavily several times, then stopped the rotation and gave a big "oooooooooooo".

When she opened her eyes and looked at me, she seemed a little surprised, like
maybe she had gotten so into her activities that she had forgotten for a
moment that I was there.  "Thank you for sharing that with me!", I said.  "You
are very welcome, Sir." she teased.  "What about the weekend?", I asked.  "I
think I'll be able to go with you." "Grrrrrrrrrreat!", I shouted.  "SHHHHHH",
she reminded.  We decided to meet by the fence on Thursday or Friday afternoon
to finalize plans.  Then we both went in to our houses.

        Will these two ever get to touch each other?
        Will they suck?
        Will they fuck?
        Will they play with kitchen utensils?
        Will they ......................................?

        Stay tuned for the next episode.
