(c) Copyright 1996 Conure.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





        The attached story is Copyright 1995, Conure
   Please feel free to distribute this text file, in tact,
   where ever it is welcome.  Please do not distribute to
               minors, in the U.S. or abroad.
                      Thank you, Conure
                              
                         Disclaimer
                              
     The attached story contains sex between adults and
teenagers.  If this type of story offends you, please delete
                 it now and read no further.
                              
The names and situations in this story are purely fictional,
  and any resemblance to any person, living or dead, or any
     situation portrayed below, is purely coincidental.




                       To Be Eighteen
                          By Conure
                              
                           Part 1
                              
      It  was a warm and beautiful Wednesday afternoon,  the
third day of the new school year.  Tina was laying dazed  in
the  grass  beside the track, her chest rising  and  falling
rapidly  as  she  recovered  from  her  cross-country  track
practice  run, the cool September breeze making her  nipples
stretch the material of her thin mesh track shirt.
      Her  coach was talking to her, but he knew she  wasn't
really  hearing  him as he looked over her light-golden  tan
body.  He smiled to himself at her innocent beauty.  She had
half  the guys in the school looking her over and she didn't
even realize it.
      And  it  was  no  wonder why they looked,  he  thought
amused.   She stood five feet tall, was lean and firm.   She
had  small  size six feet, her long thin legs ended  at  her
track  shorts, which were always to small, the slit  on  the
side  went right up to her boyish hips accentuating  exactly
how long and smooth her young coltish legs were.
      She  had always worn the nylon-mesh track shirts,  her
firm little tummy always peeking out from under the hem, and
the  low  waist of the too-small shorts giving off a bikini-
like show of her torso.
      The  coach always admired her for her skills, but once
in  a  while she looked so innocent he couldn't help but  to
pitch a tent in his shorts!!  She was the best he had on the
team and she had run her best today, and if she kept it  up,
she'd  take those long legs, firm tummy, short blonde  hair,
perky  little  tits  and dazzling blue  eyes  to  the  state
championships, and most likely take the gold!
     Her friend Yvette gently but purposefully nudged Tina's
leg  bringing  her out of her daze just one sentence  before
the coach dismissed the team to the locker rooms.
      Tina  and her team-mates made their way back into  the
school.   Some of the girls were talking about  shopping  in
the  mall,  and  other's  about what  they  did  with  their
boyfriends  the  weekend before.  They  entered  the  locker
rooms, stripped and headed for the showers.
     Tina watched, waiting for two girls in particular to go
in  before  she headed into the showers herself.  One  night
when  Tina was sleeping over at her team mate Yvette's house
Yvette  had told her that she had heard these two  girls  in
particular  fool around together, some girls  (like  Yvette)
didn't  care  about that, others said they  were  "Lezzies".
Yvette  even admitted to Tina she was a little curious  what
it would be like.
      Regardless, it fascinated Tina.  She thought about the
two  girls when she lay in bed at night, wondering what  the
two fast sprinters really did when they were alone together.
      Tina bent down and reached into her locker to take out
her  shower pack.  At the very moment she stood back up, the
two  girls were headed into the showers.  She followed  them
in, staying a safe distance away.
      The  two  girls walked to the back corner of the  huge
shower room and immediately began soaping each other.   This
was  pretty  common,  one  girl  massaging  anothers  soapy
shoulders  to relax each other, their soft caresses  working
out the strains of the afternoons workout.
      Standing in the steaming hot water she began  to  feel
more  relaxed, and somehow excited.  She watched as the  two
girls rubbed each other, occasionally nuzzling each other as
their  hands slipped briefly to each other's breasts.  'God,
they're  so  beautiful,'  Tina  thought  to  herself.    She
secretly wished that one day one of them would choose her to
soap them down.
     By the time Tina started to clean up, most of the girls
were  out of the shower and getting dressed.  The other  two
girls  left the shower arm in arm.  She bent over and opened
her pack, pulling out her razor and shaving cream.
      She shook the can of cream and spread it all over  her
legs  and  around her blond tuft.  Rinsing  the  razor,  she
carefully  and methodically shaved her legs and trimmed  the
edges  of  her mound, leaving a narrow strip of  soft  blond
fuzz  over  her swollen lips.  Rinsing and then running  her
hands up and down her legs to make sure she didn't miss  any
spots, she left the shower, the last girl out.
      She stood naked in front of her gym locker, shivering.
Cheap ass school, she thought, they already turned the  heat
down in the locker rooms.  She dressed and headed out.
      It  was around four o'clock when Tina left the  locker
rooms.   She be grudgingly climbed the stairs to  her  third
floor  locker.   She  dialed the combination  into  her  old
rusted  Master  combination lock, the cool steel  surprising
her hand and making her nipples erect.
      With  a  click that echoed down the hall the old  lock
came  undone  and  her locker was open.  She  slid  off  her
running shoes and threw them into a box in the bottom of the
locker,  then, pulling off her socks and throwing them  into
her  backpack, she slipped into a comfy pair of court  shoes
her mom just bought her.
      After  checking to be sure that she had all the  books
she'd  need for that nights homework, she closed her  locker
and snapped the lock shut.  She tugged it a couple times  to
be sure it took and headed down the stairs.  She reached the
landing in the middle of the flight of stairs and heard what
sounded like some one crying and pleading!
     She quietly set her backpack down on the floor and slid
along the wall to peer around the corner.  She almost gasped
at  what she saw.  There were two seniors there, both girls,
and  they  had a beautiful Japanese girl from  Tina's  math
class  cornered.   The two girls were  the  bullies  of  the
school,  you  did  as  they wished or  there  were  horrible
consequences  to pay.  And right now, this pretty  girl  was
the one paying.
      At  first  she  was pissed, but something  within  her
couldn't  bring  herself to interfere with them.   Something
about  what  wasn't happening but was taking place  thrilled
her,  made her tummy tingle.  Tina moved closer to the  edge
of the wall and strained to hear what was going on.
      "She's  really  a  beautiful girl,  isn't  she?"   the
biggest  of the two girls asked, sounding a little  nervous.
The  Japanese  girl shuddered and cried, cringing  into  the
corner  wishing that she could shrink into one of cracks  in
the cement there.
      "Heh,  she  sure is, for a chink I mean!" replied  the
younger of the two.  Both of the girls laughed, "What's your
name, bitch?!" the one screamed at her.
      This  startled  the Japanese girl, she  cried  harder.
Finally, she was able to reply just above a whisper,  "Na...
Naoko  (Note:  Pronounced Nayoco)."  The bigger girl nodded,
almost  as  if in approval.  "You got awfully nice  clothes,
chink,"   she said, pulling at Naoko's shirt and yanking  it
from  her  short  denim skirt, two or three buttons  on  the
bottom  popping  off  as  she pulled away  briefly  exposing
Naoko's beautifully firm dark skinned tummy.  Tina felt  her
stomach  twinge  in  excitement as  she  got  that  fleeting
glimpse of Naoko's bare belly.
      Naoko  cried  out, grabbing at her shirt  to  hold  it
closed and dropping her armful of books onto the floor.  The
smaller  of  the  two  bully girls kicked  the  books  hard,
sending  pages  from  Naoko's binders whistling  and  flying
through the air.
      "Please," Naoko cried, "Don't hurt me, I'll  give  you
what  you  want," she said, her deep brown  eyes  wide  with
fear, pleading with them.
      The big girl walked over to her taking hold of Naoko's
full rump length silky black hair, pulling Naoko's face just
inches  from her own, "I want your clothes, bitch.  I  think
they'll  fit my sister and she'll look great in them,  don't
you think Mary?"
      "Hey,  you  know?  You're right, Kathy,  she  is  your
sisters  size,  and  she'd look damn good  in  this  skirt!"
Naoko  began to cry, lowering her head in shame to  look  at
the  floor  through teary eyes.  She wished  that  some  one
would  come  and help her, anyone.  She'd give her  life  to
that person, especially if it was a beautiful woman...
     Naoko freaked on herself, there she went again, wishing
for  a  girl  to  rescue or help her... she  felt  confused,
dazed,  and terrified.  Maybe that's why this was  happening
to  her,  maybe  it  was God's way to tell  her  she  wasn't
normal.  Naoko began to cry harder.
      Kathy slapped Naoko's face in an attempt to bring  her
out of her sudden sobbing fit.  Naoko looked up at them.  It
wasn't  the  first time she'd been harassed by these  girls,
and she knew it wouldn't be the last.
      They had done a lot of things to her in the past,  but
they'd  never  taken all her clothes before.   She'd  walked
home many a day with nothing on other than an extra-large T-
shirt  (boys  goggling  over her long  smooth  legs  as  she
walked).   But seeing there was no way out, Naoko  began  to
undress.
     Tina couldn't believe what she was hearing or seeing!!!
She  found it impossible to take her eyes away from what was
happening.   She  watched as the two bully girls  stood  and
laughed  at  Naoko as she removed her shoes and ankle  socks
(Tina was to later find that her parents don't allow her  to
wear pantyhose or stockings).
      Naoko  had never been so humiliated in her  life,  she
hated  these girls, wanted to hurt them and yet at the  same
time give in to them hoping they would kill her and take her
away from her confused self.
      Tina  was crouched down on her hands and knees at  the
top  of the stairs, now out in full view of the girls.   She
wanted to do something, but was becoming short of breath  as
she watched Naoko slowly undress.  Tina was scared to death,
unsure of why she felt all the feelings she did.
      Naoko reached around behind her and lowered the zipper
of  her skirt, letting it drop to her feet and stepping  out
of  it.  She bent over and picked it up, handing it to Kathy
who  held it up appraisingly.  "Your parents must have a lot
of  money,  buy you nice clothes," she said with a sarcastic
imitation of a Japanese accent.  "What a waste!!"  Mary  and
Kathy giggled.
      "She's  not moving fast enough for me," Mary  sneered,
"Let's  show  her how we undress the children  of  murdering
chinks!"  And with that, Mary slapped Naoko full in the face
while  Kathy held her arms behind her back.  Naoko struggled
against the two girls but it was useless.
      Mary  began ripping Naoko's clothes to shreds, quickly
leaving her shivering and naked in the hall, the bigger girl
pulling  a  knife  and holding it to Naoko's  throat.   "Now
chink,  don't  make  a  sound or  it's  all  over  for  you,
understand?"
      With  blood running down her face from her nose, Naoko
nodded.  "Get on your knees and lick my feet."  Naoko sobbed
harder but moved down to Kathy's feet, lowering her head and
licking the girls dirty sandal clad toes.
     Tina's mind raced as she watched them shred the clothes
off the beautiful girl from her math class, trying to figure
out  what  kind  of a threat a thin bare legged  blond  girl
dressed  only  in sneakers, running shorts and a  nylon-mesh
tank  top would be against two big girls with a knife.  Tina
edged  back around the corner and listened to the shuffling
on the landing below, her heart pounding in her chest.
      She couldn't figure out what to do when she remembered
she  had  an  air horn in her bag from track that afternoon!
Moving  quickly and quietly, not wanting to lose the element
of  surprise, Tina ran around the corner and opened her bag,
pulling  out the horn.  She pressed the button while running
down the steps screaming.
      The  two  older girls yelped in surprise, and  without
looking back dropped the knife and ran down the hall leaving
Naoko's  shredded  clothes behind them.  Tina  ran  over  to
Naoko,  the naked sobbing girl falling into her arms.   Tina
was  shaking,  scared to death the girls  would  come  back,
realizing they'd been had, but, as of yet, there was no sign
of them.
      Naoko cried hard, holding onto the girl who helped her
as  hard as she could, Tina trying to ease her so she  could
breath.   Naoko would not release her grip, afraid  of  what
might happen if she let go.
     Even Tina didn't want to ease her hold on the girl, her
body  enjoying  the warmth that Naoko's body passed  through
her  thin  clothes.   Eventually Tina  calmed  her  down  by
stroking  the girls long soft hair, her fingers occasionally
brushing  against  her  soft flesh, positive  that  she  was
imagining  that Naoko's body was responding to her  intimate
touches.
       While   holding  her  Tina  couldn't  resist  Naoko's
delicious scent, the girl smelled so wonderful!  Taking  one
more  deep breath, Tina calmed Naoko enough to push her back
and get a look up and down this girls hot body.
      At  first Naoko covered herself, then, seeing the  wet
spot  on Tina's track shorts realized that she kind of liked
being  looked at and slowly lowered her hands to her  sides.
Tina  suddenly felt hot, to close to Naoko and looked  away,
"Oh,  shit!  I'm sorry... here," she said as she bent  over,
opening her backpack, "Take this sweatshirt, it'll cover you
up until we get you to the bathroom."
      Naoko wasn't sobbing anymore.  She watched Tina as she
bent  over  to  get  the sweatshirt, the  very  thin  shorts
revealing  her  full pussy lips and baring a good  half  her
ass.   Naoko wanted to reach out and touch the smooth thighs
of  this  blonde girls legs, but instead she looked away  as
Tina stood back up.
      "I'm  Tina,  are  you  okay?"   Tina  asked,  using  a
sweatband to wipe the dried blood from Naoko's nose off  her
face.
     Naoko nodded, "I'm..."
     "Naoko, I heard from on the steps.  Are you okay?"
      "Yes.   I'm just scared," she whispered.  A  tear  ran
down  her  cheek.  Tina melted as she watched the  tear  run
down  Naoko's smooth cheek, she wanted to lick  it  off  the
girls face.  She didn't know why, but she suddenly wanted to
be close to this girl.  Tina felt her face flush, and as not
to  attract  attention to it she bend over and helped  Naoko
pick up her books.
      Once  all Naoko's papers and books had been collected,
Tina led her down the hall to her locker.  She opened it and
pulled out a pair of spandex pants and handed them to Naoko,
"Here, put these on.  They'll be a little tight on you,  but
it's better than what you're wearing now."
      Naoko  tried  to  smile at Tina,  but  tears  surfaced
instead.  She took the stretchies, and leaning back  against
the  lockers she slid them up her legs, inserting  her  tiny
flawless  feet  in one at a time.  Tina took off  her  court
shoes  and  pushed them towards Naoko, "Put these  on,  I'll
wear my track shoes."
      Naoko  put  them on and stood, moving close  to  Tina.
Tina felt Naoko's closeness and wrote it off as fear of  the
others  returning.   But  when she stood  their  noses  were
millimeters apart, "Thank you for saving me," Naoko said and
kissed Tina's cheek.
      Tina  felt a heat between her legs like she had  never
felt  before  in her life.  Don't get it wrong,  she'd  felt
that  way  many  a  time before, just never  this  strongly.
Naoko  broke  the kiss and they both looked away  from  each
other.  Reaching out Kao took Tina's hand, "Will you walk me
home?   I'm  afraid to go alone," she said, her  eyes  still
full of fear.
      Tina  nodded  and  they left the school  together  and
headed towards Naoko's house.  They walked in silence for  a
good twenty minutes before Tina got up the nerve to ask what
was  on her mind, "Naoko, what did they mean when they  kept
saying you were the kid of a murderer?"
      Naoko couldn't believe there was actually some one who
didn't  know  about it.  Fear gripped her heart,  could  she
tell  Tina?  What would she do if this girl flipped  on  her
and  turned like everyone else?  Stopping at the small part,
Naoko sat down under a tree with Tina and told her story.













--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....