(c) Copyright 1996 Conure.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





        The attached story is Copyright 1995, Conure
   Please feel free to distribute this text file, in tact,
   where ever it is welcome.  Please do not distribute to
               minors, in the U.S. or abroad.
                      Thank you, Conure
                              
                         Disclaimer
                              
     The attached story contains sex between adults and
teenagers.  If this type of story offends you, please delete
                 it now and read no further.
                              
The names and situations in this story are purely fictional,
  and any resemblance to any person, living or dead, or any
     situatien portrayed below, is purely coincidental.




                       To Be Eighteen
                          By Conure
                              
                           Part 4
                              
     After breakfast the two girls showered.  When Tina went
to  get  dressed, she remembered that Naoko's dad had  taken
her  clothes  for the laundry!!  She borrowed a T-shirt  and
bib  overalls from Naoko.  The overalls looked cute on  her,
but  because Naoko was shorter than her, the pant legs  were
about  4  inches to short.  Naoko told her she looked  cute,
which was confirmed by the bulge in Naoko's dad's pants when
he saw her.
      As  every one was leaving, Naoko's dad offered to give
her  a ride home since Naoko had already left.  Tina thought
that'd  be great.  She slipped her feet into her sneaks  and
followed  him  out  to the garage where they  got  into  his
Mercedes.   He looked over at her while the car  warmed  up.
She noticed him looking at her and smiled back.
      "You  look  uncomfortable, why  don't  you  kick  your
sneakers off?" he said, thinking about what he had  seen  in
his daughter's room earlier.  She shrugged and slid her bare
feet out of the sneaks and placed them on the dashboard.
      "That  better?" she asked him, a playful smile on  her
face.
      "Almost,"  he  said, leaning over  and  unhooking  the
shoulder straps of the overalls, allowing the front flap  to
fall  down,  exposing her midriff.  She tensed a little  but
tried  to  relax, the flap exposing her almost to her  tuft.
Then  he  reached down and undid the buttons on the side  of
the overalls, exposing her pantiless hips.
      "That's  better," he smiled back at her.  She blushed,
her  heart  was  racing.  He pulled out of  the  garage  and
started towards her house.
     "She really loves you, Tina."  She blushed.  "I watched
you two last night."  Tina felt her throat tighten.
     "Excuse me?"
      "I  saw you and Naoko making love together last night.
The door was left open and I couldn't help but notice when I
walked by.  You two were so beautiful.  You two have  a  lot
to  learn."  Tina felt totally humiliated, but at  the  same
time thrilled, excitement pulsed through her body, she began
to  tremble.  She also wanted to crawl under the seat  right
then and there.
     Speaking barely above a whisper no able to look at him,
Tina asked, "So... what do you want from me?"
      "I  don't want my daughter hurt, but I DO want you two
to love."
      "Uh..  I  would never do anything to hurt her!!"  Tina
said defensively, her eyes locking with his, feigning anger.
He  could see her rising passion hidden behind the anger  in
her wide blue eyes.
      "Well then," he said, pulling over to the curb, "Prove
it to me."  He put the car in park.
      Tina looked around, not getting the point.  "What?   I
don't get it?"
     "I think you do."
      "I  don't  know what you want from me," she said,  her
eyes  wide with excited fear.  She began to tremble, wanting
badly to be naked for him, wanting him to touch her...  "I'm
a virg..."
      Holding his hand up and waving it around, "No no...  I
don't want that.  There are certain things I want if you are
to  see my daughter, but, I'll only tell them to you if  you
promise to obey them."
      Tina  swallowed hard, "Okay," then looking away, "What
are the rules?"
     "You must learn obedience, as Naoko has.  You must take
learn  and obey from anyone who gives it to you.  Naoko  has
already been trained, that is why she is such a good  child.
You  too  will need that training, and it shall begin  now."
She   looked   up  at  him.   She  was  almost  panting   in
anticipation, she felt her juices dripping between her legs.
Tina  had heard that Naoko's father was a little weird,  but
she never knew in what way.
     "Strip."
     Her mouth formed a surprised O, "Right here?"
      His only answer was a firm nod.  She looked around the
street.  There were a few people around, but she did  as  he
requested  praying the tinted windows were  enough  to  keep
prying eyes at bay.
     She peeled her shirt up over her head and then slid out
of  the overalls.  She folded the clothes and held them  out
to him.
      "Place  them in the back."  She knelt and leaned  over
the  back  of  the seat and placed the clothes  there.   She
started  to come back up but he stopped her, she  jumped  at
his hot touch.
      Her  body  trembled harder as his fingers  probed  the
crack  of  her ass and spread her lips.  "Put your hands  at
your sides and pull your ass apart."  She did as he ordered.
A moan escaped her throat as his index finger began to probe
into  her  hole.  He only penetrated as far  as  her  maiden
head.   He smiled, knowing Naoko would want to take  it  for
herself.
      He slid his finger gently in and out of her hole while
using  his other hand to rub her silky smooth inner  thighs,
and  on  occasion use his knuckle to rub her swollen nubbin.
Tina thought she was going to go wild.
      She started to gyrate her hips, but this made him stop
and  smack  her ass hard, bringing a startled and hurt  yelp
from  her.  "Do not move.  If you do, you will be punished."
She  looked  over  the  seat  at  him,  fire  and  tears  of
frustration  in her eyes.  She dropped her head  and  waited
for his actions to resume.
      Again  his  fingers touched her.  She was panting  and
spasing out of control, she needed to cum but he was keeping
her right at the edge!!  It seemed like he was torturing her
like this for an eternity.  He would push her until she lost
control and began to move, then he would stop and smack  her
ass.   She  was  whining out of frustration now,  her  pussy
aching  to  cum,  her juices running down her  inner  thighs
collecting  at  her  knees, her feet and  toes  tensing  and
relaxing.
      Tina was positive that if she looked down at the  seat
she'd  see  a  puddle of her juices there, and  she  was  so
hungry for it that she'd lap it up in as instant if it meant
she could be relieved.
     "Did you feel this good last night, Tina?"
     Her body was quaking, "Ungk.. goooood..."
     "Ah, but that wasn't what I asked.  Is this better than
last night?"
      She  nodded and gave a choked response, "I can't  hear
you,  Tina.  Do you want me to stop?" he asked, slowing  his
ministrations.
      She  cried out, "nooooo..." he loved the sound of  her
parched voice as she panted out her response, "Oh god, no...
please don't stop... it feels... much bet...ter than... last
night..."
      "Don't  you wish Naoko was here to see this happen  to
you?"
      Tina's  pussy was on fire.  She wanted to  grind  down
hard on his hand, shove back so hard that it penetrated her,
till   she  felt  his  fingertips  in  her  tummy,  "Ohhhhh,
yesssss," she hissed.
     "Wouldn't it be wonderful if she were naked in the back
seat finger fucking herself as you were being touched?"
      Tina's  trembling  was becoming  violent,  "ooooooo...
yessssssssss..." she hissed.
      He increased the intensity of his actions, knowing  it
would  bring  her  over  the  edge,  "And  wouldn't  it   be
delightful  if she were to take her sopping wet fingers  and
slip them into your mouth so you could taste her?"
      That  was all it took.  For Tina, the idea that  Naoko
could  be sitting there naked while she was fondled was  too
much  for her young mind.  She grunted and thrashed her feet
wildly,  still careful not to move her hips as she  exploded
with  an overpowering orgasm.  He managed to keep her  going
for  thirty seconds, which was a short one for him, but  she
was in bad shape and he didn't want to shock her.
     When he finished, she fell limp over the seat, her eyes
rolling  into  the back of her head, her brain shocked  from
the  over  stimulation.  He gently pulled her back into  the
front  seat  and held her in his arms.  After a few  minutes
she  came  to and wrapped her arms around him.   He  reached
into the back of the car and grabbed the overalls and handed
them  to  her after he slipped an envelope into the  pocket.
Tina  didn't  see  him do it because  she  was  still  in  a
stuporous state of mind.  He told her to put them on,  which
she didn't do until they pulled up in front of her house.
      She  leaned  over and kissed Naoko's dad, "Thank  you,
Daddy."  He giggled at this.
      He smiled at her as she got out of the car, taking her
hand   just  before  she  got  out,  "You're  a  very   good
submissive, Tina.  It turns Naoko on when a girl does as she
wishes,  she loves nakedness, both seeing it and being  it."
Tina  smiled  back  in at him, her pussy already  throbbing.
She  stretched and couldn't believe how badly her legs  were
shaking  or  how  wet her pussy *still* was.   She  couldn't
believe she still wanted more, *NO*, needed more!!
      Tina got into the house and found her mother was  out.
Big  surprise  there.  Her mom was probably out  picking  up
some guy to fuck her brains out, then bring him home to show
her   beautiful  scantily  clad  daughter's  body  to.   She
shivered at the thought.
      Tina  went  straight to her room and  pulled  out  her
diary.   She decided to write in the buff, since that's  how
she  had all her experiences, and shed the overalls.  That's
when  she found the envelope.  It was Naoko's writing.   She
opened it and sat up on the bed to read it.

          Dear Tina,
                You must have passed my father's test if you
          are reading this note.  You don't know how much  I
          love you, or how much that meant to me.
                Gaining my father's approval is very hard to
          do,  you should be very proud to be accepted,  you
          are as a daughter to him now, and a sister to me.
               I love you Tina.  I am yours forever.  Naoko

     Tina felt tears in her eyes.  She folded the letter and
placed it into her diary, then sat down and wrote down every
detail  of  the  previous  nights events,  everything.   Her
feelings, her emotions, her sensations, and the tastes.  She
got sopping wet just thinking about it.












--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....