(c) Copyright 1996 Conure.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.






        The attached story is Copyright 1995, Conure
   Please feel free to distribute this text file, in tact,
   where ever it is welcome.  Please do not distribute to
               minors, in the U.S. or abroad.
                      Thank you, Conure
                              
                         Disclaimer
                              
     The attached story contains sex between adults and
teenagers.  If this type of story offends you, please delete
                 it now and read no further.
                              
The names and situations in this story are purely fictional,
  and any resemblance to any person, living or dead, or any
     situatien portrayed below, is purely coincidental.




                       To Be Eighteen
                          By Conure
                              
                            Part 5
                              
      Then she wrote in this mornings episode.  Again, every
detail.   She  needed to cum again.  She  slipped  into  the
bathroom  and dropped her pants in front of the full  length
vanity mirror, amazed at her own sexual awakening.
     Teasingly running her fingertips over her pubis towards
her  pussy,  she  trembled as chills shot up  and  down  her
spine.   She  slowly  ran her fingers over  her  pussy  lips
occasionally allowing a finger to slip between and graze her
swollen clitoris.  She watched herself in the mirror through
heavy lidded eyes as her body trembled with her orgasm.
      Tina  felt  her juices running down her  legs  as  she
finger frigged her little pussy, her index finger slipping a
half  inch into her tight hole with each stroke of her clit.
Exhausted,  she  stumbled back towards the  toilet  and  sat
down,  her  hand  still massaging her  mound.   She  briefly
panicked  when  she thought she saw a movement  out  of  the
corner of her eye, but looking towards the door that led  to
her mother's room, she saw the door was closed.
      Tina  did  indeed  see movement by  the  door  of  her
mother's room.  It was her mom watching her through the half
open door that led to her room.  She had come home and heard
Tina  walking  across the floor into the upstairs  bathroom.
Figuring her daughter was going to take a bath, she  thought
that  she'd  run up and join her, opening the bathroom  door
just enough to realize what her daughter was doing!!!
     Even though she just finished fucking, her pussy became
instantaneously wetter and tingly.  She pulled up her tennis
skirt  and slipped her hand into her panties.  She shuddered
as  her  fingers slipped between her soft lips and  massaged
her clit, using her daughter as media for her fantasy.
      She  came  quickly, biting her lips so hard it  almost
bled, her orgasm making her tremble recklessly.  She took  a
deep  breath, and using Tina's orgasm to her advantage,  she
pulled the door closed so she wouldn't be given away by  the
click of the door.
      She lay back on the bed and waited to hear Tina's next
move.   After  several moments of silence, she heard  Tina's
pee  and then the toilet flushed.  There was the padding  of
bare  feet  across  the  tile floor and  then  the  tub  was
running.
      She  waited until she heard Tina get into the tub  and
knocked  on  the  bathroom door.  Tina jumped  in  surprise,
"Come on in, Mom."
      Her  mom  opened  the door and  walked  in.   She  was
barefoot and wearing her short tennis skirt and white shirt.
Tina was still in awe of how attractive her slim mother was.
"Hi Mommy."
     "Hi sweetie, can I join you?"
     Tina nodded and watched as her mom stripped and stepped
over next to the tub.  Tina slid forward and her mom slipped
in  behind her, spreading her legs and allowing Tina to rest
back  against  her.   Tina rested  her  head  on  her  mom's
shoulder, cuddling against her, and sighed.
      Picking up the bar of soap, her mom began to  soap  up
Tina's  shoulders,  slowly moving down to  the  young  girls
barely  visible breasts.  She felt the kids legs  twitch  as
she  ran  the  smooth  bar of soap over Tina's  breasts  and
tummy, moving ever so slowly towards her mound.
      Tina's mouth was slightly open and her mom could  hear
her  breathing quicken.  She knew she had her daughter,  she
needed  this.  It had been so long since she tasted  a  girl
that young she craved it.
      As  her hand slipped between Tina's legs, Tina stopped
her,  "Oh,  Mommy... please..." her head motioning  side  to
side, "Don't," she panted
      Jennifer heard Tina swallow hard and knew she had her,
it  was  just a matter of time.  She wrapped her legs around
Tina,  place  her ankles behind Tina's knees.   Pulling  her
legs  apart forced Tina to spread her legs, bending them  at
the knee.
     Again taking the bar of soap, she massaged Tina's tummy
and moved down towards her young pussy.  Tina groaned as her
mom  moved  closer.   She was ready to  stop  her  mom,  but
Jennifer  was ahead of her, "I met Sam at the tennis  courts
today, Tina.  He asked about you."
      Tina  shivered.  She liked Sam, he was beautiful.   He
reminded  her of Barry Gib from the Bee Gee's.  She quivered
as  her  mother let the bar of soap float in the  water  and
applied her hand to her mound.  Tina shivered as she thought
about  Sam.  "Did you two do it?"  Tina asked between pants,
her eyes still closed.
      Enjoying the grip she had over her daughter,  Jennifer
decided  to tease her, "Yeah.  He fucked me right  there  on
the  courts.  There wasn't anyone around, not that it  would
have mattered, he pounded me senseless."
      She felt Tina's body tense and tremble, the young girl
gasped  and took shallow breaths.  Tina decided to tell  her
mom  about  Naoko.  Jennifer knew she had won,  she  brought
Tina  off.  Jennifer talked with Tina as she recovered  from
her cum, gently massaging her daughters soft body.
      They  got  out  of the bath tub and Tina  stood  naked
before  her mom as Jennifer toweled her daughter dry  (while
wet  and on her knees, of course).  Jennifer listened as she
learned just how deep Tina's love for Naoko was.
      "Tina,  I  have something very special for you."   She
took  her  daughters hand and led her to her room, motioning
for  Tina to sit on the bed.  The lithe girl sat naked,  her
nipples  hard  from  the  cool air as  Jennifer  opened  her
dresser  drawer and removed a box.  She walked over to  Tina
and handed it to her.
      Tina  opened the box and blushed.  It was a  ten  inch
strap-on dildo.  Blushing, her mother said, "That's  what  I
lost  my  virginity  to.  Your Aunt  Emily  and  I  used  it
together  after the prom."  Tina looked at her mom  in  awe,
amazed that her mom had ever done anything with a girl.
      The  two talked endlessly, finishing at 2am with  Tina
going to her room to sleep after her mother promised to  get
her a couple of videos of girls doing it.  After Tina closed
the door to her room, Jennifer pulled out her favorite dildo
and fucked herself numb.
     Tina didn't see Naoko all week, her mom decided to stay
away until Friday and Naoko's dad was busy with his practice
(which  Tina  wanted  to learn more about,  something  about
Child  Behavioral Modification) but promised her that  Naoko
would be home by the weekend and that he'd have her call  as
soon as she got in.
      Friday  finally  rolled around.  Tina practically  ran
home  from school.  The phone was ringing as she opened  the
door  and she literally knocked herself out getting  to  the
phone, "Hello?"
     "Hi Tina!  God I missed you so much!!!!"
      She was thrilled, it was Naoko, "Oh God, I missed  you
too!!!  Can I come over?"
      "Yeah!!!   My  dad's already on his way  over  to  get
you!!"
      "Okay.  See you soon, love you!" Tina said as she hung
up.   Naoko waited patiently until they arrived.  Meanwhile,
Tina ran up to her room and changed, swearing when she heard
the  horn  of  Naoko's  dad's car.  Running  back  down  the
stairs, she noticed a video tape on the table.
      She  picked it up and there was a note on it from  her
mom.  "This is for you and Naoko, tonight.  Love Mom."  Tina
felt  her  pussy  get real hot.  She ran back  upstairs  and
grabbed the box her mom gave her a few nights ago and shoved
it   into  her  backpack  along  with  the  tape,  ran  back
downstairs, locked the house and jumped into the Mercedes.
      Tina chatted endlessly with Naoko's father until  they
arrived  at the house.  Naoko ran into the kitchen to  greet
her,  wearing  only an oversized T-shirt and  bunchy  socks.
She  ran  over  to  her and they hugged  and  kissed,  Naoko
holding on to her until they were in her room with the  door
safely closed, where they embraced and tongue kissed.
      They  fell onto the bed and made out until  they  both
broke  up giggling.  Tina reached under the T-shirt to  find
that  Naoko was bare beneath it.  She teased her for a while
by  rubbing her hand gently over her mound, but did  nothing
to relieve the girl of her dire needs.
     Tina sat up, "So, what'd you do what you were away?"
      Naoko  stay laying down, her face flushed,  "Well,  my
cousin  taught  me how to tease a girl really really  bad...
it's great!!"
     "Cool... you'll have to do it to me, I think!"  The two
of  them  broke  up together.  They chatted like  the  young
schoolgirls they were.
      Just before dinner Naoko walked over to her closet and
opened it, "I brought you something back."  She pulled out a
shiny white box and handed it to Tina.
      She opened the box to reveal a silk nighty.  Tina  was
immediately excited.  She took it into the bathroom  to  put
it  on.  She stripped and took the top from the box.  It was
a  short-sleeve top, that barely covered her flat chest, the
material  making her nipples stand erect as it slid  up  and
down over her breasts with each breath, exposing the bottoms
of her tiny boobs as it rose.
      The  bottom  was  a silk covering, a  small  piece  of
material hung from the front and back, connected only by two
very  thin  silk strings, at the sides.  The  material  just
hang  down, there was no way to attach them together at  her
crotch.  One wrong move and she was visible for all to  see.
The  small pieces of cloth barley large enough to cover  her
most private parts, she loved it.
      When  she  stepped out of the bathroom, Naoko  gasped,
"You're  beautiful," was all she could say, and she said  it
breathlessly.
     There was a knock at the door.  It was Naoko's mom, "Oh
Tina!!   That  is so darling on you!!!  Turn  around,"  Tina
did,  blushing profusely.  "You are astounding in  it.   I'm
sure Naoko's father would love to take you for a drive in it
sometime."  Tina's pussy twinged, sure that she'd love to be
taken for a ride in it some time.
     "Anyway, sorry to interrupt you two, but your dad and I
are  going to the city tonight, Frank Sinatra is playing  at
the  village and we have a front row table.  You two have  a
good  time, we won't be back tonight, we're staying  in  the
apartment down there.  Goodnight!"
     They all said their goodbyes, and as soon as they drove
away, Tina took Naoko's hands, "And now I have something  to
show  you!"  Tina stated.  She walked across the room, Naoko
unable to keep her eyes off Tina as she went, and opened her
backpack, dumping the tape and dildo box out onto the bed.
      Naoko smiled when she saw the tape, but gasped at  the
strap  on  dildo.  They both oogled over it and  decided  to
watch  the  video.   They headed into Naoko's  parents  room
where  they could stretch out on the king size bed and watch
the video.
      Tina sat down on the bed and Naoko put the tape in the
VCR and walked over to the bed.  "Tina, I want to tie you up
first."   Thrilled by the idea, Tina agreed.  She  stood  up
and  Naoko used a silk scarf from her mothers dresser to tie
Tina's  hands  tightly  behind her back.   She  became  very
excited  to  find  that  when  she  tried  to  escape,   she
couldn't!!!
      Naoko helped Tina back onto the bed and helped her lay
down,  propping her head up with a few pillows so she  could
see the video.  Stripping naked, Naoko sat on her knees next
to Tina and started the movie with the remote.
      The  title of the movie was Kittens.  It was  about  a
circle  of  three girls, two very experienced that  want  to
take  a  very young and cute blonde girls virginity, "Sounds
familiar,  huh  Tina?"   Tina giggled nervously,  her  pussy
beginning to drip.  She held her legs tight together.
      The fucking began.  Naoko paused the movie and went to
her  mother's  dresser and retrieved an eight  in  vibrator.
She  turned it on and began to rub Tina's mound with it, the
vibrations driving Tina wild.  It wasn't long before she was
gyrating her hips and spreading her legs so that Naoko could
tease her more, and that she did.
     Naoko stopped and Tina groaned, "Uhh... Ohhhhh... why'd
you  stop??!!"  she asked between pants, her  eyes  pleading
with Naoko to continue her ministrations.
      "I want to see the rest of the movie!"  And picked  up
the  remote  and  started the flick up  again.   After  Tina
seemed to relax, she turned the vibrator on again and  began
to run it gently over Tina's nipples, breasts, mound and now
swollen and wet pussy lips.  She was driving Tina crazy.
      She  was gasping harshly, her breaths coming in ragged
pants,  "Na,  oooko... please... let me cum... don't..  oh..
mmmmmnnnnn, please... let me do it my... mmmm... self... let
me  be  your...  UNNGH!!  slay-have.... mmmmmnnnnn..."   And
Naoko  kept  it  up,  driving Tina  to  the  edge  and  then
stopping.
     Tina was now beyond watching the movie and begging, she
was  mewling  and crying, frustrated that Naoko was  driving
her  beyond  insane.  She would writhe and roll  around  the
bed,  her  wetness now dripping onto the bedspread,  leaving
wet spots where ever Naoko would hold her down to tease her.
      Naoko made Tina stand beside the bed.  She pulled over
a  chair  and  told  Tina to put her right  leg  up  on  it,
spreading her sopping wet pussy lips, giving Naoko access to
her  now  exposed clit.  Turning the vibrator on low,  Naoko
carefully applied the tip to Tina's clit.  Tina screamed out
loud,  "Oh god, Naoko... please... for, god's, sake, you're,
driving me....nnnnn.. uts!!"
      It  was all Naoko could do not to laugh at her  lover.
She  knew how badly Tina needed relief right now, she'd been
there  herself.  Her cousin had teased her for an hour,  and
it  seemed like an hour of hell, before she stopped  to  let
her beg for release, which she wasn't given for another hour
while she serviced her cousin.
     But, she couldn't bear to watch Tina suffer any longer.
She  turned off the vibrator and Tina dropped to  her  knees
before  her, tears sprang to her eyes, "Please oh please  oh
please lemme cum... I'll do anything, anything you ask me to
do, just please lemme cummmmm...."
      Naoko  smiled,  her father was right,  this  girl  was
easily broken, "Anything?"
     "Anything.  What do you want me to do?!"
      "Lick my feet."  Tina immediately dropped her head and
began  to lick Naoko's toes, gently running her tongue  over
and  between each toe, sucking each one between her lips  as
if  she  were  sucking tiny cocks, slowly  but  passionately
working  her way to the heel of first the right  foot,  then
the left.  Naoko giggled, it tickled her, but turned her  on
just the same.
      Tina  finished both feet and looked up at  Naoko,  her
face  was  hot scarlet.  "Don't stop there, keep  licking!!"
Tina  lowered her head and licked Naoko's ankles,  made  her
way  up the young girls shins to her soft knees, then up her
inner  thighs.  Naoko spread her legs to coax  Tina  on,  to
give her the release that her cousin wouldn't allow her, she
wanted Tina to lick her pussy.
      Her  licking slowed as she neared Naoko's dark  patch,
but  didn't stop.  She looked up at Naoko, awaiting her next
instruction,  excitement knotting her belly,  positive  that
her  next instruction was to lick Naoko's pussy.  She  could
smell  Naoko's musk, her nose inches from the girls  swollen
lips, she could see tiny drops of sweat on Naoko.
      She  smiled down at Tina, loving the anxiety  she  was
causing her.  Naoko lifted her legs, "Lick me," was all  she
said.   Tina's head dropped, her tongue gently  probing  her
lovers  pussy lips, the taste was exquisite.  Tina shivered,
her   senses  were  overwhelmed,  Naoko's  taste,  her   own
quivering excitement, her juices literally running down  the
inside  of  her legs was too much to bare, she felt  herself
begin to cum, but ate Naoko all the way.
     Naoko began to tremble uncontrollably, her hips bucking
wildly  making it hard for Tina to keep up her  actions,  so
Naoko  lifted her legs and wrapped them around Tina's  head,
holding  her girlfriends face hard against her cunt  as  she
bucked and screamed.
      Naoko  collapsed back onto the bed, panting, her  head
rolling  from  side  to  side.   Tina  stood  up,  her  body
trembling.  She had a couple of tiny orgasms, but she was is
desperate need of serious relief.  She tried to talk but was
too  excited,  taking  a deep breath to  calm  herself,  she
spoke, her voice very hoarse and shaky, "Naoko, please...  I
need you..."
      Naoko's  eyes  fluttered open, she looked  up  at  her
pathetic  begging  love slave.  She pulled  herself  up  and
stood,  grabbing Tina and throwing her down  onto  the  bed.
Naoko  pickup up the strap-on dildo and showed it  to  Tina.
"You can cum, but only if I can take your virginity."
      Tina  felt tears sting her eyes, she didn't care,  she
wanted  to fuck, she needed to fuck... her body hurt  to  be
abuse and taken... "fuck me... please Naoko... I... want  it
in me... I want you in me..."
     Naoko strapped the dildo on and picked up the vibrator.
She  got into a 69 position and placed the head of the dildo
against  Tina's  lips, "Suck my cock," she ordered.   Tina's
eyes  pleaded  with her, but Naoko's mind was  set.   Tina's
mouth  opened  and  Naoko shoved the  dildo  deep  into  her
throat, making her gag, but Naoko didn't let up.
     She would give Tina a break but then ram the dildo deep
into her throat, she could feel Tina's body convulse as  the
dildo stretched her throat.  Using the vibrator, Naoko would
edge between Tina's pussy lips and tease her, gently pushing
the  tip of the dildo into Tina's hole each time she  shoved
the  dildo  down her throat, Naoko had placed  her  hand  on
Tina's  belly  to  hold  her down so she  couldn't  buck  up
against the vibrator.
      Tina  was  groaning, her body trembling so  hard  that
Naoko was afraid she'd give her a heart attack if she didn't
let  her cum soon.  Getting off Tina, Naoko turned and  they
kissed wildly, their tongues dancing in each other's mouths,
Tina panting for Naoko to fuck her with the dildo, tears  of
frustration running down her cheeks.
      Naoko slid between Tina's legs and began to stick  the
dildo  in, Tina cried.  When Naoko had the head of the dildo
in,  she  stopped  and started to pull out,  Tina  shrieked,
"NO!!!   PLEASE DON'T STOP!!!!  Oh god I love  you  so  much
Naoko...  please  don't stop..." she was crying  in  earnest
now.
      Naoko smiled.  She had seen tapes that her father  had
of  tortures he's performed over the last few years.   Naoko
had  always wanted to do these things to another  girl,  and
now was her chance.  She realized, from reading her father's
notes, that she had driven Tina to the breaking point.   She
could literally make Tina crazy right now.
      She  was  ready to move to the next step, "Tina,  I'll
only  fuck  you if you'll do what ever I want, when  ever  I
want..."
      "OOOoooohhhh  GOD!!!  I'LL DO ANYTHING  FOR  YOU...  I
SWEAR,"  Tina finally broke down, she was crying and begging
Naoko  not to torture her any longer, "fuck me fuck me  fuck
me..." was all she whispered through her gasping breaths.
      Naoko  pulled  all the way out and  Tina  grunted  and
bucked her hips up to Naoko, who drove the dildo all the way
into   her.   Tina  wanted  to  scream  but  the  pain   was
incredible, but so were the orgasms she had, the combination
of  the  two was overpowering.  The room began to spin,  and
then  Naoko  began to fuck her, pumping the  large  strap-on
dildo  in  and out, Tina came again and again, Naoko  hardly
able to ride her body.
      Their bodies were covered with a slick sheen of sweat,
Tina's  nipples  were  hard and pointed,  Naoko  licked  and
sucked them as Tina grunted and jerked with one smashing cum
after  another.  Tina had stopped breathing, her face turned
crimson as her orgasms blew her away, she bucked and  humped
like  she never knew was possible, her body feeling like  it
was getting shocked.
      Finally  Naoko  began  to  slow,  waiting  until  Tina
finished  bucking  and humping, then  started  to  fuck  her
wildly again, Tina gasped, having just caught her breath  as
Naoko  brought  on  another powerful set of  orgasms.   Tina
wasn't  able  to hang on, the last thing she remembered  was
wrapping her legs around Naoko's waist to hold on, her  arms
aching  from being tied so tightly behind her.   There  were
too many feelings, her system was overloaded.
      The last thing Tina remembered was an earth shattering
orgasm, then she faded into darkness.












--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....