(c) Copyright 1996 Conure.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





        The attached story is Copyright 1995, Conure
   Please feel free to distribute this text file, in tact,
   where ever it is welcome.  Please do not distribute to
               minors, in the U.S. or abroad.
                      Thank you, Conure
                              
                         Disclaimer
                              
     The attached story contains sex between adults and
teenagers.  If this type of story offends you, please delete
                 it now and read no further.
                              
The names and situations in this story are purely fictional,
  and any resemblance to any person, living or dead, or any
     situatien portrayed below, is purely coincidental.




                       To Be Eighteen
                          By Conure
                              
                            Part 3

       The   next  day  at  school,  Tina  and  Naoko  spent
practically every moment together, discovering as much about
each  other as possible.  Naoko's parents were pleased, both
families  having gone through a trauma, something  good  had
finally come.
      It  was  a  cool  Saturday afternoon in  October,  the
weekend  before  Halloween, Tina was over at Naoko's  house.
All  they leaves had fallen from the trees, it was very gray
out and drizzling.  The two of them were playing together in
the  back  yard while raking leaves, Naoko's mother  warning
the two of them they'd catch cold if they stayed outside  in
their shorts and didn't put something on their feet.
      But,  they  paid no attention to her,  Naoko's  father
giggling  at  his wife's feeble attempts to  make  the  kids
listen  to her and put some clothes on.  He had brought  out
the  camcorder and was taping them from the upstairs  window
and  unbeknownst  to  them, he was  catching  all  of  their
actions on video.
      He watched on as Naoko grabbed Tina and threw her into
the  huge  pile of leaves in the mulch box, but Tina  had  a
good  hold  of  her  and pulled her in with  her.   The  two
wrestled in the pile of leaves, and for fear of losing  them
in the vibrant colors, he zoomed in closer.
      Their wrestling slowed, they seemed to be cuddling and
hugging now instead.  Tina now had Naoko pinned down,  their
fingers interlocked, Tina straddling Naoko's hips.  What  he
saw next made him gasp in surprise and zoom in closer.  Tina
lowered  her  head as Naoko lifted hers, and the  two  girls
lips  met.   He'd  seen  them cuddle  and  kiss,  but  never
anything  as  erotic  as this.  He felt  his  cock  jump  to
attention.
      He  taped as he watched his daughter lift her hips and
grind  herself against Tina.  The two giggled and  ran  from
the  pile  of leaves around the corner of the house  to  the
back  deck.  Naoko's mom was waiting there for them  with  a
broom.
      "You  two clean off before you come into this  house!"
The  two  girls broke into giggles again, Naoko dropping  to
her  knees  on  the deck and rubbed Tina's  legs,  carefully
massaging  her friends feet until all the grass  and  leaves
were off her, then stood and wiped her own legs off.
      The  two girls headed for the family room to lay on  a
blanket  in  front of the fire place to warm up, their  legs
and feet cool from the damp brisk weather outside.
      Naoko's dad stopped the tape and decided that  he  was
going to watch the girls closely, hoping to get some more on
tape,  he might even be able to get a few dollars for  video
of  girls  that  age fooling around!  Shrugging,  he  headed
downstairs to meet the girls in the living room.  They  were
all  chattering  as Naoko's mom brought in  some  hot  apple
cider for them to sip until dinner was ready.
      Naoko  pulled out some photos of her parents homeland.
Tina  studied them, fascinated.  She saw a beautiful  palace
in the background and asked what it was.
      Naoko's  father told them that he and  his  wife  were
servants  for  a very wealthy family, as were their  parents
before  them.  They were raised taught to do as this  family
desired.
     "It sounds so perfect, why'd you leave?" Tina asked.
      Naoko's  father's eyes filled, he explained  that  the
government said the wealthy family was against them, and the
house  was raided.  The family found out about the raid  and
sent  all of their servants any where they wanted to  go  in
the world to keep them safe.
      He  and  his wife decide to go to America, where  they
would marry and have children.  Naoko's mom giggled at  this
last comment and they went for dinner.
                              
                      Later that Night

      They  were in Naoko's room, laying on the plush carpet
reading a seventeen magazine when Tina looked over at Naoko.
Naoko  looked  up at her, "What?" Naoko asked, thinking  she
felt Tina's attraction to her.
      "Nothing,"  Tina said, and went back to the  magazine,
pointing something out before Naoko got a chance to ask  her
what  she  was  looking at again, not wanting to  admit  she
really wanted to kiss her.
      They talked for hours and then got into a disagreement
over  which actor was more handsome on Beverly Hills  90210.
Tina  found  she wasn't winning Naoko over so attacked  her,
ticking  her friends half shirt exposed midriff, her fingers
digging into her friends soft ribs.
      Naoko was dangerously ticklish and writhed around  the
floor, knowing it was useless to resist Tina, Naoko would do
anything to stop Tina from tickling her more.
      Naoko  tried  to jerk away, but Tina had  her  by  the
shirt.  Moving quickly, Naoko got half out of her shirt  but
Tina was still too fast.  Tina straddled her to hold her  in
place and tickled her all over her tummy and ribs, "So,  you
want  to  undress  to  make it easier for  me?"   she  said,
reaching  up  under  Naoko's shirt and  teasing  around  her
braless  breasts,  the giggling subsiding  as  Tina's  hands
eventually came to rest on Naoko's firm full breasts.
      Their  giggles  turned to panting breaths,  both  from
wrestling  around  the floor, groins grinding  together  and
getting excited.  Tina massaged Naoko's breasts as the  girl
relaxed  beneath her.  They had touched each  other  before,
and  even  slept  together once only in their  panties,  the
feeling was warm, safe,  and delightful!
      They  were interrupted by a knock at the bedroom door.
Tina  jumped off and Naoko fixed her shirt then  opened  it.
It  was Naoko's dad telling them good night and not to  make
to much noise!
      They  hung  out and talked until 12, when Naoko  said,
"Hey, lets get ready for bed, I got something I want to show
you."
      "What?   What  is  it?"  Tina asked,  excited  at  the
prospect of a surprise.
      "You'll see, I'll be right back.  Get changed."  Naoko
went  into the bathroom and closed the door.  Tina  shrugged
and  stripped, pulling on a pair of thong panties and  a  T-
shirt.   She  opened the closet and pulled out the  sleeping
bag that she uses when sleeping over and opened it up on the
floor, sitting on it Indian style while waiting for Naoko.
      The bathroom door opened and Naoko stuck her head out,
"Stand up and close your eyes," she said playfully.
     "Oh, come on..." Tina complained.
     "Just do it, Tina!!!"
      Tina  stood  and clamped her eyes shut,  "Okay,  their
closed."
     Naoko's stomach was full of butterflies at what she was
about  to  do.   She walked into the room and  stood  before
Tina,  dressed  only in a sheer red baby doll  nighty.   The
panties  were see through, showing her dark mound,  and  the
little  lacy  top  barely rested below her  full  grapefruit
sized breasts.  "Tina, do you trust me?"
      "Of  course  I  do!   That's a  stupid..."  She  never
finished  the sentence, Naoko placed her mouth over  Tina's,
her  tongue slipping between her lips.  Tina started to move
back  in  surprise, but when Naoko's warm hands touched  the
bare  sides  of her tummy, she melted and responded  to  the
kiss,  their tongues dancing back and forth in each  other's
mouths.
      Naoko broke the kiss and stepped back, her hands still
on Tina's sides, "I love you, Tina."
     Tina was quivering, her tummy felt a nervous excitement
that she never felt before.  Gasping for breath she said, "I
love  you,  too.  Wow," Tina said, feeling dizzy, "That's  a
great surprise, can I open my eyes now?"
      Naoko  stepped  back  until she was  four  feet  away,
placing  her hands behind her head and taking a deep breath,
"Okay, now you can open your eyes."
      Tina opened her eyes to see Naoko standing before  her
dressed in a shear baby-doll nighty.  She looked her up  and
down.   Tina's heart raced faster and faster as she took  in
every  detail  of Naoko, from her tiny perfect  feet,  small
ankles, up her long silky smooth legs.
      Tina's gaze stopped for a moment, her pussy soaking as
she  realized she was able to see the dark patch of  Naoko's
lightly tufted mound through the so called panties, and then
her  eyes roamed over the girls firm flat tummy to her  full
breasts  with their pointy pencil eraser nipples poking  the
flimsy material of the opaque top.  Tina's gaze came to rest
at Naoko's flush smiling face.
      Naoko was so pretty that Tina was speechless, the  two
looked  deeply  into each other's eyes.  It  was  Naoko  who
spoke first.  "Tina, I... I never did this before... I...  I
love  you.   I would do anything for you..." looking  around
nervously,  "anything at all... you are  my  best  friend...
and...  you...  make  me  feel good  about  being  me...  do
something for me?"
      Still speechless, awed by the beauty of the young girl
before  her, all Tina could muster was a hoarse and excited,
"What?"
      "Sleep  with me tonight," Naoko whispered,  her  voice
trembling.   Tina walked over to her and they  kissed,  this
time  both  of them breathless.  Their hands were  all  over
each  other's  bodies, touching and fondling,  Tina's  hands
roaming  to Naoko's firm breasts, her fingers gently pulling
and twisting the girls nipples.
     Naoko pulled Tina close and put her mouth to Tina's ear
and  panted, "Do things to me that we shouldn't  do..."  was
all she could get out before Tina kissed her, slowly running
her  tongue over Naoko's lips as she gently guided her  back
toward the bed and lay her down.
      Tina  lay  next to her, the two of them embracing  and
looking into each others eyes.  Naoko's hands were the first
to  roam,  touching any part of Tina that wasn't covered  by
her  scant bed-wear.  Before long, both lay on the bed doing
some  pretty heavy petting, and before long, Naoko was naked
and Tina's hands roamed her firm soft body.
      This  was  a  new experience for them both  and  since
neither  had  done anything with a boy, let  alone  a  GIRL,
their  actions were timid at the very least!   Tina's  hands
roamed  up  and down Naoko's legs.  She was enjoying  making
Naoko tremble as she would move closer to the girls mound.
     Getting the idea, Naoko rolled onto her back and spread
her  legs  to  hopefully encourage Tina  to  rub  her  inner
thighs.   But  Tina didn't, she lowered her had  and  sucked
Naoko's  nipple  into her mouth, carefully nibbling  on  the
young  girls nipple, switching from one breast to the other,
her free hand tugging the opposite breast.
      Naoko got bolder, reaching up and pulling Tina's shirt
over  her  head  to reveal her almost flat  chest.   Shy  at
first, Naoko reached up and touched Tina's tit.  Tina sighed
as  the  warm  hand began to squeeze and pull on  her  tits.
Tina felt her pussy begin to drip.
     Running her hand down her tummy, Tina's fingers came to
rest on the cleft of Naoko's pussy lips.  Naoko groaned, "Oh
Tina,   no...  don't...  uhhhh..  please..."   Naoko  panted
urgently  as  she ground her pussy into Tina's hand  showing
her desperation for Tina's touch.
      Tina  rubbed back, pushing her hand hard against Naoko
as the girl writhed beneath her.  Tina jumped.  She had been
so wrapped up in what she was doing to Naoko that she didn't
even  realize the girl had worked her hand down to  her  own
pussy.   Naoko  had pushed the silk of the  panties  between
Tina's lips and was massaging her down there.
      Tina jumped and jerked as Naoko's fingers worked their
way  under  her panties and awkwardly teased Tina's  swollen
clit.   Trying  to  think clearly, Tina worked  her  fingers
between Naoko's lips and found the girls clit.  From Naoko's
jerking  actions, she knew she was rubbing to hard at  first
so she slowed and the two gently stroked each other's clits.
      Lifting her head, Naoko kissed Tina.  The two of  them
picking  up the pace and they became more and more  excited.
Tina  was  the  first to cum, her body jerking  and  spasing
wildly,  her  fingers  losing control of  their  actions  on
Naoko's  clit, sending wild electric shocks up and down  the
beautiful little oriental girls spine.
      Tina  felt  her  pussy juices flow,  her  panties  and
Naoko's  hand were soaked.  Then, beneath her, Naoko  jerked
and  stopped breathing, her face krinckled up and turned red
as her back arched off the bed, the first orgasm of her life
making her want to scream out.
     Tina rubbed Naoko's clit harder, making the girl cum in
almost antagonistic convulsions.  Naoko tried to reach  down
to  get  Tina to ease up, but Tina was ahead of her, jerking
Naoko's  clit a little harder to make her hands lose control
so  she wasn't able to stop her, only easing up when Naoko's
hands would reach down and take fistfuls of the sheets.
      Naoko begged for Tina to stop, and not wanting to  get
the  girl mad at her, Tina slowed gradually, not wanting  to
bring Naoko crashing down from the incredible high she  just
obviously experienced.
     The two fell together on the bed panting wildly.  Naoko
managed to move down and pull Tina's panties off before they
held each other and fell fast asleep.
      Tina  woke  up in the middle of the night,  her  pussy
aching  to be satisfied again.  She moved up onto her knees,
her  legs  spread to the point that her rear was resting  on
the  mattress.  She carefully ran her fingers lightly up and
down  Naoko's  thighs.  She whined in her  sleep,  her  legs
betraying her sounds by opening wide.
      Tina smiled as Naoko's pussy lips swelled and began to
spread, allowing Tina easy access to her damp slit.   Moving
slowly,  Tina  slid  two fingers between  Naoko's  lips  and
gently  fondled her clit.  Naoko's hips began to gyrate  and
her eyes fluttered open.
     "Ohhhh... you're... an... animal... mmmmmnnnUH!"  Naoko
reached  out  and  began to finger Tina,  her  index  finger
coming dangerously close to sinking into Tina's wet steaming
hole.   The two came quickly, their orgasms driving them  to
the point of no return.  Naoko's father was outside the door
to hear their hushed passionate cries.
      Again  they  fell asleep.  They woke twice  more  that
night,  Tina  couldn't get enough.  She felt  like  a  dirty
fuckhound and wanted more, and Naoko didn't seem to mind.
      They  woke the next morning holding each other  tight,
grinding their mounds together and kissing.  It wasn't  long
before both of them were so hot they came from the friction.
They  giggled as they recovered, the two of them rolling  on
the bed becoming entwined in the sheet.
      "I  like you naked," Naoko stated, "I feel like  I..."
she blushed and looked away.
     "What?  Come on, tell me, Nay!!" Tina asked.
      "I...  well... feel like I have control over you  when
your not dressed!"  She said seriously.
      Tina's  smile faded.  It was then that Tina  realized,
she  actually liked being undressed for her, anyone for that
matter!!   She definitely wanted to explore more  of  this!!
They  kissed and then got out of bed, dressed in shirts from
Naoko's  dad's  closet  and padded barefoot  downstairs  for
breakfast.   Naoko's  mother announced she  and  Naoko  were
going away to see her aunt.  Naoko rolled her eyes but  said
nothing.  Both girls were disappointed, but Naoko agreed  to
call Tina as soon as she got home.












--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....