(c) Copyright 1996 Conure.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





        The attached story is Copyright 1995, Conure
   Please feel free to distribute this text file, in tact,
   where ever it is welcome.  Please do not distribute to
               minors, in the U.S. or abroad.
                      Thank you, Conure
                              
                         Disclaimer
                              
     The attached story contains sex between adults and
teenagers.  If this type of story offends you, please delete
                 it now and read no further.
                              
The names and situations in this story are purely fictional,
  and any resemblance to any person, living or dead, or any
     situatien portrayed below, is purely coincidental.




                       To Be Eighteen
                          By Conure
                              
                           Part 6

                     The next morning...
                              
      Tina  woke up with Naoko holding her from behind,  her
arms  still  tied  behind  her.  She shifted  uncomfortably,
squinting at the warm ache from between her legs.   She  lay
still, her mind wandering over the intoxicating feelings  of
the previous evening, a tear rolled down her cheek.
      She was startled when Naoko's finger brushed her face,
brushing  the  tear  away.   The two  girls  kissed.   Naoko
removed the dildo from herself and got on her knees in front
of  Tina.   Turning the dildo around, she placed it  at  her
opening  and pushed, slowly shoving it inch by inch  up  her
tight pussy.
      The  sight was making Tina hot, her girlfriend fucking
herself  with  the  very dildo that took her  virginity  the
night  before.  Naoko had pushed half of the  fake  cock  up
into  her, it was so big that once it was 3/4 of the way  in
you  could  see it press against her belly from the  inside.
Tina  wished her hands were free so she could feel  it  from
the outside.
      Now  Naoko shoved the last of it in and began to  fuck
herself  with the artificial phallus, groaning and grinding,
goosebumps  raising  all  over her  body.   Naoko's  actions
became  more  and  more frenzied as she neared  orgasm,  her
hushed moans driving Tina wild, her juices were running down
the  crack  of  her ass, her hips gyrating,  imagining  that
Naoko was pounding her pussy again.
      Naoko  came  in a loud shuttering orgasm, pulling  the
dildo  out  and  placing it in Tina's  mouth  when  she  was
finished,  "Clean  it."  Tina shivered  with  excitement  as
Naoko  plunged  the dildo deep into her throat,  making  her
feel  as  if she was going to gag, but pulling it  out  just
enough to prevent it.
      When  Naoko  was satisfied the dildo  was  clean,  she
turned  around  and straddled Tina's face, "Eat  me,  Tina."
And  Tina  did.  She hurt because her arms were still  tied,
but she was too horny to care right now.
      Tina  licked and moved to tongue towards Naoko's hole,
driving  the  small  oriental girl wild,  but  when  Naoko's
blazing hot tongue made contact with Tina's clit, she  began
to  come  instantly!!  They brought each other  off  several
times  before  collapsing together on the bed,  gasping  and
panting!
     They snuggled together in bed for a while, then headed
off to the shower together.  Naoko teased Tina, using the
bar of soap and slowly stroking up and down her thighs,
driving the pretty little blond insane.  Tina was moaning,
needing to cum.  Naoko stopped and Tina's body jerked as if
shocked, "Not right now, Tina.  We're going to have some fun
today."
     The two embraced, Tina grinding her crotch against
Naoko's bare hip.  Naoko giggled as she pushed Tina away,
"Later... come on," she said, struggling to get Tina back
off her, "Let's get dressed and eat."
     Tina followed Naoko back to the bedroom, where Naoko
gave her a short dress to wear, no panties.  Tina trembled
when she looked at herself in the mirror, the short dress
making her legs look a mile long, the outfit was so short
she was positive that when she sat down her bare ass would
touch the furniture!!!
     Naoko gave her a pair of white tennis shoes to slip on.
She watched as Naoko slipped into a pair of bikini panties,
skin tight bluejeans (Which she rolled the pantlegs up a
couple inches) and a loose fitting off-the-shoulder sweater
that buttoned in the back, deciding to skip a bra.  They
walked downstairs together and ate waffles for breakfast.
     Naoko's dad came downstairs a short while later,
greeting both the girls.  "You kids interested in playing
today?"  Naoko blushed, knowing that playing with her father
was fun, but wasn't sure if she was ready for it in front of
Tina, or for that matter, if Tina herself was ready for it.
     Tina saw Naoko's reaction and got curious, "What do you
mean, playing?"  She figured it must be good by the way that
Naoko gulped after she asked the question.
     "Well, it's simple, we go out and do things like that
day I drove you home."
     Tina felt tingly inside, she looked over at Naoko who
was staring at the floor, her face crimson.  Tina decided to
go for it, "It's okay with me if you want to, Nao."
     Naoko looked up at her, her face torn with confusion.
"Maybe you need to convince Naoko, Tina.  Come here."  Tina
stood and walked over to Naoko's dad, stopping in front of
him.  Turn around, face your girlfriend.  Tina did.  He
reached out and motioned for her to spread her legs apart,
which she did.  She gasped when she felt his hand begin to
stroke the insides of her legs.  Tina was already panting
and getting wet.  As his hand moved up to her thighs she
began to tremble.
     "Naoko," Tina said in a quivering voice, "Please come
play?" she asked, almost urgent.  Naoko smiled, her face
still crimson, but now from excitement.
     Naoko walked up to Tina and put her arms around her
waist, "Tina, he might hurt you..."
     "No, tell her the truth.  I will hurt you, you'll feel
pleasure in new ways today."
     Tina swallowed with a gulp, her head now resting on
Naoko's shoulder, "I don't care... I love you Naoko and I'll
do anything to prove it to you."  The two hugged and
nuzzled, Naoko's dad slowing his motions on Tina's legs.
She sighed when he stopped.
     "Tina, go upstairs and get some clothes on, Naoko, you
know what to dress her in."
     Naoko took Tina's hand and led her back upstairs.  Tina
stripped and Naoko pulled out some clothes.  "I hope they
fit okay," she said as she handed Tina a pair of stretch
denim pants.  While Tina slipped on the panties and skin-
tight pants, Naoko rummaged through her drawers for a shirt,
just the right shirt.
     Not finding what she was looking for, wondered over to
the closet and pulled out a boys button down dress shirt.
Tina put on her bra and then the shirt, leaving the top two
buttons undone.  Naoko walked back to her, handing her a
pair of Ked high-tops.  Tina was getting more and more
excited by the minute, the anticipation of what was to
happen becoming overwhelming!!!
     They wondered back downstairs, the two of them holding
hands.  Naoko's dad told Naoko to take Tina down to the
basement, where Naoko herself was to strip naked and wait
for him.
     The two went downstairs.  The basement was beautiful.
There was very soft plush carpeting on the floor, and many
many cabinets.  Naoko stripped and walked over to a door and
opened it.  "Come on, Tina.  This is where we wait."
     The room had no furniture.  It was dim and very cold.
The floor was unfinished, covered with sharp gravel, broken
sea-shells and glass that made a frequent barefooter like
Naoko grimace in discomfort.
     Naoko moved to the center of the room and stood with
her hands behind her back, her legs spread wide.  Tina was
getting more and more excited as she watched Naoko's bare
breasts rise and fall with nervous anticipation.
     Tina sat down on the floor, her back against the wall,
but didn't stay there long because the sharp gravel floor
poked through the jeans, making her rear prickly.  She
couldn't imagine how Naoko had managed to walk across the
floor barefoot.
     She watched amused as Naoko's body became covered with
goosebumps, the girl trying her hardest not to shiver in the
cold room, her nipples standing tall.  Tina was sure she saw
Naoko shiver when her father entered the room.  He was
dressed in jeans, boots and flannel shirt.  He walked over
to Tina, "You will not interfere, if you do, you will be
punished along with her, do you understand?"
     Tina nodded, shivering as the chill of the room began
to work it's way into her body.  He moved over to Naoko and
stood in front of her, "Hands."  Naoko placed her hands out
in front of her, palm down.  Onkyo place a set of padded
leather cuffs around Naoko's wrists, then connected them to
a chain that hung from a beam in the ceiling.
     He then knelt down and placed matching leather cuffs
around Naoko's ankles, connecting a long rod to the cuffs,
spreading Naoko's legs wide, forcing her to balance on the
balls of her feet, that is until Onkyo raised the chain
until Naoko's toes barley touched the harsh floor.  Onkyo
returned to the closet and brought out a set of clips.  He
attached them to Naoko's nipples.  The girl whimpered and
trembled, her head dropped back, her eyes closed, "Oh
daddy," she whispered, "please... ohhhhhhh..."
     Tina felt her pussy getting wet.  Onkyo lightly smacked
Naoko's tits making her scream out in pain, "Oh daddy oh
daddy please stop... ouch... OUCH!!!  OUCH!!!  OOOOOOHHHH
PLEASE... PAIN!!!!"  Onkyo did stop, only to retrieve a
penis gag from the closet, her forced it into Naoko's mouth,
and she took it, her body retching, tears running down her
cheeks as she swallowed trying to calm her gag reflex.
     Naoko's body tensed and arched again and again,
eventually calming, her throat adjusting to the rubber
phallus.  Onkyo went back to the closet and rummaged around,
Naoko was thrashing against her bonds, her nostrils flaring
as she tried to calm down, but when her father returned with
a small bottle, she began to freak.  Tina couldn't imagine
whey Naoko would react in a panic at this little bottle.
     Onkyo pulled out the little eye dropped and place a
drop in each of Naoko's eyes, the girl let a scream loose
that penetrated the gag that should have alerted the
neighborhood that she was being tortured, and from the
sounds of it, to her death!!!  Tina began to feel
apprehensive about this play.  She stood, scared, "Don't
worry, Tina.  I wanted Naoko's torture to be especially fun
today.  I know that one of the things she really hates is
not being able to see.  These drops are a very strong
chemical.  Right now her eyes feels as if they are burning
out of her head, and in a few moments she will be blind,
only able to see faint shapes."
     Tina began to cry, scared for Naoko.  "Don't worry
little one, she'll only be that way for seven or eight
hours."  Naoko's screams eventually subsided to sobs of
fear, her body slouched against the restraints.
     Tina trembled as he pulled out a black leather belt and
put it around Naoko's waist.  He pulled out a long wooden
paddle and began to whack Naoko's ass viciously with it.  It
was more than Tina could stand.
     She jumped up and ran over and dropped to her knees
before Onkyo, "Please, I do anything... don't hurt her any
more," to show she meant it, she pulled her shirt off,
allowing him a full view of her naked torso, "Please." she
was crying in full now, fear gripping her gut as she
realized she didn't know what she was getting into.
     "Strip," was all he said.  She stood naked before him,
shifting her weight from foot to foot, which didn't help.
The floor was so sharp you couldn't avoid it.  "Get down and
please her.  Once she cums, your punishment will begin."
     He watched as Tina crouched down and licked Naoko's
pussy lips, her tongue working it ways into the beautiful
girls pussy.  Tina felt some satisfaction as she heard and
felt Naoko's body respond to her actions.  The restrained
girls nostrils flaired as she neared orgasm, her body
jerking and spasing, her chest rising and falling with the
short ragged breaths of air she was able to get through her
nose past the gag.
     Tina knew Naoko was about to cum, she reached around
and began to play with the girls asshole, Naoko jerked,
jerked again, and her body began to quiver with orgasm.  It
was just then that Onkyo pushed Tina away, she heard Naoko's
muffled cry of frustration as Onkyo inserted a dildo into
her pussy and ass.
     When he turned them on Naoko jumped as if she had been
jolted with electricity.  Both vibrators had rotating heads
which Onkyo set just low enough to keep Naoko wildly
writhing at the very edge of orgasm.
     Tina jumped up, "WHY DID YOU DO THAT TO HER!!!!  THAT'S
NOT FAIR!!!!"  She was surprised to hear the anger in her
own voice, and judging by the look on Onkyo face, he was
very unhappy.  He grabbed her by the hair and literally
dragged her from the room.
     He took her into his study and pushed her to the floor,
"Hands and knees!"  She did as he ordered.  He walked around
behind her and jumped when his hand slipped between her
legs, she was amazed at her own wetness.  He fondled her for
a while, just as she was getting into it, he stopped.  She
tried to catch her breath knowing it was only the beginning
of her teasing.
     He threw some clothes onto the floor, "Put that on and
meet me in the garage."  Tina picked up the clothes and
realized that it was a pleated skirt just like cheerleaders
wear.  She pulled it up her slender legs and realized that
if she moved the wrong way her ass and pussy were there for
all to see because she had no panties!!!  She got wetter!
     She picked up the sweater top and pulled it on, she
felt naked.  There were no shoulders in the sweater, and it
only covered to the bottom of her rib cage, but there were
long sleeves, she looked at herself in the mirror and took a
deep breath, once again trying to calm her panting spell.
     She padded barefoot to the garage where Onkyo gave her
a pair of ankle socks and saddle shoes to put on.  He the
pointed to the car.
     She got in and shivered as the skirt pulled up and her
bare ass touched the leather seats of the car.  He started
the car and pulled out of the garage, the door automatically
closing behind them sealing Naoko to hours of pre-orgasmic
torture.
     He turned down onto route 211 and headed towards the
new Gallaria mall.  He reached over and parted Tina's legs,
his fingers roaming over her hot and sweaty nethers.  "Open
the glove box, Tina."  She did.  Inside was a large plastic
vibrator.
     Onkyo pulled it out and switched it on, then, placing
the tapered head between Tina's legs, began to run it over
her swollen pussy lips.  The whirring of the device drove
Tina wild.  The loud vibrations were just enough to tease
her clit through her puffy damp lips.
     "ohhhhhhhhhh... ohhhhhhh... oohhhhhhhnnnmmmmmm..." was
all she could utter, jerking her hips wildly against his
ministrations.  He stopped his teasing, Tina grabbed his
writs to coax him not to stop, but it didn't matter.  He
concentrated on the mall traffic, eventually pulling into a
spot and shutting off the car.  He got out, walked around
the car and opened the passenger door, "Tina, you can back
out now if you don't want to go any further."
     Tina considered it briefly, knowing that she was too
excited to back out now.  She got out of the car, the cold
air rushing under her skirt.  She felt her juices running
down her legs.  He closed the door and reached under her
skirt, his fingers slipping easily between her sopping lips.
     She felt her juices run down the inside of her legs as
he brought her to a small, teasing orgasm right there in the
parking lot.  She had to lean against the car to take the
weight off her trembling knees and bite her lip hard to
remind herself not to cry out, noting that other's in the
parking would really enjoy a show like this!!
     He took her hand and led her into the mall.  She was
trembling all over, not knowing what he was going to do to
her here.  He led her towards the arcade and looked as
though he were looking for someone in particular.  He
whispered into her ear, "There is a young man back there,
see him?  Blonde hair, wearing the shorts?"
     She knew exactly who he meant, the boy was 15 at the
most, cute.  He was wearing shorts, unusual this time of
year since it was so cold out.  The boy worked the video
game, unaware that his slender frame and hairless young legs
were being watched.  She nodded.
     "Good, I want you to get him into the back stairwell
and give him a blow job, don't swallow it unless I tell you
to, do you understand?  And no matter what happens, I am
your father.  Understand?"
     She looked at him in disbelief.  How many times had he
made Naoko do this very thing?!?!?  Did Naoko like it?  What
did her father do with her?!?!  Tina finally tore her eyes
away from Onkyo and looked back to the boy in the arcade.
She started when Onkyo pushed her and walked away.
     Tina walked into the arcade and made her way over to
the boy.  She saw the swell in the boys shorts when she
started to talk with him.  She moved close to him as he
played the game and took his hand, placing it under her
skirt.  She trembled as his novice hands played with her
pussy.  He stared at her in disbelief.  She leaned close to
him and whispered, "Come on, lets go someplace quiet."
     The boy nodded, unable to utter a word.  On the walk to
the stairwell, she found out his name was Garret and he was
15.  Just what Onkyo wanted.  Once they got behind the
closed door of the staircase, Tina pulled off her shirt and
began undressing the boy.  She pulled his shirt off and ran
her hands down his young hairless chest, her hands slipping
past his shorts as she dropped to her knees and undid his
boots, lifting his legs one at a time to pull off the boots
and then his socks.
     She was panting by the time she pulled the young boys
shorts and underwear off to expose his silky smooth and
throbbing young cock.  She looked up into his wide eyes as
he stood there naked in the hall, "Can I suck you?"
     Garret nodded, groaning as she slipped his smooth penis
into her moist mouth and began to suck.  She closed her eyes
and grabbed his buttocks as she fucked her mouth with his
dick, getting more and more excited as the boy moved closer
to dumping his load.
     She almost choked as the first spurt came.  She almost
swallowed but then remembered Onkyo orders and held it in
her mouth, her cheeks puffing out as his jizz filled her
mouth.  Her pussy was aching for attention, but she didn't
do anything to relieve herself, also Onkyo's orders.
     She heard the boy gasp and opened her eyes to see Onkyo
watching them.  She felt her cheeks flush hotly and the boy
began to freak, "Uhh.... mmm, oh god.. please don't tell
mister..."
     "What the hell are you doing to my daughter?!?!?" Onkyo
asked.  The boy grabbed for his clothes but Onkyo stopped
him, "Get your back against the wall and put your hands on
your head."
     The boy started to cry, and Naoko felt bad for him.
The kid flinched and closed his eyes tightly when Onkyo
grabbed his semi-flaccid cock and started to fondle it.  But
after a few seconds, his hips gave away his true feelings.
Tina began to get uncomfortable, the sperm in her mouth
making her tongue tingle.
     Onkyo got the boy excited again.  He grabbed the kid by
his long hair and yanked him from the wall, "Fuck her, I
want your cum to run out her pussy."  Now it was Tina's turn
to be uncomfortable.  Onkyo made her strip and bend over.
The boy moved behind her and his cock slipped easily into
her sopping slit.
     Thank god he wasn't as large as Naoko's dildo for he
was very rough with her.  Garret slammed her with no
affection, his cock shoving and pulling at her insides like
a plunger in a dirty toilet.  Tina began to cry, unable to
help the feeling that she was being raped.
     She wasn't even close to cumming when she felt the boy
tighten and swell as he dumped his broiling cum into her
body.  She dropped to her knees and cried as the boy
dressed.  She couldn't bare to look at him, she lay there
humiliated and feeling robbed, her mouth still full of the
boys jizz.
     Onkyo dressed her and led her from the mall.  When they
got into the car, she began to get hot again.  Onkyo slipped
one of the gyrating dildo's into her pussy and she was
moaning for him to let her cum (her mouth still full of
cum).
     He pulled into the garage and got her out of the car.
He stripped her and fucked her bent over the hood of the
car, she panted and grunted as he brought her closer yet to
cumming.  She was having a hard time breathing, her mouth
still full of cum.
     He led her down to the torture room where Naoko hung
exhausted from the treacherous teasing of her devices.
Onkyo untied her, letting her fall to the harsh floor of the
room.  The girl shrieked as he pulled out the vibrators, the
floor nothing to her bodies present rush.
     He walked over to Tina, "Give her the cum, then 69
her."
     Tina walked over and opened her mouth of Naoko's
waiting.  The girls lips were warm and soft, she pushed her
tongue into Tina's mouth to get more of the jizz.  Onkyo had
to walk over to get the two girls to 69, they were so lost
in their passionate kissing.
     Naoko came, her hips grinding against he harsh floor.
She loved to lick jizz out of Tina's pussy, it was great.
The two girls tongue fucked until they were both exhausted.


     Later that afternoon, the two of them stood before a
mirror as Naoko's mom applied alcohol to their bleeding cuts
and scrapes from the floor of the room.  Once she finished,
she produced a bowl and shoved both girls pussies, taking
special care to be sure they were baby smooth.

     The two girls made love all day long, anywhere in the
house that Onkyo, his wife, or the girls desired.












--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
