(c) Copyright 1996 Conure.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




        The attached story is Copyright 1995, Conure
   Please feel free to distribute this text file, in tact,
   where ever it is welcome.  Please do not distribute to
               minors, in the U.S. or abroad.
                      Thank you, Conure
                              
                         Disclaimer
                              
     The attached story contains sex between adults and
teenagers.  If this type of story offends you, please delete
                 it now and read no further.
                              
The names and situations in this story are purely fictional,
  and any resemblance to any person, living or dead, or any
     situatien portrayed below, is purely coincidental.




                       To Be Eighteen
                          By Conure
                              
                           Part 2


      One  night her father had been out drinking.  He never
drank,  but that day he had gotten a wonderful promotion  at
work  and  went  out with the guys to celebrate,  and,  sure
enough  left  the  party  feeling a little  better  than  he
thought.
      He  was speeding through town and hit a man who ran  a
red  light, the bigger of the two girls in the hall  father.
There  were  lots  of witness' around, thank  god,  but  her
father was still charged with DWI.  So now this chick, Kathy
felt she owned Naoko for taking her father away from her.
      Naoko broke down into tears, "I wish it were my father
who  died...  I  wouldn't hurt any one because  of  that..."
Tina  felt terrible for Naoko, "Tina, you can't believe what
they've  done to me.  They take my clothes, money,  beat  me
up.   One  day  they pulled my panties down  after  gym  and
rubbed Neat on me, it's humiliating."  Now Naoko was all out
sobbing.   Without  hesitating, Tina got on  her  knees  and
moved  over  next  to  her, draped  her  arms  over  Naoko's
shoulders and kissed her on the forehead, holding her tight.
Naoko  hugged  her back fiercely.  "Tina,  I've  never  told
anyone  this before, please don't hate me... your  the  only
friend I have... I..."
      Tina managed a pretty smile and put her finger against
Naoko's  soft full lips, "You don't have to worry about  it,
you're safe with me.  Friends?"
      Naoko's eyes filled with fresh tears and they  hugged,
"Friends," Naoko whispered into Tina's ear.  The two  stayed
that  way  for quite some time, Tina's nipples hardening  as
Naoko's hot tears rolled onto her bare shoulder.
      Feeling as if she had known Naoko for a long time, she
decided  to  sit back and tell her story.  Tina leaned  back
against  the tree and kicked off her sneakers.   She  pulled
her knees up to her chest, unconsciously giving Naoko a view
of her swollen pussy lips, and told her story:
      The  nightmare  started for Tina two weeks  after  she
turned  fourteen, four years ago.  Her father had come  home
from work, drunk as always.  He was crazed.  Tina's mom  had
took $30 out of the cookie jar to buy some food for them for
the  week.  Her dad went nuts, he grabbed her and began  to
beat her face.
      Tina  stood and watched, horrified like a  deer  in  a
car's  headlights, as her dad pelted her in the  face  again
and  again.   She screamed out, "DADDY NO!!!   Your  hurting
her!!"   Well, it got what she wanted, almost.   He  dropped
her mom to the floor and came after her.
      Tina's  mom  watched from the floor as  the  wild  man
grabbed her daughter and dragged her down the basement steps
as  ripped the clothes off her tiny lithe body.  Tina fought
him  but  he was far too strong for her.  He threw her  hard
onto  the  floor of the cellar and walked over to  a  closet
which he opened and retrieved a thin rod.
      Walking back over to Tina, he welted her body with the
rod.  She screamed and shuddered with pain each time the rod
bit  her skin, leaving tall purple welts criss-crossing  her
white  flesh.  She screamed in agony and tried to block  the
hurtful blows with her arms.
      He  quickly tired of this and tied her hands together,
then,  throwing  the  rope over a  support  beam,  hung  her
upright.   Only the balls of her bare feet touched the  cold
and dirty floor.  He continued to whip her exposed teen body
until she lost consciousness, 25 minutes later.
      Grabbing the girl by her short hair, he cut  the  rope
and  dragged her back up the steps and dropped her  next  to
her  semi-concious and swollen mother.  He screamed  at  the
two of them as they drifted in and out of consciousness.  He
told  them he was going and that they were shit without him.
They  saw him pack his things and heard the front door  slam
closed.
     He was gone, making sure to take the last little bit of
cash  from the cookie jar, and left Tina and her  mom.   The
two lay together on the floor and cried for what seemed like
hours.   He finally left them.  They had no money,  car,  or
food.   Not  that  they had any money  to  begin  with,  his
fishing  and  drinking was always more  important  than  his
family.
     Tina's body was in shock.  Her mom stood up, but Tina's
body was too badly beaten to stand.  All her energy had been
expended during her abusive beating.  Jennifer (Tina's  mom)
picked her naked daughter up and shakily carried her up  the
steps  and lay her in the tub.  She turned on the hot  water
and walked over to the sink to clean her face up.
      By  the time she was finished, the tub was full.  Jenn
washed  her  daughters entire firm body, gently rubbing  her
hurtful  spots.  Tina came to after about an hour.  Her  mom
helped  her  out of the tub and dried her off,  helping  her
into  her  bed.   Tina stood naked before  the  full  length
mirror  and thanked god the item he whipped her with  didn't
leave  marks  for more than three days.  Her body  hurt  for
much longer.
     Tina was happy she had her mother.  She was kind to her
and  they  built  an  incredibly strong  relationship,  both
feeding off one another.  Her mother had to go out and  find
a job, determined that her daughter was not going to work to
support them while she was in school.  But being a woman  in
her late forties with no high school education or skills, it
was  tough going, sometimes working two jobs and 10 hours  a
day or more.
     Now, two years later, Tina was sure their luck couldn't
get   any   better.   Tina  and  her  mother  had  built   a
relationship that made other jealous to say the very  least.
Her  mom got a job with a very rich man in the city, he paid
her well but she had to do strange things, well, things that
turned Tina on (which of course she didn't admit to Naoko).
      But what upset Tina was her mother was going through a
sexual  revolution.  She couldn't get enough.  Even  at  32,
Tina's  mom had a body that made 22 year old girls  goggle!!
She was very beautiful and didn't have an inch of fat on her
anyplace.   Her body is just a firm now as it was  10  years
ago.
      There  were always strange men (and women, which  Tina
also  left out) at the house.  Her mother had her run around
in  her  bikini,  if she was lucky to wear that  much.   The
latest  outfit  her mother makes her wear is a  silk  cloth.
It's 8 feet long with a hole cut in the middle, for her head
to go through.  It's only 9 inches wide and has no sides, it
shows her bareness underneath.
      Last  week her mother sat nude with her in that outfit
and a strange man took photos of them sitting together.   He
even  had her mom put her hands under the cloth.  Tina  felt
her  breath  quicken as she told about it,  not  aware  that
Naoko was also turned on by the thought.
     Naoko had moved over next to her and put her arm around
Tina's  shoulders, her hands pushing the straps of the  tank
top off Tina's shoulders and massaging her bare shoulders to
comfort her as she told her story, tears streaking down  her
face.  Naoko held her while she talked.  When Tina finished,
she couldn't look Naoko in the eye.
      Naoko  gently pushed Tina's face up by her chin  until
Tina  finally  gave in and looked at her.  The  two  watched
each others eyes and smiled.  They stood together and walked
to Naoko's home.
      Tina  had never really notice the beautiful  homes  of
Randall  Heights.   As the two walked, Tina  was  sure  that
Naoko  must  live  on  the other side of this  neighborhood,
until she stopped in front of a huge modern home.
     Tina gasped and stared at the structure wide eyed.  The
place was gigantic!!  It looked like one of those homes that
you  find along the beach in Ocean City!!  Naoko giggled  at
Tina's reaction and took her hand to lead her to the house.
     They entered the house, "Take off your shoes, okay?  My
moms  a  stickler  for the floors."  They kicked  off  their
shoes  and Naoko held out her hand.  Tina looked at  Naoko's
outstretched hand, then at the pretty Japanese girls smiling
face.  She took her hand and Naoko led her though the house.
      Tina was in awe.  The place was beautiful.  They ended
in  a  large  bed  room.  It was larger than  Tina's  living
room!!!   The walls were painted a light pink with  hundreds
of  butterflies on the wall.  There was a desk for her to do
her  personal things at and a queen size canopy bed  on  the
far wall, with of coarse, white lace all around it.
      Tina  turned  to Naoko, who was standing  behind  her,
"This is amazing!!!"
      Naoko giggled, "Uh-uh.  This is amazing," she said  as
she took Tina's hand and led her to a door in the corner  of
the  room.   She opened it to reveal the huge bathroom  with
step in whirlpool tub.
     "This is yours?" Tina asked incredulously.
     "No, silly.  This is the guest bathroom, it connects to
my room, a shortcut," she giggled, "It's great, isn't it?"
      Tina  could  only  nod.  She looked around  the  room,
spellbound.  There was a wall that was at least 12 feet wide
that was a floor to ceiling mirror.  Naoko stood beside Tina
as they studied each others bodies in the mirror.
      Naoko  began to undress as Tina watched on  nervously.
"I  should  get your clothes off so you can take  them  home
with  you,"  she  said as she stood naked  by  Tina's  side.
Locking eyes with Tina in the mirror, "I like when you  look
at me."
      As  Naoko made her statement, Tina realized that there
was  a  huge wet spot on her shorts!!  The girl was  excited
looking  at her nakedness!!!  She was sopping!  Tina blushed
and  looked away.  "C'mon, let's go back to my room."   They
walked  out together, leaving the clothes in a pile  on  the
bathroom floor.  Naoko went to her dresser and pulled on  an
oversized T-shirt (that was slit up the sides to reveal  her
slender hips) and sitting down on the bed, pulled on a  pair
of  gray wool socks, the slits of the nightshirt opening  to
give Tina a shadowed view of Naoko's nethers.
      Tina  sat down on the floor, pulling her knees to  her
chest.  Her shorts slid between her pussy lips, it felt good
when  she  moved her legs apart a little bit, not  realizing
that her shorts slid far enough into her slit to expose  her
pussy to Naoko, who was almost panting with excitement.
      That chattered and giggled, played a couple games  and
then  they heard the front door, Naoko's parents came  home.
"I better get going now," Tina said, standing and fixing her
shorts.
      Getting up off the floor, Naoko said, "C'mon, meet  my
parents before you go home."  Naoko led Tina back downstairs
to  the  kitchen where Naoko's mom was hard a work preparing
dinner.
      "Oh!!   Hello Darling," she said, gracefully  floating
across  the  kitchen floor to swoop up her daughter  in  her
arms  and kiss her, "And who is this?" she asked, her  voice
wonderfully friendly and inviting.
      Naoko,  blushing  from  her  mom's  apparent  show  of
affection, "This is my friend Tina.  Tina, this is  my  mom,
Miko."
      Tina nodded, "Hi, nice to meet you."  And that's  when
the  fun began.  Naoko's mom was a hysterically funny woman,
running  around  from  here to there, dropping  things,  but
moving gracefully.  A real panic.  Tina very rapidly learned
where Naoko got her cute and charming personality from!!
     "Mommy, where's daddy?"
     "He's in his den, honey.  Why don't you take Tina in to
meet  him,  I'm sure he'd love to meet her!"  The two  girls
giggled  as Naoko led her down the corridor to a oak sliding
door.  She held her index finger over Tina's lips to prevent
her  from giggle and knocked on the heavy door.  The  knocks
resounded inside, sounding like a dungeon!!
     A very deep "Yes," comes from inside.
     "Daddy, it's me," Naoko said softly, "I have a friend I
want you to meet."
      "Oh!!  Come in then!!!"  Naoko grabbed the brass  ring
on  the  door and slid it open to reveal a huge  dark  room.
Tina  liked the sound of his voice and couldn't wait to  see
the man that it belonged to.
     "Daddy, this is Tina, she's my friend from school."
      "Hello  Tina.   My name is Onkyo!"  He  said  happily,
"Come around, come around," he said, motioning the girls  to
the  other  side  of  the desk.  Tina couldn't  believe  the
carpeting.  It was so soft and plush her bare feet felt like
the were walking on air.
      As  they round the desk, Onkyo looks Tina up and down,
making her very away of how close to naked she really  is!!!
She  feels  very  conscious and shifts from  foot  to  foot,
slightly excited by him seeing her like this.  Onkyo  smiled
to  himself, this little one was very pretty, and  from  the
looks  in  his daughters eyes, "She really likes this  one,
and I can see why!!" he thought to himself.
      He  was amazed that her young body was turning him  on
so,  his cock getting hard just looking at her.  He  had  to
know if she liked his daughter, he needed to know more about
this young beauty.  "You are very beautiful, Tina," he said,
reaching  out and stroking her cheek.  Then, he looked  over
at  Naoko,  "You should have invited this one over  sooner,"
then  his  expression changed, he looked Naoko up and  down,
then looked at Tina.  There was an exchange between the  two
of them in Japanese, or at least that's what Tina thought it
sounded like.
      Naoko  answered  him,  her voice  taking  on  a  soft,
submissive tone.  His expression turned hard and then  there
was  a  harsh bark of orders, Tina couldn't understand,  but
she  jumped  at  his response to whatever  Naoko  had  said.
Naoko looked at the floor, her eyes shifting nervously  then
excused  herself, "Tina, I'll be back in a  minute.   Excuse
me, please."
      Tina  looked at her concerned, but she wouldn't  raise
her  eyes  from the floor.  As suddenly as Naoko  was  gone,
Tina was distracted by Onkyo's lulling voice.
      "I  apologize.   I did not mean to alarm  you."   Tina
started to shake her head, but Onkyo takes her hand in  his,
palm  up,  using his free hand, he begins to rub  her  palm.
Tina  suddenly feels very warm and relaxed, "You feel better
now Tina?" he asked.
      All she could do was nod, "Good girl, I just want  you
to  relax."   His massaging hand moved gently  up  her  arm,
Tina's  body  became almost totally limp.  She stood  before
him, dazed.  "Tina, I'm going to ask you some questions  and
you're not going to remember them, understood?"
     "Yes," she said quietly, looking past him at the wall.
     "Good girl.  Are you in love with my daughter?"
     Hesitation, then, "Yes."
      He smiled, "Are you a virgin?"  A nod.  "Have you ever
done  anything with a boy or girl?"  She shook her head  no.
"Do you like to be naked in front of people?"  She shrugged,
"I  guess you've never been naked for fun then."  Tina shook
her head no.  "Why not?"
     "Never had a chance, scared."
      He  nodded.   "You don't ever have to be scared  here.
You  can  get  naked when ever you want.   It  would  really
please  Naoko,  and I'm sure it would make you  very  horny,
wouldn't  it."   Tina nodded.  "Are you  excited  right  now
Tina?"   She  nodded again, "Is it because  you  are  barely
dressed  in  front of me?"  A nod.  "Good.   Have  you  ever
masturbated?"   She blushes and shakes her  head  no.   "How
come?"
     "Afraid of what people would think..."
     "You don't ever need to be afraid.  We like it if you'd
do  that here.  Does the idea of touching yourself make  you
excited?" he asked her, noting the wet spot spreading in the
crotch  of  her  shorts.  She nodded  again,  her  cheeks  a
burning crimson.  "Good girl.  Feel free to do whatever  you
want  sexually, it makes you feel *very* good, kind of  like
this,"  he placed a hand on the inside of Tina's right  leg,
gently  applying pressure to the right spot.  She wanted  to
pull away, her body trembling as she felt an orgasm build up
inside,  but  instead moved her feet apart  to  give  him  a
better feel.
      Her  juices were running down her legs, she was biting
her lower lip and perspiration was forming on her forehead!!
He  rubbed from her knee to mid thigh, she was panting,  her
face flush and ears red.  He stopped, "Was that nice?"
     "Uh-huh," Tina responded hoarsely.
      Taking his hand off her leg, he said, "You'll wake  up
now,  the  only  things you'll remember are that  we  talked
about  you and school, and what you do for your track  team.
Understand?"
     "Yes."
     "Wake up."  Tina came to, her eyes sharpening on him as
she  came  back  to  the  real world.   She  felt  a  little
disoriented,  but  then  Onkyo asked  her  about  her  track
practice today and she talked with him as if they were  life
long friends.  Tina liked talking to him barely dressed.  Her
nipples hardened as she stood there and talked with him.
      About fifteen minutes later, Naoko came back into  the
room, wearing only a tiny body suit, her head still lowered.
      He smiled toward Naoko, "Thank you for introducing  me
to  your friend, Naoko.  She is a very pleasant girl."   She
finally  looked up and smiled at her fathers approval.   "It
was  a  pleasure  meeting you Tina.  You  are  welcome  here
anytime!!  Please come by."
     They all exchange pleasantries and the two girls left.
Tina  is  soaked with excitement, although she  can't  quite
figure  out why she's so excited.  As soon as she and  Naoko
are  alone, she asks her, "What the hell happened in  there,
you know, between you and your father?"
      Naoko blushed, "Where we come from, we have rules that
may  seem strange to you, and even though we live here  now,
my father enforces those rules."
     "I don't get it, like what?  Why were you in trouble?"
      Naoko stopped in the garage and turned to Tina, taking
her  hands in hers, "In the palace where we lived, the  host
would always wear one less piece of clothing than the guest.
This  would  show  that the guest was welcome  to  anything.
Understand?   The host had nothing to flaunt or  hide,  it's
sort of a humiliation thing."
      "You  mean  in  I came over to your house  and  walked
around  in a bathing suit..." Tina asked with a smile,  but,
Naoko  nodded  to her, her face very serious.  Tina's  smile
faded.   "And  you'd  do  that for me?   In  front  of  your
parents?!"
       Naoko   nodded,  lowering  her  head  to  cover   her
embarrassment.   Tina  pulled Naoko  towards  her  and  they
kissed,  briefly.   Naoko  smiled,  then  thanked  Tina  for
walking her home.  They kissed again as Tina left.
      Tina walked home feeling warm and tingly, but couldn't
quite figure out why.
      After  Tina left, Naoko's father called her  into  the
study.   She  moved quickly, not wanting  to  make  him  any
angrier than her already was at her, she had violated a very
serious household rule, she knew he was embarrassed by  her
actions, even though Tina wouldn't have known the house law.
     She walked into the den and closed the door behind her.
Naoko  walked  up  to the desk and knelt  in  front  of  it,
placing  her  hands  on her bare knees,  her  head  lowered.
"Naoko,  you broke a rule today.  One of the most  important
rules of this household!"
      She  wanted to respond, but knew better, it  had  been
three  years since her last punishment, and that was with  a
wooden paddle with holes in it.  She just kept her head down
and  fought the tears, terrified of what punishment he would
instill upon her.  "Stand up and come here."  She stood  and
moved around the desk next to his chair.
      Her  father stood and slid the shoulder-straps of  the
body  suit off Naoko's shoulders, then peeled the suit  down
her  body  until her breasts were free of the material.   He
stopped  pulling  off the suit when her  pussy  hair  became
exposed.
      "This is a very serious thing you have done.  If  that
had been someone who knew us well, it would have been highly
insulting.   You have disgraced me, daughter, and  you  must
learn your errors."  He returned to his desk and pulled  out
two clips, a chain, and what looked like small weights.
     Stepping back over in front of her, her attaches one of
the  clips  to her right nipple, she shrieks as it  squeezes
her  nipple  painfully, finally clicking  locked.   She  was
grinding  her teeth, it was very very painful.   A  horrible
heat  ripped  through her body when he attached  the  second
clip  to  her other nipple.  She looked down at  them,  they
were swollen and purple from abuse.
      When her father hung the chain from clip to clip,  she
thought  she was going to faint.  Tears were streaming  down
her  face,  the pain was searing through her body,  she  was
trembling, her knees feeling week.  He turned her around and
locked  her hands uncomfortably behind her back with a  pair
of  thumb cuffs, then he wrapped a leather thong around  her
arms  just  above the elbows and pulled it until her  elbows
touched, tying it so she couldn't get it loose.
      She  wanted  to scream out in agony, but knew  better.
Her  face  was  red and she was beginning to  hyperventilate
from  the pain.  But he wasn't finished with her.  He turned
her  back  to face him, "Naoko, I know you are in a  lot  of
pain right now, but your punishment hasn't begun yet."   Now
Naoko began to sob, it couldn't get any worse...
      He pulled a pedometer out of his pocket and clipped it
onto  her folded down body suit, then took the three weights
off  his desk and hung them off the chain that connected her
nipples.  She cried in full.  "Now," he said, picking  up  a
sheet  of paper, rolling it and swatting at her swollen  and
sore tits, Naoko gasping and crying out each time, "You  are
to  hop and bounce around until the odometer reads one mile.
The  longer it takes you to do it, the longer it's going  to
be before your punishment is over, understand?"
     Naoko looked up at him, her tit's were on fire, she was
in  agony.  He kept swatting her tits, she was seeing  black
spots  before her eyes, the pain was intensifying!!!   "Come
on now, bounce little one, bounce."
      She  bounced and screamed, the pain shot  through  her
like  electrical  current.  It left her dizzy  and  reeling.
"Come  now, Naoko.  The longer you take, the more  it  hurts
you."
      She  was  now  crying in full, ragged  sobs,  bouncing
carefully,  her tits a deep purple, nipples stretching  with
each little hop she made.  She felt totally humiliated, even
more so than at the school today, as her father watched  her
in this state, her eyes begging him to have mercy on her.
      An  hour  and a half later, she finished the  mile  of
bouncing and he untied her and released the clips.  She  ran
to  her  room  and  fell onto the bed and cried  herself  to
sleep,  her  nipples  still in agony when  she  dressed  for
school the next day.












--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....