Archive-name: 3plus/2company.txt
Archive-author: Midnight
Archive-title: Two is 'company'


                               Two is 'company'

		 "...And four is just COMPLETELY OUT OF HAND"

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	Our parties are usually nothing to be laughed at and this one
turned out to be no exception.

	We didn't have as many people as we expected but we did get the 'core'
group of people together so we had a quality party rather than a quantity
party.  On the whole, it was a WONDERFUL occasion.  Steve, as usual, brought a
gorgeous woman along to introduce to the crowd.

	Shelly was incredibly cute.  A little short, 5'4" or so, and a little
heavy, but, for some reason I was immediately attracted to her.  I walked over
to Steve and whispered in his ear

	"Who's the babe?"

	"Oh, don't know you Shelly?" he said with mock surprise.  "Shelly, this
is kurt, kurt this is Shelly"

	"Hi, I'm Kurt, nice to meet you."

	"We usually call him 'Speedy'"

	"Hey, buddy, I don't need any more of your shit tonight."

	"Well its true" he said with a grin.

	"Yeah, well..." It wasn't worth trying to salvage a good first
impression with him around.  I decided I would try a little later.

	"Im Shelly...We met before a couple months ago in Chicago", she said,
offering me her hand.

	A woman as physically pleasing as this I would have remembered...and I
know I wasn't THAT drunk.

	"I was with Steve and you were with...what was here name?" she said to
Steve.

	"Who, his squeeze toy...that was Karen"

	"Steve, give me a break...its been a long day and I cannot defend
myself again this barrage"

	"Ok, Ill give you a little breathing room."

	"Nice to meet you, Shelly, I think Im going to wander about the party
and see if everyone is having a good time"

	"Ok, nice meeting you again"

	They turned back to their conversation and I slipped away through the
crowd with my tail neatly tucked between my legs.

					*

	The night progressed quite nicely.  The music was kept at a good level
and there were people dancing, which is always a good thing at a party, and
everyone was having a good time. 

	After an hour or so of "socializing" I decided that it was time for me
to return and make another attempt and enticing Shelly.  

	I returned to the kitchen, which, by this time, had gotten intolerably
warm...with the punch and all other drinkables being located there it was no
wonder everyone chose to congregate in that room.

	"Its much cooler on the front porch," I whispered into her ear as
I walked up behind her and put my arms around her waist.  "And a little quieter
and more conducive to conversations rather than yelling matches"

	She leaned her head back onto my shoulder and smiled.  "Sure, let me
get some water first"

	Cute AND friendly, how can this be?  I couldn't belive it.

	I escorted her through the crowd of dancing people and out the 
front door.  We sat on the railing which surrounds the porch.  

	"So, what have you been doing with yourself these days?  I haven't
seen you since...wow, back in January.  Whats's new in your life", I
said, trying to get the conversation off to a good start.

	"Not much.  I've been hanging around with Steve...going to
school...working.  You know, the normal boring stuff."

	"Yeah, I've been working myself.  Haven't been in school but I'm trying
to work my way up to it again."  I paused for a short while to reposition
myself and she stood up.

	"Leaving me??  So soon??"  I asked, with a mock pained expression on 
my face.

	"No,  wanted to turn around and stretch my legs"

	She turned around to face away from me, straddled the railing and
reseated herself.

	"Comfortable?"

	"Yes.  Go on, you were saying..."

	She leaned into me as I lightly lifted up her shoulder-length hair 
and began to gently massage her neck and shoulders.

	"Thank you," She said.

	"You are ALWAYS welcome to this."

	She sighed and bent her head forward to allow for a better position for
my hands.

	"Well, as I was saying...Whats with you and Steve?"

	She tensed as my poorly worded question rolled from my tongue.  "I don't
know.  We have been..."  She looked up, glanced quickly around and continued
"...hanging out together for a while but nothing else going on...we are good
friends."

	Sigh, I thought to myself.  'Just good friends' doesn't cause a reaction
like that.  The eyes may be able to fool me, but the back muscles will NEVER
lie.

	I decided to let it go for now.  Hell, I was making progress right here
and now, I didn't have time to think about Steve's indecision.

	"Sorry, didn't mean to bring up a bad topic" I said, and leaned forward
to give her a long hung.  Again she leaned against me and hugged my hands 
and arms closer to her body.

	"That's ok.  Its not that bad of a topic.  Just a little touchy about
it."

	"Why?"

	"Well, here I am sitting in your arms talking about Steve...  Doesn't
that make you a little nervous?"

	"No, Steve is a good friend.  We share everything....EVERYTHING", I
said giving her a little squeeze for emphasis.

	"Yeah, right."

	"No, really, didn't he tell you"

	"No, he didn't"

	"Ok, well I'm just joking."

	"I thought so," She giggled.  "I feel so comfortable being with you,"
she said, turning around to stare me in the eyes"

	DAMN, the words I certainly didn't wanna hear right now.  Comfort isnt
what I'm shooting for...Im looking for 'oh, kurt, you make be feel so HOT and
HORNY' or 'oh, kurt, I wanna gobble you up'...not...comfortable.  Your brother
makes you feel comfortable.  I could feel the flames rising up to strike me
down.

	"Dis'd in the Malibu", I whispered, more as an uncontrolled
verbalization than for anyone's ears.

	"Hmmm," she quipped.

	"Sorry, nothing.  Just talking to myself...wanna join in the
conversation?"

	"I thought I was already part of the conversation," she said, with a
slightly confused look on her face.

	"You are, hon.  Just thinking about...things.  I mean, I want you to
feel comfortable around me, but that isn't really what I was looking for...if
you know what I mean."

	"Yes, I know what you mean, and I wish you hadn't said that."

	STRIKE TWO --  I gotta learn to talk from the heart and not from the
balls or booze.  This one is gonna hurt!

	"Why not," I asked, trying hard to salvage what little bit of decency
that was left in this conversation.

	"Well, I was kinda thinking the same thing.  You seem like a really
nice guy and all, you actually seem interested in what >I< think and want AND
you give good massages..." That last bit threw me. I hadn't realized
that I had not stopped rubbing her neck and shoulders.  "...but I feel a little
uncomfortable about having Steve around"

	"How about this," I said, as I stopped massaging her temples.  "I'm
going to get back to the party.  I really don't want to cause you any discomfort
about Steve and I certainly do not wish to screw up any chance you have with
Steve of having a relationship.  Maybe some other time we could do something
about these urges of yours...little girl"  I said, rubbing the inside of her
leg just above the knee.

	"SIGH...I'll see you later then."


					*

	The party began to slowly die down after a couple hours and people
began to wander home.

	"Ummm, can I get one of you to give me a ride home"  Mike asked, his
speech only slightly slurred.

	"Jesus, man, what the HELL did you do to yourself"

	"Jim and I had a contest to see who could drink the most punch...Jim
lost"

	"Barely, it seems.  Sure, I'll give you a ride home, big man" I said.

	"Mind if I tag along," Shelly asked.

	"Nah, I would enjoy the company, Im really tired"

	"Me too, lets go," interrupted Mike who was already walking towards the
street.
	
	"My car is this way, Mike"

	"I knew that"

	We poured Mike into the car, drove him to his apartment on the other
side of town, and sloshed him out again.  I watched as he nimbly crept his 
way up the stairs, around the sleeping cat, and into the apartment.

	"SAFE!  Another satisfied customer of M.Y. Taxi service."

	"Do this often?"

	"No, not really, I'm usually the one in the back seat being sloshed
around.  Hey, thanks for coming along."

	"No problem, there wasn't anything going on back at the house and I
needed the fresh air."

	"Good deal"  I said, pulling out of the drive way and slowly heading
back home.

	We laughed and talked for nearly an hour on the way home.  I stopped a
couple times and showed her some of the more interesting buildings in the down
town area, we wandered through the pre-dawn lighted residential district and
looked at all of the "neat" houses and then finally meandered back in the
general direction of home.

					*


	"Thanks for the tour..." she said, giving me a long hug.

	"Never a problem.  I'm going to crash...care to join me?"

	A grin crept across her face and I realized how she had twisted my
innocent statement.  "Sure, I need the sleep".

	We quietly climbed the stairs to my room.  Soft snoring could be heard
from Steve, who, in his infinite stupidity, decided to sleep on the floor
instead of in my bed like I had told him.

	"Why don't we wake Steve up, and you two take the bed" I asked.

	"We would never wake him up, he sleeps like a rock"

	I knew this, but I didn't want to suggest the only viable alternative.

	"Ok, how about I sleep on the floor and you take the bed" I said.

	"We could just share the bed, but I want to sleep in the side closest
to Steve"

	Great, I get her into bed and she is thinking of Steve...Oh well, it
just wasn't meant to be.

	I fumbled around my room for a few minutes searching for a
couple blankets.  Once found, I had to decide on what I was going to
wear to bed.  I couldn't sleep in the nude, like I usually do, and I
certainly didn't wanna wear what I had on so I settled for a pair of
shorts and a T-shirt.

	She had already snuggled down into the bed so I wished her a
good night and moved to the far side of the bed and went to sleep.

	I woke up a couple minutes later to find the AC frosted up
and making all the noise in the world (this is nothing new.  With
more than one person adding to the moisture level of the room, the
coils were bound to freeze up) so I leaned up and turned it off.  The
cessation of the noise must have woken her up because she began
grasping her blanket closer to her and huddling up into a ball.

	"Kwit yer fakin'", I whispered into her ear.  "It isn't THAT
cold. Here, take this"

	I draped the comforter I have been using over her body.

	"Thank you," she said, as she snuggled down to resume her sleep. 
"Aren't you cold?"

	"No, I'll be alright"

	"No, come on, share"

	Right about then I realized that she had this fetish for "sharing"
things.  "Just maybe," I thought to myself.

	"Ok".

	I stuck my feet under the comforter and settled down to go back to
sleep.

	"No, get on under here"

	"I'm fine, really"

	"You're going to freeze, get under the blanket"

	I got under the cover behind her, making sure to keep a respectable
distance from her body.

	I know I have a problem cuddling.  I like to, ALL the time and have
been known to, in the middle of night, while still sleeping, seek out my bed
partner so I could cuddle with them.  Knowing this, I tried VERY hard not to 
go to sleep but the party had taken its toll on me and I slowly, reluctantly,
drifted back into slumber.

	I awoke again with her snuggled tightly against my body and my arm 
draped around her midsection.

	"Sorry," I said weakly, drawing my arm away from her.

	She squirmed and pressed herself, as if possible, closer to
me.  I felt her hand grab mine and pull it back to her chest.

	I moaned, which sounded more like a grumble, embraced her and
closed my eyes and tried to go back to sleep.  Cuddling with ANYONE
is certainly better than holding onto your pillow.

	Her chest rose and fell in time with my own breathing and I
found it very hard to concentrate on sleep.  As I lay there I could
hear her breathing quickening.  I moved my thumb and brushed her soft
breast through her shirt and sport bra.  

	'Ok, she is awake', I thought to myself as I heard her let
out a sigh.

	"Good morning," I whispered into her ear while continuing the stroking
of her breasts.

	"Hi," she replied sheepishly and rolled onto her back.

	"Am I keeping you awake?"

	"Oh no...I'm not sleepy anymore."

	"Well, do you mind if I try to grab a couple more minutes of sleep?"

	"No, go ahead," She said, turning around so I could
reposition myself behind her.

	After several long minutes, sleep did not come.

	I decided to see if she had fallen asleep by brushing her
already erect nipple with the back of my hand.

	"You are supposed to be sleeping" she said in a low voice.

	"I tried, but it didn't work.  It must be the company"

	"If you would stop rubbing my nipple like that I will stop
squirming and keeping you awake," and for emphasis, she pressed her
ass against my crotch and began to slowly gyrate.

	I quickly removed my hand from her breast and began tickling
her stomach.  I learned a long time ago that whenever you are losing
a battle of control with someone...CHEAT.

	She let out a little yelp and spun around to face me.

	"That wasn't fair", she said as she grabbed at my hands, trying to
stop me from my continued assault.

	"So what's your point?  'All's fair in love, war, and pure lust'"

	"If you say so," with that the threw her left leg over my
body and pinned me to the bed.

	"Wait a minute.  NOW who is cheating?"

	"I am..."

	She began her slow gyrations again.  I was sure should could
feel my erection bulging through my shorts but she kept grinding
away.

	I pulled her body down to me, hoping, praying that she would
stop.

	"Please stop," I whispered into her ear.

	"Why?"

	"Because I'm hornier than hell, its morning, Steve, the guy
you came here with, is asleep on my floor NEXT TO THIS BED, and you
are making me want to flip you over and make very long slow lust to
you."

	"Then do it," she said, rolling onto her back and into the
middle of the bed.

	I positioned myself between her widely spread legs and again
began to whisper in her ear.

	"This is wrong," I said, accentuating my statement with a
kiss to her chin.

	"What if he wakes up," a kiss to her left cheek.

	She moaned a weak response as I trailed kisses down her neck
to her breasts.  Her nipples stood firm even through her shirt and I
bit her softly there and continued down her body.

	Her back arched as I began lifting her shirt slowly up her
body.  I removed her bra and planted wet kisses on her soft breasts.

	"Oh God, that feels good" she blurted out.

	I stopped kissing her and whispered to her to be quiet.

	"I can't help it.  That feels wonderful"

	"Shhh...if Steve wakes up..."

	"He won't.  He sleeps like a rock.  He's never ready to go in the
mornings and that's when I am at my horniest"

	"Me too," I said, quickly returning my attention to her nipples.

	Trailing wet kisses all the way, I began my trek down her body to her
pubes.

	I teased her blood engorged labia with my fingers as I pressed my
tongue deep into her cunt.  I spread her lips apart slightly so I could see her
clit...the target of my passion...and began applying light pressure there with
my thumb and gently licking with my tongue.  I could feel her nearing her
orgasm.

	If she screamed, I certainly didn't hear it.  Her legs clamped tightly
around my ears as she entered into her first orgasm.  She released my head and
shuddered to a slow orgasmic halt.  I took one last long lick of her very wet
vagina and moved up her body.

	"Kiss me," I said.

	She leaned up and kissed me.  He lips yielded slowly to my probing 
and she began to suck hungrily at my tongue as it entered he mouth.

	"Is that what I taste like?" she said, breaking our kiss and licking
her lips.

	"Yes, that's you, hon.  Does it taste as good to you as it does to me?"

	"I think so.  Its kinda sweet with a light 'tang' to it."

	She was right.  I had never tasted such an interesting woman before.

	I presented her my finger which she hungrily licked into her
mouth and teased as if to promise what was to come.  I removed my now
wet finger from her mouth and trailed it down the center of her body.
Stopping just short of her pubic hair, I turned to see her with her
head tilted backwards and a large grin on her face.

	"Want more?" I asked quietly, as I began gently massaging her
clitoris again.

	"I want to feel you inside of me"

	I eased over to the night stand and got out a condom.  Better
safe than sorry, I always say.

	"Are you sure about this...I mean, with Steve and all..." I
asked, still holding the condom package tightly in the palm of my
hand.

	"I'm horny NOW and he won't be awake til sometime after noon
and even then he wont want to do anything."

	I tore the foil wrapper open and flung it to the floor.  I
slipped the now warm condom over my penis and positioned myself above
her.

	I kissed her softly as I slowly entered her body.  She arched
her back sharply and widened her legs as I continued the slow descent
of my pelvis.

	She gave a contented grunt when our pubes met and began
rocking from side to side.

	"How does that feel?"

	"Oh god that feels good.  Stay there for just a couple more
seconds"

	She slowly increased her speed and began to buck against me
while I tried to hold still.  I felt her muscles contract around my
cock and rhythmically being stroking its shaft like tiny bands,
massaging me.

	She let out a sigh as she reached another orgasmic-plateau
and stopped her rocking.

	"If you had waited a couple minutes I could have joined you
in that one," I said, a little hurt that she went on without me.

	"That just makes the next one so much better..."

	I slowly pulled out of her and just as slowly re-entered.
She moaned her enjoyment into my ear as I picked up the pace.

	"Shhh..." I said to her as she began to get louder with her
moans.

	"Ung...I cant help it.  Oh god, Im going..."

	I pressed my mouth against her lips to stifle her screams and
continued to piston myself in and out of her wet cunt.  I could feel
my orgasm building as she, in her orgasmic throes, wiggled and shook
beneath me.

	"Can I come now?" I asked

	"Yes!  Oh god, Yes"

	I lifted myself up on my hands and began to slowly tease her
cunt with cock with deep circular strokes.  Her ankles crossed at the
small of my back and pressed me deeper into her.  I felt her tense
again and I knew she was ready for another orgasm.  I began moving
faster, in and out of her and my orgasm burst forth.

	My condom-covered cock flopped limply to my stomach when I
laid down next to her.  I stroked her matted hair and kissed her
softly on the forehead.

	"That was wonderful.  Thank you" I said to her, and I began
to lick the sweat from her brow.

	"I should be the one to thank you.  That felt great."

	"And I should thank you both for keeping me awake for the
last hour or so"

	"Uh Oh" we said in unison, turning to see Steve kneeling at
the edge of the bed.



------


