A TALE OF TWO COUPLES
 
 
 
Sherry's day had been a long one; the hours at the office had seemed to drag
on forever. She threw her car keys on the coffee table, picked up a cigarette
and lit it and took a puff as she sat down on the luxurious sofa. Leaning
back on the cushions she reflected back on the day's events. Thinking
about her boss at work she thought to herself, what a cocksucker he is.  The
bastard had tried to get her into the office storage room while everyone was
out to lunch.
 
She remembered how he had pawed at her firm breasts and pinched her on the
ass.  The idea of sex wasn't the problem, but with that asshole? Never!  Her
tired muscles and mind soon had her thinking of something else like a nice
hot shower and a nap in her king sized waterbed. Getting up off the sofa she
started unbuttoning her blouse as she headed for the shower. Her well rounded
tits ached for release from their imprisonment within her bra. Getting to the
bedroom she finished removing the rest of her clothes and headed for the
shower, turning on the tap to get it nice and hot.
 
Sherry stood under the pounding spray letting the wetness rinse away her
aching muscles and tiredness. Slowly she reached for the bar of soap and
started lathering herself up the soapsuds making cute little bubbles on the
tips of her nipples.  Slowly she washed herself rubbing her body all over.
Her hands felt good to her that day, rubbing her breasts with tenderness.
Umm, she thought as she rubbed harder her nipples poking out in response to
their stimulation, this feels good.  Slowly she worked her way down to her
lower stomach until she reached her pubic hair. Grabbing the bar of soap she
rubbed it in small circles against her pubic mound, the white lather covering
it. Spreading her legs for better access, she took the bar of soap and gently
rubbed it against her wet pussy, the slippery bar feeling hard against the
tender folds of her cunt.  After a few moments of this, Sherry began to feel
the heated sensations of lust creeping into wet pussy until before she knew
it she was rubbing the bar hard against her clit and moaning low between her
teeth. Soon, though, the soap began to burn and she soon realized that this
was not the way to go and quickly rinsed the soap from her skin. Turning off
the water, she picked up a large towel and began to dry herself, taking the
towel between her legs and rubbing it back and forth, half drying and half
masturbating her by now very horny cunt.
 
Moving back to the bedroom, Sherry lay down on the waterbed which gently
rocked her back and forth. She just lay there for a moment before her body
reminded her that there was other business at hand.
 
As she looked up at the clock she was reminded that her husband Bill would be
home from work soon. She still had a little over an hour, which would be
plenty of time. She slowly massaged her breasts, feeling the hardness of her
nipples between her fingertips. Slowly she rolled them in small circles as
they got even harder. With the other hand she reached between her legs and
rubbed with just one finger up and down the moist slit of her vagina.
 Digging deeper with her finger she found the small opening to her cunt and
massaged it gently, rubbing the moisture from inside of it onto the outside
of her pussy lips. As it was still slightly dry she raised her fingers to her
mouth and slowly sucked two of them inside, fantasizing that it was Bill's
big cock she was sucking on. Getting them nice and wet she once more reached
between her widespread legs, spreading the wetness on her clitoris, sliding
her fingers up and down over it until it too stood out in hardness. Her other
hand was now massaging her whole breasts, increasing their manipulations as
she got more turned on by the second.
 
Soon her overheated cunt was flooded with her lubrication, slippery against
her fingers which were now delving into the opening, slowly getting deeper
and deeper. Soon both her fingers were buried deep inside, as deep as she
could get them.  Pulling them out she would shove them in again just as hard
as she could, imagining that they were a hard cock sliding in and out of her
cunt.  Sherry was used to much larger things than her fingers and soon found
herself aching to be filled to the hilt, and her two fingers were not doing
the job.  Curling her fingers together she forced not three but four of them
into herself starting to feel her pussy walls stretching around them.
 
Soon she had them as deep as she could, which wasn't very deep at all
considering the position she was lying in.  This won't do at all, Sherry
thought, I must have more... Reaching over to her nightstand, she opened the
top drawer to reveal a large selection of dildos and sex toys that Bill had
bought for her to use on occasions such as this. What a decision, she
thought, there are so many to choose from. She had little tiny ones all the
way up to a very large rubber dildo shaped like a man's cock, a little oval
shaped egg that vibrated and a medium sized one that had rubber balls
attached. She hated to remove the four fingers still jammed up her pussy, but
she made the effort and reached over to pick up a large sized rubbery
vibrator that she liked a lot, and her cute little egg.  Lying back, Sherry
took the tip of the fake cock and rubbed the head of it against her by now
dripping cunt.
 
Without much effort she slid the head of it right in, not stopping until she
reached the thick middle of it. Then she pulled it almost all the way out and
rapidly shoved it back in.  Each time the thick middle slid in another inch,
stretching her hole to conform to its shape. Reaching for the back end of it,
she flipped on the switch that turned on the vibrator inside of her cunt, the
vibrations soon pulsating deep inside of her tightly stretched pussy.
 
In and out it went as Sherry pushed and pulled, the rubber covered vibrator
making a slight slurping sound as the folds of her cunt sucked back at it.
Turning over on her side Sherry reached behind her and picked up her little
egg. Sherry wasn't all that thrilled about anal sex but the egg was
different.  Smaller and smooth the vibrating egg gave her a thrill that
couldn't be beat.  Slowly she rubbed the egg up against the big vibrator,
covering it in the slippery secretions of her pussy, rubbing them over the
little tight ring of her asshole, rubbing it around and around the little
rubbery ring, stretching it open a little at a time until at last the little
egg popped in. The vibrations between the egg and the big dildo up her cunt
soon became overwhelming, the vibrations building towards a crescendo within
her body. Soon every muscle in her body was tingling, becoming an extension
of the two vibrators, one in her cunt and one slowly working its way deep inside her tight ass.
 
With one last very deep thrust of the dildo in her cunt she bared her teeth
in ecstasy and let out a loud moan as wave after wave of euphoria overwhelmed
her, her cunt muscles contracting around the thick dildo, her little pink
asshole clenching around the egg, never wanting to let go.
 
Bill watched his wife in awe; unknown to her he had come home early and
Sherry in her moans of ecstasy had not heard him come in. Bill had always
been thrilled by the sight of a beautiful woman masturbating herself, and the
thrill of watching without them knowing they were being watched made it even
more exciting. He watched in awe as his wife pushed and pulled the big dildo
in and out of her steaming cunt. Moans of lust escaped her parted lips as her
orgasm hit her.
 
Bill too was human and the thrill of watching his wife masturbate had not
gone unnoticed by his cock. Swelling in response it soon became uncomfortable
in his tight jeans.  Reaching down, Bill undid his zipper, freeing his now
massive uncircumcised rod to the cool air. Sherry with closed eyes did not notice him until
he quietly walked up beside her and laid the pinkish tip of his long cock on
her lips.  Startled, she opened her eyes to be greeted by the sight of a
pearly drop of precome on the tip of his big thick fat cock. Sherry didn't
know how long Bill had been there but the sight of his cock before her
vanquished all thoughts of anything else.  Parting her lips, Sherry stuck out
her tongue, the tip of it brushing the pearly white drop of cum. Flattening
her tongue, she licked under the foreskin of his cock, making it glisten with her
saliva. Bill undid his belt and jeans, letting them drop to the floor.
Stepping out of them carefully as not to disturb the beautiful sight before
him, he moved forward, the mushroom head entering Sherry's parted lips.
Sherry reached behind him, pulling him forward so that she could get more of
his lovely monster into her mouth. Soon she had every inch of it, her mouth
stretched wide by its thickness. Bill's cock wasn't all that long, she
thought, but it sure was thick.
 
As thick as it was, Sherry was doing a hell of a job getting it all the way
down her throat, coming up for air about every third stroke.  Sherry's
sucking had gotten Bill extremely horny. His burgeoning cock ached for
release and Bill knew just the thing to give it to him. Reaching down, Bill
parted Sherry's legs and removed the still humming vibrator. It too had
renewed that sexual tingle in Sherry's wet cunt, doing its job very
effectively. Bill moved back and pulled his hard cock from Sherry's pouting
mouth. If it was one thing she really enjoyed about sex it was sucking on a
big fat dick, but she knew good things were about to happen.
 
Getting on his knees Bill picked up her legs and propped them on her
shoulders, her gaping slit before him a feast for a king. The little egg was
still deep inside her ass and Bill decided to leave it there. Pulling her
cunt lips apart he licked a long path from her clit down to the crack of her
ass, making her shiver in desire. Bill loved the taste of fresh pussy juice
and lapped it up like a hungry man. Her little clit stood out wanting its
share of attention and Bill provided it, sucking gently on the nubbin until
Sherry pushed his head down, intimating that she wanted him to lick else-
where. Licking down, Bill found her hot and wet cunt hole and stuck his
tongue in it as deep as he could. In and out it went, the pink folds of her cunt sucking it back in each time he tried to pull it out. Soon she was
shaking with desire, her overheated cunt a mass of quivering muscles aching
to be filled.
 
Moving up, Bill licked a moist trail in a path up to her tits, the nipples
straining towards his tongue. As he pulled one into his mouth he lunged
forward, his thick cock plundering its way into the depths of her vagina.
Sherry bucked her hips forward, wanting every hard inch of his big meat.
Inexorably the big cock pushed into her cunt, the well-lubricated walls
making its job easier, until at last the head of his cock rested up against
the opening of her uterus. Pulling backwards until half of it was out Bill
reversed his motion, driving the cock home again and again. Sherry raised her
legs high in the air making sure that each of his strokes gave her all the
meat he could get inside.
 
Meanwhile the little egg vibrated away in the depths of her rectum; it too
was performing a job of keeping her stimulated. The big cock in her pussy and
the vibrating egg up her ass soon had Sherry moaning and groaning in pure
ecstasy, her orgasm near, she whispered to Bill, "Come with me..."  Bill,
although nearing his climax, was not near enough to match her pace. Getting
his unspoken message, Sherry reached around his pumping ass and slowly slid a
finger down the crack of it. She knew that Bill was a definite greek freak,
he liked anything and everything to do with anal sex. Slowly she wormed her
finger into his rubbery asshole until it was buried up to the third knuckle.
She wiggled it around, massaging his prostate gland, which she knew for a
fact would soon induce him to a spine tingling orgasm. Sherry's long finger
up his ass soon had the desired effect, that and the vibrations he felt in
his cock from the little egg Sherry had buried deep up her rectum.
 
Soon the two of them were overcome by the intense pleasure called orgasm,
Bill's thick cock squirting hot jets of white creamy cum deep into her
spasming cunt, until slowly it was over and they both relaxed. Pulling his
shrinking cock from her juicy pussy, Bill looked down at his wife, a look of
contentment on her face and white cum dripping from her freshly fucked pussy.
Bill thought to himself, "What more could a guy ask for..."
 
                            *  *  *
 
Feeling refreshed after his workout with Sherry, Bill decided he would take a
shower.  After all, tonight they had company coming over and he wanted to
look and feel his best. Tonight, he hoped, would be a very special night, his
company being none other than the attractive and vivacious Paula and her new
boy friend Dave.  Paula was very tall and lean, with ample curves in all the
right places, and Bill had the idea that given half a chance she would fuck
his eyeballs out.  Dave, on the other hand, was a muscular dude and Bill had
noticed that Sherry had been unable to keep her eyes off his crotch the last
time they had come to visit.  It was quite obvious that Dave was well built
in the meat department, his tight jeans showing off a very large bulge. But
Bill wasn't thinking about Dave's bulge but about Paula's cute little ass.
 
Sherry, meanwhile, was changing clothes in the bedroom.  She too was thinking
about tonight's get together but rather than just thinking about how nice it
would be to get into Dave's bulging pants she had made up her mind to do
something about it.  Her devious mind had worked out a plan that she knew would work.  She knew that Bill had a thing for asses and Paula was always
making sure she showed hers off to the maximum.  Her plan was a very simple
one, she would make sure she made the drinks extra strong tonight.  Bill
normally lost what few inhibitions he had after a few stiff drinks and she
figured if she could get Dave off to herself alone that Bill and Paula would
let nature take its course.  Since they only had one bedroom in the apartment
she wasn't sure how they would work things out but if necessary she was
prepared to fuck Dave's brains out in front of everyone. He had an incredible
looking bulge and she intended to find out if he knew how to use it.
 
Bill came out of the shower with a towel wrapped around him and gave Sherry a
big hug. Bill loved Sherry a lot but their sex life had been in a rut lately
and Bill wasn't too sure about how to cure that problem.  He hoped tonight
would help. Both of them had planned in the back of their minds that tonight
would be special, although they hadn't discussed it.
 
Sherry was in the kitchen mixing up a pitcher of melon killers, a drink she
found to be tasty and quite potent. Bill was in the living room making sure
everything looked nice and cozy and that proper mood music was playing on the
stereo.  Bill answered the door when the doorbell rang, only to be greeted by
an overwhelming sight.  Dave and Paula were there, all right, and Paula had
on the lowest-cut blouse that Bill had ever seen, along with a wide belt that
was almost as wide as the very small miniskirt she was wearing.  Bill held
the door open for them, Paula making sure she brushed her tits against Bill's
arm as she came in. Dave looked sharp too, wearing a silk shirt that showed
off his muscular chest and tight parachute pants that made his bulging crotch
look larger than ever. What Bill and Sherry didn't know was that Paula and
Dave were longtime swingers and had found Bill and Sherry to be attractive to
them.  Both Dave and Paula had discussed the possibility of getting Bill and
Sherry together with them sexually, and figured they would do everything
possible tonight to get the message across.
 
Sherry came out of the kitchen with drinks in her hand and gave everybody
one.  They sat down in the large carpeted living room, the lights turned down
low for effect. Paula picked a large overstuffed chair in a corner while Dave
sat down on the sofa, deliberately sitting in the middle in hopes that if
Sherry sat down beside him she would have to sit close. Sherry of course was
looking for just such an opportunity and sat down beside him, getting closer
than he had hoped.
 
Bill stood a the dining room table a moment taking in the scenery and what
was transpiring around him. Walking over to a chair in front of the stereo
and sitting down, Bill had an excellent view of Paula. Paula very innocently
relaxed back in the chair, spreading her legs just enough to make sure Bill
got a good eyeful of her legs and pussy. And what a view, for Paula had come
to the party wearing no panties! Her light red pubic hair was in full view of
Bill's wide open eyes.
 
After a few drinks and small talk  Sherry started getting braver, rubbing her
leg up against Dave's and him rubbing back. Dave was watching Bill to see
what was happening with him but Bill was still intently watching Paula,
especially since she had let her miniskirt ride up on her thighs and her
whole pussy was in view. Sherry had noticed Paula's bare cunt too.  Putting
two and two together, she realized that the whole thing was coming off very easily.
 
Leaning over to Dave, Sherry whispered in his ear, "Go for it.  Bill won't
mind, he's too interested in Paula right now."  Dave leaned over Sherry and
planted his lips on hers, his hand sliding slowly up her bare leg. Bill,
catching the action out of the corner of his eyes, decided it was his turn to
make a move. Getting up, he went over in front of Paula and sat down on the
floor in front of her. Paula responded by putting one leg up on the armrest
of the chair, exposing her cunt in full. Bill didn't have to be invited twice
and leaned forward towards her, his tongue anticipating this feast. Bill was
a kinky kind of guy and Sherry... well, she usually put up with most of his
sexual wants, as long as she was reasonably in the mood. Paula, on the other
hand, was as kinky if not more than Bill was. Dave, although not as kinky
minded as either Paula or Bill, still loved to fuck as much as any man.
 
Sherry by this time was like a animal in heat and her curiosity was getting
the best of her about how big Dave's cock really was. Leaning over him she
reached down and unzipped his pants, Dave lifting up his hips to make the job
easier.  Bill heard a little gasp of surprise from Sherry and looked over to
find her holding the longest cock he had ever seen or heard about. It had to
be at least 16 inches long, he thought. Actually it was 14 inches long which
was saying a lot but it wasn't all that big around, looking like a very long
but skinny dildo.
 
"Don't worry about them," Paula whispered to Bill, "I've got other plans for
us."  Taking Bill's hand, Paula placed it on her wet cunt, rubbing it slowly
up and down.  Taking two fingers he placed them gently into her cunt hole,
pushing them in slowly to the hilt. "Harder," Paula moaned.  Bill complied by
pulling his fingers out and ramming them back in again. Paula's cunt was very
flexible, he thought, and responded to that by putting a third finger in
beside the other two.
 
By this time Dave and Sherry were wrapped up in their own little world.
Sherry's hand was around the lower part of Dave's cock and her mouth was
doing its best to swallow the other half. Deeper and deeper it went into her
sucking mouth until Sherry had three quarters of it stuffed down her throat.
Up and down her mouth went, taking as much of the long cock as she could into
her mouth.  Sherry loved sucking cock and a long one like this was a real
treat.  She knew that in a little while she would have that long cock up her
cunt and wondered how it would feel and how much she could take.  Dave on the
other hand was an ass man. He liked ass fucking more than most, except Bill,
who liked ass fucking above all other types of sex.  Dave had plans for
Sherry's ass, at least he hoped she would allow him to. He knew that most
women were frightened off by the size of his cock for normal fucking, let
alone ass screwing. But he could try, and while Sherry was sucking his cock
like a bat out of hell he contemplated the idea.
 
Bill meanwhile was being amazed by Paula; he now had four fingers inside her
clenching wet hole and she was asking for more. Bill, being a obliging
person, put his thumb together with his fingers and slowly started to stretch
open her cunt to what he thought must be the maximum but Paula surprised him
by saying, "Put it all in there, your whole fucking hand." Amazingly enough
her cunt muscle relaxed to let him inch by inch push his whole hand up into
her slippery cunt.
 
Paula was in ecstasy. Most guys were too afraid of hurting her to even try
fisting her. She knew Bill was very kinky, she like most girls had made small
talk with his wife over coffee and donuts. Well tonight, she thought to her-
self, I'm going to see just how kinky he's willing to get. But for now her
cunt told her that it was ready to send her into orbit, so she relaxed and
leaned back, letting Bill shove his entire hand in and out of her well
lubricated pussy. Soon she was filled with an orgasm she couldn't believe,
her whole body spasming with joy, it felt like every nerve ending was coming.
Paula could not help but let out a little yell, getting the attention of
Sherry.
 
Sherry had decided it was time to put this huge cock to work and told Dave to
lie down on the floor. Sherry spread her legs over him while he held his cock
straight up guessing her intentions. Slowly Sherry squatted down, the head of
Dave's long cock making contact with her overheated cunt. Ever so slowly
Sherry took inch by inch of the long dong inside of her young aching cunt,
until the head of it banged up against her insides. Still there was a good
handful outside which she reached down to massage with her hand as she raised
her self up and then slammed back down again making sure she took every inch
she could get inside of her. The long cock didn't stretch her like Bill's but
it definitely filled her insides up. And her cunt didn't mind too much either
since while massaging the root of Dave's long dick she rubbed her clit at the
same time.
 
Dave meanwhile was laying back trying to enjoy it, but with half his cock
still unsheathed by the too-short pussy Dave thought about putting it deep
inside her ass instead. Reaching around Sherry's ass, he let his finger find
the object of his desire, that small rubbery ring of her asshole. Sherry let
out a moan as his finger probed and wormed its way inside.
 
Paula meanwhile was cumming, every nerve ending exploding in ecstasy until at
last the pleasure ebbed to a mild tingle. Bill, though, hadn't found release
yet and Paula reached down to pull his hand from her extremely wet cunt. So
wet, in fact, that the juices had run down the crack of her ass soaking the
chair cushion.  "Take off your pants," she told Bill, who was not inclined
to argue.
 
Paula's eyes widened at the sight of Bill's thick rod. She was
used to Dave's long skinny one and the sight of this thick monster was a
thrilling sight indeed.  Paula moved out of the chair in front of Bill.
Reaching out, she attempted to wrap a hand around his cock, her fingers not
making it all the way around. Leaning forward, she licked the purple head of
it, letting her tongue flick up and down the shaft. Reaching underneath Bill
with her other hand she lightly tickled his hairy balls with her fingertips.
 
Paula knew that Bill was crazy about all anal forms of sex and decided that
she would give him the night of his life. Turning him around she pushed him
back towards the chair until he had to sit in it. Lifting up his legs Paula
put them high in the air exposing his balls and ass to her eyes. Leaning
forward she licked a path of wetness from the head of his cock to his asshole
every now and then probing forward with her tongue, teasing him unmercifully.
Without warning she shoved her tongue deep into his ass making him moan in
delight. Bill raised his legs even higher making sure she had plenty of room.
 
 
Dave meanwhile had slid two fingers up Sherry's backside.  Sherry didn't mind
too much; Bill did it all the time and it did provide some extra stimulation.
Sherry wasn't crazy about ass fucking but that could have been because Bill's
thick cock was too big around to slide up her small asshole without some
pain. Dave's, she thought, isn't nearly as big around. I wonder how much of
his long cock I could get up my ass?  Leaning over, she licked Dave's earlobe
and whispered to him, "How would you like to put that long dick up my ass?"
Dave couldn't believe his ears, here was a girl who he had been thinking
about screwing in the butt and she came out and asked him to. "I'd love to,"
he said, rolling her over on the plush carpet. Sherry's cunt juices had
flowed down the crack of her ass and Dave's fingers had done the rest,
lubricating the tight little hole. Slowly Dave pulled his long cock from her
cunt, it seemed like it pulled out forever, thought Sherry. Dave moved the
head of his cock down to that little pink puckered hole that seemed to wink
at him. Pushing forward he managed to wedge part of the head of his cock into
her. Damn what a tight fit he thought. Pushing forward the head of it went in
with a pop. Sherry winced a little as the head of Dave's cock stretched open
her anal muscle. But it didn't hurt very much and she tried to relax as much
as she could. Reaching down she started rubbing small circles around her
clit.
 
Paula pulled her tongue from Bill's ass, knowing that too much at once would
have him cumming like a freight train. Beside she wanted some anal action
too, never having experienced anal sex with someone as thick as him. Paula
had always enjoyed ass fucking since she was a little girl and used to use
her hairbrush handle up her ass while masturbating. Getting used to bigger
and bigger things to masturbate her ass with Paula had developed to a point
where she almost preferred sex that way.
 
Turning around Paula offered up her ass to Bill; he in turn pulled her back
towards him, both hands on her small hips. Both of her ass cheeks barely
filled his large hands making it easy for him to control her movements. As
she moved backwards Paula reached out and aimed his cock at her little hole
wanting to slam back against it but thinking twice about that due to its
size.  Nonetheless, she had committed herself to finding out what a big one
felt like. The large head of Bill's thick cock was larger than the crack of
her ass was wide and he had to spread Paula's ass cheeks with his hands in
order to gain access to that little hole.  Gazing at the little puckered hole
before him Bill thought that there was no way it would fit.. but Paula moved
backwards relentlessly.
 
The big head of Bill's cock met with resistance as it tried to gain entry
into the small hole of Paula's backside, but Paula kept pushing back until at
last the tight muscle started to give way. Every little wrinkle was stretched
out in flatness as the big cockhead worked its way inside. Paula couldn't
remember when she had been so stretched before except maybe when she had let
a girlfriend of hers use a extremely large dildo on her ass. But this was no
dildo but a real live cock and that made it better. At last the head of it
was in, and Paula knew that the hardest part was over. Amazingly enough there
was no pain, only a filling sensation that radiated down towards her cunt and
clitoris. With one brave move Paula violently slammed her small body backwards, encasing Bill's throbbing member almost completely up her ass.
 
Bill had never felt anything as tight before as this small girl's tight
asshole wrapped around his cock. It squeezed at him like nothing he had ever
felt and he enjoyed it immensely. Pulling on Paula's small ass cheeks Bill
slid the last thick inch of his shaft into Paula's rectum, his balls slapping
up against her cunt.
 
Sherry by this time had amazed herself! All of Dave's eleven long inches of
cock was fully buried inside of her ass, she had never been so filled up in
her life. Between the enormously long cock up her ass and her fingers rubbing
her clit Sherry could feel one hell of an orgasm coming on. Raising up on her
knees she let all but the last inch of Dave's cock pull out of her ass and
promptly let all of her weight fall back on him his cock slamming itself back
up into the depths of her rectum. Over and over she did this, until at last
she cried out loudly, "I'm cumming! I'm  cumming, fuck my ass harder!"
 
As Sherry's orgasm subsided Paula's was just beginning and Bill's not too far
behind. Paula too was rubbing her cunt as hard and fast as she could. She
wanted to put a finger inside her cunt but Bill's thick cock had her ass
stretched so far that there wasn't room in her cunt for even a finger. Bill
was ecstatic.  Using Paula's ass cheeks like handles he pulled and shoved her
backwards and forwards, each time his cock rammed into her ass. At last
Paula's orgasm was upon her; it seemed like it started at the tips of her
toes and moved up. Crying out loudly Paula started on her journey  to the
most fantastic orgasm she'd ever had.  Every muscle clenched in ecstasy as
the orgasm overtook her, wave after wave of intense pleasure rolled in,
centered around that huge cock slamming in and out of her asshole.
 
 
Dave had all that he could take as his orgasm started to be felt. He hoarsely
moaned, "I'm cumming." Sherry heard him and, being the natural born
cocksucker she was, managed to pull herself up for his lengthy cock. Taking
it in both hands she leaned forward to take it in her mouth but wasn't quick
enough before the first hot stream of white cum squirted from it, landing on
her lips. Parting her mouth, Sherry crammed the long dick as far down her
throat as she could get it, stroking the rest of it with her hands. Jacking
him off in her mouth the big cock rewarded her with mouthful after mouthful
of creamy hot cum. Pulling her mouth back to swallow she couldn't keep up
with the immense flow and the pearly white cum started to drip from the
corners of her mouth and drip down on her tits and hands.Slowly Dave's orgasm
began to falter and the large cock began to shrink in her hands but Sherry
continued to nurse it, licking the dribbles of cum from the tip until there
was no more.
 
   Bill slammed his cock into Paula's ass just as deep and hard as he could
ass the first hot jet of cum squirted for his cock.  Paula felt the first hot
jet inside of her and quickly pulled herself from the thick rod that had
impaled her ass. Turning around quickly Paula took his thick rod in her
mouth, at the same time sliding a long finger deep into his ass. Massaging
his prostate gland with her finger had immediate results. Paula was rewarded
for her efforts by an extremely large mouthful of creamy white cum. She too
could not hold it all and it ran down the shaft of his cock, coating it in a
layer of white.  Never had she seen this much cum resulting from anal play to a male and was pleased that she had made Bill feel so good. Slowly Bill's
massive cock quit pumping out its load and Paula took more of his cock in her
mouth so she could get what she had missed. In one last expression of
kinkiness Paula raised up and put her lips on Bill's, her tongue sharing the
essence of his orgasm.
 
THE END
