------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2GIRLS.TXT
          by a crewmember of the U.S.S. Paegan, NCC-1755




                              Another 2 Girl Story


              Shirll spread  her  legs  and  reclined on her bed.  The
         music pulsed deeply, going into her very essence, causing her
         erotic mood to become highly sensorial.   Her  fingers traced
         the smooth lines of her body.  Using a knife to  cut away her
         panties seemed more   erotically   stimulating   that  simply
         removing them or masturbating through  the soaked cloth.  She
         arched her back  and tried to rip open her bra  by  thrusting
         her enormous breasts  forward.   Through  the material of her
         bra you could see her enormous  tits  and  the dark subcircle
         around them.  They  were  very wet from her secretions.  Then
         she massages her  breasts with her left hand, while her right
         hand is lying gently and unmoving  upon her thigh.  Under the
         smooth caresses and fondling, her elegant breasts  dilate  as
         she sighs and smiles, she is beginning to come.  Her bosom is
         so awe inspiring  through  her  bra  that one wonders how one
         could bear it if seen unclad!   Suddenly  the  door opens and
         her roommate walks  in....  and  stares.   Shirll   makes  no
         attempt to cover  herself  whatsoever.   She  spread her legs
         further apart and gently touched her fingers to her genitalia
         and brought some of the flowing juices up to her tongue.  "Hi
         Tanis", she said, and arched her  back  with a scream of pain
         and ripped open  her  bra!  The things stood almost  straight
         out, rare for  someone who has 'em that enormous.  And on the
         end of those immense nipples there  was a clear fluid seeping
         that somewhat resembled   semen.    Tanis   was   gaping   in
         astonishment, partly because  she had never seen her stripped
         before, and the other reason being that of the alien fire she
         felt racing through  her  body.   Unconsciously  she  touched
         herself through her  jeans,  as she always did  whenever  she
         felt like it  --  she  had  done  so  in front of Shirll many
         times, and had even got off  when  Shirll  was  in  the  room
         watching, however nothing ever developed beyond watching each
         other masturbate through their cloths.  Now,  however  it was
         looking like that  might  change.  Tanis closed the door, and
         walked over to Shirll, and stood by her.  They looked at each
         other a long time, and finally  Tanis  pulled off her t-shirt
         to reveal her  own  chest.  She never wore any  support  even
         though she was  fully developed (ripe?).  She sat on the edge
         of the bed and leaned over next  to  Shrill,  and  could feel
         heat from her, and smell her seductive bodily  scent.  Shirll
         started masturbating herself  again, this time more directly,
         with the back of her index finger  against her slit, pointing
         up while her  second  finger was inside her vagina  searching
         for perhaps the  famed  Graffenburg  Spot(1), while the other
         fingers were stroking  her  labia   and  inner  thighs.   She
         reached out and  brushed  her  hands across Tanis's  nipples,
         eliciting a cry  of  something  best  described  as a frantic
         purr!  Tanis stood up and ripped off her jeans, showing off a
         drenched pair of red silk panties.   As  she  quickly exposed
         the remaining parts of her she revealed that she  was not new








         to the world  of  orgasmic  pleasures.   The flesh around her
         cunt was very enlarged and distended, one would like to think
         from thousands of   hours   of   personal   self   pleasuring
         activities.  She climbed  onto  the bed and kneeled  next  to
         Shrill, and spread her thighs.  Then she took several fingers
         of both hands  and  unfolded  the  lips of her (words fail me
         here), and you could see the innermost parts of her vagina...
         talk about pink!  Suddenly they  were  in  each other's arms,
         laughing and crying  at  the same time.  Their  breasts  were
         matched, nipple to   nipple,  and  were  pressed  and  rubbed
         together with the  natural lubrication  supplied  by  Shirll.
         The size of  their  cunt's was very helpful in  getting  good
         contact, and soon they were reaching an orgasm together.  Now
         that the initial  built  up tension was released, they calmed
         down to talking and masturbating each other. They would laugh
         when one of them would be talking  and  would drift off for a
         minute when one of them got off by the others hand.  As their
         "operations" got more bold, Tanis told of how  she  had  laid
         with her older  sister  for  many years while growing up, and
         how they would go to sleep, nude,  and  in each other's arms,
         often with their fingers inside the other one's  slit.  Tanis
         and Shirll finally got up the courage and the passion let the
         other one lick  them  off.  There is something to be said for
         the salty sweet taste of a girl  when  she comes while having
         the hell licked  out  of  her by another girl,  as  you  know
         usually only a  woman knows how to please another women where
         it counts...





         (1)Will we ever know if it really  exists,  wish I was a girl
         (not really), then maybe I'd know.