




























                                  OUT IN THE WOODS

                                         By

                                    William Bloom






































               It was "Senior Ditch Day", and a group of us had head out to

          Whilhite State Park.  It was a beautiful place, set  right at the

          foot of  the mountains.   Things  were a little uncomfortable for

          me, because I was a last minute addition to the party.   I didn't

          really plan  on going, because my ex-girlfriend, April, was going

          to be there.

               She broke up  with  me,  because  she  "couldn't  handle the

          relationship."   I think  it was  because she's  got this prudish

          hang-up about only having sex in the missionary position.

               Anyway, I noticed that all day long, April and another girl,

          Ellen were  watching me.   Everytime I looked in their direction,

          they'd look away, and Ellen would  look kind  of embarrassed.   I

          could imagine what April had been telling her.

               Ellen was  kind of  pretty.   She usually  wore clothes that

          were too big for her.  Her hair hung straight down, and  she wore

          no make-up.  I don't think I'd ever really saw her with anyone at

          school before.  It was kind of strange that she was at  the party

          anyway.

               Ellen never  hung with  any crowd.   She  was quiet, and was

          definately out of  place  with  just  about  anyone.    April was

          probably doing  her a  favor by bringing her along.  She had been

          staying by April's side all day long.

               After a few hours,  and  one  flag  football  game  later, I

          noticed  that  Ellen  had  left  the  crowd.   I couldn't see her

          anywhere.  That's when I felt a hand on my shoulder.

               I turned, it was April.  She look kind of sheepish.

               "Can you do me a favor, Billy?" she asked.













               I felt a  little  flush  of  heat  in  my  face.    Our last

          arguement had  contained a  little line  by her that said, "Fine,

          don't do me any favors!"  I fought back the urge to remind her of

          it.

               "I guess so."  I was somewhat of a push over.

               "I was  telling Ellen  about the falls up the mountain," she

          told me.

               "So?"

               "She went up there.  She didn't want  anyone to  come along.

          It's quite a hike, and she might get lost."

               "So,  you  want  me  to  catch  up  to her and make sure she

          doesn't," I said.

               "No!  I was  thinking about  you following  her, and  if she

          gets into any trouble, then you can help her."

               Boy, was I a push over.  I didn't like the idea of leaving a

          good party, just to follow some girl up a mountain.  I  picked up

          a pack  and through  a couple  of beers in it, and started up the

          trail.   I had  been to  the falls  before, and  I knew  it was a

          twenty minute hike.

               I was only a few minutes behind Ellen, and soon caught up to

          her.  I stay behind her, and of to the side of the trail, so that

          if she  looked back,  she wouldn't  see me.   I  tried to move as

          quietly as possible.

               The noon sun cut through the  trees, and  I stripped  off my

          shirt as I went.  My t-shirt was soaked with sweat.  I shoved the

          shirt in the bag.

               After awhile, Ellen reached the pools  at the  bottom of the













          falls.   I stayed  back in  the brush  and drank a beer while she

          walked around the pools and picked up rocks.  I could have killed

          April for sending me up here.

               For a  few moments,  Ellen studied  a rock,  then through it

          into the clear water.   This  was a  beautiful area,  and not too

          many people  knew about  it.  I watched Ellen as she took off her

          shoes.   She looked  into the  water, and  dipped her  foot.  The

          water must  have been  cold.   But, a  second later, she dove in,

          with all her clothes on.

               A few seconds passed, and she didn't come up, I was about to

          leave my  post and dive in after her, when suddenly she broke the

          surface, and took in a big gasp of air.  April was  really in for

          it.

               Ellen swam  around for  awhile, and then decided that it was

          time to get out  of the  water.   She pulled  herself out  of the

          water,  found  a  sunny  area  on  the  rock,  and lay down.  She

          shivered a few times, then sat up.

               For some reason, I knew what  was coming  next.   She pulled

          her  shirt  out,  unbuttoned  it,  and  took  it off.  She wasn't

          wearing a bra, and her tiny little breasts  matched the whiteness

          of the rest of her torso.  She sat back on her hands for a moment

          and let the sun shine down on the tiny mounds of her chest.

               Satisfied with the heat, she unbuttoned her jeans,  stood up

          and  slid  them  off,  leaving  just a pair of wet, white, cotton

          panties.  Again, she spread herself in the sun.

               With her back turned to me,  she bent  over and  gave me the

          best view  I had had so far.  Slowly, she pulled her panties off,













          to show me a small, white, round ass, with her  tiny brown haired

          muff  peeking  from  between  her  legs.  She stood straight, and

          stretched in the light, turned a little so  that I  could see the

          front of her.

               Her pussy  was didn't take up alot of area between her legs.

          Just a little bit  of brown,  curly hair  covered the  small "V".

          She had been hiding a nice little body under all those clothes.

               She stayed  in the  sun for a moment, then turned and walked

          into the woods.   Suddenly, her  little swim  and nude sunbathing

          turned into  a nudist fantasy.  I decided to follow her, but kept

          my distance.  After all, she might run into trouble.  Right?

               It was kind of easy keeping track of her as she walked naked

          through trees.   Then,  she was gone.  How had I lost her.  There

          was a small clearing just a few feet away, but  as I  walked into

          it, I still could not see her.

               As I  stood there,  about to feel panic, I got the feeling I

          was being watched.  I turned, and at the other end of  the meadow

          was Ellen.   She  was standing  with her hand lightly folded over

          her pussy.

               "I think  you're a  bit over  dressed, Billy,"  she said and

          began to walk towards me.

               I knew  exactly what she was talking about and pulled off my

          t-shirt.  She was close now, and reached  a hand  out and touched

          my chest.   I  cupped my  hand around one of her breasts.  It was

          firm, and the nipple was hard.  I looked into  her eyes,  and her

          hand wandered down and rubbed my crotch.

               "April said you could help me," she said.













               "With  what?"   I  asked,   still  not  believing  what  was

          happening.

               "Well, I've got these great, big fantasies, but,  I've never

          had  sex  with  a  man  before."   Her hand rubbed harder into my

          crotch.

               "Never?"

               "Well, I've been with  April before,  and we  like to finger

          each other, but it's not the same."

               This was  a revelation  to me.  April never came across as a

          bi-sexual type.  It's not that I don't  like bi-sexual  girls, in

          fact I'm  all for  it.  My first fuck was with my sister, and her

          girlfriend.   I just  didn't think  April was  into anything that

          kinky.

               "Maybe I can help," I said.

               Her fingers fumbled around my belt, and finally loosened it.

          She then unzipped my pants.  Her hand  pushed in  past my briefs,

          and her  fingers wandered  up and down the hard on that I had had

          for quite awhile.   Her  face  showed  her  inexperience,  as she

          looked surprised at what she was doing.

               She  pulled  her  hand  out,  and backed away, smiling.  She

          walked off about ten feet, then found a sunny place  to lay down.

          I pulled off my shoes and socks.  Then stripped my pants off, and

          threw them to the side.

               As I walked towards her, Ellen got to her knees, reached out

          her hand  and wrapped  her fingers around my cock.  For a moment,

          she just touched it.  She ran her fingers up and down  the shaft,

          and fingered  my balls.  She studied it intently.  Then noticed a













          tiny drop of jism on the tip.

               She moved closer and lightly  flicked  it  with  her tongue.

          She must have liked it, because she wrapped her tongue around the

          head of my dick, and then tried to swallow it.   For  a beginner,

          she was good.  She couldn't have learned this from April, because

          April wouldn't even think of going down on my cock.

               Ellen worked my cock over and over.  A couple of times I let

          her  think  I  was  getting  ready  to cum, and she got even more

          excited and worked even harder.  Before long, I cut  loose with a

          mighty jet of jism.  Some of it spilled out of her mouth, but she

          quickly brought it back in with her tongue.   She  fell back onto

          the grass  and smiled.   Her  hands fell to her cunt and began to

          furiously pump in and out.

               "Oh, I'm so horny," she said, "Help me?"

               I nodded, and knelt between her feet.  I displaced her hands

          with mine, and pushed my fingers in and out of her wet box.  It's

          own perfume drifted up and gave me new  energy.   I felt  my dick

          getting harder than before.

               "Eat me, please, eat me," she pleaded.  It was almost a cry.

               I didn't  waste anytime.  I moved down and plunged my tongue

          into her slit.  I pried  at  her  door,  but  is  was  tight, and

          something harder  would have  to open  it.  I flick and sucked at

          her clit  until she  was rocking  in the  grass.   She moaned and

          groaned, and  even sqealed  once or  twice.   This was  as much a

          treat for me as it was her.

               I pulled her legs further apart,  and pulled  them up  to my

          shoulders,  just  as  I  was  aiming my cock at her tight, virgin













          cunt, something at the edge of the meadow caught my attention.

               April was  sitting  on  a  large  rock.    Stark  naked, and

          fingering herself  madly.  There was another surprise.  She was a

          voyeur.  That wasn't going to stop me now.

               I turned my attention back towards the girl under me.

               "Fuck me, please.  Slide into me, Billy," she said.

               I did just that.  Her hole was tight, but it gave  under the

          gentle pressure  of my  rod.   This time she squealed, and almost

          screamed.  She threw  her whole  body into  the action.   I don't

          know who  was pumping  harder, me  or her, but I do know that her

          cunt was trying to swallow my dick whole.

               Just before she was about to  climax, I  pulled out  of her,

          and moved up her body.  I placed my dick between her tiny breasts

          and gave her the best tit fuck, I could.   She bent  her head up,

          and sucked  at the  head of  my cock,  and I  shot my load in her

          face.

               I heard a squeak come from the edge of the  meadow, and knew

          that April had cum, too.

               I climbed  of Ellen,  turned her over, and lifted her to her

          knees.  She looked back at me over her shoulder.  Her eyes showed

          her passion.   I  parted the lips of her cunt, and pushed my cock

          into her.  Slowly I began to pump into her,  and she  pumped back

          to me.  She was fuck crazy.

               It wasn't  before long  that she  was ready  to cum, and me,

          too.  I grabbed her ass cheeks and pulled them apart.   I slid my

          thumb  into  her  butt  hole  and  worked it back and forth.  Her

          frenzy became a whole  new experience  for me.   Then  wildly, we













          both came.

               We  collapsed  on  the  grass,  and  breathed  together  for

          sometime.  Then, April joined us, and we started all  over again.

          April surprised me again, and again.





















































