
                     One Sister's Introduction


Alice slowly crawled up next to Sue to snuggle.

"That was so wonderful, wasn't it?" see purred.

"Yes.  What we have been missing.  Never again."

They dozed peacefully for a long time.

Finally, Alice stirred, rolled over and stretched.  "You know, I'm hungry.
You stay here and I'll dig something up."
                                                                
She glanced at the clock on her way to the bathroom.  "Wow!  Do you know it
is after 3?  No wonder I'm starved."

Sue continued to nap with a satisfied smile on her face.  Her dreams were
wonderful.

She awoke when Alice returned.

"I ordered some Chinese carry out.  They'll deliver.  I couldn't see fixing
anything in the shape I'm in.  I'm going to take a shower. Toodle."

Sue rose and headed to the bathroom, too.  "Care if I accompany you?"

"OK, but no hanky-panky.  I don't know if I could stand any more."

"I could."

"You are a regular nymphomaniac, aren't you?"

"No, I just have a new, how shall I say it, 'toy.'  Why not take advantage
of a good thing?"

After a while Alice leaned over to turned on the water.  Sue couldn't
resist.

"Ooooohhhh." Alice cried.  "Don't do that.  At least wait until I get out.
Maybe we could fool around some more then."

Alice stepped in and lathered up.

"Do you need any help?"  Sue offered.  "I'd love to get in there with you."

Just as Sue finished her "chore" she glided over to the shower, intent on
joining.

"Ringggggg"

"Oh, there is the food.  I'll go get it, but watch out for when I return."
Sue warned.

She grabbed a robe and headed for her room and some money.  The bell kept
ringing impatiently.

"Hold your horses.  I'm coming."

By the time she reached the door the ringing had stopped.  She flung it
open in time to see the deliver boy just descending the steps.

"OK, I'm here."

He turned and headed back up the stairs.

"Duh, yur stuff is here, m'am.  $8.47, no checks, no credit."

She stood in the door way fumbling with her wallet.  It was a struggle to
search for money and keep her robe closed, but she managed.

"Oh, come on in.  I don't have enough with me," she said and turned around.

"I ain't supposed to go in houses, ma'm," he said sheepishly.
                                                                
"Well, I don't want to stand here with the door open, either come in or
leave."

"Well, uh, I cain't go back cuz I'ma going home, m'am.  The boss give me
sumpun extra if'n I take some stuff on the way home."
                                                              
"Then you aren't working.  Come on in," Sue commanded in frustration.

He stepped in, well, more like sidled in, like a crab.  Sue closed the door
and started to turned to leave to find some money, but turned back toward
the delivery boy.

"What's you name?"

"Uh, Sam, m'am."

"Don't I know you, Sam?  Don't you go to Jefferson?  And cut the 'm'am.'"

"No, m'am.  I go ta Hen'a'son Tech, m'am."

Sue, shrugged.  All she knew is that the dummies went there.  He sure did
act that way.  He wasn't a bad looking kid, a little older, kind of short,
not more than a few inches taller than Alice, and stocky, almost muscular,
but more like muscle-turned-flab.

Poor kid, she thought, "What does the boss give you for this extra
service?" she inquired off-handedly.

"Uh, he gives me a dedukshion, m'am."

Sue made a mental note to give him a generous tip and said, "Wait here,
I'll get the change."

A few minutes later she returned with the change.  Her robe had parted
slightly in her rush.  Sam's eyes dropped to ogle the elegant gams showing
through the gap.  His jaw dropped open and his eyeballs practically fell
out.
                                                                   
"Here's your money.  Keep the change," she said.

Sam didn't hear a word.

For a few moments Sue stood there holding out her hand with the money in
it. She continued to watching as a little drool dripped from the corner of
his mouth.  It was fascinating.  No one had ever leered at her before.  She
felt kind of good, sort of powerful.

She was just going to yell at the poor guy when she heard Alice coming.

"Where is the food?  I'm starving," Alice yelled.  All of that sexy stuff
made me ravenous."  It was obvious that Sue was blocking her view, so she
couldn't see Sam still standing there.

Sue saw Sam look up, at the new arrival.  Sam immediately began to, what
could only be called, pant.  He swallowed hard a few time and became very
agitated. Sue was puzzled, but it didn't occur to her to turn around as
something caught her eye.
                                                              
As Sam's confusion began his hands both dropped to his crotch.  One sort of
covered the other.  The other one immediately began to rub his fly.

"What are you standing there for, sis?  And where is the Chinese?" Alice
continued from somewhere behind Sue.

But now Sue was intrigued as she saw one leg of Sam's trousers begin to
move, then it sort of inflated.  Sam's jeans weren't real tight, but they
were tight enough for Sue to make out the distinct outline of an erecting
penis shooting down.  Sam, noticeably embarrassed, sort of hunched over,
like he had to go to the bathroom.  More drool followed the first few
strings.

"Sue, are you crazy?  Aren't you listening?"  Alice said and placed a hand
on Sue's shoulder.  Only then did she see Sam.

"Eeeeeeeeee.  Yowie!" she cried and turned to run.

"Stop, Alice, stop!"  Sue yell, as she quickly regained her lost composure.

"I don't have any clothes on," she yelled as she continued towards the
stairs.

"That's OK.  Come back here.  NOW!"

For a few minutes all was still.  Sue was still absorbed in watching the
growing excitement in front of her.  Sam was engrossed in watching the now-
frozen Alice, from the rear.  And Alice was paralyzed in mid-flight, one
foot on the stairs and one on the floor.
                                                             
Another command, issued at even high volume and intensity, brought Alice
around.  Her hands immediately took the classic positions of covering up
the exposed strategic areas.

She hurried back to Sue, huddling behind her robed sister.  Then both arms
went around Sue holding her close.

"You must be crazy, Sue.  Why did you want me back?  I'm naked?" she
hissed.

Again, silence prevailed for a few moments.  Sam's eyes were riveted on
what little he could see of Alice.

Then Sue said, quietly, "Alice, our friend Sam, here, has something very,
very interesting to show us.  Don't you, Sam?"

"Sam! . . . Sam! . . . SAM!"

"Uh, yessum.  What do you want, m'am."

"What are you trying to hide from us, young man.  I think after seeing my
sister naked, you should show us what you are trying to hide."

Alice whispered, "What are you talking about?  This doesn't sound like
you."

"Alice, Sam, from Henderson, here, is trying to hide something in his
pants. Obviously he thinks he should be ashamed of it, but we don't think
so, do we, sis?  Do we!"

"No, no, of course not," she replied, dutifuly obedient.

Then Alice peered over Sue's shoulder, down to where Sue was pointing.  She
was pointing at that still growing bulge in Sam's pant leg.
                                                                    
Alice's mind raced.  The only possible conclusion she could come to was
that Sue wanted to see Sam's cock.  The guy sure didn't look dangerous, but
this situation sure was getting that way.  Then a bell rang.  She
remembered reading about Sam in the local paper.  There  was a big scandal.
He had been committed as an infant and been cruelly treated by the state.
Within the past few weeks he had been released and was doing very well.
The article had said over and over that he was just a little kid mentally
and that he was very gentle.  But, this could backfire.

"Do you really think we should, Sue?"
                                            
"Ya'.  What better chance will we have.  He's OK.  We'll let him go in a
few minutes."

"I'd kind of like to see it myself.  Let's try it.  It's two against one,
anyway."

At that she slowly dropped her arms from Sue and moved out from behind.
Then when she was right next to her, she stepped back a step, more in
self-defense, and said, "Look, Sam.  I'm not covering anything up.  Why
should you?"

The spital fairly gushed from the parted lips.  His tongue protruded nearly
an inch as his breathing got heavier.

"Sam.  I'm speaking to you.  SAM!"  Alice braved.
                                      
That seemed to do it.  Sam's eyes dropped to the floor, but his hands
stayed put.

"Come on, Sam.  Just drop your pants.  Why don't you just unbutton your fly
for Alice.  Don't you want to please her?  She would be very happy."
                                                                         
Slowly, very slowly, Sam moved one hand up to reach the top button of his
jeans.  It must have taken him over a minute to do it, but eventually it
fell open.
                                                                 
Sue could hear Alice's breathing steadily increase, just about in time with
her own.  "He's going to do," she whispered out of the corner of her mouth.
"Oh, boy."
                                                                 
"Now the zipper, Sam.  If you don't hurry, I'll have to help you."

He seemed to respond to that suggestion and quickly unzipped his fly. They
both expected his jeans to fall down, but obviously he was going to have to
push them down.

"Don't stop now, Sam.  You must push them down."

Slowly, he pushed them down.  Once past his briefs the girls gasped as they
saw his penis actually protrude out one leg and down into his pant's leg.

"Hurry, Sam."
                                                                   
He leaned over and pushed them completely off, then slowly stood up again
with his hands at his sides.

There he stood, his feet surrounded by his limp jeans, standing very erect
with a humongous cock striving to bolt upright, but being thwarted by his
under pants.

"Ok, Sam.  Now your undies."
                                                                  
Sam responded as fast as he could but he had much difficulty holding his
enormous prick down while he tried to extract his underwear.  But finally
he got them down, too.

There he stood, clad from the waist up, standing at attention with his
drawers at his feet, with the most magnificent penis pulsing proudly
straight out before him.  The awe in their eyes was readily apparent, and
this from the viewpoint of kids who have seen only the grotesque monsters
usually seen in low-grade porn videos.  At this point in there lives they
had not savored the real ones, six or so by an inch and a half or so.  To
them, an eight-incher was not unusual.
                                                                    
But Sam was like nothing they had ever seem.  It approached a full foot
long and easily three inches across in the middle.  The ruby head formed
the most delightful crown peaking warily through the uncircumcised collar
of foreskin. And it was so rigid.  It seemed to twitch every few second.
The penile skin hugged the staff so tautly that it shone in the glare of
the sun shining through the window.  Light blue veins wriggled across the
unblemished surface forming exciting knots all along the smooth contours of
the erectile creature.

Now it was the girls turn to have their jaws drop open and slaver lavishly
in astonishment.  In unison, they whispered, "My god!"

No one knows how long they all stood dumbly.  In the interim, I'll review
the scene.  Sue, a comely lass, clad in a drooping robe parted in the
middle, and Alice, a slim, sensuously alluring virgin, lusciously au
naturel, each stood with jaw agape and eyes riveted to Sam's glorious and
splendid erect manhood throbbing.  And Sam, dim witted as ever, stood at as
rigid attention as his newly freed penis, also agape, leered at the
succulent and exposed Venuses.

When any viewers patience would have been exceeded many-fold, Alice
sluggish moved forward, first one step, than another.  Then another, until
she was within an arms reach of that "thing."  As if in slow motion, she
reached up and out towards the monstrosity.

Without speaking a word, she extended one graceful digit and placed it upon
the wand.  For a few moments she rode on top of it as it danced up and
down. Then another finger extended and rested next to the first, then
another and another.  They rested there for a few more moments before they
slowly and sensually traced along the taunt upper surface from the middle
to the base and then towards the glans.  Then they flowed over the exposed
glans creeping next to the foreskin, gentle slipping it back, watching the
shiny moistness glisten in the suns rays.  Then even further forward to the
gaping entrance to the urethra.
                                                                   
As she finished tracing the glans around she ran her hand down to check out
the loosely hanging testicles.  They hung nearly six inches below the ever-
present and attentive dick, in a soft, loose bag of skin.  She had never
felt balls before, so it was a puzzle when she had trouble grasping them.
They felt like tennis balls made of gelatin.  They were pliable and soft,
yet turgid, exciting, for what they possessed.

Sam was frozen in time, except for the heavy breathing, the heaving of his
chest in time to the quivering of his manhood.

Then Alice allowed her tiny hand to close around that stallion.  Or at
least she tried, for she still had half way to go.  Her other hand then
joined the first and together they retraced the initial explorations, again
stopping just behind the retracted foreskin.  Together, both hands barely
encircled the surging cock.

She hesitated only a second.  Then squeezed firmly and said, "Come, Sam."
                                                                 
She pivoted daintily towards the stairs, virtually dragging the reluctant
Sam by the lead.  He stumbled trying to step out of his clothes, almost
causing Alice to lose her grip, so perilous was it.  But he recovered and
followed obediently.
                                                          
They were a few steps past Sue, when she recovered and cried, "Alice. You
can't do it."

"Like hell I can't.  You can stay here, if you like, or you can come up and
watch.  I watched you before.  I suggest you watch me now."

Sue needed no more argument.  She bounded after the fleeing pair.

At the bedroom door, Sam balked, but Alice persisted.  Now, she had the
upper hand.

Alice backed into the room pulling her diffident stud with both hands. At
the edge of the bed she continued to pull him forward.  She sat back,
pulling him to the very edge.  Apparently there would be no trouble getting
him on the bed for as she scooted her hips back and spread her legs and
tugged, he raised a knee and placed in on the edge.  The other followed.
He followed her further like a puppy dog, but this was no Oscar, no siree.
                                                               
Alice's breathing was more quick gasps.  Her chest heaved causing her
budding breasts to swell.  Her nipples appeared painfully erect, striving
to join the foray.
                                                                      
When they were safely ensconced on the bed, Alice licked her lips and said,
"Sam, this is it.  I have never had a man.  Have you ever done this
before?"

A furious head shake was the only response.
                                                                
She lay back down, not releasing her grip, until Sam could barely stay on
his knees.  Once close to toppling over on the young girl he resisted.  In
a flash Alice reached up her lithe legs to encircle his waist, keeping her
shoulders on the mattress and keeping her grip on that flailing staff.
                                                                    
It took her no more than a few seconds to scrunch herself into position so
that the upraised stalk was pointed at her delicate genitals.  With all her
available strength she pulled his penis down and slowly clasped her legs
tighter around his loins until the huge glans was nestled between her moist
and awaiting labia.  For a second she lost her grip and the stanchion flew
up vibrating free.  As it escaped it ran past her small erect and
projecting clitoris.  A shock coursed through her trembling body.  With the
wild fires burning ever more fiercely, she grasped the elephant again and
returned it to it rightful place.

A quick squeeze of her legs lodged Sam up against the willing, but unable,
opening.  The twinge she had felt when his cock had crossed her clitoris
was such a delightful thing, she couldn't resist trying it again.

Taking great care to be sure she didn't lose her grip again she relaxed her
legs and allowed his stiff penis to slip juicily up until it was right on
the blossom.  She held it there allowing the amazing quiver of it massage
it. It seemed to have a life of its own, but it also took orders well.  She
found she could even force her little bud right into his opening.

The sensations were beyond her endurance.  With a cry of delight she flung
her tousled head back onto the mattress gasping in fierce, yet exquisite,
delight.
                                                                        
Sue started, when she saw the spectacle in fear that Alice was in pain, but
she thought better and just stood by the bed engrossed in the erotic scene.

Sam still was frozen in fear at his feelings and just knelt stiff in body,
as well as cock.  Alice's slim hips had begun an extremely sensual grind
around the captive pole, each revolution carrying her higher and higher in
her ecstacy.

She surely would have been satisfied being allowed to orgasm in this
manner, but Sue, who could not have know the utter joy that Alice felt,
could not stand seeing the poised penis still not enveloped.  She just
assumed that since Oscar had penetrated her, so should Sam penetrate Alice.
So she imprudently reached in to assist.  For a few minutes she stroked the
glistening stave as it oozed over Alice's delicate pink labia.  Neither of
the other parties seemed to notice or care that an intruder had arrived on
the scene.

Then with a big sigh of envy she placed her whole hand on the fiery stalk
and tried to push it downwards toward the yearning entrance to Alice.  She
found that it would take a great deal of force, so she had to come close to
Sam and lean around him.
                                                                   
Sue's robe had fallen open long ago and she had entertained herself with
manual stimulation during much of the preceding.  So when she leaned
against Sam it was with her bare, warm flesh pressed against his side,
still covered with a shirt.
                                                                           
The touch of this supple flesh startled Sam, who up until this time had
clamped his eyes tightly closed.  One instant of seeing this lovely face
near his, the softly parted lips breathing in the heights of passion, the
naked breast pressed hard against him, that tiny little hand resting on his
swollen manhood, caused him to groan and squirm in utter agony.

Alice at once thought he was trying to get away and pulled even harder on
him. These slight perturbations caused Sam to lose his balance and he
started to fall forwards.  Alice's legs propelled his and Sue's closeness
prevented him from recovering.

Over he went.  The only thing preventing him from falling full length on
Alice was his steel post, tightly engaged at the opening of Alice's
love-cave. For an instant he just slowly fell over.  Until Alice's raised
hips landed on the bed.  But Sam kept coming.  The full weight of Sam's
stocky body crashed down on that sturdy cock.

With a cry that would have brought dread to the most hard-hearted, Alice
tried to absorb his enormous cock in one earth-splitting stroke.  She
should have been rent from stem to stern, but nature allowed Sam to
penetrate several inches, absorbing a great deal of the energy.

Sue screamed in sympathy and began trying to throw Sam off of her
grievously attacked sister.  Alice's hands, so long preoccupied with
capturing Sam's cock, now flew up to also try and extricate Sam.  And she
threw her legs off from their embrace.  But something had snapped inside
the poor devil.  No mere mortal could keep him from his allotted task now.
He had tasted the honey of passion and wanted to be slaked.  He dug in to
the immediate job at hand.

One arm flung Sue aside like a yelping puppy.  Then both reached down to
grasp the luscious orbs of Alice's derriere.  With a strength he could
never have realized he possessed, he pulled himself closer to the goal
before him. Another cry bubbled from the prone virgin.
                                                                             
His hips then pulled back an inch or so, allowing the glans to gather some
of that lovely oily slaver so richly coating every crevice and cranny in
that delicious haven.  Then he plunged forward once again. The cry elicited
this time was less that the first two.

Again he withdrew a short way.  From across the bed where she had landed,
Sue could see the sheen covering the first few inches of that mammoth penis
as it slurped out, nearly escaping its tight confines.

Then he rammed home again.  Alice's response was more a groan that a cry
this time, although her arms still were extended to hold this monster away.
Her face, contorted in a mixture of agony and ecstacy turned towards Sue.
For an instant, when Sam withdrew this time, Sue saw a flutter from Alice,
then a brief smile, before the battering ram once again delved deep into
her.

A wail of dismay came from Sue as she looked again and saw that about eight
inches of this horribly gargantuan organ still showed from between those
racked labial lips.

Then an improbable thing happened.  To her utter amazement, Sue saw Alice's
out-stretched arms extend around Sam.  Her legs slid up and bent at the
knees next to Sam's heaving body, but they did not return to their original
position.  And she hear an indistinct gurgling from the lips of her sister.

As Sam's desperately thrusting body increased in pitch and magnitude, Sue
detected a returning of the motion by Alice and grunts and groans of what
could only be described as delight coming from her sister.

Sue's concern about Alice's safety were relieved when she finally saw Sue's
lovely slim legs rise over Sam's thrusting rear and lock around his
churning haunches.

Sue could only guess that what pain might have existed a few moments before
was now gone.  All Alice could feel; was the delicious warm, firm stroking
of a gigantic thing inside of her.  She had so longed to have this part of
her entered and savored, and now it was.  She cared not that Sam's face was
screwed up in horrible determination, not love, for she couldn't see it.
All she knew was that someone was reaching far inside of her, to her most
innermost, deep and private place, the place she dreamed of exploring
herself, but would never be able to do.  She felt fulfilled.

Sue, though utterly fascinated by the goings on before her, had finally
come to the realization that Alice was indeed enjoying herself.  Knowing
that she was simply a bystander in this erotic play did not sit well with
her.  Her hands absently wandered over her budding breasts, playing
casually with her tiny, erect nipples.  While the heated action gained in
intensity before her one hand crept down her lithe body, past her flat
stomach and abdomen towards her genitals, radiating erotic sensations.  The
other cautiously reached out to the struggling couple.

The space between the sweating bodies was obviously dangerous so she just
watched in awe, but she let her hand slip around behind Sam's flailing
hips. She reached up underneath searching for something.  She had wanted to
again feel that awful manhood for herself, but instead she encountered the
pendulous testicles dancing back and forth trying in vain to keep up with
the pumping hips, but always they seemed to lag behind. She reached out to
explore these wondrous creatures that seemed to have a life of their own.

No sooner had she began fondling these shy beings than an unearthly moan
began, growing steadily louder and louder.

Sue felt the testicles contract and Alice felt the initial shot of semen
destined to penetrate her very soul.  A hot searing flood followed.  Not
quite having reached her climax, Alice could only strive to climb the last
few yards as he just kept cumming and cumming.  Neither girls quite knew
what to expect, but somehow they both suspected that they were witnessing a
phenomena seldom seen or felt.

For over three minutes Sam poured forth inside of Alice, totally oblivious
to Alice's unsatiated actions or Sue's wonder and wanderings.  Poor Alice
was in desperate straits for she could begin to feel herself slide off of
the mountain, back down towards the dreary real world.  Not even this
outpouring could nudge her over the edge.  She tried to reinitiate the
ferocious bucking of her hips and the delicious gliding and sliding of that
wondrous shaft in her vagina, to no avail.

After his momentous flood any interested viewer would have expected Sam to
pull out, and smugly light up a cigarette the way guys do.  But apparently
he wasn't quite through yet.

He was still enlodged inside Alice and he was still as hard as steel.
Suddenly, with a grunt of satisfaction he began his ministerings again.
The stallion was going to take Alice for another ride!
                                                                       
With utter elation Alice grasped him around the neck again, re-clutched his
full loins and welcomed another onslaught.  He started gently, with short
strokes.  Alice tried to extract him on his up stroke so he would have
momentum on his down, but didn't succeed.  He just withdrew a short ways
and slid back to the same place he has erupted.

He appeared to display no frustration at only being able to invade a few
inches.  But his still pulsing penis seemed eager and ready to fully
penetrate Alice's body.  Steadily his horse-stabs grew longer.  The added
lubrication of his prolific ejaculation, finally assisting the eager
couple.

Sam seemed to pour his whole being into each monstrous stab now, and Alice
slowly, juicily and with obvious relish, absorbed more and more of the
incredible staff.  His plunges had met her involuntary resistance before,
but she was slowly opening up allowing this gargantuan thing to delve
further toward her soul.  The wild, flailing thrusts were rewarded with the
delicious, lubricated sliding of that gorgeous vein-studded, flaming penis
in her creamy pink vagina.
                                                                 
Alice shrieked with pleasure every time the huge flaming cock thrust into
her. She squealed and murmur, urging the boy on, and them she started to
pant.  It was as if she couldn't get enough air.

This superb stallion found renewed energy somewhere and gave a cry of
pleasure, redoubled his efforts.  As the fantastic, scintillating penis
slipped deeper into her, she arched her back and groaned, "My god!"  Over
and over he drove his glorious penis deeper and with each stroke both
grunted in unison.  As his strokes approached ten inches in length the
penetration by his spectacular organ was very nearly complete.

It was the final lunge at the end of a superb eight inch stroke that did
the trick.  Both emitted muffled cries when that immense penis finally
thrust home.  Together, they froze in seemingly amazement.  Alice just had
time to catch her breath when he began again.  Again he filled her to the
hilt.
                                                                  
As his long, stiff bull penis slid into Alice's wanton body, her eyes got
big and bright.  She gasped sharply and groaned, "Oh, God! It's in. He's in
me. Oh, God!".

And then, with a huge flash, the world exploded.  With one magnificent
plunge Sam came with a heart-wrenching shriek.  Alice's response was far
from muffled.  As he struggled to unload another gigantic wad into her, her
whole body stiffened and she went into a spasmodic orgasm.  His testicles
boiled up and erupted their contents inside of her until she could
practically taste it. All Alice know is that his hot sticky semen continued
to spew and spurt inside of her for what seemed like eternity.

                             Chapter 2

Unfortunately, after no more than a few moments, Sam regained contact with
the real world and practically tore himself out of Alice and bolted upright
with little regard for the gentle, giving creature beneath him.  He, no
doubt would have regained his feet and ran out of the room, but for two
things DD his enormous cock was still rigidly at attention, he never could
have managed his pants over that thing, and Sue was aroused.  The former
did not enter his mind as he was struggling up, but the latter performed a
open field tackle that would have been the envy of any NFL defenseman.

The next anyone knew is that Sam was sprawled on his back on the quaking
bed and Sue was lying full length on top of him beginning to plant a
tonsillectomy-kiss on the stricken boy. Alice lay spent next to the
engrossed pair.

He was gasping and Sue was panting.  They were both drenched with
perspiration, which made their bodies all slippery against each other.

When Sue finally felt a positive response from Sam, that is, his struggling
to break free finally petered out, she quickly got up off of him and sort
of spun around on his stomach until she was facing that marvelous penis
before her.

A slight string of drool escaped Sue's lips as she bent over his erect cock
glistening in the light.  Slowly she reached out, scarcely daring to touch
it. She was fascinated by this bulging, hard stick, that pointed straight
up.  As she stared intently at his tool, she stopping just short of
grabbing it.
                                                                   
Her eyes drop down to take in that funny lose sack that dangled between his
legs and rested on the bed.  Gently, she reached down and picked up his
testicles, exploring each new wonder.  After she had investigated each fold
and lump, she eagerly allowed her hands to find and lock themselves around
the base of his slowly throbbing penis.  While still holding firmly with
one hand, maybe to keep it from getting away, her other hand began a
miraculous journey up the craggy sides, following fascinatingly a distended
vein until it disappeared just beneath the base of his foreskin.  As she
continued up she squealed with delight as she found that his foreskin
moved.  Slowly she retracted it on its moist tracks until the flaming glans
was revealed in all of its glory.  Her other hand was fascinated by every
pulse in his body each bringing a new surge of blood to enlarge his organ.

Slowly she leaned over and sought to run her tongue over his stiff staff.
She found the taste of Alice still clinging to it delightfully sensuous.
When she was about half way up his erection she heard Sam moan and felt his
hips begin a rhythmic pattern up and down on the soft bed.  In just a short
time his movement reached a fanatical pace.  She had to hang on to keep
from being bucked off.

She stopped in awe at what was before her.  Then, in open mouthed
amazement, Sam's wad shot up, nearly hitting the ceiling.  Then another
gigantic shot surged upwards.  For the longest time Sue and Alice watched
this magnificent performance, each succeeding ejaculation slightly less
then the preceding one, until only a little oozed from him and ran down his
proudly waving shillelagh.

Only one thing disappointed the girls, and that was that Sam was unable or
unwilling to do anything but lie there inertly, while Sue relieved Sam.

When the ejaculations had finally subsided, Sue twisted around until once
again she straddled his stomach and faced the lucky boy lying there.
                                                                    
"Have you ever been inside a girl before?  Before Alice, that is?"  she
asked him.  He shook his head.  She reached back and found his cock, still
hard and hot and throbbing just behind her.  She leaned back a bit so she
could feel it press into the separation of her derriere.  Sam groaned a
little bit at the contact.
                                                              
Sue leaned forward onto him and gave him a big, wet kiss right on  the
lips. Her tongue reached out and forced its way between his clinched lips.
Almost reluctantly his hands came up to roughly stroke her back.  Then they
slid down and squeezed her so squeezable rear.

Wordlessly, she knelt up and moved back, then crouched over him.  His dick
was stiffly erect, straining at about a forty-five degree angle from his
abdomen. Reaching back, she grabbed his prick with one hand and lowered
herself till it was against her awaiting labia, which was blood-swollen,
incredibly moist, exquisitely sensitive and begging for attention.

With a massive effort she forced herself down upon that magnificent
elephantine cock.  If it were not for the combination of Sam's intact
foreskin and Alice's residual juices and his semen, liberally released just
minutes before, thoroughly coating his cock and Sue's own self-preparation
the effort might have been impossible.  As it was, only his glans had
entered that delightful and inviting cave after several minutes of fierce
straining.

Dogged determination and Sue's sheer weight forced more inside of her,
until maybe a third of him was inside her.
                                                                          
Sue paused.  Under the urging of Alice, now along side the laboring couple
cheering them on, she tried to relax.
                                                              
"Stop, Sue.  Just stop and imagine yourself opening up.  Imagine that
beautiful cock filling your whole being.  Close your eyes and pretend that
it is someone else.  Pretend it is me trying to work up inside of you.
Relax and let me in, Sue.  Relax."
                                                                      
After a few minutes of silence, punctuated only by a quiet groaning from
the boy under her, and motionlessness, except for his continuing efforts,
Sue took a deep breath.  She held it for a moment and let it out,
whispering, "Come in, Alice.  I am waiting for you.  Come into me, my
love."
                                                           
At that Alice leaned over and planted a moist kiss on Sue's lips.  She
would have held it for a long time, but she felt Sue's body go rigid as she
withdrew from Sam.  She pulled herself completely off of him.

With her weight off of him, Sam's hips began bouncing up and down on the
bed like a pile driver.  He would never have found his haven again if Alice
had not reached down and grasped that stupendous prick in her hands.  With
all of her strength she tried to hold it steady, resisting the temptation
to fondle it again.
                                                                        
"Now, Sue.  Now lower yourself back down.  I'll hold him still."

She quickly engaged that engorged cock and eased herself down slowly
enveloping the raging bull.  This time he slipped in half way.  With a
gigantic sigh, Sue withdrew again and quickly pressed down again.  He
slipped in further.  Several more times she pulled him out and slid back
over him until finally she sank down until he was nearly all the way in.
                                                          
"Aaaarrrrgggg.  That feels so good, Alice.  Now, move around in me."
                                                            
The feeling of his dick sliding inside of her was like having a long-time
itch scratched.  His prick had spread and opened her, filling a void that
somehow she hadn't even known existed, until then.

She moved her slender hips in time with her emotions while his hips rammed
that stiff, throbbing cock up, relentlessly up, at a feverish pace, with no
consideration for her needs or desires.

She could feel him spasm as she continued to press down as hard as I could
on him and feel his cock sliding in and out of her.  A low animal growl
began in her abdomen and rose in pitch and volume as her orgasm soared in
her. She made no effort to keep quiet.

But long before she had played out, the thoughtless boy beneath her had
exploded with a grotesque grunt and sent yet another surge of semen
coursing though his vas, destined for the holy place.  It shot out, bolt
after amazing bolt.  It not only entered Sue, it permeated every nook and
cranny of her delightful vaginal cavity.  All she knew was the shattering,
shredding pleasure ripping through her passionate little body.  His dick
swelled inside her and throbbed and jerked for a few minutes.
                                                                     
Sue toiled to reach the pinnacle of her orgasm by continuing to move her
hips around Sam.  But he grabbed her and pulled her down on him, holding
her motionless.
                                                          
For a time they lay there, Sue sprawled across Sam contacting as much of
his body as she could.  Unfortunately, in his tight clutches, all she could
do was keep twitching her hips and rolling a little, as his spent penis
finally shrunk and collapsed.  A thick mixture of juices, his and her's,
seeped out of her vagina.

Alice had one hand busily at work on herself trying to catch up with Sue,
the other toying with Sam's flagging balls.  Alice, sensing her sister's
unsatiated anguish, groaned in disappointment at the turn of events.
                                                                     
Could that have been what finally "awoke" the boy?  Because with no warning
he suddenly and ruthlessly threw the poor, unslaked girl off of him like a
rag doll and hurled himself off the bed.  In a flash he ran down the
stairs, hurriedly put on his clothes and bolted out the door.
 
                             Chapter 3

For a moment Sue lay there kind of in a stupor, the slimy oozings still
extruding from her now empty vagina.

Alice leaned over to look at her.  She smiled seeing her laying there, her
flawless breasts still heaving, and a near-gratified look on her lovely
flushed face.  As a matter of fact, Sue's entire body was blushing a deep
glowing pink.

"Did you like it, Sue?"

"Yah, I've forgotten the beginning, and the end, thank goodness.  That
wasn't too great.  Don't men have any consideration at all?  I have the
distinct feeling that he wouldn't have done anything differently if I had
been a plastic dummy.  He was so intent on satisfying himself that nothing
else mattered.  The fact that he might give me pleasure never entered his
mind. Most of the time, at least until the very end, I really enjoyed what
I was doing to him.  That made me feel even better.  I never detected any
response from that guy except an urge to squirt.  Do you suppose I was
mistaken?"

"I don't know.  It seemed like that to me also, but then I didn't care
much. It felt nice having that great big thing inside of you, didn't it?
Did it hurt you?  And what did it feel like to you when he squirted?  It
sure hurt when he jammed it in me the first time, but that feeling went
away.  It sure felt good having him move around inside.  I have always
dreamed about going in myself.  Doesn't that seem kinky?"
                                           
"No.  I guess we have no secrets anymore, do we?"

Before Alice could agree they heard the door bell again.

"Damn, do you suppose Sam is back?" Alice laughed.
                                                                  
Sue didn't, but she hopped off the bed and groaned, "What time is it? Don't
you remember we were doubling with Ken and Sean this evening?"  A quick
glance at the clock radio confirmed her worst fears.

"Let's ignore it.  They'll go away," she continued.

"No, we can't do that.  They're nice guys.  I'll go down and let them in.
They can watch TV while we get ready."

"But I don't want them here.  I am still high from that darned Sam running
away too soon.  I want to make love to you, Alice."

"You get ready, Sue.  Leave everything to me," Alice said over her shoulder
as she ran out of the room pulling on her robe at the same time.

The door bell was still ringing as she opened it, breathing heavily from
the exertion, and maybe something else, who knows.

"Hi, Sean.  Hi, Ken.  Sorry, to make you wait.  You know how girls are.
You'll have to come in and entertain yourself while we get ready.  Hope you
don't mind."

"Hi, Alice."

"Hiya.  No, we don't mind."

The boys were nice clean-cut American teens from the upper crust. Neither
would win any beauty or body-builder contests, but both were good athletes
at their school.  The girls had been "going" with them for about a year
now. Nothing serious, except to them.  The boys had tried to fool around
with them, but it never amounted to more than some mild french kissing and
heavy breathing.  Clearly, the boys were not as "worldly" as they would
like you to believe.  But they were nice kids.
                                                                          
"Say, who was that guy we saw running away from here?  It looked like he
was still putting on his clothes."

"Don't know about that, but he was just delivering some Chinese stuff. Here
it is.  There's enough for all.  Help yourself."

As Alice pointed towards the food on the table next to the door, lonely and
forgotten, her robe fell open revealing not only her lovely slim legs, but
that delicious triangle where they met.  Ken, her date, did a double take,
but Sean had not seen.

Alice turned to leave the boys, revealing even more in her wake, when Ken,
the older and dominant one, burst out, "Alice, wait a minute."

"Yeh?"  and stopped.

"Uh...  Hey, Sean.  Could you go out...  Just a minute," and went over to
whisper something in his ear.

After a moment, he muttered, unconvincingly, "Oh, darn, I forgot something.
I've got to run home and get something.  "I'll be right back."
                                                    
"Sure, take your time.  Sue will probably need an half hour to shower,
etcetera.
                     
"What did you want, Ken?"
                                                              
"Well, I...  Uh..." he stammered, until Sean had shut the door.

"I just thought you looked so beautiful I wanted to kiss you," and rushed
over to the young girl, still sporting an open robe.
                                                         
He grabbed her roughly around the waist and drew her to him tightly.  His
kiss was strangely urgent, Alice thought, but when she felt his cold belt
buckle against her bare flesh, she knew why.
                                                                         
She struggled to escape his grasp, but strangely enough she didn't struggle
very hard.  She was no match for Ken, but she knew that he would obey her
orders, if she should choose to give them.
                                                                 
"Oh, Alice, I love you," he whimpered, gasping for breath.  He pulled back
to look into her eyes, trying to sense her feelings.

"Ken, I like you, too, but don't be so rough.  You don't hurt someone you
love, do you?"

That took him back.  He released her and stepped back, expecting Alice to
back away.

Alice hesitated for a long time staring into his brown, puppy-like eyes,
before she move close to him again.  This time she did the kissing.

For an instant, he seemed to crumple.  It took all of her strength to hold
him up.  She was sure he had fainted.

Then she pulls away again and sits down on the couch.
                                                                
"Here, Ken, you better sit down, too."

With obvious relief he plops down and grabs Alice, practically climbing on
her trying to kiss her again.

"Back off, Ken.  We've plenty of time.  Here let's get your clothes off."

Ken, caught up in the whirlwind of new emotions and experiences, hurriedly
disengages himself and tears his clothes off, babbling all the while that
Sean is going to be back and Sue will come down and Alice's parents will
barge in.
                                                                            
Alice tries to reassure him that nothing will happen as Sue sloughed off
her robe.

"Relax, big guy.  You'll hurt me if you're too rough."

With his clothes off, he is even more impatient.  He roughly gropes for her
breasts.  Alice is practically stretched out on the sofa trying to stay the
impulsive boy.
                                                                    
When his crude hands finally find her delicate nipples and squeeze them she
cries in pain and musters enough force to throw him off the edge of the
sofa.
                                                                  
"Now you stay there until you can be gentle, Ken.  This has gone too far.
You aren't going to rape me and that's that."

That seemed to calm the boy.  He just sort of sat there next to the Alice
as she rolled over so her back was facing him.

Finally, marshalling his courage Ken moves up and lies quietly against
Alice, close, pressing his chest against her back, cradling her body.  It
was a nice touch.  Only when he was sure he was not being rebuffed did he
reached around her to cup her small, girlish breasts in his hands, stroking
and massaging them, gently this time, feeling her nipples erect.  Then he
moved his hand down toward her groin, pressing into the soft hairs, against
the mons and stroking gently, too.

She responded by pushing her buttocks back against him, parting her legs in
the process, raising her leg and lazily resting it on his hip.  Then, in an
assertive way, she reached between her legs and took his cock, now fully
erect, in her hand, guiding it to, but not into, her.  She slowly moves his
penis around between her legs, rubbing it in a slow, circular motion
against her labia.  Not being able to reach her clitoris, she titillates it
with her own hand and continues to work Ken into her fluid labia.

When he shifted his position slightly in an obvious effort to slide himself
into her, she pushed the shaft back, then whispered, "Uh-uh.  Not there.  I
want you somewhere else."  Why not all sorts of first today, she thought.

As she was relishing these thoughts, she reaches down further and places
the head of his cock right in the middle of her anus, then rubbed it back
and forth across the opening.

"But I want to fuck you, Alice,"  Ken protests.

"Just do it.  I want to feel your cock inside my ass," she said softly. She
rubbed the glans a few more times against the opening.  "Mmm, Ken, I want
it deep inside my ass."
                                                                          
After some moments of flailing around it was clear that his inexperience
combined with their difficult position would get them nowhere so she said,
"Ken, get up for a second."

When he reluctantly had stood up she slipped her lovely legs off of the
sofa until she was kneeling on the floor.  She turned around for just an
instant to glance at his erect penis standing before him.  She leaned over,
planted a kiss on the tip of it and whispered, "Enjoy yourself, my friend."

The she turned back leaning down so her upper body was resting on the seat.

"Now kneel down and have at it."
                                                                
He scrunched down and grabbed his cock with one hand and placed the other
on her lovely ivory tail quivering before him.  He placed the head of his
cock against the pooching rosebud and pressed.

"Not too hard, now, Ken.  I haven't done this before."

"God, neither have I," he grunted in a panic, finally realizing what was
before him.

Even though his cock was already greased from being rubbed between her
moist labia lips his strenuous pushing and probing could not gain him
entrance.

Alice reached under herself and grasped the rock-hard cock, pressing it
against the very center of it.  "Now push hard.  Push real hard."
                                                                 
Ken grabbed her upper thighs and slowly pulled themselves together. Slowly,
ever so slowly, the glans spread the lips apart overcoming the sphincter.
Alice cried in pain and stiffened.

"Am I hurting you?"

"A little," she replied, punctuated by a gasp of breath.  "But oh, it feels
so good!  Don't stop.

"Slowly.  Work it in slowly."  She shifted her hips slightly to accommodate
the unaccustomed presence of something inside her rectum.

"Maybe it would help if you rubbed my breasts some more."

He stopped his straining and reached under her groping for her luscious
bosoms.  Quickly, he found them and massaged them as best he could in his
excitement.  At the same time he leaned over and snuggled against her,
burying his face in her sweet-smelling tresses.  Then he softly kissed the
nape of her neck.

"I can't believe how good this feels for me, Alice."

"Are you in all the way?" she gasped.  "I feel like I've been split in
two!"
                                                                 
"Just a little more," he replied as he pressed forward some more.  When he
moved it felt like he was in a vise as her sphincter muscle spasmed.

Then with a lunge, he was buried.  Fire rippled along her nerves and she
moaned out loud.  She babbled, twisting her ass against him, feeling his
body up against her buttocks as tight as he could get.
                                                                      
The boy was a captive of his urges and her body now.  His hips jabbed in
and out of her uncontrollably.

"Oh, it's so hot!  So good!" he mumbled, thrusting into her.

He was having trouble keeping his balance, she was churning so, but he
valiantly humped on, never missing a stroke.

He continued kneading her breasts, kissed her neck and shoulders while his
stiff phallus slowly entered and withdrew from her.  He knew the entry had
been somewhat painful for her, but he had long since forgotten that in
light of the exquisite thrills associated with the current state of
affairs.  The walls of her rectum were warm and smooth against his cock.
From time to time, she contracted her anus around the sheathed sword, each
time sending a chill up his spine.

The anal contractions were having a tremendous effect on the boy.  "I'm
going to come.  I feel close already."

"No! Please, don't come yet!  You just put it in, you haven't really got me
up yet.  Can you hold off?"

"I'll try.  I can't tell you how good it feels!"

Another luscious contraction proved to be overwhelming.

"Ohhh, I'm cumming for sure, now," he pleaded.

"No, you won't.  If you do, I'll never let you do this again!"
                                                                 
But, alas, he could do nothing. He shuddered and shot into her bowels,
filling her rectum with his seminal fluids.

"Oh ... I'm cummingggggg!!!" he screeched, forgetting everything, but the
fantastic sensation.  His many amateurish masturbatory attempts were
nothing like this.  Her ass sucked at his prick, squeezing it like a vise,
and he filled it with himself.
                                                                    
Within moments he had spent himself and fell over on her as the pent up air
escaped him.

Alice, still scaling that orgasmic peak could only resort to the
ever-present self-relief and in a few strokes tries to bring herself to a
climax. She was practically delirious, and sank forward in ecstasy, her
vagina throbbing, her rectum clutching at the rapidly shrinking cock.
                                                                 
A muffled cough from the other side of the room shocked Ken into attention.
It was Sean, returned from his "duty," totally enthralled, ogling the
erotic scene before him.  One hand tried to stifle any noise, the other
trying to stifle an erection.

Before he could utter a sound he saw Sue come up behind him, wrap her arms
around his slender body and grab at the swelling in his pants.  "And just
what are you doing here, Sean?  I've been watching you peeping at these
two. Shame on you."

Sean blushed beet red.  He almost looked like he was going to try to turn
and leave the room, but Sue held him fast.

Come on in and let's see what there is to see.
                                                                  
She only had to drag him in a few feet before he lost his reserve and
eagerly followed.  He wasn't sure what was to happen, but if it was
anything like what had happened to Ken, be would be willing to sacrifice
himself.

Sue, having showered, had heard the commotion downstairs and had not
bothered to don anything save the old faithful robe.  In one quick movement
she sat on the sofa, next to her smiling sister and ordered Sean to knee
before her.

"Interested in this, Sean?" she said as she parted her robe giving the
flustered boy a unobstructed, closeup view of her beautiful naked body.
                                                                 
"Gosh," he breathed, staring at her. "Wow!" his gaze was locked on her
luscious breasts.  As he watched, she slowly parted her legs, revealing her
pinkish genitals and said, "How about this?"
                                                                  
Then she reached down with her hands and seductively spread the labia
revealing the juicy interior.

"Have you ...have you ever seen a cunt before, Sean?"  Sue asks, her voice
hoarse.  She felt an electric thrill of excitement and power at exposing
herself to the boy, watching his eyes glaze with desire.
                                                                       
"No..no, ma'am, just in pictures," the boy stuttered. "Can I.." he stopped.

"Can you what?"

Silence.

"Can you kiss it?  Sure you can, Sean. I would like you to do that very
much."

"Well.... I didn't want to do that..."

"Well, I want you to.  If you expect anything else, you better do that."

He hesitantly leaned forward, eyeing what was before him with some
trepidation.  "Do I have to?"  he whined.

"If you don't, you can leave now and I'll let Ken do it."

That seemed to do it for he took in a deep breath and leaned closer.
                                                                      
"But first, Sean, I suggest you take your clothes off before you mess them
up.

In a shot, he was up and his clothes were gone.  A stiff erection stood out
before him.  He looked down at it and slowly took it into his own hand
pointing it right at Sue.

"If you are going to do it yourself, you won't need me, will you?"

Finally, it all got through his poor thick male head, that Sue had a vested
interest in the proceedings, too.  He kneeled back down and indelicately
stuck his face into her crotch.  For a few moments he literally kissed her
labial lips, but scarcely more.  Then, something seemed to snap as he
hesitantly probed his tongue to them and snuggled down in them like he was
actually enjoying it.

At about this time, Alice had recovered and was absorbed in watching the
goings on next to her.  She had gotten up and sat back down on the sofa,
resting her pert buns on her legs beneath her.  Ken just sort of stood
there in a trance, his penis slowly returning to its attentive position as
Sean became more and more dedicated to the task at hand.

It was too much for he blurted out, "Alice, can I do that to you?"

For an instant, Alice paused, then wordlessly she slipped her legs out from
under her and let them dangle over the edge.  That way she could still
watch the pair next to her.  The thrill showing on Sue's face as she leaned
her head back on the back of the sofa was too much to miss.

Ken, with a zest at least equal to Sean's dove in.  Now both girls flung
their heads back as their passions were being aroused once again.

Then Sean raised his head.  He still knelt between her thighs uncertainly.
He knew what to do.  The boys at school had laughed about it, and he had
seen pictures.  But actually doing it was far different!  He held his cock
in his hand and pointed it at the gaping wet mouth of her vagina.
"I...would you help me?  I'm not sure ... I've never done this before," he
said miserably.

"Oh, darling ... here, I'll help you," Sue said.  She reached out, guiding
his drooling penis to her heated vagina. "Just put it where your tongue was
and move it back and forth.  You'll get the hang of it," she crooned.  She
opened herself for him with one hand and guided his turgid cock with the
other.

"Aaaaaaggghhh," Sean groaned as the head of his penis slipped into her. It
was incredible, feeling the hot moist labia grasping his penis, not like
his cold shaking hand.

With a grunt he thrusts forward.  He enters her, pushing slowly until he is
buried fully the very first time.  For a long time he savorys the feeling,
the feeling all young boys yearn for more than anything.  His mind is
racing trying to remember all of the things he probably should be doing,
but all that seems to come through is to excite that sensation of the
stroking of his penis.  To this end he draws back out, gasping at the
sensations tingling up through his body.  Then forward again.  Then out
again and forward.  In and out.  In and out.  Faster and faster.
                                                                      
"I'm fucking!" he yelled.  "I'm doing it!  I'm fucking your cunt!"

Sue's concentration on her own ecstacy is nearly broken by this childish
outburst.

He could feel his cum surging forth.  Somewhere back in the dusty regions
of his passion-racked brain he knew that girls didn't want a guy to cum
immediately and he did want to make Sue happy, but his body was not his
own.

Sue feared his stroking was too fast, too soon and tried to ease him back
by reaching up and putting her legs around him, but even that could not
restrain the youthful, self-centered exuberance.

Sean grunted with his feeble effort not to climax.  His hands were now
clamped on her breasts, using them as handles, as he flailed back and forth
between her thighs.  He could feel her vagina clasping and unclasping
around his cock.

Then, suddenly, he felt his ejaculation on him and knew there was nothing
he could do about it.
                                                              
"I'm cumming!" he sobbed, as he slammed his elated body against her.  He
thought for an instant that Sue should be cumming, too, but his senses were
blocked by the roar of his own orgasm.  His little balls lifted and blew,
shooting his thick young semen into her.  He felt like it was spilling out
of his guts.  He couldn't remember cumming like this when he jacked off!

"Oh ...what's happening?  It won't stop, ohhh!"  And he fell against her,
his hips still twitching weakly as he still feebly ejaculated into her.
                                                                         
Sue, hesitant to hurry things along before this, now allowed her hips to
move, adding a twist or two along the way.  She bucked her hips up to his
and rolled on him, feeling his penis still and lifeless.  She rode it for
all she was worth.

But it was over for Sean, and just started for her.  "Oh, well," she
thought, as she put her arms around him, collapsed on her chest, smoothing
his hair, running her hands lasciviously over his slim young hips.
                                                                       
"Oh, Sue!  Wow - it was great!" Sean mumbled into her neck.  He was drained
but happy!

She glanced over at the pair next to her and met Alice's eyes gazing back
in disappointment.  "Nice pair we have here, isn't it?" they seemed to say.
                                                                              
Sue lay back.  Her body was still burning.  The feeling of being led part
way up the delicious mountain, and then being abandoned was depressing.

Although both boys were spent, they were, nonetheless boys.

Alice began first.  She began to whisper sweet nothings in Ken's ears and
sensuously trace lewd pictures on his back, carefully explaining exactly
what she was doing.  In no time, Ken had perked up and was returning the
fondling, albeit a good deal more clumsily.

A deep moan escaping Ken's youthful lips first aroused Sean.  As he turned
to see what was going on, Sue said, "Let's not them get ahead of us, Sean."
                                                                          
The poor kid was trembling all over after a few minutes of Sue's
ministerings. Sue could feel his incipient manhood already begin to expand
and swell as he lay on her.  She was all set to boost him up and have him
enter her again, when she heard Alice murmur, "Have him stick it in your
rear. It's great."
                                                                    
Although the thought had never really appealed to her, she had seen it on
the videos, but they hadn't been a turn-on, but she figured that Alice was
a good and fair judge.  It would soon be clear would who reap the benefits
of this judgement, too.

Sean raised his head and looked into Sue's bright eyes.  When their lips
met, her tongue went right for his tonsils.  She ground her abdomen into
him slowly, sensuously, creating the same stirring that he had just lost.

She was excited, too, as she continued to feel his growing, and she slipped
her hand between their clasped bodies and quickly located it.  Her tongue
searched every nook and cranny inside his eager mouth as she slowly stroked
him back to full hardness.

He lifted his head, smiled, then moved his hands to her buttocks, feeling
that delightfully firm and flawless mounds.  He squeezed the globes between
his fingers, prying them apart, exposing her anus to the uncaring seat of
the sofa.

"What are you doing, young man?" she sniped, with glee.

"I saw Ken do this and I want to, too.  I have always wanted to do this,"
he replied, searching for her anus with his finger and, upon finding it,
pressing inward slightly, not penetrating her, but letting her know that he
was eager to play back there.
                                                               
She squeezed his cock tightly, then released it, before working her hand
toward the glans and squeezing it firmly once more.

She was slowly masturbating his cock now, alternating the squeezing with up
and down movements of her hand.

But she had not done this more than a few time when she sensed that he was
ready to cum again.

"Quick.  Get off and I'll turn over."
                                                                   
He was off in a flash standing poised for a totally new and rewarding
experience and he knew it.
                                                                        
She rolled over until she was resting on the sofa seat.  No amount of
inexperience could have impeded the forthcoming events.  Sue's alabaster
body lay totally exposed on the sofa, with her lovely firm buttocks
presenting the guide rails toward the target clearly discernable before the
trembling boy standing poised with his rigid cock stuttering and stabbing
in the air before him.  Slowly and with a great outflow of breath he
lowered himself to his knees, almost in submission.  His rigid penis was at
exactly the right height. He nuzzled the glans against the presenting mark
and gentle pushed in.
                                                                            
At first only a little of him was allowed in.  Sue gasped, wonder what in
the world Alice saw in this, but allowed Sean to persist.  Somewhere in the
far reaches of her body she felt a new tingling that she liked.  She slowly
gyrated her hips hoping to help the poor boy penetrate further.
                                                                     
It worked.  With a grunt he pushed harder and slipped in an inch or two.

He seemed to stick there, probably due to fear on both their parts.  She
remembered that in the videos, the men liked the women to talk dirty so she
thought, why not.
                                                   
"I'm opening it for your cock, Sean.  Your big beautiful, beautiful cock.
It's hungry for you inside there.  Please put it all the way in.  Please!"

He responded immediately by withdrawing the glistening cock from Sue.
Unfortunately, it slipped out much to their chagrin.

"Ohhhh,  put it back in.  Put it back in, now!"
                                                                   
He moved the head of his cock back up to the between the widely opened
cheeks, which Sue had reached up and spread.  As he touched the splayed
anus with his penis, she cried out, "Ahhhhh!"
                                                                  
His only response was a practical, "It seems awful tight."

"I can take it.  I don't care if it hurts.  Just put it in slowly.  Oh,
yes....slowly....Ahhhh!  I can feel it going inside me, Sean."

"Do you want me to stop?"

"No!  Please!" she cried simultaneously with a loud breath.  "Just keep
easing it like you are.  Oh!  It feels so big, so huge."

Both Alice and Ken were enjoying the close encounter next to them.  But
Alice was not willing to settle for that.  Ken was abruptly reminded of the
business at hand before him by the firm and not too gentle grip of Alice on
his own staunchly erect cock.
                                                                       
He needed little motivation.  He put his arms around the back of her neck
and pulled himself up to kiss her on the lips, hard.

It was a long time before he calmed the frantic mindless probing of his
tongue and became less demanding and urgent, and then the kiss became
sweet, as well as passionate.
                                                                      
He kissed her again and his hands slid back over her shoulders.  She
released his cock and grabbed him around the waist.  She could feel that
iron-hard young cock throbbing against her.  He pressed closer and the kiss
got deeper. Tongues got into the action again.
                                                                       
Within a few minutes, they were running their hands all over each other.
She trapped his leg between her thighs and rubbed her labia up and down on
his leg.
                                                            
"Put your hands on my breasts," she said quietly.  He complied with
trembling fingers, sliding his hands down to her breast, just letting his
fingertips rest on them.  After a few seconds, he began moving his palms
over them, sort of learning their curves and contours.  Finally, he pressed
them slightly, then cupped them.  It was incredibly sensual to her.  She
felt heat in her belly.
                                                                         
She took his hand and led his fingers to her nipple.  She pushed his
fingertips the erect tip and compressed them a little.  He didn't need much
coaching after that.  He grasped the other nipple and began gingerly
pinching and pulling them.  Each touch and movement sent a lurching spasm
through her belly.  Her eyes half closed and she smiled.
                                                                       
Finally, he bent and started suckling one nipple.  He ran his tongue over
the tip, quickly.

By that time the clutching couple was pretty well draped over the sofa. He
had rolled onto his side, though, to allow his cock to stand straight out.
It throbbed in time with his rapidly beating heart.
                                                                           
He crawled over her and continued madly kissing and licking all over her
breasts, pausing only to take one nipple or the other between his lips and
suck crazily.  She took one of his hands in her's and led it down over her
quivering belly down to her soft pubes and guided him in his explorations.
She carefully taught his fingers the way to her clitoris and once he found
it, he dallied and was fascinated by the effect his combined licking and
fingering had on her.

His finger found the vagina and slid in. He gasped,  "It's so wet and hot!"

She could feel his throbbing cock against her thigh.  She then rolled him
over until he was back on top of her and arduously slipped down until she
was half off the sofa.  By then he was kneeling before her.
                                                                          
For a brief, so very brief, moment, he was reminded of her loveliness, for
indeed, Alice was a beauty.  Her skin, soft and warm, her graceful curves
so perfect that in the dim light they looked as though they were carved out
of marble.

But Ken's eyes were now in his hands as he slowly worked his way up her
smooth legs, touching her ever so lightly with his tongue.  As he
approached her inner thighs she began wriggling and slid down even further
down in the sofa as if to meet his mouth on the way up.

But he moved up and kissed her neck gently.  Their lips came together and
her tongue worked its way swiftly into his eagerly awaiting mouth.  He put
his arm around her neck and the hand on