
              ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
              ³                                            ³
              ³          This Adult Text File From         ³
              ³                                            ³
              ³       T H E   T I T A N I C   B B S        ³
              ³                                            ³
              ³ "For the finest in Adult text and photos"  ³
              ³                                            ³
              ³                305-971-6118                ³
              ³                                            ³
              ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
 
    Two Virgins

    I am an 18-year-old female with long, wavy brown hair and a 36-24-35 
    figure.  It takes a lot to turn me on, so I'm just friends with the 
    guys in my neighborhood, but I like to dress in sexy outfits for the 
    pleasure of their stares. A month ago, a new family moved in down the
    street, and I decided to welcome my new neighbors and get acquainted 
    with them.  They had a very attractive daughter my age named Kay, and 
    it wasn't long before we were good friends.
    One day after Kay's family had settled in, I went over to pick her up 
    to go shopping.  As I pulled into the driveway, I saw the most handsome
    guy imaginable shooting baskets. He was my height with long, black, 
    spiked hair and an incredible body -- all the more evident because he 
    wore only a pair of jams.  I was mesmerized by his beauty.  Kay came 
    out, and I eagerly asked her who the hunk was. "My brother," she 
    replied.  "Isn't he cute!"  I soon found out that Kay's parents had
    adopted Vin as a child.
 
    Do you like him?" Kay asked.

    "He's hot!!" I replied with a big smile.  We both walked up the 
    driveway, and Kay introduced us.  I looked Vin over from head to toe, 
    and the sight of the sweat pouring down his body made my panties randy 
    with excitement. I could tell that Vin was also impressed by my assets 
    --accentuated by a white cotton halter top and tight black jogging 
    shorts.  Kay and I decided to shoot some hoop with Vin, and the three 
    of us frolicked for a while.  At one point, as I went in for a lay-up, 
    Vin shocked me by accidentally grabbing my breast as I dribbled past him.

    "I'm sorry," he said sheepishly.
   
    "Foul!" Kay laughed.  "I think we've all had enough," she added.

     As Kay led me to the house, I stared longingly at Vin. I hoped that he
     could see how aroused I was by his touch -- my nipples were so hard that 
     they could be seen through the fabric of my top. Once inside, we drank 
     some iced tea, but it did not cool the lust I felt for Vin.  Soon he 
     came in, and we sat around talking for a long time, forgetting that I
     had come to go shopping with Kay.  I flirted with Vin by deliberately
     sticking my chest out and curving my body toward him. When I caught him 
     staring, I got embarrassed. I'm kind of awkward in these situations, and
     I hoped I wasn't fouling up.

     Then Kay asked if I would like to watch a new video in her bedroom, and
     I thought that it sounded like fun. We headed upstairs, with me secretly
     hoping that Vin would follow, but he didn't.  Since Kay is a really cool
     girl, I was not surprised when she turned to me during the movie and
     said, "So you like my brother?"
     
     "Oh, desperately," I replied. 

     "It's okay," she said.  "Lots of girls like him -- but he's still a 
     virgin.  I think you two could have some fun together and make a nice 
     couple.  Why don't I go out for some ice cream and leave you and Vin 
     to get acquainted?  I'll bring some back -- you might need to cool off!"
     I couldn't believe my luck!  My friend was giving me the okay to do it 
     with her brother, and I really liked this guy. I was nervous and turned 
     on at the same time.  After Kay left, I went down the hall to her
     brother's room. I slowly turned the door handle and peaked in.  There 
     was Vin, lying on his bed, moaning and jerking himself off!

     "Oops, I'm sorry," I apologized, blushing.

     Vin looked at me as if he'd seen a ghost.  I laughed and said that it 
     was a perfectly normal thing for him to be doing, and that it also 
     turned me on.  He replied that he had become so aroused by meeting me 
     that he couldn't help but try to release his pent-up energy when he was 
     alone.  "Well, you're not alone anymore," I said.
     Vin asked me where his sister had gone.  I told him that she went out 
     for some ice cream and that she would be back later with his favorite 
     flavor.  "How could she do that when my favorite flavor is standing 
     right in front of me?" he said with a smile.

     "I want to make love with you," was my answer.

     I looked straight into his brown eyes, and then got on top of him and 
     hungrily kissed his lips and neck.  He said that I was a dream come 
     true.  We were both a little awkward, but I got his pants off in record
     time.  I licked and kissed my way down his beautiful torso until I came
     to his wonderful cock.He wasn't as big as some other guys I have touched,
     but it didn't matter. There was something more than animal lust between
     us already. As I began to suck his swollen member, Vin begged me to stop,
     saying that he would cum if I didn't. I guessed that he wanted to really
     enjoy his first time.  Vin took off my top and gently removed my bra.
     Like a child with a new toy, he felt my ample tits.  At that moment I
     felt that I was in love with him.  He got on top of me and caressed my
     body with a slow and steady hand until I was totally hot.


     "Pull my panties down!" I begged.

     Vin obliged, telling me that he was in heaven.  I asked him to rub his
     prick against my horny pussy.  As his hot penis touched my body, I
     trembled with delight.  Moving lower, he kissed my cunt lips and blew
     on my hair.  I cooed like a baby as Vin gently nibbled on my cunt and
     then inserted his fingers and his tongue.  As a wave of shuddering
     pleasure enveloped me, I knew that I was about to come.  "Eat me!" I
     hollered, and Vin cupped his hands under my ass and licked and sucked
     my pussy and clit like a starving man.  My orgasm made me lose my
     breath for a few moments, and Vin, being the gentleman, waited for me
     to relax.  I wanted that babybeamer in me so bad, but Vin knew that
     it was my first time also, and he was determined to make it as smooth
     as possible.
     Vin put a pillow under my ass and tried to insert his hard member.
     Though I was very wet, I was still too tight. Vin was scared that he
     might hurt me, but I was incredibly turned on and waited lustfully for
     his rock-hard tool. Positioning himself, Vin drove into my eager love
     nest. His cock felt so good and so big inside me.  Soon he had me to
     the hilt, and my muscles tightened around his pole.  "Oh, yes!" I
     gasped, "Oh, baby.  Pump me, stud!" 
     Vin was groaning and that turned me on even more. It was also funny,
     even though this was a serious thing, because we were having such a
     good time. Finally, his penis ruptured inside me, and then I came again,
     too.  After our panting had quieted, we both drifted off to sleep, so
     satisfied that we didn't need any ice cream.

                    -----> The WhoreMaster <-----


     ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
     ³                                                                   ³
     ³                   T H E    T I T A N I C   B B S                  ³
     ³                                                                   ³
     ³                         305 - 971 - 6118                          ³
     ³                                                                   ³
     ³            'For the best in Adult Text and GIF files'             ³
     ³                                                                   ³
     ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ


