3for-all.doc

The story your about to read is an actual occurance which happend
to me 3 years ago. It is not intended to encourage anyone into
doing anything your about to read, although I must say, I did
have a fun time and don't regret one second of it. Having sex
with different partners here or there or several partners at the
same time (most commonly known as SWINGING ) isn't for everyone,
so if your offended by my story don't read it. If you like the
story and have one you might want to share or are into simular
activities or might be interested in trying, or persuading a 
spouse/girlfriend/boyfriend, drop me a note!

=================================================================

     My husband and I were married for 5 years, and as for me,
I concidered our sex together as "great". I did many things for
my husband to make our sex interesting and not boring, like role
playing, dressing up as a whore, and rape skits and on a few
occasions have even taken part in 3soms with my husband and
another man.

     I got home from work this one Friday, feeling somewhat
kinkey and in the moode for something wild and crazy. I went to
the bedroom and stripped out of my work clothes, then to the
bathroom for a relaxing bath. I began to wash myself, sliding my
soapy hand over my neck to my breasts, down my stomach then down
between my legs, and began playing with myself thinking about the
first time I had an orgasm by another man. Don't get me wrong,
I've had men bring me to orgasm before, before I was married,
but, for some reason this time was different, maybe because my
husband was present. Anyway, the next thing I knew, he was
making love to me and I was cumming off whispering to myself
over and over, fuck me, fuck me, almost feeling as the warmth his
own climax enter my body, filling every inch inside of me. Then I
came. I layed in the hot tub for several minutes as the vision
faded along with my orgasm, then stepped out of the tub and dryed
myself.

     I remember walking to the dresser saying to myself, so, he
want's me to fuck other men huh, ok, I'll fuck'em, I'll fuck
every man in sight! I'll give him one night he'll never forget!
and picked out a black skirt, black see thru blouse, bra and a
very very sexy black lace teddy with attached garters and last, a
pair of sheer black stocking. I want back to the bathroom and
shaved my legs then my pussy, which I've kept nice and smoothe
for years. I then dressed and put on my make-up, red lipstick
with gloss and bright red nail polish.

     I met my husband at the door telling him to hurry and get
changed because we were going out! He thinking the outfit was for
him asked what was the occasion. I told him, I decided to give
him what he always wanted, and to get ready before I changed my
mind. Needless to say he was ready in a half an hour, and at the
club in 15 minutes.

     On the way to the club, I told my husband that we should sit
at different tables and I would "try" to come on to another guy
and get something going. Of course, he said, with the way your
dressed, count on it?

     We both walked into the club about 8:30 PM and went our
separate ways, I at a table by the dance floor and my husband at
the bar.

     The night seemed long, as I wondered just how I was to come
on to these guys. I danced with a few, trying different approches
towards them, none which seemed to work, then dancing with this
one guy, I decided to try something direct, while dancing a slow
dance I slid my hand down to his ass, pulling him very close to
me I whispered to him, I am very very wet. The guy said in return
well mabye I can do something about that. I said, somewhat turned
on, lets go. Well, we walked out of the club to his car and got in 
the back seat and began kissing and kissing and feeling and
feeling, his hand up my dress fingering me, my hand on his cock
feeling him getting harder and harder, finally breaking our
kissing I opened his pants and lowered my lips on his cock. His 
finger continued playing with my clit while my lips worked on him
when suddenly I began to cum, and cum, and cum. Not long after,
he began to moan then I felt my mouth being filled with his hot
sperm, swallowing it all, thinking to myself, this isn't any
different than doing it with my husband. I reached under my skirt
and pulled open the snapps from my teddy and layed back on the
seat pulling him on me, rubbing his cock on my pussy putting him
inside of me. He fucked and fucked and fucked me, finally pulling
out saying, he could'ent do it anymore. Understanding, I sat up
and snapped my teddy and said to him, maybe next time, and
returned to the club.

     While slow dancing with my husband, I filled him in step by
step on everything I did, then returned again to my table and
ordered a drink. Sometime later, I was asked to dance by a not so
bad looking guy, he looked younger than I, but I thought, what
the hell and asked him back to my table. His name was Bob and was
22, (about 10 years younger than me) blond hair and blue eyes and
a not so bad looking body. Bob didn't seem the least bit
intimidated what so ever by the age difference, and didn't try to
come off older than he was, in fact he looked older than he was.
I almost felt a little guilty of my intentions, but,
on the other hand, he was still a man, all men are alike probably
even as we talked was thinking of a way he could get into my
panties. The funny thing was, I was thinking of a way of getting
to get "him" into my panties, so to speak.

    As we talked, my mind skipped to the back seat of that guys
car, still not beleiving that I did  WHAT I did. Sucking this guy
was one thing, but what really turned me on for some reason was
him cumming in my mouth and swallowing it. The more I thought
about it the more turned on I seemed to get. I then fantasized
sex with this guy. By this time, I was so hot, I actually felt a
tingle between my legs, I had to excuse myself and go to the
ladies room and cool off before I came right there. I sat on the
seat in the stall and felt myself, I could'ent beleive how wet I
was, I totaly soaked my teddy, then began fingering myself, I was
on my way towards the big O, my body at its highest erotic peek,
almost lost in my own pleasures, when all of a sudden pulled my
hand away, thinking, no, I want to save this, I want to be totaly
out of control, I want this guy. As hard as it was, I wiped
myself and buttoned up then stood in front of the mirror and
applied lipstick to my lips, then returned to the table and Bob.
I thought to myself, it's either now or never and said, trying
not to come on to strong, but to the point and yet still be some
what of a ladie, "wanta go somewhere else"?? the guy reaction
was, where?  almost as he knew what I had in mind, I coyly
replied, how about someplace a little more private. Bob looked at
me and I looked at Bob, waiting for his answer, running my tongue
over the edge of my glass. As Bob finally began to speak, I felt
little flutters in my stomach, not sure what he might say,
wanting him so much to say lets go. Bob procceded saying, he
would go anywhere with me, but there was ome problem, and that
was that he had driven 2 of his other friends and he didn't feel
it would be right to go off and leave then stranded.

     I thought for a minute then said to Bob, I have a great idea
if you and your friends willing, we all could have a little fun.
Bob replied, what exactly did you have in mind, I said, well if
you guys wanted, we all could go someplace a little private and
try something different.

     Bob said, let me get this straight, you'd be willing to take
on 3 guys, I replied, the way I'm feeling right now, sure would.
Bob then said, sounds good to me, give me a few minutes and I'll
try to find my friends, then took off. I went up to the bar to
where my husband was and filled him on what was about to happen
then told him I might not be home tonight. He was most excited
about the whole thing, I then gave him a little kiss and wiggled
my fingers, see ya later.

     I walked around the club looking for Bob, finding him by the
ladies room talking to some guys. Thinking they just might be the
ones I'd be with tonight I walked over to them more to get a
better look, I looked at them and thought to myself, not bad, not
bad at all, then turned and went into the ladies room to
freashen up a bit, in another words, put on more lipstick and a
little dab of purfume in just the right places. I to was quite
excited about our little get together and was ready and willing
to do just about anything, and was sure I would be doing just
about everything. I walked out of the bathroom and found Bob
standing in the same place he was in when I passed him talking to
the same guys and walked to him. Turns out that they were the
guys. Bob interduced his friends to me, Jerry and Don and said,
they would be more than happy to take me up on my offer, I said,
great, shall we go. All 4 of us walked out of the club into the
parking lot to Bobs car, I got into the front while Jerry and
Don got into the back, and drove off. Bob asked where I would like 
to go, I just said, find the closest hotel. Bob drove a few
blocks and pointed to a sign lit up saying VACANCY and said, how
about this place, looks like they might have a room, I said, It
looks as good as any. Bob parked the car and went into the hotel
to register and returned shortly holding a room key saying were
in room 121.

      I suddenly became very nervious as we walked around to the
room, not wanting to back out or anything like that, it was just,
I was hoping I could fully perform my duties as a woman and be
able to please these guys in any and every way.

     Finding the room, Bob placed the key in the hole and opened
the door, allowing me to enter first. I walked in the room
followed by the other 3 guys and walked to the bed sitting on the
edge crossing my legs, pulling my skirt down over my knee, still
holding on to the fact, that I still am a ladie, at least for a
little while longer. I was really nervious now, as I watched Bob
close and lock the door, then pull the curtians closed. I guess I
knew things would come down to this sooner or later, although it
was only a little over an hour ago when Bob asked me to dance,
which seemed like only 5 minutes to me and now, look where I
am, how times flies when your having fun. One part of me wanted
to be back at the club and the other part of me wanted to be
here.

     Bob came over to where I was sitting and sat next to me, not
just jumping into it, he placed his arm around me and we began to
kiss. Bob was a good looking guy and I was glad things got
started with him first, he made me feel very comfortable and
relaxed, as if I was totaly his, with no else around. As we
continued kissing, our tongues danced in each others mouth, my
legs became unfolded but remained pressed together as he layed me
on the bed. Shortly after being in my new position Bob broke the
erotic session of kissing and looked at me running his finger
over my face, down my neck to my breast, nicely tucked under my
clothes like present waiting to be opened. One by one he began to
unbutton my blouse, telling me how sexy I was, then moved the
sheer black material off both sides of my body. The idea of being 
undressed by a man was very much of a turn to me, although most
of the other time (when my husband wanted a 3 some) I was just
wearing a teddy or something less and stripped it off myself.
Being with Bob for the moment made me almost forget that there
were other eyes watching me every step of the way. Bobs finger
traced the entire edges of my bra on both sides of my breasts
almost as if he was deciding what to do next, finally, pulled the
top of my teddy off my breasts and unsnapped my bra, exposing
my not so large but excited breasts and cupped his hand over one,
slightly squeezing and gently punching the nipple, then the
other, sending wonderfull signals through my whole body.

     Bob moved his hand off my breasts and started to tongue and
lick my nipple while at the same time began moving his hand on my
leg, sliding farther and farther up my skirt. For some reason it
seemed easier to expose by breasts than it was to spread my legs,
maybe because womans breasts are the visable part of our body.
Realizing that this was really it, the final step, time to show
all. Feeling a bit embarrassed, knowing the other guys were watching 
and knowing they were next,I spread my legs letting his
hand slid up my leg and over my crotch,
His finger snaked inside of my teddy darting in and out of my
very moist hole then began flicking over my clit, bringing me to
the point I've waited for all night, ORGASM, and I wanted him to
make me cum. I was moaning and panting continuous as his finger
worked on my love bud, saying, Oh God Yes , Don't Stop, I'm Gonna
cum, my body shivering and shaking tring to cum but yet holding
off as long as I could, then let go, exploading into, what seemed
as a never ending series of orgasms, both viginal and clitoral
orgasms. My present lover got off the bed and began to undress,
while I continued laying, my hand cupped over my crotch still in
another world.

     Bob returned to the bed moving me up on the pillow, and
crawled between my legs which opened automatically, and pulled
open the snaps from my teddy saying now to get a better look.
After commenting on how sexy it looks he lowered his head and
began running his lips over my soft mound kissing the smoothe
area working his way down to the slit parting the lips and
running his tongue over the lenght darting in my already very wet
hole. Bob finished licking then leaned over me placing his over
than average size cock at my hole and with slight difficulties
slowely eased in until every inch (of what looked to me was at
least 8 or 9 inches) was inside of me. I began moaning from the
second he started to enter me, part was pure pleasure of him
making love to me, the other was a bit painfull as Bob was much
larger and thicker than my husband or my other lovers, I almost
felt like a virgin once again, having sex for the first, as I
felt my opening being spread wide open which I quickly overcame
with his total enterance in me. All sence of my ladie like
apperance faded with my last orgasm as my moaning was non-stop
and increased as he pumped his hudge organ faster and faster in
me, my legs tightly wrapped around him.  A very strange and
unusual thing happend, Bob whispered to me and asked if it was
ok for him to cum inside of me, I giggled and said, you bet ,
and something like, in between my moans, give it all to me, I
want to feel your hot juice inside me. Bob began panting, slowing
down a bit, I could feel as his cock began to swell and get ultra
extra hard (I love that feeling when a man is about to cum) then
he arched in me OOOOOOOhhhhhhhhhhh, as I felt pulse after pulse
after pulse of his hot orgasm shoot deep into me. Bob layed
breathlessly panting on me, slowely moving his member in me, then
got up leaving me on the bed and went to the bathroom.

     At Bobs return to the bed, he stood at the bottom looking at
me finger a large amount of cum had dripped from my hole, and
applying some to my lips, licking it off. Bob remarked, what a
sight, I sat up looking down at the large whith globs of cum
sitting at the opening oozing out, while the other guys gathered
around to also see. Bob then collected his clothes and began to
dress saying he was going out to get some beer and would return
shortly. As I stood up, feeling large amounts of cum dripping
down my leg, I cupped my hand on my crotch and smeared it all
over then licked it from my fingers, giving these guys a little
show, then made my way to the bathroom for a little clean-up.
I returned to the bedroom with my teddy and bra back in place but
left my blouse unbottoned (it looked sexier that way),
straightend my skirt and re-snapped the crotch of my teddy, and
went over to the closest guy, Jerry, and started kissing him, and
feeling his hard cock through his pants, then slid down into a
kneeling position and proceeded opening his pants pulling them
down to his knees, only to see his erection buldging through his
bikini briefs, with about an inch or so past the head peeking out
from the top. I began running my finger over the shaft feeling
the shape of his hard cock through the soft material. Not wanting
just yet to remove them, I moved my lips to his cock sliding my
tongue over the material up to the bare skin exposed, then to the
head licking off the large drops of seman that formed.

     Jerry slid my blouse off my shoulder and off one arm at a
time, then lifted me up and pulling down my teddy and opened my
bra, once again exposing my small breasts. Having sex with these
guys, so far, was nothing I had expected, I figured we'd get into
the room and everyone would undress and have a free-for-all with
me. As Jerry caressed my breasts with his mouth his hands moved
around my waist pulling down the zipper of my skirt, and with
much ease slid it down my hip, letting it fall to the floor.
I steped out of the skirt as Jerry moved me towards the bed and
layed me down, then he removed his underwear and joined me on the
bed. We french kissed for a short time feeling each others body,
I, feeling his cock, sliding my fingers over the slimy drops of
seman that oozed out, while he, had his hand inside my teddy
crotch, fingering my hole and clit. After our short but erotic
kissing session, I pulled opened the snaps of my teddy then moved
myself around and on him 69, immidiatly taking his cock into my
mouth, slidind my lips up and down the entire shaft, while at the
same time, Jerrys tongue moved over every inch of my cunt,
darting in and out of my hole, then hungerly licked my love bud.
After only about 10 minutes of making love to his cock with my
mouth he began moaning, then felt his cock began to swell, then
BOOM, felt as his hot load hit the back of my throat.
Wrapped up within my own orgasm, I swallowed every drop of cum
that entered my mouth, just then, as I reached the point of no
return the door opened and Bob walked in, I climaxed. I, still
on top of Jerry, sucking the head of his cock, and licking my
lips, looked at Bob as he walked over to the bed, Ummmmmmmmmm,
tasted sooooo good. Bob replied, give that ladie a BUD!
Jerry then said as I moved off him, God, that was good,
no woman has ever sucked me like that before, and swallowed all
of it to. most girls, at least the ones I can talk into sucking
me, won't let me cum in their mouth's, and the ones that do, just
spit it out. I remarked pulling the tab open from a can of beer,
I am the best, Jerry simply said, you sure are, I remarked once
again, I never had any complaints yet.

     Taking a little break, and a few minutes to digest my
previous lovers orgasm, I sat down by a small table located by
the front window pulling up the thin material of my teddy over my
breasts, and talked a bit while I sipped on my beer. During the
course of our talking, Bob asked me a question, he said, now be
honest, an average woman does not offer to go off with 3 guys,
and I can tell right off your not a hooker, so, what's a nice
girl doing with the 3 of us. I thought for a second and said, you
want the real truth, ok, It's my husband's idea. His fantasy was
for me to dress up like a whore and pick a guy and well, let him
do what ever he wanted with me, but, I don't think he'd have
expected me to end up with the 3 of you, then proceeded in
telling them about the guy I met before Bob and how my husband
got so turned on when I told him how I sucked him in the back
seat of his car and swallowed his orgasm, and how the guy tried
to fuck me, but could'ent. then said, which wasn't good enought
for him, he wanted me to find some guy to fuck me and cum in me
Their first reaction was, wow, your married, and your husband
want's you to fuck other men. Bob then said, well, if that's what 
he want's, we'll give you something to tell him, won't we. I replied, 
I sure will.

     I finished my second beer, and looked at Don waiting looking
as if he was going to be left out, the only guy, who has not yet
had sex with me yet, and got up and moved to where he was sitting
crawling up between his legs on the bed taking his cock in my
hand jerking it off a bit, sliding my fingers over the goo that
I squeezed from the head, then leaned down and took him in my
mouth. After a few minutes of sucking Don, I felt my legs being
spread apart and someone poking a cock at my hole, and began
fucking me doggie style. I continued humping Dons cock in my
mouth till he orgasned, again, swallowing every ounce of his cum.
Then feeling the fimiliar paulse inside me, I knew Jerry, who was
doing me doggie, had cum. With his cock still in me, I sat up
throwing my arms around Jerry behind me and started kissing him
while his hands caressed my breasts. My hand moved down to my
cunt feeling as Jerrys cock slid in and out of my hole, then
began fingering some of the cum on my clit till once again I
orgasmed.

     After my return from cleaning myself, I grabbed a beer
taking a short break. Afterwords, Bob lead me over to the bed and
layed me down, then started rubbing his cock over my nipple, he
then positioned himself over my chest placing his hudge cock
first in my mouth getting it wet then between my tits sliding
back and forth while I squeezed them together. After about 15 or
20 minutes of dick sucking, tit fucking, Bob sat up grabbing his
cock jerking it off and came, shooting his load all over my face,
in my mouth and neck and tits,

I reached up rubbing the white thick goo all over my face and
lips licking my fingers, while Bob smeared the cum over my tits
with his cock and putting it in my mouth to lick off.

     After yet another trip to the bathroom, I returned to the
bed, and addressed Dan, while fingering myself, telling him how
much I'd love to feel him inside me. Dan moved to the bed and
began licking my cunt for a short time, then positioned himself
on top of me, and slipped his cock in my hole, while at the same
time I fingered my clit, until we both orgasmed together.

     On my last trip to the bathroom, I took my clothes, cleaned
up and dressed, as the other guys were when I came out. We
checked out of the hotel and they drove me home, where my husband
fucked me, cumming 3 times as I told him of the story above.

                              THE END
