
                                  3FOR-ALL.TXT

     The story you're about to read is an actual occurance which happened to me
three years ago.  It is not intended to encourage anyone to do anything you're
about to read, although I must say, I did have a fun time and don't regret one
second of it.  Having sex with different partners here or there or several
partners at the same time (most commonly known as SWINGING ) isn't for
everyone, so if your're offended by my story don't read it.  If you appreciate
my tale and have one of your own you might consider sharing, or are into
simular activities, or might be interested in trying, or persuading a
spouse/girlfriend/boyfriend, drop me a note!

       =================================================================

     My husband and I were married for five years, and as for me, I considered
our sex together as "great".  I did many things for my husband keep our sex
interesting and not boring, such as role playing, dressing up as a whore, and
rape skits and on a few occasions have even taken part in three-somes with my
husband and another man.

     Returning home from work one Friday, feeling somewhat kinky and in the
mood for something wild and crazy.  I went to the bedroom, stripped out of
my work clothes, then went to the bathroom for a relaxing bath.  I began to
wash myself, sliding my soapy hands over my neck to my breasts, down my stomach
and then down between my legs I began playing with myself thinking about the
first time I had an orgasm with another man.  Don't get me wrong, I've had men
bring me to orgasm before, before I was married, but, for some reason this time
was different, maybe because my husband was present.  Anyway, the next thing I
knew, he was making love to me and I was cumming off whispering to myself over
and over, "fuck me, fuck me," almost feeling the warmth as his own climax
entered my body, filling every inch inside of me.  Then I came.  I laid in the
hot tub for several minutes as the vision faded along with my orgasm, then I
stepped out of the tub and dried myself.

     I remember walking to the dresser saying to myself, "so, he want's me to
fuck other men huh, ok, I'll fuck'em, I'll fuck every man in sight!  I'll give
him one night he'll never forget!"  I picked out a black skirt, black see thru
blouse, bra and a very very sexy black lace teddy with attached garters and
finally, a pair of sheer black stockings.

     I went back to the bathroom and shaved my legs and then my pussy, which
I've kept nice and smoothe for years.  I then dressed and put on my make-up,
red lipstick with gloss and bright red nail polish.

     I met my husband at the door telling him to "hurry and get changed because
we were going out!"  He thought the outfit was for him and asked "what the
occasion was."  I told him that, "I had decided to give him what he had always
wanted, and to get ready before I changed my mind."  Needless to say he was
ready in half an hour, and we were at the club in 15 minutes.

     On the way to the club, I told my husband "that we should sit at different
tables and I would 'try' to come on to another guy and get something going."
"Of course," he said, "with the way your dressed, you can count on it?"

     We both walked into the club about 8:30 PM and went our separate ways, I
was at a table next to the dance floor and my husband was at the bar.

     The night seemed long, as I wondered just how I was to come on to these
guys.  I danced with a few, trying different approches with them, none which
seemed to work, then dancing with this one man, I decided to try something
direct, while dancing a slow dance I slid my hand down to his ass, pulling him
very close to me I whispered to him, "I am very very wet."  The man said in
return "well mabye I can do something about that."  I said, somewhat turned on,
"let's go."

     We walked out of the club to his car and got in the back seat and began
kissing and kissing and feeling and feeling, his hand was up my dress fingering
me, while my hand was on his cock feeling him getting harder and harder,
finally breaking our kiss I opened his pants and lowered my lips onto his cock.
His finger continued playing with my clit while my lips worked on him when
suddenly I began to cum, and cum, and cum.  Not long after, he began to moan,
then I felt my mouth being filled with his hot sperm, swallowing it all, I was
thinking to myself, this isn't any different than doing it with my husband.  I
reached under my skirt and pulled open the snaps from my teddy and laid back on
the seat pulling him on me, rubbing his cock on my pussy putting him inside of
me.  He fucked and fucked and fucked me, finally pulling out saying, he
"couldn't do it anymore."  Understandingly, I sat up and snapped my teddy and
said to him, "maybe next time," and returned to the club.

     While slow dancing with my husband, I filled him in step by step on
everything I did, then returned again to my table and ordered a drink.
Sometime later, I was asked to dance by a not so bad looking guy, he looked
younger than I, but I thought, what the hell and asked him back to my table.
His name was Bob and was 22, (about 10 years younger than me) blond hair and
blue eyes and a not so bad looking body.  Bob didn't seem the least bit
intimidated what so ever by the age difference, and didn't try to come off
older than he was, in fact he looked older than he was.  I almost felt a little
guilty of my intentions, but, on the other hand, he was still a man, all men
are alike probably even as we talked was thinking of a way he could get into my
panties.  The funny thing was, I was thinking of a way of getting to get "him"
into my panties, so to speak.

    As we talked, my mind skipped to the back seat of that guy's car, still not
believing that I did WHAT I did.  Sucking that guy was one thing, but what
really turned me on for some reason was him cumming in my mouth and swallowing
it.  The more I thought about it the more turned on I seemed to get.  Then I
fantasized about having sex with this guy.  By that time, I was so hot, I
actually felt a tingle between my legs, I had to excuse myself and go to the
ladies room and cool off before I came right there.  I sat on the seat in the
stall and felt myself, I couldn't believe how wet I was, I had totally soaked
my teddy, then I began fingering myself, I was on my way towards the big O, my
body felt at its highest erotic peek, I was almost lost within my own
pleasures, when all of a sudden I pulled my hand away, thinking, no, I want to
save this, I want to be totally out of control, I want this guy.  As hard as it
was, I wiped myself off and buttoned up then stood in front of the mirror and
applied lipstick to my lips, then returned to the table and Bob.  I thought to
myself, it's either now or never and said, trying not to come on to strong, but
to the point and yet still be some what of a lady, "wanta' go somewhere else?"
the guy's reaction was, where?  almost as if he knew what I had in mind, I
coyly replied, "how about someplace a little more private."  Bob looked at me
and I looked at Bob, waiting for his answer, running my tongue over the edge of
my glass.  As Bob finally began to speak, I felt little flutters in my stomach,
not sure what he might say, wanting him so much to say let's go.  Bob proceded
saying, "he would go anywhere with me, but there was one problem, and that was
that he had driven two of his other friends and he didn't feel it would be
right to go off and leave then stranded."

     I thought for a minute then said to Bob, "I have a great idea if you and
your friends are willing, we all could have a little fun."  Bob replied, "what
exactly did you have in mind," I said, "well if you guys wanted, we all could
go someplace a little private and try something different."

     Bob said, "let me get this straight, you'd be willing to take on three
guys," I replied, "the way I'm feeling right now, I sure would."  Bob then
said, "sounds good to me, give me a few minutes and I'll try to find my
friends, and then took off.  I went up to the bar to where my husband was and
filled him on what was about to happen then told him I might not be home
tonight.  He was most excited about the whole thing, I then gave him a little
kiss and wiggled my fingers, "see ya later."

     I walked around the club looking for Bob, finding him by the ladies room
talking to some guys.  Thinking they just might be the ones I'd be with tonight
I walked over to them more to get a better look, I looked at them and thought
to myself, not bad, not bad at all, then turned and went into the ladies room
to freashen up a bit, in another words, put on more lipstick and a little dab
of purfume in just the right places.  I to was quite excited about our little
get together and was ready and willing to do just about anything, and was sure
I would be doing just about everything.

     I walked out of the bathroom and found Bob standing in the same place he
was in when I passed him talking to the same guys and walked to him.  Turns out
that they were the guys.

     Bob introduced his friends to me, Jerry and Don and said, "they would be
more than happy to take me up on my offer," I said, "great, shall we go."  All
four of us walked out of the club into the parking lot to Bob's car, I got into
the front while Jerry and Don got into the back, and we drove off. Bob asked
"where I would like to go," I just said, "find the closest hotel."  Bob drove a
few blocks and pointed to a sign lit up saying VACANCY and said, "how about
this place, looks like they might have a room," I said, "It looks as good as
any."  Bob parked the car and went into the hotel to register and returned
shortly holding a room key saying were in room 121.

      I suddenly became very nervous as we walked around to the room, not
wanting to back out or anything like that, it was just, I was hoping I could
fully perform my duties as a woman and be able to please these men in any and
every way.

     Finding the room, Bob placed the key in the hole and opened the door,
allowing me to enter first.  I walked in the room followed by the three men and
walked to the bed sitting on the edge crossing my legs, pulling my skirt down
over my knee, still holding on to the fact, that I still am a lady, at least
for a little while longer.  I was really nervous now, as I watched Bob close
and lock the door, then pull the curtians closed.  I guess I knew things would
come down to this sooner or later, although it was only a little over an hour
ago when Bob asked me to dance, which seemed like only five minutes to me and
now, look where I am, how times flies when your're having fun.  One part of me
wanted to be back at the club and the other part of me wanted to be here.

     Bob came over to where I was sitting and sat next to me, not just jumping
into it, he placed his arm around me as we began to kiss.  Bob was looking and
I was glad to start with him first, he made me feel very comfortable
and relaxed, as if I was totally his, with no else around.

     As we continued to kiss, our tongues danced in each other's mouth, my legs
became unfolded but remained pressed together as he laid me on the bed. Shortly
after being in my new position Bob broke our erotic session of kissing and
looked at me running his finger over my face, down my neck to my breast, nicely
tucked beneath my clothes like present waiting to be opened.  One by one he
began to unbutton my blouse, as he told me how sexy I was, he moved the sheer
black material off both sides of my body.

     The idea of being undressed by a man was very much of a turn to me,
although most of the other times (when my husband wanted a three-some) I was
just wearing a teddy or something less and stripped it off myself.  Being with
Bob for the moment made me almost forget that there were other eyes watching me
every step of the way.  Bob's finger traced the entire edges of my bra on both
sides of my breasts almost as if he was deciding what to do next, finally, he
pulled the top of my teddy off my breasts and unsnapped my bra, exposing my not
so large but excited breasts and cupped his hand over one, slightly squeezing
and gently punching the nipple, then the other, sending wonderful signals
through my whole body.

     Bob moved his hand off my breasts and started to tongue and lick my nipple
while at the same time he began moving his hand on my leg, sliding farther and
farther up my skirt.  For some reason it seemed easier to expose by breasts
than it was to spread my legs, maybe because women's breasts are the visable
part of our body.  Realizing that this was really it, the final step, time to
show all and feeling a bit embarrassed, knowing the other men were watching and
knowing they were next, I spread my legs letting his hand slid up my leg and
over my crotch, his finger snaked inside my teddy darting in and out of my very
moist hole and flicking it over my clit, bringing me to the point I've waited
for all night, ORGASM, and I wanted him to make me cum.

     I was moaning and panting continuous as his finger worked on my love bud,
saying, "Oh God Yes, Don't Stop, I'm Gonna' cum," my body shivering and shaking
tring to cum but yet holding off as long as I could, then I let go, exploding
into, what seemed as a never ending series of orgasms, both vaginal and
clitoral orgasms.  My present lover got off the bed and began to undress, while
I continued laying there, my hand cupped over my crotch still in another world.

     Bob returned to the bed moving me up on the pillow, and crawled between my
legs which opened automatically, and pulled open the snaps from my teddy saying
now to get a better look.  After commenting on how sexy it looks he lowered his
head and began running his lips over my soft mound kissing the smoothe area
working his way down to the slit parting the lips and running his tongue over
the length darting in my already very wet hole.  Bob finished licking and then
leaned over me placing his over than average size cock at my hole and with
slight difficulties slowly eased in until every inch (of what looked to me was
at least 8 or 9 inches) was inside of me.  I began moaning from the second he
started to enter me, part was pure pleasure of him making love to me, the other
was a bit painful as Bob was much larger and thicker than my husband or my
other lovers, I almost felt like a virgin once again, having sex for the first
time, as I felt my opening being spread wide open which I quickly overcame with
his total enterance in me.  All sense of my lady like apperance faded with my
last orgasm as my moaning was non-stop and increased as he pumped his huge
organ faster and faster in me, with my legs tightly wrapped around him.   A
very strange and unusual thing happend, Bob whispered to me and asked "if it
was ok for him to cum inside of me," I giggled and said, "you bet," and
something like, in between my moans, "give it all to me, I want to feel your
hot juice inside me."  Bob began panting, slowing down a bit, I could feel as
his cock began to swell and get ultra extra hard (I love that feeling when a
man is about to cum) then he arched in me "OOOOOOOhhhhhhhhhhh," as I felt pulse
after pulse after pulse of his hot orgasm shoot deep into me.  Bob layed
breathlessly panting on me, slowly moving his member in me, then got up leaving
me on the bed and went to the bathroom.

     At Bob's return to the bed, he stood at the bottom looking at me finger a
large amount of cum which had dripped from my hole, and applying some to my
lips, licking it off.  Bob remarked, what a sight, I sat up looking down at the
large whith globs of cum sitting at the opening oozing out, while the other men
gathered around to also see.  Bob then collected his clothes and began to dress
saying he was going out to get some beer and would return shortly.  As I stood
up, feeling large amounts of cum dripping down my leg, I cupped my hand on my
crotch and smeared it all over then licked it from my fingers, giving the guys
a little show, then I made my way to the bathroom for a little clean-up.  I
returned to the bedroom with my teddy and bra back in place but left my blouse
unbottoned (it looked sexier that way), straightend my skirt and re-snapped the
crotch of my teddy, and went over to the closest man, Jerry, and started
kissing him, as I felt his hard cock through his pants, then slid down into a
kneeling position and proceeded opening his pants and pulling them down to his
knees, only to see his erection buldging through his bikini briefs, with about
an inch or so past the head peeking out from the top.  I began running my
finger over the shaft feeling the shape of his hard cock through the soft
material.  Not wanting to remove them just yet, I moved my lips to his cock
sliding my tongue over the material up to the bare skin exposed, then to the
head licking off the large drops of semen that formed.

     Jerry slid my blouse off my shoulder one arm at a time, then lifting me up
and pulling down my teddy and opening my bra, once again exposing my small
breasts.  Having sex with these men, so far, was nothing that I had expected, I
figured we'd get into the room and everyone would undress and have a
free-for-all with me.

     As Jerry caressed my breasts with his mouth as his hands moved around my
waist pulling down the zipper of my skirt, and with much ease slid it down my
hip, letting it fall to the floor.  I stepped out of the skirt as Jerry moved
me towards the bed and laid me down, then he removing his underwear and joining
me on the bed.  We french kissed for a short time feeling each other's body, I,
felt his cock, sliding my fingers over the slimy drops of semen that oozed out,
while he, had his hand inside my teddy crotch, fingering my hole and clit.

     After our short but erotic kissing session, I pulled opened the snaps of
my teddy then moved myself around on him to 69, immediately I took his cock
into my mouth, sliding my lips up and down the entire shaft, while at the same
time, Jerry's tongue moved over every inch of my cunt, darting in and out of my
hole, then hungerly licked my love bud.  After only about 10 minutes of making
love to his cock with my mouth he began moaning, then I felt his cock began to
swell, and then BOOM, I felt his hot load hit the back of my throat.  Wrapped
up with my own orgasm, I swallowed every drop of cum that entered my mouth,
just then, I reached the point of no return as the door opened and Bob walked
in, I climaxed.  Still on top of Jerry, sucking the head of his cock, and
licking my lips, I looked at Bob as he walked over to the bed, "Ummmmmmmmmm,
tastes sooooo good."  Bob replied, "give that lady a BUD!"  Jerry then said as
I moved off him, "God, that was good, no woman has ever sucked me like that
before, and swallowed all of it to.  Most girls, at least the ones I can talk
into sucking me, won't let me cum in their mouth's, and the ones that do, just
spit it out." I remarked pulling the tab open from a can of beer, "I'm the
best," Jerry simply said, "you sure are," I remarked once again, "I've never
had any complaints yet."

     Taking a little break, and a few minutes to digest my previous lover's
orgasm, I sat down by a small table located by the front window pulling up the
thin material of my teddy over my breasts, and talked a bit while I sipped on
my beer.  During the course of our conversation, Bob asked me a question, he
said, "now be honest, an average woman does not offer to go off with three men,
and I can tell right off your're not a hooker, so, what's a nice girl doing
with the three of us."  I thought for a second and said, "you want the real
truth, o.k., "it's my husband's idea.  His fantasy was for me to dress up like
a whore and pick a guy and well, let him do what ever he wanted with me, but, I
don't think he'd have expected me to end up with the three of you, then I
proceeded to tell them about the guy I met before Bob and how my husband got so
turned on when I told him how I sucked him in the back seat of his car and
swallowed his orgasm, and how the guy tried to fuck me, but couldn't.  Then I
said, "which wasn't good enough for him, he wanted me to find some guy to fuck
me and cum in me."  Their first reaction was, "wow, your're married, and your
husband wants you to fuck other men."  Bob then said, "well, if that's what he
wants, we'll give you something to tell him, won't we."  I replied, "I sure
will."

     I finished my second beer, and looked at Don waiting looking as if he was
going to be left out, the only guy, who had not yet had sex with me, I got up
and moved to where he was sitting crawling up between his legs on the bed
taking his cock in my hand and jerking it off a bit, sliding my fingers over
the goo that I squeezed from the head, I leaned down and took him in my mouth.
After a few minutes of sucking Don, I felt my legs being spread apart and
someone poking a cock at my hole as they began fucking me doggie style.  I
continued humping Don's cock in my mouth till he orgasmed, again, swallowing
every ounce of his cum.  Then feeling the fimiliar pulse inside me, I knew
Jerry, who was doing me doggie, had came.  With his cock still in me, I sat up
throwing my arms around Jerry behind me and started kissing him while his hands
caressed my breasts.  My hand moved down to my cunt feeling Jerry's cock slide
in and out of my hole, I began fingering some of the cum on my clit until I
once again orgasmed.

     After cleaning myself, I grabbed a beer and took a short break.
Afterwords, Bob lead me over to the bed and laid me down, and started rubbing
his cock over my nipple, he then positioned himself over my chest placing his
huge cock first in my mouth getting it wet then between my tits sliding back
and forth while I squeezed them together.  After about 15 or 20 minutes of dick
sucking, and tit fucking, Bob sat up grabbing his cock jerking it off and came,
shooting his load all over my face, in my mouth and neck and tits,

     I reached up rubbing the white thick goo all over my face and lips licking
my fingers, while Bob smeared the cum over my tits with his cock and putting it
in my mouth to lick off.

     After yet another trip to the bathroom, I returned to the bed, and
addressed Dan, while fingering myself, telling him how much I'd love to feel
him inside me.  Dan moved to the bed and began licking my cunt for a short
time, then positioned himself on top of me, and slipped his cock in my hole,
while at the same time I fingered my clit, until we both orgasmed together.

     On my last trip to the bathroom, I took my clothes, cleaned up and
dressed, as the men were when I came out.  We checked out of the hotel and they
drove me home, where my husband fucked me, cumming three times as I told him of
the foregoing story.

                                    THE END
