"THREE MEN AND ME"


    I had been living in the state for almost two years and in my
apartment for over six months.  I cruised the bars at least once a
week, sometimes twice.  I've always managed to pick up someone to
go home with, but never have I been able to find the right one to
fulfill my fantasy.  That all changed one night as I left to go
forth on the hunt for that nights good time.

    Up until a month ago I was the only one living in my building. 
All the apartments in my building are two bedrooms and for the
longest time I guess, nobody wanted to rent a two bedroom
apartment.  Then a month ago, I was awakened early in the morning
by some loud banging and people talking.  I jumped up and looked
out my bedroom window and saw a moving truck out front.  I quickly
threw on some clothes and ran to the door to see what my new
neighbors looked like.  They were moving into the apartment across
from mine.  There was three of them.  All men!  The first one I saw
looked about 34.  He had dark hair and a beard.  His face looked
very rough, with strands of gray running through his beard.  As he
carried a big box into his apartment I could see his arms and his
strong muscular legs in his tight fitting worn out jeans.  As he
walked back out for another box I had a perfect view of his front. 
Either he had two pairs of socks stuck in his pants or he was
gigantic!  He saw me standing in my doorway, wearing next to
nothing and my pom pom slippers.  He must have noticed I was
looking at his crotch.  He stopped and placed his hand on his hips
and said "hi!  See anything you like?"  I was so embarrassed that
I just turned and walked back into my apartment and closed the
door.  Soon after I shut the door I heard them laughing.  I figured
they were straight and now know I am gay!  I could just imagine
what they were saying.  "We have a god damn homo for a neighbor!" 
I couldn't help myself, I had to open the door a crack to get a
look at the other two.  The second one was in his late twenties. 
He had light brown hair and was clean shaven.  Other than that he
was very hot looking!  I only had a chance to see his back' but his
ass was fine! It filled his cut off jeans so nicely!  He also had
strong hairy legs.  The third one was twenty-three to twenty-five. 
He had black hair and deep blue eyes.  He was about five foot five,
with a very muscular body.  As he walked into his apartment I saw
his picture perfect ass.  I stood and watched them for about ten
minutes more and began to fantasize about them.  I took out my dick
and jackedoff as I watched them through the crack in the door.  I
must have made some noise when I came because, one of them was
walking out when and he stopped and stared at the door for a few
minutes.

    I did everything I could to avoid them over the next couple of
weeks.  I was afraid they might make fun of me or something worse
so I stayed away.  Everything was going great until tonight!

    I spent my usual two hours getting ready to go to the bars. 
Assuring everything was right.  I always tried to dress as much
like a tramp as I could.  Paying special attention to my cock and
ass, so people could see what I had to offer.  My cock when hard
was nine and a half inches and as thick as a stick of pepperoni. 
My balls were large and hung nicely full of cum for my victim that
night.  My ass is well rounded and firm.  The kind of ass that gets
men hard just by watching it walk by them.  Then they try all night
to get me to go home with them so they can fuck it.  I might dress
like a tramp, but the most anyone gets from me is my big dick up
their asshole!  I haven't yet found a man, man enough to take my
ass!  Ever since I stumbled upon my fantasy I haven't been able to
let anyone fuck me until I make it happen.  This night I was
unusually horny.  As I was getting ready to go I noticed two of the
guys who live across from me walking to the pool.  Their bathing
suits hugged the asses so tight it gave me a super hard-on
wondering what their front looked liked.  I put the finishing
touches on my wardrobe which included a pair of handcuffs and a
leather tie around my neck.

    I walked out the door and locked it.  I walked down the hall
and down the stairs to the parking lot.  I was almost to my car
when I heard someone say hi.  I looked around and sitting in his
car was the first guy I saw!  My heart jumped into my throat as he
got out of his car and he spoke with me.  "Hi!  I was wondering if
you could help me? I was on my way out to this place, but I don't
know my way around very good yet and I need directions."  It took
a second for me to swallow my heart and with a shaky voice said
"yea, I think I can help.  Where is it you are going?"  He pulled
a piece of paper out of his pocket with an address on it and handed
it to me.  I looked at the address and it was for a place on the
other side of town.  I told him that I would have to write the
directions down for him because they were to difficult for him to
remember.  He told me to hold on and he ran back to his car and
grabbed his keys and locked it up.  He then told me to come to his
place and he would get me a pen and some paper to write down the
directions.

    We walked towards the building with him leading the way until
we reached the stairs.  Some how things then changed and I was
leading him up the stairs.  The shock of him talking to me, made me
forget the way I was dressed.  The handcuffs hanging out of the
back of my pants. I also forgot about the big rip in the back of my
pants showing almost my whole left ass cheek.  I heard him say "mm
nice!"  As we walked up the stairs, but I didn't pay any attention
to it.  We walked down the hall to his door and he slid the key
into the lock and opened the door.

    I walked into his apartment and was immediately impressed.  The
place was immaculate!  Not what I expected with three single males
living there.  They had fine furniture and nice paintings on the
walls.  I walked further into the apartment I then saw one of his
other roommates lounging on a love seat.  It was the short black
hair one.  He was completely naked except for a terry cloth wrap
around his waist.  He stood up when I walked into the livingroom
and I got an eye full.  His wrap separated as he stood and I saw
his soft cock and balls flash at me.  It was five inches long and
thick and that was soft.  I felt my groin start to stir.  Standing,
the cloth didn't close all the way and I could see the mushroom
head of his cock hanging down.  With him standing in front of me
like that, there was nothing I could do to stop from getting a
hard-on!  The blood rushed into my thickening cock uncontrollably
and soon it was stiff as a board.  The pants I was wearing showed
the outline of my cock even soft, so now it was even more visible. 
He reached out his hand and said "hi!  My name is Jeff.  And you
are?"  I took hold of his hand and he squeezed very hard as we
shook.  This did not help matters!  It excited me even more to feel
his strong masculine grip as we shook hands.  I wanted to fall to
my knees and tear off his wrap and swallow his manhood right then
and there!  Again with a shaky voice hoping neither of them would
notice how turned on I was, I told him my name.  "Chris, my name is
Chris!"  My nervousness was showing and there was nothing I could
do.  Just when I thought I was going to have to stand there and
talk with him, in walked the one looking for directions.  "I found
a pen and some paper."  He said.  I then asked him what his name
was?  He told me his name was Pete.  "Come over to the table and
sit down and write those directions."  I quickly moved over to the
table and sat down before anyone could notice my condition.  I
started to write but I was so nervous it looked like chicken
scratch.  Pete noticed this and asked me if I would like a beer. 
I told him yes and he walked off into the kitchen.  Soon after he
left, Jeff got up and walked into the kitchen too.  I sat at the
table alone for just a minute and in walked their other room mate. 
I introduced myself and he told me his name was Carl.  He asked me
where his room mates were and I told him.  He then headed off into
the kitchen.  After a few minutes Pete came back in and gave me my
beer.  He told me he'd be right back and walked into the kitchen
again.

    I sat there for a few minutes and drank my beer and finished
the directions.  After that I had time to sit and think about what
I was going to do tonight.  That is when I realized the way I was
dressed.  My heart began to race a mile a minute.  I just wanted to
get out of there as fast as I could!  I knew that coming into their
house the way I was dressed was asking for trouble!  I didn't know
what kind of trouble, but I wasn't going to wait and find out!  I
started to get up when the door to the kitchen opened and in walked
Pete.  He came over to the table and stood next to me.  I grabbed
the directions and turned my head towards him.  I gulped and
swallowed my spit when I noticed I was staring him right in the
crotch!  I could see perfectly the outline of his huge fuck tool
and balls, hanging soft in his tight jeans.  I raised my eyes
upward to see his face and he had a grin on it.  He knew I was
looking at his cock and that I wanted it!

    I handed him the paper and stood up.  I told him that it was
time for me to go and he said "what's the hurry?"  Suddenly I felt
someone grab my wrists and then slap a pair of handcuffs on them. 
My handcuffs!  I was then bent over the table and I felt someone
undo my pants and pull them off me.  I was then stood up facing
Pete and my shirt was ripped off, from behind.  Pete stood there
looking me up and down with that grin on his face.  He took his
right hand and grabbed both my cock and my balls and squeezed them
hard.  With the other hand he reached around behind me and shoved
his hand into the crack of my ass.  "Listen here faggot!  The three
of us have decided to give you what you want!  We are going to show
you just how good three MEN can fuck your face and asshole!"

    I was dragged into one of the bedrooms and bent over two bar
stools that had been pushed together.  The first one I saw was
Jeff.  He removed the terry cloth he was wearing and now stood in
front of me completely naked.  He showed off a little as to how
magnificent his body was by flexing his muscles and then turned his
back to me.  His bare ass was now moving right into my face.  He
took his hands and spread his well formed ass cheeks wide.  I was
now staring at his pink butthole.  He had very little hair on his
ass.  It made me think of a little boy at play showing off to his
friends.  It kept puckering up at me, begging me to taste it with
my long tongue.  "Eat my asshole faggot!  Shove your hot wet tongue
up my shit hole!  Lick it clean!"  He moved just close enough for
my tongue to touch it.  I stuck out my tongue and began to lick
around his asshole.  Jeff's body began to twitch and heave as I
used pressure with my tongue on his hole.  He pushed his ass back
burying my face into it.  I drove my tongue as far up his asshole
as I could.  He let out a deep moan and seemed to melt away as I
began to tongue fuck his hot hole.  I drove my tongue as far in as
it would go and moved it around inside his tender butt.  I then
pulled it out and shoved it back in as hard and as fast as I could. 
Only a minute passed when he jumped up and yanked my tongue out of
his hole.  He quickly spun around and stuck his pounding hard dick
into my mouth and shot a big thick load of his hot cum into my
mouth.  As I sucked the cum from his dick I saw him shaking and
withering and rolling his eyes around in his head because of the
sensation he was having from his orgasm.  He had both hands locked
around my head and his cock was deep in my throat.  The whole time
he was yelling "OH YEA!  OH YEA!  SWALLOW MY DICK!"  He must have
repeated it several times before he finished cumming.  It seemed
like I had given him something he wasn't able to get from anyone
else and that was a good ass eating.  When he was through he walked
over to a big easy chair that was in a perfect place to watch the
festivities that were about to happen and sat in it.  He sat there
with a fixed gaze looking at me for awhile.  He was the best
looking of the three and to have him were I could see his naked
body and how he would react as he watched me satisfy his friends
any way they wanted me to, made everything more exciting for me.

    Pete was the next one.  He stood in front of my face and slowly
opened his pants.  He then reached deep inside them and pulled out
his thickening piece of manmeat.  His cock and balls were sized
perfectly, to his big masculine frame.  I licked my lips as I
stared at his fuck tool.  Wanting to suck his balls dry of as much
cum as he could muster!  He moved closer and lifted his dick up and
told me to open my mouth wide.  I did so and he took his balls and
shoved them into my mouth and told me to suck them.  I watched his
dick grow big and hard as I sucked his huge balls and he played
with it.  The head of his cock stuck up over my head about two
inches.  It was a gorgeous specimen of male sex meat.  If he was to
walk into a gay bar he would have to fight them faggots off because
he was so fine looking and here I was about to have him any way he
wanted me.  He slid his balls out of my mouth and replaced them
with his dick.  He didn't give me time to get used to his cock
before he slid it all the way down my throat.  Without missing a
beat he fucked my face.  Pulling his dick out of my mouth and then
sliding it all the way down my throat almost into my stomach.  I
worked as hard as I could to give him the best blowjob I could.  As
he slid his cock out I would play with it with my tongue and when
it was in my throat I would swallow on it.  He got very turned on
quickly because each time I would do something he would pick up
speed and fuck my face faster.  It was now his turn to cum. 
Instead of cumming in my throat he backed it out some and worked
his shaft with his hand.  I received almost a quart of hot male
juice into my mouth.  As he pumped his cum into my mouth he said to
me "eat my cum!  Taste my ball juice as it rolls over your tongue
and down your throat!"  He slid his dick out of my mouth and rubbed
it all over my face and smacked my cheeks with it.

    He moved away and I looked at the chair in which Jeff had been
sitting.  He has gone!  Just then I felt a hand with something wet
on it at my asshole.  Before I could turn and see who it was they
drove their finger deep up my hot butthole and I let out a deep
long moan.  I turned my head and there was Jeff.  His cock was hard
and bobbing up and down as the blood surged through it.  There was
a drop of precum glistening on the end of it.  I smiled at him and
closed my eyes and turned my head back.  I laid there awaiting his
cock to enter my ass.  I felt him run his head up and down the
crack of my ass until he located my glory hole.  Slowly I felt him
apply pressure until my sphincter opened and his head started to
slide in.  He kept the pressure up and when he had driven all eight
inches of his fuck tool into me, he flexed it and I felt it swell
inside my ass.  He started slowly to pull it out and then slide it
back in.  He fucked me like that for about fifteen minutes.  I
never had a man fuck me so tenderly before!  His cock felt so good
and the way he fucked me made me feel every inch because my ass
didn't go numb from the friction.  My own cock was about to explode
from it!  Then he began to pick up speed.  I knew the end was near
and I wanted him to get the most from it he could.  I clamped my
asshole muscles down around his hard cock as he drove it in me. 
Within seconds I felt him shooting his hot man cum into my bowels. 
He had every inch of his dick up my asshole and was moaning and
hollering as he gave me a huge gusher of cum up my ass.  He stood
there for a few minutes flexing his cock until he was sure he had
given me every last drop of his love juice.  He slowly slid it out
and without saying a word returned to the chair and sat down.

    Carl was the next one.  He walked over to me and picked me up
by my handcuffed arms.  He threw me down on my back on the bed,
digging the handcuffs into my wrists.  I laid there in pain and
watched him strip.  One look at his naked body made me forget the
pain I was in.  As he pulled off his pants his cock was almost
fully hard.  He had nine and a half inches and it was as big around
as a silver dollar.  The mushroom head of his dick was fully
engorged with blood and precum was dripping out of it.  Watching
Jeff fuck me must have turned him on alot.  He spit on his hand and
rubbed it all over his cock bringing it to full attention.  The
look on his face as he approached me was one of rage and lust.  I
knew I was going to get a rough hard fucking.  He grabbed my legs
and lifted them up onto his shoulders.  Lifting  my ass clear off
the bed.  He didn't hesitate a second.  He grabbed hold of his huge
fuck pole and quickly located my asshole.  He then leaned forward
raising me up onto my shoulders and buried every inch of his meat
into my ass.  He then took hold of my legs and pushed them up
almost to my head.  He then began to slide his monstrous cock in
and out of my asshole as fast as he could.  On his down thrust he
drove his cock into me so hard the bed slid on the floor.  He only
lasted about two minutes and he was pumping my gut full of his
steaming hot cum.  It was strange, he seemed to be the roughest and
meanest of three, but when he came he kept telling me "Oh your
asshole feels so good around my cock!  Damn it feels good!"  It
took him awhile to calm down from his orgasm and he kept me in the
position he fucked me in until he pulled his cock out from my ass. 
Once he was off me I straightened out my legs and rolled over onto
my stomach to let the blood circulate to my limbs.  I looked over
at Jeff and he was sitting there playing with his again hardening
dick.  I looked around the room and saw Pete and Carl talking by
the door.  Carl had a big grin on his face and he was telling Pete
how good my asshole was.  I saw a clock on the side of the bed.  I
had been there for over two hours and I didn't want it to end.

    I got myself up off the bed and walked over to Jeff who was
still masturbating his big dick.  I got down on my knees and pushed
his hand away with my head.  I then gave him a slow, deep ball
working blowjob. He sat there with his eyes fixed on his cock as it
disappeared into my throat and then back out again.  His eyes would
open wide each time I slide it into my mouth.  I could feel his
cock grow bigger and bigger each time I swallowed it.  His balls
pulled up tight to his shaft and his head filled my throat and I
knew it was that time again.  Before I could get him off, Pete
walked over and pulled me off him.  He took me back over to the bed
and laid me on my back.  He picked up my legs and impaled me with
his huge dick.  Once he was sure he was all the way in me he rolled
us over so I was sitting on his impaler.  I then felt someone else
behind me.  It was Carl and his cock was hard again and he was
lubing it up.  I then felt the head of his cock at my asshole. 
Pete grabbed my hips holding me still and Carl began to force his
monster dick up my asshole.  I had never had so much cock up my ass
at one time and I could not help yell and beg them to stop!  They
didn't pay any attention to me.  Soon Carl was all the way up my
ass too!  The two of them began to alternate fucking my butt.  My
asshole was stretched so wide I could feel it ripping!  The two of
them kept sliding their cock in and out of my asshole as fast as
they could.  Luckily for me the friction they caused had them
cumming in no time.  The feeling of their two hard sex meats
pumping their cum into  my asshole hit my magic button.  There was
no warning and Pete was getting sprayed from belly button to head
with the biggest amount of cum I ever saw shoot out my piss slit. 
My second shot hit Pete right in the mouth.  A nice big glob of my
cum had gone into his mouth.  The next shot went all over his face
so he didn't have time to spit it out and he had to swallow it. 
They rolled me onto my side and slid their dick's out of my ass at
the same time causing me great pain.  Pete then jumped up and ran
into the bathroom to clean off the present I had just given him.

    I laid on my back on the bed with my asshole throbbing.  I knew
I was wrecked for the rest of the night.  Jeff sat in his chair
laughing aloud.  He then walked over to me with his hard dick
swaying back and forth as he walked.  He laid down next to me and
told me that Pete deserved what he got for hurting me that way.  He
asked me if there was anything he could do to help and I told him
to sit on my chest and fuck my face.  He smiled and climbed up onto
my chest.  I took his dick into my mouth and his hips began to move
automatically.  He slid his cock deep into my throat and back out. 
When he slid it back in, he came.Emptying his balls again into my
stomach.  He slid his dick out of my mouth and got up.  He walked
over to my pants that were on the floor and began searching the
pockets.  Soon his hand emerged with my keys.  He came back over to
me and rolled me onto my stomach and removed the handcuffs.

    When Pete and Carl came back into the room they saw the
handcuffs off and asked if that meant the fun was over?  I told
them that I had a fantasy and if they wouldn't mind I like to act
it out with each of them.  They talked it over and agreed to give
it a try and asked what I wanted them to do.  I told them that I
wanted to be alone with each one of them.  Starting with Carl and
then Pete and finally Jeff.  They all agreed and Pete and Jeff left
the room.  For what happened with each one of them, use your
imagination.  I'll tell you it was GREAT!  They weren't as straight
as they acted once they were alone with me.  One more thing, the
last thing I did was to take Jeff's virginity!

THE END
