                                THREE ON A SPREE
                                    by C.K.O.

                                   CHAPTER 1

        Penny was seventeen; a pretty little thing, whose slim, young body
attracted male attention.  She looked like some Florentine madonna with her
pale face and sensual lips, set in a frame  of magnificent chestnut hair, that
glinted red in the sun.  The impression was confirmed by the innocent
expression in her clear, blue, doll's eyes.

        It was a month since she had left school and started looking for work.
The aunt, who had previously kept her and paid for her studies, had just died
in a car accident, and Penny was making contact with the hardships of life.

        On that particular morning, she was on her way to an address given her
by a Students' Employment Bureau.  When she arrived in front of the rather
luxurious building to which she had been sent, she took out the visiting card
and, for the last time, checked the name of the man she had cone to see. Victor
Jennings, Esq., Barrister-at-Law, third floor.

        As she walked up the stairs, the child began to pray that this time it
would work and that she would find a job.  Until now her efforts had been a
resounding failure because of her youth and lack of training, and the little
store of money was dwindling.  Trembling with fright, she rang the bell, and
the door opened to reveal a young woman, elegantly dressed, who smiled
curiously at Penny.  Penny explained that she had come about the post of
secretary, that is, if it was still vacant.

        The young woman, who appeared to be about thirty years of age, looked
at Penny with undissimulated interest, and invited her into the lounge.  "Do
sit down, Miss Harvey.  I am Mrs. Jennings and I am expecting my husband to
arrive at any moment now.  But, if you don't mind, I'll ask you some questions
first?  That will save us from wasting time."  How old did you say you were?"

        "Seventeen, madam."

        "Oh! how young you are.  But anyone can see that by your baby face."

        "Am I too young?" asked Penny, almost in tears.

        "Not at all, not at all.  On the contrary.  Victor is looking for a
young secretary.  What training have you had?"

        "None."

        "Well, that doesn't really matter.  We can soon teach you, unless
you're stupid, and you don't look it."

        "You think I'll suit, madam?" asked Penny timidly.

        "I'm sure of it," laughed the young woman.  "But it's my husband who
has to decide."

        "Perhaps he'll think I'm too childish." sighed Penny.

        "Not at all.  I am sure he will find you greatly to his liking." said
Mrs. Jennings, smiling mysteriously.

        At that moment, they heard the noise of a key turning in the lock, and
a distinguished, handsome man of about forty, wearing a well-cut suit, came
into the lounge.

        "Ah, here comes my husband," the women cried gaily.  "Darling, this is
a young lady, who has come about the post of secretary."

        "How do you do, young lady.  Well, Carola, send her into my office, and
we'll see what we can do."

        "You know, dear, I've already had a long talk with her, and I think
she'll do very well."

        "Well, we'll soon see if that is so."

        All three moved into a very comfortable office.  Penny sat in a deep
armchair, and Mr. Jennings, standing close to his wife began to ask her some
questions.  After a few minutes, he smiled at the child, and said, "Well, I
think we'll get along very well together, but I have one last question to ask.
Have you any family in Paris?"

        "Alas, no sir.  My aunt died a month ago and all I have left is a
godmother living in the country."

        "No fiance', no boyfriend?"

        "No sir," whispered Penny, blushing like a rose.

        Victor asked you that, because if you're going to work for him, you can
come and live here," said Carola, smiling at the young girl's embarrassment.

        "Well, Miss Penny, this is the way it would work," the lawyer went on.
"You would help Carola with my secretarial duties; my wife will teach you how
to type.  You will have your own room here, take your meals with us and receive
thirty thousand francs a month.  Are you interested?"

        "But...but...but..." Penny was overwhelmed.  "This is marvellous.
You're too kind.  I don't know how to thank you..."

        "Don't try, my dear little Penny.  You'll allow me to use your
Christian name, won't you?  Besides, I count on your being friends with my
wife, who is alone a great deal.  Now, if you start tomorrow, that gives you
all today to prepare your affairs, and tomorrow morning.  I shall come and
collect you at your hotel in the car.  Then you will settle in here.  Does that
suit you?"

        "Oh yes," cried Penny, radiant.

        "But, Victor, darling," the interruption came from the lawyer's wife.
"You forgot to warn Penny about the condition."

        As these words, Penny's heart sank; so there was a condition; she
should have realized as much.  It was much too good to be true, and she
probably wouldn't be able to fulfil the condition.  She hung her head
despairingly, and missed the significant look exchanged by the other two

        "True, very true," said Mr. Jennings.  "I don't quite know how to
explain it.  Let's see...Miss Penny, I am sure you will be a perfect secretary,
but even so, I expect you will make mistakes from time to time."

        "My husband is very fussy about that," added Carola with a smile. "I
have good reasons for knowing it."

        "As I was saying," the lawyer went on, "you will probably make some
mistakes.  Now in some firms I know each mistake earns a black mark and a
warning, until finally the person gets the sack.  But my methods are different,
I think it is very unkind to sack a young girl, who, after all, is doing her
best.  I find it more natural, to inflict some punishment for each error. Don't
you agree with me?"

        "Ye-yes sir," murmured Penny, who really didn't see what he was driving
at.

        "And as secretaries are generally women, what does a man do, when he
wants to punish a woman?"

        "I don't know, sir."

        "He smacks her bottom, as if she were just as little girl...right,
Carola?"

        "Oh yes," replied the young woman, laughing.  "I've been through it
often enough to know your famous system."

        "Well, young lady.  Do you think you'll be able to stand your
employer's hidings?"

        "I...I...I do...don't know," poor Penny stammered out.  "I'll try," she
said with a shy smile.

        I'll not turn down a goo job for that, she thought.  She'd had enough
when she was a kid, and it couldn't be that bad with a good-looker like her new
boss.

        "I'm so pleased you've accepted," said Carola, putting her arm around
the child's shoulder, and kissing her on the forehead.  "Now you'll share the
hidings, that I had to take by myself before.  You'll soon see, my dear.  We're
going to be real friends.  I like you very much, you know. You're very pretty,
isn't she, Victor?"

        "It's true.  The young lady is very pretty, and I also like her very
much.  We should, all three, get on very well together.


                                   CHAPTER 2

        The next day, Penny settled into her room, which was right next to that
of her new friends.  They had been so kind, she considered them far more as
friends than employers.  The first few days went off very well. Carola taught
her to type and explained the work to her, but after a little while, Penny
couldn't hep noticing that Carola's attitude was becoming more and more
affectionate.  It was no longer the lawyer's wife speaking to a secretary; but
a gentle woman, spoiling her little friend.  At the beginning, Penny was a
little embarrassed, then amused, but finally, her tender little heart, which
was already attracted by the tall brunette, went out to meet Carola's advances.
This was all the easier, because at school she had already had a great friend,
a girl, who was in love with her body, and, in secret, had covered it with
lascivious caresses, daring or not, depending on the place

        Carola noticed that her advances were no longer being rebuffed and
became bolder.  One day when Penny was putting away some clothes she had just
ironed, the young women entered her room to talk to her.  "Are you happy here,
dear?" she asked.

        "Oh yes, Carola.  You and Mr. Jennings are so kind to me, I don't know
how to tell you how happy I am."

        "But that's not difficult," replied Carola her voice suddenly hoarse.
"Give me a kiss with your lovely mouth.  I've been dying for that since I first
saw you."

        "There," said Penny, with a nervous laugh, and, playing innocent, she
kissed her friend on the cheek.

        "Are you stupid or trying to be clever?" asked Carola as she took her
face between her hands, and without leaving time for a reply, she pressed her
fleshy, burning lips on to Penny's fruity mouth.  Carola slid her wet tongue
between the child's teeth, and, forcing her to open her mouth, she began to
caress Penny's palate, covering her tongue with caresses and warm saliva.
Heated by this labial contact, the two women pressed hard against each other,
until at last, Penny, breathless, managed to tear her face away from Carola's
voracious mouth.

        "It's not right," she whispered gently to her friend.  "You have your
husband who loves you, and if ever he found out..."

        "Sweetheart," murmured Carola, caressing her cheeks, "oh! how you
please me.  Oh! how I love you, my darling.  Don't worry; Victor knows all my
tastes and he realizes that if I have a girlfriend, that doesn't stop me from
loving him madly...besides he gives way to all my whims."

        "All of them?" asked Penny maliciously; "all of them, except when you
have to have a hiding."

        "That's right."  Carola burst out laughing.  "I can't get out of that."

        "But he can't be that strict," said Penny with a note of interrogation
in her voice.  "He's threatened us two or three times already, but it's never
come to anything."

        "Are you in such a hurry," asked Carola banteringly.  "Don't worry, my
little dove, it'll come and I bet it won't be long before these pretty little
buttocks blush beneath the blows and my little darling cries like a bucket."

        "Never," exclaimed the sweet young child.  "I'll take the himing, but
I'll grit my teeth.  I'll not cry."

        "What a brave little thing," mocked Carola,  "I'll guarantee that if
Victor wants to make you cry, he'll do so.  You don't think you're braver than
I am, do you?  Well, when he wants to, he makes me cry and beg like a child."

        "You're frightening me," whispered the little girl.

        "No.  No, darling.  You'll see.  It's a bit hard to endure, but
afterwards, when his huge hands caress the buttocks he has just beaten, it's
wonderful."

        "I'd be so ashamed," exclaimed Penny, carrying on with the task of
tidying her room.  As she was putting away a pile of clothes, Carola exclaimed;
"But honey.  You're still wearing knickers!" and she picked up a white cotton
pair and looked at them in scorn, while Penny, ashamed, babbled: "I am wearing
them out because silk and nylon ones are too expensive for me."

        Carola was touched and said: "Poor little thing, come into my room.
I"ll give you a few that I don't use anymore.  You can try them on.  Come on."
Mrs. Jennings dragged the girl into her own room, and, opening a drawer, she
pulled out a dozen briefs of all shapes and colors.  "Look, Penny dear, I'll
give you that one and that one, and look at this beauty." She held up a lovely
pair of pink panties edged with white lace.  "Look how cute it is.  Try it on."

        "I...I...I don't dare," stammered Penny, as she watched Carola
advancing towards her with shining eyes.

        "Would you like me to help you?" whispered Carola.  And slowly she
lifted the child's skirt taking pleasure in the gradual revelation of the long
thighs sheated in transparent stockings, held up by pink suspenders.  Above the
stockings, the velvety, milky flesh of the thighs betrayed the rather
pronounced swelling of the pubis, under the chaste covering of the cotton
knickers that moulded the sexual triangle so tightly that the slit was visible.
Carola's cheeks were red with excitement as she examined the round little
bottom held prisoner by the material that was stretched to bursting point.

        "Hold your skirt," she whispered to the little girl, who was blushing
in confusion.  "I'm going to take your knickers down as if you were my little
baby."

        Then the young woman knelt down in front of Penny and, putting her arms
around the curving rump, she pressed her mouth throughout the material on the
swelling of the mount of Venus, gently savouring the light delicate odor that
came from under the warm knickers.  In her excitement, she caressed Penny's
groin with her tongue and tried to slip one curious finger under the edge of
the panties, but it was too tight for Carola's lascivious curiosity to be
satisfied.

        Her hands rose towards Penny's waist, and pulling on the elastic of the
knickers, she rolled it slowly down, her eyes fixed on the girl's abdomen.  She
quivered in pleasure when the first hairs made their appearance over the silky
mound.  Brusquely, she pulled it down to the girl's knees, while Penny, her
cheeks aflame, still holding her skirt, panted slightly as she allowed herself
to be admired.

        The fleece, of a beautiful bronze, was most abundant for her age. This
redness and the pale blue veins that appeared under her skin, emphasized the
milkiness of her complexion.  Carola was untoxicated and pillowed her burning
face against the silky perfumed cushion, but it was no longer enough for her.
In one bound she rose, and kissed the girl passionately on the mouth, forcing
her hardened tongue between her teeth.  Then, standing away, she took her arm
and tried to drag her towards the bed.  Penny stumbled for the knickers around
her knees prevented her from walking.  Carola helped her to take, them off,
then threw her on the satin counterpane.

        "No, no," Penny protested feebly.  "What if your husband came
back...and weren't we to try on your panties?"

        "Don't be frightened, my love," whispered Carola.  "Victor will be gone
for a long time, and you can try on the panties afterwards...I want you too
much; I want to caress you, lick you, suck you."

        As she said this, she opened the thighs fo the young girl, who no
longer resisted.  Hidden in the mass of hair, Penny's quim was offered to the
greedy eyes of her friend.  The plump, pink lips formed a pretty, vertical
mouth between her thighs.  Carola lay down between the thighs of her secretary
and with delicate fingertips, she separated the thick lips, uncovering the
bright pink interior of the carnal shell, damp with desire, giving out the
heady perfume of a young girl's clean but excited sex.  The little nymph's
insides were even a brighter red and look like a baby's mouth.  Carola pulled
harder on the outer lips, causing the cunt to yawn.  The damp slit of the
vagina stood revealed while, higher up, the tiny opening to the bladder seemed
to be grimacing beneath the delicate clitoris which pointed its little pink
nose at the corner of the inside lips.

        Carola stuck out her tongue, and greedily she began to lick the open
flesh, intoxicated by the gentle contact of the damp membranes, savouring the
salty, acid taste.  With slobbering tongue, she covered the sex with saliva,
then hardening it into a point, she thrust it into the vagina, entering and
leaving like a little penis.  Finally she abandoned this pleasant play, and
began to jab with her tongue at the erect, prominent button, then, and began to
suck and titillate it so gently that Penny began to purr with pleasure like
some playful kitten, while her little belly slapped against her friend's face.

        "Carola...No...No..." she stammered confusingly, feeling pleasure
rising in her.  "Stop, Carola, stop...I'm so ashamed!"

        But Carola was encouraged by these ecstatic groans and murmured
plaints, and speeded up her caresses.  Suddenly Penny's body arched like a bow;
her sex began to palpitate, and a mellow, unctuous liquid flowed from her
sticky lips while a pleasurable rattle traversed her half-open mouth.  Carola
rested her face against the child's thigh while Penny recovered after the wild
joy that had just shaken her, then, when she felt that Penny was more composed,
she skillfully lapped up the excess liquid that had dribbled onto the redhead's
thighs.  Then she lay down beside her, and taking her face in her hands, she
kissed the heavy eyes and smiling mouth with passion.

        "Tell me, darling," she asked timidly, "would you like to caress me a
little too?"

        "Oh yes, Carola darling.  I want to return all the joy you gave me,"
murmured Penny.

        "Thank you, sweetheart.  You are a love."  She rose and began to slide
out of her dress and underskirt.  She took off her brassiere, revealing two
magnificent breasts, then pulling off her black nylon briefs she offered
herself to Penny's admiring glances before helping her to undress completely
too.  When they were naked, they embraced each other rubbing their burning
bodies together.  Then Carola stretched the younger girl out on her back, sat
astride her, head to foot, and lowered her well-divided rump onto the pretty
face.  Carola's black fleece was short and curly, just like a velvet muff
around two greedy, reddish-brown lips, slit deep and wide.  The huge clitoris
was stiff and scarlet, shining with anticipated desire.  The young woman
lowered her bottom, and covered Penny's mouth with ger wet and hairy shell,
while the sweet child, recalling the caresses of her boarding school days,
began to manipulate her inquisitive tongue.  Meantime Carola was kissing her
belly and thighs, when suddenly she seized Penny's legs and turned her rump
around towards her, so that she could get at the young bottom.  With both hands
she separated the plump buttocks and licked the deep, damp slit.  Then she
uncovered the little hole, which she damped with saliva, before placing against
it, her tongue, stiff as a penis, and trying to drive it in.

        Penny trembled with pleasure at this unknown, exciting caress, but her
anus had contracted with shame and refused to let Carola's tongue pass. The
latter moved her buttocks forward and sat harder on the young girl's face, and
Penny realized that her friend was asking for the same caress. With both hands
she separated Carola's large buttocks, and uncovered the brown slit, at the
bottom of which lay the secret opening, that Penny found somewhat enlarged  She
placed the tip of her tongue on the round hole and felt it open, and her tongue
on the round hole was drawn in by muscular contraction, several inches of it
disappearing between the burning walls of Carola's rectum, while Carola purred
with delight.

        At the same time, Penny groaned slightly, for the young woman had
changed her tactics.  After sucking her index-finger, she drove it slowly into
the rebellious anus.  Inspired by this perverted penetration, Penny revenged
herself by nibbling on Carola's dupm, who smilingly drove a second finger into
the dilated hole.  This time Penny cried out, for it hurt; she was still a
virgin on that side.  Carola gave to her task of boring, and came back to
titillating the dribbling quim, and soon, in a crescendo of groans and panting
cries, the two charming friends rolled over on each other, quivering with
delight and wetting each other copiously.

        When they arrived in the bureau an hour later, fresh from their toilet,
Mr. Jennings, who had just come in, smiled sardonically at their eyes ringed
with pleasure.

        From then on, Carola let no opportunity pass to caress and suck her
little friend, who accepted it with lascivious pleasure.


                                   CHAPTER 3

        Two days later, Penny had her first hiding.  It was very hot that
afternoon, and the storm in the air made everyone irritable.  Victor Jennings
had taken off his coat, and it was in his shirt sleeves that he worked on a
thick dossier.  Carola was typing a letter and Penny was filing some post.  At
one moment, as she raised her head to throw back her heavy hair, she saw the
lawyer's eyes were fixed on his wife's table.  Busy with her work, and
irritated by the heat, Carola had raised her dress half way up her thighs, and
had opened her legs to refresh her pussy.  The sight she offered was lascivious
in the extreme.  Her long bronzed thighs, opened wide, revealing the narrow
white strip of her tiny briefs, whose indiscreet wrinkles betrayed the swelling
of the mound.  Such a sight was not calculated to calm the lawyer's nerves, and
his eyes shone with more and more brilliance.  "Bring me the letter as soon as
it's finished," he said.

        "Here it is," sighed Carola rising and taking her work.

        Mr. Jennings read it from one end to the other, then in a gentle voice,
he said,"Tell me darling.  Do you really think I'm going to send this letter?
There are at least ten mistakes in it.  What are you thinking of?"  Carola
dropped her head without answering, and he continued in a voice that was
slightly husky;"You know what I said yesterday? That the next time I would be
intransigent?  Well, you can't get away with that, darling.  Prepare your
pretty little bottom.  It hasn't been smacked for some time.  I think it misses
it."  He took Carola by the wrist and dragged her over to a leather arm-chair
in one corner of the room; he sat down and said, "Now pull up your dress and
get ready."

        "Victor, I beg of you.  Forgive me just this once.  I won't do it
again, I promise."

        "Hurry up, Carola," said Victor, as if he had heard nothing.  "You know
the more you make me wait, the harder I am."

        The young woman groaned and hurriedly pulled up her skirt, revealing
the curving bottom under the snow-white panties.  Victor seized his wife and
threw her across his knees, her rump well in evidence, her legs hanging down
one side, and her bust down the other.  He slid down he little panties and in
one movement pulled it over her thighs, revealing the round buttocks.  For a
second his fingers caressed the velvety globes so cool to the touch, then,
raising his hand, he opened it well out, and brought it down with all his
strength on the pretty bottom. The blow, echoed and left a scarlet mark on the
buttocks that sank under the pain, then another blow, and another and another
on the wriggling bottom.

        Carola moaned and pleaded in vain, but remained passively offered up to
the sadistic amusement of her husband, who beat the burning, peony-red globes
with both arms.  Victor straightened himself slightly and spoke to Penny, who
was watching her friend's punishment with frightened eyes.  He said to her,
"Pass me the ruler that's on my desk."

        "No...No...not the ruler, I beg you Victor, not the ruler."

        But Victor was deaf to his wife's pleases and took the ruler that Penny
held tremblingly out.  It was in plexiglass, twenty inches long and one and a
half inches wide, very thin like a drawing ruler, Victor raised the instrument
and in one dry stroke brought the transparent weapon down on the burning rump.
It made a dry, smacking noise and brought a tearful cry from his victim.  A
large scarlet strip marked the hemispheres that were contracted in pain.  Two,
three, four, six times, the horrible noise was repeated.  Now Carola was crying
and hiccuping like a child, but remained still, as if she were enjoying her own
humiliation.

        Then the man laid the weapon away, and his long slender, intellectual's
hands began to caress and massage the bruised flesh.  The young woman's tears
calmed themselves, as her husband's hand glided between the open thighs to
caress the damp sex, for Carola, in her masochistic excitement, had come.  Her
soaking wet fleece bore witness to this.

        "Now you can see, Penny," said Mr. Jennings with a large smile. "What's
awaiting you if you make a mistake."

        The young girl blushed with mingled shame and apprehension, and turned
her eyes away from the embarrassing sight of Victor caressing his wife, who was
panting with pleasure.  Then he stood her up, and kissed her on the still damp
cheeks.  Carola was still holding up her dress as if she were afraid of the
contact of the material on her red and burning buttocks.  Victor picked up the
white briefs and handed them to her with a smile.

        Penny looked again and suddenly blushed when she saw the way her
employer's trousers was jutting out between his thighs, for the lawyer was in
full erection, and Carola had confided in Penny that his weapon was really
huge, thick and long, well over the average.  Since Carola had told her about
it, Penny could think of nothing else and dreamed of seeing the thing, for up
till now she had two lovers only, both students and of average size.

        Carola went off to the bathroom to wash her face and refresh her fiery
posterior.

        When she came back, calm and smiling, she went over to her husband and
kissed hem passionately, before making her way to her desk.  On the way she
passed her hand over Penny's breast.


                                   CHAPTER 4

        Work started up again, interspersed with the usual jokes and pauses;
everyone felt better.  Suddenly, about an hour later, Mr. Jennings who was deep
in a pile of papers, raised his head and asked abruptly; "Who was in charge of
the Avely file?"

        "I was, sir," replied Penny, in a troubled voice.

        "You is it?"  Well, I can't congratulate you.  You mixed with it a
petition from the Boreham case, that comes up in a few days time.  Do you
realize what would have happened if I hadn't noticed it?  In court, I'd have
looked for it everywhere and I might have lost the case.  Come her this
minute."

        Poor Penny, terrified, walked slowly over to her employer who was
smiling in anticipation.  Carola was watching careful to miss nothing of the
spectacle and trembling with pleasure at the thought of what was going to
happen to her poor darling.  When she arrived at his desk, Penny, pale as snow,
stood still.  The lawyer took her hand, and drawing her towards him, sat her on
his knees and asked gently: "Do you realize how stupid you were?  Tell me,
little one, what sort of punishment do you think it deserves?  No answer? Well,
we'll leave it to Carola to decide.  Darling, it's up to you to pronounce the
sentence.  This time I'll follow you advice."

        Poor Penny looked pleadingly at her friend, but Carola did not want to
be deprived of such an exciting spectacle and she laughed as she said: "In my
opinion, she deserves a good hiding, and as it is the first time and must be an
example to her, I think it should be a very sever one."

        A cry of despair escaped Penny when Victor rose and dragged her over to
the armchair reserved for this purpose.  He trapped her between his knees and
began lifting her skirt.  Underneath she was naked because of the heat, and
when he raised the skirt up to her waist, there she was, red with shame, her
long white thighs pressed together, and her little bottom hiding modestly in a
sweet little pink brief that Carola had given her.  Without paying any
attention to her protestations, Victor slowly lowered her panties and freed the
bottom that was chubby as a baby's.  He had never before had the occasion to
admire the intimate charms of his secretary and his prick sprang erect at the
sight of the tender globes offered to his caprice.

        He threw her over his knees so that her rump was right under his eyes.
In dismay, Penny felt the stiff hard prick that pressed on her pubis through
the trousers.  Without bothering about her modestly the lawyer caressed her
buttocks ecstatically, then he separated the white globes abruptly to reveal
the little rosette, creased like a little daisy.  Penny protested in anguish
and tried to get up, in order to escape from the lewd looks of her employer,
but he struck with all the weight of his arm.

        The poor child let out a cry; it felt to her as if a burning iron had
been dropped on her buttocks.  Her muscles contracted automatically at the
pain, but no sooner had she relaxed again than a shower of blows martyred her
posterior.  The blows smacked cruelly off the poor little bottom which soon
glowed like a beacon and burnt like embers.  She cried and wept without any
control over herself.  In vain she tried wriggling her buttocks to ease the
pain.

        Then Carola rose, all excited, and held out the flat ruler to Victor.
He took it with a sadistic smile and thrashed her across the buttocks with it,
again and again, then at the bottom of her rump, at the beginning of the thighs
where the flesh is most tender.  The poor darling sobbed away.  She felt as if
her skin were peeling off, and as Victor with infernal joy continued to
fuatigate her pitilessly, she could no longer hold back her screams and began
to kick her legs in all direction without any idea of the obscene spectacle she
was offering the perverted pair.

        Indeed, by her despairing efforts to avoid the punishment, she opened
her thighs, revealing the pink slit that yawned deep in the mossy nest.  At
each stroke, her rump weighed down on her torturer's knees and then, in
reaction, sprang into the air, her thighs apart, her anus, contracted with
pain, showing.  Her disordered jerks bounced off the lawyer's weapon, who was
near his orgasm.  Her buttocks burnt so much that she didn't even realize that
Victor has stopped beating her.  She continued her bawling and pleading,
wetting the carpet with her tears.

        At last the burning died down a little, leaving just a feeling of
warmth that spread over her whole body.  His hands were busy with calming, lewd
caresses.  He massaged her rump with cool, refreshing hands, then his fingers
opened the furrow caressing the wrinkled rosette.  Her reddened buttocks came
together modestly, so his wandering hand played with the curly fleece and an
adventurous finger glided between the open lips.  The prostrate body quivered
with pleasure and the thighs opened insensibly, so Carola, who had been content
with the role of spectator up till now, knelt down by the armchair, and while
her husband held open the child's legs, she glued her greedy mouth to the quim
revealed from behind and began to suck the damp and burning slit.  Penny felt
her body, broken by pain, melt in a headiness she had never known before.  She
groaned and panted gently, moving her rounded belly to better feel the stiff
weapon that seemed ready to run her through.  Then suddenly with a long rattle,
she came with a burning joy that left her limp and happy.

        Victor and Carola helped her to rise, and the lawyer kissed her
passionately on the mouth, saying that she was an adorable child and that it
had given him great pleasure to punish her.

        "You're a big bully.  You hurt me very much...I hate you," declared
Penny sulkily.  Carola took her off to the bathroom where she anointed the sore
bottom with a calming lotion then talced it until it looked like a baby's
bottom.  Nevertheless, Penny was very tided and after dinner that evening, she
went straight to bed, leaving her friends listening to a program on the radio.

        She couldn't say how long she had been dozing when suddenly she sat up
in bed, wid awake, in spite of the obscurity.  Unconsciously she listened to
the muffled noises that came from next door.  In her curiosity, she got out of
bed, and with bare feet, dressed only in her pale blue nightdress, she tiptoed
across the room and held her ear against a slit in the doorframe.  Her little
heart began to beat faster, for now she could hear the conversation of the
couple as well as if she were in the same room.

        "That aroused you a bit, to see Penny's buttocks, didn't it, you old
goat," said Carola jokingly.  "Did you see her gorgeous baby arse?  I swear
that just the sight of it wriggling under her dress makes me all wet."

        "Bitch," came the lawyer's deep voice.  "I don't suppose it took you
long to posses her eh?  Tell me, does she like it?  Does she like being sucked?
Has she sucked you?"

        "Of course the little darling likes it.  And if you knew how nice she
is to lick and how smooth her tongue is when she does it...I tell you I'm in
love with her."

        "Oh!  I don't like that," the lawyer bantered.  "I'm going to be
jealous...It looks serious to me."

        "Don't be stupid, darling  You know no-one could ever take your place
as far as I'm concerned.  The toy you have between your legs is indispensiable
to me."

        "We'll talk about that later.  Is she still a virgin?"

        "Of course not.  She lost that some time ago.  She has had two lovers,
both students, but they can't have done much with her; she's still almost new
and as narrow as a kitten.  I noticed that while caressing her. And something
else you'll like you dirty old man.  If she's a woman in front, she's still a
child around the back.  Her anus is still virgin."

        A wave of heat flowed over Penny's body as she heard her most intimate
secrets being revealed.  She was ashamed and thrilled at the same time...Victor
seemed to want her.  Her train of thought broke off here, and she listened
again, for Carola was saying with a laugh: "I say, darling, I'm going to be
jealous too.  You sound very eager.  Tell me, my perverted darling, would you
like to deflower Penny, take the virginity of her arse.?"

        "Be quiet," grunted Victor, "look what a state I'm in."

        "What a size," exclaimed Carola.  "You know, darling, even though the
five years since we were married, every time you show me your huge penis, I'm
amazed as I was the first time you forced me to look at it. How lovely it is.
How hard," she murmured ecstatically.  "Darling I love you so much, I'll try
and satisfy you desires.  I'll persuade Penny to let you watch our Lesbian
games.  That way you'll end up by fucking her."

        "Especially, the back way," declared the lawyer.  "Feel how it quivers
at the very thought."

        "All right.  You can bugger her too, but you must promise me to do it
gently.  I love her to much, and with your elephantine penis!...and her hole so
tiny...you'll have to be careful."

        "Don't worry, darling.  After all I have a certain experience. Right?"

        "True.  But even with me, and God knows I'm used to it, it hurts when
you want to impale me, so as for Penny, who is still a virgin, I don't want you
to ruin her."

        "Don't worry, darling.  I'll be gentle.  What worries me more is
whether Penny will be willing for me to operate.  Perhaps she doesn't like me.
Perhaps I seem old to her?"

        Penny smiled tenderly in the obscurity.  If she had dared, she would
have cried out to him not to worry about that.  She'd let him do anything he
liked.  She found him marvellous with his hair graying at the temples and his
sardonic air.  She like him madly, and was dying to see at last the huge weapon
of which her friend had spoken and which haunted her dreams.

        Of course, it's size worried her a little, when she thought of it
penetrating her, but she had decided to put up with that to please him although
she realized it would probably hurt very badly.

        On the other side of the door, the conversation continued: "Don't
worry, darling," declared Carola.  "I'm sure she' ll accept, once I've got her
all worked up.  Besides, I"M sure she finds you to her liking; she has already
asked me several questions about you...and your accoutrement.  I'm sure that
when she's had one taste, she'll be mad about it.  But I don't want to lend it
to her tonight," she groaned.  "I want it all for me.  Darling, please give it
to me, put it in me."

        "Alright.  Open you legs wide.  That's right.  How do you want it,
slowly or all at once?"

        "Drive it in at one go; I want to feel you enter me," said Carola, her
voice broken with desire.  Penny heard the bedsprings groan, then a stifled cry
from Carola.  Trembling with excitement she slipped a nervous hand under her
nightgown and into her slit, as she realized that her friend had been impaled
at one go.  Now the springs were creaking in rhythm.  Victor punctuated the
piston and woodcutter, betraying the brutality of the operation.

        Carola panted like a madwoman, giving out little meaningless cries.
Occasionally she lowed in joyous agony when the prick entered her too savagely
as a meddened Penny masturbated, trembling at the thought of Carola's quim
stretched around her husband's elephantine weapon, which must be driving in and
out of the quartered lips like a huge piston.

        Suddenly Carola screamed aloud while Victor bellowed like some animal
and all the bedsprings complained.  Then the disturbing love serenade grew calm
and silence fell in the room.  Penny staggered over to her bed, worn out and
with dripping thighs, for the pretty little bitch had come at the same time as
the two lovers.  She began to think about the marvellous prick that was hanging
between her employer's thighs, then worn out by the excitement, she sank into a
sleep inhabited by lascivious dreams, in which she was offering her body to a
satyr with a penis like an ass's and who was driving his phallus into her in
every conceivable way.


                                   CHAPTER 5

        Two days later her prayers were granted.  There was nothing urgent on
that afternoon, and Victor had taken the two women out for a drive. The evening
was very light-hearted.  They dined at a little restaurant on the river bank
and made their way home in high spirits after the pleasant relaxation.  Once
home, Victor felt like a liqueur before going to bed and the two women left him
listening to the news and went off to their rooms.  But that night, instead of
kissing Penny as usual and letting her go to bed, Carola dragged her into her
own room.  "Come here, darling," she whispered.  "I want to caress you a
little."

        "But if your husband came," said Penny worriedly.

        "Don't let that worry you.  He'll be downstairs for some time. Come on,
darling.  I'm all worked up this evening as you'll see." she added with a
smile.

        The young girl was quite excited too.  After so much white wine, and
she let herself be dragged over to the wide bed.  In febrile haste Carola threw
off her clothes then naked, she began to undress her sweetheart too,
punctuating her gestures with heady caresses on the parts of the body revealed
during the process of stripping.  When Penny was left with only her tiny briefs
they fell into each others arms on the bedspread and began to kiss each others
mouths eagerly while Carola, whose state of erotic excitement was betrayed by
her heavy breathing, slid the tiny briefs over Penny's thighs and off.  Then
she stretched out on the young body offered up so shamelessly; the two sexes,
glued together, mingled Carola's black fleece with Penny's golden one.  They
rubbed against each other lasciviously, then Carola raised herself up on her
forearm and , with her fingertips, caressed the hard nipples of the younger
girl, and this gentle friction of the raised roses tore sighs of ecstasy from
both of them.

        Then Carola, obeying and uncontrollable impulse stretched out in the
opposite way from Penny whose legs she opened wide and in this span she
inserted her own open thighs.  The two bodies were held in a double scissors,
and in this unusual position the two yawning quims crushed each other.  The
caresses of the two dampened membranes rubbing against each other occasioned
such intense sensations that the young women screamed deliriously.  The dirty
noise made by the two cunts was most exciting; it sounded like a cupping glass
sticking and coming away again.  Then Carola changed her position again, and,
kneeling between the infant's thighs she glued her greedy mouth against the
burning quim of the secretary whose hairs, damp with desire, were stuck to her
groins.  Carola's tongue licked the red, flesh of the gaping quim. Penny,
almost at her orgasm, purred with pleasure, her half-open mouth letting forth
little cries of pleasure, her eyes shut on her intimate reactions, when
suddenly, she felt two hands grip the little breasts pointed upward to the
ceiling.
  More[n,Y
        Opening her eyes that were misted with pleasure, she saw Victor
standing naked at the bedside, smiling gently as he caressed her trembling
breasts.  Penny startled in shame, tried to cover herself with a sheet, but the
lawyer prevented her with a gesture that was gentle but firm. Realizing that
the moment of which she had dreamed so long had come, the child looked at her
employer's athletic body; her eyes were drawn invincibly towards his lower
abdomen; a cry of mingled horror and delight escaped her when she saw the dart
that had been haunting her.  It seemed incredible that a man should have a
phallus so huge, so thick, so long.

        The huge gland was completely uncovered and the fine scarlet skin shone
like satin, the orifice was as large as an eye, the enormous stalk was veined
blue, and the base of the weapon, larger still, was lost in a tuft of curly
black hair that continued up to his chest.  As for the balls, they were as big
as fists and dangled between his muscular thighs.  How could a woman stand an
assault from such a spear without being ripped open, but, thought Penny, if it
succeeded in penetrating what joy it must give.

        Victor leaned forward, and while Carola, at the foot of the bed
continued licking and sucking the tiny clitoris, he seized one breast in his
huge mouth and began to caress it, nibbling at the stiff and sensitive nipple.
When Penny began to moan, he lay down beside her and forced her hand to close
around his burning prick that quivered with delight at the touch of her
childish fingers.  In the heat of the emotion procured by Carola's tongue and
Victor's mouth, Penny lost all ideas of shame and began to caress the huge
plaything that she could hardly grasp.  She began to rub it gently, conscious
of the ringed muscle twitching in her grasp as the fingers moved up to the
large gland, titillating the enormous head, where one opaline drop appeared.
Then she began to excite him; she knew how for her lovers had taught her the
rudiments of masculine masturbation, though with them she had a far more modest
contribution in hand.

        All these caresses had to lead to something.  Victor leaned over her
and drove his hard and spittle-covered tongue into her mouth, as if he wanted
to reach her throat.  This brutal manner of kissing set off her final shudder,
and Penny rolled over on the bed, the more so because Carola, when she felt her
darling's vagina palpitate, stuck her finger into the rosebud hidden between
the buttocks. Victor drank in Penny's joyous moans, as with her mouth pressed
against his, she shared her pleasure.  At the same time her hand and thigh were
drowned in a warm, viscous flood, spurting out of the quivering prick of the
lawyer.

        After a few minutes' rest, the three disengaged themselves and Victor
stood up beside the bed, his huge, wet tail, half-emptied, dangling limply on
the hairy balls.  Carola came over to him and pressed against him while
watching Penny, who was sitting on the bed, looking in amazement at her hand
dripping with his sticky sperm.  "Well," said Carola with a laugh: "At last
you've met my husband's pretty tail.  I can see you have been watered
copiously, but don't look so surprized, my child.  Wait until he comes in your
mouth and you have to swallow it; you'll soon find that you have to be quick if
you don't want to stifle."

        The little secretary's face was red with confusion, bu the lawyer took
her in his powerful arms and kissed her tenderly, asking if she wanted to be
his little mistress.  As she didn't dare say yes or no, Carola embraced her,
cajoling her with a gentle voice: "Do say yes, my darling. It'll be marvellous;
you'll see how well he makes love; we'll be his two little wives."

        "But Carola," stammered Penny.  "Won't you be jealous?"

        "No, no, my love.  On the contrary.  I want you to say yes.  I want to
see you moan with delight in his arms.  I love you both so much and anyway,"
laughingly she held up her husband's penis, "there's enough fro two, you know."

        "That's just it," said the little girl, red as a beetroot. "I'm afraid
it'll hurt."

        "Don't worry kitten," said Victor, cajolingly.  "I won't hurt you.
You'll see how well I can do it and how good you'll feel."

        The couple lay down, one on either side of Penny, and began to caress
the redhead's tender body, and she opened her legs like a pretty little tart.
Victor asked if she wanted to taste his tongue; she smiled her consent and the
lawyer took up a convenient position for admiring the adorably pussy that had
excited him for so long.  His sensual lips came to rest on the welcoming slit
and his tongue began its work.  Carola masturbated gently as she watched her
husband. Penny was soon palpitating with pleasure for the hard male tongue
excited her less subtly perhaps than Carola's but the sensations had a sharper
edge.  Her employer had a novel method of driving his pointed tongue into her
vagina, but she like it less when his sadistic instincts drove him to nibble
the lips of her pussy.  After a little while he rose, and tried to role her
over on to her stomach.  Penny was frightened but was reassured by Carola:
"Don't be alarmed, my sweet.  He only want to do a rosebud.  Wouldn't you like
him to lick the hole?"

        Docilely, Penny lay on her belly, offering her plump rounded rump to
her employer.  He was panting as he devoured this lovely little arse with his
eyes; he was determined to penetrate it with his enormous weapon before the end
of the night.  For the time being, he kissed the buttocks as chubbly as a
child's then placing his hands on the satiny mounds, he separated them, paying
no attention to her modest effort to escape.  The sweet wrinkled hole was
minute and he understood why Carola had recommenced prudence and gentleness in
buggering their young friend.  Indeed it would be difficult to introduce such a
gigantic key into such a tiny lock.  He began by licking the little buttonhole
very tenderly, and it folded up like a daisy at the touch of the fascinating
tongue.  He hardened the tip and tried to drive it into the tiny hole, but she
stiffened and his tongue came to grief against her sulking anus.  After three
or four attempts, he smacked her across the buttocks.  "Let yourself go.  Open
up, you'll see how good it is." He began licking the little hole again and felt
the child relax.  The furrows opened out a little allowing an inch of his
tongue to pass through.  He renewed his ardor, sucking, titillating and
eventually seizing the buttonhole between his lips and milking it as if he had
been at his mother's breast.  Penny was shaken with emotion and raised her
scarlet face from the pillow, panting with pleasure.

        Realizing that she was ripe, Victor stopped the caresses and prepared
to fuck her.  Carola was also very excited and kissed the young bottom before
helping her young friend into the best position for a first contact (lying on
the back, legs apart, and a pillow under the rump).  Victor was kneeling.  His
huge penis was jutting out like a ship's mast.  To make it easier, Carola
leaned forward and covered the weapon with a layer of saliva that would
lubricate the vagina, and when it was dribbling with spit, she took it between
two fingers and placed it between Penny's lower lips.  Penny trembled in
apprehension when she felt the huge gland at the entrance to her body.  Victor
leaned over her, and, leaning on his wrists, gave a slow thrust with his hips
in an effort to push in his stallion-like instrument.  Slowly but surely,
without and jerks, the gland, well prepared by Carola, insinuated itself
between the anry lips, but even so, it was too big to be easy.  The narrow
passage blackened the neck of the gland.  Victor thrust forward violently, and
Penny exclaimed in pain that seared her when the huge weapon half-disappeared
into her vagina.  With little jerks, the lawyer succeeded in pushing his weapon
a little further in, but the bas was too wide to enter, and when he tried to
force it in, Penny wept with pain.

        Then he began to move gently, in a slow come-and-go movement,
withdrawing his dripping organ up to the base of the gland, then driving it
back in a slow penetration that only inserted two thirds of his weapon.  The
huge penis was delightful compressed in the narrow muff and grew bigger with
each thrust of Victor's rump.  He was moaning huskily at this hitherto unknown
pleasure.  The thought that he was fucking a pleasant child of seventeen drove
him mad.  Penny was panting and groaning at the attacks of this burning spear
which was driving deep into her belly.  The pain of the insertion had yielded
to an indescribable pleasure.  How different it was from the clumsy efforts of
her young friends.  She took pleasure just in the sight of this powerful man
with greying hair labouring above her and in the terrific sensation she got
from the mighty organ tickling her vagina.  With her hands holding her breasts,
she hiccuped and stammered incomprehensible words.  Carola, masturbating madly,
followed the movements with lascivious eyes.  She knelt down at the foot of the
bed to relish the sight of the two sexes, and she groaned in ecstasy when she
saw the gigantic penis planted between Penny's legs.

        Carola came back to sit beside Penny to see if she enjoyed being
mounted in this way.  The young girl was groaning childishly, her eyes were
turned back and a sliver of saliva rolled down from her mouth contorted in a
rictus.  Her head rolled madly from right to left.  Carola leaned over this
unknown face and licked the spit that dribbled down her darling's mouth.  Then
she looked lovingly at her husband, fucking away.  His brow was covered in
sweat and his heavy breathing betrayed his excitement.  Huskily he murmured:
"Oh, Carola, if only you knew how good it is to fuck her; she's as tight as a
glove, but her cunt is a sweet as honey.  Look how she's enjoying herself.  But
my tail isn't all inside her, though I feel like driving in all in."

        "No, no darling. Restrain yourself; you'd only hurt her.  Take it easy.
Bit by bit, you'll enlarge her and you'll put it in her the way you put it in
me, up to your balls."  As she said it, she caressed the swollen testicles that
were swinging against Penny's little cunt, dripping with the liquid from her
vagina.  Victor moved frenziedly and, bellowing his inenarrable pleasure, he
discharged his copious sperm into Penny's palpitating vagina, accompanied by
her broken cries.  When the gland was withdrawn from the bruised lips, a flood
of sperm and liquid poured out of her vagina and flowed slowly between her
legs, dripping onto the sheet.

        Penny lay exhausted in the same position, eyes shut one arm over her
scarlet face, the wide open legs revealing the scarlet slit and the fleece
thick with sperm.  After a moment, she opened her eyes, and, seeing Carola's
and Victor's eyes fixed on her abdomen, she placed one hand modestly on the
sticky flesh, then shyly asked Carola to take her to the bathroom.


                                   CHAPTER 6

        A quarter of an hour later, after the ablutions, the three friends met
again.  Penny suggested timidly that she should leave them alone and go to bed,
but Carola cried out: "NO question of that, darling; you'll sleep with us. Look
how wide the bed is?  Do you think there isn't room for three?"

        "That's right," cut in the lawyer, already in bed.  "Now you are my two
little wives.  Unless Penny would rather go to her own bed? Didn't you like
what I just did to you?  Don't you love me even a little?"

        "Oh, I love you both," cried Penny happily.  "I love you.  You're so
kind to me.  I'd never have believed that I could be so happy."

        As the night was young, there was still time for them to amuse
themselves, particularly as the stifling heat did not dispose towards sleep All
three naked, they smoked a cigarette and chatted gaily, but soon the lawyer was
seized by desire, and his limp penis began to swell and assume impressive
proportions beneath the amused regards of the two women.  Soon it was quite
erect, the gland uncovered, the veins bulging.  From time to time, Victor
fidgeted and then his prick started violently, slapping his hairy abdomen with
a dull squelch, then rising again, stiff, vertical, like a stake awaiting its
victim.  Penny stifled a laugh.

        Her little angel face, nailed to the mattress by the enormous spear
that travelled with slow, deep thrusts, was soon streaming with tears, the
mouth that was distorted and gagged by the huge, hard prick, could proffer no
sound, only her heavy breathing and stifled grunts escaped from her fluttering
nostrils every time that the gland struck the bottom of her throat.  When he
felt himself coming, he withdrew his prick only to discharge in a manner even
more lewd.  He placed Carola's hand around his weapon and told her to stroke it
over Penny's face.  "Open your mouth, chicken," he said to the child. "I'm
going to come and you're going to swallow."  Seizing his prick, Carola, all
excitement, masturbated it firmly.  Suddenly it stiffened and the first drop of
sperm appeared.  Carola slowed down her movements and squeezed more tightly,
and every time her hand pulled downwards a flood of sperm spurted forth.  The
first ejection thickened Penny's mouth and splashed over her cheeks and
forehead.  Carola pulled again and another squirt spread a viscous layer over
the child's face.  The last drop fell on her neck, and Victor fell back on his
couch, completely emptied, while Carola, at the peak of her fever, threw
herself on her mistress and greedily licked at the coating of sperm that
covered the pretty little face.

        The two women sucked each other and when they had calmed down, the
three of them laid on their couches and prepared to sleep. Victor was already
dozing when he heard stifled sniffs coming from the blanket beside him.  He
stretched out his arm inquisitively and met Penny's face, streaming with tears.
Thoroughly upset, he lit the lamp and leaned over her; "What is it, my darling?
Why are you crying.  Have you got a pain? Are you unhappy?"  But the poor child
started off worse than ever and Victor turned around to wake Carola: "Penny's
crying, but she won't tell me why," he said to his wife, who was looking at him
through bleary eyes.  That woke Carola up completely, and she came over to
Penny to try and help her.  They covered the poor pet with kisses and caresses,
until finally Penny avowed in a tearful voice: "You don't love me."

        "Darling, how can you say such a thing?  You know we both adore you."

        "Not true," sniffed Penny.  "Victor doesn't love me.  He's just amusing
himself with me; he doesn't think about me; he goes to sleep without bothering
about me."

        "Poor little poppet," said Carola with a smile.  "Just think of that.
Her little cunt in heat and she wants a good pricking."

        Victor smile and took his young mistress in his arms, and , kissing her
tenderly on her swollen eyes and little pink ears, he whispered: "My little
dove, you know perfectly well I'm madly in love with you.  If I went to bed
without bothering you it's because I thought you'd had enough with Carola and
that you were tired because of the country air, but if you want to, I'll fuck,
you my pet.  I'll fuck you thoroughly.  You'll see what is coming to you. Happy
now?  Do you want my prick?"

        "Oh yes," mouthed Penny in delight.  "I want it."

        "What do you want," asked Victor teasingly.  "Tell me what you want."

        "I want...I want...you...to...to...fuck me,"

        "Do you want me to put it all in tonight?"

        "Oh yes please.  But be gentle...don't hurt me too much."

        "Don't worry poppet.  On the contrary, you'll like what I'm going to
do."  With that he shifted onto his knees and shook his huge prick in Penny's
direction, saying: "Just look at the huge helping your slit will get tonight,
my love.  Prepare her a little," he added to Carola, who, with her saliva,
lubricated copiously Penny's cunt, before lying down, hand in hair, ready to
masturbate an accompaniment.

        Victor had taken up position between Penny's thighs, and with his
fingertips, he thrust back the velvety folds to open up the vagina, and he
placed the huge penis at the entrance.  He thrust forward and quivered with
delight when he felt his hard round prick punch past the thick lips and
penetrate slowly into the velvety blackness of the vagina. Then he seized
Penny's ankles and raised them in the air until her legs were vertical, and
with her in this position, he began to drive his weapon in with slow powerful
thrusts that shook the poor child who was clinging to the blanket to resist the
brutal blows of the horse-like weapon that was opening her flesh and
penetrating her panting belly.  Soon she could not control her plaintive moans,
for the prick was becoming more and more merciless, trying to penetrate
completely, but the narrowness of the vagina prevented this.  Victor pushed at
her legs until she was folded in two, her thighs on her breasts like some
inverted frog, and he forced himself slowly into the prominent cunt.  A long,
moaning cry escaped Penny when the stallion penis disappeared up the hairs. It
felt as if it were coming out by the navel. She hiccuped and screamed at each
thrust, two trickles of sweat on her forehead.  Pretty Penny had it all, this
time, all the huge penis whose movements seemed to tear her in two and tore
from her screams of delirious joy.  She turned her congested face towards
Carola and uttered with difficult: "I've got it all.  I've taken all his prick.
He's driven it all in, the way he does with you."

        Victor thrust on.  He could feel the gland buried in her matrix. It
squeezed him like a velvet tong, his balls brushed against her raised buttocks.

        He no longer withdrew his prick, leaving it well in, screwing
imperceptibly on the spot.  At last, with a series of groans, he felt his sperm
flood out her matrix, drowning her most secret flesh, while Penny let forth
yells of joy, dribbling at the mouth, fists clenched, eyes turned back.


                                   CHAPTER 7

        The next morning they set out for a long walk in the woods, until they
reached a little waterfall where they bathed to the accompaniment of joyful
cries and piercing laughs that re-echoed through the leafy forest.  After they
had picnicked in the little clearing, Victor led them off, by a hidden path, to
a minute grassy grove lost in the undergrowth.  The afternoon sun played
through the leafy branches, and diapered the green grass.

        "How lovely," exclaimed both women.

        "You'll find it less attractive later on," hissed Victor.

        In the middle of the clearing lay a tree trunk and Victor sat on this
natural seat, drawing his darlings to him.  "My sweet," he said to Penny.  "You
know I promised to punish you today.  Well the time has come and this is the
scene of the punishment."

        The little redhead turned an imploring regard to the lawyer, but she'd
have had more chance of winning over a tiger.  Victor's sadistic side was
uppermost for the time being.

        "Take down your knickers," he continued with a smile.  "And you can sit
on the grass," he said to Carola.  "It's your turn after." When Penny had taken
off her shorts and panties, he ordered her to sit astride the tree trunk.  "Now
lie down he said, pushing her shoulders by way of encouragement.  With a
handkerchief he bound her wrists which met under the trunk, and treated her
ankles in the same way with the scarf that Carola wore around her breast.

        "Why has he tied me up like this?" asked Penny in a frightened voice.
"I'm afraid," she snivelled.  "Come close to me Carola. What is he going to
do?"

        "I don't know, my darling," whispered Carola.  "A good thrashing, I
suppose; you must be brave, my love...don't you feel a kind of thrill at the
idea that he has you at his mercy, that you're the victim of his lewd desires."

        "A bit, yes...but I'm so afraid."

        "So am I...but I'm wet just the same."

        "Where is he?" asked Penny, turning her head with difficulty.

        "I don't know.  He's around somewhere.  Oh, let me kiss your poor
little bottom, to give it courage."

        At that moment, Victor reappeared in the clearing.  In one hand he was
holding twenty or so rushes, that he had picked near the stream. With the
other, he was carefully holding a bunch of nettles, wrapped in a handkerchief,
that he placed out of Penny's sight.

        "Look at these, my pretty," he sniggered, shaking the blades in front
of her nose.  "Look what's going to punish you for your refusal."

        "Oh no, Victor, not that, not that.  It will hurt too much." begged
Penny.  "No!  No!  If you like, you can bugger me, only be gentle, but not
that."

        But she was in no condition to dictate to Victor, and he burst out
laughing.  "Oh no, my little nanny-goat, you can't have my prick.  I'm
reserving that for Carola.  You're getting the whip."  With that, he stood
behind the child who was offering him her defenceless rump, and with the tips
of the rushes he caressed the frightened globes, before lashing at her rump.  A
dozen red weals appeared on the milky skin and Penny screamed with pain.  With
a twist of his wrist, Victor struck again, then again, and covered the
hemispheres with an uninterrupted rain of blows which soon transformed the
lily-white flesh into a sea of red.

        Penny's face was dripping with tears, and piercing screams issued from
the open mouth.  Victor continued to whip away, not bothering about his
victim's moans.  Now her poor little bottom was like a poppy in bloom, and the
lawyer took advantage of her rigglings, which revealed her cunt, to strike hard
between her thighs.  The rushes beat on the poor little cunt and on the thick
lips of her sex, and a cry of agony escaped the unfortunate Penny.  He struck
her three or four times between the thighs then threw away the battered rushes.
Next he seized the nettles and caressed the burning buttocks with the venomous
plant.  At first the freshness of the leaves relieved Penny, but soon her
buttocks were covered with pimples and swellings, and the hellish itching drove
her mad.  Victor enjoyed the frenzied contortions of his victim and his huge
prick palpitated with pleasure at the sound of her screams.  In desperation,
Penny rubbed her buttocks together in a vain effort to relieve the dreadful
itchiness on her rump. Her cries were no longer human, her mouth frothed, and
her tortured face was covered with tears and sweat.  At one moment, through
nervousness, a flood of urine that she could not control, poured out of her
fiery cunt and rolled down her thighs.

        Victor could no longer contain himself.  He dragged Carola over to the
tree and made her take up the same position as Penny.  Docilely, Carola placed
herself across the tree behind Penny, with her bottom in her face.

        "Lick her," said Victor.  "It'll relieve her."  But Penny had fainted.

        The lawyer moved behind his wife and placed his huge phallus between
her buttocks, and, without and preparation, without lubricating the anus, he
began the task of buggering her, but the enormous gland bounced off the tiny
hole contracting in fear.  He move it back into position and weighed on it with
all his strength, pushing brutally at the flesh of the rectum, and slowly,
ferociously, he staved in his wife's dry arse; ripping the delicate membranes
of the anal canal.  Now the clearing echoed with Carola's plaintive cries.
Fortunately her husband's excitement had reached its paroxysm; he had scarcely
begun to screw the narrow muscular ring when an orgasm floored him in a copious
ejaculation.

        After he had rested a little, he picked her up and bore her off to the
stream, where he helped her to bath her suffering anus; then he ran back to
free Penny, and brought her to the stream.  He sat her squarely in the water
and the contact of the icy water on her burning buttocks brought life back to
the charming victim, who recoiled in fright when she saw Victor standing over
her but he reassured her tenderly and asked her to forgive him if he had been
too unkind.   The child refused to reply and turned her silky head towards
Carola who was bathing her bruised flesh.  When Penny had fully recovered they
were back to the tent, where they rested while Victor packed their belongings.

        The next day both women were still sulking and repulsed all Victor's
advances, but they could not resist that evening when he came home laden with
presents, that they opened with gay laughs.  The apartment,  which fortunately
was soundproof, resounded the cries and groans of pleasure occasionally
mitigated by erotic pain.


                                   CHAPTER 8

        At the beginning of the winter, the lawyer received a letter which was
to influence Penny's destiny.  He had scarcely begun reading it when he jumped
with joy and brandished the piece of paper towards Carola.  "Louis is back from
Paris," he cried.  "He says he'll call tomorrow evening."

        "Wonderful," cried Carola.  She turned to Penny: "You'll see how
handsome he is.  He's a great friend of ours..."

        When Victor had left for town, Penny came to sit on Carola's knees and
while Carola caressed her breast she asked inquisitively: "Who is he exactly,
this type?"

        "You'll see, darling.  He's wonderful.  So kind and so distinguished!
He's from Barbados."

        "A negro?" said Penny, in surprise.

        "Not quiet.  He's mixed...his skin is hardly tanned.  He's really
terrific, you know.  As tall as Victor, but slimmer...and so elegant! You'll
see.  I'm sure you'll like him."

        You said he was a great friend of yours."

        "A most intimate friend.  He's a lawyer too, and he and Victor were at
the Temple together.  I met them both at the same time and for a little while I
wasn't sure which I'd marry."

        "Did he...has he...have you been to bed with him?" stammered Penny,
embarrassed by the question.

        Carola blushed slightly and confessed that she had indeed often been
fucked by Louis, before and after her marriage and she had even found herself
several times impaled between both men.

        Penny was stupefied.  Two men at the same time...but it must be
dreadful...and how could it be done...and did it hurt?

        Carola explained everything in detail.  "And," she added, "Louis is
like a bull."

        "What do you mean," asked Penny naively.

        "I mean that his prick is even bigger than Victor's."

        "You're making fun of me."  Penny was incredulous.  "How do you expect
me to swallow that one?  I didn't think it was possible for a man to have one
as big as Victor's"

        "I swear, my pet," said Carola with a laugh.  "Louis's prick is
phenomenal.  He must get that from his negro ancestors.  Besides you'll see."

        "I'll see?" said the poppet in dismay.

        "Of course, darling.  If he's our friend, he'll be yours too. I swear
he's very charming."

        "I don't want him to touch me.  I'd be afraid with a thing as big as
that."


                                   CHAPTER 9

        The next afternoon, while both Victor and Carola were out, the doorbell
rang.  When Penny opened it, she was confronted with a tall, elegant man, slim,
with blue eyes and a thin face.

        "No doubt you would like to see Mr. Jennings?"  asked Penny.

        "I would indeed."

        "I'm afraid I don't know when he'll be back.  He's in town today with a
client.  Would you like to make and appointment?"

        "If it doesn't bother you too much,  I'd like to wait," said the young
man.

        Penny introduced the strange young man into the bureau and after
offering him a armchair, she went on with her work.  She examined him
surreptitiously.  "He's really attractive," she thought.  "But who can he be?"
At that moment she heard the front door opening: "That will be Mrs. Jennings,"
she declared.  "I'll tell her you're here."  She found Carola taking off her
coat and told her about the strange man who was so handsome.  Carola was most
intrigued, and, after rearranging her hair, she went to see who it was.

        Imagine Penny's stupefaction when she saw Carola literally fling
herself into the man's arms, while he swing her off her feet and covered her
face with kisses.

        "Louis, darling: why did you stay away so long?  We missed you so
much."

        Louis!  Penny was stunned.  She had been expecting some negro, slightly
lighter perhaps than most, and it was this handsome man.

        "I swear I dreamed about you and especially about your bull-like
prick."

        The young man place his hand on Carola's mouth and looked significantly
in Penny's direction.  Carola burst out laughing and turned towards the girl,
saying in an amused tone: "It's true, you don't know each other yet.  Come here
Penny.  Come her, poppet.  Let me introduce you to Louis.  I've already talked
about him to you.  Louis, you have in front of you Penny our little friend...a
very dear friend to Victor and me...very dear, if you see what I mean."

        At that moment Victor too appeared and the two men greeted each other
affectionately, exchanging news of mutual friends.  Finally it was decided that
Louis would spend the evening with them.  Carola telephoned to a restaurant to
have a meal for four sent up, and while they were waiting, Victor mixed some
drinks.  The dinner was watered by an excellent champagne, and by desert the
conversation was in the right tone.  Carola was stimulated by the thought of
the future communal rites and heated by the champagne which the men had so
liberally served her, so it was she who started the ball rolling.  "Louis
darling, you have next to you a little idiot.  who won't believe that your
prick is even more upstanding than Victor's.  Show it to her. Give it to me,
I'll show her," and she leaned forward to unbutton his fly.

        "Wait a minute, wait a minute," laughed Louis.  "She'd only be
disappointed: "I'm not erect yet.  Besides, perhaps she doesn't want to see it.
I is true," he asked, turning to Penny, "that you want me to show you my dart?"

        She didn't dare reply, and Victor, who was caressing her breasts,
laughed as he said: :Don't be taken in by her saintly expression. She's a real
little pervert and I'm sure she's wet at the thought of your prick, so don't
stand on ceremony.  Show it to her.  Besides I propose this;  they'll turn
around and undress in front of us, which will give us an erection and then
they'll come and suck our weapons.

        The clothes dropped one by one, and soon the women were left in their
suspender-belts and briefs, and these came off in time and the two sweethearts
showed their moons in all their splendor, revealing at the same time the little
wrinkled holes and the moss of their cunts. Carola sprang onto her husband's
prick, leaving Louis to Penny's tender care.  Penny looked timidly at Louis's
abdomen, then let forth a cry of horror at the sight of the immense dart that
was nodding its head between his legs.  It would have not been out of place on
a well set-up donkey.  Louis pushed out his belly to emphasis its size. Pretty
Penny couldn't take her eyes off it, she looked like a rabbit fascinated by a
serpent.

        Louis asked her gently: :Have you ever seen one like that?  Tell me, my
pet, do you like it?  Do you want to kiss it?  Do you want to do what Carola is
doing?"

        Penny lifted her frightened eyes: "It's too big, I'll never get it in
my mouth."

        "I'll help you darling.  Kneel down on this cushion...now open your
mouth."

        Louis took his huge prick in his fingers, and smiling lasciviously, he
caressed the child's face with it, first her parted her lips, then her crimson
cheeks, and lastly under her nose for her to smell the exciting odor that rose
from the wet gland.  The powerful, aphrodisiac perfume went to Penny's head and
she licked his prick greedily. Then Louis lowered his huge gland in front of
her open mouth, and the lips opened as far as possible in an effort to envelop
it.  But the gland was too big to go in alone, so Louis seized Penny's head and
slowly, with a thrust of his abdomen, he drove the penis into her mouth.  It
was still tot big for her to slide her mouth up and down the stem, so he took
her face in his hands and began to move slowly back- wards and forwards.  Penny
looked at him with emotion and he replied with a smile and a slight
acceleration of the piston.  The child started and let out a groan that was
stifled by a gag; the enormous prick hurt her mouth and each thrust sent her
head back, while the gland hit the bottom of her throat, making her retch.
Nonetheless Louis continued his task, and Penny raised an ecstatic regard
towards the man to show she was happy.  Soon the big cylinder began to move
more rapidly, his prick was more brutal in its movements as if it wanted to
break in her throat, and her head shook backwards and forwards under the
pressure.  Suddenly she felt as if her throat had burst and a torrent of
burning sperm filled her mouth.  She had to swallow to avoid choking, but
Carola, who had been watching, rushed over to her dear friend, and, gluing her
mouth on Penny's shared the erotic cocktail.

        After a little rest,  Victor stretched his wife out on the table, and,
peeling a banana, thrust it into her vagina.  Then he leaned over and gluing
his mouth to her cunt, he sucked the banana, eating a good third of it, then he
beckoned Louis who also partook of this original desert; when he had finished
it was Penny's turn, and her part of the fruit had melted in the warmth of the
wet vagina, was viscous and sticky with Carola's desire.  Then Louis came back
to the attack.  He raised Carola's buttocks and placed his prick in the gaping
cunt, but it slipped on the wetness and missed the entrance.

        "Hold it in your hand," he said to Penny "and help me to put it in."

        She place the huge fruit at the entrance to the vagina and held it in
the right direction.  She felt Louis thrust forward with his rump, and she saw
the lips yield to the enormous phallus which half disappeared.  Two or three
more thrusts and it was almost completely invisible.  Louis withdrew slightly
and Penny felt the slippery weapon move in her grasp, then with a brutal bound,
he drove his prick in up to the balls, wedging her hand against Carola's sex,
while Carola herself groaned with pleasure and hung on the edge of the table.

        "Take away your hand, darling,"  said Louis.  "You're preventing me
from getting right in."  The child took her hand away and the young man began
screwing his victim like some wild animal.  Carola groaned and screamed and
demanded more violence still in the movements that shook her from head to foot.

        At that moment, Penny felt Victor glide his prick into her hand,
whispering at the same time; "Stroke me, or I'll take you from behind."

        Terrified at his prospect, Penny took his dart and began to masturbate
his lover.  "Don't you want to put it in me?" she whispered, excitedly.  "Don't
you want to make love."

        "Of course, my darling, but I'm reserving you for Louis, who's going to
fuck you in front of me later.  I shall console myself with Carola."

        "But he's too big for me," exclaimed Penny.

        "All the better.  Don't you want to taste that beautiful prick.  Just
look how Carola's enjoying it."

        At that moment, Carola's cries increased in volume and mingled with the
grunts of Louis's orgasm.

        After another rest, Louis seized Penny passionately to him, and she
felt his weapon rigid against her tender flesh.  "My sweet love," he whispered.
"Will you be mine?"  Will you be my wife?  I love you so much.  Tell me, my
dove, do you want to make love with me?"

        "Oh yes," she stammered.  "But be gentle...you're so big...and I'm so
small."

        "Don't be frightened, darling  I'll be gentle with you.  I want to make
you scream with joy in my arms...I don't want to hurt you...I love you,
sweetheart...and if you are willing...this fist contact shall be our
engagement."

        "Engagement," stuttered Penny.

        "Yes, darling.  If you like me, will you take me for husband and
lover?"

        "I hope this is serious," said Victor with a smile.  "She's our little
protegee and you mustn't hurt her or Carola will scratch your eyes out."

        "That's right," added Carola.  "You can take her if you like, but you
must not play with her heart, because I'm sure she like you a lot."

        "Where did you think all that up?"  exclaimed Louis.  "I've never been
so serious in all my life and I've never wanted anyone for my wife the way I
want this darling little redhead."  There was an explosion of joy, kisses,
congratulations and more champagne.  But Victor looked a little sad.

        "What's the matter, old man?" asked Louis.  "You don't look very
pleased.  Does it annoy you?"

        "Its not that old boy.  Its just that I'm a bit sad a the thought of
losing Penny forever."

        "How stupid can you get?" asked Louis.  I hope we'll always be close
friends, and since you lend me Carola, I shall lend you Penny whenever you want
her...unless she doesn't want to."

        "Of course I want to, and I'm very happy," said Penny, "for I should
have been miserable to leave them," and she threw herself shyly in Carola's
arms.

        The moment had come to celebrate the engagement and the two women led
the way into the bedchamber.  When the men arrived, the two darlings were
playing on the bed.  They watched for a second then Victor clapped his hands,
saying: "Take your places for the quadrille. Carola, suck her pretty little
cunt to lubricate it, and Penny, you kiss your fiance's prick, so that it will
slide in easily."

        When the two organs were ready, Louis kissed Penny and told her to get
on all fours on the bed.  Louis came behind her and his weapon tickled the
separation of her buttocks.  "No...No!" screamed Penny, "Not there...it'll hurt
too much."

        "No, my darling.  I'm not going to sodomize you.  I'm going to fuck you
in the Roman position...Is that all right?"

        "Yes, I don't mind that, but not in my anus."

        "But my dove, don't you ever want me to take you the back way?"

        "I'd love to give you pleasure, Louis, but your thing is so huge,
you'll ruin me for life."

        "But I intend on doing it on our wedding night, my pet.  Will you
refuse me then?"

        "I love you too much to refuse, but I know you'll hurt me dread-
fully."

        Louis reassured his little fiancee, then opened wide her legs, kneeling
between them, and placed his weapon in the gaping cunt. Straightening his
weapon in the gaping cunt.  Straightening slowly, he seized her by the hips to
hold her in position, then thrust forward. Penny cried when the monstrous prick
broke past the delicate lips;  she felt her flesh yield before the powerful
penetration of the huge dart. It felt as if it were his wrist that entered her,
so hard it was, and when he began to screw her with all his strength she had to
grip the sheets to withstand the assault.  She looked like a young greyhound
being mounted by a Great Dane.  To make the thrusts deeper, Louis pulled her
towards him with every forward movement, and so his huge penis disappeared up
to the balls, and no-one could have guessed that she was sheltering such and
abnormal prick.  A thrust, more brutal than the rest, made her lose her balance
and she collapsed on the bed, but her rump was still held high by Louis who
continued to fuck her.

        Penny was delirious with pleasure.  She had never felt anything so
wonderful.  The rhythmic motions of the giant dart, driven deep into her
distended vagina, shook her with voluptuous thrills.  The sound that poured
from her open mouth were inarticulate; her eyes were revulsed.  Her vagina was
tortured by indescribable sensations that made her whole body shudder. She was
dribbling and didn't realize it.  Louis movements became jerkier and more
violent; his breathing was difficult, and ruffled groans betrayed the pleasure
he must feel at having his mighty prick compressed in the narrow sheath.
Suddenly he clung savagely to the child, and gave three last brutal thrusts,
before his sperm, to the accompaniment of his yells, flooded the depths of her
vagina.  Penny was maddened by her joy.  She screamed long and loud when she
felt the first jet of sperm drown her flesh, and she tainted, still hanging by
the dreadful tail that impaled her.

        From that day on, Louis visited his fiancee and his friends every day.
Often they went out together, and, one afternoon, when they were in a box in
the cinema, he asked her to stroke him, and Penny amused herself by
masturbating his huge weapon while watching the screen with an innocent
expression.  When he felt it coming, he asked her to put a handkerchief over it
to avoid staining his suit, but Penny was intoxicated by his prick, and,
leaning over it, she glued her lips to the enormous gland and received the
discharge, full in her mouth.  As a reward, Louis slipped his hand under her
skirt and caressed her until she too was shaken by a spasm of pleasure.


                                   CHAPTER 10

        At last the necessary papers for the marriage were completed and the
long awaited day arrived.  The wedding was very chic, for both lawyers were
very well connected.  Penny was wearing a heavenly white dress which emphasized
her air of innocence and many of the male guests felt an itching in his penis
at the thought that the pretty little bride, so immaculate in her virginal
dress, would be deflowered that night.  Little did they know that the lovely
redhead had long lost both virginities and was frequently fucked and buggered
by two enormous pricks that would have frightened many women.  The happy day
ended with a magnificent dinner; fifty guests, and towards the end of the
evening the happy pair took their leave, officially off to Italy. In fact they
were leaving the next day.  The first night was to be spent with Carola and
Victor in the new villa where Louis and Penny would live on their return.

        First of all, Louis undressed Penny, then she had to undress her
husband, punctuating the task with little licks and kisses to excite his
desire.  When the others were naked, they all moved over to the large bed,
where the sodomitic sacrifice would take place, for the moment had come.

        Carola, the mistress of ceremonies, disposed Penny in the appropriate
position, half-lying on the edge of the bed, legs hanging over the edge,
knelling on the white bearskin that acted as carpet. Louis came and knelt
behind his wife who shuddered in apprehension when she felt his heavy hands
separate her chubby cheeks.  Instinctively she contracted her anus, but Louis
salivated his gland abundantly, then leant forward and sucked her anus in order
to lubricated it.  Straightening slightly, he directed his terrifying weapon
towards the narrow way of Sodom.  For a little while he contented himself with
caressing the little pastille.  Penny allowed him to continue, but when she
felt a slightly heavier pressure and realized he was preparing to bugger her,
she turned around and said trembling, "darling, be gentle with me."

        Louis kissed her by way of reassurance, then holding the cheeks well
apart he thrust slowly forward.  The anus yielded to the pressure of the gland,
but the phallus was far too large too enter and rebounded off the tiny hole.
Louis tried again but with no more success.  The third time he jerked brutally
into her anus, and this time, the entrance was forced and a few millimeters of
the huge prick were swallowed up.  Penny yelled and continued her pleading.
Louis put his two thumbs to her anus and held it wide open, while with clenched
teeth, he pushed forward.  The gland disappeared completely, splitting the
walls of the anus.  Penny screamed in agony and struggled frenziedly to try and
escape the dreadful impalement that tortured her, but Louis was gripping her
tightly.  He paid no attention to her childish moans, but continued his work,
thrusting forward once more.  But his massive prick was much thicker at the
base and the huge mass was wedged as if in a vice.  He could neither advance
nor retreat.

        Victor passed him some almond oil, and with it, Louis anointed the
ravaged edges of her anus and the long stalk that was planted between her
buttocks.  Nothing could stop him now; he had to enter her. Slowly, under the
pressure, and thanks to the almond oil, the dreadful spear penetrated the
distended anus.  The pressure of the anal walls squeezed his dart so tightly,
he could hardly make it move.  Frowning and with gritted teeth, he withdrew
slightly, then pushed suddenly forward, driving it in almost up to the hairs.
Penny was almost fainting.  Her cries were like those of a woman in travail; it
felt as if her anus would split in two.  She had never suffered so much, and
with dripping brow, she was on the point of losing consciousness for despite
her prayers and supplications, the torture continued.

        Louis stopped a second, panting, to prolong his pleasure and Penny
thought it was over at last, but soon he began to burrow in her entrails,
burning the walls of the hole that was no longer little.  Suddenly Louis stood
up, but his prick was so tightly encircled by the wretched anus, that Penny's
rump rose with it, and she hung in space, her legs dangling, her face covered
with tears.  Then Louis pushed her into the middle of the bed, and as, after
all, his weight was beginning to tell, he threw himself upon her violently and
succeeded in entering the gigantic base of his weapon.  Penny fainted at the
shock and felt nothing of the torrent of sperm that flooded her intestines,
while Louis bellowed like a wild beast.

        When Louis extracted his bruised prick, he laughingly showed his
friends the result of the wild embrace.  Penny's anus was inside out and the
scarlet membranes were sticky with sperm.  The hole had been so horribly
enlarged by the size of the weapon that it looked like a quim that had strayed
between her buttocks.

        "Well, my beauty," said Victor gaily.  "This time you really got
something in the back.  I hope you like it."

        Penny was walking, bent in two, as if she still had something in her
arse.  "It was dreadful," she said sulkily.  "I'd never have believed that you
could be so cruel," she continued turning to Louis.

        "But, darling, you stood it all right."

        "I had to."

        To calm her, everyone sucked her anus and the gentle caresses of the
three tongues soon brought Penny's smile back.  Caress followed caress that
night, and about three in the morning Penny's division between her two lovers
was consecrated.  First of all, Louis wanted to show his wife once more the
stiffness of his weapon and, lying on his back, he made Penny sit astride him.
She lowered her rump onto his spear, guiding him into her cunt, then she
weighed gently on it until it entered her vagina, grimacing as she did so.  She
had swallowed three quarters of the weapon, when Louis, who could stand it no
longer, seized her lips, and drove in his prick up the balls.  Penny exclaimed
at the pain, but started screwing her husband like a real little woman, moving
up and own the penis in erection.

        Louis made a discreet gesture in Victor's direction who jumped up
behind Penny.  Penny protested and tried to jump up when she realized what was
happening, but Louis was gripping her firmly, laughing to reasure her, while
Victor placed the tip of his gland on the anus that ws hardened with fright. As
he had had the forethought to grease his prick with almond oil, and the
distended hole had been somewhat enlarged by the previous penetration, it was
not too difficult for him to introduce his gland into her intimacy, though the
size of heis prick dilated the still sensitive membranes and caused Penny to
cry out in pain.  But with one or two thrusts, he drove his prick up to the
hairs in her arse.

        Then both men began to screw their charming victim who wriggled and
snivelled at the movements of the giant darts that burrowed in her. When Louis
partly withdrew his, Victor pulled on her youthful buttocks and penetrated up
to his balls into the burning depths of her rectum.  The two huge pricks were
only separated by a thin membrane and the two men felt their weapons rub
against each other and this increased their pleasure.  Then encouraging each
other with obscene and erective phrases, they changed their tactics and
penetrated simultaneously in a slow cadenced rhythm.  Penny was sobbing with
masochistic pleasure at the regular blows of the mighty pricks that were
tearing her apart.  Her body was conculsed and dripping with sweat; she was
exclaiming incoherently, hysterical with joy at the idea of being nailed like a
butterfly pierced with two pins.

        She no longer felt her burning arse, and she was dribbling with
delight, shaken like a rag doll between the two men who were screwing for all
they were worth.  Suddenly she screamed with pleasure in a concerto of cries
and groans, while her martyred flesh was flooded on either side by torrents of
sperm.

        The next day the happy couple took the train for Italy and fresh
pleasures, which may well be the subject of another story if our charming
readers have not found this one too boring.

                                    THE END

