

     
                             Three on Julie, pt 1
                                (a true story)
     
     
          Before I start, I think I should give a brief description of my
     wife, Julie.  She's 26, stands a slim 5'3"  105lbs with flaming long
     red hair (a true redhead I might add!), blue eyes, & a set of pouting
     red-lips made for cock sucking.  She also has a nice firm pair of
     38B's that are just asking to be sucked & squeezed.  Her bottom half
     is even better, measuring at a lovely 36 inches with a pussy that is
     meticulously trimmed to expose her soft and tender cunt lips.  Julie
     also enjoys giving head & getting fucked doggy-style.  My wife can be
     quite submissive at times too.  One of my fantasies is to watch my
     wife serve more than one man at once.  The following is what happened
     a couple of weeks ago.
     
         That Friday, my friends, Mark & Alex invite us out for dinner. 
     On a lark (and being the devil that I am), I had my wife wear a black
     mini-skirt with a dark red top & sexy three inch black pumps.  She
     also wore a matching set of black lace panties & bra with sheer black
     stockings underneath.  With her expertly applied makeup and
     beautifully done hair she looked like a wet dream.
     
          Mark & Alex met us the restaurant, and were pleasantly surprised
     at Julie's attire.  All thru dinner, my wife flirted openly with
     them.  I guess she felt pretty secure, since I've known the guys for
     years, and it was all in fun.  After we ate, we decided to all go
     back to our house to do a little partying.  When we got back to our
     house I rounded up a few drinks and took out some smoke that I'd save
     for a special occasion while my wife & the guys chatted.  I joined
     them in the living room with the drinks and smoke and we were soon
     feeling no pain.  I was seated on couch next to my wife, and Alex was
     sitting on the her right.  Mark was in the love seat with his feet
     kick up on our coffee table and toking on the second joint.  My wife
     snuggled up to me as the effects of the pot had started on her
     because reefer had always made her sleepy & horny, and not always in
     that order.  After a few more passes of the joint, Julie closed her
     eyes and by the smile on her face she was enjoying the effects of the
     weed.
     
          I guess the drinks and smoke had the same effect on the guys,
     because Alex began to stare intently at my wife's curled up stocking
     clad legs and round ass.  I looked at him and gave him a wink and
     softly stroked Julie's ass thru the material of her mini.  I then
     gently hiked up her skirt to give him a better view of the wife's
     sheer panties.  All this time my wife had her head on my lap with her
     eyes closed.  I guess she had passed out from the booze & smoke,
     since we rarely smoked up.  I whispered to the guys that I had a plan
     if they were game.  Alex gave me a nod and Mark just gave me a
     devilish smile.  I told the guys to wait in the living room while I
     'prepare' the wife for bed.
     
          After I carried my sleeping wife to bed, I quietly undressed
     her, since I did not want to wake her.  Although I doubted an
     earthquake would have waken her in her state.  I purposely left her
     stockings and jewelry on, because it made her look so much sexier. 
     My cock was already rock solid as I thought of the perverted things
     the guys and I were going to do to the wife.  A thought crossed my
     mind...something about memorable moments...ahh, video tape.  Almost
     tripping over myself I ran into my office, grabbed the video
     equipment, and quickly setup the camera & tripod about 5 feet away
     from the foot of the bed.  Another idea crept into my perverted mind.
      Julie and I always had wanted to act out a fantasy where she was
     'forced' to performed.  I thought this was perfect opportunity.  I
     went to our dresser and got out several of Julie's silk scarves,
     blindfolded my sleeping wife and bound her hands together above her
     head.  Then I went & got her walkman, tuned it to one of the all nite
     dance mix stations, set the volume at a level where it wouldn't wake
     her but would drown out the background noise, and placed the
     headphones on.  There she was, all bounded, blindfolded, and fairly
     unaware of here environment.  So off I went into the living room to
     get the boys.
     
          When I brought Mark & Alex back into the bedroom, their mouths
     fell on the floor.  After reassuring them that I was totally for
     real, and had them agree not to mention the nite to anyone or try
     anything with Julie when I wasn't around, I gave them the go-ahead to
     explore every inch of my sex slave.  The three of us quickly
     undressed and were in our queen size bed in less than 10 seconds. 
     Suddenly there were 3 pairs of hands fondling my wife's sleeping body
     and exploring her every crevice.  After a couple of minutes, Mark
     went directly for Julie's creamy white breasts, and was soon gently
     suckling on them with abandon.  Alex, being the ass man, was between
     the wife's spread-eagled legs gently licking and slurping away at her
     trimmed pussy.  We were still pretty quiet, since we didn't want to
     wake the wife, however, even in her sleeping state her body was
     responding.  Julie's cunt was glistening both from Alex's saliva &
     from her own pussy juice.  Her nipples were now as hard as eraser
     heads.  It was then I noticed the size of Mark's cock.  Gawd, it was
     big...must of been a good nine inches long and two & a half inches in
     diameter.  My cock is a fairly average six inches and so was Alex's.
     
          Alex took the initiative by positioning himself between my
     wife's spread-eagled legs and slowly plowed his cock into her hot wet
     cunt.  Julie began to stir.  Initially she thought that it was me
     pumping her steaming cunt, but when she felt Mark nursing on her
     breasts, she gasped and tried to push him away, however, her bound
     hands could not comply.  Since my cock was already rock hard, I
     climbed to the top of the bed and guided my meat into my wife's
     waiting mouth.  Her attempts at screaming were now muffled by my
     prick on between her lips.  Alex continued his assault on her pussy,
     and soon Julie's muffled cries were replaced by moans.  Her hips
     started to push and gyrate against Alex's thrusts.  As he pumped into
     Julie's cunt, I would pull out, and soon we were fucking my wife in
     unison.  She then had her first orgasm.  Her body tensed, and she
     wrapped her legs tightly around Alex and began to really suck and
     deep throat my cock.  I guessed I was pretty excited by all this,
     because I felt my balls tightened and my knees giving away.  Now I
     was the one moaning and grunting.  I pulled my meat out of the wife's
     mouth and let loose a fountain of hot white cum on her face and lips
     and of course into her precious little mouth.  She shocked me by
     swallowing every bit that went into her mouth and she even licked her
     cum covered lips for more!  Mark by this time had enough of Julie's
     tits and motioned for me to move over so that he could sample some of
     my wife's charms.  Reluctantly, I climbed off the bed and watch as
     Mark crawled over the wife's face and fed her his 9 incher.  At the
     same time, Alex was still pumping away, he too, was moaning and
     groaning.  He stiffened and proceeded to dump, from what I could
     tell, a HUGH load into my wife, because some of the cum splashed back
     around his cock.  His orgasm brought the wife over the edge again,
     and she started to cum.  Mark's cock fell out of her mouth, and she
     was screaming and thrashing about on the bed.  Her grunts & moan were
     absolutely animalistic.  Julie's legs were still wrapped around Alex
     and she was milking his prick with her cum-filled pussy.  After her
     orgasm subsided, Alex quickly pulled out leaving her cum drenched
     cunt wide open.  Not giving my wife a rest, Mark quickly climbed
     between her legs and began to tease her pussy with his hugh rod. 
     This brought about little whimpers from Julie, and she pleaded for
     the meat that was teasing her.  Slowly Mark descended into her pussy.
      Julie threw her head back and gave off a silent scream with her
     mouth an 'O'.  After her cunt fully accommodated Mark's manhood, she
     began to rhythmically move her pelvis against Mark's thrusts.  I
     guess we were all pretty excited that night, because it only took
     about 5 minutes of sliding in & out of her slippery cunt before Mark
     tensed and shot load after load into my wife's well lubed pussy. 
     Seeing all of this gave me my second wind.  I helped Mark off Julie,
     and positioned myself for action.  Soon I was pumping away at my
     wife's sloppy cunt.  Let me tell you, there is nothing more of a
     turn-on than fucking away at a cum-filled pussy, especially when it
     belongs to your own wife who just fuck two of your best friends.  Her
     pussy was so slippery, and with every thrust it made squishing
     noises.  No sound effects from any porno movie could beat the real
     thing.  I pumped away like a man possessed.  Julie was panting and
     moaning with her legs wrapped around me.  I lowered myself and we
     locked in a hot french kiss.  I thought she was going to suck my
     tongue out!  I moved back and took one of her breasts between my
     lips, and sucked and twirled my tongue around her nipple.  This
     brought the wife over, and again she was squealing like a crazed
     woman.  Not being able to take it any longer, I started to cum in
     buckets into her drenched pussy, adding my load to the other two.  It
     was probably one of the best orgasms I had in my life.  I literally
     saw stars.
     
     I slowly withdrew and rested next to my wife's glistening body and
     remembered that the video camera was still on.  I got off the bed and
     took the camera off the tripod so that I could get a better view of
     my wife's cum filled cunt.  What a sight she was!  My wife's legs
     were still spreadeagled, and her pulsating pussy was all pink, wide
     open, and slightly puffy with three loads of white cum running down
     the slit and onto her ass.  To get the full effect, I zoomed in on
     her dripping cunt and pulled back to get a shot of my wife's heaving
     sweat covered post-orgasm body.
     
          The guys and I decided that we should clean Julie up and let her
     rest, so we untied her and removed the blindfold & walkman.  She
     didn't say one word as we help her off the bed and to the bathroom. 
     Her eyes were cast downward, and she behaved very submissively. 
     While my wife was in the bathroom cleaning up, the guys and I got
     semi-dressed and took the tape to the living room for viewing.  I was
     on pins and needles as we re-wound the tape.  When it finally came
     on, we were transfixed to the screen.  It was strange yet also an
     extreme turn-on for me to see my wife lying on our bed being ravaged
     by three horny men, one of which was me!  Alex was soon rubbing his
     cock thru his undies, and I was doing the same, even though I had
     already cum twice during the evening.  Good old Mark brought out my
     stasch of smoke and was rolling a bomber, when Julie stepped into the
     living room clad only in a blue teddy.  "May I be of any additional
     service?" she said in her sexiest voice.  All of a sudden everything
     was dead silent except for the moans coming from our earlier tape. 
     Mark, Alex, and I looked at each other and smiled from ear to ear.
     
          Since the three of us guys were already seated on the couch, we
     suggested that Julie lay herself down on our laps so we could pay
     more attention to her while we shared our third joint and enjoy our
     earlier romp on tape.  My wife had her head on my lap and the rest of
     her was laid out over Alex, who was in the middle, and Mark.  As we
     shared the smoke, we fondled and caressed the wife in all the right
     places, bringing little mewing sounds from her.  All four of us were
     becoming high from the pot.  Alex aimed for home and proceeded to
     stroke Julie's pussy thru the flimsy material of her teddy.  Wanting
     to get more comfortable I suggested that we move back into the
     bedroom for some serious carnal activities.
     
          Once in the bedroom, we had my wife lay on her stomach with
     three pillows underneath her tummy.  Her ass was sticking high into
     the air.  We then blindfolded and tied her arms to the bed posts. 
     Being a gracious host, I again offered my wife to the boys for their
     enjoyment.  Mark knelt behind my wife and dove right into her pink
     swollen pussy with his tongue.  After a couple of licks, Julie was
     squirming her ass for more penetration.  Mark already being hard, got
     on his knees and plowed his meat into the wife in one smooth slow
     stroke which sent Julie over.  Mark continued to give my wife deep
     long strokes as Alex and I played with our hard cocks on the
     sidelines.  Suddenly Mark arched, buried his rod to the hilt, and
     poured what seemed like gallons of cum into the wife's cunt.  This
     triggered Julie's umpteenth orgasm for the evening, and being the
     small woman she is, cum ran out between her pussy lips in thick white
     globs.  Not able to take anymore, I quickly pulled Mark off my wife
     and in minutes, I was adding another load into our slut's drenched
     pussy.  While I was still being pleasured by my wife's contracting
     pussy, Alex positioned himself at Julie's face and fed her his raging
     boner.  After being thoroughly milked dry by the wife's cunt, I
     finally pulled out & rested.  Seeing this, Alex assumed the position
     and started to slide his member in & out of Julie's cunt.  Again,
     within minutes, he was moaning and groaning and dumping his second
     load into the wife's well used cunt.  With Julie still tied &
     blindfolded to the bed and cum running out of her pussy, we all
     collapsed on the bed and fell asleep for the night.
     

