
I was in bed with my wife lying beside her warm body reading the latest issue
of "Genesis" magazine.  "Listen to this", I said to Jeryl.  "Helen of Boise,
Idaho writes,  'Girls, you haven't experienced anything until you have had
another dick inside you as you lovingly kissed your husband!'"  Jeryl flushed
and smiled and asked back, "So?"  My cock was rock hard just thinking about
being in bed with her and another guy.  "Haven't you ever thought about how it
would feel?", I asked.  "Of course I have, I think everyone does once in
awhile."  "Well, what do you think?" "'Bout what?" "About trying a threesome!"
Again, she turned beet red but glowed that look of lust and smiled that
sensuous smile of sex.  "I don't think I could do it", she answered.  "Why
not," I persisted.  "Well, where would I meet the guy?"  "I could take of that
for you!"  "What do you mean?" "Well I would just discretly ask around or
better yet hint around the subject at work and see if anyone is interested!"
Jeryl took my cock and started stroking it slowly.  "You would be willing to
watch me fuck another guy and you are going to get him for me?"  Inside I was
bursting with desire.  The thought of my wife with one of my work friends was
shooting blazing paths of lust through my brain (not to mention feeling my
sweetie's expert toungue around my shaft!).  She was hot as hell now and we
stopped talking for awhile and commensed to fuck our brains out.  Our
discussion had led to some of the hottest sexual feeling we had had in a long
time.  The next morning on my way out the door to work, I winked at her and
said, "Well?"  "Well what?" "Do I or don't I?" "What in the hell are you
mumbling about," she asked.  "Do you want me to bring up the subject we were
talking about last night up at work today or not."  Instantly my wife was
flushed and giggled her desire to go ahead.

        One thing I hadn't told Jeryl was the hinting around process was
already complete and I had the candidate in mind.  My friend Al was single,
about 5'2" tall, muscular and a lot of fun to be around.  He was a crazy kind
of guy that would try anything once and when I had approached him on the
subject he had told me about an incident that had happened to him a few months
back.  He had been riding home from work with a buddy and his wife.  The girl
was in the middle of the front seat and Al sat in the passenger side.  As they
were driving down the road, the girl had slowly placed her hand on Al's leg and
when he gave a glance at the husband, he was returned an approving nod and
smile.  The girl had led Al's hand to under her skirt and he found a wet pussy
waiting for his fingers.  She stretched back, spread her legs and soon both men
were finger fucking her.  When they got to Al's place, he invited them in and
from there they went wild enjoying the guy's wife.

      "It was a lot of fun being the object of desire of another guy's wife
when he was there assisting," Al had told me.  When I saw him that morning, I
pulled him aside and told him of Jeryl and my discussions last night.  "What
do you think?", I asked him.  "If you two are game, so am I!"  "When?" "Well,
how about tonight?"  That took my breath away.  I had figured that I would
have had to spend weeks just checking things out and hinting around at
scenarioes, but I had been direct and so had Al and now I was only Jeryl's OK
away from making my fantasy reality.

      When I got home that night,  Jeryl was itching to find out what had
transpired at work, but didn't say anything.  I smiled and told her that I had
hinted around with a guy at work and he seemed interested.  She smiled broadly
and asked if he was REALLY interested or just playing around.  "Well, you will
find out in 30 minutes!"  "What!", she screamed, "You invited him over now,
today for that!"  "I sure did!"  "Jesus, I've got a million things to do!" and
with that she scurried from the living room into the bedroom and was quickly
in the shower.  Was she anxious or what?  I watched as my wife carefully
washed herself taking extra care to make herself very, very clean.  Her trim
figure, medium sized breasts and nice bush were turning me on all over the
place.  Plus the thought that soon another man's eyes would be filled with her
nakedness made me as erect as I could get.  Jeryl finished her shower, brushed
her teeth, put on perfume and brushed her hair.  She put on an oversize
T-shirt with no bra, little lace panties and then an old pair of jeans.  My
wife looked and smelled wonderful.  As I was gazing at her noticing the
far-away dreamy look in her eyes the doorbell rang.  "God, I don't even know
who it is!," she exclaimed.  "You'll find out!", I laughed as I went to answer
the door.  It looked like Al had done some preparing himself.  His hair was
carefully combed and he looked neater than I had ever seen him look.  But then
again I wasn't used to him coming over for a date!  When Jeryl saw it was Al
she squeeled with delight and they both warmly hugged each other.  "Come on in
Al", my wife said.

      They both looked radiant.  They kept smiling at each other as they sat
down on our couch.  I got us all some drinks and offered a toast to
"friendship" and we clinked our glasses together.  Jeryl's eyes were fixed on
Al as I sat on the rug in front of them.  My wife put her feet up on the couch
on touched her toes to Al's legs.  I reached up and undid the top button on
her jeans and pulled them down just a touch revealing my wife's panties to
another man for the first time.  With that Al said, "Why don't we go to the
bedroom!" Jeryl almost jumped up and led the way to our room.  I turned on the
blue lights and Jeryl quickly took off her jeans and pulled the blankets from
the bed and lay on her back in the middle.  She spread her legs a little and
her pussy hair was clearly visible under her panties.  Not to be outdone, Al
took off his pants but didn't stop there.  In a flash he was naked and my wife
and I got a real surprise.  Even though he is a small man physically, Al had a
huge cock.  It was very erect and hard and was about 9 inches long but the
real size was its width.  It was hugh.  I took off my clothes as Al lay to one
side and I lay to the other.  I was transfixed as Jeryl took Al's dick into
her hand and started to massage it.  She turned slighlty towards him and he
kissed her softly on the lips and my wife didn't hesitate to return his French
kisses as she cupped his balls.  I slid her panties off and she widely spread
her legs as Al started rubbing her tits under her T-shirt.  He then lowered
his hand down her body till he reached her pussy and my dick twitched as I
watched him rubbing her pussy lips.  They were kissing passionately as he slid
first one then two then three fingers into my wife's cunt.  She arched her
back to help his fingers get deeper and she was wet with desire as Al
finger-fucked her.  Soon he had all three fingers wet and plunging rythmicly
in and out of her pussy.  I had never done this to her before.  She took hold
of my member as I snuggled up to her and licked her ear.  I lifted her shirt
up and Al and I kept it going up over her head until she too was completely
naked before us.  Al started licking one nipple as I started sucking on the
other.  I reached down and slowly inserted a finger into her ass as Al
continued finger fucking her.  Soon she was hopping up and down with her
buttocks in the throughs of orgasm.  I had never seen her come so quickly
before!  She spread her legs very, very wide apart and raised her knees up and
Al took the hint. He got up over her on his knees and with both hand my wife
took his big, hard penis in her hands and guided it to her hole!  Not to be
outdone,  I got up and crawled up the bed and put my meat near her head. Jeryl
turned to me and, as she pulled his cock slowly into her pussy, started
licking and sucking on mine.  I think a woman is most beautiful when she is
full of lust enjoying two cocks at once.  My bursting penis slid in and out of
her mouth as I watched Al slowly fuck my wife.  He huge cock filled her pussy
all the way as he slowly slid it all the way to the depths of her hole and
then back again.  I could see her swollen clitoris and could imagine what it
must have felt like to her.  I couldn't take it anymore and spurted my cum
into her eager mouth.  She sucked on me until there was nothing at all left.
When I withdrew my dick she had drops of jizz around her lips and down her
neck.  What a sight!  I got up and got her a towel to wipe up with as my
friend continued to fuck my wife. She now could concentrate on him as I sat on
my side next to them.  Jeryl pulled Al down to her and I watched as his chest
met her hard nipples.  My love wrapped her legs around his ass pulling his
cock tightly into her as she tried to thrust back with each plunge he was
giving her.  He face was radiant with full pleasure as he gave her little
kisses and she licked his tongue in response.  Her hands pulled at his ass and
when she squeezed his butt cheeks I think she caused his orgasm.  He wildly
thrust into her repeatedly as he filled my wife's pussy with his hot come. For
what seemed like hours to me, but was actually only a moment or so, they
rocked in mutual orgasm.  Then Al slowly calmed down and soon was just lying
softly on my naked and exhausted spouse.  Or so I thought!  Jeryl smiled at me
and asked me to get her a glass of water.  Her breasts were ruby red and she
had patches of heat everywhere. "I love you for letting me do this Rick", she
whispered still almost out of breath.  I got up and walked to the kitchen for
the water.  I was surprised to feel my dick getting hard again and as I poured
two big glasses of cool water it was standing straight up.  When I walked back
into the bedroom Jeryl was now on top of Al and he had his dick up her cunt
again as she sat on it controlling the action.  I put the glasses down on the
bedstand and went back behind them and watched as his huge cock seemed to be
wrapped my my wife's pussy lips.  Little drops of his cum were all around her
cunt and some had leaked down onto the bed.  Al was hard as a rock fucking her
steadily as I lay down once again beside them.  Jeryl was kissing him
passionately and her boobs were rubbing his chest and neck.  He at times would
tweek her nipples which were hard and pink.  She responded by guiding first
one tit and then the other into his mouth.  Al sucked on my wife's nipples
eagerly as she bounced up and down on his dick.  Soon she was really wildly
pumping into another orgasm.  She lay on him for a minute or so and then
rolled off.  I turned her on her side facing Al and snuggled up behind her and
stuck my dick in her hot hole.  Al's come felt burning hot around my dick as I
fucked my wife slowly.  He repositioned himself so that he was laying with his
head near her pussy and his dick was near her face.  Jeryl pulled him closer
and licked the cum off the head of his cock.  I held her closely and watched
enthralled as she fellated my friend.  Al began to slowly fuck her mouth and
my wife did everything she could to get all of his monster dick into her
mouth.  She massaged his hairy balls as I slowly fucked her with my erect
penis.  She held up one leg so all could finger her clit as my dick went in
and out of her. Jeryl reached down and pulled my cock free and then pulled
Al's mouth to her pussy and they began a side-to-side sixty-nine.  She licked
his balls as he toungued her cunt.  I rubbed her back and played with her
titties a little and felt her heat.  I licked her earlobe as I watched her
cheek expand and contract as my friends dickhead slid in and out of her lips.
Faster and faster it got and I was only a couple inches away when Al exploded
once again coming in her mouth.  Jeryl eagerly sucked his cock until it was
flaccid.  She turned to me and smiled with cum dripping from both corners of
her tired mouth.  She was pink and red all over and all of us were exhausted.
This time for real!  We lay back and cuddled and drifted off to sleep.  A few
hours later I was awaken by a little kick to find Al fucking Jeryl
side-to-side her ass toward me.  I held her as they fucked again feeling her
thrusts back to his.  She held Al tightly and once again came off violently
shaking as he continued to ram his big dick into her.  Once again we all soon
drifted back to sleep.  When I woke up in the morning they were already awake
and laughing and giggling.  I instinctively gave my wife a hug as she tried to
warn be but it was too late.  She had masturbated Al earlier and her whole
pussy area and lower stomach was covered with warm cum.  I got it all over me
when I hugged her and we all laughed.  Al had to go to work and he got up and
got dressed and left.  Jeryl sucked my cock for awhile and said this to me,
"The one thing I don't like about this is what thoughts have been going
through my head all night and this morning."  "What thoughts are those?", I
asked.  "Well, honey, now that I have experienced such a pleasurable thing as
this, how can I ever stop?" "What do you mean?" "Well, as soon as you leave
for work,  I'm going to the apartment manager and I'm going to suck his cock
and let him fuck the hell out of me like he has always wanted to do!"  "Do it
I said.  The only thing I ask is that you tell me all the details and that you
be totally honest with me."  "Also, there is a guy at my work," she added,
"that I am going to bring home tonight if he wants to come and we can do this
all again."  "I love you honey," I said as I left for work thinking that I
started this all by reading a letter in "Genesis" magazine!
