"THREE MEN IN A DAY" 
by David Lee 
 
Dear Cyn: 
	I was so horny for you. I had to come and see you.... Not living 
with you was driving me up the wall, and I had to feel your powerful 
erotic presence.   
	I called you about 3 P.M. to see if I could come and see you. 
"Yes, please come as soon as you can", you said in a hushed voice, "I 
have some stories I want to tell you". 
	You knew that telling me about your sexual exploits would excite 
me, and when you said that, my cock pulsed in my pants.   
	"I'll be there as soon as I drop Jenny off at work", I informed you 
and proceeded as quickly as I could to your home. 
	When I arrived we went immediately to your bedroom. I took you 
in my arms, placed my lips on yours with open mouths, and began 
touching your soft body everywhere. I turned you around with your 
back to me and unsnapped your jeans so I could slip my fingers into 
your vagina. It was hot and slick with your cream, and someone else's 
cum, come to find out.   
	I whispered in your ear, "You've never deep-throated me, and it 
would give me so much pleasure if you tried. Do it for awhile, until you 
get tired, then tell me a sexy story, then suck me some more". 
	You turned around, put your arms around my neck, kissed  
me with a furor I've seen very few times, and said, "Drop your pants". 
	The "s" in "pants" were barely out of your lips and they were off. I 
sat on the bed, with my jeans around my ankles, and immediately your 
mouth engulfed all of me, as if you were a professional cock-sucker. I 
was in erotic heaven!  You slowly slid your hot lips from the tip of my 
penis down, until your nose was into my pubic hair, then back up to the 
tip, and repeated the motion several times. 
	You stopped, looked up into my eyes, stuck your tongue out and 
licked the underside of my shaft as if it were a lollipop, smiled and 
said, "Your the third man today I've had sex with". 
	My heart jumped, shivers went through my spine, and my cock 
pulsed inside your mouth. "Oh yes, tell me about it". 
	"Well, you know I've been dating Danny a quite a bit. He stayed 
the night last night, and when he awoke this morning he wanted to 
make love to me again before he left. We kissed for a few minutes, 
then he pushed his hand between my legs and began fingering me. He 
does that well, you know, and soon I was in the mood to have him fuck 
me. I rolled over on top of him. He was hard, so I reached in back of 
me, parted my pubic-hair and cunt lips with his cock, and sat down on 
it.... putting it in as far as I could. He reached up and started squeezed 
my breasts and he had this lewd look on his face. I started bucking up 
and down on him as fast as I could, just to try and get myself off... 
because it's almost impossible for that to happen with anyone else but 
you, and I could feel the first tremors deep inside. 
	But he couldn't last long enough. He started pushing up into me, 
matching my bouncing, and then he just started pumping his cum 
inside. I was disappointed, but enjoyed giving him so much pleasure. I 
got some pleasure from it, but it left a little ache inside that needed to 
be fulfilled. He left shortly after that to go to work". 
	As if to give me time to ponder your words, you again slid your 
mouth over my penis, and once again took all of my hardness deep 
into your throat. You know, I'm sorry that I'm so big, because I 
remember as you took me into your throat the 5th or 6th time in a row, 
you had tears in your eyes... not tears really, more of misty cloud 
glazing your eyes as you looked up at me. 
	"Take a break and tell me more... Who was the second man?  
And the third", I said. 
	You smiled and said, "Well actually, you are the third".  Then you 
took my cock deep into your mouth and throat again, while your 
raunchy sweet gaze never left my eyes. You released my dick for a 
moment to say, "Ron was here just before you came. In fact he was 
here when you called". 
	Knowing Ron had been here with you made me feel good, and I 
smiled down at your face all stuffed with my shaft. He has been a true 
and wonderful friend for many years. I wanted to adopt him in a 3 way 
marriage, but unfortunately he wanted a relationship with just one 
person.   
	My smile soon faded, to be replaced by what must have been an 
animal lust face when you began to relate.... "He just stopped by to 
see how I was doing, and to try and cheer me up. I love him so much 
as a friend, and he gave me a rush of pleasure just caring as he does, 
that I wanted to give him as much pleasure as I could, right then!"   
	"I took his hand and led him into here from the living room. It was 
so cute, he had this completely puzzled look on his face. But not for 
long. I unfastened his pants and let them drop to the floor around his 
ankles, and gave him a gentle push so that he sat back on the bed. I 
opened my shirt and started to pull on my nipples, which were already 
hard, got down on my knees, and sucked his cock into my mouth. It 
got hard immediately". 
	"I love to suck his cock. It's just the right size to fit in my mouth, 
and it feels so good there. I can swish my tongue around it while it's in 
there. I feel so powerful and in control when doing that to him. It was 
getting me so hot. My pussy was squishing when I moved, my nipples 
felt almost painful they were so hard. I kept my one hand on them 
manipulating them". 
	"I remember having the thought of you being behind me, pulling 
my jeans down, and fucking me from behind. I almost came right then, 
but I didn't have enough hands to play with all the toys available to me. 
I resigned myself to the pleasure of tweaking my nipples, sucking on 
Rick, caressing his butt, and playing with his balls." 
	"His eyes were wide open watching me play with my nipples. He 
started to say something, but the words ended up gibberish. His eyes 
rolled in their sockets and he moaned. I almost came myself at the 
sound he made". 
	"All this time I had been cupping his balls and massaging them in 
my fingers. They began pulsating in my hand, so I knew he soon would 
be exploding. God, I felt like the queen of the world, holding his 
manhood at the brink. I had him in my realm, totally my servant, and I 
could make him do anything....." 
	Once again you interrupted your story and put my penis into your 
throat. I thought, "I can't believe she is doing this, she's always given 
up after a token effort. Why is she doing this now?" 
	Damn! Then you removed my dick from your mouth, started 
stroking me with your soft hand, and continued, "I hadn't stroked Ron's 
cock with my mouth, but now I wanted to feel him spurting in there. 
When I started pumping him, he grabbed my hair in his hands, not to 
force my movements, but just to feel the motion". 
	"Then he came, now forcing my face into his crotch.  Then he 
growled, moaned, bucked and heaved, all the while keeping his cock 
in my mouth. I kept swallowing and swallowing, but I couldn't drink it 
all, and I felt some of it ooze from the corner of my lips, trailing down 
my......." 
	Do you remember how hard I came then? The sperm shot out 
from your grip, startling you because you were so involved with your 
fable of lust. You moved your face towards it and got splattered on 
your cheek before you once again sucked my cock down your throat. 
I've never felt anything like this in my life. My cock jerked in this tight 
confinement while your throat spasmed from trying to gag the intrusion 
out of it. I was in awe. You kept me inside there until I began to shrink. 
Your eyes were wet from the strain and discomfort, your face was 
bright red and flushed, you had cum on your cheek, and this poignant 
smile on your face, completely pleased with your accomplishment. 
	I want to tell you something now. That was when I first felt that 
you tried as hard as I, in giving pleasure. You know.... remember how I 
would suck on your cunt until I would almost pass out from 
hyperventilating, giving everything I could to make sure you were 
satisfied. Don't get me wrong. You would always in your own 
structured way make me reach a climax, but you would only give so 
much, and then I could feel you closing off to me. It was getting very 
routine, almost boring. I would suck you off, I would fuck you, you 
would seem tired or bored, and I would cum half-assed. Of course  
being separated changed all that. It was as if not having the security of 
a live-in mate, opened the sexual being in you, sucking mankind 
towards your hole, making you blossom like a flower in spring.... 
With Love, David 
 
Copyright 1993 ã HomZin Box 50552 97405 Thank you for donations. 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 




1



