(c) Copyright 1997 Eros.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  Reposted by mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.



++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
                             THREE TO PLAY
                              (by EROS!)

       My older sister, Jessica, had changed since her brief marriage
    and subsequent divorce. My parents pretended not to notice, perhaps
    because they preferred a quiet, distantly dutiful daughter to the
    wild woman who'd eloped out of a second story window two years
    before. My reasons for missing the old Jessica were predictably
    selfish. With my sister seriously calmed down, my parents had more
    time to concentrate on my sexual indiscretions.

       At the time I'm talking about, I had just become involved with
    two different girls. Samantha was a "nice" girl from my college
    classes with a seemingly tireless mouth, and Dianne was a local
    resident townie with humongous tits and a "nasty" attitude to match.
    Neither girl knew about the other one, although it took some
    interesting juggling to keep it that way.

       The situation came to a head when my parents left town for the
    weekend, and I made the mistake of mentioning it to both Samantha
    and Dianne. Both girls separately came up with the idea of dropping
    by for a "surprise" visit. Well, it was a surprise, all right. My
    face got slapped from both sides before the two of them stomped out
    in different directions. Jessica heard the commotion, of course. She
    slipped down the stairs when it had quietened down, only to find me
    sitting on the sofa with my head in my hands.

       "You've got to slow down, Mark," she said as she sat next to me
    and draped a comforting arm about my shoulders.

       It wasn't meant to be a sexual gesture, but I'm a healthy man of
    22 and Jessica wasn't wearing anything except the nearly-transparent
    silk kimono that was practically her uniform around the house. When
    she was that close to me, I couldn't help but see the dark outline
    of her proud nipples through the thin fabric.

       "I'm too young to slow down, Sis" I grumbled, turning slightly.

       My face was much too close to those tempting tits, which appeared
    to be a pair that could stand up to Dianne's any day of the week. I
    tried to hold my breath for a moment, but I couldn't stop myself
    from becoming a little dizzy from the musky scent of my sister's
    perfume.

       Jessica shivered, and the fine hairs on her bare arm stood up. I
    found myself wondering when she'd last had sex. My older sister had
    been a once-a-day woman before her marriage, but lately she hadn't
    even been bothering to answer the phone. Her fingers tightened their
    grip slightly on my shoulder as I moved a fraction closer.

       "Those were my plans for the weekend that just walked out the
    front door," I whispered. "And I know that you haven't been going
    out for a long time. So, what are we going to do to entertain
    ourselves, sister dear?"

       "Not what you're thinking!" Jessica snatched back her arm and
    gave me a sudden shove. The very intensity of her action and the sly
    grin on her face told me that she'd been secretly, guiltily
    considering the same thing I was.

       "Why not? We're both horny. No one will ever know."

       She stood, clasping her arms in a bundle in front of her abundant
    boobs. "It isn't right!"

       "And it is right to flash your naked body at me through that
    filmy robe? It's right to make the spunk build up in my balls until
    they're ready to explode?"

       Her lower lip pouted out in a soft, sensuous gesture. It was a
    pose, one I could easily see through. She wanted me to think that
    she could resist me, but she also wanted me to find her
    irresistible. It was a dangerous game that my sister was playing

       Do I really make the spunk build up in your balls, little
    brother?" she asked. "Or is that just a line you spin to all your
    women ?"

       "Come here, and let me show you, Sis!"

       She made as if to head for the stairs and turned on her toes at
    the last moment. And then we were in each other's arms, our
    trembling bodies struggling to fuse together through our clothes.
    Our lips met in a long open-mouthed kiss that took my breath away.

       Jessica undressed me more rapidly than she meant to. I could see
    my see my sister's lust mount as she opened my jeans. A soft,
    glistening drop of saliva glimmered on her lower lip as she knelt
    for a good look at my rapidly rising cock.

       "No, no, no!" I said, playfully waggling a finger at her. "No
    touching until you're naked too."

       Jessica stepped back and tugged at the silk cord that held her
    kimono closed. The robe gaped, and the next thing I knew she was
    naked

       "Kiss me," she whispered. I pulled her down on top of me on the
    couch so that I could hump the long loveliness of her silken body as
    I sealed my lips around hers. Our tongues engaged in a soft,
    sensuous dance that made the blood pulse in my veins. Her flat, firm
    belly jerked slightly, tickled by the small drops of lubricating
    fluid that were oozing out of the head of my cock. "Ohhhh, Mark,
    honey! Let me suck it," she murmured.

       My sister's weight shifted on the sofa until she had her head in
    the right position. I felt like a pampered emperor of old as I
    simply lolled back on the black leather and savored the feeling of
    Jessica's lips sucking on my bloated cockhead. She seemed to have an
    instinct for it, teasing the tip of her tongue against exactly the
    right place at exactly the right time. It soon became too much for
    me to bear. I wanted plunge my cock into her tight, juicy wet cunt.

       "Let's fuck, Jessica!" I begged. "I'm not going to be able to
    hold out much longer!"

       She giggled, actually giggled, for joy. Do you know how long it
    had been since I'd heard my sister laugh? I felt like singing with
    happiness when her small, tight pussy slowly descended onto my
    shaft.

       Our fuck started out normally enough for a classic case of
    brother-sister screwing, but it quickly transformed itself into
    something wild and crazy. Although the sofa was nearly new, it
    groaned and creaked under the violence of our mutual thrashing.
    Jessica could contract her inner pussy muscles until her twat was
    squeezing me like a tight, hot fist.

       She started cumming first, but I was right behind her. She
    clutched at my chest as she sat up straight to jam hard on my
    shooting dick Her mouth opened into a perfectly round O as she
    yelped out in pleasure with every spasm.

       The two of us drifted into a light sleep with Jessica's naked
    body still resting atop mine. I wasn't really completely asleep,
    because I was constantly and delightfully aware of the warm,
    pleasant weight of her. Jesus, I'd just fucked my own sister! Who
    ever would have believed that it could feel so good?

       The doorbell rang. "Mmmm?" Jessica said, lifting her pretty head.
    Her eyes were still half-closed. She looked utterly vulnerable,
    utterly fuckable. A fresh supply of hot blood rushed to the head of
    my semi-hard cock.

       Then there was a knock. Whoever it was at the front door just
    wasn't taking the hint. I shifted lazily underneath my sister, but
    she placed a long finger against my lips and mouthed the words,
    "Ignore it." That sounded good to me, but I really should have known
    that Samantha and Dianne hadn't bothered with locking the door
    behind them when I left.

       All of a sudden, the knob was turning and the door was opening. I
    was too shocked to move. Not that I could have gone very far without
    knocking poor Jessica down to the floor. There was just no two ways
    about it. My sister and I had been well and truly caught! Dianne's
    eyes went as round as Jessica's had during her orgasm.

       "I, uh, I came back," she said, rather stupidly. (Well, we could
    all see that, couldn't we) "I mean, your friend said all she did was
    give you head and I figured that wasn't any real competition with
    me." She took another look at Jessica and me. "Damn it, Mark. Is
    that your sister? Have you been fucking your sister, too?"

       Jessica finally regained enough of her senses to roll off my body
    and stand up. Of course, when she did that, she also revealed the
    throbbing, quivering hard-on that I'd recently developed. Dianne
    gasped and took a step backward.

       "It's all right, Dianne," Jessica smiled. "I'm not competing with
    you, either. I'll never be a serious girlfriend to my brother. We
    both just needed a good fuck because we were frustrated and lonely.
    After what happened between you, Mark didn't think you wanted him
    any more."

       Dianne kept opening and closing her mouth like a kissing fish. It
    might have been easier for her to concentrate on what Jessica was
    saying if my sister had bothered to put her robe back on. Instead,
    Jessica suddenly knelt at Dianne's feet and gently pressed her face
    into my girlfriend's crotch!

       "I can make it up to you, Dianne," Jessica whispered. "I can make
    you feel real good about my relationship with my brother."

       Dianne shot me a wild look that I couldn't interpret over my
    sister's bobbing head. If she expected me to put a stop to Jessica's
    antics, she was out of luck. I'd heard the rumors about my sister's
    bisexual nature during her wild woman days, but I'd never expected
    to see a sample for myself. If Dianne didn't watch out, I was going
    to help Jessica pull her out of her clothes.

       As it turned out, Jessica didn't need my help. Dianne began to
    squirm rather helplessly as Jessica rubbed her lips at just the
    right spot on the front of Dianne's jeans. Trust another woman to
    locate a girl's clitoris through two layers of clothing. I relaxed
    and stroked my cock, keeping it nice and hard for whatever might
    develop.

       Dianne suddenly reached down and pulled off her jeans and
    impatiently ripped her pants down so that Jessica could get at her
    naked pussy.

       "Have you ever seen a live lesbian sex show, Mark?" Jessica asked
    me.

       "I can't say that I have."

       "Well, consider it part of your liberal arts education!" With
    those words, she finished stripping Dianne down to bare skin. When
    the two of them cuddled side by side, I could see that my previous
    speculation had been entirely right. Jessica's boobs were just the
    same size as Dianne's. I probably hadn't allowed myself to notice
    before today only because Jessica was, after all; my own sister.

       The girls kissed and hugged, their tender hands caressing each
    other's curves in a truly loving manner. Dianne had never been quite
    that sensitive toward me. Had she been rougher than necessary
    because she thought that's what I wanted? I was fascinated by this
    glimpse into the other side of my girlfriend. Her mouth seemed to
    tremble in genuine pleasure when Jessica showed her how to curl up
    on the carpet in a side-by-side lesbian sixty-nine.

       Even though I'd fucked my sister hard and fervently, my cock
    hadn't been able to stay down for very long. By this time, I was
    achingly desperate for mouth or pussy or anything! The sight and
    sound of the two sexy girls sucking each other was more than a man
    could bear.

       Knowing my sister's old reputation, I guessed that she was better
    prepared to be the middle of an all-meat sandwich than Dianne was.
    That's why I approached her from behind to give her tight little
    pussy another fucking while she continued to slurp and suck on my
    sexy girlfriend.

       Dianne moved her mouth to Jessica's clit as I stuffed my prick
    into my sister's cunthole. Small ripples moved visibly in her pale
    flesh as she lost the rhythm of her darting, probing tongue.
    Distracted by the taste of twat in her mouth and dick in her cunt,
    Sis quickly kicked over into yet another orgasm.

       Dianne, however, wasn't far behind her, judging by the
    desperation of the muffled sounds of pleasure she was whimpering
    into Jessica's cunt. Poor Dianne. She didn't know how to cum and
    lick pussy at the same time, so her tongue strokes were getting
    pretty sloppy. But it didn't really matter, because both girls had a
    real talent for cumming. Jessica would cum, then Dianne, and then
    Jessica, and then Dianne again. It was a minor miracle that they
    hadn't triggered me off too soon in Jessica's cunt, but I somehow
    managed to save something for Dianne.

       After each girl had experienced an orgasm or twelve in that
    position, I switched around so that my dick was deep inside of
    Dianne instead of Jessica. The view was a little different, but the
    cries and whimpers of ecstasy were much the same. Dianne didn't
    usually milk a man's dick with her pussy muscles the way Jessica
    did, but she was doing it unconsciously this time simply because of
    the way all her orgasmic spasms affected her twat. It was ripple and
    squeeze all the way.

       An hour later, my mind was a washed-out blank that understood
    nothing except the perfect golden glow of a well-fucked cock. Two
    girls lay naked on either side of me, one of them my girlfriend and
    the other my own sister. I decided that I had to be the luckiest man
    in the entire universe.

       Just when I was sinking into a sex-drenched dream, the knob on
    the front door started turning again. It was Samantha. She hadn't
    bothered to ring or to knock. She had simply marched right in.

       "I knew it!" she said. "I knew you were fucking that big-titted
    slut. I saw her prance in here an hour ago, and she never came out!"

       Samantha's words stopped cold like they'd been chopped off with a
    knife. Her mouth was still moving, but nothing was coming out.
    Jessica looked up and then started crawling wearily but happily
    across the floor. Dianne's cunt juice on her lips. "Want to play,
    honey?" she grinned devilishly. "There's always room for one more!"

                               The End.

--

Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....
