
			I just recently moved to a new city, started a new job, and met so
many new people that I felt very insecure and lonely.  About a two months ago
I met John and Debbie through a mutual friend.  John is very nice looking, at
about six foot two inches with blue eyes and dark brown hair.  I was attracted
to him right away, but his wife Debbie sort of intimidated me.  Debbie is a
goregous blonde, the type that guys pant and drool over.  She's really tall,
about five foot ten, with long blonde hair that reaches her waist.  She has
a beautiful figure (36-24-35) and is in really good shape.  And she has a nice
tan that makes her green eyes stand out.  We went to dinner, our mutual friend
that I was seeing was a nice guy, but we weren't anything more than friends.
We talked about moving into the area, and how hard is was to find new friends
and make new contacts.  Just after we were seated for dinner, Debbie and I
excused ourselves and went to the "powder room", the wine we'd been drinking
in the lounge had run its course and we wanted to get rid of it.  When I came
out of the stall, Debbie was combing her hair in front of the mirror and I
checked my make-up.  I saw her eyeing me in the mirror, giving me an up and
down look, and felt pretty good that she thought I was a potential rival (not
that I'd try to take a married guy from his wife).  I'm not bad looking. I'm
five foot four with light brown hair, brown eyes (that guys say are very sexy
"bedroom" eyes), and I'm proud of my figure (34c-22-34), although sometimes
I wish my breasts were larger.  The dress I was wearing was a light slinky
affair that showed off my figure and was green and black (my favorite colors)
and it came down to just above my knees.  Debbie wore a pure black dress that
accented her cleavage and her hips, and her long legs with a slit on one side
that stopped almost indecently high on her thigh.  Debbie said "I'm jealous.
John keeps looking at you and undressing you with his eyes."  I looked at her,
not sure what to say, but I did giggle a bit.  I'd noticed John eyeing me a
lot, but I figured that he was just enjoying my legs.  I told her that John
was probably just fantasizing about having us both (most men seem to have a
fantasy about two women).  Debbie stopped combing her hair and looked at me
with an impish look in her eye.  "Have you ever done that?" she asked.  I
blushed, thinking of one time I had, and told her yes.  It was several years
ago with my boyfriend and my best girlfriend.  Debbie wanted the details, but
I sort of stammered, saying that it was a long story.  She said I'd have to
tell her about it some other time, but she'd also had that fantasy, and wanted
to know how it felt.  When she said that I could feel myself start to get wet
thinking about her and John in bed and her fantasizing about another woman
with them.  Debbie started to adjust her clothes a bit, and then asked me to
check her bra strap, that she thought it was coming loose.  I stood behind
her and unzipped the back of her dress.  My hands shook slightly, as I reached
to re-hook one of the three hooks that had come loose.  I felt her stiffen as
my fingers touched her bare skin, and felt little electric shocks race through
me, making my pussy feel even wetter.  I hooked her bra, and Debbie suddenly
leaned back.  I thought she was fainting and caught her with my hands on her
sides, just below her large breasts.  She breathed heavily and turned around,
a needing look in her eyes.  She reached out and squeezed my left breast in
her hand, and both of us moaned slightly.  My pussy was really wet and I was
a bit scared that she'd want to do me right in the restroom.  "God, you're
so beautiful." she whispered.  My knees were weak and I finally told her that
we needed to get back, half afraid that she'd ignore me, half afraid she
wouldn't.  She took a deep breath, and said "You're right."  We straightened
ourselves up and headed for the door.  Debbie stopped and said "If we can get
rid of David, would you like to come over to our place tonight?"  I stopped,
stunned at her boldness, and heard myself answer "Yes, and maybe your fantasy
will come true."  Did I really say that?  What had come over me?  Maybe it
was the wine; or was it?  Debbie gave me a quick kiss on the cheek, and
we rejoined the guys at the table.
		Before I go on, let me explain that while I'd been to bed with my boy-
friend and my best girlfriend, I'd never made love to another woman.  My best
friend and I shared my boyfriend, not each other.  I wondered afterwards about
it, because everytime our bodies had touched or brushed each other, I felt so
incredibly sexy.  I've seen porno movies and girls doing girls, and it doesn't
turn me off, but it does excite men with the "nastiness" of it.  But then, I
was raised by very religious parents too, and at 25, I'd finally gotten over
feeling guilty about enjoying sex.  I'd also found that I enjoyed teasing my
boyfriend by dressing and exposing my tits or pussy, like a tank top pulled
down so my tits were exposed.  But I'd never been with another woman and I
wondered about Debbie's bold squeeze of my breast.  Sitting at the table,
every time I saw her cleaveage I could feel my pussy throb.
	Anyway, we left the restaurant, and Debbie asked David if it was alright
if I went with them, as Debbie wanted to show me her art work (Debbie was an
artist for a big company, but she loved to paint at home too). David said he
didn't mind, and I thanked him for introducing me to Debbie and John, and
John said that he and Debbie would take me home.  David left and I got into
the car with John and Debbie, sitting in the middle at Debbie's insistance.
While we drove through the darkness to their house, Debbie's dress had slid
up on her legs, and her left thigh was very exposed by the slit of her dress.
John was looking left as he turned and Debbie took my right hand and placed
it on her thigh. I could feel her warm skin through her pantyhose and I felt
a sort of electric shock.  I looked at her, and she was watching my face too.
John was distracted, talking about how well Debbie painted and trying to
merge onto the freeway at the same time.  The wine had loosened my inhibitions
and I slid my hand under Debbie's dress and touched her pussy.  I felt her
hips rise against my hand, and I found that she was so wet she'd almost soaked
her pantyhose!  I looked at John just in time. He looked at me and asked me
if I liked hot tubs. "Sure." I said.  He didn't see my hand under Debbie's
dress in the darkness and he paid more attention to his driving.  I removed
my hand, and looked at Debbie.  Her eyes were wide and she was breathing very
deeply.  Her slick moistness was on my fingers and I told her I'd love to look
at her paintings before we hit the hot tubs.  While she answered I raised my
fingers to my mouth and licked her honey from my fingers.  Her eyes were
riveted on my lips and I smiled.  John of course wasn't watching so he didn't
know what we were doing.
		They had a lovely two story house in a new area just outside of town.
John said he'd pour some more wine and went to the kitchen and Debbie led me
by the hand upstairs to her "studio".  Once there, with John making noises
downstairs, Debbie pulled me to her and kissed me passionately on the mouth.
Her tounge slid past my parted lips and found mine.  Her body seemed to burn
against me, her hands cupped my behind, fondling them eagerly.  I could feel
my panties were sopping wet and my tounge followed hers into her mouth.  We
kept this up until we heard John coming up the stairs.  John passed out some
rather large glasses of white wine and we sipped and looked at Debbie's art.
She was really a good artist.  Some of her works were landscapes but most
were of people.  One amusing one was of two toddlers at the beach, sans any
swimsuits, and playing with a large beach ball.  John opened a closet door
and pulled out what he called his "favorite painting".  Debbie blushed a bit
and said that John was biased.  John turned the painting around and I looked
at a self portrait of Debbie, standing and nude, her long blonde hair pulled
up by her hands behind her head.  It was a stunning piece of work.  I looked
at her large breasts and nipples and her very blonde pussy.  Her legs were
gorgeous and trim too.  My pussy felt wetter than ever.  I looked at Debbie
and said that she was so beautiful. She blushed and told John to show her
the other one.  This was a full length nude of John, with a tremendous
erection.  I whistled and told John that he made a very good model.  "Debbie
had to keep me hard while she painted that.  And it took her three days!"
We all laughed and Debbie blushed slightly.  Why was she embarrassed?  I felt
like she should be proud of her beautiful bod.  We talked about painting and
of course sex for a while, then John suggested that we take a dip in the hot
tub.  I was ready, the wine already relaxing me and making me feel a bit wild.
Debbie explained that she and John never wore suits in the hot tub, but that
I was welcome to wear one of hers (if it would fit that is).  We let John go
into the tub first while I said I'd like to try on one of Debbie's suits.
John went downstairs and undressed by the tub while we went into the master
bedroom.  Debbie opened a drawer and told me to look through her suits and
see if anything would fit.  She stepped over by the bed and stripped out of
her clothes quickly.  I followed her example and quickly removed my clothes.
Now we were both naked and close to each other, and I felt myself tremble
as she came closer.  Her hands cupped my breasts and kneaded them, sending a
wave of pleasure over me.  I reached up to hers and felt their warmth and
their fullness.  Debbie begged me to suck her nipples and I leaned forward,
thinking how exciting this was.  I licked her large and dark nipples, and
sucked them the way I like it.  I pinched them between my lips, and tugged
gently.  Debbie moaned softly the whole time, her hips swaying and she was
breathing deeply. I guess I really got into it, and she had to pry me off
her breasts to kiss me.  She kissed me hard and passionately, and I seemed
to melt against her.  Her hands explored me and found my pussy.  When her
fingers touched the lips of my pussy, I shuddered with pleasure.  Debbie just
seemed to know what I wanted.  She pushed a finger inside me and I started
to come, moaning softly into her mouth.  Debbie laid me down on the bed and
began to wantonly lick and suck my pussy, holding my legs open wide.  She
knelt on the floor and tounged me so hard that I couldn't help myself.  I
was coming so hard that I bucked and thrashed on the bed, shaking all over.
Wave after wave hit me and I was sure that the bed would be soaked.  Her
tounge moved up and down between my legs and her hands touched me everwhere.
Debbie stopped and knelt on the bed next to me, and still I continued to come
for about two minutes afterwards, every time she touched me or caressed me.
I was breathing hard, and Debbie as sitting there watching me, her hand on
her pussy.  I could see her fingers glisten and I pulled her hand to my mouth
and licked her fragrant juices off of them.  Debbie moved and sat over me,
lowering her blonde haired cunt down to my mouth.  The fragrance of her sex
excited me, as did the warmth and texture of her soft pussy.  I parted the
lips with my tounge and tasted her.  Debbie rocked her hips back and forth on
my tounge and I could feel her cream spreading against my chin.  I pulled her
down to me and sucked her clit into my mouth, flicking the little knob fast
and hard.  Debbie moaned loudly and came with a rush, her body shuddering and
rocking hard against my mouth.  I felt myself beginning to come too, and when
Debbie's cunt squeezed hard I felt her juice flowing over my face, I did come.
She fell onto her side next to me, still shaking and coming and I licked her
come from my lips.  "God" I thought, "She so hot, and she made me come so much
more than any guy ever had."   I couldn't resist and I lifted her leg and
started sucking her again.  Debbie moaned and cried as she came again, her
hands pushing my head against her, grinding my face into her cunt.  She was
really wet and almost gushing in my face.  After that, she pulled me to her
and kissed me, tasting her own juices as I tasted mine on her lips and tounge.
		Debbie rolled over and hit an intercom button next to the bed.  John's
voice sounded and Debbie asked him to come upstairs saying she had something
she wanted to show him.  I was apprehensive but Debbie rolled back and then
laid me back, laying on top of me and sucking like a wanton slut on my clit.
Her soaked pussy lowered to my lips and I was powerless to refuse.  I lapped
her up eagerly as I felt my orgasm build.  I don't know how long we laid like
that, but just as I started to come, Debbie pulled my legs back under her
arms, spreading me wide and shoving her tounge deep into my hole.  I could
feel my juice on her face as she rubbed her tounge and mouth over my swollen
pussy, giving me one orgasm after another.  Somewhere I slid three fingers
into her pussy and was ramming her with them.  I heard Debbie say "Don't just
stand there, join us!"  She rolled off and I saw John standing there with
an erection and his bathrobe on the floor.  He was stroking his seven inch
cock hard as he walked over to us.  My fingers were still inside of Debbie
and she was burning with lust.  Debbie grabbed John's cock and sucked him
into her mouth.  I pumped my fingers in and out of Debbie's pussy while she
sucked John, using the fingers of my other hand to frig her clit.  John slid
two fingers inside me and began to stroke the inside of my burning pussy, his
fingers stretching my insides deliciously.  Debbie started to come again and
I grabbed her hips and pulled her cunt down to my mouth, sucking and licking
her sweet juices from her.  Debbie moaned loud around John's cock, and her
hips shook and quivered against my face.
	John pulled his fingers from my cunt and let Debbie lick them off as she
laid on the bed.  "Suck her wet come" He told Debbie and she was greedily
sucking his fingers.  Debbie seemed to change, her attitude was so wanton and
sluttish that she'd do anything.  "Lick her asshole" John told her and she
fairly dove between my legs.  I'd never had anyone lick my asshole before and
Debbie was not only licking, she was trying to fuck it with her tounge.  The
sensation of her hands pulling my cheeks wide and her tounge made me incred-
ibly hot.  John stood there and watched, his cock wet from Debbie's mouth.
Debbie had me almost ready to come from her hand playing on my clit while
she fucked my ass with her tounge when John told her to stop.  Debbie looked
back at me with a look of lust on her face and slid off of me.  John stepped
up and rubbed his hot cock against my tits and neck, while Debbie fingered
herself right next to me. "Would you like him to come?" Debbie asked.  I was
suprised by my voice saying "yes. I want him come all over me!"  I was so hot
and burning with the need to come that I wanted it all, anything right now.
"Would you like to suck my come from Debbie's pussy?" John asked. Again I said
yes, desiring the release, wanting to come myself.
	Debbie said "I think she's ready now." and chuckled, still fingering her
pussy. John agreed and stepped back.  Left alone, I was confused as to what
they were doing.  John came back with a photo album and showed it to me. The
pictures were of Debbie and John engaged in different sexual poses and acts.
One that send ripples of estacy through me was of Debbie on her knees in the
living room, masturbating with a huge dildo and John's sperm on her face.
Several shots showed different people and Debbie explained that they traded
pictures with other couples and enjoyed it so much.  Debbie turned a page to
her "favorite" picture.  It was a shot of a guy spurting on a girl's breast
while another girl was licking it off her nipple.  I felt my pussy twitch
and leak cream when I saw that.  "That's my fantasy" She said.  "I want to
lick John's come from your tits after he comes."  I could feel my nipples
strain to stand up even more.
	I looked at John's cock and then at Debbie.  "Yes." I said. "Suck me. I
want you to suck my tits."  Debbie leaned over and sucked hard, pulling my
nipples into her mouth.  John put the book aside and placed his cock in front
of my lips.  I sucked. No, I gulped at his cock, wanting it to fuck my mouth
and shoot come all over my tits for Debbie.   Debbie's fingers slid easily
inside me and I closed my eyes, just floating on the sensations.  I let John
pump into my mouth, feeling his warm, rubbery head sliding around in my mouth.
Debbie started using her thumb on my clit, making it hard for me to lay still
and concentrate on John.  Just as I was on the verge of coming, Debbie stopped
her thumb and fingers.  I moaned in frustration.  Then I felt John's cock
start to swell and stiffen.  John moaned and I pulled back, letting him aim
his cock. "Open your mouth slut!" Debbie commanded and I did, just in time to
feel his sperm gush against my tounge and face.  John spurted again, drenching
my face with his hot sperm.  I felt him spurt again against my chest and my
right breast, the warm come running down to my nipple.  John leaned forward
and held his cock to my lips, stroking another spurt of come into my mouth.
Debbie was sucking my right nipple and licking his come from my tits and chest,
her fingers plunging deep into my dripping pussy. I could feel John's sperm
dripping onto my tits from my chin and Debbie started working my clit, my own
orgasm rising.  I heard clicking as I came, my hips rising and trying to get
Debbie to bury her fingers inside me.  Debbie licked my face, licking up big
gobs of his come, then kissed me, running her wet tounge all over my face.
I was still coming and I was moaning loudly as Debbie rammed her fingers in
my cunt.  When she stopped, I fell back and drifted on a warm cloud for a
while.
		Debbie roused me from my haze excitedly, and showed me what they were
doing. John had taken some polaroids of us as I was coming.  I looked but I
couldn't believe that was really me.  Pictures of me, in color, laying on my
elbows while Debbie sucked my tits, and my face drenched and dripping with
come. My tounge was out in one picture, John's sperm dripping off the sides.
Several shots of Debbie and I kissing, her tounge under my upper lip and
sperm running down Debbie's tounge.  "Isn't that so sexy and nasty?" She said.
It certainly was!  "I want a picture of me licking you after John's cum all
over your cunt!" Debbie said.  I was stunned.  I wasn't really happy about
them taking pictures of me like this.  John knelt at the foot of the bed and
started to lick my pussy, which was very sensitive. I started to move back
when Debbie grabbed my shoulders and kissed me, squeezing my tits and rubbing
the rest of John's come on them.  Between the two of them, and myself, I was
struggling to think.  Finally, another orgasm rose and I fell back into a
lust filled night.
		Now I live with Debbie and John.  We take pictures of each other all
the time.  My favorite is one I took of us using the mirrored tiles along
the living room wall. Debbie is on her back, sucking my cunt with a dildo in
both her cunt and ass, and John is coming on my bush and Debbie's chin.  I
even snapped it with a stream of John's sperm in the air.  It is really sexy
and very nasty.  Debbie has her favorite too. It's a shot of me looking up
from between her legs as John was cumming in my asshole and you can see
Debbie's cream on my face and chin. My eyes are closed and my mouth open...
I was cumming too!  John's favorite is the one of Debbie took, showing me
on the couch sucking John off.  You can see Debbie taking the picture in the
mirrored tiles in the background (and this makes it sexy for me), and of
course she's naked.  John had just cum in my mouth and his sperm was leaking
down my chin (for the camera...normally I love to swallow it).  It seems like
every weekend we find different ways of taking sexy pictures.  Some we share
with other couples but most we keep for ourselves.

		It was last Friday when Lisa drove me home from the office. My car had
broken down and she was kind enough to offer me a ride.  We pulled up just
as Debbie and John did, and we ended up going inside and having some wine.
Lisa is what men call a "cutie". She's five foot two, about 103 pounds and
she has a firm, tight body.  Her breasts are perky, standing up without a
bra, and her ass is tight and curvey.  Lisa has those elegant hazel eyes
that are expressive.  Her hair is light light brown, almost blonde, but not
quite.  The most impressive thing about this 19 year old is her tan. It's
very dark, and her tan lines show she likes very skimpy suits.  Anyway, we
talked for a bit and Debbie showed off her paintings (although not the nudes
she'd done of the three of us now).  We were talking about art, with Lisa
saying how many works were destroyed as "lewd" by overzealous churches. Quite
by accident, Lisa knocked over some books and papers, spilling them onto the
floor.  My heart stopped when I realized that one of them was the photo album
with our "dirty" pictures in them.  Lisa picked up the album and saw the
pictures of John and Debbie, as the pages she saw were early in the book. She
looked and the smiled at Debbie and John. "Oooh! Kinda kinky aren't you?" Lisa
said, showing me the pictures of my "friends".  John and Debbie both blushed,
for themselves as well as for me when Lisa started to turn the pages.
		"Um...L-Lisa." I stammered. "This is kinda private don't you think?"
Lisa gave me a long look, then started to agree. She caught the book before
it closed and re-opened it, seeing pictures of Debbie and me on the floor
in a frenzied 69, using dildos on each other.  The last shot of the page was
of us kissing after John had come in our mouths.  I blushed hot and red, and
so did Debbie.  Lisa looked at us and said "Wheeew! You guys do get kinky
around here don't you?"  Debbie looked at her and asked her if she'd ever
had her picture taken in the nude. When Lisa said no, Debbie asked her very
straight out if she'd like to do it, that John was a good photographer.  Lisa
thought for a second then said "Sure. I like kinky stuff." and proceeded to
take her clothes off.  John left to get his camera and Lisa stripped quickly
out of her slacks, blouse, bra and panties. Debbie had her keep her knee high
stockings on.  Debbie posed her against a blank wall in the living room and
John snapped a few shots.  Most of these were standard "girlie" poses and Lisa
seemed to be enjoying herself.  I felt my pussy getting wet and I looked at
Debbie, seeing her hips moving slightly told me she was too.  "Aren't you
going to join me?" Lisa asked Debbie and me.  That was all we needed and we
stripped quickly and joined her.  John continued to take pictures, using a
35mm camera and a polaroid.  Lisa was in the middle and we were posing for
the camera when she slid both hands down Debbie's ass and mine.  She slipped
her fingers in us as John snapped, catching our suprised faces.  Lisa laughed
and let Debbie and I pull her pussy lips apart for another photo.  John soon
had the camera clicking away as Lisa sucked my nipples and Debbie tounged her
slit.
		Lisa showed us a side of her that we didn't know then.  She told me to
lay on the floor and Debbie to sit on my face.  Then she told us what sluts
we were, sucking each other and letting John take our pictures.  She told
John to strip and fuck Debbie's mouth, and Lisa proceeded to take pictrues.
She made us change around several times to suit her and make better pictures,
all the while telling us what little sluts we were and how nasty this all
would look on film.  This excited the three of us even more and I came at
least nine or ten times.  When Lisa finished the roll of film, we were all
sweaty and wet from come.  Lisa stood there looking fresh as a daisy, but her
hard nipples and distended labia showed us how hot she was.  John reloaded
the film while Lisa told us to eat each other.  Lisa laid down and told Debbie
to take the camera from John.  Lisa spread her legs wide in front of me, her
pussy wet and glistening. "C'mon slut, suck my cunt while he fucks your ass!"
she screamed at me.  She pulled me to her pussy and I sucked, wanting to make
her as horny and lusty as the rest of us.  I felt John slide up my cunt and
work around for a bit.  Then he slid his cock slowly up my asshole, making me
moan into Lisa's cunt.  "Suck me bitch!" She hissed at me. "Suck me and make
me cum on your face."  I sucked her clit and fingered her hole, making her
hotter and hotter.  The hotter she got, the more her voice dripped with lust.
"Take good pictures of her sucking my pussy while she gets butt-fucked." She
told Debbie.  I looked at Debbie taking pictures, her favorite dildo inside
her pussy.  John's cock was just about perfect for anal sex, and it filled me
without hurting (at least not too much).  He was gentle and easy with his
strokes, letting me feel the fullness and pleasure of it.  Lisa was moaning
and rocking her hips, but her words still came out nasty. "Yes, suck me, make
me cum on your face while you get your asshole fucked." She looked at Debbie,
and said "I'm going to fuck her face and make her wet with my cum. You'd better
get some good closeups of that slut!"  John played the game too, but he directed
his words to Lisa. "Look how hot of a slut Lisa is! Spread your cunt wide open
for her tounge Lisa!  Let HER lick your twat until you cum!"  Lisa moaned and
commanded John to fuck me hard.  "Fuck that slut's asshole hard!  I want to
feel you slamming her face into my cunt!"  I worked three fingers inside of
Lisa and sucked her as hard as I could.  Debbie walked around taking pictures
and John kept slamming my ass hard.  I could feel him getting ready to come
but I wanted Lisa to come first, so I worked even harder on her dripping cunt.
Debbie said something to John I couldn't hear, but he seemed to swell inside
my ass, making me think he was about to come.  Lisa's hands were pushing my
face into her cunt and she rocked her hips up and down, rotating them in a
very wanton way against my face.  Debbie knelt next to us, taking close up
pictures of my face between Lisa's legs.  Suddenly John pulled out of my
ass completely, the sudden emptiness triggering my own climax.  I almost sob-
bed in Lisa's pussy as I came, shoving my fingers deep into her.  John came
around and stood over Lisa who was about to come too.  I heard Debbie clicking
the camera in rapid time and looked up to see John spurting his thick hot
cum onto Lisa's face.  Lisa had her mouth open and was trying to lick it all
up.  John spurted his come on her nice firm tits too and Debbie got some
great closeups of both Lisa's face and tits.  I sucked Lisa's clit hard and
flicked my tounge over it, feeling her contract around my fingers as she came.
"Ohhhh I'm cummminng!  Make me Cummm!" she cried.  We did make her come
several times, each time Debbie took pictures.
		Lisa fell quiet, floating on her cloud.  John had cleaned his cock up,
and now we lifted Lisa onto the coffee table.  We spread her wide open and
John began to fuck her sopping cunt.  I took pictures this time, while Debbie
held Lisa's legs and told her to suck pussy.  I took pleasure in telling Lisa
what a slut she looked like after that.  "You're such a slut Lisa. You're lay-
ing there covered with cum, sucking a girls cunt while your get fucked!" Lisa
moaned and rocked her hips against John.  "Oh my!" I said. "Just think what
you're pictures would look like on the company bulletin board!  Everyone could
see Lisa, the cum-covered slut, sucking cunts and cocks!"  Lisa screamed into
Debbie's cunt, thrashing her head about and bucking against John wildly. When
Debbie moved off of her, Lisa was crying and pleading for us to make her come
again and again. "Fuck me! Make me cum! I want to cum! Cum! CumCumCum!!" Lisa
went rigid and shuddered as John plunged into her.  Debbie bent down and she
licked Lisa's clit until she cried loudly and passed out.
		We roused Lisa and she looked at us sort of bewildered for a moment.
"What happened?" she said.  Debbie explained that she'd passed out from her
orgasm.  Lisa moved to sit up, and found her thighs were soaked, as was the
top of the coffee table. "Jeezus!" She said, looking at John. "You must've
cum like a horse!"  Then she realized that John was still hard and hadn't
yet come, in her pussy or otherwise. "Is that all me?" She asked us.  Debbie
told her it was, and weakly Lisa got to her feet.  We helped her to the
bedroom where we loved her gently until we were sure she was alright.  John
was fucking me from behind and Debbie was caressing Lisa, when Lisa sent
Debbie downstairs for the camera.  When she came back Lisa waited until John
was ready to come.  Just as he started to come, she moved down and pulled
his spurting cock from my pussy and sucked him into her mouth.  Give the girl
credit.  Not a drop leaked from her mouth as John shot a huge load.  Debbie
took pictures and watched as Lisa slipped John back into my dripping cunt.
She rolled me over on my side, and indicated for me to open my mouth.  Lisa
leaned over and let John's come dribble into my mouth, letting Debbie catch
it on film.  Debbie couldn't stand it and gave John the camera and joined
us. The result is one very hot series of pictures.  The one I like best shows
the three of us with our tounges touching and a big drop of John's cum about
to fall back down my tounge.
		Needless to say Lisa joined our weekend photo sessions after that. We
have many pictures of us three girls eating and sucking each other and a lot
of shots of each of us getting John off in our mouths or on our tits.  We
swap some of these with other couples who send letters saying how they'd like
to find "models" like Lisa and me.  We've just started a new photo game that
I enjoy since I like being ordered by Debbie and Lisa.  I play the maid to
Debbie's hostess and John and Lisa pretend to be guests.  I get to suck them
both and Debbie. I have a picture of me sitting nude on the coffee table
and masturbating furiously with a big dildo while Debbie, Lisa, and John are
sitting fully clothed and talking like nothing odd is happening.  I can cum
just looking at that picture!  After I did come, Debbie made me kneel on
the couch in front of Lisa and let her finger and lick my slit.  The idea
of being the only naked person in a room is visually exciting and being told
to let people finger and suck you makes me cream.
		We enjoy our little games and play, and we know that someday I'll find
a guy I want to be with, and so will Lisa.  Or maybe Lisa and I could get a
place together and share a boyfriend!  What do you think?

=== Janice ===



