5TH SWING
By Sue

     Hi there! I told John I'd like to try telling you all about one of 
our adventures. John is going to write the story while I try my hand at 
telling the story from my point of view. Sometimes a woman's point of 
view is different from a man's...(John is laughing and Sue can't figure 
out why. Sue *is* a blonde... <G>). "John, stop laughing!"
     Anyway, I just thought that you guys -- and hopefully, you women 
out there -- would enjoy hearing "my side" of fun. After all I was 
there, too. John said that if I was real good at telling a story that I 
could get the readers really turned on. I get WET just thinking about 
all of you getting wet or hard -- whichever the case may be. <G> I am 
going to masturbate while I tell this story. Just think of me sitting on 
a large futon, naked and with my legs spread to show John my pussy. John 
loves to watch me please myself. He gets so turned on when I talk dirty 
while I touch my hot pussy. I haven't even started the story yet and I 
am already close to orgasm! I wish that you ALL could be here to watch 
me right now.

     This story begins on a Friday night. John and I had made 10:30 PM 
reservations for a dinner cruise on the lake. Before the cruise, we had 
to drop some business briefs off at our attorney's home. Mr. Hanson 
lives about an hour north of us and we thought that we should leave our 
place by 7:30. We figured an hour each way and an hour to spare for some 
conversation at Mr. Hanson's and parking downtown before the cruise.
     I had set up a babysitter for our son for the evening. We normally 
used one of three high school girls. Tonight, Alexia was the first one 
available. Alex, as she likes to be called, told us that it was her 18th 
birthday, but she didn't have a boyfriend right now and all of her 
girlfriends were either busy or away on summer vacation. I told her 
that since she was going to be sitting in a house babysitting on her 
18th birthday, John and I would pay her double her normal sitting fee. 
She seemed really pleased at that. I told her I would need to pick 
her up by 7:00 p.m. and we would take her home when we returned from 
the cruise at about 1 or 1:30 AM.
     John and I were going all out for tonight. We hadn't been out on 
this formal cruise in a long time and were both really looking forward 
to it. The cruise included a fantastic dinner, all drinks and dancing 
to a very good band. We always met some really nice and fun people 
on the cruise. We were hoping that since we were into swinging now, 
we would meet a "fantasy" couple and get together with them after 
the cruise. 
     John wore his black tuxedo. He always looks like such a hunk in it. 
Men in tuxedos always look so sexy. John and I had gone shopping the 
weekend before and he'd helped me pick out a very sexy skintight dress 
at Victoria's Secret. I just love their clothes. I always pick up some 
skimpy underwear and other sexy little things when I go there. 
     I wish you guys could see me in this dress. Even at 38, I keep my 
body in great shape. Not too many women my age can comfortably wear a 
dress that hugs the body like this one does. It is real short, too. My 
long, slender legs in dark stockings with a garter belt and high heels 
really made me look good, if I do say so myself. The dress is very low 
cut in the front. My braless tits swell from the top. There isn't a back 
to speak of, either. My ass looks like I was poured into the dress, John 
likes that! I wore a red pair of crotchless panties, I told John that 
MAYBE I would flash some guy or maybe even another woman if I got the 
chance. 
     I was getting hot thinking of all the men that would be looking at 
me. I knew they would be thinking about fucking me; that really 
turned me on. When I was ready, I modeled for John, who got a hard-on as 
I danced for him. I told him that I had to get the sitter right away, but he 
wanted to FUCK NOW! I really would have liked feeling his big cock in 
me -- I like quickies -- but knew we couldn't be late for the cruise. 
     I dodged John and went out the door to the garage. I almost made it 
to the car when a car pulled into the driveway. It was a neighbor who 
lived about a quarter-mile down the road. When he got out of the car he was 
staring at my body with his mouth hanging open. He had never seen me 
dressed like this and I felt a little embarrassed. No one we knew was 
supposed to see me dressed like this! 
     I smiled at Bob and asked what I could do for him. I think that was the wrong question. He smiled and told me he'd better 
not tell me the truth about what I could do for him.
     He complemented me on my dress, saying that he wished his wife 
was a "looker" like me. I thanked Bob, but told him that I was in a real 
hurry and had to get going. He stood there, trying to remember why he 
had stopped by, and raped me with his eyes. 
     I know I was blushing when I got in the car and my dress rode up. I 
knew that Bob had gotten a GOOD view of my naked pussy and began to 
enjoy teasing him. 
     He started talking about looking for his dog, which had run off. I 
closed the car door, rolled the window down and turned toward Bob 
again. There he was, standing right next to the car with a BIG hard-on. He 
was standing straight up so I couldn't see his face but I knew what he 
was looking at. My tits were thrusting against the tight dress material. 
My nipples were hard and quite visible. I put my head out of the window. 
He jumped back just in time; I'd almost stuck my face right in his crotch. 
I told him I hadn't seen his dog and really had to go. He said 
thanks anyway and drove off. I bet he went somewhere and jacked off 
before he went home. 
     I got to Alex's place about 7:15. She was waiting on the front 
porch already and ran out to the car when she saw me pull up. When she 
saw the way I was dressed, she whistled and told me I looked really 
great. The compliment from an 18-year-old girl made me feel proud 
of my body and attitude. She asked how John liked me in this and I told 
her that he had tried to attack me before I left to pick her up. I 
even told her about the neighbor. We both laughed for quite a while 
about that. 
     Alex was a sweet little girl. She and I talked like close 
girlfriends on the trip to our house. She started talking about her 
boyfriends and sex. I guess the dress had given her some ideas. She told 
me she was still a virgin, shocking me. I didn't think that any 
girl 18-years-old was still a virgin! Alex said that she had always 
promised her mother, a widow for six years, that she would not have sex 
until she was at least 18. She wanted her daughter "to be a bit more 
mature before she made an adult decision about something as complicated 
as sex." Alex had agreed and made a promise, saying she could not 
break a promise to her wonderful mother. She said that she and her 46-
year-old mother were best of friends and talked about everything 
comfortably. 
     Alex added that it had cost her MANY a boyfriend. She said 
boys were ALWAYS horny and always wanted sex. She had given one boy a 
hand job once and all that did was make him want to get into her pants 
even more! I couldn't help but giggle, thinking of this young little 
thing jacking off a young stud. I think I felt a little moisture around 
my cunt at the thought, too. I told her there was plenty of time for 
sex and she should never feel pressured to do anything she 
didn't want to do. I added that when she met the right guy, she would 
know. She said her mother had talked to her about going on the pill 
if she thought she might have sex and she had been on it for 
about four months now, just in case.
     When we got back to the house, John was standing out front looking 
at his watch. It was getting late and I knew we had to get going. I told 
Alex that our son was watching TV and should be put to bed at 9:00 p.m. 
I told her to make herself at home and John and I drove off.
     We weren't making very good time because of weekend traffic heading 
north. The Interstate going south was nearly empty, but traffic in the 
northbound lanes was only moving about 50-55.
     We pulled into the lawyer's drive at about 9:00 p.m. We were 
pushing it now, but knew the drive back would be quicker and that we 
could make up some time. About fifteen minutes after getting back on the 
Interstate, cruising at 70, the engine died -- completely.No lights, no 
power at all. John was able to pull off to the side and he got out to 
take a look -- you know, when a man opens the hood and stands there 
looking at the engine as if the problem will somehow jump out at him, 
acting like he can fix anything. (John frowns!) 
     He got back in saying he couldn't figure out what was wrong, but 
that it was probably electrical. That really helped! We HAD to get going 
or we were going to miss our boat. John said that it was three or four 
miles either way to an exit where we could get help. He said we might 
just as well sit it out, since a State Patrol car was bound to be along 
soon. Our only hope was that a Patrol would come in the next 10-15 
minutes and that he had an auto mechanic riding along with him. 
     At 10:10 a wrecker pulled up. He said an unmarked car had passed, 
heading to an accident north of here, and called his station to come out 
and help the downed motorist. John and he talked about the car for a 
couple of minutes and after fiddling around with something under the 
hood for about 15 minutes the car was running again. 
     We knew that our ship had sailed, so to speak! We thanked the 
wrecker driver and paid him for a service call. He had noticed how we 
were dressed, especially me, and said that it looked like we were going 
to a fun party. 
     John and I discussed our next move and just decided to head home. 
We had lost the mood for going out after sitting along the road for so 
long and missing our cruise. The wasted $175.00 for the tickets didn't 
make the night a thrill, either! I told John that we would still pay the 
sitter for six hours and double the rate for her birthday.
     It was 11:30 by the time we pulled into our driveway. I told John 
to leave the car out; I would put it in the garage after I took Alexia 
home. The house was dark except for the light in the kitchen and one in 
the den. I could tell Alex was watching TV from the flashing lights on 
the curtains. We went in through the kitchen entrance and I took my 
shoes off; my feet were sore in these high heels. 
     I went up the back stairs to check on our son and came down the 
front stairs. I walked towards the den and from the hallway I could here 
some strange noises coming from the den. I heard moaning and the 
unmistakable sound of more than one person having SEX. I was really 
surprised, not knowing whether to continue to the den or go back to the 
kitchen and make some noise. Maybe if they heard us enter they could get 
dressed and decent before we came in and embarrassed them. I wondered 
who Alex was fucking, thinking about a young hardbody boy pumping into 
her young little body.
     I decided to return to the kitchen and tell John what was going on 
in our den and ask him what he thought we should do. I explained about 
the earlier conversation with Alex but added that I had no idea that she 
had planned on losing her cherry that night at our house. We weren't 
actually supposed to be back for a couple of hours or so.
     John thought that it would be more fun to walk in on the couple, 
adding that it would help her remember her first time better. I should 
have figured that my husband would want to make a game of this. I knew 
that he didn't want to pass up a chance at seeing a young 18-year-old 
girl getting laid for the first time, either. He wouldn't admit it, but 
I thought seeing Alex's naked body was the main priority in his idea to 
walk in on them.
     John took his shoes off and the two of us headed for the den. We 
could hear them really getting into the sex. It sounded like her 
boyfriend was talking dirty to her. We could hear her moan. Then we 
heard a moan from an obviously different person. It was a much higher 
pitched voice. I could swear that this moan was from Alex. If that were 
true, then who was the other girl? John and I looked at each other and 
smiled.
     John stuck his head around the corner to peak into the den. He 
looked in, staring for about 20 seconds, and then pulled back quickly. 
He softly whispered in my ear that our shy little babysitter was 
watching one of our private-collection movies! John said he had been 
editing one of the tapes of our parties the night before and had 
forgotten to put it in our locked chest. She must have been looking for 
something to watch and popped it into the VCR to see what was on it. 
     John told me to peak around the corner to see what was going on. I 
expected to see Alex humping some young boy. She was on the futon, her 
shorts and panties laying on the floor next to her. She was intently 
watching the TV and had her hand in her crotch, rubbing her little pussy 
furiously. On the screen, I could see John fucking my sister, Pat, doggy 
style. The shots alternated between John fucking Pat, and her handsome, 
black, boyfriend nailing me to the floor with his huge black rod sliding 
in and out of my pink and white pussy. 
     I didn't know whether to be embarrassed or turned on. What if Alex 
told anyone else about the movies of our adventures? Alex was reaming 
her pussy with two fingers of one hand while the other hand rubbed her 
clit hard and fast. Every now and then she would put the fingers that 
had just been in her pussy into her mouth and lick her own juices. She 
was completely oblivious to our presence. John had stuck his head around 
the doorway and was intently watching the show, too. He had reached into 
the front of my dress and pulled my left breast out, massaging the 
nipple to erection. I reached behind me and felt his HARD cock through 
his tuxedo pants.
     Alex is a very cute girl, though by no means a fox. I figured that 
she was about five-foot-two and 105 pounds. Her measurements were 
probably about 34B-24-32. Her breasts seemed fully developed and her 
hips would fill in more in a few years and round her out quite nicely. 
She has shoulder length brown hair that she always keeps curled. She was 
18 now, but could easily pass for a healthy 15 year old. 
     As John and I watched, Alex unbuttoned her top and spread it open. 
When her hard, perky tits were revealed to our eyes, I felt John's cock 
jump in my hand. I wished we had a front view of her masturbating. I 
wanted to see her fingers opening and sliding into her little pussy. Our 
view was more from her left as she watched the show before her. Once, 
when she saw Joe pull his cock almost all of the way out of my pussy and 
then slam it ALL back into me in one stroke, I heard Alex say softly, 
"OH MY GOD." She was really turned on watching our tape. I knew we were 
going to have to talk to her to make sure she kept quiet about this. She 
was 18, but it still would not look good in the community.
     John and I quickly glanced at each other when we noticed the first 
signs of Alex's approaching orgasm. John was actually licking his lips! 
Alex began humping into her hand and squeezing her tits really hard. She 
started to moan and sigh, trying to keep quiet, probably worried about 
waking our son upstairs. 
     As Alex's orgasm overtook her shivering body, my klutz husband 
stumbled a bit and time seemed to stand still for the next few seconds. 
Alex whipped her head around, a look of complete shock and horror on her 
face. There we were, caught red-handed, two adult voyeurs, watching our 
teenage sitter masturbate. John had his hand on my exposed breast and I 
was rubbing his rock hard cock with my hand. We were ALL quite 
embarrassed at the situation we found ourselves in. No one seemed to 
know what to say and no one wanted to be the first to speak.
     Alex was first to speak, "OH MY GOD, I'M SO SORRY! I didn't know... 
I didn't mean...I mean...like...I was just...like...OH MY GOD! I didn't 
mean to watch your personal movies, it didn't have a label and I was 
just trying to see what it was...I didn't expect...I mean...OH MY GOD!"
     It was as if Alex had forgotten that she was sitting up on the 
futon almost naked. We were still staring at her. I walked over to 
her, after replacing my tit in my dress, and assured her that it was okay. 
I told her we were shocked when we came home and found her 
masturbating but that it was perfectly normal and she should not be 
embarrassed. (YEAH RIGHT <G>) I told her WE were sorry for 
interrupting her and watching her touch herself without her permission. 
I sat on the futon next to Alex and hugged her to my chest. She was 
really embarrassed and I began covering her up to put her at ease. 
     Being close to this girl, holding her hot, young, half-naked body, 
was having an effect on me. I could feel the juices flowing in my own 
pussy. I tried to suppress the feelings, but it was hard since Alex was 
burying her face in my breasts in what I thought must be shame. The way 
she was nuzzling my tits was getting me turned on. I told her she should 
get dressed and we could talk. 
     Instead of pulling away from me to dress herself, she pulled me 
tighter, pulled my dress down, revealing both of my breasts, and took my 
right nipple in her mouth, like a baby. She was massaging my left breast 
with her hand. I looked up at John, who had a big, shit-eating grin on 
his face. He was thinking of getting laid tonight by someone other than 
his wife. 
     I took Alex's chin in my hand and looked her in the eyes. I told 
her that if she kept doing what she was doing to me, things could get 
out of hand possibly, and most probably. Her answer was to reach up and 
kiss me hard on the mouth, her tongue digging between my lips. I started 
to return her caresses and kisses, feeling her hard, sexy breasts in my 
hands. 
     When I broke the kiss I asked her if she was sure about what she 
wanted. Alex looked at John, then at me again, and asked if we would 
teach her about sex. We seemed to enjoy sex so much with the people in 
the movie. She said she had NEVER had such an intense orgasm as the 
one she just had watching John and I make love with the other people on 
the tape. She said she couldn't believe that a girl could take such 
a large penis inside her. She said that John's and the other black man's 
penis looked SO big compared to the boys in her senior class. She wanted 
to know if all MEN had a penis that big. I told her that all men were 
different and each man's cock had a special feeling. 
     I told her John and I would be very happy, and honored, to show her 
about sex. I told her John had not made love to a virgin in MANY years 
and would really enjoy fucking her virgin pussy. Alex squirmed a little 
at the suggestion and ran her hands over my nipples again. 
     I asked Alex when she thought that she should be home, I needed to 
know how much time we were going to have with this curious, sex-starved 
teenager. She said her mother wouldn't get worried as long as she was 
home before 2 or 3 AM. She said her mother knew she was babysitting 
anyway.
     John said he was going to go to our bedroom and get 
comfortable. I sat and talked with Alex for a couple more minutes. I 
complimented her on her body, telling her that her skin was soft and 
her muscle tone was tight. I looked good at 38, but was loosening a 
little. Alex said she thought I was so sexy and beautiful 
that she wished she had my body. She said one of her 
girlfriends and her had practiced kissing since she was 13. They would 
take turns "being the boy." I told her my sister and I enjoyed 
making love to each other also and there was nothing wrong with two 
women pleasing each other. She was glad to hear this. She liked boys a 
lot, she said, but was worried about being a lesbian since she had so 
much fun with her friend and felt so comfortable here in my arms. I told 
her not to worry. She wasn't a lesbian. Being bisexual just left more 
opportunities open for her. We rose and went upstairs to the bedroom.
     There was "shy" John, laying on the bed totally naked, his cock at 
full mast, sticking into the air. Alex had an amazed look on her face. 
She was seeing her first MAN cock close up in real life. Alex said John 
looked very sexy laying there on the bed. She began undressing with me. 
I left my crotchless panties, the garter belt, and stockings on. Alex 
said I looked VERY sexy, that John was such a lucky man. John said he 
agreed.
     Alex was being shy, covering her breasts with her right arm and her 
pussy with her left hand. I told her that there was NO reason to be shy 
now; John and I had already seen her at her in a VERY intimate act, and 
had seen her beautiful naked body already. I led Alex to the bed and as 
I lay to my husband's right, she laid down on his left. He took Alex 
into his arms and kissed her deeply. She asked him if she kissed OK. He 
kissed her again and ran his tongue deep into her mouth. She just 
followed suit. 
     As John rubbed his hands over her back and tight young ass, she did 
the same to him. When he moved his hand to her breasts, she moved her 
hands to his. I was feeling left out and rolled between Alex's legs. I 
pushed her legs open. She was holding her thighs tightly together at 
first, not sure what I was trying to do. She was so young and naive, 
this was going to be a lot of fun. I pushed on her thighs again and she 
let me crawl up until I was staring into her dripping snatch. 
     I was looking at a virgin cunt -- never fucked, never sucked. Her 
smell was so sweet! I could smell the musky odor of her previous orgasm 
and bent to lap the moisture formed on her labia. Alex jumped when my 
tongue ran over her hard little clit. I twirled my tongue around her 
button, watching it twitch. John reached down and spread her pussy lips 
with his fingers. Alex was humping into my face and sucking and licking 
John's nipples. She told me how wonderful it felt to have a woman lick 
her as I was doing. She said she had never dreamed that oral sex could 
be so fantastic and intense. She said she would love to do the same for 
me if I wouldn't mind. She was so anxious to do everything. 
     I watched as Alex reached out and touched John's cock for the first 
time. Her hand jumped as his cock jerked against it. She reached for it 
again, grabbing it and immediately stroking it up and down. The boys 
must have taught her how to get a guy off, at least. John told her how 
good she felt and was making him feel. She pumped his cock and reached 
for John's balls. He jumped at her first grip on his most sensitive 
parts. I told her to be VERY gentle with his balls, explaining how they 
could easily be hurt. 
     I instructed John to position himself so his cock was closer to her 
face. I wanted her to be real close to a man's big cock. When she opened 
her eyes and saw his cock throbbing in front of her face, her eyes lit 
up. As if by instinct, I saw her tongue reach out and lick the drops of 
pre-cum from the tip of John's cock. Alex said she had never tasted a 
boy's cock or his cum. Many had wanted her to suck on their cocks, since 
she wouldn't let them go all the way. She had always refused, thinking 
it was really gross. She said she changed her mind when she saw my 
sister, Pat, sucking John and swallowing his cum in the movie. 
     John leaned forward as she leaned into him, taking a cock into her 
mouth for the first time. John said her mouth felt like velvet and he 
was proud to be the first cock to enter her virgin mouth. I knew he was 
looking forward to being the first cock in her virgin pussy, also! 
     I continued sucking her cunt, sucking up her flowing 
juice. Her pussy was tight, even for my tongue! I watched her take my 
husband's long cock about three inches into her mouth. She was 
slobbering over it, her saliva running onto his balls. 
     I love watching my husband enjoy himself with another woman. We 
have a very loving and trusting relationship. We are very secure with 
ourselves; jealousy doesn't enter the picture. I know he loves me with 
all of his heart. We never cheat on each other. Total honesty and trust 
allows us to have sex with other people without jeopardizing our 
relationship.
     John began shoving more of his cock into her throat. I told her to 
open wide and let him slide into her throat. With practice, I told her, 
she could take all of a man's cock into her mouth and throat without 
gagging. I told her what to expect when John started to cum. I told her 
to swallow fast and keep sucking until he had finished cumming. I let 
Alex know how much I LOVED the taste of men's cum, explaining how each 
man tastes different. John told her to pump his cock while she sucked 
him. Her hand started to move up and down his hard-on immediately. She 
was a quick and eager student. John told her how good it felt to feel a 
woman run her tongue around the head and rim. Immediately her tongue was 
swabbing John's cock head.
     I knew John was really turned on and must be close to cumming. I 
told Alex to get ready to take my husband's load. Within seconds, John 
groaned aloud and announced that he was cumming. He told Alex to suck 
him hard and swallow her first man cum. Alex's throat was contracting as 
John fired his cum into her mouth. She was trying to swallow everything 
John put out, wanting very much to please him. Her mouth could only take 
so much and she couldn't swallow any more. John must have really been 
cumming a lot! My husband's white, hot, creamy cum was running out of 
the sides of Alex's mouth and down his cock to his balls. I told Alex to 
make sure she cleaned him up good and she started licking his cum from 
the side of his cock and from his balls. Alex said cum tasted SO 
different. She said it was sort of salty and she LOVED the texture. She 
added that it felt good sliding down her throat, apologizing for not 
being able to take ALL of his cum at once. John assured her that NO 
apology was necessary!
     As I watched my husband slip his deflating cock from this 
teenager's mouth, she began to jerk her hips, proclaiming her orgasm's 
arrival. She was HOT! She bucked against my face. I held on and 
increased the pressure and speed of my tongue. John was playing with 
Alex's breasts, enjoying the feel of 18-year-old tits for the first time 
in MANY years. Alex gushed out cum. It was like a man cumming almost -- 
she actually had hot cum cream cumming from her virgin cunt.
     After Alex settled down a bit and recovered from her cum, she asked 
if she could watch John and I make love. She wanted to see close-up what 
a man and a woman looked like having sex. Of course the exhibitionist in 
John and I came out and we told her we would love fucking in front of 
her. I asked her if she thought she would like to have John fuck her, 
too. She said she was a bit scared at the prospect, but she thought she 
might like to try later. I told her I wouldn't let John cum in me. I 
would make sure that he saved his load for her. I wanted her to feel my 
husband's boiling cum shoot into her, telling her I really enjoyed 
sucking his cum from a pussy he had just fucked.
     I looked at John and saw that his previously deflating cock was 
inflating again, probably thinking about fucking Alex more than me. I 
knew that had to be expected though. Men love to feel new pussies, 
feeling the new conquest squeeze their cocks. Alex was a real turn-on. 
How could I blame John for wanting to fuck this kid? I couldn't and  
wouldn't. I laid back and spread my legs. Alex was staring into my wide-
open cunt. I pulled a pillow up under my ass to raise up.
     Alex watched as John mounted me. I pulled my legs back until I had 
my head between my ankles. John was on his knees and rubbed his cock 
head through my wet, sloppy, horny pussy. Alex bent closer. She didn't 
want to miss a thing. She was simply amazed, I think, that she was 
kneeling here watching my husband's cock prepare to fuck into me. John 
let go of his cock and asked Alex if she would like to put it in. 
Without any hesitation, Alex took his cock in her little hand. She 
pulled him closer to my widespread cunt and inserted the head. As she 
did this my clit stood up, poking out of my cunt lips. She was surprised 
by my red nub, visibly erect. Her fingers of her other hand began 
caressing my clit, sometimes squeezing it. As John began to sink into 
me, Alex kept her hand on his cock. She wanted to feel it entering me. 
     John pushed forward and sank the remaining inches of his big cock 
into me. All cocks are different in some way, but my husband's is, and 
always will be, MY FAVORITE. It fits me so well, no one can fuck me like 
my John. 
     Alex was intently watching us fuck. She wanted to know how it felt 
to have this big penis slamming into my body. She said I was getting SO 
wet. The slurping noises, she said, turned her on. John was really 
pummeling my cunt. I humped into his every thrust. I think men like 
their women to fuck back. Who would enjoy a woman who just lays there? 
We fucked like that for at least 15 minutes. Alex stayed as close as she 
could the whole time, touching both of us anywhere she wanted. I told 
her that men like to have a woman stick their finger in their asses, 
carefully, but warned that men tend to cum pretty fast when a woman does 
that. In other words, don't do it now if you want to try fucking for the 
first time tonight.
     John said he had better stop for a little bit -- he could feel 
the familiar stirring in his balls. I asked Alex if she wanted to try to 
make love to my husband. Alex said she really wanted to. She begged 
John to PLEASE be gentle with her. 
     John pulled out of me, his cock covered in my juices. I told Alex 
to lay back on the bed and bend her knees up. She lifted her knees 
and spread her legs wide. Her pussy was soaked with juice. She 
definitely had plenty of natural lubrication. Maybe this wouldn't hurt 
her much, after all. I reached over and inserted a finger into her cunt. 
I could feel the obstruction of her hymen, she REALLY WAS a virgin! I 
told John to position himself between her thighs, telling him to go slow 
and easy. I reached out and rubbed his cock through her pussy lips. She 
looked so innocent laying there about to get her first fucking.
     I told my husband to go ahead and fuck his cock into her, slowly. 
He pressed into her cunt, the head sinking in and then stopping 
abruptly. Alex groaned, feeling a sharp pain, she said. I told John to 
hold still and let Alex adjust to having a cock in her. I told her to 
pull John in a little at a time when she felt comfortable. 
     After a minute or so she started to pull John further into her. I 
could tell that he was pushing against her unbroken hymen, waiting for 
the moment that he would break through. Then Alex gritted her teeth and 
shoved her pussy up at John, pulling him hard into her. She screamed a 
little and then whimpered for a few seconds. She was breathing really 
hard and fast. She was trying to get adjusted to being stuffed with this 
man's large cock in her previously unused cunt. 
     At first I think she was regretting pushing and pulling his cock 
into her virginal passage. She was obviously in some pain and 
discomfort. John was being a real darling. I knew he wanted to start 
ramming into her young teenage pussy, and was doing a great job of 
restraining himself. 
     After holding real still for at least two or three minutes I saw 
her begin to rotate her hips. Her eyes were still clamped shut, but her 
body seemed to be relaxing. She was not as tense as when John's cock 
first filled her body. After about another minute she began humping 
against John, slowly at first, then with more vigor. John started to 
move also, Alex meeting his every thrust instinctively. Her eyes were 
open now; she wanted to see herself getting laid. She said she felt very 
full and it was absolutely wonderful. She was glad she didn't know how 
great sex was before -- she never would've been able to keep her promise 
to her mother.
     I rubbed my husband's ass as he began a steady fucking rhythm into 
this sexy teenager. He had taken the virginity of our babysitter and  
she was verbally thanking him for letting her have sex with him.
     He laughed, saying, "Listen sweetheart, Alex is thanking ME for 
letting HER fuck ME! My sweet little Alex, I thank you for allowing this 
old man to enjoy your young beautiful body. Thank you for the honor of 
taking your virginity, also; that is a really great gift."
     I rubbed John's cock around Alex's pussy lips, wetting my fingers 
with her juice. I took one wet finger and inserted it a ways into John's 
ass. He bucked into Alex, starting to fuck her with fast strokes. I'm 
sure that a man half John's age couldn't have given her a better fuck 
than she was experiencing here with my husband. 
     Alex started to cum, spreading her legs wider, yelling for John to 
"Fuck my tight pussy! Fucking is so great! I'm hooked -- I need sex! Let 
me feel your cum squirt inside me!  Oh, Sue, thank you for sharing John 
with me! How can I ever repay you?" 
     As John rammed her young cunt, I heard him groan and knew my 
husband was filling another woman's pussy with his delicious cum. His 
ass cheeks clenched tight. He shoved into her as far as he could get, 
trying to drive his scalding cum through her whole body. She was moaning 
and talking about how she could feel John's cum spray her insides. John 
said Alex was squeezing his cock like a vise with her cunt muscles. I 
don't think she needed any more "lessons"; she was doing just great on 
her own. 
     When John pulled out of Alex, I told her that I wanted to suck 
John's cum from her pussy. She never closed her legs. I just crawled in 
and ate that freshly fucked cunt.
     Alex said her clit was really getting sensitive. I stopped 
concentrating on her clit. Alex sat up and asked me if she could explore 
my body in turn. Believe me, I never have to be asked twice when someone 
wants to eat me! 
     I laid back and spread my legs wide. Alex was staring into my open 
cunt. I reached down and pulled the lips apart, showing Alex all of my 
pussy. I showed her where to lick, where to suck and where to stick her 
tongue. I told her to just do what will cum naturally, do what she would 
like done to her body, and she couldn't go wrong. 
     I was expecting it and I was still startled as she bent forward and 
clamped her lips around my clit. She started sucking my clit like a 
nipple. It was fantastic. This girl was a natural pussy-eater! She 
alternated from sucking my clit and sinking her long tongue into my cunt 
hole. Alex said I tasted good, she loved my fresh smell and really 
enjoyed oral sex with a woman.
     After I came all over this little girl's face and she drank my 
juices she, shocked John and I. 
     Alex said, "I'll bet my Mom would love making love to another 
woman. I know she has not had sex since my Dad died six years ago. We 
talk all the time about anything. She told me she missed sex with my 
dad, saying he was really good in bed. She is too shy and thinks she is 
too old to try and get another man. She told me once, when we were 
talking about gays and lesbians, that the thought of touching another 
woman was sort of a turn on, although she never had and didn't think she 
ever would. She said she didn't really have any friends close enough to 
confide her curious attraction for a woman as a sex partner. We used to 
giggle about it. She would always say that what she really needed to 
make her forget about her fantasy was a man's big cock. I'm so lucky to 
have a Mom I can talk so openly with. I'm glad I kept my promise to her. 
I don't think I am going to be able to keep tonight a secret from her. 
We tell each other everything. She even gave me instructions on 
masturbating myself to take the edge off when I was tempted to allow a 
boy to have sex with me. Don't worry, though; I know she won't be mad at 
you guys. I think she will think I was very mature to want to do it 
right and learn sex from two nice adults. She always told me that there 
is usually a difference between making love and fucking. Fucking is 
super, I'll bet making love is really fantastic."
     John and I expressed our concern with her telling her mother about 
tonight. Was she absolutely sure Mom wouldn't get mad? She was sure. 
     I told John to drive Alex home. I told her that it was OK with me 
if she wanted to practice sucking a cock while riding in a car. Boys, I 
told her, still love to have their cocks sucked. I was sure that this 
had NOT changed with the new generation. I told Alex that John and I had 
a rule that we only have sex with others if we are BOTH there. I wanted 
to bend the rule tonight, though. I knew that John would really get into 
a teenage blowjob fantasy, and could feel sneaky getting one without me 
there. I wasn't worried about this teenager stealing my husband and told 
John to enjoy himself. He kissed and thanked me, scooting out the door 
with his "date."
     John was gone about 40 minutes. Naturally I wanted to hear every 
detail of his "date" with a teenager. John said, "As soon as they pulled 
out onto the highway, Alex unzipped my pants and hers. She took my hand 
and shoved it inside her panties, telling me to make her little pussy 
cum again. I started to rub her lips, feeling her wetness."
     The whole car, he said, was reeking of young pussy smell. He hoped 
it could reek like that for a while. John said that Alex dipped her head 
down to his hard cock and sunk almost all of it into her throat. She 
started moving up and down on his cock, moaning and fucking his cock 
with her mouth like she had with her cunt. When she pulled away and was 
licking his cock up and down, and pumping it as she had been taught, she 
talked dirty to him and told him how much she wanted to taste his cum in 
her teenage mouth. The little vixen was teasing John, using ALL the 
tricks we had taught her in that one night. She wanted to see how fast 
she could get a guy to spray his cum into her throat. 
     I remembered that when I was in school, my girlfriends and I would 
go for speed record blow jobs. I made a guy cum once in just under a 
minute. My trick was how I talked dirty to him, and made sure he could 
watch my girlfriend sucking another guy off while I was sucking him. The 
guys loved to be our practice cocks! We never ran out of eager 
volunteers, for some reason. 
     John said he knew she was not going to get a record time blow job 
because he had already cum three times tonight. Of course, John never 
mentioned that a guy can last a lot longer each time he gets it up again 
at an orgy. He let that poor girl slave away over his cock, he said, for 
almost 30 minutes, working her mouth until sore, then filling her mouth 
and spraying a huge load on her tonsils. 
     John said the last 15 minutes were parked right in front of her 
house and Alex didn't even know they had stopped. He said it was just 
like the old school days, when he used to drop chicks off at home. He 
was usually able to get a blow job or fuck before they went inside. Alex 
came, he said, about the same time, clamping her thighs around his hand. 
John said that as Alex sat up and realized where they were, she 
hurriedly wiped his cum from the side of her mouth and chin and licked 
her fingers clean. He said she smiled slyly at him as he watched her do 
that. Then, he said, she closed her pants, gave him a peck on the cheek, 
thanked him again and hopped out, running into her house.

     John and I really enjoyed our night with Alex. John wants to tell 
everyone about our next encounter with Alex. Alex came back for more the 
very next weekend, but she had a "special" favor to ask of us. So stay 
tuned for Part VI!
     Oh yeah, by the way, I had two great cums dictating this story to 
John. I masturbated once while he watched and wrote and he stopped once 
to fuck me into a frenzy. Hope you had a GOOD CUM, TOO!!! 

========================================================================
NixPix Windy City (the Midwest)      708 564 1754
NixPix Central (the original Nick)   303 920 1263
NixPix Sweden                        011 46 40 110590
NixPix Austria                       011 43 7719 8871
NixPix Finland                       011 358 0 298 3390

Remember -- fun and communication is what we're all about!
==========================================================================
