Archive-name: Bestial/6some.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Day on the Island, A


      It was a hot and muggy day that Steve, my husband, and I 
arrived at our friends' house.  I really looked forward to our 
visits with Joyce and John on their delightful private island in 
the bay, but the boat trip was always long and, today, it was 
particularly hot.  

      Joyce, a gorgeous lady in anyone's book, greeted us.  John 
was off somewhere doing some chores.  The welcome was reserved, 
almost cool, I thought, but it helped to offset the rowdy 
greeting we received from Jake and Fluff, the two island mascots, 
a gigantic Dane and a cute, trimmed poodle.  

      Joyce shooed them off and invited us into her home, a cozy 
Cape Cod, "Come on in and I'll fix some cool drinks."

      "We'll have sodas," I said, as Steve had had a few too many 
beers on the way down.

      We sat and chatted for a half hour or so before Joyce 
offered to go find John.  Steve said he would go with her, but I 
declined.  All I wanted was a shower and chance to lie down.  The 
island was big, they would be gone a long time.  

      I waved goodbye to them and headed to the guest room.  As I 
stripped my grimy clothes off, Fluff hopped on the bed and made 
herself at home.  

      "I'll contend with you later." My period always made me 
grouch, and horny, but the latter would have to wait.  

      The warm shower was wonderful.  I stayed in for over ten 
minutes letting my aches and pains and sweat wash off of my body.  
I loved showers, because I loved the feeling of tiny little 
fingers caressing my body.  I loved my own hand caressing my 
body, ALL over, and I did that a lot.  I loved even more large 
rough hand, like Steve's, all over my body, but lately he seemed 
to be more intent on doing "his thing" and letting me fend for 
myself.  But even "his thing" in bed was pretty good.  

      A shiver of delight ran through my body thinking of the 
other night when we fucked up a storm after that great porn movie 
I got at the video store.  He even saved some for my anus that 
time, something he hasn't done for a long while.  My, but he was 
good at that.  I am just sorry I had to be the one to initiate it 
each time.  I even had to go and get the videos.

      But, enough of that.  I finally felt relaxed and cool.  A 
brisk rub down with one of Joyce's luxurious towels almost got me 
in the mood for more than a nap, but Steve wouldn't be back for 
an hour or so.  

      "A nap would still be great, but maybe I'll just get myself 
off once before I sack out.  I'll blame it on my period," I said 
out loud.

      I found the bed still occupied by Fluff, but a quick jerk 
of her collar convinced her I wanted it all.  She rested her head 
on the bed and whined, but I was way off in another world by 
then.  My legs were flung wide open, my hands caressing ever 
contour of my body.  It was a delicious body and I loved it 
dearly, just as Steve did.  It was nice to know that even though 
I had two kids, was married again and pushing that dreaded forty, 
I was still desirable.  One of the guys at work, a dippy sort, 
was constantly telling me how beautiful I was.  At first I though 
it was just a line and he was trying to seduce me, but I finally 
became convince that he was really in love with me and he really 
thought I was beautiful and wonderful.  Although I had flirted 
with him a few time and even fantasized more than that, I had 
still been faithful to Steve.  But it had been sort of tempting 
and it was nice to think that I still had that kind of attraction 
to males.  I felt good about myself and I treated myself 
accordingly.

      All these things flashed through my mind as my body 
gradually softened in my own hands and approached that wonderful 
pinnacle I so longed for.  My God, how I liked to orgasm.  
Although I loved fucking (I have had more than my share, too), it 
was really the orgasm that did it.  I didn't mind getting a guy's 
rocks off, as long as he did the same for me.  His cum was nice, 
but not mandatory.

      For some reason as I gradually approached, then backed away 
(I loved to tease myself, too), that guy at work kept entering my 
head.  He used to write porn stories for me.  Some weren't too 
bad either, too bad I don't have one now, but he almost had an 
animal fetish, as several were about animals fucking women (in 
his stories, the "leading lady" was always me - great).  I wonder 
what it would be like....

      A loud crash echoed through the room.  It triggered my 
climax.  "OOOH, I sure am good," I moaned.  

      It was a few moments before I realized that I had heard the 
noise, so absorbed in finger-fucking myself, was I.  "Who's 
that."

      I raised my head saw Fluff sprawled on the floor.  It had 
been her.  She scramble up and tried once again to leap onto the 
bed, apparently her original goal, but the throw rug and 
prevented that.  

      "Oh, all right, you mutt, get up here," I said as I helped 
her up.  "There is enough room for two ladies up here, just don't 
crowd me, OK?"

      It was too warm for covers, so I lay back down in my all-
together intending to take a cat nap.  My mind slowly wandered 
back to some of my better sexual exploits, a common day dream.  
Some were really neat.  I remember once, there was this guy.  He 
wasn't so good looking, but he was big and blond and had a great 
build and was young.  I remember that he was so nervous the first 
time he tried to put it in he came all over me.  He apologized so 
profusely, just like his cum, and started crying.  I remember 
pushing his tear-stained face towards my twat, holding him there 
until he started eating me.  His tongue was all slobbery and soft 
and felt soooo good, especially when he tried to slip it up my 
vagina.  He wasn't much of a fuck, too quick, but he was great at 
giving head.

      The image of this guy was so vivid I could almost feel him 
doing it to me again.  In my daydream I reached down to sort of 
guide his head, and was startled to find Fluff there!  

      I screamed and flew up throwing that damned dog off of the 
bed.  It was gross.  I actually had a dog licking my cunt.  Now, 
I needed another shower.

      Poor dog.  I knew dogs were attracted to blood and here I 
was in heat myself.  I sure didn't know female dogs were into 
that, too.  

     Before I got into the shower I had a chance to think about 
it.  "It sure felt good.  I'm no prude.  Why not?"

      "Is that what you want girl, to eat a little pussy, huh?" I 
cooed.  "Fluff, come back her.  Good dog!  How would you like to 
take care of old auntie Alice?"

      I got her back up on the bed and crawled in behind her.  It 
didn't take much to lead her back to my crotch.  Actually, I 
didn't know if it was my vaginal juices from my masturbating or 
my blood that attracted her, but who cares.  

      Her cold nose sent a shock through me and caused me to 
recoil, but her warm, wet tongue soon slizzered out and caused 
another kind of shock wave to rip through me.  A moment later, I 
squealed and raised my hips slightly, she had stuck her long 
tongue right into my very wet hole.  

      "Go to it, Fluff.  Just don't forget my clit." But she had 
no interest it that.  I tried to get her to lick that, but her 
tongue was too coarse for that sensitive organ, inflamed as it 
was.  So I let her go back to my cunt and I played joyfully with 
my clitoris myself.

      I was in heaven.  No man had ever done me quite this.  Her 
tongue was so long it felt like it was going all the way up to my 
cervix.  God, it was great.  My eyes must have bugged out, as I 
started to cum.  I shook and panted and squealed for what seemed 
like ten minutes.  I could have continue for hours like this, 
except we had a visitor.  

      As we were merrily on our way (I am not sure about Fluff, 
but I sure was going great) up the erotic hill, Jake came 
bursting into the room.  In a flash he was on the bed, like a 
puppy, trying to see what all of the excitement was.  

      I wasn't about to quit a good thing and I sure didn't care 
who saw us now, I was so far along.  It didn't take long for me 
to notice that he didn't seem too interested in me, but he did 
take a sudden liking to Fluff.

      How ludicrous.  If I had been in more receptive shape I 
would have laughed, but my body was struggling to complete its 
journey.  There was Jake, this huge dog trying to hump a dog, two 
hands shorter, while she was tongue fucking me.  

      In then ensuing struggle, the bed taking a terrible 
beating, Fluffy caught my clit and I screamed in delight and 
melted in ecstacy.  

      I clamped my legs shut as Fluffy didn't seem to care that I 
had climaxed and didn't want to stop.  I wanted to lie there and 
bask, as it were, but fate would have none of that.  Jake was 
still earnestly humping the air with all of the urgency and 
abandon of a teen in the back seat of a car.  Fluffy, obviously 
ignoring Jake was trying to root out my vagina again.  

      Now, being quite intelligent, I figured, "Why should I get 
all the breaks, Fluff should be rewarded for a job well done."

      I reached down and try to raise Fluffy's rear end and 
sucked in my breath at the sight before me.  Jake was humping the 
air with a downright prodigious member flailing around.  This 
flaming red rod was staring right at me, glimmering and 
shimmering in the artificial light of the room.  'Tis a pity men 
are not endowed with self-lubrication like this guy.  It sure 
looked more tasty than K-Y.  "What am I saying!"

      Anyway, weak as I am, having just completed a very nice 
climax, and hating to see that fine organ wasted, I continued to 
try to get Fluffy in position.  But it was not to be.  I suppose 
Fluff was not turned on by the same sort things I am, because all 
she seemed to want to do now was escape.

      Although Jake would, no doubt, object, I let her go.  She 
scurried off as quick as she could.

      That left me, and Jake, towering over me still humping like 
mad.  I couldn't take my eyes off of his moist penis thrusting 
from his sheath, flopping and bouncing around in the air.  It was 
agonizing to watch him, but I sure wasn't going to do anything 
else.

      As his haunches continued humping I could see that long 
dick twitch.  I slid my foot under his belly and gently rubbed 
his cock with my toes.  

      For some strange reason I found myself saying, "Come on you 
beautiful beast fuck my toes, let it go......come on you beast, 
fuck me...."

      Slowly and cautiously I reach my hand up to touch it.  As 
it thrashed back and forth in the air I could hold my hand still 
and feel its smooth and slimy surface run over it.  It felt good.  
Hot and slimy and good.  Slowly I closed my hand over it.  

      "Surely, it wouldn't do any harm," I thought.

      Jake, figuring he had hit home, went berserk.  As I clamped 
his prick tighter he gave a great surge and "plunged home." For 
an instant he paused, then slowly withdrew and began his 
exaggerated pumping again.  

      It felt fine to me, but for some unknown reason I panicked 
and let go.  Jake didn't stop, but his wail convinced me that he 
might catch on soon that things were not as they should be.

      Quickly, I tried to slip out from under him.  As I rolled I 
must have caught Jake off balance as the horny dog went tumbling 
to the floor with a terrible crash.  That gave me an opportunity 
to wriggle off the bed and escape.  Unfortunately, I met Jake 
getting up.  His immense size and forbidding strength sent me 
flying backwards.  I just had the presence of mind to twist 
around before crashing down.  Thank goodness I could reach the 
bed or I would have busted something.  I wound up half on and 
half off.  

      For an instant I lay there, panting.  That instant was 
fateful.

      Before I could push myself up and get completely away, I 
felt the hot breath of Jake on my back, instantly followed by a 
clunk on my head where his chin came to rest.  His scratchy, 
hairy body had me pinned.  I struggled to slip away, but his 
tree-trunk forelegs were like iron prison bars.

      I didn't even have a chance to realize the predicament I 
was in, until I suddenly felt a hot wet object goose me in the 
derriere.  A scream only seemed to further inflame my captor as I 
desperately tried to wriggle free.  His hard chest scraped my 
back as he strived to mate with me.  His rigid penis, thank God, 
with a soft, pointy head kept probing into my rear, getting 
nearer and nearer to something significant.

      What was I to do.  I was being raped by a dog.  They'd 
never believe that in court.  I stopped and gathered all of my 
remaining strength for one last effort to break free.  But this 
pause was also "fatal." The instant before I threw myself to one 
side, his urgent cock found, and entered, my anus.  (And all 
along I was worried about my vagina being violated.) 

      I gasped.  But I couldn't stop myself.  We both toppled off 
the bed onto the floor.  Amazingly, Jake never missed a stroke.  
As we were falling he had quickly pulled back a short distance, 
not far enough to extract himself, and with his own desperate 
surge drive himself fully into me.  And even as we were lying on 
our sides struggling to right ourselves, he persevered.  

      But a few more of his reckless convulsions on the ground 
dislodged him.  In an instant, without even thinking of the 
consequences, I was up.  I threw myself headlong on the bed 
crying, "Jake, get up here you bastard, and finish what you 
started.  This wanton woman needs her ass reamed."

      He must have understood English, because he was up and back 
on me in a flash.  I just caught a delicious glimpse of his 
magnificent cock fully extended, ready for action.

      I gasped again as he reestablished his position.  His 
determined thrusting again beating a tattoo on my backside.  But 
this time we had the assistance of previous experience.  

      I rotated my hips to help his entry.  He took a step toward 
me with his back legs and hunched his powerful haunches.  I 
groaned, "Oh, YES!," as his long hard rod aggressively slipped 
into my ass once again.  My eyes must have gotten big as I felt 
his hard urgent cock drive in deeply.  I felt his hairy haunches 
strike my buttocks as he sank all of the way in.  "Oh God!  It's 
in.  He's in me.  Oh God!".  

     [I must admit several things here, dear reader.  First, I am 
              not into bestiality, although I love fucking men.  
              Secondly, I love anal intercourse.  It has not 
              always been a pleasant thing as most men don't 
              treat me any differently whichever hole they are 
              in.  If they aren't particularly gentle when they 
              fuck my ass it can really hurt, and of course, if 
              they aren't adequately lubricated it is pure hell.  
              So I have never become a expert in it seeing as how 
              my men have not, in general, been the kind and 
              gentle sort.  It is tough when you are attracted to 
              the macho-type.  Give me the, "Shut up, lady.  I'm 
              goin' fuck the life out of you." You can have the 
              guys who say, "Please, Alice, may I make love with 
              you?" and "Help me enter you, please, Alice." I 
              can't say my type fucks better or not or that they 
              satisfy me any better, I just like them better.  
              "Just like a broad," you say.  Well, eat your heart 
              out, I'm not screwing you, am I?] 

      Getting back to the real world: I was in heaven kneeling 
next to the bed, with this monstrous dog humping the livin' shit 
out of my ass.

      I sure wasn't in any pain now.  I reached down to enhance 
the effort by playing a little tune on my clit.  It was so nice 
to be fucked and still be able to dawdle over my clitoris and 
finger fuck myself at my own rate.  Jake was fucking like crazy.  
He was going quite fast, taking short strokes.  His cock was 
slipping in and out like nothing I have ever felt before.  I 
could feel the heat build up, mainly due to my heightening 
passion, but also due to friction, no doubt.

      I squealed with pleasure each time he thrust his long red 
cock into me.  Jake, as far as I could tell, was having a great 
time, too.  Yes, I was fucking the big dog every bit as much as 
he was fucking me, and we were both enjoying it very, very much.

      My hips sort of twitched to meet each thrust that the dog 
made.  He was picking up speed rapidly.  Never has any man humped 
me so fast.  Once he had his long cock fully into me he started 
making short thrusting jabs, not like the delicious long slow 
strokes that Steve was capable of, seemingly trying to get into 
me even deeper.  I was squealing and groaning, urging him on.  
All of the sudden it was like I couldn't get enough air and I 
nearly passed out.  

      But I was only cumming.  Huge waves of cum rolled over and 
over me again and again.  I could feel my bodily juices flow over 
my fingers as I stuffed them in my vagina as far as I could.  My 
clit instantly became ultra sensitive and I had to stop stroking 
it in time to Jake's thrusts.  I could feel my nipples, hard as 
cherry pits, and I ached to have a real man stroke them.  Rubbing 
them over the sheets was all I could manage with Jake's weight 
resting on me.  Over and over I orgasmed.

      Then the dog took a long powerful lunge that drive my 
thighs into the side of the bed.  I felt a forceful swelling in 
his penis, fully buried.  He exploded in my straining body.  
Surge after powerful surge followed giving me exquisite pleasure.

      I expected him to quickly withdraw his wondrous instrument 
and amble unconcernedly away.  Then I remembered the male dog's 
physiology as I felt him start to swell.  I wondered, "How big 
will you get?" 

      I could feel his cock getting bigger, stretching me, as it 
twitched inside me.  It was really neat and I felt so full.

      But I was not going to sit idly by waiting for him to 
complete the act of mating.  I was going to cum again.  "Oh, my 
God, I'm cumming again!" I moaned to no one in particular and 
started to pant and gasp once again.

      Eventually, I became aware of the dog getting restless and 
wriggling around, still inside of me, each movement giving me 
great pleasure.  I cried in anguish as I finally felt it slip out 
and tried to back into him to engage it once more, but a sucking 
sound and a juicy "plop" told me he had pulled out.

      I looked back and was amazed to see how big he was, at 
least eight inches and about an inch and a half thick.  

      Then he followed the human male lead and casually swaggered 
off to take a leak some where.

      "That was fantastic, simply fantastic!" I said to the empty 
room.

      But the room was not empty.  A deep, booming voice broke my 
reverie, "The bitch likes fuckin' dogs.  How appropriate."

      I groaned in agony as I recognized John, the ultimate 
macho-man.  Even though he seemed to fit the stereotype of "my 
man," I was always a little afraid of John.  He was just too much 
like that.  More than once I had seen him shove Joyce around, not 
really hurting her, just, "Letting you know who's boss." Joyce 
has never seen fit to talk of her relationship with him, although 
she has told me all of the gory, and not so gory, details of all 
of her many others, and there were many, men before John.  

      Instantly, I felt a stab in the pit of my stomach.  I tried 
to get up out of my kneeling position, but John's hand reached 
out and grabbed my shoulder, forcing me back down.  

      I looked up into his face.  John had a savage scowl as he 
leered down at me.  

      The large man slowly reached out his other hand and grabbed 
my hair.  With brute force he slowly pulled me to my feet.  With 
not one word, he leaned down and kissed me.  He plunged his 
tongue deep into my mouth.  The taste of stale beer and cigarette 
smoke made me choke, but he held me firmly to him.  I attempted 
to kick out in self defense, only to have the air knocked out of 
me by a fist to my midsection.  I dropped back to my knees.

      "Bitch, if ya' want ta git a real cock to play with git 
mine." 

      He paused, obviously expecting me to do something.  He 
forced me to take my eyes off of his face and look down.  I 
closed my eyes, but he yanked me painfully by the hair and said, 
"Look.  Take it out and look at it."

      Right in front of my eyes was his crotch.  I could clearly 
see the outline of a huge bulge inside of his filthy jeans.  

      "Now!" brought me back to my senses.  

      I slowly reached up and undid his belt.  He abruptly shoved 
me back against the bed, mercifully letting go of my hair.  I 
slumped against the bed as he quickly dropped his pants and was 
startled by an gigantic cock which bounced free of its 
confinement.  I was caught midway between admiration, longing and 
dread as I stared at it sticking straight out from his hairy 
crotch, throbbing in time with his heavy labored breathing.  It 
was almost ugly, almost.

      "Do ya' want to touch it, since you like cocks so much?" 
But it was more a demand than a question.  

      I reached out as he took a menacing step towards me.  I had 
never seen a penis that big before.  Not only was it long, about 
as long as my forearm, but it was bigger around than my wrist.  
If it had been attached to anything else I would have fallen in 
love with it right there and then, but its owner did not possess 
the "inner beauty" that should have gone with that magnificent 
stallion cock.  But this unworthy bastard possessed more.  His 
"charm" did not stop length and breadth.  Suspended from the 
hairy root of that massive dong hung the grossest testicles I had 
ever seen.  They dangled down like a prize bull, and just seemed 
to churn over and over, each moving like a bloated puppet on a 
string.  

      My fascination was curtailed by John's belched command, 
"Open your fuckin' mouth, bitch." 

      As I opened my mouth opened, he quickly struck his huge 
cock into it, way in, making me gag.  His one hand alternated 
between pulling my head toward his loins and yanking it away by 
my hair.  I was afraid to bite, but the thought did cross my 
mind.

      I could hear his sudden grunt of pleasure as my mouth 
closed around his cock.  His hand dug into me hard, pulling me 
closer as his hips thrust vigorously back and forth.  I closed my 
eyes again, sucking hard and eagerly at his thick cock.  I could 
feel the head of his prick slam the back of my throat with each 
powerful thrust and this excited me all the more.  Tears welled 
up in my eyes, yet the feel of his hard, straining cock in my 
mouth awakened a savage hunger in my I'd rarely known before, but 
couldn't wait to satisfy.

      My tongue slid all around his cock, feeling each pulsing 
vein press my cheeks out.  John's hands tightened in my hair as I 
slowly let my hand creep up to explore his grand testicles.  I 
gently squeezed the sperm-bloated balls and tried to trace the 
sinewy trail leading to the end of his gigantic organ.  

      In a way I was hoping he would just let me suck him off, 
but then in a perverse way I sort of hoped he wouldn't.  After a 
few minutes of his masturbating with me as the tool, he suddenly 
flung me back towards the bed.  

      Although I didn't make it, falling back down to the floor, 
I didn't need written instructions to know that I had to get up 
and lay down on it.  With all of the confidence in the world he 
stood there proudly and defiantly.

      "My, he's hung.  Thank God I am already juicy," I thought.

      I dutifully lay down on my back, spreading my legs and 
awaited the onslaught.

      He took his hard, huge cock into his hands and aimed it at 
my gaping hole.  It lurched violently.  I was suitably amazed and 
impressed.

      "Big enuff?" he asked lecherously, his eyes gleaming.  
"Iszat what your cunt is needin'?"

      I couldn't answer.  The sight of his rigid pulsing flesh 
rising straight up from his hairy loins aimed at my unprotected 
pussy made me almost faint with desire.  Uncontrollably, I began 
rotating my bottom in wanton little circles on the mattress.  
Involuntarily my hand darted to my sensitive, vulnerable bud of 
my clitoris, prodding and swirling around and around.  
"Aaaaaaah," I moaned.

      "But it's so big," I thought in terror.  "It will surely 
tear me apart." 

      Suddenly, as he stepped towards me, my lust was forgotten 
in a flood of terror.  "No!" I gasped.  "Stop!  Please, let me 
go!"

      I could tell in his eyes he wanted to shove his bursting 
cock up inside my tight little belly.  I suspected he also wanted 
to watch my face as he entered, because he commanded, "Get on top 
of me!" His lust-contorted face made it perfectly clear I should 
follow his command.  

      He flopped down heavily and reached over to me, quickly 
pulling me up over his passion-fevered loins.  His strength was 
as awesome as was his staff.

      My breath came in quick labored gasps.  It felt as though 
my cunt were on fire, and the spirit of licentious liberation 
from all inhibitions drove me to heights of wanton desire which I 
had never before known.  Now I only wished he would put his penis 
inside my aching pussy, quickly!  

      "Like this, baby," explained the man whose fingers were now 
clasping the satin-smooth cheeks of my resilient buttocks and 
positioning my small vagina directly above his throbbing 
hardness.  A lewd little smile lighted his face as he noted the 
half-fearful, half-lustful gleam in my eyes as I stared greedily 
down at the size of his penis.  The panting giant was 
irritatingly sure that I'd like his big thick cock well enough 
once it was firmly ensconced within my trembling cunt.

      "Take it in your hand and put it in your cunt," he ordered, 
too impatient to pay attention to the cock-teasing woman's 
objections.

      "No!" I wailed.  "I can't!  I'm afraid!  I won't!"

      "Oh, God in heaven!" I thought, he is surely going to tear 
me to pieces.  But I was helpless against his every wish.  My 
body ceased to struggle and strain, and much to my astonishment 
the needles of desire and thrills of excitement began again, 
prurient flames of eroticism flooding through my loins.

      "Now take it and stick it in ya' fuckin' pussy and hurry up 
about it," he commanded, still leering.

      "How did I ever get in a position like this?" I thought.  

      I reached down and touched his rock hard tool again.  Then, 
slowly I slid my fingers around that monster, just barely making 
it all the way around, until I had a firm grasp of it.  I 
couldn't hold it still as it continued to pulse and surge as 
John's breathing came in gulps and gasps.  Grasping the lust-
distended hardness was like holding a red-hot steel bar.  

      "Oh, please, oh please, oh please," I groaned.  Then, 
"Mmmmmm.  God, it's so big, it's so hard." 

      Slowly I moved my hips so that my quivering vaginal opening 
was close to that stallion cock.  As I gingerly parted my labia 
to guide the blunt-nosed shaft up into the depths of my belly, my 
earlier passion returned multi-fold.

      I slowly ran my hand down and then back up that magnificent 
organ, feeling it spasm and swell beneath my touch.

      Slowly I lowered myself over the waving, flaming tool that 
I could not hold still.  I nestled it just between my labia, 
slowing exerted a force.  I had never had a cock this big, so it 
was with mixed feelings that I was looking forward to the next 
moment.

      "What now, little lady?" he mocked.  "D'ya want this in 
you, baby? A-L-L T-H-E W-A-Y I-N Y-A?"

      I groaned and tried to move my hips to take him into me, 
but he held me firmly, and I couldn't move.  He held me in his 
vise-like hands so that his glans no longer snuggled in my lips, 
but he moved me forwards and back so that it rubbed over my 
clitoris, exciting me all the more.  

      "Oh, Ohhhhhh, please." I groaned as the tip of his shaft 
rubbed my soft mound.

      "Oh, please, oh, please, oh, please," I whispered, not 
knowing quite what I was begging for, release or gratification.  

      "Mmmmmm," I sighed, "God, it's so big, it's so hard." But, 
I began to gently stroke that cock up and down with both hands.  
"God, it's so big," as I tried break his grip and maneuvered over 
this monster.  

      Without warning, unable to wait another second, the lusting 
man flicked his muscular hips upward and plunged his gigantic 
hardness into my open vagina without caring whether he was 
hurting me or not.

      Sharp needles of sensual agony shot through my impaled 
body.  The massive thickness was thrust inside me.  His mammoth 
hardness throbbed within the suffering walls of my stretched 
cunt.

      And then before I realized what I was doing, I began to 
undulate my hips around the obscenely impaling rod of hardened 
male flesh, all traces of pain easing, floating in between hurt 
and happiness, between pain and pleasure, far away from reality.  
There was something wonderfully erotic about being fucked half to 
death by a virtual stranger.  A powerful wave of pleasure rippled 
through my over-stimulated body.

      "Now this is one fuckin' man," he breathed on me.  "That 
feels better than that fuckin' dog, doesn't it?" 

      "Yes," I cried.  "Yes, fuck me.  I want it...  I want it 
all of the way inside of me." I felt the head start to slip in 
deeper as I pushed.  

      "Oh, yes.  It'ssss going in," I panted.  "Ooooh mmmyyyy 
godddddd!!!" I breathed as I began to move up and down very 
slowly.

      But as I rose slightly off of his pulsing cock, he reached 
down and took my swollen clit between his thumb and forefinger 
and roughly squeezed it, I humped against him like a mad woman.  

      "Fuck me!" I panted.  "Do it to me ...  fuck me!" 

      Supporting part of my weight with my hands on his chest I 
began to make slow circles as his huge cock slowly disappeared 
inside of me.  I watched in utter amazement.

      I didn't want to move, it felt so absolutely incredible.  
My eyes rolled back into my head and my mouth opened to ease my 
labored breathing.  But he wouldn't let me stop.  With brute 
force he lifted me off of him and let me slip deliciously back 
onto his surging penis.

      I rocked back and forth on his cock.  

      Alternating from a quick succession of quick strokes and 
slow long strokes I began to feel an eruption coming as his cock 
swelled even more.  His hands fell away from my hips to run up 
and down his hardness as I rose and fell.  His face was contorted 
in agony.

      Coming up on one of my long strokes I pulled his cock out 
of my cunt just enough to maintain his glans just outside and 
rubbed the slippery knob back and forth over my clitoris.  Then I 
slowly slid back onto it.  

      With an burst of impatience he reached up and pulled me off 
of him.  As he threw me over on the bed, he bellowed, "You 
teasing slut, what are you taking so long for? I'm cumming and 
you're pestering."

      He rolled over and literally fell on me, knocking what air 
I had left out.  His hips were lunging crazily and heavily 
against my body as he desperately tried to get his huge cock back 
inside of me.  I could do nothing to help, just lay there and 
take his savage pounding.

      Then with pure, brute force he thrust his powerful hips 
forward into me and his raging cock struck the edge of my vagina.  
I cried out in pain.

      John seemed to go berserk when I screamed as he thrust hard 
and his partially lodged glans slipped down and entered me like a 
pile driver.

      My breath had came back, but quickly left again, "Oh, oh, 
ooooooh, yes, oooooooh, that's the way, that's the way, yes, yes, 
fuck me."

      He began to pound me unmercifully, all of his weight 
crashing down on me.

      As he groaned in anticipation of his quick climax, I, still 
striving for ecstacy, moaned in reply, "Oh, please, fuck me just 
like that, please don't stop.  God it feels so good."

      He grabbed my buttocks in his huge hands and rammed it 
towards him with all of his strength.  He propelled the full 
length of that stupendous rock pillar shaft inside of me.

      "Ahh, ahh, oh, God, hold it right there", I cried, trying 
to catch my breath once again.  

      Stopping for an instant, he looked down to his cock buried 
in my vagina and with a gruesome smile swore, "You fucking bitch, 
take it.  I'm gonna run it all the way through you.  Ya' never 
been fucked like this havya' Tell me you haven't or I'll kill 
ya', ya cock sucking worthless bitch."

      Then quickly, resuming the obligation of his lust-ridden 
body, John began to fiercely ram his pulsating thickness hard up 
into my soft and tender vagina with smooth straight strokes, all 
the way to my spongy cervix.  

      "Uh, uh, uh ,uh, uh, oooh, uh, uh," I wailed with each 
pelvic intrusion.  "Oh, God, Oh, God, Oh, YES, I Feel It.  Oh, 
F...Fu...Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, Fuck Me." 

      As an uncontrollable reflex, I wrapped my legs around his 
flailing hips until my feet linked over the small of his back.

      He struggled to bury himself even deeper inside of me as 
his balls quivered with each thrust.  

      "Oh God, I think I'm coming," I shrieked, "Oh yes, I'm 
coming, oh, oh, yes, oh, please don't stop, please don't stop, 
fuck me, please, fuck me."

      Incoherent gurgles of joy spurted from my lips, and my ripe 
body squirmed in near orgiastic ecstasy.

      I felt his hand attack my vulnerable anus with savage 
insistence.  The outstretched finger forced its way up into my 
clenching rectum, to move back and forth in time to his wild 
carnal strokes.

      I felt myself floating higher and higher, far removed from 
space and time.

      Then, suddenly, his long-sought climax hit him like a 
jackhammer.  Unexpectedly it came over his aroused flesh and he 
howled like a wounded animal, as great swirls of incredible 
pleasure stormed through his overloaded nervous system.

      The plunging penis that was bringing me to such great 
heights, thrust and stopped and expanded, as it spurt its hot 
load of semen deep into my convulsing body.  His hot cum made my 
vagina feel tremendous.  

      "Don't stop.  Oh, no, don't stop now!, Ooooh, Aaaahhh, FUCK 
ME!", I screamed, but I drew no closer to blissful ecstacy.  I 
tried to continue to thrust against him, but his weight pinned me 
to the bed.

      "UUUUUHHHHHH, UUUUUHHHHH, AAAAHHHHHH, OOOOOH!," he groaned.

      I was desperate.  Maddened by the pungent aroma of sexual 
release, I wanted to keep him stroking, but it was not to be.

      His orgastic liquid poured from my racked body and 
overflowed upon the bed beneath.

      I wallowed in his delights of orgasm and the slippery warm 
cum, but my joy was not allowed to continue, for with a violent 
shove he extricated himself from my grip and rolled off.  He 
practically tore his rapidly shrinking penis from my vainly 
clutching vagina.  

      "Now you've been fucked by a real man.  That oughta keep 
you away from the mutts from now on.  Ya' ain't too bad, 
yourself, baby, but don't come back beggin' for more.  Ya' ain't 
worth another fuck."

      He crudely rolled off the bed, lighted a cigarette, grabbed 
his trousers, belched, and casually swaggered off to take a leak.

      I lay there for a few moments, still unsatiated, not really 
having the energy or desire to get up.  Suddenly I heard a scream 
and the sounds of approaching footsteps.  Joyce burst into the 
room, quickly surveys the scene and whimpered, "What did that 
bastard do to you, Alice?"

      I really wanted to jump up and run headlong for the 
bathroom or the door or somewhere, but the preceding hour had 
been just too much.  All I could do is just lay there where John 
had tossed me and smile up a one of my best friends.

      "I'll get that bastard for raping you.  He did, didn't he?" 
She asked.

      I was speechless.  Should I lie or not? Joyce didn't give 
me a chance.  She came over to the bed and leaned over me.  "You 
poor thing," she said and kissed my forehead.

      As she sat down I saw her glance down to my crotch, my 
pubes, and grimace.  She must have seen his cum flowing out of 
me, I still felt it running out, over my thigh, forming a sticky 
wet puddle beneath me.

      She sat there for a few moments.  Neither of us said 
anything.  Then she did a strange thing.  (Thankfully, I was 
still in virtual shock or I might have reacted hastily.) Slowly 
she leaned over me again and kissed my forehead again, this time 
I felt hot tears.  Her hands came up to my face and gently lay 
warmly against my cheeks.

      She held them there for a few moments, then she quietly lay 
down next to me taking me in her warm arms like I was a child.  
Her hands gently stroked my back, then crept innocently down to 
my buttocks, then back.  Her touch was very, very sensual.  

      She pulled away for an instant, staring into my eyes, and 
then leaned over and kissed me full on the lips.  

      I froze!

      Her grip on me tightened.  I tried to get away, but I was 
still weak.  

      "Alice, listen to me, please," she pleaded.  "It will just 
take a few minutes."

      She was one of my best friends, I owed her that much.  She 
let me go when I assented.  She sat up again, telling me to stay 
lying down.  Then in a very quiet, seductive voice, she proceeded 
to tell me her life's story.  About how she had fucked her way 
through life until she met John.  And how John had teased her 
unmercifully by letting her play with his cock, but never letting 
her have it inside of her.  She was young and so infatuated with 
its size that she finally gave into to his demand that he marry 
her before she could have it.  Then on her wedding night he had 
beaten and raped her unmercifully and continued to do so for 
several weeks.  On the sly she had sought help from another 
friend, who had had a similar problem.  That friend had "become" 
a lesbian in reaction to her own experiences with men.  She 
"seduced" Joyce and Joyce "saw" the light of non-aggressive love-
making.  

      Joyce had been rambling for quite some time before she said 
that.  I probably had dozed off a few times, too.  Anyway, quite 
unnoticed she had return to her gentle caressing of my still-bare 
body.  By the time I realized it I had come to enjoy it.  Then 
she dropped the bomb.

      "Alice, it was so very wonderful being excited and loved by 
someone who didn't just want a fuck.  She wanted to share herself 
with me.  I returned time and time again to that wonderful 
person.  The irony, if that is what you call it, is that once 
when we were in bed at our house and John walked in.  He was so 
furious that he hasn't tried to get in bed with me since!"

      Raising my head, I looked at this lovely person, actually 
looking very sexy there, half laying on her side, one knee 
raised, spreading apart her legs, so that I could see the deep 
gap of her short-shorts.  I could not help but see the narrow 
piece of the crotch of her underpanties.  When she knew I was 
watching, she reached down with her free hand, and gently pushed 
aside that thin material.  With a groan, in dismay or desire, I 
couldn't tell, I wondered at her vagina, the first one I has seen 
outside of my own.  Her body, still gleaming from the day's 
perspiration, was like polished alabaster.  She sat up and 
shrugged out of her tiny T-shirt, leaned backward, lifting her 
sexy hips and hooking her thumbs into the elastic of her shorts, 
shoved them down past her knees and kicked them away from her.  

      I felt a most unusual and unexpected, surge of hot feeling 
deep in my loins.

      Joyce's body was now completely naked before me.  And for
     the first time in my life I was really looking at one of the
     Nature's greatest works of art.  She wore her hair fairly 
short,
     and it gave her face a very innocent look, her eyes were 
large, the pupils, a deep brown, that when they glinted made me 
think of some of the sexy things I used to dream about.  She had 
a small nose and her lips were passionately full and ripe and 
rich.  They glistened as I watched her tongue dart out from 
between her lips and cover them with a sheen of saliva.  

      I saw her breasts, while not large, were exquisitely formed 
and so firm, that the flesh covering them looked as if it were 
stretched to the tearing point, shining like the finish on a 
freshly waxed apple.  But what I really noticed about those 
breasts were those magnificent nipples.  Large, very large, they 
were sticking out like large pencil erasers, almost straight up 
in the air.  As she again leaned towards me, I saw that those 
firm orbs hardly moved, staying tight to her body.  I marveled at 
her narrow waist, which I was sure John could put his hands 
around.  And just below that I saw her belly button, and I felt 
myself wanting to kiss that button, and tease it with my tongue.  
Her stomach was hard and flat and as she moved I could see the 
many muscles of her lower belly flexing and contracting.  She 
looked so sexy that I felt a sudden urge to reach out and touch 
her, her body.

      With her legs still spread apart, I saw the deep curve that 
showed me how her soft labia gently curved down between her legs, 
into the shadow.  I watched as the long, strong muscles of her 
loins 'jerked' and convulsed.

      It was quite simple, and natural, for me to look up between 
her silky thighs and see the seat of our mutual desire, the 
delicate victim of John's brutality.  

      Then she began to sing, more a soft delicate sing-song type 
of humming or murmuring.  It was fascinating, even sexy.  

      I lay still and close my eyes, hypnotized by her sensuous 
humming.

      It began as a light, almost unfelt touch.  Still, it sent 
shock waves through my body.  As the feeling of pleasure faded, I 
tried to bring myself back to reality, tried to remember where 
Joyce had touched me.  I couldn't.  What was she doing that 
caused me to feel this way.  Whatever it was, I did not want her 
to stop.

      She touched me again.  This time, I knew.  I felt my 
nipples react to the light caress of her fingers.  A feeling of 
warmth began to spread across my breast and down toward the 
flatness of my stomach.  I could feel my nipples swelling as my 
body accepted her offerings.

      Suddenly, my body arched upward.  I had no control over 
that reaction.  Juices once again began to flow from my vagina as 
Joyce slowly drew her finger up between the lips of my labia.  I 
was frozen.  I lost total track of time as I felt my clitoris 
being stroked very, very tenderly.  It seemed like she was only 
moving in one direction, taking me higher.  The caressing did not 
stop, or reverse direction.  I did not want it to.  I could feel 
the juices flowing out of me making a warm soggy puddle beneath 
my tense bottom.  I could smell my own scent in the room.  It was 
not as unpleasant as I had remembered when I masturbated alone.  
It almost smelled of perfume.  Breathing deeply, I allowed myself 
to be led higher.

      Her finger continued to cautiously drift across my 
clitoris.  She was moving as slowly as she could, trying to 
prolong the feeling for me.  She wanted to do nothing, but please 
me, I could feel it.  If there was anything that could be done 
for my body to feel good, she would do it.

      I could not see her move, but I felt her shift her body.  I 
felt a warm breathing on my breast, on my abdomen, on my legs, on 
my genitals.  Now her gentle fingers were replaced with her soft 
warm tongue.  

      I rolled my head from side to side on the pillow.  I felt 
no need to guide Joyce, she seemed to anticipate my every desire 
even before I felt it.

      "Ooooooooohhhhhhh, God, yes!!!!," I screamed as her tongue 
danced across my clit.  She drove harder at my yearning, flowing 
vagina.  As she licked up and down the lips and around my swollen 
little clitoris the thought that I was really enjoying my first 
orgasm from a woman did not enter my mind.  

      Joyce ever so gently started to rub her finger around that 
little puckered rosebud.  I cried out again, "OOOH!  OOOH!  OOOH!  
I never knew.  That feels so good.  OOOH!  Don't stop, I feel so 
tingly, so sexy, so needed, so wonderful." 

      She moved her other hand up to take my straining nipples 
into her sensitive fingers and roll them around.  All the while 
she was gently licking my swollen labia getting all of that sweet 
nectar she could.  

      Then her finger began to gentle probe and withdraw from my 
beckoning vagina.  I reached up and searched for Joyce's nipples, 
which stood out like ripe berries and were so hard, sitting atop 
those luscious soft mounds of creamy alabaster.  A bolt of 
electricity surged through me as I touched them.  Her breasts 
were so beautiful I wanted to bury my face in them and cover them 
with kisses.  

      Involuntarily, my hips began to heave in time with her 
cautious investigates.  She became braver and gradually started 
to move her fingers in and out slowly half twisting them with 
each stroke.  Shoving her face hard against my wet genitals she 
took that swollen clit into her lips and gently pulled and gently 
sucked.  After a few nearly unbearable moments she graduated to a 
more persistent hard sucking, and then light again, alternately.  
She gently massaged first one nipple then the other.  

      "AAAAAAAAH!!!  OOH, I feel so hot.  I'm going to do it!  
YYEESSS!  NOW!!  I'M CCCUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMIIIINNNGGGGGGGGR," I 
blurted out.  I arched my back extending my woman-hood to Joyce's 
receptive mouth.  I was out of control, bucking and humping 
vigorously all over the bed.  Joyce buried her face into my pussy 
and sucked hard, lapping up all my bodily juices.  Then she 
quickly placed her fingers on my heaving buttocks, sliding them 
around until the penetrated my crack and shoved her finger deep 
into my anus.

      All went black as I felt myself tumble into space more real 
than imaginary.  The euphoria was like I had never experienced 
with a man before.  It began in my genitals and swiftly engulfed 
my whole body giving me what could only be described as a 
wonderful electric shock, not painful, just ecstatic, and 
continuous and all-fulfilling.

      After an eternity, as I slowly returned to earth, Joyce 
withdrew.  She moved up my tense, flat stomach licking and 
nipping.  As she reached her face she covered my mouth with her 
own, parting the lips and inserting her tongue deep into my 
mouth.  I responded with my own, battling back, striving to 
return a fraction of the joy she had just imparted to me.  

      "Now, Alice, I want you to do as you like with me.  Don't 
be afraid.  You won't hurt me.  Just take your time.  My body is 
yours to do as you will," Joyce whispered.

      Looking into those large brown eyes, I reached up and 
started to cup one of her exquisitely lovely breasts.  I ran my 
forefinger over the nipple which instantly sprang out hard and 
round.  As I began to knead and stroke those precious globes, I 
rolled her over onto her back and began kissing her from her 
delicate face down to her heavenly breasts, and slowly further.

      The pungent scent of Joyce's moist vagina wafted up to me, 
but it was not disagreeable, it was like the fragrance of roses.  
I dallied lovingly around her lovely labia, examining each 
delightful fold and valley.  I could hear moaning in time to my 
searching.  She gradually began a mournful wail that started deep 
in her loins and rose until it reached a crescendo as I finally 
submerge my face into her yearning womanhood and desperately 
searched for the epitome of her sensuality with my inadequate 
tongue.  I so longed for a penis of the size of John to delve and 
flirt and play.  But, alas.

      Suddenly, she clamped her lovely legs around my head and 
gave an ear-piercing scream, and lay limp, spent.

      I crawled up to lay on her sweet body, to share my new-
found oral treasures with her.  

      We lay passively, spent, happily for many, many moments in 
each others arms, before she finally stirred.  "Alice, that was 
wonderful." With that she slowly curled her lovely legs up over 
my back, squeezing my abdomen hard against hers.  Her hips began 
a slow, deliberate rhythmic rocking as if she was responding to a 
man entering her.

      "God, Joyce, I wish I had a cock to fuck you with," I 
whispered.  But her only response was a gentle beatific smile as 
she rolled her eyes up into her head gave an agonizingly deep 
groan of passion and orgasmed once again, as our mons and bodies 
blended into one.

      "But I do," Steve moaned from the doorway.

      I should hate you for lying with a woman, Alice, but I 
could never stop loving you.  You know that.  Why are you doing 
this? Why?"

      "Steve, listen to me.  This has been an unbelievable day 
for me.  Don't be angry at me, share my joy with me, please.  
Come here, Steve," I cried.

      Steve slowly, reluctantly came over to us.  Joyce quietly 
slipped out of bed, only now noticing her nakedness.  Steve let 
her go without a glance.  "God, he must really love me to not 
even give that beautiful body a second glance," I thought as he 
sat down next to me.

      With tears streaming down my face I began to tell him of 
all, well, not all, I omitted John's participation, for Steve's 
sake, the happenings.  

      He looks down at me, kindly, with tears of his own and 
says, with great courage, "Alice, I know I cannot keep up with 
your sexual desires.  I try as hard as I can, but I just can't 
seem to.  I don't want you to be unsatisfied, but I couldn't bear 
it if you made love to another man, I'm sorry.  Forgive me, 
please, Alice."

      We held each other for a few long, deep minutes.  Only when 
the spell-breaking sound of Joyce's toilet flushing broke the 
stillness did either of us speak.  He whispered in my ear, "Well, 
I guess I can't be jealous of a woman, and it seems silly to be 
jealous of a dog.  Was he any good?" 

      Before I could respond, he added, "Maybe I should buy one 
for you.  Would you like one?"

      With a cried of joy, I reached up to hug that big 
delightful man and say, "No, Steve, you are all I really want."

      Steve held me for an instant, then stiffened.  Abruptly, 
almost in anger he pulled my arms from him and with sort of a 
scowl, stood up.  I fell clumsily back onto the still-damp bed.

      "Don't go, Steve.  Please don't leave me," I begged.

      But he seemed to be deaf to my pleading as he sneered, 
"I'll do whatever I damn well please, Alice."

      "Damn!  Why did I tell him about that damned dog.  Maybe he 
could have accepted Joyce," I thought as I dissolved in tears, 
clutching the pillow to my face in my anguish.

      Quiet steps faded, punctuated by the punctuation of the 
door catch "click." I could do nothing, but lay there and sob in 
my misery.  "Steve, gone!  My whole life gone!" 

      Almost immediately I felt the presence of a warm body first 
leaning over me and then kneeling next to me, causing the 
mattress to flex.  "Go to hell, Joyce.  Can't you see what you've 
done....  And me, too, sorry," I muttered.

      But Joyce didn't see fit to leave for I felt her warm hand 
rest on my butt.  Her hand rested there, unwelcome, but warm, 
and, almost, rough.

      In irritation I started to roll over, but I felt myself in 
an iron grip.  This was not Joyce!  As I felt myself being 
crushed under the weight of a heavy male!  body, I cried, "No, 
Jo...," but before I could get the words out a hand shoved the 
pillow back into my face.  

      Hot breath caught the back of my neck and ear, along with 
the words, "Whatever I want, is this." And I felt my legs being 
pried apart by a sexually driven man.  His stout and rock hard 
cock fell against my bottom.

      "Steve!" gushed from my smothered mouth.

      "Quiet, Love.  Joyce is still around somewhere.  I just 
can't stand seeing your beautiful body lying here without wanting 
to join with it, and you.  I want to be inside of you, a part of 
you, one with you.  I want to be slow and follow you along the 
long, long trail to ecstacy, but my body is out of control.  
Forgive me, Wonderful Alice.  Forgive me."

      A flood of passion enveloped me once again.  It felt like 
it had been in limbo.  It rushed upon me with all of the fury of 
a tempest.  Already I was higher than I had been, even with John, 
who never let me climax, or with Joyce.  Or even when Steve and I 
used to make mad passionate love at home with no worries from the 
kids.  In one fraction of a second I was sailing beyond my 
greatest fantasies.

      I could do nothing with Steve lying on me, but I didn't 
have to, even though I wanted to roll over and hold him close to 
me.  His hand had released the pillow and along with the other 
one had slipped around to my yearning breasts and were like 
little children at play.  He hadn't done that in years.  

      Then his knees slipped under my thighs and raised my belly 
off the bed a few inches.  As I lifted I felt his manhood slip 
down beneath me until it rested comfortably in my labia, just 
snuggling up to my warmth.  Very deliberately he began to stroke 
in and out rubbing that delightful organ against my clitoris, 
sending me beyond my wildest dreams.  I wanted to hold myself so 
we could cum together, but it was on me before I could do 
anything.  It was utterly unbelievable.  Over and over I tumbled 
in the heavens, awash in sensual fluids, enveloped in sweet 
scents, sensations cursing through my body that were truly 
obscene, truly wonderful, truly of God.  All went black, then 
red, then white, then all colors of the rainbow.

      Still he repeated his ministering to my privates.  Feeling, 
caressing, loving.  The pounding in my ears drowned the sweet 
nothing pouring in them from his honeyed lips.  I could breath no 
more.  "I am dying," I thought.  But I didn't care.  I see what 
God has in store for me in the next life.  It couldn't be better 
than this.  "I'm coming, Lord.  I'm coming," I cried.

      Somewhere along about this time, be carefully abandoned his 
penile stroking and clumsily began searching for that Holy Grotto 
of Love.  Steve had never made love to anyone like this so it was 
a new experience for him.  But it hardly made any difference, as 
his mind and body were miles apart.  His mind was far, far away 
with Alive on her guided tour of God's Heaven; his body was 
flailing away, thrusting against yielding flesh desperately 
searching for the wonderful entrance to Nirvana.  Somewhere in 
the far reaches of reality, Steve could feel his seminal fluid 
begin that irrepressible, unstoppable journey to the promised 
land.  No where in his repertoire did he have the wherewithal to 
prevent this happening, try as he might.

      But God is gentle with true lovers.  In what seemed like a 
fraction of a second, but was in reality over ten minutes, 
Steve's massive erection not only found Alice's craving and 
joyously receptive vagina, but plunged its way to its very holy 
depths, withdrew, just to tease the human participants, descended 
again, teased, plunged, teased, plunged,...

      Both Alice and Steve, figuratively, lay back in their own 
reverie and applauded their beautifully formed bodies perform 
like no other lovers had ever done.  

      A twinge of pain tingled Steve's gonads.  With an unearthly 
groan, Steve poured, no, shot his very soul into the eagerly 
awaiting receptacle of Alice.  Their bodily fluids mingled just 
as their souls were doing already.

      All Joyce could do, having been an admiring observer for 
the last twenty minutes was playfully bring herself to a climax, 
piteously insignificant compared to those she had just shared 
with Alice.  With a moan of anguish, she reached down to gently 
clutch Steve's churning testicles and simultaneously gently place 
the other worshiping hand on Alice's turgid clit.  "God, that 
must have been good," she wondered out loud to deaf ears.

      She stood admiring and envying the two for several minutes 
before sighing and leaving the room.  She thought, "If John 
hadn't left for the mainland, I might just have given him another 
chance.  I wonder if I could get Steve to screw me.  Naw, 
probably not.  But maybe I'll try.  He sure is good."

      But Joyce abandoned the two exhausted lovers too soon.  

      Steve was the first to float back to the harsh real-world.  
Still feeling the tingling from the delightful exertions, he 
whispered, "I love you, Alice.  I love the way you make love, 
but, Alice, I love you for what and who you are.  I love you 
because you are kind and gentle and caring and nice.  I could 
never love another like I love you, Alice, nor would I want to.  
Can we keep this forever?"

      Well, how do you reply to this? Here is the one person in 
the universe I love more than all others.  Here is a fantastic 
lover and wonderful friend.  The only words that could be used in 
response.  in my book, were these: "I love you, Steve.  I want 
you, Steve."

      But I did not have the chance, for to my amazement, Steve 
pulled his still erect and throbbing cock out of my vagina and 
whispered in a hoarse voice, "I want you, Alice, NOW!"

      He carefully rolled off of me, I supposed so that he could 
turn me over.  As I roll over he reached out with his strong arms 
and pulls me over to him, and says, "I don't have the strength to 
do it anymore, Dear Alice, but the desire is sure still here."

      Like high school kids in the back seat of a car, we 
wrestled and thrashed around.  The sensations of out electric 
bodies contacting and rubbing sent sparks coursing through us.  
After a few moments of aimless, but delightful, tussling, we 
found ourselves sitting upright cross-legged in front of each 
other, but teetering on the edge of the bed.

      Steve, taking advantage of his superior strength, grabbed 
me by the shoulders and held me still.  

      "Stop, Alice, I just want to soak up some of your exquisite 
beauty, " he murmured.  Those were sure welcome words to me, but 
it almost seemed all of his beauty that I wanted to soak up was 
between his crossed legs.

      "God made a mistake when he failed to design us to make 
mad, passionate love remotely so we could see the beauty of the 
human body," he said.

      Speechless, I just smiled a silly grin at him.  

      Steve reached out to gently cup my small, but turgid, 
breasts in his warm hands.  I extended my hand and caressed his 
nipples.  We kissed, a slow, fervent kiss.  Cautiously, at first, 
our tongues explored, as our hands softly and hesitantly 
meandered among the newly discovered hills and valleys of each 
other.  Our nipples stood at rigid attention, straining towards 
each other.  He paused a moment to delicately plant a warm, moist 
kiss on each sweet breast.  Our fingers continued to enjoy their 
romped resembling children at play.

      One of his hands crept up to stroke my hair and fell 
lovingly to gently massage my shoulders and back of my neck; the 
other stole lower to my delicate, satiny smooth, creamy white 
inner thigh and delicately inched to my pubic area, rich in 
erotic senses.  It was still dripping wet with his seminal 
fluids.  He gently traced the contours of my pubic mound and 
tangled his fingers lovingly in the hair.  He tenderly frolicked 
over the mons and cautiously ventured further.

      My hands, far from idle, caressed his chest and arms and 
followed the soft fur down towards the deep and dark nether 
regions.  As I reached the mound of soft hair surrounding his 
penis, which seemed to be preparing to explode from the violence 
stored inside.  Even then it grew and expanded more as I amazed.  
It was a quivering rod, proud and majestic, upright in the forest 
for all to behold and admire.  I had never seen it so big, even 
in bygone years.  My finger traced the edges of the glans around 
and followed it up to the closed orifice.  Oh, so, gently I 
lifted his forbidding penis up and looked it head on.  My fingers 
then touched a large serpentine vein and followed it full length, 
wondering lazily as I went.  When I reached the root, the source 
of the enormous organ's strength, I extended my hand until I 
totally enveloped the rigid staff.  The other hand stole down 
still lower to the testicles.  In the heat of passion they were 
loose and pliable, yet amazing full considering what they had 
just expended.  As I valiantly tried to capture and hold one 
Steve caused me to start.

      He had found my clitoris, my blood-rich bud, flower, seat 
of driving passion, but not until after he had deliciously sought 
the hidden depths of my creamy pink vagina, the love-shrine.  His 
fluids, unknowingly added to John's torrent, was the perfect 
moistener, lubricator, for his touch.  With exquisite care and 
tenderness he surrounded my exquisitely sensitive flower and 
caressed every crevice and tip.  

      I gave a reflex intake as he reached the tip.  My moans 
were equalled only by his.  Steve dallied with trembling hand as 
shivers of passion waved through my starving body.

      Together we lavished joyful touch upon tender touch on each 
other as we shared this exquisitely lovely and passionate moment.  
As our soft and gentle frolicking continued our breathing meshed 
into one.  

      Imperceptibly we clung to each other.  At no time did our 
eyes wander from each other, save the instant of that first touch 
of my clitoral tip, being constantly focused on our finger's 
meandering, awed by the innocent and sweet "children" at play in 
their enchanted meadow.

      As one we looked at each other as if to verify that our 
time was now.  The electricity of the moment was awesome.

      Our eyes again dropped as I tried to untangled my legs.  As 
I struggled, one of Steve's hands caressed of my neck and back, 
the other alternated between his tender stroking of my clitoris 
and sensitive probing of my warm cave of joyful love.  

      I couldn't leave that moment.  I stopped trying to extract 
myself and reached down once again with one hand reached around 
Steve's back and pulled him closer, with the other I resumed that 
delightful game of tag with his testes.  

      As passion overtook us I slipped my hand up once more to 
his turgid, pulsing penis and as Steve gently opened my vagina I 
allowed the softly rounded head to run around the lips ever 
perceptually creeping closer to the warm, dark cave, as my 
flowing juices graciously covered the magnificently erect crown.  

      We both watched in utter amazement as the now self-
activated penis followed the lead shown him.  With faint help 
from either of us the splendid shaft slowly sank out of sight.  
As if watching departing friends, we gave pause when he was 
totally immersed inside of me.  

      It had never felt like this with Steve before.  I had 
thought that making love to Steve had left no new ground to 
cover.  Oh, how wrong I was.  This was a totally different world.  
Not only was his penis significantly bigger it seemed to give off 
a sensation in my womb like he, or no man, had ever done before.  
It wasn't heat or electricity or anything that I could put into 
words.  But it was exquisite.

      Only then did we look up to gaze into each other's eyes.  
It was a moment we both wished we could have preserved forever.  
I thought, "Darn, now, the best part is over?" Little did I know.

      We snuggled closer, remaining locked, totally engaged.  

      Obviously he intended to pull me over on him, but the 
initial movement sort of broke the moment.  When I felt that 
intense penis shift slightly inside of me I writhed in ecstacy 
and uttered a delighted squeal.  

      We fell to one side and in the ensuing, but delectable, 
struggle his legs slip off the bed.  He reached up and with his 
strong arms pulls me down to his chest, planting a moist, 
passionate kiss on my lips.  His flamboyant tongue snaked into my 
mouth to determinedly wander and search, just as his stallion-
cock explored my vagina.

      My legs were nearly off the bed so I pulled them up until 
they were just below Steve's armpits.  This sudden movement 
caused him to slip out of me.  We both gasped simultaneously.  I 
tried to recover by slipping back on him, but his cock had jerked 
uncontrollable at the same instant I had lowered myself and I 
wound up resting my still dripping genitals on his flat hard 
abdomen.  

      I could feel his unbelievably turgid penis pulsing against 
my butt.  The old Steve was no spring chicken and for a long time 
now we have had to wait several hours between love sessions 
before he could get another erection.  I liked this new Steve.

      Taking a hint from his previous actions I snuggled my pubes 
down against swollen cock.

      I leaned up so that I was kneeling over him and reached 
down to fondle his cock once more.  But this time I pulled up and 
hunched back down over Steve resting my pubes on his cock, now.  
I could feel every manly inch of it stretched out along my 
perineum and labia.  It shoved against me with an astonishing 
ferocity.  It took almost my entire body weight to press it 
against Steve's belly.  His grunt of pain caused me to ease up 
and allow it to rise a little.  

      I wanted Steve in me more than I have ever wanted anything 
before, but I have always been a tease.  I guess my true nature 
took hold, because I slowly began a sensual undulation up and 
down along his distended cock.  At the end of each stroke I could 
feel him jerk, obviously battling to gain entry to the home we 
had so lovingly prepared.  

      I was no longer master of my own body.  It became seized 
with a passion far outweighing anything it had seen before and 
stroked that colossal organ until Steve was out of his mind.  My 
labial lips hungrily enfolded that monster.  The sensitive inner 
surface snesseled over each turgid vein.  The feeling was like 
none I had ever felt before.  

      I could have continued like this for hours, but poor Steve 
was obviously panicking.  He struggled to get me off of him, but 
since he was half off the bed he couldn't get any leverage.  

      If the situation had been different I would have laughed 
out loud.  I was virtually raping Steve, as close to masturbating 
him as you can get, something he never would have allowed.  I was 
controlling the events.  I was dominating.  All of this being 
perpetrated by a woman who needed to be dominated.  I was the one 
who wanted Steve to fuck all the time, but I had to convince him 
so that he would "take" me.  I was an enigma.  Well, Steve wanted 
to screw me now and I wouldn't let him.  I couldn't help myself.

      That is, I couldn't, but someone else could.  I felt a 
gentle and warm, but resolute hand on each hip, slowly lift me up 
until Steve's magnificent cock sprang to attention beneath me.  I 
held the position for a moment as the hands left me.  I couldn't 
help but follow Steve's eyes as he looked down between us.  

      There was Joyce's sensitive hand curled around Steve's 
erection trying to guide it to my awaiting vagina.  I couldn't 
help noticing that that was not all she was doing, however.  To 
truly guide it in place she would have to hold her hands still 
and push or pull it the right way.  Her hands were slowly moving 
up and down the shaft and only slightly pushing it up towards me.  

      I glanced in apprehension at Steve, figuring he would have 
a bird, but his facial expression did not show the slightest sign 
of concern.  

      We both heard, but ignored, Joyce whispering, "God, it 
feels so good.  It is so hard and hot.  Mmmmmmmmm"

      One hand slowly released its grip and slid up to rest on 
the glans.  She gentle massaged it as Steve groaned in seeming 
agony.  

      "Put it in quickly.  I can't hold much longer," he moaned.

      Jerking to reality, Joyce again grasped that horse-cock and 
forced it forward and place her other hand on my butt to 
encourage me to lower myself.  Her guidance was not limited to 
pressing me down either, for it was in constant motion caressing 
and kneading and searching.

      "Now," she cried, "Take him now."

      Trusting fully her judgement I fell heavily on Steve and 
felt his immenseness enter and be engorged by my ripe vagina.  
The sensation was delicious.  I faintly heard Joyce gasp in 
encouragement.  I knew her hand, not still on my rear, and I 
found out later that she continued to stroke Steve's cock on the 
up stroke and knead his testicles when he was inside of me.  (We 
did thank her, by the way, but it was later, much later, but that 
is another story.)

      I was not slow or gentle, I was possessed and wanted to 
feel him violating my body with his organ.  I pushed hard against 
him and felt his hardness fill me.  Oh, the sensations were 
coming fast now.  I moved up and down almost off completely and 
rammed down again.  He may have felt I was in danger of hurting 
one or both of us with my movements as he gently took hold of my 
hips and began guiding me to a slower motion.  That too was 
wonderful.  My muscles began to tighten even more around his 
member when he was buried in me.  

      My motions were not just up and down either, but 
horizontally forward and backwards, and sideways, and around in a 
circle.  It was exquisitely difficult to raise off of him, to 
allow his prick to leave my yearning vagina, so I lifted slowly 
as I moved my hips backwards allowing his withdrawing cock to 
contact deliciously with my clitoris.  The sensations were 
unspeakable.  When fully withdrawn I would then fiercely ram down 
and forwards onto him again allowing him to careen manfully back 
to the hilt.  

      Once I was fully engorged with him I would rest on him and 
wiggle my hips a second feeling him lurch and pulse inside.  
Ahhhhhhhhhhh.  Would that this great joy would never end.

      The tightening spasms became more angry and forceful and I 
knew I had totally surrendered to this animal act.  I must have 
made incoherent sounds as my whole body began to shake with a 
very powerful orgasm.  Surely he was getting very close, too.  He 
again tried to slow the pace, but I had this feeling that if we 
slowed, then it would end, whereas if we continued at this 
desperate tempo it could last forever.  

      But I also wanted to feel him explode his hot sperm deep 
inside of me.  I wanted to feel his pleasure and know that there 
was unbelievable magic here for him, too.  If I could have 
stepped aside and surveyed the situation I would never have felt 
that doubt, but it was impossible for me, at that time, to 
believe that there was any pleasure left available to anyone else 
in the entire world.  

      My vaginal muscles tighten on him, seemingly to strangle 
the very vitality from him, but his erection seemed not only to 
survive, but thrive on the super-human forces I was involuntarily 
exerting on him.

      I vainly wanted him to join me in this expression and 
experience of love created by God for just the two of us, but I 
still felt alone.  How could this be shared? I desperately wanted 
to milk his climax, emanating from his burgeoned testicles and 
driven outward into me, to be directed at the very center of his 
being as well as mine.

      From somewhere out in the earthly world I could 
imperceptibly hear voices, one was high and feminine, moaning in 
a singsong fashion in perfect unison with our flailing and the 
soft stroking on my lower back and buttocks and thighs (and 
elsewhere), and the other was a low rumbling groan from Steve 
expressing in no uncertain terms that he wanted to join me, but 
couldn't.  The only real words I could comprehend were, "Wait for 
me" and "Help me," both uttered with a pathetic desperation that 
would have brought tears to mortals, if there were any present.

      I vaguely sensed a change, as Joyce's tender hands 
disappeared.  I scarcely would have noticed, except almost 
immediately I felt another warm body descend on me as I was 
pumping away.  This body was warm and alive and heavy and ...  
hairy.  It was Jake.

      Later, Joyce explained that Jake had returned to the scene 
of his earlier conquest, apparently drawn by the scent of lust.  
It took little imagination on her part to figure a way for the 
obviously willing stud to join the fun, although she said she was 
tempted to take him for herself.  It also took little 
encouragement on her part to assist Jake up and over my backside.

      For an instant I was afraid the spell had been broken as 
the huge dog, not being the gentleman that Steve was, set upon 
his task with not the faintest hint of tact.  His erection, no 
doubt assisted by Joyce, who was probably getting into practice 
for some future exercise, was apparent immediately.  The already 
familiar stanchion began immediately to poke and stab at my firm 
backside, and none too cautiously.  Steadying hands finally 
guided that dripping rod to that abode that would proceed to work 
miracles on the poor beleaguered Steve and would drive me to even 
higher reaches.

      It was clear that Steve didn't know what was going on for 
as soon as Jake had penetrated my anus to his fullest, it must 
have taken him all of two awful strokes, he grunted out, "My God 
Alice, what are you doing? You are going to drive me insane.  You 
are going to kill me.  I can't take any more.  I am dying.  I am 
cumming.  Aaaaggghhhhhhhh."

      But it was not quite over, but almost.  The fluid noises of 
their combined juices, a slight bed-centered squeak and their 
passionate breathing were the only sounds.

      Precisely on cue their breathing became more like grunts 
and groans as the heated motion of their bodies became more 
spontaneous and impulsive and less restrained.

      As their exertion approached the agonizing stage the 
sensuous groans became a constant barrage of erotic and carnal 
grunts.  I attempted to control our fantastic thrusts, just to 
make them linger, but to no avail.  

      I grunted both in satisfaction and exertion.  It was on me.  
That terrible, terrible climax of all of our Holy exertions was 
upon me.  For an instant my body stopped in mid motion, Steve's 
bursting cock rested with the glans just tucked against my labia, 
Jake still pumping like the mad dog he was at that instant.  I 
felt a brilliant blinding radiance shine down on me as my vagina 
contracted around Steve's glans virtually forcing it out.  Was 
this how it was going to end? 

      In that instant, when I thought all was lost, Steve let out 
a deafening roar and he pulled me down on him.  My vagina 
relaxed, cooperatively for that split second, and I felt him 
surge and swell.  Simultaneously, with a piteous cry Jake forced 
himself deep to the brooding depths of my colon and ejaculated 
with an astounding force that shook my bowels, and then, 
immediately began to swell.

      As I felt his surging penis erupt with a fiery inferno that 
must be called Mons St.  Alice, Steve vented another monstrous 
and guttural primeval cry.  I unsuccessfully fought an urge to 
scream, as a shrill wail of ecstacy bubbled from my lips along 
with the cry, "Oh, no, God!  Don't let it be finished!  Bring it 
back." 

      Our simultaneous cataclysmic orgasm gushed.  An enormous 
mass of semen, seemingly Steve's total life's energy, spewed 
forth to penetrate every cranny.  As he strove to extract the 
last vital drop in me.  Our juices became too much to hold; our 
virtual life fluids flowed freely over us and the bed.

      It felt like forever as he, no, they, spurted repeatedly, 
endlessly, each ejaculation as potent as the previous.  

      My only distinguishable words were a heart-felt prayer, 
"Ooooh mmmyyyyyy Gooooddddddd, thank you!!!"

      My prayer of thanks was answered with the triggering of a 
second and more startling climax.  A flood of heavenly stars 
rained down on Steve and I as we sailed off forever to God's 
perfect Garden of Love.  

      Life would never be the same for either of us, thank God.  
Until the end of our days we will joyously search for the 
duplication of this unbelievable experience.  What better Heaven 
than this.  With utter joy, we lay spent in each others arms for 
almost forever.

      It makes little difference to the reader if our search for 
a repeat was ever successful.  Fortunately, exploring for it was 
quite worthwhile on its own merit.  Try it some time, my friend.

-- 
