Downloaded from Antares Dawn
24hrs   300/1200/2400   GLB
503.342.5515

.SEVEN IN A BARN .Introduction

.The Characters:

.Bill --- 18, dark hair & eyes, cut .
John --- 21, football player, well .muscled, cut .
Frank -- 19, blond, scandinavian, cut .
Jerry -- 17, dark hair & meyes, stubborn, uncut .
Clyde -- 18, lt. brn. hair, blue eyes, agressive, cut .
Peter -- 19, dark olive latino, very Smooth body, uncut .
Teddy -- 17, red hair, blue eyes, a delectible delight, uncut


	All seven of them had assembled it the barn to form a club--a most
unique club of pleasure. They had all sworn to unconditionally abide by the
rules as made and passed by them, the charter members of the club.

	The seven young men were more or less strangers to each other. Some of
them had come from other towns and were eager to know each other better. None of
them had ever seen any of the others naked, had any intimate contact with them,
or heard tell of how well any of the others were endowed or what their sexual
prowess could be. However, itwas understood by all concerned that such questions
would be answered, but their imaginations would its role until all these things
became reality.

	A leader and a slave would be chosen as a result of a poker game. Each
member would receive three hundred chips. The game would end when one member
lost all his chips. He would be the slave and would have to obey the leader. The
member with the most chips would be the first leader. The leader would direct
the activities of the session and have absolute control over the slave. The
slave would become the leader at the next session and a new poker game would
determine the new slave form the remaining members.

	Frank, a tall blond of about nineteen, had his eyes fixed on a young
red-headed beauty named Teddy, whom he had often seen in town but had never met.
It was fairly obvious that he was thinking of how he would like to get that
kid's prick out of his pants and make him shoot his wad before Frank's very
eyes.

	Several of the other young men had their eyes on John, who was a little
older then the rest and who was a tall football player with broad shoulders and
a marvelous physique. John's shirt was open at the neck and showed a strong
chest and his blue levis looked promising between his legs.

	But John wasn't thinking of all the others who had gathered there, he
was very much impressed by Bill, the boy who had sort of invented the game. Bill
was as beautiful as any boy could be and he looked about eighteen years old, not
so tall, but very well built with dark hair and eyes and a gorgeous set of
straight white teeth that made his grin seem to penetrate. By concidence, Bill
was showing just as much interest in John too, and it excited him to think that
he might be fortunate enough to have a boy so much older, one so much stronger,
unconditionally in his power.

	Shortly the game was in full swing, and at first not much could be said
about the eventual outcome. After a while, however, Bill, the organizer of the
game, and John, the beautiful football player, seemed to be far ahead of the
others. Each had about six hundred chips, but Bill did have a little more than
John. Now the game became more interesting. All the others were nearly out of
chips and Bill and John appeared the have good hands.

	John's mind began to play wonders and he found himself thinking how he
would react if he were to win the game and have Bill under his command. He
studied Bill cautiously, then his hand--four kings--and he felt that Bill could
have nothing better. But John was no fool at the game and he knew better than to
rush his decision as he did want to see Bill place all of his chips on the
table.

	They continued playing the game until each had about one hundred chips
remaining. Finally the moment of decision had come. It was John's turn and he
counted his ninety-eight chips carefully. He put all of in the center of the
table and watched eagerly to see what Bill's reaction would be.

	Bill counted his one hundred and five chips. Meaning, that if he lost,
he would lose all, as the minimum for the next game would be ten and he would
have only seven chips left. But Bill finally shoved his chips to the center of
the table, and it would be only a matter of minutes before the game would be
over and one of them would be declared 'leader'.

	John was excitement personified. Already he felt the lovely tight lips
encircle his cock.He could hardly wait and triumphantly threw down his
hand--four kings!

	He watched Bill, who sighed with relief, and slowly laid open his
hand--a straight flush from the ten of spades on down.

	A profane oath passed through John's lips. Then he pulled himself
together, realizing the circumstances, and said, "Well, Bill, I suppose you have
won."

	Bill remained very calm. "Yes, John, I guess I have. Now you can move
the card table and put the mattress on the floor. You others can sit on the
floor beside me. I'll keep this chair."

SEVEN IN A BARN Chapter 2


	There was little doubt that Bill had won the game and assumed the role
as leader for he issued order after order that the others readily obeyed.

	"You know what the next step is, don't you, John?" he asked.

	"Yes," John answered. " I guess I do." John had already made up his mind
to play the game fairly and squarely. "I'm supposed to announce my loss publicly
and surrender my body to you."

	Bill could not help but smile. "Indeed," he said with a broad grin, "and
in what position, John?"

	"Kneeling on my bare knees."

	"Lovely," Bill replied. "Carry on, baby!"

	In a few moments John's trousers were off and the magnificent physique
of the football player clad only in his jockey shorts and T-shirt. A wave of
excitement went through the other boys, and all eyes were concentrated on the
promising bulge in his shorts, showing a lovely curve, but still covered. They
knew soon he would be instructed to remove even that barrier and then...

	Six erections were evident as a result of the thought, the anticipation,
and excitement as the twenty-one year old knelt before the eighteen year old
leader, who was quietly leaning back in his chair.

	"I've lost the game and you've won," John said. "You have the power over
me, and every part of my body is for you to see and to feel, and I shalltouch
any part of your body you ask me to. I'm here to give you any kind of sensual
pleasure you can think of."

	For a moment it seemed terribly stupid and ridiculous for a twenty-one
year old to be saying such things to another boy, but he knew what he was in for
before the card game had started, and he knew that he wanted sex with Bill more
than any of the other boys.

	"Very well," said Bill. "Now strip! Lie down on the mattress and jack
off for us."

	For a brief moment John hesitated showing himself to all of the
eager-looking lads. Yet he had promised, and if Bill had lost, he would be there
in the same chair dictating the commands and expecting results.

	He stood up and took off his shirt and shorts. There he stood, stark
naked. It was a magnificent sight. The very tall slender body was tanned by the
sun except for the small triangle beneath the navel where bathing trunks had
been. His body tapered from his broad shoulders to his deliciously curved
buttocks. From behind his slender legs decended from the inviting crack. In
front the hairy part under the navel was sex personified.

	The appearance of his glory was not deceiving. The penis, now exposed to
twelve eager eyes, was very large even while still limp. It was long,
circumcised, and well shaped. The crimson head contrasted with the paler shaft.
The balls were full and young and his asshole was covered with an abundance of
soft hair.

	"Now lie down and go to work, John," Bill ordered.

	John laid on the mattress and spread his shaply legs wide apart. He
clamped his right hand around his thick cock, which soon became hard and erect.

The pinched head showed between his thumb on one side and his four fingers on
the other, and with his left hand he stroked himself on the upper part of his
legs to increase his own excitement. He ran a finger through the heavy folds of
flesh and penetrated his own asshole.

	He closed his eyes and his beautiful head shifted ecstatically from left
to right, his mouth hung open. He closed his legs and began to pile-drive his
finger into the tight crevice of his ass and lifted his legs up on his shoulders
so that everybody, particularly Bill, could see what he was doing to himself.
His breathing increased--faster and faster.

	Bill's own cock was jutting upward in his pants, and his breathing
increased tremendously as he watched his slave perform before him.

	"Anyone who has a hardon, take it ut," Bill shouted to the others.

	Five hands disappeared between their legs and the room was filled with
the noise of zippers being opened. The shirts were pulled out of the way and out
came five lovely young cocks, all different in size and shape, but all as hard
as cocks could possibly get.

	"Your balls too," Bill hissed.

	More flesh appeared exposed to the glances of the onlookers.

	Frank looked eagerly toward Teddy, wondering what the handsome youth
could possibly have hanging beneath his navel. He was agreeably satisfied as
Teddy pulled out his huge cock, lovely paper thin foreskin almost covering the
crimson head.

	Jerry, a dark lad of eighteen, ould hardly restrain himself, seeing all
of those cocks exposed, and he nearly climaxed in his hand just thinking of what
could possibly happen when all of those well-hung studs got together.

	Clyde, the boy who was sitting next to Jerry, was especially exciting.
He was a year older than Jerry. He had a cool and resplendent look. Even with
his cock and balls exposed, he seemed to be above the crowd.

	Meanwhile, John continued to play with himself for all he was worth, and
the other lads, showing their generous endowments, had excited him tremendously.
Yet, to his disapointment, Bill, the leader, had made no sign of what he had,
and John couldnot refrain from saying, "Come on, Bill. Aren't you going to show
us your prick?"

	Bill smiled. "Although it is not for you to give the leader orders, I'll
prove to you that I am a good sport." He unzipped his pants and lifted out a set
of magnificent balls and a thick cock. "And to go even further," standing up,
"I'll take off all my clothes. The rest of you follow me--piece by piece."

	He took off his shoes and trousers, and then his shirt and socks, while
at the same time, the other five members were duplicating his actions. Soon
there were six young, hard, virile bodies entirely naked but for their
shorts--behind which hard cocks had disappeared.

	Bill wanted every member to enjoy himself to the fullest. He realized
that if he were the only one to get any fun out of this affair, then the club
would be practically useless to the others.

	"Okay," he called out, "everyone stick his hand inside another guy's
shorts. The first hand in wins. One-two-three!"

SEVEN IN A BARN Chapter 3


	Immediately on the count of three, Jerry's hand disappeared inside of
Clyde's shorts, afraid that Clyde would stick his hand in first. Frank took
Teddy. Soon they formed a circle as each one was playing with another guy's
cock.

	Peter, the Italian beauty, had been watching Bill all of this time in
silent admiration. He lost no time getting his hand on Bill's cock before anyone
else had a chance to get to the leader.

	After they had played as much as they could stand for a while, they
began to reach deeper and deeper until they felt the now excited assholes.

	"Take off the other boy's shorts," Bill commanded. There couldn't have
been a more welcome command. After a little pulling, six entirely naked bodies
appeared.

	All of these activities had excited John, who was still lying on the
mattress. He knew that if he were to on he would surely shoot his load very
soon. Bill noticed this and said, "Well, guys, before you start playing with
each other, let's have a good look at John and watch him as he has his climax."

	John became more excited than ever, especially when he saw Bill naked
and with an erection. The entire lower part of John's body, especially between
his legs, seemed afire. He had masturbated often, but never in such surroundings
as these.

	His hand went faster and faster. The head of his cock seemed to swell
and become redder and redder. His left hand was buried between his legs and he
tossed his body right and left. His legs were spread wide apart. He added to his
sensations by streaching his muscles and wiggling his butt. His sighs became
groans as he kept his eyes glued to Bill's pick.

	Bill, noticing the continual stare, opened his legs as wide as he could,
slightly playing with himself and letting gorgeous penis sway back and forth
like a magic wand guarding his luscious testicles.

	John felt his load about ready to shoot. He pinched the head of his cock
so that it was flat between his fingers. He screamed out, "I'm cumming! Oh, I'm
cumming--ohhhhhh!" His entire body now began to convulse. His legs vibrated up
and down. A white stream of hot liquid appeared between his fingers, but still
he pinched the head of his cock as if wanting to keep the male juice back and
prolong the orgasm. Then he lay quiet, his large hands by his sides. A little
more liquid oozed out, dripping onto the hard muscled stomach and flowed into
his navel.

	All of this managed to excite the six spectators beyond measure. The
stood transfixed with their tongues hanging out.

	Jerry, who was next to Clyde, came closer to him. He had to have his
climax, and he wanted to make Clyde have his at the same time.

	But Clyde cooly told Jerry, "Only if your take it in your mouth."

	Jerry hesitated. He had never done this before and his whole body seemed
to shake. Clyde's naked body was so close to him and he could feel the bobbing
erection touching his lips.

	"All right," Clyde said, "if you don't want to do it, Peter will."

	"No no, I'll do it," Jerry said and soon Clyde's male organ was buried
deep in Jerry's mouth and Jerry reached between his own legs to stroke his own
excited meat, something which Peter, Frank, and Teddy were already doing to each
other.

	The tall blond Frank asked Teddy if he could brown him. Teddy answered
that he had never been browned and he didn't know if he could take it. But he
readily volunteered his virgin butt for the try.

	Peter, the italian boy, and Bill were the only ones left, but Bill had
made up his mind that he was going to save himself for his slave, John. Bill
wanted his first affair with the handsome football player to be a thorough one,
so he would alow nothing to be done to himself. Yet he did fall to his knees and
began to suck Peter's proffered penis.

	Shivers raced up and down the olive skin of Peter and far down to his
prick which he stabbed deeply into Bill's waiting, wanting mouth. Bill's hands
ran softly over the boy's body, over his spine, his legs, his armpits, and his
anal opening. The all-engulfing feeling welled up in his penis and he seemed
tobe floating on air. His anus opened and closed with spasmodic motions. He
could not understand what was happening. It was so different from what he felt
when he jerked himself off.

	The clever tongue went on and on, teasing, curling itself around the
cock head and up under the foreskin at the exact spot where the seat of pleasure
seemed to be. Then he felt the gushing of his manliness spurting out in a hot
stream, giving him the most delicious feeling he had ever had.

	Bill's mouth was filled with sperm, but he didn't seem to care. He loved
the feeling of the squirming lad in front of him and did not stop until the last
drop of the white hot liquid had come out and Peter relaxed with a sigh.

	Frank was near orgasm too. Teddy's hole was adapting itself marvalously
to this kind of sex, and Frank was very excited feeling this young naked body
under him, the body he had so often desired.

	Teddy, who had at first felt a strange pain as Frank's cock entered his
ass, was now enjoying it. Furthermore, Frank's clever hands gave his prick the
most delicious massage it had ever had, and the red-haired youth knew that he
could not hold back very much longer and that he would soon shoot his load. He
groaned, his cock thickened and expanded even more, and Frank understood the
reason for the change.

	"All right," Frank hissed, "let's try to finish together."

	Furiously they worked their bodies together and, just when Frank felt he
could fuck no longer without shooting his wad, Teddy started to breathe faster
and cried, "I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Quick! Please, Frank!" And at the same
tone he was attempting to find Frank's mouth with his. Their tongues
intertwined. The most delicious feeling came the heads of their cocks and a
large quantity semen tried to force its way out as Teddy tried to close his anal
opening tighter around Frank's slippery penis. This multiplied his pleasures a
hundred-fold.

	The humping of Frank's firey meat in his asshole, Frank's tongue in his
mouth, and the rubbing of his cock by Frank's adept hands were too much for
Teddy. The tickling feeling in his ass became too strong for words to
describe--he shot his load--he came--wow! Did he cum!

	In the meantime, with John again playing with himself in the middle of
the room, and with Peter still being sucked off by Bill and beginning to moan
with utmost pleasure, and Frank's cumming in Teddy's bottom, with all efforts
against him, Clyde could hardly hold back his stream of hot cum.

	Jerry, nestled in between Clyde's legs, was trying so hard to please
this hot lad of his affections. His tongue lapped at the male organ, licking the
balls and even sticking his tongue deep into Clyde's anus.

	Clyde tensed and tried to hold back. He wanted Jerry, who was rubbing
his own cock frantically, to have the pleasure of an orgasm at the same time.
"I'm cumming soon," Clyde moaned. "Oh, Jerry, are you ready?"

	"Oh, yes...yes," Jerry mumbled.

	The tension increased and Clyde went into convulsions. The first drops
of liquid came out, and this made Jerry jerk off all the harder. He loved the
feeling of this cock in his mouth and the feeling of this young body squirming
in front of him. Then his mouth was filled with the warm cream exiting from the
lad's lovely penis.

	Clyde pulled Jerry's head closer so that Jerry would receive all that he
had to offer. Meanwhile, Jerry jerked his own cock faster and clamped his hand
closer around the jumping head of the burning corona. He felt the blast of gooey
liquid between his fingers. He moaned in ecstacy and with his free hand pulled
his naked body closer to Clyde as the two of them finished their climax.

	Everyone was breathing heavily. For a moment there was a strange silence
in the barn, mixed with the sweet smell of semen.

.Chapter 4


	After a while, Bill, the only one who had not yet had an orgasm, resumed
leadership. "John," he ordered, "wipe yourself, then wipe the others."

	John obeyed and stood up with his legs spread wide apart, rubbing his
cock and balls with a towel which Bill had the foresight to bring. Then he went
to the others and began to wipe their cocks and balls. He performed his task
thoroughly. He had to do a great deal of rubbing. Teddy had to be wiped from two
sides, front and back, and he seemed to enjoy the contact.

	When John was through, Bill started talking again. "Well, boys, are you
ready for another little tickle in your pricks?"

	Naturally the answer was a unamimious yes!

	"Good, because I think it's time John provided us with this pleasure,
don't you?"

	There was a row of smiling faces and John himself could not help but
smile, knowing full well that he would enjoy it more than all of the others.

	"John's going to make each of you cum inthe manner you prefer," Bill
continued.

	"John, baby, come over here."

	John stood next to Bill, while Bill and the others once again donned
their shorts.

	"I think, for the benefit of John, so nobody goes too far, it should be
pointed out what you cannot do with him, don't you agree?"

	Everybody nodded in agreement.

	"Some of you like a simple way of cumming," explained Bill, "and like to
be jerked off. I'm certain John will be excellent in doing this. Look at his
hands."

	Bill raised John's hands and showed both sides of them. His hands were
large and well shaped. It was an exciting sight to see the handsome, tall, naked
football player standing there, obediently offering himself and his hands and
his cock to any one who wanted them.

	"Others like the mouth," Bill continued, and had John open his mouth
wide, showing two rows of magnificent teeth. "But the mouth alone will not do,
no matter how sensual the lips are. For sexual pleasure, the mouth needs the
assistance of the tongue."

	John obeyed the suggestion by iving the others a good look at his pink
tongue.

	"Wiggle it as fast as you can, John," Bill said, and again John did as
he was instructed.

	"Now for the most important part of the anatomy," Bill continued. Turn
around, John."

	John obeyed and could be seen standing with his lovely buttocks jutting
out in the direction of the excited audience.

	"Now bend over as far as you can so the boys can make up their mind
whether they want to stick their cocks into your asshole."

	John began to wonder how he had ever been talked into participating in
something like this. Nobody had ever browned him and now he had to offer his
anal opening to six hot studs.

	Bill went on with his instructions. "John, show us the delights you have
to offer. I counted five--your hands, your legs, your mouth, your tongue, and
your asshole. Let's look at each of them again." John obeyed.

	"What delights are in store for you guys," Bill exclaimed. "And you
don't have to stick to one thing either. You can take a tongue bath, for
example, then visit his lovely ass, and then just before you orgasm stick your
throbbing cock in his mouth to deposit your love juice there. You can do
anything and everything except to make John cum. If you do, you will have to
take John's place."

	There was nothing John wanted more than to shoot his load. Shoot it, he
thought, then all this will be over, and some other guy will have to go on with
this.

	The influence Bill's speech made could be seen on each of the other
youths as their shorts showed solid chunks of meat beginning to harden.

	Bill had waited for this moment and said, "Now, John, how old were you
when you first jacked off?"

	"Twelve."

	"How often do you do it now?"

	"Five times a week, if I don't have a girl or a guy."

	"Have you ever been browned?"

	"Never."

	"Have your ever sucked off a boy."

	"No."

	"What have you done then, John?

	"I've been sucked off a few times and I've browned a boy twice. But
usually we just jacked off together."

	"All right, that was very interesting. Now the boys can decide how they
will use you. You realize, of course, that you cannot choose and that you have
to be ready for anything?"

	"Yes, I do," John answered, hoping that he would soon be made to shoot
his load, "but only until seven o'clock."

	"True. One and a half hours to go, so let's get started. Oh, one more
thing. The only thing I want for winning the right to be leader today is to have
the last twenty minutes with John alone, with the sole right to make him cum."

	This was agreeable to the other youths, who were anxious to discharge
their surging semen.

.Chapter 5


	"Now John will decide on the order in which you guys will take him
according to the following: First, the size of the cock; Second, the quantity of
hair; and Third, the condition of the foreskin. Okay, take off your shorts, line
up and let John examine you."

	"John wasted no time. Teddy, the red-haired lad, won first place hands
down--that is, Teddy's cock was by far the largest. Jerry, having the smallest,
would be number five without question.

	But it was difficult to decide between Clyde, the proud one, Peter, the
Italian, and Frank. It seemed to Bill that it took John plenty of time before he
could decide. He checked Clyde's penis three times and seemed never to get
enough of running his hands around Peter's peter. He felt the head of Frank's
cock with his left hand, while he pinched Clyde's with his right. Finally he
announced his decision: Clyde would be number two. His cock appeared to be a
little larger than Peter's but Peter had less hair and a foreskin.

	After the decision, they all gathered around Number One--Teddy--who had
pulled John next to him on the mattress. The audience was hoping that this was
going to be a browning.

	But Teddy wanted something he found hard to get from others--a good
rimming. So he laid down on his side and commanded John to stick his tongue in
his asshole as far as he could. He told him to keep it there and wiggle. Several
times he moaned, "Deeper, deeper. Wiggle faster!"

	Teddy became more and more excited. "Keep going with your tongue and
jerk me off at the same time."

	The football player, his face buried deep in the crack of the red-headed
Teddy's buttocks, had to feel with his right hand to find the cock which he was
ordered to jerk. He soon found it and started to softly stroke it. The added
sensations caused Teddy's anus to twitch and begin to ooze the remnants of
Frank's deposit of a little while before. John continued to explore and
stimulate this most private of spots, his taste buds savoring the flavors
exuding there from.

	Soon John felt it time to increase his movements and to finish off this
frightfully sensitive and wiggly youth before him. With one hand, he grabbed
hold of Teddy's foreskin and pulled it forward. With his other hand, he
encircled Teddy's sac and tugged at the egg-like testicles, all the while
stabbing his tongue deep into the tender hole before him. His tongue seemed to
know the exact spot that wanted licking and created the most intimate of
sensations.

	An electric current was running from Teddy's asshole to his balls and on
up to the head of his penis. Suddenly he screamed, "Ohhh, I'm cumming! I'm
cummmmmmming!"

	John redoubled his efforts. He pinched Teddy's foreskin tightly over the
head, tugged harder on the balls, and rammed his tongue in further than seemed
humanly possible. That finished off Teddy.

	"You kill me, "Teddy groaned. "Oh, oh, how wild it feels to cum..." and
he shot his wad all over everything. Teddy's body was in convulsions. His cock
was wet and John's hand was filled with semen.

	Teddy pushed John's hand away, then he slowly got up, wiping himself.
Then he sat down in a distant corner.

	"Well," Bill said, breaking the silence. "I think John's first job was
pretty damn good. Wasn't it, Teddy?"

	"Yeah, man" Teddy replied, leaning back, his eyes closed, still thinking
of that magnificent cock-like feeling he recieved in his anus.

	"Now what is Clyde going to choose?" Bill inquired.

	"I'm going to give him his first browning. And a damn good one at that.
Of course, after the ordinary preliminaries, which only a good tongue can
provide," Clyde answered, and threw himself down on his back on the mattress
with his legs spread wide apart.

	"Okay, John, baby, your tongue--everywhere, please."

	John laid half across him and started licking Clyde all over, doubling
his zeal everytime his tongue came near Clyde's piece of meat.

	"Marvelous," Clyde moaned.

	John proved to be a marvelous licker as he let his tongue play all over
the neck and shoulder blades and then let it run down the spine, up again, down
again, in one armpit, then the other as Clyde moaned in pleasure.

	"Come on, stick it in my hole. I want to know how that feels. Say, that
feels good! Oh, joy! Now down to my legs. Lick my feet. Come up a little. Stay
in my ass for a while."

	Finally coming close to the breaking point, Clyde called out, "Oh, John,
I can't stand this much longer. I'm going to fuck you now. Lie down. How shall I
do it?"

	"What will hurt least?" John asked.

	"Sides."

	"Okay."

	"Give me the lube."

	Bill produced a large tube of KY Jelly which he had specifically brought
for this purpose. Soon John's asshole and Clyde's cock were well smeared with
the lubricating jelly.

	"Now, John," Bill instructed, "this won't hurt you at all if you keep
quiet and don't get nervous. Try to relax and open up."

	Cleverly, almost professionally, Clyde put the head of his thick cock
near John's inviting virginity. At first John did not seem to mind. Then he
suddenly cried out--screamed--as Clyde proceeded to stick it in further. John
seemed ready to throw Clyde off, but the other five youths, who seemed to be
enjoying the spectacle, held John down firmly, calling, "Come on, Clyde, give it
to him. Run it in. It won't hurt him."

	John soon understood that force would do him no good, so he merely
pleaded. "Please! Stop! It hurts!" he cried.

	But Clyde had no intention of stopping. His cock was now in about an
inch below the head, and the boys were getting more and more excited as they
watched the football player with such a huge erection enduring such pain.

	Clyde's cock was slowly disappearing in the hole between the strong
legs. Clyde's balls were getting nearer the round and rosy bottom of the lovely
youth, who was being fucked for the first time in his life. Finally Clyde's
shaft completely disappeared into the depths of the football player's ass.

	John was still groaning, but he thought it was going to be over shortly.

	Suddenly, the youths witnessed Clyde push his knees up against the back
of John's legs and slowly pull out until only the head of his penis was still
clasped by the deflowered anus. This gave John some relief, but not for very
long. In a split second Clyde pushed his belly forward with all his might and
caused the powerfully built athlete to shudder in agonizing pain.

	This time John screamed and tried to fight his way free of the monstrous
prick. It took ten strong arms to hold him down on the mattress.

	But Clyde, now overly excited, was not going to have his pleasure
stymied. Again he shoved his cock in. His movements became more regular. Every
muscle in his body went into action. His beautifully curved back and butt moved
up and down. His belly would occasionally move away from the football player's
back, so his pubic hair and part of his cock could be seen. Then he would throw
it close to the John's bottom as if he were going to press everything in that
hole that he possibly could.

	Clyde put his mouth on John's back, slightly biting the muscular neck.
He jerked John's head around so he could reach his mouth with his tongue. He
found it and smothered his swearing, his pleading.

	He was not forgetful of the fact that he was not allowed to make John
cum. Yet the beautiful creature's cock in his hand was most exciting.

	Finally, Clyde felt his orgasm nearing. He told the boys not to hold
John any longer. He was so excited that he felt he could master the powerful
youth alone. Furthermore, John's unfettered movements would add to his sexual
delight. Faster and faster his movements became, and he knew absolutly no pity.

	Slowly he withdrew his prick as far as he could without removing it
completely and rammed it back in again as far as he could. John's despirate
efforts to escape from this constant poling added to Clydes pleasure. The
mattress seemed to move--the floor with it--he wanted to get the delicious
feeling in his cock while his belly was rubbing against the muscular buttocks.

	Faster, faster. My God--it was cumming. No more ramming now. He kept his
sensitive penis in so that the flesh would be all around it while the semen
forced its way out, buried in the hole that so desperately wanted to close
itself. He could restrain himself no longer. He seemed to be swimming in a
whirlpool. The orgasm was there. It felt good--ohhhhh--so good.

	After a few minutes, Clyde pulled out slowly. John reached for his
asshole with his hand. It was soggy wet and still hurt. Clyde sank back
exausted.

SEVEN IN A BARN Chapter 6


	John felt tired after this. It was true that he had had no orgasm but
the work had been hard and the pain in his ass had been intense. He still rubbed
his behind, pushing one finger, not too far, in to soothe the pain, while
standing waiting to find out what the next command would be.

	"Your turn, Peter," Bill called. "What do you choose?"

	Well, I want to have a good and thorough suck," exclaimed Peter. "You
gave me one earlier, Bill, and that has made me want another one."

	"Okay," John said, relieved that this time at least his ass did not have
to serve. "I told you that I had never had a cock in my mouth before, but I
think I can do the job. But tell me, do I have to swallow the stuff"?

	"You sure do," was the prompt response. "Swallow it all until you've
taken the very last drop. And keep your tongue curled around the head of my cock
until I pull it out of your mouth. I want you to take me while I am seated."

	Peter arranged himself in the chair with his butt well forward and his
legs wide apart. "Now kneel down and lick me. Lift my balls and put your tongue
in my asshole. Wow, that feels good! A little deeper, please. Now lick my balls
and go slowly up with your tongue until you reach the head of my cock. Fine.
Pull my foreskin up over your tongue and continue licking my piss hole.
Delicious! Keep going until I decide to stick my cock in your mouth."

	John was following all the instructions carefully. Next time he would be
in command, and oh, how he would take advantage of that. He didn't want any "You
didn't do that when you were the slave" stuff then. Furthermore, Peter pleased
him. He was handsome with his dark complexion and brown eyes and he reacted very
sensously to John's tongue.

	Peter was nearly ready to shoot cum all over the place and John could
feel him squirm as though he was trying to delay the climax.

	Then Peter took his cock in his right hand and with his left, opened
John's mouth. Then the head of the large penis disappeared while the other
youths squirmed and jossled each other to get a better view.

	At first John gagged, but the beautifully hung Peter did not force
himself in further. With his tongue, John could distinguish the little hole
through which, very soon, the sperm was certain to come cascading out. Soon John
began to get acustomed to the strange sensation of a prick in his mouth. In
fact, he felt excited as Peter's cock jerked each time his tongue hit the
super-sensitive spot just under the head.

	Peter, now lying back in the hair, moved up and down, slowly ifting his
buttocks, sticking his rock-like tool deeper into John's mouth. John gagged
again as the slippery head passed into his throat. Peter's movements became
quicker. His hips propelled his penis in and out. All the muscles of his lower
body were intensly involved in the passion of the moment. In and out went the
cock. John's tongue had trouble keeping on the spot where all the lust seemed to
concentrate.

	John's sucking lips went up and down the entire shaft, licking and
squeezing tightly. Once in a while he would softly put his teeth onthe spot
where the eager head came to an end.

	Peter became more and more excited, hardly able to control his emotions
any longer, he tossed his head back and forth, suffering through the agany that
only pleasures of a blow-job could produce. Hekept his eyes closed tightly as if
he wanted to concentrate all of his senses of the lower part of his body. He
clamped the seat of the chair withhis hands, raising himself up so that his cock
could be so much closer to John's mouth. "Yes, John, there! Touch it again.
Stop! No, go on, go on."

	Peter's naked legs spread farther and farther apart. John stroked them
with his strong hands and felt the tense vibrations in Peter's thighs and loins.

	Then Peter felt the most heavenly sensation in the lower part of his
abdomen that he had ever felt in his young life. The tried to throw his head
still further back. His eyes showed white only. His face distorted in the agony
of lust. Theundulating movements went from his spine--his nipples--his
hands--his feet--all concentrating in his balls and them going slowly upward to
the head of his cock that rested in the the soft wet mouth.

	The glorious sensation became tronger and stronger--a spasm convulsed
him--his nails buried themselves in the strong neck between his legs. He could
no longer restrain himself--he had to let go! He had to empty himself--let
himself sink into list.

	John felt a gush of hot liquid force its way out of the swollen
penis-head and into his mouth. He noticed a strange salty taste--yet he felt
that the moment had come to prove that he was playing the game fairly and
without remorse.

	On he worked, pressing the face hard against his throbbing cock,
caressing head churning between his thighs. Peter could not forget the order he
had made at the beginning to John: "Did your swallow it? Show me."

	He looked down the wide open mouth of football player, fascinated by the
wide, white shining teeth and gained sufficient proof that John had indeed
followed orders.

.Chapter 7


	Now only Frank and Jerry were left to have orgasms with John.

	"How much more," he thought to himself, "was one guy able to take and
dish out. Were they stupid enough to give John the orgasm he needed so that they
could take his place?"

	When Bill asked Frank how he would like John to serve him, Frank
announced that he and Jerry would like to use John together. That pleased the
audience and John did not seem to mind.

	Shortly after stating their preference, Jerry and Frank were lying on
their backs. While John was licking one boy's cock, balls, and tits, he had to
work on the other with his hands. Then they turned over so John could rim one
while at the same time he tickled the other asshole softly with his prick.

	From the jumping and little voluptuous noises that penetrated the
silence, it seemed that the contact was very delicious and after they both had
had all the licking, kissing, feeling, and tickling that they could posibly
desire, they announced their wishes. One was going to brown John while the other
one was going to be sucked off.

	John hoped that Jerry was to be the browner as his cock was smallest of
the lot and John still did not like his asshole to be invaded and streached. But
no such luck, Frank was to do the browning.

	Frank had John lie down on his side, his buttocks turned toward him.
Jerry put himself down on the other side 69 style. Frank checked John's hole. It
was still slippery from the clyde's semenal deposit so he did not add any more
lube.

	Soon Frank began to move his tool into John's tender back door. Jerry
waited to stick his burning cock into John's mouth until he heard John utter his
first scream of pain.

	"Ohhh, ow, goddammit, Frank, go slow. Please go--slow."

	Then, as if to smother these screams, Jerry opened the soft mouth with
his swollen cock and soon John did what was expected of him.

	John's tongue curled around the lovely penis and lapped at that most
tender spot just under the corona and usually protected by Jerry's foreskin.
Jerry winced and wiggled. John grabbed Jerry's buttocks and pulled him closer
buring the sensitive male organ deeper in side the warm sucking mouth.

	In the meantime, the back part of John's body was not idle. It did hurt,
but it was a luscious pain. Frank loved browning and he knew all the secrets
that would help his sex partner learn to love the act. He rammed his hard prick
in as deep as he could right from the start knowing it would make John jump with
pain--and it did. This and the other movements and thrust actions into the
invaded territory gave fucker Frank the lustfull feelings and overpowering
domination that he so much desired.

	The other youths looked on eagerly at this super orgy in front of them.
They themselves had strange hands fondling their erect phalii.

	Beautiful muscular John softly groaned as the handsome Frank continued
to bugger him. Frank, his eyes closed, uttered hoarse animal sounds. His
thoughts and passions were centered on his overly sensitive basket. Jerry was in
another world as he felt John's tongue and warm mouth playing with his engorged
organ.

	John, also, was enjoying this strange game. His member was steadily
becoming harder and harder, almost to the bursting point, much harder than any
for the youths had seen it so far.

	Frank was now shoving his prick deep within John's anus with full force.
His buttocks moved forward and backward while his hands pulled the lower part of
John's body closer to him.

	Jerry was nearly reaching his orgasm. It was plainly evident to the
others as they watched his eyes roll around and around. His lower body began to
stiffen and twist and drive fircely into John's waiting mouth.

	"Damn, he thought, "it feels so good--so good! Who else in this group
could have sucked and fucked all of us? Who else? Your're so damn good, John.
You've made us all go mad, John--just crazy over you. Only a virile young stud
like you could have done what you've done, John. Even if the others wanted to,
they couldn't have done it, John." Jerry could not help but kiss John's
erection. It was so teasingly close to his mouth. From kissing came licking.
More kissing. "I must lick the head of it, John," still thinking to himself. "I
must do it. Then a little sucking."

	All three of them seemed to have forgotten Bill's Law--what law?--fuck
the law. A little kissing, licking, and sucking never hurt anything.

	Frank thought of nothing other than getting deeper into John's asshole.
Jerry, on the other hand, thought of nothing but getting closer to his climax.
The fact that they were not allowed to make John cum did not matter any longer.
All three of them resembled a ball of humanity wrapped in lust--lust that could
not be tamed by one man's law, and they were experiencing voluptous sensations
arriving--cuming--feeling the lust and desire in all parts of their being.

	Suddenly Frank started to swear, and the swears rose to screams or
delirious sensations. The orgasm was near and he wanted to feel it all. This had
and effect on Jerry, and it excited the lad so terribly much that he took all of
John's long thick rod deep into his mouth and began to suck furiously.

	Then something happened that the boys had never seen before. The whole
ball of human flesh seemed to want to grind closer together--every part was
wading in untold lust.

	Jerry trembled and kicked his legs out straight, realizing that his
climax was begining to pour into John's mouth. He was so hot. The rules be
damned! He continued to chew and suck upon John's hot meat, savoring every bit
of the long thick hunk of flesh.

	Then, before all of the witnesses, John humped and twisted and contorted
his body in such a feverish frenzy that all eyes jetted from the quivering mass
on the floor to Bill and back.

	"Oh, good," John screamed," so damn good!"

	Jerry's semen was dripping from John's mouth as he felt Frank's hot
liquid surging inside his butt. It was the catalyst that triggered the spurts of
his white hot lava. John had never felt such a feeling as his penis vomited up
its semen in waves that seemed endless.

	Screams, roars, shouts, sights never before seen filled the room. Then
slowly the bodies fell apart exausted and satisified, completely drained of all
sexual emotions.

	Of course the other youths in the barn realized at once the dreadful
consequencees this event must have for Frank and Jerry, but they did not want to
spoil the unheard of pleasure they felt. They all felt a sense of gratification.
After all John had managed to bring all of them to an unbelievably pleasant
climax before at last releasing his pent-up emotions.

Chapter 8


	Frank, Jerry, and John lay motionless for a long time before anybody
made any attempts to get up or say anything.

	Finally Bill exclaimed, "Well, boys, I suppose all of you had a damn
good time, but you know what we agreed would happen to the one who would made
John cum. So the one who did, get up!"

	Both Jerry and Frank jumped up, as each was satisified that he was
responsible for the slick trick.

	"Well, John, what do you think about it?" Bill asked. "It was your cock
they made shrink."

	"They both did. That's all I can say."

	"All right then," Bill decreed, "we shall have them both take John's
place. Does anybody object?"

	Of course there was no objection. The other youths were delighted at the
prospect of having these two boys work them over at the next meeting when
everyone would once again brim-full of jism. And neither could Jerry or Frank
object since they had both admitted their guilt.

	"Okay, next time Frank and Jerry both must be ready to serve."

	The next Saturday the group again assembled in the barn in eager
anticipation and awaited the orgy to get into full swing. John, of course, would
not dare be late and miss anything Frank and Jerry would have to perform.

	They were comfortably seated in a half circle when the two lust
producers of the day arrived. Frank and Jerry stood in front of John, who by the
rules was now the master of ceremonies, and announced heir surrender and
willingness to serve.

	"All right, "John ordered, "let's get busy."

	Frank and Jerry opened their zippers and stuck their hands into each
other's pants, grabbing at concealed flesh. One pull and out it came, attractive
but still limp.

	"Now your balls," John directed.

	With a little more grabbing and some tugging they also popped into view.

	"Now put your hands on your hips and parade your charms for us." John
added.

	Strangely enough, although the week before everyone had seen everything
there was to be seen, this was still exciting to the onlookers. They were made
to walk back and forth in front of the other boys. They were made to hop on one
foot which caused their baskets to bounce up and down in a most suggestive
manner. Erections were beginning to show through the pants of the other youths.

	"Now make yours hard." John ordered.

	Obediently, both began to jerk off with the magnificent results evident
to all.

	"Now drop your pants, but leave them around your feet."

	There they stood with bare legs, but their shirts now covered the cocks.

	"Pull up your shirts. Higher. Higher!"

	First the cock and balls appeared, then the navel, and at last the
nipples.

	"Turn around slowly."

	With some difficulty, since their trousers were still around their
ankles, they obeyed and the witnesses enjoyed the curves of their buttocks from
the side and finally from the back.

	"Bend over. Further!"

	It seemed to the two youths as if their bottoms were being offered to
the crowd.

	"And now," John said with a stern and deliberate voice, "you'd better
get naked entirely. Hurry up!" He leaned back in the chair, proud of this
moment, especially after having been the slave the week before. "Now tell us how
you are going to serve us."

	The two boys, with out a stitch of clothing on, knelt down to give their
surrender talk. They spoke, but not what was expected of them. Jerry said he was
willing to do anything that was asked of him but under no circumstances was he
going to allow anybody to brown him. Frank said the same thing about sucking.

	These statements were met with bursts of laughter and cries of "What do
you think you are here for?" After a short whispered conference the five boys
suddenly took hold of Jerry and threw him down on the mattress, his butt turned
up for prime view.

	"All right, let's inspect this delightfully defiant hole," said one.

	"Keep him down," shouted another.

	"Pull his legs apart. Fine. Now I'll have a good look," said another.

	John glued his eyes to the quivering pucker in the middle of the
attractive crack. "Indead, guys," he remarked, "it is narrow." He stuck his dry
finger into the tight opening. "Feel it, guys."

	Jerry felt finger after finger shoved into the most private part of his
anatomy. Even this touching made him scream with pain. "If you fuck me, I'll
scream so the whole countryside will here it," Jerry threatened.

	"You will, will you? All right boys, hold him down and give me a stick.
We will give him something to scream about!"

	He was handed a flat barrel stave and proceeded to beat the rosy behind
of the recalcitrant youth. It took all five of them to keep Jerry down,
especially his head, which was pushed down into the mattress so that his screams
would be muffled and not carry outside the barn.

	After about ten good whacks, John paused and asked, "Now will you comply
with the rules of the club?"

	"Yes, yes! I'll do anything, but for God's sake, stop beating me!"

	John stood up and stripped. His prick was rigid. He looked down at the
reddened butt and smiled. "Now I am going to have the pleasure of deflowering
the hell out of that tight little asshole of yours, Jerry, and you are going to
like it."

	KY was put in the narrow hole and on the jumbo cock.

	"Oh, no--no--let someone else--not John with that huge cock of his,"
Jerry pleaded.

	But the youths saw some fun in store and held down the struggling Jerry
and pulling his legs further apart, one held his shoulders down and another
pushed his head into the mattress.

	John, who remembered only too well the pain of the week before, laid
full length on top of Jerry and his massive tool neared Jerry's asshole.

	"It would be nice if Frank assisted by giving me a good deep rimming,"
John said. "All right," Frank agreed, realizing the consequences from the others
if he so much as hesitated for a moment. "I told you I would do anything except
suck cocks."

	"We'll see about that later," John said, "but now stick your tongue in
my ass. Good. Now we have to pierce the baby. Lie still, Jerry, I might hurt you
if you keept moving around."

	Jerry felt something nearing his asshole but he was not going to scream.
He bit his lips, burried his face in the mattress, and pulled up on his
shoulders almost as if to draw away fron the painful spot. John's penis was now
pressing against the hole--a little inside the well lubed hole--a little
more--then the pain seemed to become unbearable. "Ohhhh, John you're hurting me!
I can't stand it! Let go of me, you sonofabitches!"

	"Open up your hole," John hissed into his ear. "Open up that hole of
yours as though you were going to take a telephone pole!" John pressed harder
into the the butt of the slender youth under him, but he could barely get
inside. "My God, you're tight. Jerry, can't your open any further? Come on,
try."

	However, all Jerry could do was cry out, "I told you so--I told you
before you started. I told you that you can't get in there."

	"I can't, can't I?" John retorted.

	Again he tried to penetrate deeper and the young Jerry cried in pain,
tears streaking down his face. "Please, John, please--you can't! You're killing
me! John please! Anything, John--anything at all but I just can't take it up the
ass, John. PLEASE!!!"

	Ignoring the pleading, John said, "All right, I shall have to use
force," and he pushed with all his might. He could feel the tight muscle in
Jerry's ass fighting a loosing battle against the invasion of his mighty tool.

	Finally Jerry's asshole gave way and let the hot prick slide in--and
when this happened Jerry's thoughts drifted away from the pain--they were
somewhere far off in the distance. Jerry was dimly aware of the strong
strokes--the regular strokes fo John's powerful penis going in and out of his
conquered anus.

	John could contain himself no longer and grabbed for Jerry's cock, which
had become rigid and stiff. Soon they had their climax together. It was
beautiful. They came together while the other youths watched, bewildered at how
two boys could cum so soon, especially together, after one of them had been so
tortured by the other.

	John was first. Then came Teddy. On it went until six cocks had managed
to penetrate the tight ass of little Jerry. No longer could Jerry say that he
would not take cock up the ass.

	Then it was Frank's turn. After the boys had finished, no longer would
Frank be able to say that he did not suck cock.

	Everybody's sexual desires were being fulfilled and brought to the
surface. Nobody in the club was too scared not to be fucked or sucked by another
member. Nobody had anything that he would not allow any other member to share.
Week after week and month after month their private club remained their little
secret, their private world, their way of life.

THE END
