     Brenda eased the Dodge into a slow turn and pulled up short
before the gate. The bright California sun brought out the reddish
tint in her luscious brown hair as she leaned out of the car and
flicked the call button.
     She sank back into the seat and gave the camera
an impatient look as she waited for the gate to open. Her long,
painted fingernails drummed against the steering wheel as she
sighed in annoyance.
     The gate whirred open and the tires dug in as she
pushed the pedal down hard. The gleaming car shot up the
long driveway to the top of the hill, then growled as she throttled
down and curved around the fountain in front of the Taylor's spanish
style house.
     She turned off the engine and hopped out, hauling a shoulder
bag with her as she sauntered across the expensive brick driveway
and up to the large double doors.
     She didn't bother to knock, just turned the knob and went
inside. It was chilly inside, the air-conditioning working to peak
efficiency.
     "Kelly," she called.
     She wandered into the living room and dropped her bag on one
of the sofas, then wandered back into the central hall and went
down it to the solarium. She passed through and out into the back
yard, but still caught no sight of the blonde.
     She went back inside and wandered through the dining room and
down the hall to the family room. Still no Kelly. She paused by a
large gilded mirror, flicking at the bangs over her forehead,
shaking her head a bit to make her loose brown hair fall into
position.
     "And you call me vain," a soft, amused voice said.
     "There you are. Where were you? I've been looking all over."
Kelly came forward and they hugged briefly, then turned and headed
own the hall to the main living room.
     "I was upstairs. You bring your stuff?"
     "Uh, huh."
     "Thanks. I'm glad you could stay over. It always makes me
nervous when mom isn't here, especially on the servants' night
off."
     "I'm not surprised. You live in a warehouse, Kelly."
     "Hardly that," Kelly smiled.
     "Well, what have you got here, fifteen bedrooms? And just for
you and your mother."
     "They came with the house. What are we supposed to do,throw
them away?"
     "Buy a smaller house."
     "Mom loves the view of the valley."
     "She likes to look down on everyone, you mean."
     "Maybe," Kelly smiled.
     They went into the living room, then across it to the french
doors. Kelly opened them and they wandered out onto the sculpted
stone balcony. The valley lay spread out below them.
     "Poor people," Kelly smiled.
     "Do you mean poor people as in, oh the poor things, or poor
people as in, oooh, people that are poor?"
     "Don't be catty, Brenda," Kelly smiled.
     "I can't help it. You rich girls are so shallow sometimes."
     "Oh, us rich girls?"
     "I'm not rich, just...well off. Now you, you're rich."
     "Thanks."
     Kelly turned gracefully and seemed to drift back into the
house, her slender body moving with the elegance and smoothness of
one long accustomed to wealth and the upper classes. 
     Brenda watched her with some slight envy. She was, or her
family were, nouveau riche, and at heart and in her behaviour she
was more middle class than rich. As beautiful as she was she could
not compare to the sculpted aristocratic blonde girl that moved
ahead of her.
     The easygoing blonde was slender of body, with soft, silky,
straight blonde hair which tumbled across her shoulders. Her face was 
narrow and elfin, with a tiny, petite nose, a small pouting mouth, 
perfect teeth, and deep, soft, moist blue eyes.
     Brenda, by contrast was a brunette, her hair in much the same
style as her friend's, though a little shorter. Her face was more
rounded, her mouth slightly larger, her nose less perfect. She was
beautiful by any accounts, but felt drab in comparison to Kelly.
     Her body was much fuller than Kelly's. Her breasts were
larger, rounder, her waist not so slim, her hips wider, her behind
was firm and round and tight, but did not have the boyish slimness
Kelly's did. Her legs, she decided, were the only part of her body
which, in the current fashions decreed by those in the know, were
better than Kelly's, thicker, fuller, better sculpted.
     Kelly had the slim, willowy body of a model, along with the
pouty, little girl face. Brenda, by contrast was more voluptuous
and womanly.
     Still, the two were the best of friends, and despite their
differing upbringing, despite their differing opinions on many
things, thought of each other as sisters, and often called each
other sis, as a joke.
     The blonde and the brunette were among the most popular,
sought after girls at West Beverly Hills high school, or had been until
they'd graduated. They were part of the in group, lusted after and
admired, envied and hated, by most of the student body.
     Brenda would be off to Minnesota State in the fall, to take up 
acting. Kelly would find something else to occupy her
time. She was too rich to ever need a job, and didn't see the
neccesity of knocking herself out at some boring old school.
     Kelly simply never did anything that she didn't want to. Why
should she? She was spoiled rotten, and knew it. She'd always been
given everything she wanted, and always would be. She would, one
day, marry a rich, handsome man, and attend garden parties and
charity luncheons as her mother had.
     She was a bit flighty, and more than a little shallow. She'd
never read a newspaper, nor watched the news on TV. She knew
nothing of politics or economics or world events. She knew the
president's name, but nothing more than that.
     She was content in her soft, luxurious world, a gentle flower
in a well protected greenhouse. Even though spoiled, she was kind-
hearted, and if her attitude towards the masses was more akin to
Marie Antoinette than Sister Theresa, it was more out of ignorance
than any streak of cruelty.
     "So what do you want to do?" she asked, turning and in a
single liquid motion sitting down on one of the sofas. Brenda
flopped down on the sofa across from her, pulling her legs up
beneath her.
     "I don't know. It's still light out. Want to catch some rays?"
     Kelly's pretty little nose wrinkled. "I get burned to easily."
     "It's that pale skin of yours," Brenda said. "Well, we
could watch a movie."
     "I thought we'd do that later."
     "What do you want to do then?"
     "Want to try on some clothes?"
     Brenda smiled softly. Clothes were Kelly's passion.
     "Why not?" she sighed.
     They trotted upstairs, then went into Kelly's room. It was
easily twice the size of Brenda's room at home, with a huge
canopied double bed, big screen TV, stereo, antique furniture, a
balcony overlooking the valley, a huge walk-in closet, and a
bathroom with makeup counter, sunken, whirlpool bath and bidet.
     Over the next couple of hours they tried on various outfits,
mixing and matching colors and fabrics. Most of Kelly's things were
too tight on the hips and chest for her, but that wasn't always
bad.
     They went into Kelly's mother's room then and tried on some
more clothes. Brenda was as amazed at the amount of expensive
clothes her mother had as she was at Kelly's huge wardrobe. Her own
closet more closely reflected her parent's middle class ways of
thinking.
      The sun sank and they went into the theatre and argued over
what to watch. Finally, they settled on Ghost. They changed into
the matching silk pajamas they had, Kelly's was black, Brenda's
white, then Kelly went and made some popcorn while Brenda set the
video up.
     The theatre had an eight foot wide screen and stereo sound. It
did not, however, have theatre seats. Instead it had more
comfortable plush sofas. The two girls curled up together with a
huge box of buttered popcorn, large ice filled cokes sitting on the
coffee table before them.
     Then they relaxed and watched the movie.
     Neither heard anything amiss through the thick door, and if Kelly
hadn't decided she wanted more ice, the two might have been in
blissful ignorance of what was going on outside the theatre.
     She eased herself to her feet and padded along the carpet in
her bare feet, then went to the door, opened it, and went down the
hall and down the back stairs to the kitchen. She put her glass
under the automatic ice dispenser and filled it up, then trotted
back up the stairs.
     As she was going down the hall though, she practically ran
into a large man who was just coming out of one of the empty
bedrooms. It was hard to say which of them was more surprised.
Kelly's eyes went wide, and her jaw dropped, then she dropped the
glass and screamed.
     He cursed and grabbed her, which only made her scream louder.
His hand clamped over her mouth then and he shoved her back against
the wall.
     "Shut yer fuckin' mouth!" he snarled.
     "What are you screaming at?" Brenda called, coming out of the
theatre. She saw the man holding her friend and screamed
herself,then turned and fled down the front stairs.
     "Shit! Hey, Al, Joe, Phil! Front stairs!" the guy yelled.
     Brenda raced down the stairs and right into the arms of
another large, nasty looking man in a black t-shirt. She yelped and
turned to run back but he grabbed her by the hair. She screamed in
fear and pain as he dragged her back down.
     He grabbed one of her flailing arms and jerked it up behind
her back, shoving her face first into a nearby wall as the other
guy came down the stairs with Kelly.
     "What the fuck?" I thought you said the place was supposed to
be empty," the guy snapped.
     "Sorry, Al. I didn't see them."
     "You fuckup."
     "What's going on?" A muscular black man came out of the office
carrying a computer.
     "Derek missed these two."
     "Whoah," the guy said, his eyes moving up and down the lush
young women. "How do you miss pussy like that?"
     "They are something, ain't they?" Al said, looking at them
admiringly.
     "You better leave us alone," Kelly gulped.
     "Or what?" Derek demanded, jerking her head back by the hair.
She cried out in pain and struggled weakly.
     "Leave her alone!" Brenda cried.
     "Fuck you," Derek sneered.
     "So what do we do with them?" the black guy said.
     "You don't know what to do with pussy like this, Joe?" Derek
leered.
     Joe sniggered in agreement.
     "Guys, we're here to make money, not take some free pussy," Al
said.
     "Any reason we can't have both?" Joe asked.
     "We got all night, man," Derek said.
     "Please don't hurt us," Kelly whimpered.
"We don't want to hurt you, baby," Derek purred, licking at her
ear. "We only want to FUCK the living SHIT out of you!"
     The others sniggered and laughed as the two girls quaked in
terror.
     Derek let go of Kelly's hair and her arm, instead pressing
himself against her, sliding his arms around her and cupping her
breasts through the thin silken pajama top. She trembled miserably,
tears starting to trickle down her face as his fingers dug into the
soft full young breast meat and he licked a long moist trail along
the nape of her neck.
     "Come on, guys," Derek said. "Business first, pleasure later."
     "I never fucked nothing like this before," Derek sighed,
mashing and squeezing Kelly's breasts.
     "What do we do with them then?" Joe said.
     "Lock em up somewhere I guess," Al said.
     "Where?"
     "I don't fuckin' know."
     "Maybe we could tie em up," Joe said. "I got some rope."
     "Okay, do that. You and Derek take em' somewhere and make sure
they stay quiet while we finish. No, wait, I'll take the blonde. I
bet she can open the safes."
     "Come on, man, we're just getting acquainted," Derek
protested, his hands still squeezing and kneading Kelly's high,
firm breasts.
     "Business first," Al said, grabbing the whimpering girl's arm
and jerking her away from him. "Take this other slut and tie her up
somewhere, then get back to work. We got a lot of shit to load
before tomorrow."
     "You de boss," Joe said.
     Al shoved Brenda towards him and he grabbed her by the arm,
marching her across the hall to the side entrance, where he'd left
the rope they'd brought in case they'd had to climb up to one of
the balconies and enter from there.
     "Please don't hurt us," Brenda gulped fearfully.
     "Just shut up and do what you're told and you'll be fine come
morning," Joe said.
     He stopped next to the door and let her go. She cringed back
against the wall as he scooped up some rope and unwound it, then
pulled a sharp knife from a belt sheath. He cut a length of rope
and held it out.
"Put your hands out and cross your wrists," he ordered.
She timidly put her wrists out crossed and he carefully wound it
around first one, then the other, criss-crossing them expertly.
     With a couple of feet left he pulled her back down the hall to
the central hallway, looking around impatiently for something to
tie her to. Finally he pushed her arms up high and ran the rope
through one of the sculpted iron mouldings that ran down the
stairway under the bannister.
     Partly to keep her from moving, and partly out of a desire for
visual effect, he tied them up so high she had to stand up very,
very straight, almost on her toes, to keep from hanging. He patted
her face and grinned, then sauntered away.
     Brenda swallowed in fear, her heart pounding like a
triphammer. She pulled desperately at the rope binding her, pulling
her head way back as she tried to see the knots. She whimpered in
fright as she pulled, knowing for a certainty that these men were
planning to rape her, to rape both of them after they'd finished
looting Kelly's house.
     Which would rape her, she wondered, the big black guy? He was
so huge! He looked like a killer! The slimy guy who'd caught Kelly
didn't seem much better. Maybe it would be that Al guy in the black
t-shirt. She struggled helplessly, sniffling and whimpering as she
tried to twist away. But she couldn't move. She was bound too
tightly, unable to pull her wrists out of the tight rope.

     Al led Kelly down another hallway as the girl began to weep.
He glared at her in annoyance.
     "Quit fuckin' whining," he snapped. "I hate whining women."
     "I...I'm so...soryyyyyy," Kelly wept.
     He led her into the office and over to the picture set against
the side wall. He flung it back and shoved her towards the safe.
     "Open it."
     She gazed at him in fright, then turned to the safe and turned
the dial. She unlocked it and opened it.
     "Good girl," he said.
     He grabbed her arm and marched her out of the room and down
the hall again, then up the stairs to her parents bedroom. There
they surprised a fourth man who was carefully trying to work the
tumblers of the safe behind her mother's mirror.
     "Hey, Phil," he said.
     "Who the fuck is this?" the man demanded. He was small and
balding, with thick glasses.
     "This is desert. What's the combination, baby?" he demanded.
     "I don't know," Kelly gulped.
     "Don't give me that shit, girl. I want the combination!"
     "I don't knooooow," she wailed. "My mother doesn't want me
wearing her jewelry!"
     "What you think, Phil? Should we believe her?" 
     Phil shrugged.
     Al turned and shoved Kelly against the wall, gripping the
front of her pajamas.
     "Are you lying to me?" he glared.
     "Noooo!" she sobbed.
     He tore the front of her pajamas open and she screamed and
tried to cover her breasts.
     "You tell me the combination right now, and I'll keep Derek
away from you," he hissed. "You don't, and me and Phil will fuck
you right now."
     "I don't knoooow! I don't!" she sobbed, shaking in terror.
     He turned and grinned at Phil, who was watching with
considerable interest. He turned back, glaring in pretended anger.
     "I know you know the combination, slut. Tell me!"
     "I don't know!"
     "Tell me!"
     "I don't knoooooowww!" she sobbed.
     He figured she probably didn't. What she said made sense. On
the other hand, Phil was having trouble with this safe, so he
wasn't about to let her off easy. He turned her around and shoved
her face first into the wall, then jerked her pajama top back over
her shoulders, stripping her to the waist. He jerked the bottoms
down, baring her ass, then pulled the sobbing, girl backwards so
she tripped and fell.
     He jerked the bottoms off her ankles, then dragged her up by
the hair.
     "Phil, lemmie have the torch," he growled, shoving the blonde
back across a table.
     Phil picked up the portable acetylene torch and turned it on.
He carefully adjusted the flame to a sharp, white hot jet, then
handed it to Al.
     Kelly was kicking hysterically as he held her down across the
table. "Grab her leg," Al snapped.
     Phil gripped her left leg, pinning it down and open as Al
pinned her right leg with his thigh and jammed held her back by the
hair. He waved the blowtorch in front of her face and she halted
her sobbing, staring up at it with wide, terrified eyes.
     "Want us to burn that pretty face?" he asked.
     "Please," she gasped. "No. Nooo."
     He waved the torch back and forth, then pointed it at her
right breast. He kept it just far away so the heat was sharp and
stinging, and eased it back and forth over her breast, then down
her belly.
     He turned the jet sideways, away from her body, then let the
nozzle ease downwards so the heat began to crinkle up her pubic
hair.
     "Ohhh! Ohhh! Stop! Oh, Please!" she gasped as the heat began
to build up in her crotch.
     He passed the torch back and forth, and all three of them
could smell burning hair as her fleecy pubic hair curled up and
vaporized.
     "Please! Please!" she gasped, not daring to move as her groin
began to redden.
     She shrieked as the torch got a little close to the skin.
     "Sure you don't remember, baby?" Al grinned.
     "Pleeasse! Oh, pleeeasssee"! she sobbed.
     He waved the torch back and forth a final time, as the blonde
began weeping helplessly. Then he turned it off and moved back.
Phil let go of her too and the whimpering, sobbing girl gripped her
pussy and moaned in pain.
     She raised her head and stared at it in fear, but aside from
the fact that virtually all her pussy hair was gone, there didn't
seem to be anything terrible wrong. Her crotch was kind of red,
like it was sunburned, and it felt that way too, but she wasn't
scarred or anything.
     She felt a momentary relief, then as she raised her tear
stained eyes, she abruptly remembered that she was utterly naked in
front of the two strange men. She gulped fearfully and cupped her
pussy with one hand as she tried to cover her breasts with her arm.
     "You got something to tie her with?" Al grunted.
     "Got some tape."
     "It'll do. Come here, you."
     He handed her some tape and he motioned abruptly for Kelly to
come forward. She meekly slid off the table and shuffled forward,
still cupping her pussy and covering her breasts.
     Al jerked her around and pulled her hands behind her back,
then crossed her wrists and wrapped the tape around them several
times. He tore it off and then gripped her hair and shoved her
towards an open closet, then closed it on her and wrapped a tie
around the handles.
     "Okay, back to work," Al said.
     "I wouldn't mind tearing off a piece of that," Phil said, his
jeans bulging.
     "Later, after you break open that fuckin' safe."
     Phil grunted and then turned back to the safe as Al wandered
out of the room.

     Brenda was terribly frightened. The way the men had talked and
acted left their intentions in little doubt. And even if they were
just pretending, she knew how that kind of man thought. She knew
how attractive and desirable she and Kelly were.
     Now here she was helplessly bound, her arms high, as though to
intentionally make her more desirable, to push her breasts out even
more firmly against the thin silk pajama top she wore. She knew
that, even if these men were not criminals, the temptation to abuse
her and Kelly, so helpless before them, would be enormous.
     And as lewd and frightening images played out in her mind, the
worst of the evil men came strolling down the hall towards her.
     Derek was carrying a box full of cameras and lenses when he
came down the hall. He paused at the sight of Brenda standing up by
the stairs, arms high, chest out.
     "Oooooeeee," he whistled. "Don't you look cute."
     He eyed her pajama top where her large, round breasts pushed
out firmly. "You got some set of tits there, don't ya, kid?"
     She stared at him warily, sniffling and blinking her eyes.
     He set down the box on a nearby table and moved against her.
He ran his eyes up and down her body, then darted his hand behind
her head, jerked her face forward and mashed his lips down against
hers.
     His lips muffled her screams as his hand cupped and groped her
full round breast. His tongue shot into her mouth and he ground his
pelvis in between her kicking, jerking legs. He cupped her ass as
his lips continued to crush hers, his hands lifting her legs up and
apart so he could dry hump her.
     Tears trickled down her face as his tongue stabbed into her
mouth, and her body shook as she sobbed pitifully.
     He backed up a little, a hand still behind her head, griping
her soft hair. She stared up at him, petrified.
     "Let's see what you got, baby," he whispered.
     His hand stroked her breasts, squeezing and groping them, as
she was held there helplessly.
     "Please," she mewled. "Please don't!"
     "Shut your mouth, whore."
     He unbuttoned the top button, then teasingly, his fingers slid
along her soft flesh, then down to the next button. He undid that,
his fingers sliding along her breastbone as she sobbed in fear and
misery. The next button popped, and his fingers stroked the flesh
below her breasts now.The next button popped loose, and his fingers
skimmed her belly.
     The shirt remained closed because of her straight-backed
stance, but when he undid the final button it slid open a few
inches, revealing the middle of her torso from throat to lower
belly. The curving sides of her breasts were clearly displayed as
well, and when Derek gripped the sides of the top and pulled it
wide open, Brenda sobbed harder in humiliation and fright.
     "Man oh man oh man," he sighed, shaking his head as he looked
down at her super firm, fat round tit orbs.
     "Now these are tits," he breathed. "Real half gallon jugs."
     His hands cupped them reverently, lifting them slightly as
though to weight them. His fingers pressed in slowly, digging light
furrows in the perfect round tit-balls. He squeezed, and watched
the soft flesh ooze out between his fingers.
     He mashed them together, then apart, crushing them in, up,
down, together again, laughing in delight, as though he were a
child with a new toy.
     He ignored the teenager's mortified sobs and soft, whimpering
pleas, bending and sliding his mouth over her right nipple and
sucking fiercely. His teeth gnawed at the surrounding flesh, biting
and crushing it as he pulled tit meat into his mouth and chewed on
it hungrily.
     His hands continued to squeeze and knead her tit bags as his
mouth sucked and chewed on her nipple. His tongue flickered back
and forth across it as he sighed happily. He shifted to her other
nipple sucking that too, then pressed his face between her big
breasts and mashed them against it.
     He was panting for breath when he straightened up and moved
back a step. His eyes slid up and down the soft, firm female body,
noting the perfect contours of her torso, the gentle indentations
of her ribs, the smooth, concave belly, the pretty little belly
button.
     He shook his head again, unable to believe his luck. He'd
known she had a body, but this. This was the best fucking whore
he'd ever had in his life. She could be a centerfold easily.
     He gripped the elastic waistband of her bottoms and tugged
them down over her hips, down below her crotch, then let them slide
to her ankles. Brenda sobbed in misery, mortified as he stared at
her nudity. 
     Yet her heaving chest only made her look more desirable to
him, serving to thrust out her perfect breasts again and again.
     "What a fuckin' body," he groaned.
     Yet he wanted that body utterly naked. He was like a man with
a new sports car who wanted no slightest smudge on its finish. He
jerked her pants off from her ankles, then gripped the top and took
out a sharp switchblade. He carefully cut down the arms and across
the shoulders, until he could tear it free.
     He stood back and admired the view of the totally nude young
woman, so wonderfully displayed for him. He stepped forward and ran
a hand up and down her body, caressing her fine, soft skin,
coasting up and over her round breasts, then down between her
quivering thighs.
     He cupped her pussy tightly, which produced a new wave of
shuddering sobs from the girl.
     "Oh, quit your bitching," he snapped. "You been fucked before.
It ain't the end of the fuckin' world."
     It always annoyed him why a woman would let some guy they
liked fuck her brains out, but would howl in terror if some other
guy wanted to tear off a piece. What was the big fuckin' deal
anyway? They acted like their pussies would wear out if they fucked
too many guys.
     He gripped her body and turned her around,  pressing her fat
melons against the wall as he admired the view from behind. He
cupped her soft buttocks and squeezed them, then slid a hand in
between her thighs and squeezed her pussy again.
     "Baby, you were built to be fucked," he sighed. "You oughto be
gettin' it a hundred times a day!"
     He turned her around again and slid a hand through her hair,
gripping it tight and jerking her head back, directing her face up
towards his.
     "You're the criminal, baby, not me. It's a fuckin' crime not
to use a fine body like this for what it was designed for. You need
it in the cunt, up the ass, down the throat, in the tits, every
fuckin' way! You need it all day and all fuckin' night.
     "You're a walking fuck machine!"
     He crushed his lips against hers again, grinding his body into
her as he seized her ass cheeks and dry humped her again. He spread
her legs wide and ground himself into her soft body, grunting in
delight as he felt her fat breasts pushing into his chest.
     He drew back and jerked his pants open, then let them slid to
his ankles. "Fuck this waitin' shit," he panted. "I want a taste of
you now!"
     "No! No! Please!," she gasped. "I have money! I'll give you my
car!"
     "I don't want your fuckin' money, bitch. I want your pussy!"
     His cock was already hot and bulging. He gripped it in his
fist, his face a maniacal leer as he pressed it against her furry
pussy. She stared down at it in appalled horror, trying to cross
her legs without letting all her weight fall on her wrists.
     It didn't matter, though, he jammed his knee between her
thighs and forced them open, then gripped her right thigh and
jerked her leg up and back.
     "Please!" she gasped. "Please! No! Don't! Oh, God!"
     "Get ready, slut. I'm gonna pound your cunt good! I'm gonna
pump so much cream in you it'll blow out your fuckin' ears!"
     He pressed his cock against her slit and rubbed it up and down
several times. Brenda began to sob once again, with even more force
than before. He ignored it, forcing his cockhead through her tight
pussy lips, forcing them in and back as his cock pushed into her.
     He groaned as her pussy gripped his cockhead. He jerked her
leg up higher, then reached down and seized the other one, lifting
both up and wide. His hands slid down to her ankles as he held her
legs, and lifted them high and wide, smashing them back against the
wall beside the whimpering, moaning teenager.
     Her ass and pussy were totally exposed to him now, and his
eyes were bright with lust as he jammed his cock in hard, forcing
several more inches into her quivering body. He jerked back,then
thrust forward, twisted his pecker from side to side, then rammed
forward again.
     She was tight and dry, but his cock was like steel, and would
not be denied. Each time his cock rammed another couple of inches
deeper she let out a sobbing cry of misery, until she his groin was
pressed against hers, and his cock was totally buried in her soft,
warm depths.
     She sobbed miserably as he held her legs up and apart and
ground his hips into her upturned buttocks.
     "Oh, man, you're so fuckin' tight!" he groaned, twisting his
cock around inside her belly.
     He began pumping almost at once, short, sharp, rabid strokes
that pummelled her body, that made his cock piston inside her. As
he worked her hole open he began to use longer, deeper strokes,
making use of the full length of his long shaft to pound it to the
trembling girl.
     "There ya go, baby," he panted. "Now you're gettin' pumped
proper!"
     His hips were slapping against her ass cheeks as his cock
pounded into the tight cunt opening. He leaned forward, licking and
sucking on the side of her throat as he rammed his cock into her
with wild, lust crazed abandon. His strokes came faster and harder,
until her body was smashing back against the wall with enough force
to crack the plaster.
     He knew it would be a short fuck, though. He was just too
excited by this hot bitch, too aroused by the gorgeous, firm young
woman's nubile body. He hammered his hips forward, spiking his cock
into her hot pussy so fast her body jerked and bounced in wild
response.
     Brenda's eyes glazed over, and for a long moment she thought,
and hoped, that she would faint. Never had she been used so
brutally, never had Brent fucked her so hard or so fast, never had
her guts been churned up and pounded down like they were now.
     Never had she been placed in such a humiliating, exposed
position as she now was, with her legs wide apart and her privates
so utterly exposed to this stranger's view. Her guts heaved and the
thought she would throw up, but her mind refused to accept that one
final humilation.
     She saw his big cock slicing back and forth between her poor,
aching pussy lips and was shocked at the speed of it, even though
she could feel it's frenzied pistoning movement inside her soft
fuck channel. Surely, she thought, it must be tearing up her guts
inside.
     Then he pulled back almost all the way, so only the tip of his
cock remained inside her, and then thrust in hard, brutally
stabbing his cock into her to the hilt. She cried out in pain, her
head falling back against the wall.
     Again he tore his cock back almost all the way, then thrust in
furiously, jerking her upwards and back, knocking her head back and
drawing another miserable cry of pain from the brutalized young
girl.
     He let her legs down, holding her ass cheeks, and thrust in
again, mashing his body against her, wanting to feel her pounding
heart against him as he threw a final series of brutal thrust up
into her tender pussy, bouncing her in her bonds as he came to a
monumental cum.
     He let out his own cry, a cry of pleasure and conquest,
thrusting viciously into her, mashing his groin into her exposed
thighs as his cock blasted huge white wads of steaming sperm up
into her teenage belly. He felt each individual spurt like an
explosion, and groaned as he halted his pumping and clutched her
body to keep from falling.
     "Ohh, babyyyy," he groaned, his fingers digging into her ass
tightly. "What a fuck."


     He was still clutching her ass, crushing her against him, when
Joe walked into the hall carrying an armload of stereo equipment.
     "Hey, man," he said, passing them by. "Al said not till we're
done."
     "Done?" Derek panted. "Man, I'm all done," he laughed.
     He eased back, letting go of her ass so her legs fell back
straight and her feet touched the floor once more. Brenda moaned
weakly and miserably, her wrists aching, her pussy and thighs and
ass aching, her arms and shoulders aching, and her mind numbed and
blasted by the terrible rape.
     Derek leaned against the far wall regaining his breath as Joe
set down his burden and walked back.
     "Man, how could I resist something like that?" he panted.
     Joe gazed at the girl with new interest, shaking his head
admiringly. "Nice," he said.
     "Nice? She's fuckin' gorgeous!"
     "Yeah, nice body."
     "Feel those tits," Derek said.
     Joe slid a big black hand under her left breast and squeezed
it admiringly. "Nice, all right," Joe said.  "But she'll still be
here when we're finished. Let's get to work, man."
     Derek sighed and gathered up his box, then carried it out to
the growing pile by the garage door.

     Phil gave a short cry of victory as the safe opened. He
grinned in satisfaction as he reached in and pulled out two long
boxes of jewelry, then a thick wad of cash. He put them in the sack
he'd brought for that purpose, then sat down for a brief rest.
     His eyes came to rest on the closet door. He'd caught himself
staring at it several times over the past hour, but now he began to
think he was justified in a little reward. He'd done his job, after
all, and hadn't Al said business before pleasure?
     Business was done. Time for pleasure.
     Phil had always been a bit of a nerdy guy, especially when he
was younger. He'd never gotten anywhere with girls during high
school, especially girls that looked like that. That gorgeous
fucking blonde was the hottest piece of ass he'd ever seen, and she
was sitting there in the closet naked, hands taped behind her.
     He got up and went to the closet, then unwrapped the tie
holding the handles closed and opened the doors. The girl sat in
the corner, her big blue eyes staring up at him in fright.
     "Hey, honey," he said, grinning. "Why don't you come out and
visit."
     "No! Leave me alone!" she whimpered as he bent and gripped her
arm. He pulled on it, but she resisted, and he was not a strong
man. He glared and then gripped her hair. Now she came when he
pulled, crying out in pain as he drew her out of the closet.
     He pulled her into the center of the room and then pushed her
against a dresser, his eyes scanning up and down her slender body.
     "You sure are a cute one," he sighed. "What's your name?"
     "K...K...Kelllyyy," she whimpered.
     "Kelly. You a virgin, Kelly?"
     "N...noooo," she sniffled.
     "Too bad. It don't surprise me, though."
     He slid his hand down the side of her ribs, then up under her
breast, squeezing it in tight, sweaty fingers. She began to sob
miserably and he let go, pressing his finger against her lips.
"Shhhhhhh," he said. "Be a good little girl or I'll have to spank
you."
     She stared at him in fear, sniffing several times in an
attempt to halt her tears.
     "If you're a good girl nobody will hurt you. You understand?"
he asked.
     "Y...yesss," she gulped.
     "Good. You don't want anyone to hurt you, do you?"
     "N...noooo."
     "Then you'll be a good girl, right?"
     "Ye..yes."
     "Say it then. Say, I'll be a good girl."
     She stared at him in fear, then swallowed and repeated the
words. "I'll...I'll be a good girl," she gulped.
     "That's good."
     He cupped her breasts with both hands, then fingered her
nipples, rubbing them between his thumbs and forefingers, pinching
them and pulling them. He slid a hand down to her pussy and cupped
it, squeezing repeatedly, then eased a finger between her pussy
lips and sawed it up and down.
     She began to sniffle again, her chest shaking as she sobbed,
and he halted and placed his finger against her lips again.
     "You're being a bad girl, Kelly," he warned. "I'm going to
have to take my belt to your pretty little ass if you don't stop."
     "I...I...I'm so...sorry," she whimpered.
     He gripped her hair and pulled her towards the bed, then sat
down on the edge, pulling her down onto her knees between his legs.
He held her hair in one hand as he opened his pants and pulled his
cock out. It was already stiff and hard.
     "This is for you, Kelly," he grinned, pulling her head down.
"You do a good job."
     Kelly had sucked cocks before, of course, but the idea of
doing so now was revolting. She had no choice, however, and as he
pulled her head down she opened her mouth and slid her pouty lips
over his fat cockhead. It was very thick, and she wondered in
passing why such a small, dorky guy had such a big cock.
     Her lips engulfed it and she slid them down several inches,
working her tongue against the underside of his head. His hands
slid through her golden hair as she began to bob her mouth up and
down on his cock.
     "That's it, baby. Suck that pecker," he sighed.
     He bent forward and slid a hand under her breast, squeezing
and mashing it, working his fingers into the soft flesh as her
mouth sucked on his fat cockknob.
     He pulled his hands back then and leaned back on them,
watching with a wry smile as the gorgeous blonde sucked his prick.
Rich blonde bitch, he thought. Bet this is a real come down for
you. Probably a snotty whore too. Maybe she'd be a little less
snotty now.
     He ran his hand over her head, caressing her golden hair as
she bobbed up and down on his cock. He watched her lips straining
around his thick shaft, and her puckered cheeks as she sucked. He
felt her tongue swiping up and down his cockhead, and smiled
smugly.
     He should come in the rich bitch's face, that would teach her.
But no, he wanted inside her. He wanted to fuck this gorgeous
bitch.
     He gripped her hair and pulled her head up, drawing a gasp of
pain from the girl.
     "I want you to turn around now, and then bend over," he
smiled.
     Kelly's heart gave a lurch, but she obeyed, trembling in fear
and embarrassment as she bent over. He shoved her back and she fell
forward onto her shoulders, her wrists still tightly bound behind
her back as she struggled to keep from falling.
     He eased down onto the floor behind her and pulled her legs
wider, then reached between them and cupped her nearly bald pussy
mound.
     "You ain't got much hair left here, do you?" he grinned.
"Probably just as well. I bet you wear those thong style bathing
suits, right? So you can give every boy on the beach a hard-on."
     He rubbed his cock against her slit, then pressed it inside,
forcing her open. She let out a low moan, and then wept softly and
quietly as his cock drove slowly down into her trembling body.
     He gripped her hips as he pressed forward hard, remorselessly
burying his cock in her tight belly.
     "Ahhh," he sighed. "Now this is the life."
     He ground his hips against her soft ass, his hands sliding up
and down her back as he twisted his cock around inside the blonde
teen. Then he began to pump.

     Al and Joe finished loading the last of the stuff, then headed
back into the house. The found Derek already pawing the brunette,
his hands roaming over her breasts eagerly as the other two came
up.
     "Shit, you're a horny bastard," Al said.
     "Yeah, you already fucked her once, man," Joe said.
     "I want her again," Derek grinned.
     "After me," Joe snorted.
     "Where's the other slut?"
     "Upstairs," Al said. "Go and get her and Phil, if he's
finished cracking the safe, and bring em' down."
     "You got it."
     Al reached above the girl and began to undo the ropes holding
her up, while Derek hurried upstairs, hoping to take the time to
rip open the blonde girl before the others could protest. To his
disappointment he found her on her knees, Phil pounding it to her
from behind.
     "Hey, man, I wanted her first," he protested.
     "Too late," Phil grinned lazily.
     "Al says to bring the blonde downstairs with the brunette."
     "What brunette?"
     "The other slut. You should see her, man. She's got a body
that won't quit."
     "This one isn't bad either," Phil laughed.
     "Yeah, she's a real looker all right," Derek said, squatting
in front of her and jerking her face up by the hair.
     Kelly knew even greater humilation now as the other man
watched gleefully. Unable to hide her face she closed her eyes as
the man behind slapped his hips into her buttocks and speared his
cock into her soft slit hole. She couldn't understand why this was
happening to her, and, since nobody was ever mean to her, had no
idea how to cope with it. She was dazed and bewildered.
     A minute later two more men came into the room, pushing a
naked Brenda before them.
     "We wondered what was keeping you," Joe snorted.
     "Yeah, well, Phil was busy," Derek laughed.
     "So I see," Al said.
     "I wanted that blonde bitch, man," Joe glowered.  "Somethin'
about fuckin' a blonde. I don't get many blondes, ya know."
     "You can have her when I'm done," Phil sighed, fucking his
cock harder and faster into Kelly's tight pussy.
     "I don't like sloppy seconds," he snapped.
     Brenda stared at her friend in horror, watching the miserable
blonde's body shake as the man behind fucked into her with brutal
speed. She saw at once that Kelly's wrists were bound behind her,
and thought that that was horribly cruel, given the helplessness of
the sweet, naive girl.
     "Well, man," Phil panted. "You got another virgin hole here.
Probably never been used." He pressed his finger against Kelly's
wrinkled asshole and slowly forced it inside. This brought sobbing
from the mortified blonde girl, but none of the men seemed to care.
     "Hot bitch like this needs to get butt-fucked," Derek nodded.
     "What about you, baby?" Al breathed, pulling Brenda's head
back. "You ever had one up the asshole?"
     "No," she gulped in terror.
     "Want one?"
     "Noooooo!"
     He laughed and squeezed her breasts as he eyed her lush body.
     He turned her around and forced her to her knees, then undid
his pants and pulled them down and off. He wore no underwear, and
his cock sprang out hungrily, pointed at the girl's appalled face.
     "Suck this, baby," Al ordered, gripping her hair and pulling
her face in against his prick.
     He pressed the knobby head against her mouth, and Brenda
reluctantly opened her lips and tasted his foul scent as it filled
her mouth.
     "Suck that, you whore," Al leered, holding her hair tightly.
     He shoved his cock deeper into her mouth, almost choking her
on it. She fought it with her tongue, sucking frantically, rubbing
her head up and down against the head as he twisted his cock around
inside her oral cavity.
     He gripped her head in both hands, squeezing tightly, then
began to fuck her face, sliding his red and purple tube of flesh
back and forth through her puckered lips.
     Brenda sucked as best she could, trying desperately to bring
him off before she choked on his thick man-meat. But he pulled his
cock free suddenly and lifted it away.
     "Suck my balls," he panted, pressing her face into his groin.
"Lick em, slut."
     She sucked them into her mouth and then licked them, disgusted
and revolted, but too frightened to do anything else.
     He pulled her back and grinned down at her.
     "Close your mouth slut, now pucker up like you're gonna kiss
your boyfriend."
     She did, and he pressed his cockhead against her lips. "Keep
em' tight," he grinned, pushing hard, slowly forcing his prick
through her tight puckered lips. He laughed in pleasure, then began
fucking her face once again, mashing her hair up behind her as he
held her in both hands and humped faster.
     Behind her Phil was pounding his cock into Kelly with furious
energy. The slim young blonde grunted repeatedly as he hammered his
hips into her tight, boyish ass and rutted his cock up her soft
pussy tube. He came with a frantic grinding stroke, burying his
prick in her slit and groaning in pleasure.
     "Nice," he sighed, patting her ass and easing his softening
prick out of her.
     "I still don't like sloppy seconds," Joe glowered.
     "Hey, man," Al said. "I got an idea for you."
     He pulled Brenda off his prick and dragged her over to the
other girl.
"You, bitch, get on the bed," he ordered Kelly.
     Derek gripped her arm and hauled her up, then shoved her back
onto the bed. She bounced once, then lay there helplessly on her
arms.
     Al led Brenda over and pushed her onto her knees on the edge
of the bed, then down onto all fours between Kelly's legs.
     "Spread your legs, slut," he ordered.
     Both girls automatically spread their thighs apart as the men
gathered around them.
     "Okay, honey," Al sniggered. "Joe wants to fuck this bitch,
but he don't want to ride his cock through a lot of slimy jism. So
you're gonna clean out your friend's pussy for him."
     Brenda stared at Kelly's wet cunt slit for a moment, not
understanding what he meant. Then her eyes opened and she let out
a cry of denial.
     "Noo! I can't! I won't!"
     "You can! You will!" Al growled.
     "No!" She struggled to pull away, but Al gripped her hair and
jerked her head up, forcing her erect, then bent her head back
until she screamed in pain.
     "You better do what you're fuckin' told, slut, or you won't
live to see tomorrow."
     "Please," she sobbed. "Oh pleeassse do...dooon'tt make
mmeeeeee!"
     "Suck her pussy, whore," Derek howled in delight.
     "Lick her clean, baby," Al ordered, forcing her head down
again, jamming her face into Kelly's splayed crotch.
     Brenda closed her eyes and lips tightly, revolted and
disgusted as she felt the wetness against her face.
     "Suck her slit, bitch," Joe snapped.
     "Noooo," she moaned.
     Al brought his hand up and then cracked it down on her bare
butt. She howled in pain, her ass burning like fire.
     "Do it!" 
     Still she refused. Again he cracked his hand down, then again,
then again, turning her ass cheeks a flaming red, drawing agonized
sobs from the brunette.
     "Get out your belt, man," Joe grinned.
     "Right." Derek took off his belt and handed it to Al, who
doubled it and whipped it down on Brenda's upturned ass. She
shrieked in pain, then shrieked again as it slashed down a second
time.
     "NOOO! I'll do it! I'll do it!!" she cried.
     "You don't and I'll whip your tits next," Al promised.
     Tears pouring down her face Brenda opened her eyes and stared
at Kelly's still moist slit. There was hardly any hair around it,
and the cunt cleft was terribly visible and exposed. She shuddered
and shook as she stared at it, unable to bring herself to push her
tongue out.
     "Ahhhhhhh!!" she screamed, as the belt cut across her ass
again.
     She bent and frantically shoved her tongue into Kelly's pussy.
Kelly stared at her in horror, but was too terrified to move as her
friend slurped and licked up and down her pussy slit. She stared at
the men standing around them like they were martians, unable to
understand why anyone would be so sick and evil.
     Al bent over beside the brunette, pushing his face in close,
pulling her hair out of the way so he could watch. "Peel her cunt
open," he growled. "Stick your fingers in her pussy and open it
wide."
     Brenda's fingers shook as she pressed them against her
friend's slit, then eased them in between the folds of her pussy
lips. She gently pulled them apart, baring the gleaming pink flesh
that lay inside.
     "Wider, pull that cunt wide!" Al yelled into her ear.
     She sobbed and jerked wider, making Kelly cry out in pain. He
gripped the back of her hair and tugged it painfully hard. "Lick
it, slut. Lick that pussy," he growled. "Shove your tongue inside
and scoop out all that jism. Let me see you drink it down."
     Joe had stripped and moved around to the other side of the
bed.He got in and knelt over Kelly's head, then spread his knees,
lowering his fat cock until the head pressed against her mouth.
     "Suck my cock, blondie," he growled, pushing it down further.
     Kelly helplessly suckled on his big black cockhead as he
squatted lower and slid his hands over her breasts. His cock
hardened quickly in her soft mouth, especially as he watched Brenda
suck and lick at her pink snatch.
     "Lick her clitty, slut. Theeere it isssss," Al breathed. "Now
lick it. Lick it! There you go. Now shove your tongue way up her
twat hole" He shoved her face down into her pink snatch as she
licked at Kelly's gash, mashing her face in as he and the other
guys sniggered in amusement.
     Joe's cock was rock hard and he pumped it in and out of
Kelly's mouth as he watched the brunette suck out her juicy slit,
then, tired of waiting, he jerked his cock out and dragged her
towards him, his huge arms bulging with power as he easily twisted
her around so her cunt was towards him, then lifted her legs and
jammed them back against her.
     He shoved his thick black prick into her glistening cunt
opening and thrust hard, making Kelly cry out in pain as her soft,
elastic pussy tunnel was ploughed open and bloated out. 
     He sniggered and buried his cock inside the groaning girl,
then began to fuck down into her at once, hammering his heavy hips
into her small round buttocks, crushing her beneath him as he
pounded his big cock up her twat.
     Al eased back behind the kneeling brunette and spit on his
hand, then wetted down his cock again. He rubbed he head up and
down against Brenda's slit, causing the weary, dazed girl to brace
herself for another rape. She was not disappointed.
     Al thrust his cock deep inside her and started pumping with
long, fast strokes, slapping his hips into her round ass cheeks. He
fucked for a long minute, then pulled out. He rubbed his cockhead
against her slit again, then pressed it against her anus.
     "Wha...what are...Don't!" Brenda gasped.
     "Shut your mouth, whore!" he growled, slapping her ass hard.
     She whimpered in misery as he forced his cock into her asshole
and jammed it down inch by inch, watching the shaft slowly
disappearing into her round, straining anal opening.
     "You rich bitches think you're so fucking special," he
sneered. "See how special you are now, you cheap slut!"
     He grunted as he slammed his cock forward and buried it in her
rectum. Brenda was sobbing again, deep,k gut wrenching sobs that
made her body shake. He gripped her hips and pumped his cock as
hard as her tight, sucking asshole would permit, content that he
would soon rip it wide open.
     He slid his arms around her and crushed her against him,
grinding his hips into her soft ass meat as his cock twisted inside
her guts. He bit down on the side of her throat, then pulled her
hair back and around, forcing her face towards him.
     "Like that, baby?" he whispered. "Like it up the ass? I bet
you love it."
     He shoved back and then gripped her wrists, pulling her arms
straight back along her sides and using them as handles, like she
were a wheelbarrow. He began to pound his cock up her ass with
total abandon, using her arms to jerk her back to meet each brutal
thrust.
     He grunted in pleasure as the bed bounced under Joe's furious
fucking. Joe was ramming his big hips straight down into the
panting, moaning, sobbing blonde, literally bouncing her on the
mattress as he growled in savage triumph.
     The sound of meat hammering meat filled the air as he rammed
his prong into her until it fountained with boiling come. He
laughed triumphantly as his seed flooded her cunt and womb, burying
his tool inside her and then grinding his hips into her white ass.
     "There you go, white girl," he sniggered.
     Brenda's head was flying up and down like it was on a spring
as Al jerked her back to meet his thrust, then rammed her forward
with his hips. Her fat tits wobbled back and forth below her as her
eyes rolled in dazed confusion.
     His cock was reaming out her buttery little asshole, having
already completely numbed her sphincter muscles. Her buttocks were
red and burning from the slapping and pounding of his hips against
them.
     Then his come spilled out, jetting up into her bowels as her
asshole sucked him clean. He cursed and rammed harder, faster,
clenching his teeth in ecstasy as he pumped her ass full of juice.
     He let her go and she fell forward onto her face, groaning
weakly. He backed up and grinned at his friends.
     "Not bad, guys, huh?"
     "Yeah, but we still got all night," Derek leered.
     They gazed at the weary, bruised, dazed teenagers, the blonde
laying on her back,clutching her pussy and whimpering, the brunette
sprawled on her belly, asshole still open, come drooling out as she
panted for breath.
     Phil came back into the room and handed around beers, then
Derek reached over and grabbed Kelly's arm, dragging her towards
his side of the bed, where Brenda lay. He let it drop, then he and
Joe rolled Brenda around and put the two together, tit to tit.
     "Now that looks pretty," Derek grinned.
     The two girls were still recovering from the brutal fucking,
both panting for breath, hair plastered against their faces, bodies
red and bruised.
     "Let's see a little lezzie show," Derek grinned.
     Neither girl responded.
     Derek and Phil grabbed them by their arms and hair and dragged
them out of the bed and onto the floor, then held the exhausted
girls on their knees, placing them face to face. 
     "Let's see some nice kissing to start," Derek said, pushing
Kelly's face towards Brenda's. He mashed their faces together, but
the dull-eyed girls didn't kiss.
     "I know what makes that one cooperative," Phil said. He took
out his pocket lighter and flicked it, then leaned forward and slid
the flame against Kelly's right nipple.      She screamed and
struggled with new found energy as he laughed and pulled the flame
back.
     "Poor baby," Derek snickered.
Phil bent Brenda's face and pressed it against Kelly's breast as
Derek jerked the blonde's head back.
     "Suck her poor little nipple for her," he hissed.      "Suck
it, slut!"
     "Lick it," Phil sneered.
     Brenda weakly pushed her tongue out and licked across her
friend's nipple, then folded her lips around it and began to suck.
     "That's iiiiit," Derek smiled. "Now squeeze them."
     Phil lifted Brenda's hands up and pressed them against Kelly's
breasts, squeezing and rubbing them.
     As the two yelled and slapped at them the two girls began
kissing each other, shoving their tongue's into each other's
mouths, and groping and fondling each other.
     The four men laughed and taunted them in delight as they
admired the lewd lesbian show. Their cocks began to throb with
renewed life as they watched the two squeeze each other's tits and
asses, suck each other's nipples, and grind their pussies together.
     The two were stunned, dazed, like battle shocked soldiers.
They did as they were told, eyes glazed, uncaring.
     Brenda sucked and bit Kelly's nipples and breasts, then Kelly
sucked and bit hers. Kelly sucked off the brunette, then Brenda
shoved her tongue into Kelly's twat again. They moved into a sixty-
nine, then shifted again and scissored their legs, sliding their
pussies right up against each other and grinding them hard and
fast.
     Finally, side by side, they knelt on the floor as the four men
fucked and sodomized both of them a final time. Then the men tied
them up...together...naked...tits mashed against tits, and left
them like that for some other lucky guys to find.
