9th Swing

Part IX of a series.

     I had been away on business for almost three weeks. Sue and I hated 
to be separated for so long, but I was working on a new account that 
meant a lot of money to the business. My client wanted to build a resort 
in the mountains northwest of Yellowstone Park. I was hired to research 
the area, find a suitable location, and make an initial offer. I was 
hoping to wrap this trip up in a week or so. It looked like this could 
run more like a couple of months!
     Sue and I talked every couple of days on the telephone. We had not 
been separated like this since we had met. I really missed my wife. 
Sleeping alone in hotel after hotel was a real drag. When I called we 
would talk about everything that the other had done since our last 
conversation. Sue let me know every time that she needed me home. She 
told me she wanted to feel me next to her in bed. 
     It seemed that at least every other call ended up with a very 
graphic and sexual obscene conversation. We were both horny as hell and it 
didn't take much to get both of us going. 
     Once when I called, I asked Sue what she was up to. She answered, 
"Almost 10 inches." I asked what she meant by that and Sue told me what 
she was doing to herself. Sue said she had almost 10 inches of her 
favorite dildo/vibrator stuffed into her pussy. Even after the hard day 
I'd had, I perked right up. 
     Sue continued, "Oh John, I was so horny 
today thinking of you. My cunt is dripping with my juices. This 
vibrating cock I have here is sliding into me like a hot knife through 
butter. I hope that you don't mind if I masturbate while we talk. I wish 
this was your cock in my pussy right now. MY GOD...the vibrations on my 
swollen clit, I think I am going to cum already! Here it is, my love, 
listen to me cum...I'm ramming my cunt with this cock... OH 
YES!... I can just feel your cock spraying my pussy with your hot 
sperm... Oh John, that was fantastic! Thank you for listening; I 
really needed that!"
     I had really enjoyed listening to my wife fucking herself with that 
fake cock! My cock was pushing against my pants so hard that it hurt. I 
opened my zipper, reached inside and brought my cock out. As I listened 
to Sue cum, I began pumping my cock. I told her what I was now doing, 
thanking her for the orgasm that I knew I was going to have in a little 
while.
     As I pumped my cock in my hand, Sue said she wanted to be 
there and help me. I told her that I wished she could be with me, 
sucking my cock as I pumped into her mouth. She said she was 
rubbing her pussy again, the dildo was still stuffed inside of her. 
We were really getting into this phone sex! The phone calls were, 
without a doubt, the highlight of my busy days.
     Sue told me to close my eyes and listen closely to her for a while. 
She loved to talk dirty over the phone and make up elaborate sexual 
fantasies. I knew how turned on I got listening and told her my eyes 
were closed, I was laying on the hotel bed, I was totally naked and 
stroking my cock slowly.
     Sue: "Instead of having me there between your legs, wouldn't you 
love to have a strange woman licking your balls and cock?
     Me: "That would be nice, but remember -- we swing together.
     Sue: "I know honey -- just listen; this is fantasy. What if while you 
were there talking to me, you looked up and there was the maid staring 
at you while you jacked off? Look at her, John, she is standing in the 
doorway of your bedroom, she can see you pumping your beautiful cock, 
and she looks like she's turned on! You're speechless, trying not to 
let me hear your surprise at getting caught. You start to talk to me 
again, telling me to stick my fingers in my hot cunt. You don't want me 
to know SHE is there. You're worried I might get the WRONG IDEA. <G>
     As you look at her, she reaches under her uniform dress and rubs 
her thighs. She doesn't care that you see her, just like you now do not 
care that she is watching you masturbate. You look at her name tag: 
"Maria." She is about five-foot11 and is 150 pounds of Latin Sex Machine. 
Maria just reached up to undo the pin holding her beautiful raven hair, 
letting it fall to below her big ass. She is licking her sexy thick lips 
as she shakes her head, making her hair tousled like she had just fucked 
a room of conventioneers. 
     She is moving closer to your bed. You're having a more difficult 
time carrying on a conversation with me, but I go on, teasing you, trying 
to make you cum. I have no idea that Maria is there as I help you jack 
off for her.
     Maria has unbuttoned her dress completely. Her dress is open now in 
the front. She is not wearing a bra and you stare at her giant hanging 
tits. You are pumping your cock faster as she lifts one of her mammoth 
tits to her mouth to suck on her own nipple. Her hand is now buried 
under her panties, rubbing her cunt frantically. Her tits are the 
largest you have ever seen. She bends toward you on the 
bed, her massive tits just out of reach of your drooling mouth. She is 
teasing you, wanting to help me make you cum. You reach up to touch one 
of her dark nipples and as your hand brushes it lightly, she pulls away 
again. 
     Maria is taking her panties off. She wants you to see her open, 
hot, wet pussy. She pulls a chair closer to the bed, sits in it, spreads 
her legs for you and rams three fingers into her dripping cunt. Her 
mons is covered by a thick forest of silky black hair, her pussy lips a 
dark color, unlike my bright pink pussy lips.
     Pump your cock for her, honey, let her see you squirt your cum at 
her while you listen to your wife. She is humping her hand faster now. 
You increase your pumping, wanting to match your orgasm with hers, hoping 
I will cum then, too. I'm still fucking myself with my vibrator.
     Her eyes lock with yours as you see her tense and begin her orgasm. 
She begins to buck and sway her big hips, rubbing her stiff clit more 
intensely. Her big tits are bouncing in all directions. As her orgasm 
begins to recede, she stares at your throbbing cock again, opening her 
mouth as if taking your meat between her lips. She starts to suck her 
cum from her fingers. You love seeing a woman lick pussy juice from 
her fingers. 
     I start my cum, telling you to shoot your cum for me. I want you to 
cum with me. Maria is driving you nuts at the same time and your fist is 
pumping at a blinding speed. Maria's eyes light up as she sees your 
white cum blast from the end of your cock. She jumps up, kneels beside 
the bed and takes your big cock deep into her mouth. She missed the 
first couple of squirts of your cum, but you give her several more down 
her throat as you bury your cock to the balls in her mouth. I can hear 
you moaning your orgasm, knowing how good you feel, not knowing your 
blasting your cum into another woman!"
     As Sue finished her story, I wiped the puddle of cum from my hand 
with a Kleenex. She always knows when and where to end a good story. I 
thanked her for the great fantasy sex, telling her that Maria was great! 
<G>
     I told Sue I had to get going and would call her again in two 
days, I was going to be in the field looking at wilderness property. She 
wished me luck, telling me to get home soon -- she was tired of 
masturbating every day and needed some REAL sex. I told her I 
wouldn't mind if she wanted to invite Alexia over for a night or two. 
Sue said she was glad I didn't mind; she and Alex had talked 
about that very thing just the day before. Sue had never had sex with 
another woman without me there. We both thought it sounded like 
fun. I told her I envied her and to enjoy.
     Two nights later I called about 9:30 p.m. Sue's time. Alex answered 
the phone, to my surprise and delight. We talked for a couple of minutes 
and when I asked where Sue was, Alex said Sue was very busy. 
I asked to speak to Sue, but Alex told me she wasn't really 
able to talk right now. I asked Alex what she was talking about. Alex 
told me that Sue was VERY busy right between her young thighs, 
eating Alex's Pussy. They were in our bedroom, Alex said, had been 
waiting for my call, and got carried away. She moaned and sighed often 
as she talked to me. I was getting hot thinking about my wife licking 
this teenager's pussy while I talked to her. 
     As I listened, Alex said she wanted me to "hang on" for a 
minute, she was going to "CUM!" I could hear Alex 
drop the phone on the bed. I heard faint licking and slurping 
sounds, knowing that my wife was really working over Alex's cunt.
     After about two minutes of this, Sue came on the line. I could tell 
she was licking and wiping her face. I could just picture her face 
covered with Alex's juices. Sue said she was sorry that she hadn't come 
to the phone right away and hoped I wasn't upset. I assured her 
that I had enjoyed the call so far. I asked what they had been up to. 
     Sue said Alex 
had stopped by the night before and they had pretty much been 
fucking and sucking each other continuously since then. Sue said 
they took a break now and then for sleep and food, though. <G>
     As Sue and I talked, I heard Alex scream! I asked what was going 
on, worrying that something was wrong. Sue told me to hold on a minute. 
I impatiently waited a good four or five very long minutes.
     When Sue returned to the line she was giggling, which put me at 
ease, anyway. Sue said that when she was just making it with Alex, they 
had not only left the lights on in the bedroom, but had forgotten about 
the curtains being open. When Alex had got up to close the 
drapes, she saw a glowing little light in the next door neighbor's 
upstairs bedroom window. Alex had stepped away from the window and 
flipped our bedroom light off. That's when she screamed. 
     Sue went on to tell me that Alex and she had crawled over to the 
window and looked closer at the neighbors window. Sure enough, there was 
the glow again. Someone was obviously sitting near the window smoking a 
cigarette, and more than likely getting a great X-Rated live sex show! 
The girls could see the silhouette of someone against a background 
light. 
     Sue said she was SO embarrassed; what if it was our old fuddy-duddy 
neighbor, Mr. Howard, or worse yet, Mrs. Howard? 
     I told Sue I knew that neither of our neighbors smoked. I asked Sue 
if the Howard's had company, since I knew the bedroom across from ours 
was a guest bedroom and not used often.
     Alex said she had seen a guy she hadn't seen before 
going into the Howard's earlier with Mr. Howard. She added that he 
looked to be in his mid-thirties, wasn't that great-looking, and had 
smiled at her when he saw her looking his way. I told Sue the guy 
was more than likely the son Mr. Howard was always talking about. 
Sue was really embarrassed now, thinking about the "shameful" display 
that she and Alex had put on for Mr. and Mrs. Howard's son. What if he told 
his parents?
     I told Sue I doubted very seriously that he would tell his 
parents. He might screw up the chance of seeing more of the same from 
our bedroom window in the time he was visiting. I doubted that he was 
offended about what he saw; he did sit there with his lights out 
watching them. 
     Sue said that she agreed -- he was probably jacking off while 
watching them. Sue said that Alex and she were giggling about the idea 
of a stranger watching them have sex. 
     I had to go and told them to enjoy themselves and not to get in any 
trouble. I knew the kind of ideas Sue and Alex could come up with 
together. I told Sue that I didn't think I would get home for at 
least another three or four weeks. 
     Sue got quiet for a second or two and when I asked her if there was 
anything wrong, she asked me to be quiet and just listen to her for a 
minute or two. She said t she had been thinking about some things and 
wanted to discuss them with me. Sue said she knew I loved her more than 
anything, adding she felt the same towards me. She told me that she knew 
that we had agreed to always swing together, never separately, but she 
felt a little guilty about the fun she and Alex were having. I told her 
that I WAS NOT GOING TO GO OUT AND PICK UP A GUY FOR ME! She laughed, 
telling me that she wanted me to go out and pick up some good-looking 
woman and fuck her as much as I wanted. She added that I would have to 
call her and tell her every detail, though! She assured me that she would 
not be jealous or upset and added that this only held for these very 
extended business trips; I wasn't to get the idea that I could do this 
any time I wanted without telling her about it. 
     I was a little surprised at Sue's idea. I felt even closer to her 
now. I knew that we really did trust each other completely and would 
always be together. I told Sue that if the situation arose, I MIGHT take 
the opportunity. I let Sue know that I was turned on by the idea of 
picking up a strange woman, I hadn't done that for a long time; I 
was a little nervous about it. Sue told me to give it a try and then 
call her when the woman left. I said I MIGHT, but to be fair, Sue 
was also free to fuck another man while I was gone. We agreed to give it 
a try -- no relationships; just raw, wild sex!
     I was real busy for the next couple of days and didn't get in a 
call to Sue, let alone pick up some hot piece. I was real close to 
sealing a deal. Maybe I would get home sooner than I thought.
     I called Sue on Friday night. Again, Alex answered! I asked if Sue 
was "busy" again, wondering what they were up to now. It was after 
midnight and it didn't sound like I woke Alex up. Alex said that Sue was 
in the bathroom, asking me if I wanted to know what she was really 
doing in there. I said of course I wanted to know. Then I heard a 
rustling sound and Sue came on the line.
     Sue first told me how much she loved me. Then she said that she and 
Alex had just been fucked by two of Alex's high-school boyfriends. She 
said that she was in the bathroom cleaning her sore pussy when I called. 
Sue said the whole room smelled of pussy and cum. Sue asked if I 
was upset with her, asking if I had found anyone to fuck yet.
     I told her that I felt a twinge of jealousy, to be honest, but 
I was also turned on by the idea of Alex and her seducing two young guys 
from Alex's school. I told her I hadn't even had time to meet 
another woman yet. Maybe tomorrow night, I said. I wanted to know EVERY 
detail of their lusty night, I told Sue to leave nothing out, I wanted 
to masturbate while she told me.
     Sue said:
     Well, after I talked to you the other night, Alex and I 
were talking and I told her of our "agreement." She wanted to go get 
some guys right then! I told her I had to think about it a bit 
first. 
     The next morning, Alex and I were sitting on the back deck drinking 
coffee. We had on our shorty housecoats, as we enjoyed the morning 
air. Our silence was interrupted when Mr. Howard yelled out to us from 
his side of the rear fence. He wanted to introduce his son, Mark, to us. 
     We both sat up, startled at being seen outside in pretty 
skimpy clothes. Mark and his dad stayed behind the fence as I introduced 
myself and Alex. We stayed in our chairs, knowing that both men 
would be able to see "everything" if we got up. We talked for only 
two or three minutes and then Alex made a sly remark to Mark. She said 
that she was glad to meet him, and he should keep his eyes open and maybe 
they would see more of each other. Mark had an embarrassed grin on his 
face. It seemed obvious that we knew about him watching us the night 
before. Mark quickly turned and went into the house. 
     Mr. Howard remarked that Mark was always "shy with the girls." As 
Mr. Howard's eyes devoured our scantly clad bodies, Alex and I said our 
goodbyes, rose and entered the house. Mr. Howard's eyes nearly popped 
out when he realized how nearly naked we were. When I turned to wave, I saw 
him staring at Alex and me, a large bulge clearly visible in his pants. 
We had actually gotten the old coot aroused!
     Alex and I went shopping that day and out to dinner that evening. 
We got home later than I thought we would, about 10:00 p.m. 
When we were walking toward the house, I noticed the light in 
the neighbors' guest room go out all of a sudden. From the corner of my 
eye I could see the silhouette standing there watching again. I told 
Alex about my suspicions when we got inside. Alex turned one downstairs 
light on and then started up the stairs. She said she was going to 
OPEN the drapes in the bedroom before turning on any more lights. She 
said she didn't want to be too obvious, and trotted upstairs, laughing 
hysterically. I knew what she had in mind and the idea of knowingly putting 
on a show for "shy" Mark intrigued me.
     I told Sue that I wished that I could have been there to watch 
also. I started to massage my balls and cock, asking Sue to go on.
     She continued:
     I locked up the house, turned the security system 
on, and went upstairs to our bedroom. Alex was casually getting 
undressed. The light was on now and the curtain open. It took conscious 
thought to NOT look out or at the window. Alex told me to strip like she 
was. We agreed to give this guy a show he could never forget.
     Both of us took our time getting down to our bra and panties. Alex 
had been wearing a short skirt with sexy black stockings and garter 
belt. I asked her to leave the hose and garter belt on. You should have 
seen how sexy she looked, John. I think Alex's tits are getting 
bigger since we first made love to her. They're fuller, the nipples 
wider I think. Her girlish hips seem to be filling in some, also. She's 
turning into a real sex goddess. 
     We stood in clear view of the window while getting undressed. 
We pretended we had forgotten about the curtain again, acting like 
we would never think someone could see us. I walked over to Alex 
and took her in my arms, kissing her on the mouth and running my tongue 
deep into her. We stood there in front of that window making out for at 
least two minutes. I told Alex to calmly follow me into the master 
bathroom. I knew the shade in there was closed and he wouldn't be able to 
see us. We went into the bathroom, leaving the light off. We 
closed the door to make it real dark and pulled the shade to the side 
slightly, peeking across to the neighbor's house. 
     There was Mark, standing real close to the window, moving and 
trying to change his view angle to see what we were doing. He couldn't 
see us watching him, but we could plainly see that he was completely naked. 
A light was on in his bathroom, allowing us to see into his 
room quite well. He was backlit enough for us to make out his hard cock 
sticking out in front of him. This guy was really hung. It was hard to 
judge, but he had at least nine inches and maybe more. He had his right hand wrapped 
around his stiff cock, not moving, waiting to see us again. Alex said 
it was too bad this guy was shy; with a cock like that he could be 
pretty popular with a lot of women.
     We decided to start the show. I was glad Mark couldn't hear 
us, although he was going to miss a lot of good sound effects in the 
show to which we were going to treat him.
     Alex walked back into the bedroom and sat on the bed facing the 
window, but not looking at it. I watched through the shade to see what 
Mark would do when he saw Alex come into view again. I knew as soon as 
he was able see Alex -- his hand started to move on his cock and he 
stepped back from the window more. Mark took a seat, obviously 
set up to watch the show. He'd probably been praying to see more of 
what he'd seen before. Alex and I were going to make him wish he 
was home for good, instead of just visiting.
     I removed my bra, squeezed my nipples to make them hard, and walked 
into the bedroom. Alex was lazing on the bed, acting like she was 
trying to entice me into bed. I went to our secret drawer and got out 
my new toy. I forgot to tell you, John -- Alex and I went to an adult 
bookstore yesterday and I bought one of those monstrous double headed 
dildo/vibrators that two women can use together. Anyway, when I turned 
toward the bed and Alex saw the dildo, her eyes flew wide open. She sat 
up on the bed and told me to hurry and get into bed.
     I laid the dildo on the bed and reached behind Alex to unhook her 
bra. As I slowly removed her bra, releasing her young tits, I bent and 
licked and kissed each nipple. Alex's hands were all over me. She 
immediately ran her right hand through my bush, feeling my wetness and 
spreading my pussy lips. We laid down on the bed, our legs to the 
window. Alex laid on her back and raised her legs, spreading them wide. 
Her little pussy was wide open, her pink lips wet with her juices. I 
laid on my left side, sliding my crotch close to Alex's, our pussies 
rubbing against each other.
     I picked up the huge dildo and turned the vibrator switch on. We 
both giggled at the sound. It wasn't as loud as a chain saw, but it was pretty 
noisy; it takes six C-cell batteries! Alex was grinding her cunt into 
mine, mixing our wetness, and begging me to fuck her with the big cock. 
Neither of us had ever had anything like it inside.
     I inserted the vibrating head of one side of the dildo into Alex's 
cunt as she spread her lips for me. She had to push hard to get the 
monster into her tight little pussy. When she and I were able to work 
about three or four inches of the cock into her she was bucking against it, yelling 
about how great this huge vibrating cock felt in her cunt. I was getting 
turned on watching her enjoy it. I took the other end and 
inserted its vibrating head into my dripping pussy. We had to actually 
move apart more -- we each had about nine or ten inches of this thing buried inside of 
our bodies and there was still at least a foot to go! As wide as this 
cock is, we were both maxed out, completely filled!
     John, just think of the view Mark was getting as Alex and I began 
fucking each other! We moved in unison: Every time we pushed towards 
each other, the dildo slid in, rolling our outer pussy lips inward. When 
we both pulled away, our lips pulled out, gripping the thickness of the 
fake cock. We'd pull apart until just the heads were in us and then ram 
back, burying as much of the vibrator inside of us as we could. This is 
absolutely a fantastic invention, being able to actually fuck another 
woman at the same time as being fucked by her. I can't wait to let you 
watch me with another woman using this thing!
     It took about five minutes of humping to get each of us off. I 
pulled the cock out of my pussy with a loud sloppy sound and crawled 
between Alex's thighs. As she was beginning to return to earth from her 
orgasm, I shoved forward on the vibrator and then removed it from her 
stretched cunt. I wish you could have been there, honey; I know you love 
to see me eat another woman. I bent down and lapped the juices from her 
pussy. She had soaked the sheet, she was so wet. I flipped over on top 
of her and lowered my pussy to her eagerly waiting mouth. Alex and I 
were really getting into putting on this depraved sex show for our 
viewer. We licked and sucked each other for another 20 minutes, each of 
us getting another earth-shattering cum. 
     Alex and I cuddled for a little while and then cleaned up, getting 
ready to call it a night. We were hoping Mark enjoyed the show; 
we were sure he had. I turned the lights out and Alex and I watched 
Mark's window. He was gone from the window. We figured that he had gone 
to take a cold shower.
     I told Sue I knew Mark had to really enjoy the show, since I 
had cum while pumping my cock just listening to her tell what 
he got to see. He must have shot his load all over the window seeing 
these two foxes making lesbian love to each other. He must have been 
really confused, knowing that Sue and I were married and knowing I 
was away on business.
     Sue told me there was a lot more to tell me about yet. I told 
Sue to go on, I wanted to know all of the JUICY details. Sue told me 
Alex was laying next to her on the bed, sleeping already. She said 
that our previously innocent young babysitter had become a sexual 
dynamo, bordering on a nymphomaniac! Further, she said, Alex was getting 
devious. She had sort of tricked Sue into what went on tonight. I felt 
my cock twitch again at the thought.
     Sue returned to her story. 
     I was in the kitchen, cleaning up the 
dinner dishes. Alex had gone to the store for me to pick up some 
groceries I needed. Alex had almost moved in since the first night 
I invited her to stay. Not that I minded; I was enjoying the company in 
your absence. I sure wish you were here with me, my love.
     Anyway, I had just gotten out of the shower and had only my bra and 
panties on. ALL of the curtains were closed; I wasn't going to overdue 
the sex shows to Mark. I didn't want him to do anything we all might 
regret, if you know what I mean. I heard the front door open, knowing 
it had to be Alex, I had given her a key while she was staying 
here. Alex called out, I answered that I was in the kitchen. I 
turned as Alex came into the kitchen, carrying some groceries. She told 
me she had met a couple friends at the store and time had 
slipped away. She hoped I wasn't worried. I told her I'd 
been busy cleaning up and taking a shower and had not even noticed 
she had been gone for an hour and a half already.
     Alex said she had picked up a surprise for me at the store. I 
asked about it and she said she left it in the den by the 
fireplace. I turned to go to the den and Alex stopped me, telling me 
that I had to cover my eyes first. Then she said she knew that I 
would peek early, so she was going to blindfold me. I played along with 
her little game, anxious to see what she could have bought me at the 
store. She hadn't said at which store she had picked me up something; 
maybe she had gone back to the Adult Store! 
     I let her blindfold me with a kitchen towel and then lead me into 
the den. She sat me on the couch in front of the fire. I had started a 
fire earlier. The evening was a little chilly and I'd figured that Alex 
and I would get naked and play in front of the fire later. I heard the 
very distinct sound of a zipper being opened, figuring that Alex was 
getting undressed. I was already almost naked -- my bra and panties were 
some of my tiniest. Then I heard another zipper -- and then another! 
Either Alex was moving her zipper up and down, or there was somebody 
besides Alex and me here in this room. 
     I got nervous, asking Alex what was going on. She stood in front of 
me, rubbing her naked breasts against my face. I eagerly sucked one of 
her hard nipples into my mouth. Alex ran her hands behind me, unhooked 
my bra and removed it. I could feel the heat from the fireplace on my 
tits. Alex's hands ran over my bare breasts and I felt my nipples 
immediately stand at attention. She lifted each of my big tits and 
licked each nipple. 
     I was still blindfolded but had all but forgotten about the "other" 
zippers that I had heard. Alex removed my wet panties, I lifted my ass 
to help her get them off. I asked about my surprise and then felt SIX 
hands running all over my body. Alex was playing with my pussy when I 
felt new hands grabbing my tits, squeezing them hard. I stiffened in 
shock, not knowing what was going on or who had joined Alex in caressing 
my naked body. I reached up and removed the blindfold.
     There, bending before me, their hands full of my tits, were two 
cute teenage boys. They were totally naked, and I was staring at two 
rock-hard youthful cocks.
     I sat up straight. I was shocked that Alex had been able to get me 
into this position. I asked Alex what she thought she was doing and who 
these boys were! The boys jumped back, trying to cover their small cocks 
with their hands. They thought they were in big trouble, wondering how 
they had let Alex talk them into this. 
     Alex had apparently met these guys at the market. She said they 
were close friends of hers. They had asked her to join them for a drive 
out to lovers' lane to meet some other people. 
     Alex had told them she had a better idea. She told me she had 
promised each of the two guys about a week ago that they could fuck her 
some night soon. Since she had been staying here she hadn't had the 
chance. She told the boys they could fuck her as many times as they 
wanted that night if they would just play along with a little game she 
wanted to play. Alex told the boys she was staying over at an "older" 
lady's house all week and that she and the lady were getting horny 
talking about sex and experiences. She told them this lady had never 
been fucked by anyone besides her husband, who was away on business. She 
was sure that if she arranged it just right, they would be able to fuck 
this lady, also. They had been worried about getting in trouble, 
thinking the lady might not want two kids trying to fuck her, would get 
pissed off and call their parents. 
     I looked at Alex, then at the boys. They were scared to death, were 
probably worried about getting grounded for life. Alex told me I had 
always said I would like to try out some of her school friends sometime 
-- and she'd been thinking this was the perfect opportunity. I smiled at 
the boys, asking them their names. Both boys seemed to loosen 
up a lot then, introducing themselves as Matt and Scott. 
     What could I do? These boys had just watched Alex and I fondling 
each other openly. I was totally naked, still sitting on the couch. I 
couldn't help but look at Matt and Scott's bodies. Matt was in great 
shape, smooth taut skin, and that cock jumping in anticipation. Matt was 
about five-foot-six and 145 pounds, with a five- or six-inch cock. Scott 
was cute but not in as good shape as Matt. He was chubby and a couple 
of inches shorter than Matt. His little cock looked as hard as a rock, 
though much shorter than Matt's.
     I told the boys to take a seat next to me, telling them that first 
there had to be some ground rules that they must swear to adhere to. 
Both said that they would do ANYTHING that I asked of them. Scott was 
really shy; Matt did most of the talking. I told them this was more 
than likely a one-shot deal; after tonight they were not to come to my 
house unless asked by myself, personally. They were to be very discreet 
and not tell ANYBODY else about what they had done. Alex added that if 
they EVER wanted to fuck her again, they had better follow the rules. 
Both boys actually raised their right hands and swore they would keep 
this secret forever.
    I reached over and took Scott's little prick in my hand. He was 
startled and I asked him if he had ever had a girl or woman touch him or 
have sex with him before. He looked at Matt and Alex first, he was 
embarrassed, but honestly said "No, Ma'am." I told him to call me "Sue"; 
we were going to become very close friends tonight and I did not want 
friends or lovers calling me "Ma'am."
     My hand was able to completely enclose his whole cock. I squeezed 
and pumped it a couple of times and felt it throb violently and watched 
cum begin to squirt from the tip. He had gotten so excited having a 
woman touch him like he did every night in his room! Scott blushed at 
having cum already. I bent down and took his whole cock into my mouth, 
catching the last couple of spurts of cum, swallowing and then licking 
up what had spilled onto his stomach and legs. I sat up and asked Scott 
if he had liked that. All he could do was nod. 
     I took his hands and placed them on my heaving breasts, I was 
getting turned on, getting my second virgin cock SINCE I got married. I 
laid back and told Scott to explore my body, to touch me ANYWHERE he 
wanted. As his hands began roaming over my tits and down to my muff, I 
looked over to see Alex on her knees in front of Matt, sucking his cock 
deep into her mouth. She enjoyed being able to take ALL of his hard cock 
into her mouth. I saw her tongue snake out when her mouth reached the 
base of his cock. She licked up the length of it and then fucked it back 
into her mouth again.
     Matt was holding the sides of Alex's head while he pumped into her 
sucking mouth. I told Scott to watch his friend fill Alex's mouth with 
his cum, I knew he was close. He slammed into her mouth a couple of more 
times and then blasted his hot boy cum into her throat. She didn't miss 
one drop; she swallowed all of his cum. She was getting cocksucking 
down really well. Her cheeks flexed in and out as she sucked and 
swallowed. 
     John, you wouldn't believe how hot this kid was getting me. He was 
exploring my cunt with his fingers. I could tell that he had never even 
seen a real cunt before, let alone touched one. He was sucking on one of 
my tits while running his middle finger through my slit. When he found 
my hard nub, he took it and rolled it in his fingers, causing me to buck 
against his hand. This kid caught on fast. He was paying attention to 
what actions brought pleasure to this 39-year-old body. 
     I asked Scott if he would like to learn about oral sex. I explained 
that women loved to have a man lick and suck their pussies, just like 
men loved to have their cocks licked and sucked. He said, "Would you 
really let me do that? I've read about that but thought only whores 
let guys do that kind of thing." I told Scott that I would be his 
whore just for tonight. Alex turned and added that if Matt and Scott 
wanted to fuck her, they would have to eat her first. She said she 
was going to get a good cum too. Most of the boys she let fuck her just 
stuck their cock in her, pumped a couple of times, came and then were 
DONE. She swore that NO boy would get away with that again.
     I told Scott to get on his knees on the floor between my thighs. As 
he did, I spread my legs wide to give him a wide open view of his first 
adult cunt. I used my fingers to spread my lips apart, pointing 
out my clit and the hole where I would let him stick his cock later. I 
couldn't believe I was spread out here on our couch honey, letting 
a young boy stare into my wide-open cunt. I was going to let this boy 
fuck my pussy without my husband being here! It felt adulterous, even 
though we had made our agreement.
     Scott bent forward, sniffed my musk and complemented me on my 
beautiful pussy. I told him to lick along my cunt and when he got to my 
clit he was to flick his tongue over it and suck it into his mouth, also. 
He followed my instructions perfectly. I didn't have to say another word 
of instruction; he took to cunt licking like an old timer. He rammed his 
tongue into my pussy hole, sucking the juice that oozed from me. When he 
reached my clit, his tongue flicked over it so fast that I came with a very 
intense orgasm. I told him that women get excited and cum easily 
sometimes, also.
     I scooted down on the cushion so that my pussy hung over the edge 
of the couch. I took Scott's little cock, which was already as hard as 
steel, 
and inserted the uncircumcised head into my pussy. He pushed forward and 
sank in completely, burying his cock in my tight cunt. I had to squeeze 
my cunt muscles hard to feel his little cock sliding into me. I wanted 
his first fuck to be memorable. As Scott began pumping into me, he 
reached up and played with my big tits. He said he had never seen 
such huge tits naked before, except in pictures. I told him to enjoy 
himself and touch me as much as he liked. I fucked against his pounding 
strokes, twisting my hips up, down, left and right. He howled, "Look at 
me, Matt! I'm fucking a real woman! It's great, isn't it? Much better than 
jacking off!" I wrapped my legs around his little butt and pulled him 
into me as far as I could get him. Sine he had already had one orgasm, I 
hoped he could last until I came again.
     I felt the couch depress next to me and saw Alex take a position 
bent forward, her beautiful ass sticking up and back towards 
Matt's approaching cock. Matt had done this before. He stepped right 
between Alex's legs and rammed his cock home in one shot. She was 
bucking and twisting against Matt, telling him to fuck her hard and 
fast. He was slamming into her young pussy with all of his strength. His 
body was slapping into Alex's ass cheeks hard. I thought she was 
going to have a bruised ass when he was done with her.
     Alex reached over and began rubbing my clit, touching Scott's cock 
as he hammered into me. Both boys seemed shocked seeing two women 
touching each other. They had never heard about bisexual love, thinking 
any woman who would touch another woman was a lesbian and didn't 
like men, but here they were, both getting laid as the two women ran 
their hands over each other. I was rubbing Alex's pussy and clit for her, 
also. I could feel how hard Matt was fucking Alex. I couldn't wait to 
have him fuck me like that! 
     I wrapped my hand around his cock as it rammed in and out of her 
pussy. He grunted and sent his load shooting into our young friend. Alex 
could feel him cumming and came with a scream. She was 
really whipping my clit and I blasted off in orgasm next, telling Scott 
that I wanted him to unload his cum into my pussy. I told Scott and Matt 
that if they asked nice, Alex and I would show them how to clean up a 
cum-filled pussy. Scott's cock started throbbing and spraying his hot 
cum inside of me. His cock popped out of my cunt when I squeezed my 
pussy hard. We watched his cum dripping from my cunt hole.
     Alex moved between my legs and said she wanted to taste 
Scott's cum. Matt asked her if she was really going to lick another 
woman's cunt. Alex said we had been doing that with each other for 
a while and that though we preferred men and their cocks, making 
love to a woman was great. The boys watched in awe as Alex bent and 
sucked Scott's dripping cum into her mouth from my cunt. Next Alex laid 
back and I did the same, licking Matt's cum from her pussy. He had 
really filled her cunt up; there was SO much of it! 
     I was no sooner done when I felt a prodding of a hard cock again. 
Matt had knelt behind me and was working his cock closer to my open, hot 
pussy. I felt Matt take his cock and rub it along my pussy crack, 
getting the head of his circumcised cock wet from my juices. When he 
tried to poke himself into my pussy, he missed and ended up with the 
head of his cock in my asshole! At first we were both in shock. I hadn't 
expected that at all. He really hadn't expected it, either. He apologized 
right away, saying he really didn't mean to do that. When he 
started to pull out of my ass, I pushed back against him, burying more 
of his cock in my stretched out asshole. I told him that it was okay -- 
I liked having a man fuck my ass now and then. 
     Again Matt was shocked. He said he never would've believed anyone 
would want a cock in the ass. He wanted to know if it hurt. I told him 
sometimes it was uncomfortable at first, but that it got easier 
and looser as my ass adjusted to having a man inside of it. Since he was 
not "full grown" yet it I knew this was going to be no problem. 
Matt began sawing his cock in and out of my ass, commenting on the 
tightness. It felt so good to have his cock in my ass! 
     Alex rolled over next to me and told Scott that she wanted to be 
fucked in the ass, too. Boys may not last long, but they can get hard 
again real fast. He pushed into Alex's rear in one stroke. I had reached 
over and rubbed her pussy juices over her little asshole for her to make 
his entry easier. She swallowed his cock into her ass as easily as she 
would her pussy.
     
     Sue then told me they had let the boys fuck them several more times 
that night. She said each of those boys had to have cum at least six or 
eight times! I remembered what it was like at that age. Teenage boys are 
just walking hard cocks and sex is always foremost in their minds. Sue 
said they had almost had to force the boys to leave -- they kept wanting 
more fucking and sucking. Alex finally told them that if they left now, 
she would meet them the next night and they both could fuck her for 
a couple of hours. They finally agreed and got dressed. Sue thanked them 
for a wonderful evening and reminded them of the agreement. They both 
said they would never forget her or that night, thanking Sue and Alex 
for fulfilling many of their fantasies.
     So my wife had actually been fucked without me there! I wasn't hurt 
or jealous at all -- just turned on. I was starting to look forward to the 
next night. It would be a Saturday and the local country bar would be 
hopping, from what I had heard from the locals. I told Sue she 
should get some rest, telling her to make sure that she didn't wear her 
pussy out before my return. I let her know I planned on trying my 
luck the next night. Sue wished me luck, saying she wished she 
could be a fly on the wall of my room that night. Sue added that I had 
better not forget where "Home" was, though. I had no doubt that there was 
not a woman on earth that could make me forget that!

     Don't miss the continuation of this story in "10SWING.ZIP." I'll 
let you all know how the night life in Billings was that Saturday night.


========================================================================
NixPix Windy City (NixPix Net HQ)    708 564 1754
NixPix Central (the original Nick)   303 920 1263
NixPix Sweden                        011 46 40 110590
NixPix Austria                       011 43 7719 8871
NixPix Finland                       011 358 0 298 3390

Remember -- fun and communication is what we're all about!
==========================================================================
