                 TRADITIONAL AND PERIOD SONGS FOR THE SCA
                                -trans. by Ioseph of Locksley
             All are Public Domain, save where otherwise noted

                                * 

                           A CALLING-ON SONG
                                recorded by Steeleye Span
                                        "Below the Salt"
                                revised by Ioseph of Locksley

                Good people, pray heed my petition
                Your attention I beg and I crave
                for if you are inclined for to listen
                An abundance of pastime will have

                I am come to relate many stories
                Concerning our Forefather's Time
                And I trust they will drive out your worries
                Of this we are all in one mind

                Many tales of the poor and the gentry
                Of labour and love will arise
                There are no finer songs in this country
                In East, West or Middle likewise

                There is one thing more needing mention
                The dances are danced all in fun
                So, now that you've heard my intention
                I'll lay on to the beat of the Drum!

                                *  

                             GAUDETE
                                from: Piae Cantones (Swedish, 1582)
                                Recorded by Steeleye Span "Below the Salt"

               Gaudete! Gaudete Christus est natus
               Ex Maria Virginae, gaudete!               (repeat)

                Tempus ad est gratiae
                Hoc quod optibamus
                Carmina laetitae
                Devote redamus

                Deus homo factus est
                Naturam erante
                Mundus renovatus est
                A Christo regnante!

                Ezecheelis porta
                Clausa per transistor
                Unde lux est orta
                Sallus invenitor

                Ergo nostra contio
                Psallat jam in lustro
                Benidicat domino
                Sallus Regi Nostro!
                                *

                                *
                        KING HENRY (Child #32)
                               recorded by Steeleye Span "Below the Salt"

 Let never a man a-wooing wend that lacketh thing-s three:
 A store of gold, an open heart, and full of charity
 And this was said of King Henry, as he lay quite alone
 For he's taken him to a Haunted hall, seven miles from the town

 He's chased the deer now him before, and the doe down by the glen
 When the fattest buck in all the flock, King Henry he has slain
 His huntsmen followed him to the Hall, to make them burly cheer
 When loud the wind was heard to howl, and an earthquake rocked the floor

 As darkness covered all the Hall where they sat at their meat
 The grey dogs, yowling, left their food and crept to Henry's feet
 And louder howled the rising wind, and burst the fastened door
 When in there came a grisly ghost, stamping on the floor! 

 Her head hit the rooftree of the house, her middle you could not span
 Each frightened Huntsman fled the hall, and left the King alone
 Her teeth were like the tether-stakes, her nose like club or mall
 And nothing less she seemed to be than a Fiend that comes from Hell!

 Some meat, some meat, you King Henry, some meat you bring to me
 Go kill your horse, you King Henry, and bring some meat to me!
 And he has slain his berry-brown steed, it made his heart full sore
 For she's eaten it up, both skin and bone, left nothing but hide and hair!

 More meat, more meat, you King Henry, more meat you give to me!
 Oh you must kill your good greyhounds, and bring some meat to me!
 And he has slain his good greyhounds, it made his heart full sore
 For she's eaten them up, both skin and bone, left nothing but hide and hair!

 More meat, more meat, you King Henry, more meat you give to me!
 Oh, you must slay your good goshawks, and bring some meat to me!
 And he has slain his good goshawks, it made his heart full sore
 For she's eaten them up, both skin and bone, left nothing but feathers bare!

 Some drink, some drink, you King Henry, some drink you give to me
 Oh you sew up your horse's hide, and bring some drink to me!
 And he's sewn up the bloody hide, and a pipe of wine put in
 And she's drank it up all in one drop, left never a drop therein!

 A bed, a bed, now King Henry, a bed you'll make for me!
 Oh you must pull the heather green, and make it soft for me!
 And he has pulled the heather green, and made for her a bed
 And taken has he his good mantle, and over it he has spread.

 Take off your clothes, now King Henry, and lie down by my side!
 Now swear, now swear, you King Henry, to take me as your Bride!
 Oh God forbid, said King Henry, that ever the like betide;
 That ever a Fiend that comes from Hell should stretch down by my side!

 Then the night was gone, and the day was come and the sun did fill the Hall
 The fairest Lady that ever was seen lay twixt him and the wall!
 I've met with many a Gentle Knight that gave me such a fill,
 But never before with a Perfect Knight, that gave me all my Will!
                                *







                                *

                        ALL THRU THE NIGHT

        While the Moon her watch is keeping
                        all thru the night
        While the weary world is sleeping
                        all thru the night
        O'er thy spirit gently stealing,
        Visions of delight revealing
        Breathes a pure and holy feeling
                        all thru the night

        Though this Bard must roam full lonely
        My true harp shall sing praise only
        Love's soft dream, alas, is over
        Yet my strains of love shall hover
        Near the Presence of my Lover

        Hark! A solemn bell is ringing
        Thou, my King are heavenward winging
        Earthly dust from off Thee shaken
        Soul immortal shalt thou waken
        With thy last, dim journey taken

        Neath this Stone my King is sleeping
        Stars around Him softly sweeping
        Once and Future King preserving
        Britain's Saviour there reserving
        All around him Stars observing
                        all thru the night

        Holl am ran-tire sehr thuh wed-ont
                        ahr heed ah nos
        Dum-ar forth ee vro go-gawn-yont
                        ahr heed ah nos
        Gol-i ar-all you tuh wull ooch
        ee are thang os gweer bred vairtch-ooch
        tie-leer nave oith m'yoon thu-wail-ooch
                        ahr heed ah nos

                note: The last verse is phonetic Welsh.
                      "ll" is pronounced by putting the tip of your
                      tongue to the roof of your mouth, and saying "h"
                      and "l" at the same time...sort of.
                      "ch" is pronounced as German.

                                *






                                *

                    FARAIS UN VERS DREIT RIEN
                                -William IX, Count of Poitiers
                                 tune: Ioseph of Locksley
                                       copyright 1976 W.J.Bethancourt III
                                 recorded: "Celtic Circle Dance"

                I'll make some verses just for fun
                Not about me, nor anyone
                Nor deeds that noble Knights have done,
                Nor Love's ado
                I made them riding, in the sun..
                My horses helped, too!

                When I was born? I cannot say!
                I am not sad, I am not fey,
                I am not stiff, nor degage...
                What shall I do?
                Long since, enchanted by a Fay,
                Star-touched I grew.

                Dreaming for living I'll mistake
                Unless I'm told when I'm awake
                My heart is sad, and nigh to break
                With bitter rue
                And I don't care three crumbs of cake
                Nor even two!

                So ill am I that Death I fear
                (I nothing know but what I hear...)
                I hope there is a doctor near
                no matter who!
                If he can cure me, I'll pay dear;
                If not: He's thru!

                I have a Lady; who, or where 
                I cannot tell you, but I swear
                She treats me neither ill, nor fair,
                But I'm not blue...
                Just as the * Normans * stay...up there...
                OUT of Poitou!

                I have not seen, yet I adore
                This distant love, she sets no store
                On what I think, and furthermore...
                ('tis sad, but true)
                Others there are...some three...or four...
                I'm....faithful....to!

                I've made this verse, if you'll allow
                I think I'll pass it on right now
                To one who'll send it on, somehow,
                Up to Anjou.
                He'd tell me what it means, I vow,
                If he but knew!

                                *


                                *

                      DIE GEDANKEN SIND FREI
                          -from the Bundshuh Rebellion
                           March 17, 1525
       Translation by Arthur Kevess copyright 1950 People's Songs Inc.
                       recorded by the Limelighters "Live - In Person"

                Die Gedanken sind frei, wer kann sie erraten?
                Sie fliehen vorbei wie naechlichte shaten
                Kein Mensch kann sie wissen, kein Jager ershiessen
                Es bleibet dabei: die Gedanken sind frei!

        Die Gendanken sind frei: my thoughts freely flower
        Die Gedanken sind frei: my thoughts give me power
        No scholar can map them, no hunter can trap them
        No man can deny: Die Gedanken sind frei!

                Ich denke was ich will, und was mich begluecket
                Doch alles in der Still, und wie es sich shicket
                Mein Wunsch und Begehren kann niemand verwehren
                Es bleibet dabei: Die Gedanken sind frei!

        I think as I please, and this gives me pleasure
        My concience decrees: this Right I must treasure!
        My thoughts will not cater to Duke nor Dictator
        No man can deny: Die Gedanken sind frei!

                Und sperrt man mich ein im finsteren Kerker
                Das alles sind rein vegebliche Werke;
                Denn meine Gedanken zerreissen die Schranken
                Und Mauern entzwei: Die Gedanken sind frei!

        And if tyrants take me and throw me in prison
        My thoughts will burst free, like blossoms in season!
        Foundations will crumble, the prison will tumble,
        And free men will cry: Die Gedanken sind frei!

        Es bleibet dabei: Die Gedanken Sind Frei!

                                *

                               RUE
                                -Anonymous
                                -recorded by Theodore Bikel

    Come, all you fair and tender girls that flourish in your prime, prime
    Beware, beware, make your garden fair; let no man steal your thyme, thyme
    Let no man steal your thyme.

    For when your thyme is past and gone he'll care no more for you, you
    And every day that your garden is waste will be spread o'er with rue, rue
    Will be spread o'er with rue.

    A woman is a branched tree, and Man a singing wind, wind
    And from her branches, carelessly, he'll take what he can find, find
    He'll take what he can find.

                                *


                                *

                        WHERE DOES IT LEAD?
                                -Anonymous
                                 recorded by Theodore Bikel

                Where does it lead, this strange young love of mine?
                Only Heaven and the lilies know!
                Where does it lead, this strange young love of mine?
                I must go down where the lilies grow....
                Play on a lily reed, lily low
                Play on until she too, heeds my woe!

                Where does it lead, this strange young love of mine?
                Any place it leads me I will go.

                                *

                          TWO MAGICIANS
                           (Child #44)
                           recorded by Steeleye Span "Below the Salt"

                She looked out of the window, as white as any milk
                He looked in at the window, as black as any silk

                (Chorus): Hello, hello, hello, hello you coal black smith
                          You have done me no harm!
                          You never shall have my maidenhead
                          That I have kept so long!
                          I'd rather die a maid, aye, and then she said,
                          And be buried all in my grave,
                          Than to have such a nasty,
                          husky, dusky, fusty, musty coal black smith!
                          A maiden I will die!

                She became a duck, a duck all in the stream
                And he became a waterdog, and fetched her back again

                She became a star, a star all in the night
                And he became a thundercloud and muffled her out of sight

                She became a rose, a rose all in the wood
                And he became a bumblebee and kissed her where she stood

                She became a nun, a nun all dressed in white
                And he became a chantry priest to pray for her by night

                She became a trout, a trout all in the brook
                And he became a feathered fly, and catched her with his hook

                She became a quilt, a quilt all on her bed
                And he became a coverlet, and gained her maidenhead!

  note: This has MANY variants. See Robert Graves' "The White Goddess" pg. 401!

                                *




                                *

                     QUEEN ELANOR'S CONFESSION
                          (Child #156)
                          recorded by the Chad Mitchell Trio

                Queen Elanor was a sick woman
                And afraid that she would die
                So she sent for two Friars out of France
                To come to her speedilye

                When the King he heard that the Queen had sent
                For Friars from over the Sea
                He called on his noble Earl Marshal
                To come to him speedily

                Do you put on one Friar's coat
                And I'll put on another
                And we shall to Queen Elanor go
                One Friar's much like another!

                "Oh God forbid," said the Earl Marshal
                "That such a thing should be!
                For if I should beguile, and damn the Queen,
                Then hanged I might be!"

                Then the king he swore upon his Oath,
                his Sceptre and his Crown,
                That whatsoever Queen Elanor said
                He would not write it down

                So they rode on, and they rode on
                Till they came to Whitehall
                The bells did ring, and the Choristers sing
                And the torches did light withal

                "Be you two Friars of France," she said
                "As I suppose you be? 
                For if you be two English Friars
                Then hanged I may be!"

                "We are two Friars from France," they said,
                "As you suppose we be; 
                And we have not been at any Mass
                Since we came over the Sea!"

                "The very first sin that ever I did
                To you I will unfold:
                Earl Marshall had my maidenhead
                Underneath this cloth of gold.."

                "That is a vile sin," said the King,
                "May God forgive it thee.."
                "Amen, Amen!" quoth Earl Marshall
                With a heavy, heavy heart quoth he!

                          * more *



                Queen Elanor's Confession (cont.)


                "The next vile sin that ever I did
                To you I'll not deny:
                I brewed a pot of poison strong
                To poison King Henrye.."

                "That is a vile sin," said the King,
                "May God forgive it thee.."
                "Amen, Amen!" quoth Earl Marshall,
                "I wish it so might be!"

                "The very next sin that ever I did
                To you I will discover:
                I poisoned Fair Rosamonde
                All in the Woodstock bower.."

                "That is a vile sin," said the King,
                "May God forgive it thee..."
                "Amen, Amen!" quoth Earl Marshal
                "I wish it so might be!"

                "Do you see yonder little child
                A-tossing of that ball?
                That is Earl Marshal's son," she said,
                "And I love him the best of all!"

                "And do you see yonder little child
                a-catching of that ball?
                That is King Henry's son," she said,
                "And I love him the worst of all!"

                "His head is like unto an Ox
                His nose is like a Boar..."
                "No matter for that," King Henry said,
                "I love him the better therefore!"

                Then the King threw off his Friar's coat
                Appeared all in red
                She weeped, she cried, she wrung her hands,
                She said she'd been betrayed!

                Then the King turned to his Earl Marshal,
                And a grim look looked he,
                And he said: "Earl Marshal, but for my Oath,
                Then hanged you would be!"

                        note: This is an absolute slander on the actual
                              character of William Marshal, and on Elanor
                              of Aquitane. Wm. Marshal was considered the
                              best Knight in the world, in his day.

                                *





                                 *

                ROBIN HOOD AND THE PEDLAR (Child #132)
                                -recorded by Steeleye Span

                There chanced to be a Pedlar bold,
                A Pedlar bold there chanced to be
                He put his pack all on his back
                And merrily trudged o'er the lea

                By chance he met two troublesome blades
                Two troublesome blades they chanced to be
                And one of them was Robin Hood
                The other, Little John so free

                (Chorus): Gentlemen of high-born blood
                          Gamble Gold and Robin Hood!

                "Oh Pedlar, Pedlar, what's in your pack?
                Come speedily, and tell to me"
                "I've several suits of the gay green silk,
                And silken bowstrings two, or three."

                "If you've several suits of the gay green silk
                And silken bowstrings two or three,
                Then, by my body," said Robin Hood,
                "Half your pack belongs to me!"

                "Oh nay, oh nay," said the Pedlar bold
                "Such a thing can never be!
                For there's never a man in Nottingham
                Can take one half my pack from me!"

                Then Little John he drew his sword,
                The Pedlar by his pack did stand
                They fought 'til the blood in streams did flow
                'Til he cried, "Pedlar, hold your hand!"

                Then Robin Hood was standing by
                And he did laugh most merrily
                Saying "Perhaps a man of smaller scale
                Could thrash the Pedlar more than thee!"

                "Go try, my lord," cried Little John,
                "Go and try most speedily!
                There's never a man in Nottingham
                Can beat the Pedlar, and also me!"

                Then Robin Hood he drew his sword
                The Pedlar by his pack did stand
                They fought 'til the blood in streams did flow
                'Til he cried, "Pedlar, hold your hand!"

                "Pedlar, Pedlar, what's thy name
                Come speedily, and tell to me,
                For I am called bold Robin Hood
                And Little John, he stands by me!"

                             * more *


                Robin Hood and the Pedlar (cont.)


                I'm Gamble Gold of the Gay Green Wood
                I've traveled far beyond the sea
                For killing a man in my father's land
                And from my country forced to flee"

                "If you're Gamble Gold of the Gay Green Wood
                Then my cousin you must be"
                We'll repair to a tavern near
                And bottles crack most merrily!"

       * note: sing the Chorus after every other verse, or so.

                
                                 *


                           TWA CORBIES
                           (Child #26)
                           recorded by Joe Bethancourt
                                       "Celtic Circle Dance"


                  As I gang waukin' all alane
                  I heard twa corbies makin' a mane
                  the t'ane untae t'ither spake
                  whaur sall we gang and dine today?

                  On yonder hill by yon auld fail dyke
                  I wot there lies a nu slain knight
                  and nae man ken that he lies there
                  save hawk and hound and Lady fair

                  His hound is tae th' huntin' gaen
                  his hawk tae fetch th' wyld fowl haem
                  his Lady's ta'en anither mate
                  so we may mak' noo our dinner sweet

                  Thou sall sit on his bonny hause-bein
                  and I'll pluck oot his bonny blue e'en
                  His luvly strands of gowden haar
                  sall theek our nest when it grows bare

                  There's mony a man for him mak's mane
                  but nane sall ken whaur he has gaen
                  o'wer his whyte bones when they are bare
                  the wynd sall blaw forever mare.


                                *
















                                *

                     LORD GREGORY (Child #76)
                     (aka: The Lass of Loch Royal)

                               -recorded by Judy Collins, Joan Baez &c.
                                best recording is by The Silly Sisters

            I am a King's daughter, I come from Cappa Quin
            In search of Lord Gregory, pray God I find him

            The wind beats on my yellow hair, the dew wets my skin
            My babe is cold in my arms, Lord Gregory let me in!

            Lord Gregory is not here, and likewise can't be seen
            He's gone to bonnie Scotland to bring home his new Queen

            Do you remember, Lord Gregory, as we sat at the wine
            We exchanged rings, love, and the worst one was mine

            Yours was of the beaten gold, and mine of black tin
            Yours cost a shilling, love, and mine but a pin.

            Do you remember, Lord Gregory, that night in my father's hall
            When you stole away my heart, and that was worst of all

            Go away from these windows, and likewise this hall
            For deep in the sea you shall have your downfall!

            A curse on you, mother, and my curse has been swore
            For I dreamed my fairest Maid was calling at my door

            Oh lie down, you foolish one, oh lie down and sleep
            'Tis long ago her golden locks were drowned in the deep!

            Go saddle me my best black horse, the brown and the bay
            Go saddle me the best horse in my stable this day

            I will range over valleys, over mountains I'll ride
            'Til I find my fairest Maid, and stand by her side!

                                *









                                *

                        THE SEVEN JOYS OF MARY
                                -recorded by The Silly Sisters

        The first good joy that Mary had, it was the joy of One
        To see Our Saviour, Jesus Christ, when he was first Her Son!

        (Chorus): When He was first Her Son, good man, and blessed may He be!
                  With Father, Son and Holy Ghost thru all Eternity!

        The next good joy that Mary had, it was the joy of Two
        To see Her own Son, Jesus Christ, to make the lame to go!

                  To make the lame to go, good man, and blessed ...etc.

        The next good joy that Mary had, it was the joy of Three
        To see Her own Son, Jesus Christ, to make the blind to see!

        The next good joy that Mary had, it was the joy of Four
        To see Her own Son, Jesus Christ, to read the Bible o'er!

        The next good joy that Mary had, it was the joy of Five
        To see Her own Son, Jesus Christ, to bring the dead alive!

        The next good joy that Mary had, it was the joy of Six
        To see Her own Son, Jesus Christ, upon the Crucifix!

        The last good joy that Mary had, it was the joy of Seven
        To see Her own Son, Jesus Christ, to wear the Crown of Heaven!

                                *

                          SILVER WHISTLE
                                -recorded by The Silly Sisters

        Ah, who will play the Silver Whistle?
        When my King's son to sea is going?
        As Scotland prepares; prepares his coming!
        Upon a dark ship on the ocean......

        The ship it has three masts of silver
        With ropes so light, of French silk woven!
        So bonnie then, are six golden pulleys
        To bring my King's son ashore, and landing.....

        When my King's son he comes back home
        No bruising stones will put before him!
        Loaves of bread, bread will be baking
        For Charles, with eyes so blue, enticing.......

        Ah, welcome to you, Fame and Honour!
        Pipes with tunes of joy attend you!
        I will be dancing! I will be singing!
        And I will play the Silver Whistle.............

        And I will play the Silver Whistle!

                                *

                                *

                  HOW SHOULD I YOUR TRUE LOVE KNOW?
                                -Wm. Shakespeare (Hamlet)
                                 (Ophelia's song)

                Am  E      Am       A dim
                How should I your true love know?

                C      G  Dm  Am
                From another one?

                Dm             Am      A dim
                By his cockle-hat and staff

                Am       C  G   Am G   
                And his sandal shoon.

                He is dead and gone, Lady,
                He is dead and gone!
                At his head a soft green turf
                At his heels a stone.

                White his shroud as mountain snow,
                Larded o'er with flowers,
                Which bewept to the grave did go
                With true lovers showers.

                                *

             THE FALSE KNIGHT UPON THE ROAD (Child #3)
                                -recorded by Steeleye Span

        "Oh where are you going to?"
                       said the False Knight upon the road
        "Oh I'm going to my school."
                       said the wee boy and still he stood
        "What is that upon your back?"
                       said the False Knight upon the road
        "Ah weel, it is my books!"
                       said the wee boy and still he stood

        Oh, what have you got there?
        I have got my bread and cheese!
        Oh won't you give me some?
        No, ne'r a bite or crumb!

        I wish you was on the sands.
        Yes, and a good staff in my hands!
        I wish you was on the sea.
        And a good ship under me!

        And the ship to sink.
        An inch away from shore!
        I think I hear a bell.
        And it rings you straight to Hell!

                                *














                                *

                     GAUDETE: THE TRANSLATION!
                                from: Piae Cantones (1582)
                             -translated (?) by Ioseph of Locksley

               Latin:                     English:

               Gaudete! Gaudete           Gaudette (Fr.) and Christopher
               Christus est natus         have been naughty with Maria (Sp.)
               Ex Maria Virginae,         from ( or in ) Virginia, USA.
               gaudete!               

                Tempus ad est gratiae     Tempus (1) is grateful for the 
                Hoc quod optibamus        pawnshop while Carmine's breasts
                Carmina laetitae          are late in developing. He remains
                Devote redamus            optomistic as they ask to be read
                                          the election results.
                Deus homo factus est      
                Naturam erante            Nature has erred and made God a 
                Mundus renovatus est      poofter. Next month, renovation,
                A Christo regnante!       and Christopher may get pregnant.

                Ezecheelis porta          Eziekiel is carrying Santa Claus
                Clausa per transistor     with a transistor radio. Sally has
                Unde lux est orta         invented ( or ought to invent ) a
                Sallus invenitor          deluxe model of fancy underwear.

                Ergo nostra contio        The Ergones (2) are in our nostrils,
                Psallat jam in lustro     but we lust for "Psallat Jam."
                Benidicat domino          "The Benedictine dominos will reign
                Sallus Regi Nostro!       over Sally" says Nostradamus.

     (1) A character from "Thieve's World." Damn Bob Asprin gets in 
         EVERYWHERE!
     (2) Alien beings reputed to be used-car salesmen.

                                *










                                 *

                         BURGUNDIAN CAROL
                                -Bernard La Monnonye (ca. 1650)
                                 English translation by Oscar Brand

            Dm                                                E7       A
        The Winter season of the year when to this world Our Lord was born

            F       C      G7       C        F       Dm    A7       Dm
        The ox and donkey, so they say, did keep His Holy Presence warm.

         A7      Dm    A7  Dm  C    F   A7  Dm   A7   Dm    Gm   A7       Dm
        How many oxen and donkeys, now, if they were there when first He came,

         A7       Dm              A7   Dm       G   A  Dm    Gm  A7      Dm
        How many oxen and donkeys you know, at such a time would do the same?

        And on that night it has been told
        These humble beasts so rough and rude,
        Throughout the night of Holy Birth,
        Drank no water, ate no food.
                How many oxen and donkeys, now,
                If they were there, when first He came,
                How many oxen and donkeys you know
                At such a time would do the same?

        As soon as to these humble beasts
        Appeared Our Lord, so mild and sweet,
        With joy they knelt before His Grace,
        And gently kissed his tiny feet.
                How many oxen and donkeys now,
                Dressed in ermine, silk and such,
                How many oxen and donkeys you know
                At such a time would do as much?

                                 *
