        MAIL ORDER SOURCES FOR SCRIBES


Mistress Rayah Blackstar has compiled a list of mailorder sources for
scribes.  These catalogs featurebooks, supplies, etc.  I have added a
few catalogs to the list and updated George Braziller's address. When
you get the catalogs, check the prices carefully.  I have seen books
go for $45 in one catalog, andthen $24 in another.  Another good
source for books can be your local library's weekend book sale
(getthere early) or the end of year inventory clearance sale at the
mall B. Dalton or Waldenbooks.  Often they special order books for
people that don't ever pick the books up.  These books get dumped
(after a while)onto the cheap table.      
 
 
Center for the Calligraphic Arts 
PO Box 8005 
Wichita, KS 67208 
     Journal-bimonthly magazine. Research article on Calligraphy or
related arts in each issue.Subscriptions $15 a year US and Canada (US
currency). Back issues available.   
 
Barnes & Noble 
126 Fifth Ave 
New York, NY 10011 
     Receive color catalogs of current books published. Just send in
name and address and request forcatalog. Will find occasional books
that you can use in it. Updates always sent.   
 
The Scholar's Bookshelf 
51 Everett Dr 
Princeton Jct. NJ 08550 
     Oh, these catalogs are a dream find. They have the books of hours
and illumination you want. It's aheavy duty source for scribal art
books and other related arts. Sales and updates sent forever once
youorder (and you will). Prices range from $5 to $5000, we're talking
really heavy sources here. Everyone I have ever told and given a
catalog of this place to has said terrible things to me and then
gleefully thrust their latest purchase under my nose to see.   
 
John Neal, Bookseller 
1833 Spring Garden St. 
Greensboro, NC 27403 
     Another dream staple of every scribe. Catalog is $2.50 on
newsprint and worth every penny. Books onevery scribal topic WITH
commentaries. HONEST commentaries, not just to sell you the book.
Supplies,paper. Also has a lettering arts club that sends you the
catalog and you receive reduced membership priceson certain items
($7.50 US, Canada and others $8.50 for membership. "Canadian and
English customers maysend checks in their currency--please figure
exchange at current rate.") Super on delivery on items, even send you
quick notice if out of stock.         
 
Edward R. Hamilton Bookseller 
Falls Village, CT 06031-5000 
     Sigh. They deliver in record time. They have a newspaper catalog
WITH THOUSANDS OF BOOKS.Want something to read for the next 8 days?
And make yourself a list that goes on and on and on to buy.Write them
and ask for a catalog. Cash or check only. Which is why the prices ARE
LOW. Not a lot ofthe illumination books of hours, but you want
research in all categories? They've got it. EXCELLENT PRICES. I keep
trying to cross off all the items on my list and they keep sending me
catalogs with new items.  
 
Pendragon 
PO Box 25036 
Woodbury, MN 55125  Gold Leaf? Vellum? Quills? Penknives? Pendragon
has it all. They will also give you help if you havequestions about
what to use! Excellent and one of the only sources by mailorder that
I've uncovered forthose hard to find "period" materials. Catalog.
Again, excellent response by mail if out of stock.     
 
New York Central Supply 
62 Third Ave. 
New York, NY 10003  
    Ask for papers, they have them. Vellum, sheepskin etc. Higher
prices than other catalogs that I've listed.  
 
Thames and Hudson 
500 Fifth Ave 
New York, NY 10110 
     Send a name and a postcard to this address said the note on the
side of the bookcover and we willsend you news and forthcoming
publications. DO IT. Beautiful books. Three of them are the most
lovely ofsources I constantly use for illumination & calligraphy.
Hardcover. Expensive. But send for it anyway, theyare not all
expensive...just the perfect ones.      
 
George Braziller Inc. 
60 Madison Ave 
New York, NY 10010 
     This is the publisher. You can get the books from any of the
other sources that I have listed, andsometimes cheaper there, as you
pay full publisher price ordering direct. BOOKS ARE FOR THE
BUDGET MINDED SCRIBE. These have full color paperbacks at reasonable
prices-average $12 for a full paperback ofcolor photographed
manuscripts. Excellent. Get a list from them.      
 
Strand Book Store 
828 Broadway 
New York, NY 10003 
     They bill themselves as the Largest Used Book Store in the World,
and having been there, I believeit. The catalog lists new acquisitions
and specials, but if you write and ask for something special,
they'llcheck for you. Catalog has many types of books as well as art
books, but check it out. All major creditcards.     
 
Norman Levine's Editions 
Boiceville, NY 12412 
     Another big used book store. They list many types of books with
brief descriptions in teeny print. 64pages of books. All are hard
cover, all are original editions or the better reprints. They also
have booksnot listed in their catalog, so if you know what you want
you might be able to write and ask for it. They won't however, reserve
a book pending receipt of your check.       
 
Dover Publications 
31 East 2nd St. 
Mineola, NY 11501  
     They are the ones who are putting out Marc Drogin's book
_Medieval Calligraphy, its design andtechnique_ the bible of scribes
in the SCA. It is due in their bookstore at 180 Varick St, New York,
NYafter November 17, 1989, so it will probably be available by mail
now too. Ask for their catalogs ofPictorial Archive books (art which
can be reproduced freely in your local newsletters too!), Art
Instructionbooks, Art books in general, and I think they even have a
catalog of the 50 or so catalogs they put out! Cheap books, these are
usually reprints of sources that went out of print a while ago.   
   These sources are all mailorder. I have a hobby of finding out
mailorder catalogs in mundane life.These that I have listed for
scribes I have been using for about 5 years, and passing them onto
your pocketbook. Mine is empty, but the art flourishes. Write to them
all, and be oh so sorry... they have such lovely things you've been
looking for.      
 
                   Originally compiled by  
                   Mistress Rayah Blackstar 
                   reprinted and added to by 
                   Lady Fionnghuala Siobhan nic an Chlerich
                                                                             
      

