From: f1toyl@uta.fi (Topi Ylinen)
Newsgroups: rec.music.classical
Subject: Wagner's Ring - synopsis of the plot (VERY long)
Message-ID: <8375@kielo.uta.fi>
Date: 29 Jan 93 10:56:37 GMT
Organization: University of Tampere, Finland
Lines: 709

Shortly: 
This is a shortish synopsis of the plotline in Richard Wagner's 
"Der Ring des Nibelungen"

Why am I posting this - simply, due to a lot of requests. I have seen posted
requests and I have received some via email. The purpose of this post is
make the reader familiar with the basic storyline and the most significant 
details. It may be helpful to read a synopsis of the plot before trying to
listen to the whole work. I have tried to avoid "interpretation" as far as
possible but as you will see there are a few "interpretations".
 
If you disagree with me about some detail in the plot, just drop me an email.
(I have to admit, especially in G|tterd{mmerung there are some scenes which
beat me). Also you can report any typos or grammatical errors to me.
Please, use rather email than posting to save bandwidth (and my time).
I may post a revised version later.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------




         RICHARD WAGNER'S DER RING DES NIBELUNGEN
                  "The Nibelung's Ring"      
                  a synopsis of the plot



  DAS RHEINGOLD ("The Rhinegold")

  The Three Rhinemaidens are swimming in the depths of the river
Rhine, as Alberich the Nibelung (a night-dwarf) enters. The
Rhinemaidens tease him as he tries catch them. 
  Then a ray of sunlight shines on pile of gold. The
Rhinemaidens tell Alberich that if someone should forswear all
love, he would be able to forge an all-powerful ring of the
Rhinegold. They tell this to Alberich because they think he
would never forswear love, as he was so lustily chasing them.
But they are wrong: mad with despair, Alberich forswears and
curses all love and he steals the Rhinegold and flees before the
shocked Rhinemaidens can take any action.
  Elsewhere, Wotan (Odin, the chief of gods) has hired two
giants - Fasolt and Fafner - build him a mighty fortress.
Following the cunning Loge's advice, he promised the giants
goddess Freya as payment. Now Freya is fleeing towards Wotan and
his wife, Fricka (goddess of marriage), as the giants appear:
the fortress is completed and they want their payment. Wotan
tries to play time and hopes Loge would appear and find some
clever way out of the nasty situation. Donner (Thor) and Froh
arrive to protect Freya. Donner is about to swing his hammer at
the giants, but Wotan stops him: Wotan's Runespear protects his
deal with the giants. And just then Loge appears in a flickering
flame. All gods are angry at him. Loge says he understands the
giants' demand - for who could deny a woman's charm? Who except
Alberich? And so Loge tells them about Alberich and new might:
the Ring and the treasures he has acquired by the power of the
Ring. Alberich is a bitter enemy of the giants and the two
giants declare that they will take the Nibelung's treasure
instead of Freya. As Wotan hesitates, the giants take Freya away
and demand their payment be delivered before sunset. The gods
suddenly feel weak: Loge knows that this is because Freya
normally gives them Golden Apples which bestows them their
eternal youth - no Freya, no Apples. Loge suggests that Wotan
should take the Ring from Alberich, since it does not belong to
him: steal from the thief. Left with little choice, Wotan agrees
to try to win Alberich's treasure. He tells Loge to lead him to
Nibelheim - but not through the river Rhine (possibly because he
does not want the Rhinemaidens, his daughters, see him - he does
not intend to return the gold to them but keep it).
  Meanwhile, in Nibelheim, Alberich has forced his brother,
Mime, forge a magic helmet called the Tarnhelm, which enables
its wearer to change shape and to become invisible (it also
grants its wearer the ability to teleport, but this will be
revealed much later). Mime has hidden the Tarnhelm, hoping to
steal the Ring with its help, but he fears Alberich's might too
much and gives the helmet when Alberich asks for it. Alberich
wears the Tarnhelm and turns invisible - and beats poor Mime up.
Alberich has just left when Loge and Wotan arrive. They hear
latest news from Mime and Loge promises Mime they will free all
Nibelung dwarfs from Alberich's tyranny. Alberich arrives and
becomes visible. He recognizes Wotan and Loge immediately and
asks what is their business here. He is told that the gods have
heard of his new might and wanted to see if the rumours are
true. Alberich boasts with his great treasures with which he
says he will rule the world. Loge pretends disbelief in the
Tarnhelm's powers, and to prove its might, Alberich wears the
Tarnhelm and turns into a huge dragon (serpent?). Loge pretends
to be frightened, and asks next whether Alberich could turn into
something tiny to evade his enemies. Alberich doesn't see the
trick and turns into a toad. Loge tells Wotan to catch the toad:
the gods seize the Tarnhelm and leave Nibelheim with Alberich as
their captive.
  Wotan demands that Alberich pay all his treasures as a ransom
before he can be freed. Alberich summons the Nibelungs and they
pile all his treasures. Wotan also places the Tarnhelm on the
pile, Alberich is furious, but tries to calm himself with the
knowledge that Mime can forge a new magic helmet. But then Wotan
demands the Ring as well. He proceeds to take it and lets Loge
free Alberich. Crushed, Alberich places a powerful curse on the
ring: whoever has the Ring will be its slave and is doomed, he
will be envied and hated by others - everyone will covet for the
Ring. With these words he leaves. Wotan ignores his words.
  The giants return with Freya. They demand that the treasure
must fully cover Freya before they are satisfied. After all gold
has been used, her hair can still be seen: the Tarnhelm must
cover that. Even then, Fasolt claims he can still see Freya's
eye - but he can also see a golden ring on Wotan's finger: he
wants it too. Wotan refuses abruptly. The giants say the deal is
off.
  Just then, bathed in blue light, a woman appears and tells
Wotan to surrender the Ring and thus evade its dread curse. She
introduces herself as Erda the Earthmother and tells the gods
she has seen a dark day dawn for the gods: the End of
Everything. Then she disappears. Reluctantly, Wotan follows this
piece of advice and gives the Ring to the giants.
 Immediately, the giants start a fight over how to divide the
treasure. Fafner kills his brother Fasolt, and gets all the
treasure. The power of the curse horrifies Wotan.
 After Fafner has left, the gods turn to greet their new home.
Donner summons a lightning bolt to clear away the fog and a
Rainbow Bridge spreads out. Wotan is silent for a moment, as
though seized by a novel idea. He christens the fortress
Valhalla.
  As the gods are walking the Rainbow Bridge to Valhalla, Loge
stays behind them and remarks (aside) that they are merely
hastening to their own end and he would welcome the day he can
turn again into his elemental (form) and burn everything. Then,
distant singing can be heard: the Rhinemaidens mourn their lost
gold. Wotan bids Loge tell them to be silent - but they won't be
silenced. The gods ignore the Rhinemaidens and enter Valhalla.



  DIE WALKRE (The Valkyrie)

  ACT I

  There is a thunderstorm. A weaponless man called Siegmund is
fleeing and comes across a house: he is wounded and exhausted
and cannot go on, so he decides to rest here. And oh yeah, he
does not even know his name yet. Sieglinde, who lives in the
house, finds him and gives him water. She informs him that the
the house and she herself belong to Hunding and that the guest
should wait for the master of the house. Siegmund says that bad
luck haunts him and that he must leave lest he should bring bad
luck to the house but Sieglinde bids him stay: he cannot bring
bad luck where bad luck already lives. Siegmund names himself
"Woeful" and waits for Hunding.
  Hunding arrives and greets Siegmund in a formal manner and
then wants to hear his story. Siegmund tells his father was
"Wolf" (he wore a wolfskin), and he had a twin sister. "Wolf"
was very warlike and had many enemies. As Siegmund one day
returned home, his mother had been killed and the home burned.
His sister and father were nowhere to be found. He only found an
empty wolfskin in the forest. Later he saw a damsel in distress:
she was being forced into a marriage he did not want. Siegmund
rushed into her defence and killed some of her enemies - only to
learn they were actually her brothers and kinsmen. Siegmund
fought, but was wounded and eventually lost his sword. The girl
was killed and Siegmund had to flee.
  Now Hunding declares he was summoned to avenge on a murderer
who had killed some people nearby and Siegmund turns out to be
that murderer. Hunding says that his house will protect "Woeful"
for today but that he must prepare to fight Hunding to the death
tomorrow. Then he retreats to his bed - and Sieglinde mixes him
a drugged drink, which will make him sleep heavily so she can
meet Siegmund in private.
  Siegmund is left alone. He remembers his father (whom he now
calls "Volsa") promised him a sword when he most badly would
need one - where is that sword now he asks. Sieglinde enters.
She tells him she was forced into marrying Hunding against her
will. Their wedding party had an uninvited guest: a fearsome
stranger whose large hat was pulled down to cover one eye.
Everybody except Sieglinde were afraid of him. The stranger had
a sword and he thrust the sword in the tree trunk that is in the
middle of Hunding's house and said that the blade would belong
to anyone who pulled it out of the tree. Many have tried but
none of them succeeded. Sieglinde believes Siegmund is this
person: the hero who would free her from her miserable life as
Hunding's property.
  They both reveal their true feelings to each other. Sieglinde
reveals Siegmund she is his lost twin sister as well, and tells
his true name, Siegmund. Siegmund draws the enchanted sword from
the tree and names it Nothung ("Needy"). They embrace each other
passionately and the curtain falls.

  ACT II

  Wotan is giving orders to his valkyrie daughter Brnnhilde:
she is to protect Siegmund in the fight that will come soon.
Just then Fricka arrives and starts to complain: she, as the
guardian of the wedlock, is furious at Wotan's latest stunt. She
was alarmed by Hunding's prayers to her, but Wotan says he does
not honor Hunding's marriage since it was against Sieglinde's
will. Now Fricka says the trouble is not only that but - she
asks - when has anyone heard of twin-born lovers! Wotan answers
abruptly: you are hearing of it now. But Fricka insists that it
is the gods' status and honour that is at stake and not even
Wotan's explanations can change her mind: she demands that Wotan
withdraw all protection and even the magic sword from Siegmund -
and finally makes Wotan give his promise of that.
  Fricka leaves as Brnnhilde enters and finds her father
looking gloomy. Wotan tells her his tale: how Loge tricked him
into dishonest treties concealing evil, how they stole the Ring
and how he was warned by Erda. Later Wotan visited her again "in
the bowels of the earth" and overpowered her with the magic of
love. Erda gave him information but as a price bore him 9
children as well (the 9 valkyries). Wotan sent the valkyries to
collect perished brave heroes into the halls of Valhalla to
avert the horrible end Erda foretold. Alberich's army could not
beat Wotan's heroes, but if Alberich regained the Ring, he could
turn Wotan's heroes against him. Fafner is guarding the Ring
now, but Wotan's own treaties prevent him from attacking Fafner
directly. Thus, the only possible solution for him is to let a
free hero kill Fafner - Siegmund was to be this hero, but as
Fricka remarked, Siegmund was everything but free. Wotan has no
idea what to do now. He even knows the end is near for Erda said
that when Alberich has a son, the end will come soon: now he has
learned Alberich has bought a woman with gold and that woman has
born him a son. 
  Wotan orders Brnnhilde to protect Hunding instead of
Siegmund, but Brnnhilde - feeling as compassionate toward
Siegmund as Wotan himself - refuses. Wotan is angered by this:
he furiously orders Brnnhilde to ensure that Siegmund dies.
Brnnhilde can only obey.
  Siegmund and Sieglinde are desperately fleeing Hunding and his
kinsmen who are hunting them with dogs. Sieglinde gets
hysterical and faints. Then Brnnhilde appears and announces to
Siegmund that only those doomed to die may see her - he is to
follow her to Valhalla. But as he learns he will not find
Sieglinde in Valhalla, Siegmund refuses Brnnhilde's promises.
He decides he'll rather kill himself and Sieglinde with one
swift blow than let Hunding get them. Brnnhilde is so moved by
his courage that she decides to rebel against Wotan's orders and
protect Siegmund. 
 When Sieglinde awakens, Siegmund has already left to face
Hunding: she can hear their voices but cannot see them. Hunding
and Siegmund fight, after a few insults. As they fight,
Brnnhilde appears, holding a shield above Siegmund and tells
him trust his sword. But then Wotan appears, in a red storm
cloud and breaks Nothung into pieces with his spear. Hunding
finishes Siegmund off easily, Brnnhilde flees with Sieglinde on
her horse's back. 
  Wotan gazes thoughtfully Siegmund's corpse and then turns to
Hunding who is gloating over his victory. He gives Hunding one
contemptuous gesture and Hunding falls down dead. Then he turns
to chase Brnnhilde, the rebel, who dared disobey his order and
leaves with thunder and lightning.

  ACT III

  Eight of the valkyrie sisters are bringing dead heroes on
their horses, when Brnnhilde appears with Sieglinde, asking for
a horse for Sieglinde (her own horse, Grane, faints after a
strenuous ride). The other valkyries are shocked when they hear
she has disobeyed Wotan. They refuse to give Sieglinde a horse,
but when Schwertleite tells Brnnhilde that Wotan seldom
ventures eastwards, where Fafner guards his treasure in the form
of a dragon, Brnnhilde thinks it would be the safest place for
Sieglinde. She gives her the splinters of Nothung and tells that
she is carrying the greatest hero of all time in her womb and
she is to name him Siegfried. Sieglinde flees just before Wotan
arrives in a thundercloud.
  Brnnhilde is terrified behind the backs of her sisters - but
finally comes out of her hiding. Wotan is furious: he says
Brnnhilde will be a valkyrie no longer, she will lay
defenceless in deep sleep and will become wife to the first
person who finds her. The other valkyries protest, but Wotan
tells them to leave lest they wish to share Brnnhilde's fate.
The eight valkyries flee in terror, only Brnnhilde and Wotan
are left. They have a talk: Brnnhilde tries to make Wotan
change his mind, but it is no use. Her last wish is that Wotan
surround her with a wall of fire which only bravest of all
heroes can penetrate. Wotan says she's asking too much, but as
Brnnhilde asks him to rather kill her on the spot, he is moved
so deeply that he decides to grant his daughter's last wish,
after all.
  Brnnhilde falls in deep sleep and Wotan gives her a long
goodbye - and then kisses her godhood away: she is a mortal
woman now. Wotan knocks the ground three times with his
Runespear and thus summons Loge (in his fire-elemental form) to
surround the sleeping Brnnhilde. He leaves the scene with the
words "Whosoever fears the tip of my spear shall never pass
through the fire!" (DG's translation)



  SIEGFRIED

  ACT I

  In a cavern in deep wilderness, Mime the dwarven smith is
forging a sword. He is frustrated: no matter how good a sword he
forges, his young "ward" Siegfried breaks every one of them.
There is only one sword Siegfried could no break: Nothung the
enchanted. But Mime cannot forge it anew. In his monologue we
learn that he wants Siegfried to slay Fafner (who is now a
dragon) so he could get the Ring. 
  That's when Siegfried arrives, riding a bear he has tamed:
Mime is scared stiff. Siegfried asks for a sword and Mime hands
him his latest piece of forgery. Siegfried lets the bear go and
studies the sword, but he breaks it saying that a sword must be
hard and firm, not a puny pin. Siegfried also refuses the food
Mime offers him, saying he has roasted meat for himself. Next he
makes an inquiry about his parents: he saw that all animals have
two parents, and Mime cannot be his since he looks so different.
Pressed hard, Mime finally tells him he found his mother as she
gave birth to him in the wilderness and died. He says he does
not know Siegfried's father's name (this claim is obviously
untrue, see later). Finally Mime shows Siegfried the fragments
of the sword Nothung as a proof of his tale. Siegfried tells him
to forge Nothung again so he can leave Mime forever. He exits,
telling Mime to be ready when he is back.
  Mime is alone, worrying about his plans which do not seem to
work, as Wotan enters, disguised as "Wanderer". Mime is
terrified: he wants to get rid of "Wanderer", but Wotan
stubbornly sits down and challenges Mime to a riddle game. Wotan
wagers his head and Mime is to ask three riddles - he must
answer all three correctly to redeem his head. First Mime asks
the name of the race that dwells in the earth's depths. Wotan
answers correctly Nibelungs. The next question is the name of
the race that dwells on the earth's face - the Giants. Mime's
last question is which race lives high in the clouds, and Wotan
answers correctly: the gods. As he tells Mime about them, he by
"mistake" lets his Runestaff knock the ground: there is thunder
and lightning - Mime cowers. Now "Wanderer" tells that since he
wagered his head, Mime should have asked things he needed to
know instead of such meaningless riddles. Now Mime must answer
to three riddles of his or Mime's head is his! First "Wanderer"
asks the name of the race Wotan oppresses though he loves them
very much. This Mime knows, it is the Volsungs. Next he asks the
name of the sword Siegfried must wield to slay Fafner. Mime
answers correctly and here we also learn that Mime is fully
aware of who Siegfried is and who his parents really were.
Wotan's last riddle is: who will forge Nothung anew? This Mime
cannot answer: he cannot forge Nothung anew, so who can? As Mime
panics, "Wanderer" leaves, having won Mime's head. He also says
that one who knows no fear shall forge Nothung anew and that he
leaves Mime's head to him who has never felt fear.
  Mime is left alone in utter horror. His wild imaginings take
over, and as Siegfried's figure shadows the cavemouth, he thinks
it is Fafner who has finally come for him and screams in terror.
Siegfried comes back to ask for Nothung, but Mime answers him
that he cannot forge Nothung. Mime says there is one more thing
Siegfried should learn: the meaning of fear - he promised
Siegfried's mother (he says) he would teach young Siegfried the
meaning of fear. He cannot teach Siegfried, but he knows one who
can: Fafner. All right, says Siegfried, after I have seen this
Fafner, I will leave you forever. 
  Siegfried decides to forge Nothung himself. As he forges the
sword, Mime brews a drugged potion for him. Mime is happy again,
he can see the fulfillment of his plans. The act ends with one
mighty blow by Siegfried's Nothung, cleaving the anvil in two.

  ACT II

  Alberich is watching Fafner's cave, Neidhle (the "Hate-
hole"), for he wants to know where his precious is. Wotan
arrives, still posing as "Wanderer", but Alberich sees through
his disguise immediately and calls him a shameless thief.
Alberich remarks that Wotan cannot kill Fafner himself or else
his Runestaff would break and his powers be lost forever and he
also boasts about his own schemes of world domination. Wotan
answers that Alberich need not mind him: he should worry about
Mime instead. He also suggests that Alberich ask Fafner to give
the Ring to him. As Alberich hesitates, Wotan wakes Fafner up.
Wotan and Alberich tell Fafner about a strong boy with a sharp
blade who is coming to kill Fafner, but wants only the Ring: if
he gives up the Ring, he will be spared. Fafner ignores their
words and goes back to sleep. Wotan laughs at this ingenious
prank he pulled at Alberich and then leaves, warning about Mime
one more time.
  Mime leads Siegfried to Neidhle but dares not come near it
himself. Even his terrifying descriptions of the Dragon do not
scare Siegfried. Mime stays there waiting for Siegfried -
Siegfried walks alone toward Neidhle. He wonders what his
mother was like - he has never seen a woman. He sees a beautiful
bird - he carves a flute and tries to imitate its singing, but
realizes his playing does not sound right. So Siegfried decides
to give the bird a few notes from his hunting-horn. 
  As Siegfried blows the hunting-horn, Fafner comes out of his
cave to investigate the noise. He says he wanted a drink and now
he has found some food as well. Naturally, Siegfried does not
want to end up as the Dragon's meal - he just wanted to "learn
the meaning of fear". Fafner takes this to be bravado and a
fight ensues presently. It is a brief fight: Nothung pierces the
Dragon's heart very quickly. 
  Fafner, just before he dies, asks his slayer's name and tells
his story to the boy. He also warns Siegfried about the evil
intents of the one who lead him to Fafner. 
  Some of the Dragon's blood has been spilled on Siegfried's
fingers and as he licks them - i.e. tastes the Dragon's blood -
he realizes he can now understand the bird's speech. The bird
tells Siegfried to take only the Tarnhelm and the Ring and leave
the rest of the treasure (why the bird says this beats me: the
bird must have been aware of the Ring's curse. Does the bird
wish Siegfried's doom?).
  Meanwhile, Alberich has reached Mime. They quarrel about to
which one of them the treasure belongs. Mime suggests that they
split the treasure: Alberich may keep his Ring and Mime gets the
Tarnhelm. Alberich refuses: he could never sleep his nights
safely if Mime had the Tarnhelm - thus he wants _both_ of the
two magical artifacts. But just then Siegfried appears, carrying
both the Ring and the Tarnhelm. Alberich curses and hurries off.
  Now Siegfried can hear the bird's voice again: the bird warns
him of Mime's treachery and tells him that he now can perceive
what Mime is thinking in his heart. 
  Siegfried tells Mime that the teacher has failed: he could not
learn the meaning of fear from Fafner. Mime tries to offer
Siegfried a drugged potion, but Siegfried can read his mind as
if it were an open book. He gets angry and slays Mime with one
swift blow of his sword. He throws Mime's corpse in Neidhle. 
  Siegfried asks the bird if the bird knows where he could find
a suitable companion. The bird tells him about Brnnhilde, who
is lying in deep sleep, surrounded by a magic fire which can be
penetrated only by one who knows no fear. Siegfried realizes how
stupid he was, trying to learn fear and now follows the woodbird
who will lead him to Brnnhilde.

ACT III

  It is night - the weather is stormy: there is thunder and
lightning. Wotan, still disguised as the Wanderer, can be seen
standing before a vault-like hollow in a rocky mountain. With a
spell-song he wakens Erda the Earthmother herself, saying that
he wants information. Erda is tired and asks why Wotan did not
ask the Norns first. Wotan replies that the Norns can only
perceive things: they cannot alter what is to come. Next Erda
suggests that Wotan seek Brnnhilde's advice - she is very wise.
But as Wotan tells about what has befallen on Brnnhilde, Erda
is utterly bewildered. Wotan is disappointed in Erda's inability
to give him any advice. He lets Erda fall back down to her
slumber and leaves to meet Siegfried.
  Siegfried meets Wotan at the base of the mountain on the top
of which Brnnhilde lies. "Wanderer" (Wotan) interviews
Siegfried about his newest heroic deed. But the disrespectful
Siegfried talks to him so abusively that he eventually gets mad
with anger. The furious Wotan blocks Siegfried's way with his
Runespear and tells Siegfried to flee lest his spear break
Nothung once more. Siegfried knows he has now met the person
responsible for his father's death and as a vengeance breaks
Wotan's Runespear in two with Nothung: there is a crack of
thunder and Wotan (according to his own words) loses all his
might. He flees and Siegfried ignores him, starting his climb up
to Brnnhilde.
  Siegfried goes through the enchanted fire and finds Brnnhilde
there, thinking her to be a "man". But as Siegfried realizes she
is definitely not a man, but something different, he shudders:
for the first time in his life, he experiences fear. Unsure of
what to do, Siegfried tries first to waken Brnnhilde, then
kisses her. And by this kiss Brnnhilde is awakened.
  Brnnhilde is ecstatically joyous to see that her awakener
really is Siegfried. But as she sees her valkyrie battlegear and
her steed, she is reminded once more of her glorious past. She
realizes that she can never get that back again. But then the
passion toward Siegfried takes over her, and she cares no more
for Valhalla. They declare their love to each other and
Siegfried has readily forgotten the fear he had just learned.
Brnnhilde falls in Siegfried's arms, leaving her past life
behind her, for good.



  GTTERDMMERUNG ("Twilight of the gods")

  The First Prelude

  The Three Norns are spinning the rope of fate. They are
talking about things which are, have been and will be. We learn
how Wotan lost his eye drinking from the Spring of Wisdom and
how he carved his Runespear from a branch of the World-Tree Ash.
Now the spring has dried and the Ash has died, and Wotan's
Runespear has been shattered. Wotan has ordered the dead Ash be
cut down and the wood be piled around Valhalla as a great pyre
which will one day be ignited by Loge. As the Norns are
discussing Alberich and his Curse, the rope of fate snaps and is
broken. The wisdom of the Norns is at an end and the Norns hurry
to their mother, Erda.

  The Second Prelude 

  A new day dawns around the Valkyrie Rock where Siegfried and
Brnnhilde are. Siegfried can be seen in full armour in the
sunlight. He wants to go wandering in search of new heroic
deeds. Brnnhilde lets him ride her horse, Grane, and Siegfried
gives the Ring to Brnnhilde, as a token of his faith. After a
passionate farewell, Siegfried rides down the mountainside
toward the River Rhine. Brnnhilde can hear the sound of his
hunting-horn from the distance.

  ACT I

  In the hall of the Gibichungs, lord Gunther asks his clever
half-brother Hagen (whose father is Alberich) how could he win
more fame and glory. Hagen says that Gunther should marry and
only one wife would be noble enough for him: Brnnhilde who is
surrounded by magic fire which only the bravest of heroes can
penetrate. Gunther moans: he lacks the courage for such a task,
why did Hagen have to mention that? Hagen says that indeed, the
one with such courage is Siegfried - who is the person Gunther's
sister, Gutrune, should marry. Gutrune thinks Hagen is jesting:
how could she charm the bravest hero in the world? Hagen reminds
her of a magic potion which would make Siegfried lose his memory
and fall in love with the first woman he sees. Gunther admires
Hagen's cleverness, but asks how they can find Siegfried.
  Hagen replies that Siegfried is wandering, searching for new
heroic deeds to be achieved and he might drop in here any day.
Surprise surprise, that's when we hear Siegfried's hunting-horn.
He has come to visit the castle and wants to see Gunther,
Gibich's son. Hagen calls him by name (explaining later that of
course everybody had heard of such a great hero and that's how
he knew Siegfried). Siegfried wants Gunther to either fight with
him or become his friend. The cowardly Gunther of course decides
to become Siegfried's friend. Hagen leads Grane to the stables
as Siegfried follows Gunther into the castle.
  As Hagen returns, he inquires if it is true that Siegfried is
really the owner of the Nibelung treasure hoard. Siegfried
briefly describes his encounter with Fafner. Hagen asks if
Siegfried took anything from the hoard. Siegfried shows him the
Tarnhelm, which Hagen immediately identifies. He tells Siegfried
of its powers: it allows its wearer to change shape at will and
to travel from one place to another at the speed of his thought
(this latter power was never mentioned nor used before).
Siegfried also mentions the Ring and says Brnnhilde is keeping
it safe. Gutrune appears and gives a "welcoming toast" to
Siegfried. It is the magic potion which makes Siegfried lose his
memory and fall madly in love with Gutrune. The unfortunate
Siegfried drinks the toast "for Brnnhilde". 
  Siegfried wants now to marry Gutrune. When hears about
Gunther's "beloved", Brnnhilde, and the fires which surround
her rock, his mind is struggling to throw off the spell of
amnesia, but up to no avail. He devises an ingenious plan: he
will use the magic of the Tarnhelm to disguise himself as
Gunther and win Brnnhilde _for_ Gunther, if Gunther lets him
marry his sister, Gutrune. It's a deal, says Gunther and Hagen
makes Gunther and Siegfried swear an oath of bloodbrootherhood
before Siegfried leaves to conquer Brnnhilde for Gunther. Hagen
sits on watch, waiting for Siegfried's return and when left
alone, reveals his true plans: he is only interested in the Ring
and is using Siegfried and his half-brother, Gunther, only as
pawns in his master scheme.
  Meanwhile, Brnnhilde has a visitor: her Valkyrie sister rides
in on a flying Valkyrie horse with a clap of thunder - against
Wotan's orders. She tells Brnnhilde the lates news from
Valhalla: how Wotan no longer goes wandering, but just sits on
his throne, doing nothing. Wotan has said that only if
Brnnhilde would give the Ring back to the Rhinemaidens, the
gods and the whole world would be freed from its Curse.
Brnnhilde has intention of throwing her precious Ring away and
she angrily tells Waltraute to leave. Waltraute, seeing that her
pleads can only be refused, leaves predicting some horrid fate
for Brnnhilde, gods and everyone.
  Brnnhilde hears a horn - she thinks Siegfried is coming back.
But the figure who emerges from the fire is Gunther (actually
Siegfried in Gunther's guise). He imitates Gunther's voice and
informs the terror-stricken Brnnhilde that she is now Gunther's
wife. He takes the Ring from Brnnhilde's finger. He decides to
spend the night here, but proclaims that Nothung will guard his
oath of blootbrotherhood during the night.



  ACT II

  Hagen has fallen asleep. His father, Alberich, appears in a
dreamvision. He tells Hagen that he must oppose Wotan's kin and
gain the Ring no matter what price. He also says that the
Rhinemaidens must not get the Ring or all is lost - and that
Brnnhilde might be wise enough to do that. As Alberich gets
Hagen's promise, he disappears and Hagen wakes up. 
  Just then Siegfried appears, using the Tarnhelm's power of
teleportation. He speeds to Gutrune, telling her that she can
now marry Siegfried: he has completed his part of the bargain. 
  Hagen blows into a cowhorn, summoning the Gibich vassals, who
think there is an attack or some other danger. This is, however,
only a practical joke: he tells the alarmed vassals that there
is no danger and they should now prepare a great marriage feast.
The vassals love Hagen's joke.
  As the crowd watches, Brnnhilde and Gunther come from a boat.
Brnnhilde is shocked, seeing Siegfried and Gutrune together.
Then she notices the Ring on Siegfried's finger and says it was
Siegfried who took the Ring from her. Siegfried is confused: he
can now remember slaying a Dragon and thus winning the Ring.
Hagen suggests to Brnnhilde that Siegfried has played some
trick. Brnnhilde screams: trickery! treachery! The crowd is
getting nervous. She even claims that Siegfried forced delight
from her, at which Siegfried decides to swear a new oath that he
has spoken true. Hagen offers his spear for the oath. Siegfried
swears: if I have sworn falsely, let yours be the blade that
pierces me. Suddenly, Brnnhilde also places her hand on the
spear and blesses the blade for this purpose, for, she says,
falsely has Siegfried sworn indeed. Siegfried feels a bit uneasy
whispers to Hagen that maybe the Tarnhelm hid his features only
partially and instructs Hagen that he should let Brnnhilde be
in peace for some time so that she can learn to accept her fate.
  Later, Brnnhilde, Hagen and Gunther are together. Brnnhilde
wonders what has happened to Siegfried - what devil's trickery
has made him betray her? Hagen offers to avenge her on
Siegfried, but Brnnhilde doubts his combat prowess: a single
flicker from Siegfried's eyes would suffice to make Hagen's
courage falter. Surely, asks Hagen, he would still be vulnerable
to his spear because of the false oath he swore on it?
Brnnhilde says that she has protected Siegfried with magic
which makes him invulnerable to any weapon - only his back she
spared protection as she knew Siegfried would never turn and run
from any combat. There shall my spear strike, declares Hagen.
Gunther is desperate: the events have put him into a terrible
shame. Hagen's answer is that only one thing can restore his
honour now: Siegfried's death. Gunther falls silent and
hesitates, but Hagen makes him go around with a hint of the all-
powerful Ring which Siegfried is wearing. Brnnhilde, Hagen and
Gunther decide that Siegfried shall die. Aside, Hagen tells
Alberich to summon the Nibelungs to serve him once more: the
hour of their dominion is at hand.



  ACT III

  The Three Rhinemaidens are singing and swimming in the River
Rhine, as Siegfried arrives. He is hunting, but has lost his
prey. The Rhinemaidens spot the Ring and try to persuade (almost
seduce) Siegfried into giving it to them. For a moment Siegfried
holds the Ring in the air and is indeed going to give it away,
but as the Rhinemaidens warn him of the dangers which he will
meet if does not yield the Ring, he simply declares he does not
care for his life and leaves. The Rhinemaidens swim away calling
him a madman - and they prophecy that the Ring will today go to
a certain lady, who make a more reasonable decision. Siegfried
ignores them: first seducing, then threatening, but did not work
- not for him.
  Siegfried meets the rest of the hunting party: Hagen, Gunther
and some vassals. Gunther is very depressed as Hagen mixes a
drink for Siegfried, who also offers the drink to Hagen. To
brighten Gunther, Siegfried decides to tell a story from the
years when he was but a boy. He now remembers Mime and how he
could understand the bird which told him not to trust Mime - and
how he eventually slaughtered Mime. Hagen gives him another
drink which will "waken [his] memory more clearly". Now
Siegfried tells the others how he found Brnnhilde - Gunther is
shocked: Siegfried remembers now everything! Two ravens fly up
and circle above Siegfried, then fly away. Hagen asks him if he
was able to understand what the ravens said. Revenge they cried
to me, says Hagen, and plunges his spear in Siegfried's back.
Siegfried falls down. Gunther and the vassals are terrified and
ask Hagen what did he do that for. Hagen still maintains it was
a vengeance. Siegfried opens his eyes and still sees a vision of
Brnnhilde, then dies. 
  Siegfried's corpse is taken to the hall of the Gibichungs.
Hagen tells Gutrune that Siegfried has fallen prey to a wild
boar. Gutrune accuses Gunther of murdering Siegfried, but
Gunther replies that Hagen was the "wild boar". Hagen confesses
murdering Siegfried, but as Gunther proceeds to take the Ring,
he attacks Gunther and strikes him dead, saying abruptly: "Give
the Ring here!". Now everyone present is shocked, as Gunther is
killed by his own half-brother. Nobody makes any attempt to stop
Hagen as he now proceeds to take the Ring - but miraculously
Siegfried's corpse raises its hand as Hagen draws near. Hagen is
terrified and dares not go any nearer. 
  Now Brnnhilde enters: she has heard everything and now knows
what all was about. She makes even Gutrune admit that Siegfried
belonged to Brnnhilde all the time.
  Brnnhilde instructs the vassals to pile logs into a funeral
pyre and leave Siegfried's corpse atop the pyre. She understands
that it was not in fact Siegfried who deceived her as he in turn
was betrayed himself and thus forgives Siegfried and mourns her
loss. She wishes him peace saying that he knows now everything.
She takes the Ring and says that the fire that soon consumes her
will cleanse it from the Curse and then the Rhinemaidens can
fetch their gold from the ashes. She puts on the Ring and takes
a torch from one of the vassals. She tells Wotan's ravens to fly
home past the Valkyrie Rock and bid Loge, who is still there, to
go to Valhalla: the downfall of gods is nigh. He hurls the torch
into the pyre with the words "Thus do I throw this torch at
Valhalla's vaulting towers!" (DG translation). The wood catches
fire rapidly. Brnnhilde mounts her steed, Grane, and speaking a 
last greeting to Siegfried she rides into the blazing pyre.
  "The flames instantly blaze up and fill the entire space
before the hall, seeming even to seize on the building. In
terror the women cower towards the front. Suddenly the fire
falls together, leaving only a mass of smoke which collects at
back and forms a cloud bank on the horizon. The Rhine swells up
mightily and sweeps over the fire. On the surface appear the
three Rhine-daughters, swimming close to the fire-embers. Hage,
who has watched Brnnhilde's proceedings with increasing
anxiety, is much alarmed on the appearance of the Rhine-
daughters. He flings away hastily his spear, shield and helmet,
and madly plunges into the flood crying 'Keep away from the
Ring!' 
  Woglinde and Wellgunde twine their arms round his neck and
draw him thus down below. Flosshilde, swimming before the others
to the back, holds the recovered Ring joyously up.
  Through the cloud-bank on the horizon breaks an increasing red
glow. In its light the Rhine is seen to have returned to its bed
and the nymphs are circling and playing with the Ring on the
calm waters.
  From the ruins of the half-burnt hall, the men and women
perceive with awe the light in the sky, in which now appears the
hall of Valhalla, where the gods and heroes are seen sitting
together.... Bright flames seize on the abode of the gods; and
when this is completely enveloped by them, the curtain falls."
(Wagner's stage directions)

---------------------------------------------------------------

Compiled by Topi Ylinen | Internet: f1toyl@kielo.uta.fi
Not every detail is mentioned above, I simply gave an account of
the things which I considered most important.
