Dear Fellow Concerned Citizen;

	The following information was compiled from literature that I received 
at the July 4, 1993 Pro-Hemp rally in Milwaukee, WI. The rally was sponsored 
by the Milwaukee Chapter of NORML - The National Organization for the Reform 
of Marijuana Laws. I personally have not smoked marijuana in many years, but 
feel the repeal of marijuana prohibition will have a positive socio-economic 
impact on our country, in addition to reducing the strain on our dwindling 
natural resources.

	 Please take a few minutes to read this, and if you find our position 
to be valid, I urge you to write your senators and congressmen expressing your 
views. Your opinion DOES matter, but it won't be heard in Washington unless 
you send a letter. Elected officials are obligated to act in accordance with 
their constituent's wishes, but very few voters ever write to Congress. This 
means that your single letter is speaking for thousands, if not millions of 
your fellow citizens. Exercise your rights as an American, and exercise them 
often, or somebody else will speak for you. If you have any comments or 
questions, please contact your local NORML chapter. Thank you for your time.

			       Todd Mailandt
			    5379 Eastway, Apt. 2
			    Greendale, WI 53129
			      (414) 423-1740


			    For More Information:

				   NORML
			       P.O. Box 92251
			     Milwaukee, WI 53202
			       (414) 273-HEMP


			     HEMP & THE ECONOMY
	(Compiled by the Business Alliance for Commerce in Hemp - BACH)


		       Hemp's Role in Economic History

	Hemp is regarded as probably being the first crop cultivated by 
humans, as early as 8,000 B.C. in the Middle East. It provided the sails for 
ships that allowed commerce and made Columbus' trip to America possible (other 
fibers would have decayed somewhere in mid-Atlantic). Hemp replaced papyrus as 
the source of paper that fostered the spread of written knowledge. Hemp was 
the largest cash crop in the world until the late 19th century, when new 
technology began to replace it. But marijuana is again the largest cash crop 
in America; it generates almost four times as much revenue ($41.6 billion/yr) 
as does it's closest competitor, corn ($13.37 billion), according to the 
federal Drug Enforcement Administration. But this is only a small fraction of 
the potential revenue that will be generated when hemp again takes it's 
rightful place in the agricultural, textile, food, fuel, cordage, fabrication, 
pharmaceutical, paper and other affected businesses. Currently, enforcement of 
the prohibition and eradication programs cost taxpayers hundreds of millions 
of dollars, has created a non-taxed black market of tens of billions of 
dollars and has increased the domestic marijuana crop, according to the DEA. 
The National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) estimated that there were 29 
million regular users of marijuana and hashish in 1985 and 21 million in 1988. 
Most sources regard these federal figures as being low. However, even based on 
the low figures, it is clear that there is a lucrative market in smoking 
paraphernalia worth billions of dollars that is suppressed.

			       Hemp Saves Farms

	Hemp was the major cash crop of the U.S., including most of the areas 
suffering from family farm foreclosures, until just before the Great 
Depression. But the "cash crop of tomorrow" cannot legally be used to end the 
farm crisis of today.

			       Hemp For Clothing

	Fabrics made from hemp are warmer, softer, stronger, more water 
absorbent and last 26 times longer than cotton. This amazing plant fiber holds 
it's shape as well as polyester, but "breathes" and is biodegradable because 
it is organic. It has been valued for it's durability since before recorded 
history. It can be woven as smooth as silk or as intricately as lace. The 
canvas sails on generations of ships and the original Levi jeans were made of 
hemp. The quality of this fiber has yet to be surpassed.

				Hemp For Paper

	Paper made from hemp lasts many times longer than that made of wood 
pulp, without yellowing or otherwise deteriorating. It does not require 
dangerous chemicals like wood, and has been called the "archivist's perfect 
paper". The Declaration of Independence and U.S. Constitution were both 
originally drafted on hemp, the basis of our free press. The Gutenberg Bibles 
were made of it, as were illuminated manuscripts of the middle ages. It 
replaced papyrus as a source of paper. But prohibition laws have led to the 
destruction of 70% of America's forests since 1937. Help us restore hemp to 
it's rightful place in history.

			    Hemp Could Save S&L's

	The Savings & Loan industry could recoup many of it's losses by 
allowing debtors (i.e., real estate) to invest in hemp. By way of comparison, 
the federal cost overrun of the S&L bailout program submitted by President 
Bush in August, 1989, is $50 billion, and money from marijuana sales for 1988 
was 41.6 billion, meaning that the money generated by sales of relaxational 
hemp alone could pay 80% or more of the difference. Estimates of the total 
legitimate revenues that would be generated by legal commerce in hemp range 
from 10 to 100 times that amount. But hemp is held hostage by protectionist 
laws.  Help restore competition & security to the American economy.



			       HEMP FOR FUEL
	  (Excerpted from Energy Farming in America, by Lynn Osburn)


	Biomass conversion to fuel has proven economically feasible, first in 
laboratory tests and by continuous operation of pilot plants in field tests 
since 1973.  When the energy crop is growing, it takes in CO2 from the air, so 
when it is burned, the CO2 is released, creating a balanced system. Biomass is 
the term used to describe all biologically produced matter. World production 
of biomass is estimated at 146 billion metric tons per year, mostly wild plant 
growth. Some farm crops and trees can produce up to 20 metric tons per acre of 
biomass a year. Types of algae and grasses may produce 50 metric tons per 
year. This biomass has a heating value of 5000-8000 BTU/lb, with virtually no 
ash or sulfur produced during combustion. About 6% of contiguous United States 
land area put into cultivation for biomass could supply all current demands 
for oil and gas. The foundation upon which this will be achieved is the 
emerging concept of "energy farming", wherein farmers grow and harvest crops 
for biomass conversion to fuels.

	Pyrolysis is the technique of applying high heat to organic matter 
(lignocellulosic materials) in the absence of air or or in reduced air. The 
process can produce charcoal, condensable organic liquids (pyrolitic fuel 
oil), non-condensable gases, acetic acid, acetone and methanol. The process 
can be adjusted to favor charcoal, pyrolitic oil, gas, or methanol production 
with a 95.5% fuel-to-feed efficiency. Pyrolysis has been used since the dawn 
of civilization. Ancient Egyptians practiced wood distillation by collecting 
the tars and pyroligneous acid for use in their embalming industry. 
Methanol-powered automobiles and reduced emissions from coal-fired power 
plants can be accomplished by biomass conversion to fuel utilizing pyrolysis 
technology, and at the same time save the American family farm while turning 
the American heartland into a prosperous source of clean energy production. 
Pyrolysis has the advantage of using the same technology now used to process 
crude fossil fuel oil and coal. Coal and oil conversion is more efficient in 
terms of fuel-to-feed ratio, but biomass conversion by pyrolysis has many 
environmental and economic advantages over coal and oil. Pyrolysis facilities 
will run three shifts a day. Some 68% of the energy of the raw biomass will be 
contained in the charcoal and fuel oils made at the facility. This charcoal 
has nearly the same heating value in BTU as coal, with virtually no sulfur. 
Pyrolytic fuel oil has similar properties to No. 2 and No. 6 fuel oil. The 
charcoal can be transported economically by rail to all urban area power 
plants generating electricity. The fuel oil can be transported economically by 
trucking creating more jobs for Americans. When these plants use charcoal 
instead of coal, the problems of acid rain will begin to disappear. When this 
energy system is on line producing a steady supply of fuel for electrical 
power plants, it will be more feasible to build the complex gasifying systems 
to produce methanol from the cubed biomass, or make synthetic gasoline from 
the methanol by the addition of the Mobil Co. process equipment to the 
gasifier.

	Farmers must be allowed to grow an energy crop capable of producing 10 
tons per acre in 90-120 days. This crop must be woody in nature and high in 
lignocellulose. It must be able to grow in all climactic zones in America. And 
it should not compete with food crops for the most productive land, but be 
grown in rotation with food crops or on marginal land where food crop 
production isn't profitable. When farmers can make a profit growing energy, it 
will not take long to get 6% of continental American land mass into 
cultivation of biomass fuel -- enough to replace our economy's dependence on 
fossil fuels. We will no longer be increasing the CO2 burden in the 
atmosphere. The threat of global greenhouse warming and adverse climactic 
change will diminish. To keep costs down, pyrolysis reactors need to be 
located within a 50 mile radius of the energy farms. This necessity will bring 
life back to our small towns by providing jobs locally.

	Hemp is the number one biomass producer on planet earth: 10 tons per 
acre in approximately four months. It is a woody plant containing 77% 
cellulose. Wood produces 60% cellulose. This energy crop can be harvested with 
equipment readily available. It can be "cubed" by modifying hay cubing 
equipment. This method condenses the bulk, reducing trucking costs from the 
field to the pyrolysis reactor. And the biomass cubes are ready for conversion 
with no further treatment. Hemp is drought resistant, making it an ideal crop 
in the dry western regions of the country. Hemp is the only biomass resource 
capable of making America energy independent. And our government outlawed it 
in 1938. Remember, in 10 years, by the year 2000, America will have exhausted 
80% of her petroleum reserves. Will we then go to war with the Arabs for the 
privilege of driving our cars; will we stripmine our land for coal, and poison 
our air so we can drive our automobiles an extra 100 years; will we raze our 
forests for our energy needs? During World War II, our supply of hemp was cut 
off by the Japanese. The federal government responded to the emergency by 
suspending marijuana prohibition. Patriotic American farmers were encouraged 
to apply for a license to cultivate hemp and responded enthusiastically. 
Hundreds of thousands of acres of hemp were grown. The argument against hemp 
production does not hold up to scrutiny: hemp grown for biomass makes very 
poor grade marijuana. The 20 to 40 million Americans who smoke marijuana would 
loath to smoke hemp grown for biomass, so a farmer's hemp biomass crop is 
worthless as marijuana. It is time the government once again respond to our 
economic emergency as they did in WWII to permit our farmers to grow American 
hemp so this mighty nation can once again become energy independent and smog 
free.



				    NORML
		      YOU DON'T HAVE TO SMOKE MARIJUANA
				TO JOIN NORML
		      By Don Fiedler, National Director

	When Keith Stroup founded the National Organization for the Reform of 
Marijuana Laws in October of 1970, he defined NORML as the marijuana 
consumer's lobby. In an interview in Gallery magazine in August, 1978, the 
first National Director estimated that there were "15 million regular users of 
marijuana".  Stroup went on to say, "Can you imagine? If you can get 15 
million people that cared enough about reforming marijuana laws...?" Can you 
imagine? Can you imagine if each marijuana consumer would have sent NORML just 
one dollar a year since Keith made that statement more than a decade ago? 
There was, and is, a political sleeping giant snoozing away with our natural 
constituency. If there ever was a time for an awakening, it is now; and a rude 
awakening it will be.

The Drug War:
	The plan serves up the casual user of marijuana as one of the main 
courses, with recipes of zero tolerance, user accountability and demand 
reduction that threaten the marijuana consumer's liberty, assets and job 
security. The sobering fact is that, even if our natural constituency becomes 
activated, it is going to require another important ingredient to stop the 
marijuana prohibition pendulum's repressive swing backward. Simply put, the 
issue was, is and always will be one of choice. The nation's citizens should 
have the right to make responsible decisions regarding how they control their 
bodies, especially when intoxicants like alcohol and tobacco are legal and 
pose a far greater harm than marijuana. You do not have to be a woman or have 
an abortion to be Pro-Choice; you do not have to use marijuana to support 
NORML. There can be a strong case made for non-marijuana users to join NORML. 
The current marijuana laws are draconian enough. After the National Drug 
Control Strategy is implemented by Congress, enforcement of the new laws will 
present the next major step in the creation of the police state/martial law 
mentality which is so pervasive in the country today.

True Justice:
	In the age of Pericles, some 2,500 years ago, a famed Athenian jurist 
named Solon said, "True justice will exist only when those not affected by a 
law are as indignant as those who are." There are millions of indignant 
non-marijuana users who are fearful of what America is becoming in the name of 
a drug-free society. When the prohibition becomes worse than the drug itself, 
it is time to end the prohibition. You do not have to use marijuana to share 
these thoughts.

Constructive Use of Tax Revenue:
	The over-burdened taxpayer understands the hypocrisy of alcohol and 
tobacco being legal and taxed, while marijuana is neither legal nor taxed. The 
difference between enforcement costs to continue the prohibition and the tax 
yield with regulation is conservatively estimated at $50 billion - another 
fact which supports the proposition that NORML is not just for the marijuana 
consumer. With the $50 billion tax revenue, NORML offers the best solution to 
the drug problem. Solutions which can answer the question the politicians 
can't: How do you take an inner-city youth (which, as Jesse Jackson says, is a 
code word for "Black or Hispanic"), and motivate him or her to get a job 
working at Burger King for $3.50 an hour, when that youngster can go out on 
the streets and earn $350 an hour selling crack? And it's not just a financial 
question. The minority viewpoint - and a justifiable one - is that they can 
count on their buddies or fellow gang members more than they can expect any 
help or hope from the government. The increased tax base from legalized 
marijuana offers funding which could go for educational and occupational 
programs that are meaningful, and to an alternative way of living that offers 
hope. No one in America is more willing to pay the cost of solving the 
problems which go to the very roots of drug abuse than the marijuana smoker. 
That fact alone should motivate non-smokers to join NORML.

Marijuana as Medicine:
	Marijuana prohibition prevents doctors from treating their patients 
with the plant's therapeutic powers. Marijuana spells "relief" to those 
unfortunate fellow citizens in the throes of nausea from cancer chemotherapy. 
Marijuana has a stabilizing effect on intra-ocular pressure of the eye, which 
is a primary symptom of glaucoma. Marijuana can be used effectively in 
conjunction with other medicines to reduce the frequency and severity of 
epileptic seizures. Marijuana literally has given such relief to victims of 
multiple sclerosis that they are able to get out of their wheelchairs. Use of 
marijuana as a folk medicine for headaches, depression, stress and menstrual 
cramps is documented throughout recorded history. The friends and families of 
loved ones as well as the patients themselves who are denied the therapeutic 
aspects of marijuana do not have to smoke marijuana to support NORML.

Industrial Hemp:
	Of course, marijuana's potential as a cash crop should motivate 
farmers to grow legally a crop that is more valuable than oil, a crop that is 
not used just for recreational purposes. Virtually every part of the hemp 
plant, which produces marijuana, has some major use in the marketplace, 
whether it be cloth, paper, particle board or methanol.

Marijuana and the Environment:
	Hemp is a big industry in China, Korea, Italy, France and the Soviet 
Union. Hemp offers environmentalists positive solutions for acid rain, the 
ozone layer, the greenhouse effect, and as an alternative energy source. All 
of these uses go undeveloped in America because of marijuana prohibition - all 
more compelling reasons why it is not necessary to smoke marijuana to support 
NORML.

Sign Up a New Member:
	To accomplish our goals, we need your generous donations, energy, 
wisdom and moral support. However, we must broaden our membership base. Let 
this be a call to action for every person to recruit one more supporter in 
this membership drive - not necessarily a marijuana smoker. NORML has evolved, 
from a marijuana consumer's lobby into an organization that has a much broader 
constituency. You should know this; other marijuana smokers who are not 
members of NORML should know it. But most important of all, the non-smoking 
public should know: YOU DON'T HAVE TO SMOKE MARIJUANA TO SUPPORT NORML.






	





	


X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                     The NIRVANAnet(tm) Seven

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Taipan Enigma        510/935-5845
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408/363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510/527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           801/278-2699
 The New Dork Sublime                     Biffnix              415/864-DORK
 The Shrine                               Rif Raf              206/794-6674
 Planet Mirth                             Simon Jester         510/786-6560

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
