     MAO INHIBITORS: BETA-CARBOLINE POTENTIATION OF LSD AND PSILOCYBIN
        From Lunatic Labs BBS - 213-655-0691 1200/2400

        At the risk of sounding insufferably condescending, let me 
start this file w/ a warning and a word of caution: the combination of 
substances discussed here is DEFINITELY NOT RECOMMENDED for the 
inexperienced or reluctant user of psychedelics. These mixtures are 
NOT even meant for RECREATIONAL use. LSD and psilocybin (the active 
substance in 'magic mushrooms') by themselves are powerfully mind 
altering psychedelics. Unless you have experienced and are able to 
ENJOY AND UNDERSTAND hi-dose LSD (over 5 hits/500mics) and psilocybin 
(4-5 grs of magic mushrooms or more) the use of MAO inhibitors to 
potentiate these indole psychedelics IS NOT FOR YOU.
        The purpose of this text file is two-fold: to add to the very 
sparse body of knowledge that exists on the use of MAO inhibitors and 
to stress that use of MAO inhibitors w/ potent psychedelics will, in 
short, invariably result in a very, very serious mind-fuck. unless 
youre crazy enough (like I am) to *enjoy* having your reality, thought 
and perceptual processes seriously altered for 10+ hrs w/o relief, you 
should use the content of this file for informational purposes only.
        If, after perusing this information, you feel tempted to 
attempt the experience for yourself, feel free to send me email w/ any 
questions, comments, concerns you have. MAO inhibitors are nothing to 
trifle w/. you cannot use them 'just recreationally'. the careless and 
uninformed use of MAO inhibitors can result in serious physical
complications, like death.


        I had gotten interested in taking indole psychedelics in a 
state of MAO inhibition, after obtaining an unpublished, underground 
manuscript from Gracie&Zarkov, two renegade bay area psychedelic 
explorers, who have regular guest appearances in High 
Frontiers/Reality Hackers and a 20+ year history of psychedelic 
investigation. (they are also two SF investment bankers in real life). 
specifically, one of their papers describes their work w/ b-carboline, 
harmala alkaloid containing plants (passion flower, syrian rue and
caapi) when extracts of each are smoked in conjunction w/ DMT, LSD and 
psilocybin.
        note that it is not possible to obtain b-carboline 
potentiation effects by just smoking the dried plant material; if you
cant get the extracts of the plants (all of which are legal), you need
to perform the extraction process yourself. otherwise youd need to
smoke about 750 grs (about 1.5 lbs !!) of passion flower to get an effect.

        for our fist experiment into MAO inhibitors, three volunteers
participated (two prominent users on this bbs and myself). all of us are
experienced users of various psychedelics across most possible doses; between
the three of us, we would probably log a couple hundred psychedelic trips,
incl. combinations of various substances.
        the b-carboline containing plant we used was passion flower (see my
recent posts on this sub on using passion flower in conjunction w/ marijuana
and sassafras root bark). I was able to obtain passion flower in two forms at
a local herb store: dried chopped plant material packaged in gel caps and
60 ml of the plant extract - which is more than enough to achieve MAO
inhibition (getting the extract was a stroke of luck, for sure, it saved me
the very tedious and time consuming extraction process). to obtain a smokable
substance of passion flower, I mixed about 1500mg of the plant material (the
content of five gelcaps) w/ 50 drops of the extract, forming a smooth emulsion.
the mixture was then dried in the microwave for 3min on low power, which left
us, w/ a soft, crumbly substance, hash-like in color and texture.

        we rapidly took 10-15 hits, resulting in a very mild, 
pot-like high, which by itself surely wouldnt be worth scorching your 
throat and lungs w/ the harsh smoke. two of us (incl myself) then took
400-500 mics (4-5 hits) of LSD, while the other volunteer took 2.8 grs 
of potent stropharia (magic mushrooms).
        at this point Ive only obtained a few details of the content 
of their repective trips from the other two participants, and I havent
quite integrated the scope of my own experiences yet. Ill post some of
the more relevant details to the board as they come to me; on the more 
general side, all of us agree on the following:

- the dose felt subjectively three to four times more potent than
  it actually was, incl. a much longer lasting trip (about 10 hrs for me)
  than is normal for the doses we took.

- closed and open eye imagery were greatly enhanced with circular, highly
  detailed, bright and (for me) incredibly colorful and vivid images.

- the mental state we achieved for all of us was the most 'altered' 
  that any of us had experienced under the influence of psychedelics. 
  to quote one of our participants: "fuck, I sure have *never* tripped
  on shrooms like *this* before!!"

Some details from my own trip experience:

being somewhat sensitive to white lite (even a 50 watt bulb) on LSD, I
retreated to the bedroom just about when I felt the peak coming on. I
was lying back on the bed looking at the ceiling lite, which contained 
a single red bulb. the lamp shade (made of milky glass) was such that 
the red lite was spread in a circle almost across the entire ceiling, 
w/ the deepest, darkest shade of red centered around the bulb itself.
I kept looking at the lite and the ceiling, excluding everything else
from the field of my vision. the ceiling was moving, waving, 
undulating (the wall-breathing experience is quite common on LSD and 
didnt surprise me). the incredible thing was the way the colors 
centered around the bulb kept changing vividly and fluently across the
entire red-orange-yellow spectrum and back again, with all of those 
colors being present on different parts of the ceiling at any one 
time. this color-motion (which Ive never experienced on LSD alone) 
added quite a factor of intensity to the wall-breathing experience.
at one point I was watching a volcano erupt; later, I felt like I was
looking right into the vortex of a whirlpool of red-orange colored 
fast-moving water, w/ a black hole at its center (the 'hole' being
actually a black knob on the lampshade). I was quite impressed w/ that 
show inside my mind, believe me.... who needs hollywood for special
effects.... :-)
this volcano/whirlpool vision also strikes me as being a good example
of the power of MAO inhibitors: if you are 'normally' disturbed by 
the "wall-breathing" experience on LSD/psilocybin alone, the reddish
color movement across the spectrum may very well send you over the 
edge - remember that I was lying perfectly still and that the ceiling 
and lite, of course, objectively did not move either. the motion 
picture of red colors was playing solely in my mind....

once again, stay away from MAO inhibitors/LSD combinations, unless 
youre absolutely positive that you can lie back and enjoy *major* 
hallucinatory states. also remeber that a red lite bulb is a 
relatively innocent and stationary(!) visual stimulus. Im sure you can 
imagine much less benign visual stimuli to hallucinate upon...
I do have some more details in this department (all of us watched the 
movie 'Tron' just as we'd reached the down side of the peak), but Ill 
save those for some interesting posts to the board after having 
consulted some more w/ my fellow trippers....


A final word of warning extracted from the booklet "Legal Highs", 
p.31:

           ====>>> DANGEROUS COMBINATIONS <<<====

        MAO (monoamine oxidase) is an enzyme produced in the body 
which breaks down certain amines and renders them harmless and 
ineffective. An MAO inhibitor interferes w/ the protective enzyme and 
leaves the body vulnerable to these amines. A common substance such as 
tyramine, which is usually metabolized w/ little or no pharmacological 
effect, may become dangerous in the presence of MAO inhibitors and 
cause headache, stiff neck, cardiovascular difficulties and even 
death. In the presence of MAO inhibitors, many substances which are 
ordinarily non-active because of their swift metabolism, may become 
potent psychoactive drugs. the harmala alkaloids in passion flower are 
especially potent inhibitors, but short lasting in action (30 min to 
several hours). some commercial MAO inhibitors, however, are effective 
for periods of days to weeks.
        Among the materials which may be dangerous in combination w/ 
MAO inhibitors are sedatives, tranquilizers, antihistamines, 
narcotics, and alcohol - any of which can cause hypotensive crises 
(severe blood pressure drop); and amphetamines (even diet pills), 
mescaline, asarone, nutmeg (active doses), macromerine, ephedrine, 
oils of dill, parsley or wild fennel, beer, wine, cocoa, aged cheeses
and other tyrosine-containing foods - any of which can cause 
hypertensive crises (severe blood pressure rise).


STAY HIGH AND STAY FREE

-Castalia



