                          The Common Sense Series
               a publication of the National Organization
                      for the Reform of Marijuana Laws
 
                              on the matter of
 
          M A R I J U A N A   A N D   T H E   H U M A N   B O D Y
 
    The moderate use of marijuana is neither harmless nor devastating to
the user. Unfortunately, the politics of marijuana has distorted research
findings and made it difficult to find out the truth about marijuana's
effect on human health. NORML believes that honest, verifiable information
is the most effective tool to prevent the abuse of marijuana. This text
examines the effects of marijuana on the human body, as described by a
comprehensive report prepared for the Federal government by the most
respected scientific body in the United States, the National Academy of
Sciences. This text first examines some of the exaggerated claims made
about marijuana and then provides the truth about marijuana's effects on
human health.
 
                  EXAGGERATED CLAIMS ABOUT MARIJUANA
 
    Despite evidence to the contrary, many individuals and organizations
maintain that marijuana is an extremely dangerous drug.  For example, the
National Federation of Parents for Drug Free Youth attempts to reach its
societal and legislative goals by making the following claims:
 
    1. Marijuana is a harmful substance because it has 421 chemicals.
    2. Marijuana is stronger than it was 10 years ago, and this new, potent
       marijuana presents dangers unrecognized years ago.
    3. Marijuana is far worse for the lungs than tobacco.
    4. Marijuana causes damage to the reproductive system.
    5. The psychoactive chemicals in marijuana are fat soluble and stay in
       the human body for a month, increasing the danger of exposure.
    6. Marijuana causes brain damage and a behavioral disorder known as
       amotivational syndrome.
    7. Any use of marijuana is abuse, and marijuana has no medical value
       whatsoever.
 
    The National Federation of Parents supports prohibition of marijuana
because it believes that marijuana is so dangerous that no one can use it
safely.  According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, which supports
the NFP, many parents welcomed discovery of reports suggesting marijuana's
harmfulness because the claims reinforced their own instincts about
marijuana.
 
   In fact, the reports used to justify the above claims have been found to
be inconclusive by other researchers.  Hence, warnings intended to dramatize
the supposed ill-effects of marijuana are often couched with phrases like
"marijuana can...".  "Marijuana may...",  or "If the experts are right...".
 
                         THE TRUTH ABOUT MARIJUANA
 
    The Institute of Medicine of the NAtional Academy of Sciences conducted
a 15-month study of the health-related effects of marijuana in 1982.  They
appointed a 22-member committee to analyze existing scientific evidence
bearing on the possible hazards to the health and safety of users of
marijuana.
 
    The report concludes: "the scientific evidence published to date
indicates that marijuana has a broad range of psychological and biological
effects, some of which, at least under certain circumstances, are harmful
to human health". In a companion report providing policy recommendations
to the Academy's National Research Council, regulation of the marijuana
market is advocated as the most effective method of controlling marijuana.
 
 The National Academy of science's report rebuts many of the exaggerated
 claims made about marijuana.
 
    1. Of the 421 chemicals in marijuana, only 61 are unique to marijuana.
       The chemicals are known as cannabinoids.  One of them, delta-9 THC,
       produces the psychoactive effect and is the focus of most research.
       The other 360 chemicals in the marijuana plant are found throughout
       other natural substances.
 
    2. The higher potency marijuana grown in the United States represents
       about half of all the marijuana consumed here. Because of it's higher
       potency many smokers use far less of it than less potent marijuana.
 
    3. Differences in dosage and frequency of consumption render comparisons
       between marijuana and tobacco consumption invalid, despite similarity
       in the composition of their smoke. Marijuana smoke irritates the
       lungs.  Heavy exposure of the lungs to irritation such as smoke
       increases the likelihood of lung cancer and other lung problems.
       Marijuana speeds the heartbeat and is unhealthy for people with
       high blood pressure or other cardiovascular ailments.
 
    4. Marijuana does reduce the sperm count and obstruct sperm mobility in
       males within the normal range.  These side-effects do not seem to
       affect human fertility, and are completely reversible thirty days
       after cessation of use. Marijuana, like other drugs, crosses the
       placenta. While the effects of this are unknown and there is no
       evidence that marijuana causes chromosome damage, we advise women
       to avoid the use of marijuana, tobacco, alcohol, or other drugs not
       prescribed by their physician during pregnancy and nursing.
    5. The intoxicating chemical, THC, is broken down by the human
       metabolism after two or three hours in the body. The by-products of
       this chemical breakdown are referred to as metabolites. These
       metabolites are fat soluble, and take 21-30 days to leave the human
       body via the urine. These metabolites exert no psychoactive effect on
       the human body.
 
    6. After reviewing all of the evidence, the Academy concluded: "There is
       not yet any conclusive evidence as to whether prolonged use of
       marijuana causes permanent changes in the nervous system or sustained
       impairment of brain function and behavior in human beings".
       "Interpretation of the evidence linking marijuana to 'amotivational
       syndrome' is difficult. Such symptoms have been known to occur in the
       absence of marijuana. Even if there is an association between this
       syndrome and the use of marijuana, that does not prove that marijuana
       causes the syndrome. Many troubled individuals seek an 'escape' into
       use of drugs: thus frequent use of marijuana may become one more in a
       series of conterproductive behaviors for these unhappy people".
 
    7. "Cannabis and it's derivatives have shown promise in the treatment of
       a variety of disorders.  The evidence is most impressive in glaucoma,
       where their mechanism of action appears to be different from standard
       drugs:  in asthma.... and in the nausea and vomiting of cancer
       chemotherapy... Similar trials have suggested cannabis might also be
       used in seizures, spasticity, and other nervous system disorders".
 
                           N O R M L ' s   V I E W
 
    1. NORML favors discouraging marijuana abuse and is opposed to
       adolescent drug use.
 
    2. Exaggerated claims about health hazards lack credibility and
       encourage adolescents to try marijuana and other drugs. Government
       research which relies on animal studies and studies of adolescent
       drug abusers presents a skewed perspective of marijuana's effects.
 
    3. The illegality of marijuana, because it equates use with abuse,
       discourages frank discussion of marijuana's effects on health within
       the family and with doctors and nurses.
 
    4. Over 35 million adult Americans use marijuana regularly because they
       find it a relatively safe way to relax.  A regulated marijuana market
       would better protect their health than the unregulated black market.
 
                    W H A T   D O   Y O U   T H I N K ?
 
    For further information:
    National Organization for the Reform Of Marijuana Laws
    (NORML)
    1001 Connecticut
    Washington, DC 20036-1119
    (202) 483-5500
    Richard Cowen, National Director (1993)
