
                                                                 
           


          
                   
                           POT PROHIBITION...?
                                             
                              JUST SAY...


                                  NORML

           NATIONAL ORGANIZATION FOR THE REFORM OF MARIJUANA LAWS 
     

         The government claims you have no right to use pot, NORML
         disagrees. The Constitution guarantees rights to the    
     people, not the Vice Squads.

         Did you know that:

         .   Over 350,000 Americans a year are arrested on       
      marijuana charges?
         .   Marijuana eradication has cost California's economy
             over $450 million a year?
         .   Marijuana decriminalization, in the past, has saved
             Californians $100 million a year?
         .   The primary cause of drug accidents and violence is
             alcohol, not marijuana?
         .   Urine tests register positive for marijuana 1-4 weeks
             after smoking?

            
         STAND UP FOR YOUR RIGHTS TO LIFE, LIBERTY, AND THE PURSUIT
         OF HAPPINESS. DON'T JUST TAKE "NO" FOR AN ANSWER!




         For free information on marijuana, marijuana laws, and  
       drug testing contact:

                              NORML
                              8749 Holloway Dr.
                              West Hollywood, CA. 90069
                              (213)652-8654










                                  NORML
        
         NATIONAL ORGANIZATION FOR THE REFORM OF MARIJUANA LAWS


         WHAT IS NORML?

         NORML is a non-profit, tax exempt educational organization
         supported by tax-deductible contributions from the general
         public.

         NORML provides the public with up-to-date, verifiable   
         information about marijuana, the laws relating to       
         marijuana, and the effects they have on American society. 
         We respond to requests for information about marijuana  
         from students, reporters, legislators, researchers,     
         lawyers, health professionals, members and the general  
         public every working day.


         ARE THERE LOCAL CHAPTERS?

         At the local level, NORML chapters work to educate the 
         public and publicize the services NORML offers. Active  
         members pass out educational materials, post notices,   
         donate publications to libraries, hold public forums,   
         write letters-to-the-editor, monitor court proceedings, 
         and stage local demonstration.

         Working with a chapter, or alone, NORML members help raise
         public consciousness on the marijuana issue locally by  
         participating in public affairs in their community.


         NORML ON DRUG ABUSE

         NORML is an outspoken critic of federal policy calling for
         harsh punishment for marijuana users. NORML favors a    
         system of legal civil regulation and control of marijuana. 
         Some who support the current system mislabel this position
         as "pro-drug".

         NORML does not advocate the use of any drug, not even   
         marijuana. At the same time, NORML supports a system under
         which marijuana may be legally obtained. NORML         
         distinguishes between the use and abuse of drugs, and   
         notes it is only possible to discourage abuse if there is 
         some legitimate control over distribution.

                              (CONTINUED)



         NORML ON DRUG ABUSE - (Continued)

         We believe that consistency is a true mark of integrity. 
         Marijuana is less dangerous than many commonly used     
         substances. It is hypocritical to ban marijuana, while at 
         the same time selling alcohol and tobacco.


         WHAT NORML DOES

         NORML's primary function is to serve the public. We     
         respond to dozens of phone calls and letters every day  
         requesting information on:

           .   MARIJUANA AND HEALTH
           .   MARIJUANA LAWS
           .   THE LEGALIZATION DEBATE
           .   URINALYSIS
           .   REFERRALS TO LOCAL ATTORNEYS
           .   DEVELOPMENTS IN THE JUSTICE SYSTEM
           .   LOCAL MARIJUANA REFORM ORANIZATIONS
           .   RESEARCH CONCERNING DRUGS
           .   LEGISLATIVE ACTIONS
           .   EFFORTS TO CHANGE PENALTIES
           .   AND OTHER RELATED TOPICS

         Our national staff is aided by hundreds of volunteers   
         across the country in the effort to inform the American 
         public on topics relating to marijuana.
         Volunteers also help us distribute publications prepared
         by our staff. Last year NORML distributed thousands of  
         brochures and magazines about marijuana to the general  
         public, including donations to schools and local        
         libraries. 
         
         NORML works with people. We counsel individuals, providing
         them with information and advice or referring them to   
         people who can. We work with individuals to help them   
         accomplish goals - whether they want to prepare for school 
         assignments, or organize their friends to work for reform.

         The most important of all our activities is NORML's     
         ongoing effort to record the stories of Americans whose 
         lives have been damaged by Marijuana prohibition. The pain 
         of a jail sentence, a false urinalysis test, and the    
         inability to obtain marijuana for its medicinal         
         properties, are measures of the profound effect marijuana 
         prohibition has had on American society. NORML preserves
         the record of this tragic injustice, a record best      
         expressed in human terms.


 
         HOW NORML REACTS 

         When people started to question the logic of        
         criminalizing marijuana in 1970, NORML persuaded the 
         public to agree that adults shouldn't go to jail for 
         marijuana use. NORML helped 11 states decriminalize
         marijuana possession, and works to keep those laws in
         place.

         In 1972, when research indicated that marijuana possessed
         potential medical value, NORML filed a lawsuit to compel
         the government to recognize marijuana's therapeutic uses.
         NORML helped persuade 33 states to adopt laws allowing
         marijuana's medical use. On September 6,1988, DEA
         Administrative Law Judge Francis Young decided the suit
         in NORML's favor making marijuana medically available.

         When in became clear that lies were being told about the
         health effects of marijuana, such as the case of its
         reputed ill-effect on the immune system reported in the
         mid 1970's, NORML reacted by gathering facts, analysis,
         and research from eminent experts to refute this typical 
         scare story.

         When the government advocated spraying Paraquat on
         marijuana in the United States, NORML led the public
         outcry which halted the program. NORML demanded and won
         an injunction against the spraying until the completion
         of proper enviormental study, which established reasonable
         safeguards for use of any herbicide in marijuana
         eradication, and effectivly shutting down the use of
         Paraquat for marijuana eradication in the United States.

         When government para-military forces invaded Northern
         California, and engaged in improper search and seizure,
         harassment, and other illegal tactics in an anti-marijuana
         campaign. NORML worked with local attorneys to win a
         federal court order restraining the federal Campaign
         Against Marijuana Planting (C.A.M.P.) program to ensure 
         compliance with the law.

         When urinalysis testing became widespread several years
         ago, NORML became a clearinghouse for legal and technical 
         information, including information about recent
         developments. NORML also launched a lawsuit challenging
         the legality of the military's testing program. 




                          (CONTINUED)



         HOW NORML REACTS (Cont.)

         When misuse of inaccurate urinalysis results became
         apparent, NORML successfully petitioned the FDA to prevent
         marketing of over-the-counter urine test kits, and to
         stiffen the regulatory requirements of kits sold to
         laboratories.

         As discontent about urinalysis testing grew, NORML has
         held protests to demonstrate the opposition of much of the
         public to testing. NORML continues to be a leader in the
         fight for civil rights and privacy against urine testing.

         THE MARIJUANA ISSUE - WHY EDUCATION IS IMPORTANT

         The policy of jailing people for marijuana use is based
         on the premise that marijuana is a "dangerous" drug. Yet 
         commissions appointed by the British government in 1898, 
         the city of New York in 1944, the U.S. government in 1972,
         the Canadian government in 1974, the Austrailian
         government in 1977, the United States government again in 
         1982, and the British government in 1982 as well, have 
         consistently refuted that notion.

         Efforts to stiffen marijuana penalties, or recriminalize 
         marijuana in some states, are based on the claim that 
         marijuana is more potent today, and therefore more
         dangerous. Prohibitionists contend that more potent 
         marijuana renders previous research, including the work
         of the commissions mentioned above, irrelevant.

         Yet, the fact is that potent marijuana has always been
         around. Prohibition has driven the market to make potent
         pot more widely available than before, since it is more 
         profitable. As with alcohol, however, marijuana smokers 
         compensate for higher potency by using less.

         Unlike alcohol, and most other drugs, marijuana has an
         extremely low toxicity - it is impossible to die from an
         overdose of marijuana. Marijuana has been used by humans
         for thousands of years. Marijuana has not changed in the
         last ten years, although the arguments used to justify the
         prohibition have changed.

         Ignorance about marijuana and its use have been
         responsible for the unnecessary and unjust arrests of
         300,000 - 400,000 American citizens each year over the 
         last 15 years. Since 1965, over 8 million people have been
         arrested for a marijuana "crime".

                          (CONTINUED)


         THE MARIJUANA ISSUE - (Cont.)

         Without public education, our government bases its
         policies on discredited information. Without public 
         education, social leaders disseminate inaccurate and
         distorted information. Without public education, failed
         policies remain popular. This is why NORML is so important
         today. Please, join.
 
         HOW SHOULD YOU REACT

         GET VOCAL!!! Tell your legislators, and your Congressmen
         you believe marijuana, and marijuana users should be 
         excluded from the "War on Drugs"

         JOIN NORML!!!! Send in the coupon on this page, along with
         your $25 annual membership to:
                         NORML          
                         Suite #640
                         2001 'S' Street NW
                         Washington DC, 20009 
         NORML's activities are funded by Tax-Deductible
         contributions from the public. Please give generously.

----------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------
     
     NAME:--------------------------------------------

     ADDRESS:-----------------------------------------

     CITY/ST/ZIP:-------------------------------------           
      

       []   Regular Membership: $25
       []   Low-Income Membership: $15
       []   Family Membership: $35

     Contributions:  []$250   []$100   []$     

      Membership includes a subscription to THE LEAFLET, special
      product offerings, and more!


-----------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------

 








X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                     The NIRVANAnet(tm) Seven

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Taipan Enigma        510/935-5845
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408/363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510/527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           801/278-2699
 The New Dork Sublime                     Biffnix              415/864-DORK
 The Shrine                               Rif Raf              206/794-6674
 Planet Mirth                             Simon Jester         510/786-6560

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
