FOODSFAMILYNUTRITIONBOOKCOOKVEGETARIANRECIPEALLERGIESMEALS
WHOLE FOODS FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY - NUTRITION BOOK REVIEW

Whole Foods for the Whole Family - Nutrition Book Review
--------------------------------------------------------

	Whole Foods for the Whole Family is an excellent cookbook that is  
well laid  out  and  easy to use.  The foods used are assumed  to be  whole  
grain, nitrite-free  and additive-free.  Fruits and vegetables are assumed to 
be fresh as are oils and nut butters.  

	One  section  includes  "how to make your own"  things  such  as tofu,
yoghurt,  mayonaisse, and sprouts.  Of course desserts are sugar-free but 
some do contain honey.  The book also helps with food combining and thus 
caters to the  vegetarian as well as the flesh eater.  Most recipes include 
the protein  content in grams as well as the calories which is helpful for 
calorie  counters and for vegetarians who need to ensure adequate protein
intake. 

	The recipes are grouped by meals i.e. breakfast, lunch, dinner and 
snacks.  There are also separate sections for baby food and toddlers.  For 
kid`s who like to help or make their own there is a kid's do it yourself 
section. The recipes are quite flexible.  The one for pancakes, for example 
goes by ratios and one can sustitute any ingredient and thus have a different 
recipe everytime one makes pancakes. This is good especially when you have 
allergies to deal with.  

	Recipes also cater to different lifestyles. Some recipes are for 
slow- cookers while others are for last minute meals  when you are short of 
time.  There are also sections on parties, make-ahead, easy to freeze, easy 
to make and left-overs.

	There are very few draw backs to this cookbook.  It does have some 
recipes that use peanuts, pastas, and milk products but these could always 
be substituted for in the recipe.  Like most cookbooks a lot of the recipes 
do use heat over 300 0f.

	Basically,  this is a cookbook  that is easy to use and  has almost 
everything you need to know in it. If one judges a cookbook  by how well the 
pages are worn,  then this is the  most used  cookbook in my kitchen,  and 
that says a lot as I have over fifty cookbooks on my shelf. Above all, the 
food is delicious and nutritious!

