        She was absolutely beautiful.  Not very old, however, maybe
        twelve, but beautiful nonetheless.  She was thin, but not
        skinny, flat chested, with slender hands and fingers and
        long, shapely legs.  Her neck was long; her nose slender,
        her eyes a warm brown, and her smile was white and straight.
        Her hair was a lustrous medium brown, spilling in light
        waves nearly to her slim waist.

        Every time he saw her, she was in her school uniform.  A
        white short sleeve blouse under a navy blue vest, with a
        navy blue skirt that swept to just above her knees.  She
        always wore high heel pumps, either blue suede or white, and
        juding by the sheen on her legs, pantyhose were the norm for
        her.





        He waited until the bus was out of sight and she had begun
        her trek up the road to move in.  There was poignancy in
        this moment that he came to realize.  It was the last time
        she would ever get off that bus, the last time she'd ever
        make that trek up this road.

        His hands were shaking.  He kept patting the gun on the
        seat, glancing back at the ropes and gag for later, at the
        handcuffs for now.  In a few minutes she would be all his.

        The weather had gotten warmer and she'd taken the sweater
        off, carrying it atop a pile of books in the crook of one
        arm.  Her purse dangled on the same shoulder.  She'd changed
        her hair, too, pushing it back behind her ears and holding
        it there with two white barettes, revealing the small
        diamond studs in her earlobes.

        She glanced at him as he pulled past her swerved, cutting
        her off.  He saw her hands go to her mouth in shock.  Then
        he raised the gun and aimed it at her.  "Get in!"

        She hurried over and pulled the door open.  "Throw your
        stuff in the back seat", he demanded.  She threw the books,
        sweater and her purse into the back seat and shut the door,
        cowering in the seat next to him, pale but not crying.  Her
        crisply pressed, straight skirt rode up to reveal a gorgeous
        length of thigh, and he resisted the urge to grab it.

        The power he felt at that moment was like nothing he'd ever
        felt before.  Here he had this gorgeous, terrified young
        girl at his complete mercy, her eyes fixed on him, so
        innocent and pleading, and she was all his to do with as he
        pleased.

        "Please don't hurt me", she begged, her voice breaking.

        Jack shuddered with delight.  For now, he wanted to hear her
        plead, beg.  He picked up the cuffs and told her to put her
        hands out in front of her.  She stuck them out, shutting her
        eyes as tears began to spill down her cheeks.  He clamped
        the cuff down on one of her wrists and told her to cuff the
        other one behind her back.  It took her the better part of a
        minute, she was shaking so badly, but soon the cuff was in
        place.

        Jack started backing out.  "Where are you taking me?", she
        whimpered.

        "Someplace special.  Quiet.  Just me and you.  You're all
        mine now."  His heart was pounding with excitement now.  She
        was all his.  "What's your name?"

        "Faith Myer", the girl sobbed.

        "What's your middle name, Faith Myer?"

        "Chastity."

        Jack thought his balls would explode.  "Nice name.  You a
        virgin, Faith Chastity?"

        "Yes.  I'm a good girl...please don't hurt me..."

        Jack whipped out his cock.  He could have sworn it grew.
        Faith let out a little gasp and turned her head away.  "Look
        at it, Faith!  You ever seen one before?"

        Faith nodded.  "Where?"

        "In...a movie...in school", she hiccupped.

        "Know what it's called?"

        "A p-p-penis", Faith sobbed.

        "It's called a cock, Faith!  A cock!  Know where I'm going
        to put it, Faith?  Tell me!"

        "I-In m-my v-vagi--"

        "In your cunt, slut!  I'm gonna stick it in your virgin
        cunt!  Say it!"

        "Y-your g-going t-t-to stick it i-in my v-v-v-virgin
        c-c-cunt", she sobbed.

        "Where else am I going to put it, Faith?", Jack demanded.

        "I d-don't know", the girl whimpered.

        "WHERE ELSE, FAITH?"

        "I don't know!", the girl screamed.

        "I'm gonna put it in your mouth, Faith!  I'm gonna make you
        suck it!  I'm gonna put in your ass and assfuck you until
        you bleed!"

        The girl screamed and collapsed back against the seat,
        sobbing.  "Please....no...", she begged.

        Jack was loving every second of this.  Such power!

        "You bet I'm gonna, Faith.  You're so fucking good-looking
        and sexy I'm gonna do it again and again!  I'm gonna touch
        you and kiss you and feel anything on you I want, and YOU
        CAN'T DO SHIT ABOUT IT!  What do you think about that,
        Faith?"

        Faith didn't answer.  She was curled up against the door,
        sobbing her eyes out.  She shouldn't waste it, Jack thought.
        I'll give her LOTS to cry about later!

        He grabbed her bare thigh, making her scream.  "You've got
        great legs, Faith.  How old are you, SLUT?"

        "E-Eleven", Faith sobbed.

        Jack held the gun in front of her face.  "How scared are
        you?"

        "Scared!", Faith screamed.  "Don't kill me!"

        "You want to live?  Huh?"

        "Yes!"

        "Then stay scared!  If I even think you really like this,
        I'll blow your fucking head off!"  He grabbed her head and
        pulled her mouth against his, shoving the gun up under her
        skirt so it pressed against her cunt.  She shivered at its
        touch but didn't try to pull away.

        Jack pushed her off.  "Now sit still!  You belong to me,
        Faith.  You got that?  YOU BELONG TO ME!  Nobody can help
        you!  Nobody!"

        Faith cowered down in the seat, sobbing hysterically.  Jack
        wanted to make her suck him off right then and there, maybe
        even pop her cherry.  But he'd been in one place too long.
        Somebody might stop to see if he was having trouble.

        He started to drive.  It was half an hour to his "hideout"
        where he planned to take her.  Faith continued to sob
        loudly, her head resting against the door, just under the
        window.

        Her skirt was still halfway up her thigh, teasing him.  He
        put his hand on top of her thigh and ran it up to her
        panties.  The girl squealed and closed her legs.

        "Open you fucking legs, CUNT!", he screamed at her.  Faith
        quickly opened her legs, squirming a lot and sobbing harder
        as he fondled her virgin middle.

        Jack wanted to slap the girl.  He wanted to hurt her, but he
        didn't know why.  At the same time, he didn't want to damage
        her.  He wanted her to be fresh and sexy for as long as he
        could keep her that way.

        "P-please st-st-stop", Faith begged.  "I have to pee!"

        Jack drew his hand away.  He didn't want her to pee her
        panties.  He wasn't into golden showers.  "You hold it!  You
        piss and I'll kill you right here!"

        He left her be the rest of the way.  He didn't want to scare
        her and make her piss all over.  That would ruin things.

        He soon reached the secluded cabin that was to be his home
        for as long as he wanted to keep Faith.  He got out and
        hurried around to the other side, pulling the girl out.
        Clamping a hand tightly over her mouth, he forced her inside
        and locked the door behind him.

        "You still have to pee?", he snarled.

        Faith nodded emphatically.  Jack pulled out the key to the
        cuffs and took them off.  "Alright.  Take off your skirt and
        your pantyhose and I'll take you to the bathroom.

        Whether out of fear or need, Faith quickly did what he told
        her.  When she stood only in her blouse and panties, he told
        her to put her shoes back on, picked up the skirt and led
        her by the arm to the bathroom.

        "You pee.  Don't wipe it off with toilet paper.  Use the
        washcloth on the sink.  Clean yourself up good.  Then put
        your skirt back on and get your ass out here!", he snapped.

        Taking her skirt, Faith ran inside.  He wanted to watch, but
        not this time.  He wanted her pussy to be a pleasant
        surprise.  As it was, her white cotton panties showed him it
        was flat and probably VERY tight.

        A few minutes later Faith returned, smoothing her skirt.
        Her sobs had quieted a little, but she was still crying.
        Jack grabbed her by the throat and slammed her against the
        wall.

        "Go back in there and blow your nose and wash your face!",
        he demanded.  "Now!"

        Jack let go of her and she scrambled back into the bathroom.
        When he returned she was crying harder, but looked a little
        better.  Grabbing her by the arm, he dragged her toward the
        bedroom, where he planned to keep her.

        Faith's eyes widened when she saw the bed--it was obvious
        she knew what he was going to do.  Just for fun, he pushed
        her backwars onto the bed.  "Lie still!", he snapped.  "You
        fucking move and I'll choke you to death!"

        Faith lay very still, her arms out at her sides and legs
        spread slightly.  She had her eyes shut tightly and looked
        about ready to scream.

        "Say, please don't fuck me", he told her.

        "P-Please d-don't...d-don't...f-fuck me", she sobbed.

        "I won't."

        Her eyes opened.  He grinned.  "I'll just rape the shit out
        of you!"  He threw himself on her, pinning her wrists and
        sealing his mouth over hers.  She had soft, firm lips and
        her mouth tasted sweet.  He thrust his tongue in as far as
        he could, grinding his crotch against hers.  He could feel
        her little heart pounding against his chest and loved every
        second of it.

        Climbing off the girl, he hauled her up by one arm and
        propelled her over to a nearby chair.  He spun her around,
        pinned her arms, and smacked her on the ass.  Faith let out
        a cry and shivered against him.

        "That's just a warning", he told her.  "I want you to sit in
        this chair and don't even think about moving until I come
        back.  You move and I'll hurt you a lot worse!"  He shoved
        her into the chair and stepped out without looking back,
        secure in the knowledge she was too scared to try anything.

        But just in case, he'd deliberately left a phone nearby--one
        that wasn't connected.  If he caught her trying to use it,
        he'd use that as an excuse to hurt her more.

        Out in the car, he got the ropes and gag and all of her
        stuff.  He carried it back inside, only to find her still
        sitting in the chair, showing no sign of having moved.

        She was sobbing quietly, her head hanging, hair over her
        face.  "Please let me go, I won't tell", she begged.

        "Shut up, cunt!", Jack snapped.  "That's your name from now
        on.  Cunt!  I want you to say it!"

        Faith didn't raise her head.  "Cunt."

        Jack slapped her on the side of the head.  "Look at me,
        Cunt.  Tell me how much you like this.  Tell me you deserve
        this."

        Faith shook her head.  "No..."

        Jack slapped her again, harder.  "Tell me!"

        "I like this. I deserve this", Faith sobbed.

        He stepped behind the girl and pulled her wrists together
        behind the chair.  "Please don't tie me up.  I won't try to
        get away!", she pleaded.

        Jack ignored her and tied her wrists.  He made sure the
        ropes weren't too tight, then bound her ankles.  "You have
        great legs, Cunt.  I'm going to have a lot of fun with
        them."  He moved around behind her again and yankd a
        kerchief between her jaws, knotting it behind her head.
        Pulling the girl out of the chair once more, he gave her ten
        hard slaps on the ass, making her scream each time, then
        shoved her back.  Her pretty face was red an she was panting
        hard through the gag.  Reaching dow the front of her blouse,
        he slipped his hand inside her training bra and pinched one
        of her nipples.

        She screamed in agony, her whole body going stiff.  He
        guessed they must be developing and therefore quite sore and
        sensitive.  Good.  He would make her pain something to
        remember.

        He removed his hand and went over to the bed.  It didn't
        take long to rilfe her purse--she didn't have much.  Five
        dollars and a picture of her family, along with a library
        card.  No makeup or anything else.

        He looked at the picture.  It appeared Faith had a younger
        sister, just as pretty, but much youger.  He held it up
        to her face.  "This your sister?", he asked.  Faith nodded.

        "How old is she?"

        "Fihhfe", Faith sobbed, muffled by the gag.

        "What's her name?"

        "Behfcky."

        "Becky?  That's a pretty name.  I'm going to get her too,
        Faith, and bring her here.  Unless you do everything I want,
        you got that?"

        Faith nodded emphatically.  "Good.  Now be scared.  Real
        fucking scared!"

        He jammed his hand into her blouse and pinched her again,
        making her scream.  Withdrawing his hand again, he headed
        into the kitchen.  He needed a beer.

                                    xxx
        For the next hour he let the girl simmer.  His cock got hard
        just thinking about what he wanted to do to her.  After a
        while her loud sobs quieted down and he decided to move onto
        the next part of his plan.

        Jack had planned well, of course.  This was his first
        kidnapping--but not his first rape.  Working as an orderly
        at a mental hospital gave him access to lots of potential
        victims.  His favorite was a catatonic ten year old named
        Kara.  Kara had been at the hospital two years, ever since
        seeing her entire family die in front of her.

        Jack liked her because she wasn't able to tell anyone what
        he did to her.  She didn't react to much of anything--nor
        could she do anything for herself.  She ate if fed, went to
        the bathroom but somebody had to wipe her.  Otherwise she'd
        just lay around and do nothing.

        Kara looked a lot like Faith--long light brown hair and
        brown eyes, small and thin, but not skinny.  It was because
        of that that Jack had been so attracted to Faith.  Unlike
        Kara, Faith would be quite responsive.

        Not that Kara was totally unresponsive.  The first night
        Jack raped her and stole her virginity, she cried.  Not loud
        weeping, just tears rolling down her cheeks, like she felt
        it.  And when he put his cock in her mouth she would
        automatically suck and swallow, though Jack could never
        figure out just why.

        Either way, working there and having Kara to play with
        hadn't been enough, but it had given him the means to plan
        this out carefully.

        He wanted to give Faith maximum pain and terror with minimal
        damage.  He also didn't want a mess.  He'd read a lot of
        stories on raping little girls and stuff, but most of them
        missed some crucial points.  Little girls were prone to
        throw up, piss or shit their pants when they got scared.
        Jack was used to all three--you got it alot, working with
        mental patients--but he didn't want that with Faith.

        It was easily remedied, of course.  He'd clean Faith out
        beforehand.  He had what he needed to do it.  He even
        planned to break the girl's hymen before he raped her to
        keep the blood away.

        Stepping back into the bedroom, he lifted the shaking girl
        from the chair and cradled her in his lap.  Gently he
        pressed her head to his shoulder and stroked her hair.  It
        was all part of the mind games he intended to play with
        her.

        "I'm going to untie you, Faith", he said gently.  "Then
        you're going to take all your clothes off."  He felt her
        start to shake even harder. He gave her a gentle squeeze.
        "Shh, now, I won't hurt you.  I won't even look.  I'm going
        to give you some special panties to wear, and a shirt.  If
        you're a good girl, when I'm done you'll take a bath and
        then you can go to sleep.  Okay?"

        His gentle tone calmed her a little.  He slid her onto the
        bed and went over to the closet, where he'd stored a t-shirt
        he thought might fit her.  The final item was a pair of
        rubber pants with a whole in the back; they were designed
        to fit girls about her size.  The hole was for enemas.

        He untied Faith and turned his back while she undressed. He
        didn't want to see her nude until he raped her.  "Have you
        had a period yet?", he asked.

        "No", she answered softly.

        "Hurry up and get that stuff on.  That hole in the panties
        goes in back."

        A few minutes later she announced she was dressed.  He
        looked her over, admiring the way the rubber pants hugged
        her tiny middle and slender hips.  Grabbing her arm, he took
        her into the bathroom.

        The first thing he did was pull a tampon out of the medicine
        cabinet.  "Stick this in your pussy.  It'll hurt the first
        time but get used to it because all girls gotta do it sooner
        or later."

        Faith took the tampon questioningly, then turned around and
        pulled the front of the rubber pants down.  He watched her
        hands move, inserting it, gasping a little.

        "It hurts", she told him.  "I can't go any further."

        "Push it.  I want you to tear your hymen."

        "Do it or I'll get a knife and do it!", he snapped.

        Shaking, Faith pushed harder.  Not satisified with her
        progress, Jack reached around and gave her hand a shove.
        She screamed and nearly fell as the tampon's plastic
        applicator tore her tender hymen in half.

        Holding her around the waist, Jack told her to pull out the
        applicator and throw it on the floor.  She did as she was
        told, leaving the tampon itself in place.  Jack snapped the
        rubber panties back into place and turned her to face him.

        Kneeling down, he ran his hands up and down her legs.  They
        were baby smooth--not even the lightest of hairs, like most
        little girls had.  "You shave your legs, Faith?"

        "N-No.  My mommy lets me wax them."

        "She's a smart mommy. She must have wanted me to do this.
        When did you wax them last?"

        "Last night", Faith admitted.

        "Good girl.  Now get down on your knees and face the
        toilet."

        Shaking, the girl got down.  Jack took a bottle of syrup of
        ipecac from the medicine cabinet and measured a small amount
        on a spoon.  He made Faith drink it down, then held her head
        when a moment later her stomach lurched and she started
        vomiting.

        She vomited twice and dry heaved for a few minutes, then
        sagged weakly against the toilet.  Jack pulled her to her
        feet and made her wash her mouth out, then gave her some
        mouthwash and a tootbrush and toothpaste to finish up.
        While she did that, he prepared a warm, soap and water
        enema.

        Taking her back into the bedroom, he made her lie face down.
        The hole in the panties was wide--he could see pink asscheek
        peeking through.  Greasing up the tube, he fingered her a
        bit until he found her tiny asshole, then slid the tube in.
        Faith gasped a little at the discomfort as the tube slid up
        into her bowels and the warm, soapy water filled her.

        It didn't take long before her abdomen bulged and she was
        moaning in pain.  "It hurts!", she wailed after a bit.
        "Stop!"

        Jack slapped her head.  "Shut up, Cunt!  It's you or your
        sister, got that?"

        Faith immediately quieted down.

                                    ***

        He left the enema in for the better part of half an hour,
        then took her into the bathroom and let her go.  She sobbed
        with relief as her bowels emptied, only to cry harder when
        he dragged her back to the bedroom and applied an ice cold
        water enema to finish cleaning her out.

        While she lay moaning, he drew a warm bath for her and piled
        her clothes up.  It was getting late now; just after six.
        He didn't think she'd be on the news yet, but he wanted to
        see later.  Just in case.

        After her second cleansing, he had her remove the tampon and
        take a bath.  He was pleased to see she hadn't bled much.

        He left a blowdryer for her to use on her hair, then went
        out to watch the news.  As he'd thought, nothing, unless
        he'd missed it.

        He watched the world news and then a stupid comedy after
        that, and Faith still wasn't out of the bathroom.  He heard
        the hairdryer going so he decided she must be drying he
        hair.  Maybe he'd pay her a little visit.

        He didn't bother to knock on the bathroom door.  He just
        shoved it open.  Only Faith wasn't there.

        He felt a momentary thrill of panic, then realized she
        couldn't have gotten out; the back door was deadbolted, and
        she'd have to get past him to get to the front.  Which
        meant...

        Dashing into the bedroom, he found her frantically trying to
        dial the phone.  The minute she saw him she screamed and
        dropped the phone, backing into a corner.  He grabbed her by
        the throat and slammed her hard against the wall, then flung
        her onto the bed.

        "Fucking cunt!  I told you to cooperate!"  Grabbing her by
        the shoulders, he shook her hard.  "I should fucking kill
        you!"

        Faith screamed hysterically.  She didn't try to fight him,
        he noticed, a sure sign she was terrified.  Pulling her to
        her feet, he yanked her hands behind her back and tied them
        again.  "Please don't kill me!", she wailed.

        "Shut up!  SHUT THE FUCK UP!", he screamed at her, grabbing
        her around the waist and slapping her ass again, three quick
        slaps.  Shoving her back into the chair, he tied her ankles
        next.  It was time to teach her a lesson.

        Stepping back, he unzipped his pants.  Whipping out this
        thick, 10" cock, he showed it to the terrified little girl.
        "Open wide, Faith!  And you even think about biting this,
        you're dead and so is your sister!"

        Lower lip trembling, Faith opened her mouth as wide as it
        could go.  Grabbing the sides of her face, Jack slammed his
        cock into her mouth, shoving it so far it went into her
        throat.  Faith gagged fiercely and struggled so hard she
        nearly tipped the chair over.

        Jack held her head until she managed to keep his cock
        without choking.  He pulled back and plunged in again and
        again, the girl's hot, wet mouth and whimpers driving him
        toward a fast, massive orgasm.

        His head was spinning by the time he came, the ecstasy was
        so great.  He rammed his cock back into Faith's throat and
        held her head pressed into his abdomen, making the little
        girl take his whole load down her throat, then suck him
        clean before he withdrew.

        Faith began choking and sobbing as soon as he pulled out.
        "I hate you!", she screamed at him.  "I hate you, I hate
        you!"

        Jack slapped her lightly across the face.  Just hard enough
        to sting.  "Watch your mouth, Faith!  You love what I just
        did!  You want more!"

        "NO!", Faith screamed.  "Leave me alone!"

        Her terror was too much for Jack.  He felt positively giddy
        with what he'd done to her and with what he yet planned to
        do.  Grabbing a thick handful of her hair, he jerked the
        little girl's head back so she had to look up at him.

        He sealed his mouth over hers, thrusting his tongue in.
        Faith gagged and made no effort to kiss him back.  In time,
        she would.  The worst of her humiliation wasn't over.  After
        he'd raped her to his satisfaction, he'd make her give
        herself to him.  He doubted she would enjoy it, and if he
        even thought she did, he had ways of punishing her.

        Reaching down inside of her blouse, he tweaked her nipples.
        Her little body jerked each time in response.  Drawing his
        hand back out, he began to stroke his thick cock.  He was
        ready to come again.

        He pulled away from the girl's mouth and held her head still
        while he jerked off in front of her.  Faith tried to squirm
        away, and he gave her hair a jerk, making her sit still.

        "Here it comes, cunt!", he screamed, spewing his thick load
        all over her pretty face.  He wiped it off and made her lick
        it off of his fingers, enjoying every second of watching her
        do it.  Never did he think it could be this great!

        "Tastes good, huh?", he laughed.  "Want more?"

        "NO!  Leave me alone, please!", Faith begged.

        "No way, cunt.  You're all mine."

        "I want to go home", Faith pleaded.  "I WANT MY MOMMY!"

        "Tough shit, cunt."  Jack yanked the gag between her teeth
        again and tied it.  He wasn't done yet.  He went into the
        kitchen and searched the drawers until he came up with two
        snap-on clothespins.  Returning to Faith, he opened the
        little girl's blouse and pushed up her training bra.  Her
        little boobs barely stood out.  Her nipples were tiny and
        pink, not even erect.

        Jack lowered his head and sucked on one, then the other.
        They were obviously very sensitive; a flick of his tongue
        brougth them erect.  Just for some more fun, he pinched
        them, making Faith squirm and whimper with pain.

        "See these?", he asked, holding up the clothespins.  "All
        for you, Faith.  Watch."

        He spread the clothespins and pushed them against each
        nipple.  The girl's eyes grew wide and she shook her head
        violently.  She definitely didn't want that!

        Laughing, Jack let the clothespins snap shut.  Faith
        screamed so loudly, the gag was barely enough to muffle it.
        The little girl began to squirm violently, trying to shake
        them free, which she couldn't, of course.

        Jack found himself getting hard all over again.  He briefly
        considered taking out her gag and face fucking her once
        more, then discarded it.  Nor would he touch her pussy--yet.
         He'd save that for later.

        He lifted the girl out of the chair and threw her on the bed
        face up.  Vicioulsy, he pulled the clothespins off of her
        swollen nipples and started to jerk off.  Faith shut her
        eyes tight.

        This time he came on her tits, gobs and gobs of cum he'd
        never thought possible.  Laughing, he rubbed it into her
        skin, ignoring her moans of agony as he rubbed her extremely
        sore nipples.

        "Yeah, that's terrific", he chuckled.  "Real good."

        When the last of his sticky cum had been rubbed it, he
        pulled her bra down and buttoned her blouse, then flipped
        her over, with her legs hanging off the bed.  He pulled off
        his belt and smacked the girl's ass with it, the loud CRACK
        of the leather against her tender behind, protected only by
        her panties and skirt, had him hard again in no time.

        One more thing to do, he decided, before he got some rest.
        Giving the girl's ass one more hard swat, her pushed her
        skirt up and drew her panties down, revealing the tighest,
        cutest little rosebud asshole he'd ever seen.

        "Just wait here", he teased.  "I'll be right back."

                                    xxx
        Jack deliberately took a long time in the bathroom, getting
        the KY jelly.  While he was there, he filled a syringe with
        a small amount of sedative.  For later.

        Back in the bedroom, he surveyed his young victim.  She
        looked so tender and helpless, hands bound behind her, skirt
        pushed up and panties down, ankles tied.  Her little body
        was wracked with sobs.

        He knelt down, running his hands over her bare thighs as he
        tongued her tender ass.  She shivered, whether from pleasure
        or disgust he didn't know.  He was enjoying himself too
        much.

        He slipped the neck of the jelly tube into her tiny
        sphincter and squeezed, filling her insides with the gooey
        stuff.  Faith squirmed as it entered her, her sobs softening
        but sounding no less frightened.  When the tube was empty,
        Jack stood up, spread her tiny asscheeks, and put the head
        of his cock at her opening.

        Faith tensed.  "Yeah, do that.  I want it to hurt a lot!",
        he laughed, pushing his cock in.  Despite her tightness, the
        jelly eased the way.  As his cock entered the little girl's
        hot inner rectum, Faith gasped.

        He pushed himself all the way in, then pulled out and shoved
        back in again, as hard as he could.  Faith screamed and
        buried her face in the bed covers as Jack pounded her tight,
        once virgin ass fiercely.  Jack knew she secretly loved every
        minute of this and pounded her harder, never quite letting
        his dick slip out of her super-tight, lubed asshole.

        When he finally came, he did so way up inside of her,
        dumping thick, hot load after load deep inside of her
        bowels.  Slipping his hand around her slim hip, he lightly
        fingered her flat, as yet unseen, virgin pussy.  When the
        little girl responded by collapsing in a limp heap, sobbing,
        Jack knew she was spent for the night.  Jack pulled out and
        smiled admiringly at his softening, yet clean, cock.

        Much as he hated to admit it, he was bushed.  It had been a
        long day and tomorrow would be even longer.  Not only him,
        but for Faith as well.

        He rolled the little girl over onto her back and gently
        inserted the needle into her arm.  Faith's eyes slid closed
        quickly, the sedative and exhaustion taking over.  Jack
        untied her and removed the gag, then her shoes and skirt.
        He left her nothing but her panties.  Tomorrow night, not
        even that.

        Slipping the girl under the blankets, Jack laid down next to
        her.  Let her sleep now.  She'd need it for tomorrow night.

                                   DAY 2

        Early the next morning Jack awakened Faith and made her
        dress.  She was considerably more submissive than she had
        been yesterday, but no less frightened.

        After she dressed, Jack tied her hands again.  "You hungry,
        Faith?  You want some fucking breakfast?"

        Faith nodded.  Tears crept down her face.

        "Here, have some!", he shouted, ramming his cock into her
        mouth.  He facefucked the girl for a good ten minutes,
        making her swallow his load--her "breakfast".  The girl
        choked and gagged the whole time and afterward, knelt
        sobbing in front of him while he gagged her.

        Unfortunately, Jack had to work today.  But he'd planned for
        that, too.  Pulling the girl to her feet, he led her over to
        the closet, which was empty.  Inside he'd built a low wooden
        bench which he sat her on.  He tied her ankles together and
        grinned at her.

        "This'll keep you", he told her.  "Now, you gotta go to the
        bathroom or anything?"

        Faith shook her head.  "Good.  'Cause you'll be in here all
        day, got that?  This'll keep you."  He went into the kitchen
        and returned with a sports bottle filled with cold water,
        which he sat next to her.  There was enough room for her to
        bed down and sip from it, despite her gag.  "You get
        thirsty, there's water for you.  I'll see you in, oh, eight
        or ten hours."  Laughing, he shut the door on her and headed
        to the bathroom to get ready for work.

        He stopped once more before he left to make sure she didn't
        need the bathroom, then headed off to work.  Time seemed to
        crawl by.  Once or twice he was gripped by the paranoid
        feeling that she might have gotten away, or worse, that
        someone had seen him take her.

        The noon news had a story on her disappearance, tucked
        neatly at the end right after the sports--typical, Jack
        noted.  Missing kids rarely ever attracted much attention.

        Jack practically ran to his car when his shift was over.
        His balls ached and his cock was throbbing for Faith's tight
        snatch.  No more waiting.  He was going to rape the little
        girl for everything he was worth, all night long...

                                    xxx

        Faith cowered when he opened the closet door.  Jack had
        dropped his pants, his rock hard meat sticking out, pointing
        at her like an accusing finger.  "Suck me, whore!", he
        demaned, removing her gag.  "Suck me and I'll let you go
        now!"

        Faith leaned hesistantly forward, her eyes on him as she
        took his cock in her mouth.  Tears streamed down her face,
        tears of humiliation.  She slid a little in and started to
        suck, but it wasn't enough to please Jack.

        Grabbing her head in both hands, he raped her mouth, jamming
        all 10" of his thick cock down her throat and forcing her to
        suck him that way.  Faith choked and gagged, her small body
        heaving as she fought to control herself, and finally, suck
        him off.

        When she had finished and the last of his cum was safely
        down her throat, Jack gagged her once more and removed his
        pants.  "Party time, babe", he chuckled.

        He flung the sobbing child onto the bed and reached under
        her, unzipping her skirt.  He drew it off slowly, watching
        her white panties as they peeked out at him, then were
        wholly exposed, the only thing left covering her tender
        virgin mound.

        "This won't hurt at all, Faith", he told her, his voice
        seductively cruel and kind at the same time.  He rubbed
        his hand over her tender mound, feeling it through the
        fabric of the panties, as Faith squirmed and squeaked and
        whimpered.  Then, ever so slowly, he pulled them off.

        Her pussy was perfect--flat and hairless, with just the
        slightest trace of pink on the outer lips.  Hungrily Jack
        lowered his mouth and began to lick her there, her squeaks
        and whimpering turning to soft moans of unexpected pleasure
        as he tenderly probed her delicate mound.

        He only suckled her for a few minutes, long enough to make
        her wet.  He didn't want to her to have an orgasm.  He
        didn't even want her to KNOW what an orgasm was.  He just
        wanted to make the going easier--for him.

        He slid up over her, guiding his cock with one hand to the
        opening of her tiny hole.  Faith stopped moaning and looked
        at him, as if for the first time realizing that the terror
        was far from over.

        Faith's eyes widened as he pushed in, just a moments
        hesitation before she screamed agonizingly through her gag.
        Jack pushed with all he had until he was buried to the hilt
        inside of her tight virgin cunt.  Her screams were too much
        for him to bear; they excited him to no end.  Grinning like
        a madman, he pulled out and slammed back in, enjoying her
        pain.

        He'd never imagined it could be so good--it was one thing to
        fuck a catatonic girl, quite another to fuck one who could
        feel it and react.  Faith's cunt clamped around his cock
        like a vaccuum, urging him to come in her.

        He stared at her eyes as he pushed himself back into her.
        They were huge now, full of pain and terror, not a trace of
        any other emotion in them.  Every inch of her body was
        tense, her legs stuck straight out and rigid.  He felt his
        cock slide up inside of her and withdraw again, maintaining
        a rhythm that brought pleasure to him and pain to her.

        "I like hurting you Faith!", he howled, "your pussy is
        sooooo tight!  I bet Becky's is real tight, huh?"

        Faith squeezed her eyes closed and screamed louder than
        ever.  It might have been NO, it might have been a cry of
        agony.  Jack didn't know, nor did he have any reason to
        care.  Ass quivering with the sudden force of his orgasmic
        pleasure, he shot his hot load deep into her.

        Jack collapsed on top of the little girl, panting and
        grinning and feeling almost totally satiated.  He'd raped
        her, fucked her hot, tight cunt for what it was worth, but
        it wasn't over just yet.  No, he had more humiliation in
        store yet.

        He pulled out of the little girl, slowly, feeling the way
        her tensed fuck muscles squeezed the last hot jism from his
        cock.  Faith immediately rolled onto her side and drew her
        legs up in a fetal position, a feeble attempt to protect or
        even comfort herself, in Jack's eyes.

        "I'M NOT DONE YET, FAITH!", he screamed, forced her face
        down and working her ass up in the air, spreading her legs.
        Grabbing her slender, shaking hips, he slid into her from
        behind.

        Faith emitted a surprised gasp, then resumed sobbing as he
        slid into her violated cunt again.  Jack pounded her a few
        times, then got another idea.  Picking up the rope he'd used
        on her ankles, he pulled it around her neck and held it in
        one hand like a rein.  Faith started choking as he pulled it
        tight while sliding in, holding it there until the girl
        sounded almost ready to pass out, then releasing it when he
        pulled out of her.  He did this again and again, bringing
        her to the brink of unconsciousness, then releasing her when
        he pulled out.

        "YEEHA!  RIDE'M COWBOY!", he bellowed as he came again,
        pulling the rope as tight as he dared.  Once more he brought
        her into the breach, then let go.  The last time she
        collapsed onto the bed, gasping and sobbing and trembling
        uncontrollably.

        "Yeah, baby, that was great", Jack breathed.  He left the
        girl lay there while he went to shower.  "I'll be back,
        cunt!", he swore.

                                    xxx

        When he returned half an hour later, Faith still lay face
        down on the bed, quiet, but her body quivering almost
        uncontrollably.  Jack rolled her over, grinning maniacally.

        The girl stared back at him with a look of absolute terror.
        She'd bitten down so hard on the gag, it was almost severed
        in two.  Still grinning, Jack raped her again.  This time,
        she didn't last.  She just passed out.

        Ten minutes after he finished, Jack lay next to the girl.
        Much as he wanted to, he could take this no further.  She'd
        hit the brink; next thing, she'd start accepting it.  Maybe
        even like it.  And he didn't want that.

        Pausing only to dress, he lifted the girl's limp form in his
        arms and carried her out to the car.  Faith's little ordeal
        had come to an end, but his fun had just begun...


                                  EPILOGUE

        Jack came to work a week later feeling exuberant, full of
        life.  He wasn't the least concerned that anyone would find
        out what he'd done.  Nor that they would catch him if he
        chose to do it again.  Nothing had happened during the time
        he'd taken to rest up, and he didn't think anything would
        happen now.

        He waved good morning to the a couple of nurses and a fellow
        orderly standing at the coffee machine as he passed by,
        stopping long enough to pick up his room keys at the nurses
        station.

        While he was there, Dr. Humboldt, the chief psychiatrist,
        walked up to him.  "Good to see you back, Jack."  He
        grinned.  "I made a rhyme."

        Jack nodded, silently wondering if Dr. Humboldt wasn't
        really a patient who'd escaped at some point and nobody
        noticed.

        "We have a new patient in your wing.  She was just brought
        in two days ago.  Total catatonic."

        Dr. Humbolt put a hand on Jack's shoulder and led him down
        the hall to a room that, last week, had been unoccupied.
        Through the little glass window, Jack could see a young girl
        with long, brown hair sitting with her back to the door,
        staring out the mesh-and-glass window.

        "She's a rape victim, that much we know.  She wasn't badly
        marked up but she must have gone through hell.  She won't
        talk, she hardly eats.  She doesn't even seem to recognize
        her own family.  She's like little Kara Michaels."

        Jack nodded.  He was already getting hard.  Another
        catatonic to play with!  How much better could this get?

        "Well, I'll leave you to, um, get acquainted", Dr. Humboldt
        said with a smile, then walked off.

        Jack unlocked the door and stepped inside.  The girl didn't
        react at all to the squeak of his shoes on the floor, or the
        sound of the door shutting behind him.  He walked around to
        the other side of the bed and looked at her face.  A slow,
        sick smile crept across his lips as a hint of recognition
        filled the girl's brown eyes.

        "Hello, Faith."
