

Subject: Marsha (f/f/f  pedo)

 I had been asked to baby sit my best friends 10 year old daughter, while
she and her husband went on a 3 week vacation to Europe.  I said, "sure,
why not?" and took Marsha and her clothes to my house.  The first night we
popped corn and watched movies till she fell asleep on the floor.  I
covered her with a blanket and let her sleep. The phone rang and I answered
it.  It was my friends calling to let us know they arrived in London
safely.  I told them Marsha was sleeping and they said to tell her hello
for them and to give her their love. I said ok, and hung up.

Soft little snores were coming from the sleeping girl, and I thought what
the hell, I can watch my favorite porn video without sound, and relieve my
sexual tension, without waking her up.  I popped the video in and muted the
sound. I settled back on the couch, and opened my robe.  As I watched the
scenes on the tube, I carressed and tweaked my nipples, and slid my hand
down to my pussy and began to rub my clit, and dip my finger into it.  I
watched the screen for only a few minutes more, then closed my eyes to
begin my fantasy.

I was about halfway to my objective when I felt another hand on my pussy!!!
I opened my eyes to see 10 year old Marsha with her hand on my cunt.  I
groaned, and asked her, "what do you think you are doing?!?!?"  She smiled
a shy smile and said, "I am helping you cum, if you want me to."  "Helping
me cum?!?!?" I blurted out.  She giggled as only a 10 year old girl can and
said, "yes, I can make you cum.  I make mama cum all the time!"  I took her
hand from my pussy and sat up. I patted the couch beside me and she climbed
up and sat close.

"Now, tell me about what you and your mama do."  Again she giggled and
said, "ok, but you can't tell her I told you.  She would be mad.  She
doesn't want daddy to know about it. What is really fun though is I make my
daddy cum too.  He has been fucking me since last year, but he doesn't want
mama to know."  I sat there, silent.  I had no idea what to say to this
little girl.  She broke the silence by beginning her story.

"I was just real little when my mama first licked my pussy.  I was playing
with my toys when she called me into the bedroom. I went to see what she
wanted.  She lifted me up onto the bed, and told me we were going to play a
game.  Then she had me take off my panties, and she spread my legs and
started to lick me.  I was scared, but it felt real good too, so I let her
do it.  She did it alot after that, and finally one day, she spread her
legs and asked me to lick her.  I did.  She taught me to lick and suck, and
push my fist into her pussy and fuck her with it while I sucked her.  She
always cums for me now!"


This little girl was proud of the fact that she could make her mother cum!
I listened as she continued.  "It was not to long after that, when my daddy
came to me and told me he wanted to play a new game.  He pulled my panties
down, lay me back and began to lick me !!!  I was not supposed to tell him
mama did the same thing, so I didn't.  He licked me real good, made me feel
real good just like mama did.  Then he taught me to play with his cock.  I
would stroke it, kiss it and lick it, and suck on the end of it.  The first
time I made him cum, it scared me.  I thought I hurt him.  He laughed and
explained 'male orgasm' to me.  After that, I would make him cum with my
mouth and swallow it.  Then last year after I turned 9, he wanted to play a
new game.  He lay me down and licked me real good, made my pussy real wet.
Then he moved up between my legs and pushed his cock at my pussy.  It did
not want to go in, but he pushed harder and I felt it start to go in me.
He told me it might hurt a little, but to be a big girl and bear with it
for him.  He was right, it did hurt, alot.  I cried out as his cock broke
into me, and stretched my pussy wide.  He leaned down and smothered my cry
with a deep kiss.  He moved his cock in and out and then he groaned and I
felt his cock swell up and move in me, then felt the warm stuff I knew was
his cum.  He pulled out of me and asked me if I was mad.  I told him no,
but I did not like what we just did.  He laughed and hugged me and told me
I would learn to like it, to even want it.  Of course he was right."

I sat there not knowing what to say or do.  I realized that my pussy was
now dripping wet, and twitching in need. Her story had turned me on !!  I
started to get up and she put her little hand on my arm and said, "Shelly,
let me suck your pussy off for you!  I really want to.  I like licking and
sucking pussy!  Let me taste your cum?"  I groaned. She pushed her hand
under my robe and felt my hot wet cunt. I was lost.  I lay back, my feet on
the floor, legs spread wide. She lost no time diving into my pussy.  I felt
her hot little tongue as she slowly licked the length of my slit.  From my
clit to my asshole she licked, and kissed.  She even dug her tongue into my
asshole and licked as deep as she could, then closed her lips over it and
sucked.  I thought I would die in pleasure! "mmmmmmmmmmmm, yesssssss !! "
I groaned.  She took her lips from my ass and again licked my slit, in long
soft, slow licks with the flat of her tongue.  Now and then, she dipped it
into my cunt and lapped up my flowing juices.  My ass came off the couch
and I pushed my pussy into her hot little mouth. Then I felt something at
the entrance to my cunt.  I realized it was her little fist !!  She pushed
it into me until she could not push any deeper, then she began to fuck me
with it.  In, out, slowly, deeply.  I began to cum for her.  She sensed it,
and closed her lips on my clit.  She sucked it as she fucked her little
fist into me harder and faster.  I screamed and grabbed her head pulling
her face tight to my cunt as I flooded it with my hot juice.  I came and
came and came, and she never stopped sucking for one instant until I could
cum no more. Then she looked up at me, her face drowned in my hot cum and
smiled.  She pulled her fist from my pussy and licked her fingers...."mmmmm
so good"  she said.  I pulled her up into my lap and hugged her tight.

She begged me, "finger fuck me!!! "  I carried her into the bedroom and lay
her on the bed.  I took off her pajamas and spread her legs.  Her hairless
little pussy was beautiful.  I reached down and slid my finger into her
slit and stroked it. I kept a huge dildo in my drawer next to the bed, and
I took it out now.  I showed it to her and told her I was going to fuck her
with it.  Her pussy was already hot and very wet.  She giggled and said,
"oh yeah, fuck it in me !"  I spread her pussy open and put the dildo at
the entrance to her cunt. she began to wiggle and scoot down, trying to get
it inside of her. I stroked her clit as I pushed the dildo inward.  I
watched as it began to stretch and enter her.  She moaned. I pushed harder,
and she bore down, taking fully half of the 10 inch cock into her cunt
before it stopped.

I started a slow fucking motion, in, out, as I stroked her little clit.
She wiggled and moaned, begged "fuck it into me harder !!! Please, Shelly,
fuck me harder!!"  I pushed and watched it sink into her hot little cunt.
She bucked her hips up and down meeting the dildo as I thrust it into her.
She was moaning, squirming, and I knew she was going to cum.  I stroked her
clit, and flipped a switch on the dildo.  It sprang into life, vibrating
inside her tight little pussy.  "ARRRRRRRG AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " she cried out as she came.  I watched her little girl
juice as it flowed out around the dildo.  Her whole body was visibly shaken
as she came.  She lay there nearly exhausted, and I gently continued to
fuck her with the dildo still vibrating.  I took her clit in my fingers and
began to slide its' little hood up and down.  It grew hard in my fingers,
and she began to moan again.  I pushed the dildo into her and held it
there.  "Fuck it, Marsha, fuck it baby."  I told her.  She moved her ass
and met my pushing it into her. I kept stroking her clit, and fucking her,
watching her face as she once again came for me.   She was so tired and
worn out she fell asleep even before I could remove the dildo.  So I
thought what the hell?  and left it in her.  I crawled into bed beside her
and went to sleep.  Some time during the night she took it out and turned
it off.

2


Marsha liked to cum, have no doubt about that.  But what she liked to do
most of all was suck and lick pussy.  Who was I to deny her?  We spent most
of our time running around naked, and more often then not, she had her lips
attatched to my cunt.  In the evenings, it became customary for me to fuck
her.  I bought a large two headed strap on dildo for the occasion. She
fucked the one end into my pussy, and I strapped it on. Then she wrapped
her lips around the other end and began to lick and suck it.  She missed
her daddys cock, that was very obvious.  I pushed her back on the bed and
knelt between her legs.  The cock at her little hole, I thrust my hips
forward, and drove it into her deeply.  She reached up and squeezed my
tits, then took my nipple in her mouth and sucked.  I drove the cock into
her hard and fast, making her squeal on my tit.  I sank fully 6 inches of
big fat hard rubber cock into her cunt, and she loved it.  Her writhing and
sucking my tit made me so hot I could not hold out.  "Cum with me Marsh,
cum with me!" I moaned as I buried the cock in her pussy and pulled her ass
up to hold her on it.  I felt her cum start just as mine did, and we
writhed together in our juices.

I had never been into girls / women, but this little piece of fluff changed
my mind.  For the next three weeks we were never apart. We fucked and
sucked, and fucked again, always wanting more.  One of my favorite things
was to put her naked over my knee and give her a 'spanking' for being bad.
As my hand left light red prints on her ass, I would fuck the huge dildo
into her from behind.  I always came as I watched it enter her this way,
and slapped her cute little ass to make her move on it.  She always
drenched me with her cum too.

Then it came time for her parents to come home.  Marsha was happy / sad
about this.  She loved them and wanted to see them and have sex with them,
but she wanted me too.  I came up with an idea, but it would only work if
one of her parents came to take her home.  We crossed our fingers and
hoped.  We did not care which one, so long as it was only one.  Later that
day we got the call.  They were home and Dan, her father, would be coming
to get her.  He told her that her mama was laying down, tired from the
trip.  Marsha could barely contain her excitement.  "Ok, daddy, I will be
in the bedroom packing my things.  Shelly says to just come on up to the
bedroom when you get here." Then she hung up.  She turned to me  a big grin
on her face. She grabbed my hand and said "lets' go !! he's coming!!"

We went up to the bedroom, and  I sat on the edge of the bed, as she
kneeled on all fours, her face in my pussy.  We were supposed to wait until
we heard the car door slam, but she couldn't.  She began to lick my slit.
I groaned and slid closer to the edge of the bed, trying to get more of her
hot tongue in my slit.  Gawd, but this kid loved licking and sucking
pussy!!  We heard the car door slam and knew that in just a moment, her dad
was going to be confronted with his little girl sucking a womans cunt.  She
giggled into my pussy as she heard him coming up the stairs.  I watched the
door.

When he got to the door, he stopped dead in his tracks.  In shock at first,
he then yelled, "what the fuck is going on here? How dare you make my
little girl suck your cunt!!"  He started to move towards us and I held up
my hand.  "She is the one that wishes to suck my pussy.  Why shouldn't she?
She sucks your cock does she not?"  I asked him.  He stopped and turned
white as a sheet.  "Oh yes, Marsha has told me all about how she sucks you
off and you fucking her."  She pulled away from my pussy and looked at him,
smiling, her face covered with my juice.  "I did tell her daddy, and I did
ask if I could suck her, I like sucking pussy."  Dan stumbled to a chair in
the corner and put his face in his hands.  Marsha went to him, and kissed
him, her lips still wet with my pussy juice. He moaned and pulled her into
his arms and hugged her tight.

"I am not going to tell anyone Dan.  We just wanted you to know that she
likes sucking me, and doesn't want to have to stop when she goes home.  Oh
and by the way, she is one hell of a pussy eater.  Carla taught her well."
His head jerked up and he looked at me, then Marsha.  She smiled and said,
"yep, mama has me suck her all the time.  You did not want me to tell her
you did it, and she did not want me to tell you that she did it."   I
watched as Marsha then reached down and unzipped her daddys pants.  He
remained motionless in shock as she pulled his already hard cock out.  She
stroked it lovingly and then she asked him, "daddy, will you fuck me doggie
style while I suck Shelly's pussy?"  He groaned and then lifted his naked
little daughter in his arms and set her on her hands and knees before me.
She dove into my pussy with new gusto, making loud slurping noises.  I
watched as Dan stroked his cock, and put it at his daughters little cunt.
She was already hot and wet, and when he thrust his cock impaled her.  She
squealed into my pussy as he began to fuck her. He leaned over her and
watched as she licked and kissed, and sucked my pussy.  I heard him moan
and tell her, "oh yeah, lick it for her honey, lick up her hot juice!"  He
fucked her harder still as she doubled her effort on my cunt.  He took her
little hips in his hands and drove into her deeply.  She bucked and
wiggled her ass, milking his cock.  I put my hands in her hair and held her
mouth to my pussy as I came.  I flooded her hot little mouth just as her
daddy filled her belly with his hot cum.  She wiggled on his cock until she
too had cum.  When we had all cum we sat together and Dan began to talk.

He loved Marsha, loved fucking his little girl.  He was going to give her
bad news when he picked her up today.  He was being transfered to England,
and they were to move there.  The sad part was that Carla did not think
Marsha should move with them.  She should stay in the states and go to the
private school she now attended.  Anyone could have seen that Marsha was
crushed!  Dan continued, "you will have to live at the school Marsha.  I am
sorry."  She began to cry, big silent tears.  Dan hugged his little girl
tight. "Dan?"  I said.  "Why can't Marsha live with me while she goes to
school?  That way she won't be alone, and she will be safe.  You will be
able to see her when ever you want to, and the two of you can do as you
wish when you are here, with no fear."  Marshas face lit up a small bit,
and she pleaded, "please daddy?  please can I stay with Shelly if I can't
come with you?"  He smiled and said, "that is a wonderful idea, and yes you
may!"  Even though she still cried, she hugged him tight and thanked him.
Then the two of them dressed and went to tell Carla the news.

3

If Dan ever told Carla he knew about the sex she had with Marsha I do not
know.  Marsha and I saw them off at the airport 2 weeks later.  She waved
good-bye until the plane was out of sight.  Then she took a note her daddy
had written her out of her pocket.  He asked her not to read it until he
was gone.  We got to the car and she opened it. This is what it said:

My dearest little love,

I am sorry you can not come with us right now.  But it is best if you
finish your schooling where you are among your friends.  I and your mother
will miss you terribly.  I want you to be a good girl and mind Shelly, and
now and then when she fucks you, think of me.....love, dad.

She got tears in her eyes and put the note back in her pocket. To cheer her
up, we stopped and got a big ice cream cone.  By the time she finished it,
she was smiling again.  She took my hand and said, "lets' go home Shelly."
I hugged her and we got into the car.  I drove with one hand and slid the
other one under her little ass.  My finger found her pussy, and slid in.
She giggled as my finger fucked into her.  I glanced at her and asked,
"want me to fuck you when we get home?"  I felt her pussy juice flood my
hand as she said, "YES !!"  When we got home, she ran up the stairs
removing her clothes as she went.  She laughed and called out, "come on
slow poke!!"  I ran up the stairs after her. She was already on the bed,
her legs spread wide, waiting.  I laughed and told her, "ok eager beaver,
but I have a surprise for you."  I reached into the drawer and pulled out
two dildoes.  The huge vibrating one, and a much smaller vibrating one.
"What are your going to do with that little thing?"  She asked me.  I
grinned and stripped off my clothes, then joined her on the bed.  She
sighed as I began pushing the huge cock into her little pussy, pushing it
in as far as I could.  I moved it in and out, and watched as she moved her
hips to meet it.  Her juice flowed freely, and she begged me, "harder
Shelly, please, fuck it in me harder!" I was happy to do so, and was
rewarded with her moan of pleasure.  Then I slid the other smaller dildo up
to her virgin asshole.  I let it just touch there, as I continued to fuck
her pussy. She moved her ass, moaning "ooooooo".  I pushed it a little bit,
and the tip penetrated just the rim of her asshole.  Again, she wiggled and
moaned.  "Tell me you want me to fuck it into your asshole Marsh, tell me
to fuck your ass".

"Yes, yes please shove that cock in my ass, fuck me with it!!!" I moved so
that I was laying between her legs so that I could see her impaled on both
dildoes.  I pushed the little dildo into her tight hot ass.  She yelled as
it broke through her virgin spincheter.  I eased up and let her get used to
it a bit, then began to fuck it into her in time with the dildo in her
pussy.  I was amazed at her response.  Her ass came off the bed, she bucked
her hips and drove both dildoes deeper into her body, screaming all the
time, "YES YES THAT'S IT !!! FUCK MY PUSSY, FUCK MY ASS!!! "  I fucked her
with abandon and leaned down to her pussy. I caught her tiny, swollen, hard
clit between my lips and sucked on it.  Then I turned on both of the
dildoes.

That did it.  She writhed and bucked and screamed and literally flooded my
face, the dildoes, and the bed as she came and came and came.  Finally she
fell back totally spent.  I pulled the dildoes out of her, and moved up to
kiss her.  I asked her, "are you glad you are with me now?"  She threw her
arms around my neck and hugged me tight as she whispered, "yes, and I
always want to be with you!"  I lay beside her, my arm over her and we
slept.

4

I was very happy, and so was Marsha.  We had each other, and it seemed we
never got tired of sucking and fucking each other, nor did we ever get
enough of it.  Time passed and things did not change for us.  Her dad came
to visit her once, but she did not want to fuck him and he left quickly.
She told me she only wanted me to fuck her now.  I smiled, happy to oblige
her.  On her 12th birthday, her parents gave me guardianship of her.  I
packed us up and moved to where no one knew us, or would ever find us.  We
moved to a house in the backwoods of Tennessee.  It was there that we met
Cindy, just after we moved in.  Cindy was a girl of 9.  Marsha met Cindy at
school and brought her home to meet me.  I greeted her warmly and gave her
a soda.  We three sat on the porch and talked, until Cindy heard her dad
calling for her.  She jumped up and said, "I have to go now!!" and ran off.
I thought something must be wrong, the way she became all jumpy and upset
when her father called her, so I told Marsha to try and get it out of her.
She said she would the next day.

Marsha came running in from school all excited yelling, "I know why !!!  I
know why !!!"  I calmed her down and she told me. "I started talking to
Cindy today, and I kind of had an idea what was going on.  To make her talk
about it, I told her that my daddy used to fuck me all the time.  She
looked at me, her eyes open wide and said really?  I told her yes really.
Then she told me that her daddy fucks her too, but it never feels good to
her.  She doesn't like it.  She doesn't have a mama, so she has no one to
complain too."  I told Marsha to go wash for dinner and began a plan.  I
knew we would not stay here long now, but when we left, I wanted Cindy with
us.  That night I dug out my old polaroid, and bought some film for it.
After Marsha was asleep, I snuck down to Cindys house.  I peeked in the
windows until I found them.  Sure enough, there was Cindy, bound and
gagged, her dirty grubby father shoving his cock in her.  You couldn't call
it love making, or even fucking.  He was more animal then man as he abused
the small girl.  I started snapping pictures.

The next day when the girls were in school, I went to visit Cindys' dad.  I
showed him a few of the pictures, and told him I had given the rest to my
attorney for safe keepng.  He demanded to know what I wanted.  I told him,
" I want full custody of Cindy."  Though he hated to do it, and hated me
more, he agreed to give me custody.  Arrangements were made and the papers
signed that afternoon.  When Cindy got home, her daddy was out, and I was
waiting for her.  I took her small hand in mine and told her, "you are
coming to live with Marsha and I from now on."  She looked at me and asked,
"really?  no foolin?"  I smiled and said, "really, no foolin."  She yelled
"yippie!!!" and nearly dragged me out the door.  I packed the girls up and
we left town that night.

5

We found a nice house in another state. One where the neighbors did not
live to close.  The schools were good, and we made a home there.  After
Cindy was scrubbed and clean I took her to the doctor.  He gave her a clean
bill of health. Neither Marsha nor I made moves on Cindy, we let her be.
This did not stop us though we were more private then before.  One night, I
was wearing the strap on cock, slowly fucking Marsha, making her moan and
tell me "fuck, me, oh yeah!!  it feels so good!!! " when I noticed the door
to our room slightly open.  I saw cindy peeking in.  I lay down on Marsha,
and kept fucking her as I whispered, "we have company".  Knowing that Cindy
was watching made Marsha cum right then, and I followed seconds later,
grinding the cock into her pussy.  Making sure Cindy got a good look, I
withdrew the cock from Marshas pussy.  Marsha undid the strap and pulled
the dildo from my cunt, and licked it clean before she put it in the
drawer.  We kissed and lay down to sleep.  The door shut, and we were once
again alone.  Marsha asked me, "do you think she is ready?"  "Yes, I do." I
told her and we slept.

While the girls were in school the next day, I went to the big city to a
porn shop.  I bought another smaller strap on two-headed dildo, and another
small vibrator.  Marsha was to talk to Cindy and tell her that we always
did each other and that it was so good she had to have it.  And then offer
to let Cindy join us. That night, I sat on the edge of the bed, with Marsha
hungrilly licking and sucking my pussy.  I fucked it into her hot mouth and
moaned loudly, hoping to get Cindy to peek at us again.  Marsha had made
the offer and Cindy had not said either yes, or no. Maybe if she watched
and saw how good it was, she would choose to join in.  Marsha was
carressing my clit with her tongue when the door opened.  Cindy stood there
in her little night gown.  I smiled, and told her, "come on over Cindy, you
can watch if you want to." She hesitated a moment, then came to sit on the
bed.  Marsha looked up at her and smiled, my pussy juice running down her
chin.

I asked Cindy, "would you like Marsha to lick your pussy?  It feels real
good."  She nodded a tenative yes.  I pulled her nightie over her head and
tossed it away.  Marsha moved before her and spread her legs.  She smiled
and said, "I have wanted to suck on your pussy since we met!"  Then lowered
her mouth to the girls hairless little pussy and began licking it.  I
watched her lick, and suck, and tongue fuck the little girls pussy.  Cindy
moaned and put her hands in Marshas hair.  "OOOOH it feels so good!!!" she
cried and began to fuck Marshas hot tongue.  I carressed the little girls
hair, kissed her cheek and whispered, "that's it little one, fuck her
tongue.  Grind your pussy on it and give her your cum!" Cindy squealed as
Marsha captured her clit and sucked.  I felt the little girls body tremble
violently as she came.  Marsha licked her until she stopped shaking.  Cindy
let out a tired "WOW"  We looked at her in surprise.  Then I realized this
had been her first cum!!!  I told Marsha, "congratulations, you just got
your first ever virgin cum!!!"  She smiled happily and planted a wet sloppy
kiss on Cindys still sensitive pussy.  We snuggled Cindy between us and
slept soundly.

I was glad that Cindy joined us. This meant that Marsha and I could resume
our life as before.  She had a stronger then ever desire to have her lips
and tongue in my pussy, anytime, and anywhere in the house.  Marsha now
wanted to teach Cindy how to suck me off.  I did not argue!!

I sat in the arm chair, my legs spread over the arms.  My pussy ever hot
and wet, was fully open.  Cindy was between my legs, gazing at it.  Marsha
told her, "lean down, and lick it from here to here."  she said, pointing
to my clit, and then my asshole. Cindy did as directed.  I felt her
tenative virgin tongue in my pussy and I moaned.  I lay back to let Marsha
work her magic. I just listened and enjoyed.  "Now, Cindy, stick your
tongue up her asshole as far as you can and move it in and out."  I groaned
as the little girl obeyed.  After a few seconds, Marsha told her, "now,
lick it again like before".  Marsha gave her instructions and my cunt
flowed freely on the little girls tongue. I could hold out no longer when
her lips closed on my clit and she sucked.  I put my hands on either side
of her head and held her tight to my pussy and fucked her mouth, drenching
it with my hot cum.  When I released her, she was smiling and said, "I did
it!! I did it !!"  This made Marsha and I both laugh.

When we went to bed that night, I told Marsha, "I have a surprise for you."
I reached into the drawer and pulled out the small two headed strap on
dildo.  "This is for you, I would love to see you wear it and fuck little
Cindy."  Marsha squealed in delight and kissed me hard.  Cindy lay on the
bed wide eyed and a bit scared. Marsha said, "will you fuck my end into me
and help me tie it on?" She put one foot on the bed, spreading her legs
wide.  Cindy watched as I began to push the largest end of the dildo into
Marshas already wet cunt.  I fucked it in and out of her a few times, and
when it was all the way in, I tied it on. I poured some baby oil on the
other end of the cock and watched Marsha rub it around. Then she climbed
between Cindys legs.  I whispered to Cindy. "I promise, it won't hurt, and
you will like it alot."  I reached down and spread her pussy.  Marsha
pushed the dildo up against her little hole and began to thrust her hips
forward.  The dildo sank in smoothly, and completely (it was only 4 inches
long on this end)

Cindy moaned as Marsha began to fuck her.  Marsha was a bit awkward at
first, but she caught on quick.  Soon I was watching her fill the little
pussy in front of her expertly.  Cindys hips moved to meet each thrust, and
I could see her pussy was so wet, her clit hard and needy.  I reached down
and stroked that hard little nub.  Marsha groaned, and Cindy screamed in
delight at about the same time.  They came together, bucking and thrashing,
each of them reaching for more.  When they were done, Marsha withdrew the
dildo from Cindy and asked, "can I sleep with it on?"  I laughed and told
her she could do anything she wished with it.  As I lay with the girls on
either side of me, Cindy looked at me and asked, "will you fuck me
tomorrow? "  I grinned and told her yes.  "With the big cock?"  "Only if
you want me to " I answered.  She said, "I do."  I almost strapped it on
and fucked her right then I was so turned on.  Then Marsha and Cindy both
put their heads on my chest and each of them took a nipple in their mouths
and suckled until they fell asleep.  I was in heaven.

a.k.a.  Red Rose @-->>-->>--

From vermyllion@aol.com Sun Sep 17 06:31:15 1995 Newsgroups:
alt.sex.stories Subject: Marsha 2 f/f/f pedo) From: vermyllion@aol.com
(Vermyllion) Date: 17 Sep 1995 07:31:15 -0400


The next day passed slowly.  I could not wait for the girls to get home.
My pussy was hot and achey as I thought about fucking Cindy with my huge
strap on cock.  Just the thought of her tight little pussy stretched around
it made me want to cum.  Finally they were home.  We had dinner, did
dishes, and went to the bedroom.  Marsha and Cindy jumped in the bed and
threw their clothes off.  Then they got into the  ' 69 ' position and began
sucking each other.  I groaned in need.  What a sight!  Two girls, 9 and 12
sucking each other!  I sat on the bed beside them. The two of them stopped
and pulled me down onto the bed.

Cindy sucked my tits, as Marsha licked and sucked my pussy. After sevreal
minutes, they changed places.  Then Marsha reached over into the drawer and
pulled out the huge two headed dildo.  She handed it to Cindy.  She watched
as Cindy began to fuck it into me.  "Yeah, that's it Cin, push it in,
deeper!"  Marsha told her.  Cindy giggled and pushed until the cock was
buried in me.  Then Marsha tied it.  Cindy moved over and lay on her back.
Marsha knelt just above her head, and grabbed Cindys ankles, pulling her
little ass up, her legs wide.  I looked at the little hairless pussy just
touching the dildo and asked Cindy, "are you sure little one?"  She rubbed
her own clit and said, "fuck it into me, fuck me hard and deep, make me
cum!"  I thrust and the huge cock met her hole and stopped.  I thrust
again, and the tip entered her.  She wiggled and moved her ass.  Marsha
moaned as she watched.  I pushed again and watched as the cock began to
stretch Cindys little pussy.  "YESSSSSSS" she moaned.  I took her little
hips in my hands and pulled her up as I pushed forward.  In that one
stroke, I buried 5 inches of the 10 in her cunt.  She screamed and writhed
as I held her pussy on it.  I let her get used to it, then slowly began to
fuck her.

I came three times as I watched it enter her, making her squirm and writhe.
She moaned and then begged, "please Shelly, fuck me, FUCK ME!!"  I fucked
her harder and faster, ever trying to get more of the huge cock into her
little pussy.  I saw her reach up and spread Marshas pussy.  "Please, let
me suck you Marsha!" she cried.  Marsha straddled her face.  I watched her
lips close on Marshas clit.  She sucked it furiously as I stretched her
little pussy sinking another 1/2 inch of cock into her belly.  Suddenly she
screamed, "I'M CUMMING, I'M CUMMING!!! " into Marshas pussy.  I held her
pussy on the dildo and let her fuck herself on it. Marsha flooded Cindys
mouth with her cum, just as Cindy flooded the bed with hers.  I came so
hard, it nearly hurt, as the two girls moaned and thrashed upon the bed.

Like I said, we could never get enough of each other.  The three of us
watched porn flicks together and usually ended up laughing at them, for
what we did was far more pleasing.  But there were a few things the girls
wanted to try.  Marsha wanted both her and I to strap on our respective
cocks and fuck cindy in the ass and the pussy at the same time.  Cindy
giggled and thought that would be fun.  Cindy on the other hand wanted
something much different. She wanted to suck my piss out of me, and drink
it down while I fucked her mouth and flooded it with my cum, and Marsha
fucked her.  We flipped a coin to see who would be first to get what they
wanted.  Cindy won.

That night, Cindy brought me a good many things to drink.  When I told her
I had had enough, she giggled and said, "I really want you to give me lots
of piss to suck out."  I groaned and drank another cup of coffee.  Marsha
giggled.  I already had to piss, and minutes later the coffee left no room
to wait.  Cindy was in charge this night. When I confirmed that I was
ready, she had me stand, one foot on the couch, my legs open wide, my pussy
exposed.   She put a mirror against a chair, so that I could see her as she
sucked me. She had Marshas strap on cock ready and pushed it into her and
tied it on.  Then she got on her knees.  "Shove your cock in me Marsh!!
Fuck me deep and hard!!"  Marsha fell to her knees, grabbed Cindys hips and
drove the cock as deep and hard as she could into the girls pussy.  Cindy
begged, "please Shelly, please let me suck out your piss!!!"  I moaned and
lowered my pussy to her now open, waiting mouth.  I watched in the mirror
as my stream of hot piss began to flow into the little girls mouth.


She bucked her ass hard against Marshas pounding cock as she swallowed my
piss.  She drank every bit of it, and followed the stream up to my slit.
She covered my slit with her wide open mouth and sucked.  I thrust my pussy
into her mouth and fucked it hard as she sucked my piss.  Gawd!!!!! I had
never felt anything like it!!  I pulled her mouth up tighter against my
cunt and she sucked harder. I could hear Marsha moan and saw her fuck
Cindys little pussy even harder.  Cindy moaned into my pussy as she sucked
and sucked and sucked.  I could hold out no more.  I let go of my piss and
cum at the same time into her sucking mouth.  She drank it all, every bit
of it, then she and Marsha came together.  I collapsed onto the couch, and
saw both girls grinning at me.  Cindy said, "you tasted so good!!  I liked
it when your cum mixed with your piss!!!  I want more!!!"   Marsha giggled
and said, "yeah, it was one hot sight!!!  I got to see this again soon!
Made me cum so hard I got tears!!"  I leaned back and groaned then asked,
"what did I do to deserve this?"  Both girls jumped on the couch with me
and hugged me tight.  They answered together, "you love us, and we love
you."  With that, we all went to bed for some good sleep.

You'd think our pussies would be fucked out and sore wouldn't you? Not so.
No sir.  The more we sucked and fucked, the more it seemed we wanted it.
One night I was kind of tired, so I came up with something new.  I took the
huge two headed dildo and lay the girls on the bed, their legs crossed over
each other thighs, their hot little pussies almost touching.  Then I pushed
the dildo into both of them, and pulled them closer together.  It was a
sight to see these two hairless little cunts stuffed full of huge rubber
cock.  The began to move on them, trying hard to fuck each other and
themselves.  I watched as they grew more intent on getting off, and unable
to do so.  Finally, I had mercy.  I began to rub each girls little clit.
Gawd, how they writhed and moved for me, impaled upon that huge cock,
sharing it.  Then both of them began to tremble and they came together for
me.  I had them lay that way to sleep, just in case I woke up and wanted to
see them fuck again.  I woke up in the night, and found the two of them
still impaled upon the cock.  I smiled and leaned down.  I licked first
one, and then the other little clit.  The girls moaned and began to fuck
the dildo in their sleep.  I licked and sucked each girl gently until I was
convinced they each had had a wet dream.

We settled into a routine of sorts.  Every morning Cindy would wake me up
with her mouth on my pussy, sucking, moaning in need.  Once I was awake,
she would lay on her back, her little mouth open wide, waiting.  I would
straddle her face, and lower my pussy onto her open mouth.  She would begin
sucking.  I moaned and ground my pussy harder onto her face as she drank my
piss and sucked for more.  I bucked and fucked her hot little mouth and
gave her what she needed, my piss and cum mixed together.  In the
afternoon, it was Marsha.  She always wanted her mouth on my pussy.  As I
did the dishes, she would kneel at my feet and eagerly lick and kiss, and
suck my pussy. She was good!  She would suck me until I had cum on her
tongue at least three times, before she would release my clit. Every night,
Marsha and I took turns fucking Cindy, though more often then not, it was
Marsha who fucked her.  I loved fucking Marsha and did so often.  As the
girls got older, these things happened less and less as they found new
outside interests, and grew up.

The days, weeks, months and then years flew by.  Marsha was 18 when she
came to tell me that she loved me, but she was moving out, and that she
wanted me to let Cindy go with her. I loved them to much to hold them back,
and let them go.

The girls visited often, and we were like a family. One day they came over
and as I hugged them at the door, I saw behind them a girl.  She was about
10, with black hair, and green eyes.  A very cute little girl with a nice
smile.  They introduced her as Samantha.  I ushered the girls inside,
curious to know all about this small girl.  What she was to my girls.  We
had coffee, and Samantha had a coke, and watched tv, as we talked.  I
learned the story of Samantha.

Cindy being 15, still attended school.  The elementary school was close to
the Jr High and Cindy often saw Samantha on her way to school.  She struck
up a friendship with the girl and they began to talk.  One day Sam was in
tears.  Cindy probed until she found out why.  She was in tears because she
had been beaten, and raped by her stepdad.  Nothing new she said, he did it
often, but this time he hurt her more then usual.  Cindy was outraged,
having been through it herself.

Cindy took Sam home with her that afternoon, and they talked to Marsha.
Once Marsha saw the bruises on Sam, she decided to do what I had done to
Cindy's dad.  She set up a plan with Cindy and Sam to catch the abuse on
film.  It took them two days, but they got it.  Then Marsha went to talk to
Sam's parents, and did the same thing I had done.  Showed some of the pics,
and told them she would give them to the cops, unless they signed custody
papers for Sam to be raised by me, their 'mom'.  They had told Sam all
about me, and themselves.  What I had to chuckle over was that the papers
had been signed over a month ago, and only now was I aware of Sam.  I asked
why.  My girls giggled and Marsha said, "gee mom, we had to train her for
you!!! "

I raised my brow at them and they burst into laughter.  Marsha came to me
and undid my blouse, pulled my slacks and panties off. Cindy went to get
Sam.  When Sam saw my naked pussy she went to her knees and began to suck
me.  GOD, those two had trained her well !!!  She was every bit as good at
eating pussy as those two were.  She kissed, licked, sucked, and loved my
cunt. I say loved it, and she did.  The girls watched in silence, feeling
each others pussies.  I groaned and slid down in the chair, spread my legs
wider and let Sam have all she wanted.  I put my hands in her hair and
fucked her willing little mouth.  I came hard and strong, my cum covering
her lips and chin.   She looked up at me and smiled, my juice shining on
her face.

Then Marsha said, "the only thing we didn't do, was fuck her. Sam said she
wanted you to be the first of us to do that to her.  We had told her how
gentle and good you were at fucking and she wanted to wait for you."  Then
the girls went to their car and brought in Sams belongings, and the papers.
They kissed us good bye.  Cindy hugged me tight, and whispered with a
giggle. "she just LOVES piss !!! "  I slapped her on the butt and she got
into the car still laughing.

Sam and I talked that night, got to know each other a bit.  Then we went to
bed, her and I laying naked together in my big bed. We slept soundly.

In the morning, I fixed her breakfast, and sent her off to school.  I was
in a great mood, and took care of all my chores.  I did not have to work,
as I was what some call 'independently wealthy'. I went shopping and bought
Samantha some new clothes, and other things I thought she needed, or would
like.  I was anxious for her to come home.

When she came in, she hugged me, and said she had a nice day at school that
day.  I showed her the new clothes I had bought her, and she was delighted.
Her smile was beautiful to see.  She was eager to try them all on, and she
did, modeling them.  After that, we ate dinner and watched tv for awhile.
It was Samantha who brought up the subject of sex.  "Shelly?  How come we
aren't naked?  Marsha and Cindy said you liked to go naked, that the three
of you were always naked in the house."   She blushed.

"Well, I was not sure you would be comfortable just yet."  She giggled and
said, "Yes, I am comfortable.  I want to go naked with you.  I thought you
did not like the way I sucked you, so you were wearing clothes so I
couldn't do it!!!"   It was my turn to laugh.  Then she looked all serious
and said, "I really do like licking, and sucking pussy you know.  I would
rather do that then have a man put his cock in me !!! "

I was quiet for a minute, as I thought about what her reaction would be
when I fucked her, and I was going to fuck her.  I remembered Cindy's first
reaction, tenative, scared, but Marsha had been gentle, and Cindy had loved
it.  I hoped Samantha would too.   We went to bed and to sleep that night,
with the promise that as long as we were home alone, we would both be
naked.  She slept soundly, and I watched this lovely little girl for some
time before I fell asleep.

I awoke in the morning to a well remembered, and much missed feeling.
Samantha was kissing and licking my pussy.  She heard me moan, and moved to
lay beside me on the bed.  Her eyes met mine and she smiled, "Cindy told me
that you loved having your pussy sucked in the morning, and taught me how
to love sucking and drinking your piss out of you too.  She opened her
little mouth wide and stuck her tongue out.  I did not question.  I
straddled her face, and lowered my pussy to her mouth.  She latched onto
the spot over my clit and piss hole and began to suck.  I groaned.  I did
not realize I had missed this morning ritual created with Cindy's hot
earger mouth.

I gave Samantha what she wanted.  She sucked, and sucked and drank down my
golden stream of piss.  I was so hot, so ready, so in need of this, that I
came.  And I mean I came.  I flooded her hot sucking little girl mouth with
my piss and cum, and kept on feeding her my cunt.  I bucked my hips and
rubbed my pussy all over her hot little tongue, mouth, chin....I drenched
her face with my juice.  When my orgasms subsided, I went to get off of her
face.  Her hands grabbed at my ass and she said, "no, please, let me suck
it some more!!! "  I settled over her little mouth again and she sucked and
licked and kissed my pussy until my cum again flooded her mouth.  Then she
released my ass.

I moved to return the favor to her, and she stopped me.  I asked her "why?"
She said she did not like that, and to please not do it.  I didn't.  But I
had to find out why she didn't want it, and I would, sooner or later..

It was Saturday, so we planned to stay in all day.  She loved being naked.
She reveled in it.  More often than not, her mouth was attatched to either
my tits, or my pussy.  She loved to suck. And I mean suck.  She was a
perfect match for me.  My girls had taught her well.  She loved to suck, I
loved to be sucked. We spent the entire weekend this way, stopping only to
eat, and bathe.  It was a wonderful weekend.

She loved her school, loved making new friends.  She had her little friends
over after school, but she never spoke of us, or our way of life, and none
of her friends stayed til dinner time.  We spent our evenings alone.  She
had been with me about two weeks, when I decided it was time to fuck her.
I held her, carressed her, kissed her, and carried her to the bed.  I lay
beside her and told her, "Samantha, I am going to fuck your pussy tonight."
Her eyes grew wide, and she said, "NO please don't".  I held her tight and
told her, "it is ok, really it is.  It won't hurt you, and you will like
it, I promise."


She cried.  "When he fucked me it hurt !!!!  He bit my pussy, and he
slapped my pussy with a belt, and oh god it hurt !!! " So that was why she
never let me touch her pussy, she was scared to death it was going to hurt
like hell !!!  and no damn wonder, that lousey bastard of a stepdad had
been cruel and tortured her.  I let her cry as I held her, and softly told
her, "Sam, it is not supposed to be like that.  It is not supposed to hurt.
Your stepdad was mean and cruel.  Most people are not like that.  I promise
you, I won't hurt you, and if you say I am,  I will stop right then.  Will
you let me try?"  She stuttered."yyes".

I lay her back on the bed, and carressed her softly as I leaned down.  I
gently spread her legs, and gazed at her beautiful little pussy.  Gently, I
kissed it, then thrust my tongue into her slit. I licked  the full length
of it.  She tensed up, and I whispered "relax" .   My tongue danced upon
her little clit, then I slid it down and fucked it into her little hole.
"Mmmmmm, you taste so good!"  I said to her.  She began to move upon my
tongue, and soft little sighs escaped her lips.  I tasted her as she became
wet, and hot.

I reached into the drawer and took out the small two-headed strap on dildo.
She watched wide eyed as I fucked my end deep into my pussy and strapped it
on.  I knelt between her legs and positioned the cock at her hole.  I took
her hips in my hands, and gently began to work the cock into her pussy.
She tensed against it and I whispered, "relax Samantha, let me enter your
pussy."  I gently moved the cock around, gathering her wetness on it.  Then
began to push it into her.  She groaned, but did not complain.  I brought
my hand up and began to massage her little clit, and pushed still more of
the dildo into her.  I began to pump into her, slowly. Pulling out, and
then pushing in.  "OOOOh ! " she sighed.  I started fucking her a little
faster, and harder, still stroking her little clit.  I could see her juice
coating the cock.  Bolder I began to fuck her deeper, and harder still.
She reached up and took my tits in her hands and squeezed them, raised her
head and sucked on them.

By now I had the entire length of the small cock buried in her.  I let
myself go, and fucked her.  She moaned and said, "it feels so good!!" I
took her hips in my hands again, and pulled her up as I fucked her. She
went crazy, started bucking and wiggling her little ass, then she begged
me. "YES, PLEASE !!! Fuck me Shelly !!  FUCK MEEE!!! "

I groaned and thrust into her so deeply that our mounds ground together.
She screamed, and her body went into tremendous spasms as she got her first
cum on a hard cock.  When it subsided she collapsed limply against the bed.
I leaned down and kissed her tender lips gently and asked her. "Well ?"
She grinned and threw her arms around my neck and said, "When can you shove
that hard cock up me and fuck me again?"   I started to laugh, and then she
said, next time Shelly, will you fuck me with the big cock?"  I damn near
choked and told her, "my pleasure dear one."

One day Samantha asked me, "What would really please you Shelly? What do
you really like when it comes to sex?  What makes you cum so hard you can't
stand it?"   I looked at this little girl, and thought, what the hell, why
not tell her?  I answered, "well, the best cum I get is when you suck my
piss, and I cum at the same time. But you could make me cum even better
then, if you fucked my pussy with your fist as you sucked me."  She giggled
and said, "ok".

The next morning, she woke me as usual.  Her greedy little mouth sucking my
piss and cum filled cunt.  She lay on her back, her hot little mouth open.
I climbed aboard.  Instantly, her lips attatched themselves to my clit.
She sucked, then licked, then kissed and sucked it again.  Just as my
stream hit her hot tongue, she drove her fist deep and hard into my pussy.
"AHHHHHHH" I cried out. Damn it felt so good to have my cunt filled up and
fucked as my bladder began to empty.  I went crazy then, and rocked and
ground my pussy down on her fist and mouth.  She had trouble hanging on to
me with her lips.  I came, and came and came.  I nearly drowned her with my
piss and juice !!!  There was so much, I did not think it was ever going to
stop, but at last she sucked me dry.

"WOW !!! "  she said as I collapsed beside her on the bed.  She crawled
between my legs, and nestled her face near my pussy.  I asked her,
"again??"   She smiled and said, "I love you and your pussy.  If I lay this
way, I can lick and suck and kiss, and lick it whenever I want, or you want
me to !!!"  I laughed and then so relaxed fell into a light sleep.  I felt
her tongue find my slit, and she licked softly, gently....I moaned and came
again.

That night I licked and kissed her hairless little slit until she was near
to cumming.  Then I handed her the big two-headed strap on dildo, and had
her fuck one end into me.  She pushed it in slowly deeply, moving it around
and over my clit. She fucked it into me as deep as it could go, and I
strapped it on.  She pulled her knees up, and opened her legs as I climbed
between them.  Her little pussy was waiting, begging for the hard rubber
cock I was going to give her.  I ran the end of it up and down her slit,
tickled her ass with it.  Then I placed it at the entrance of her pussy and
began to push.  The cock was huge compared to her tiny hole, and as I
pushed, it began to stretch her.  She moaned, and I stopped, waited a
minute, then pushed again.  I watched as the cock slowly began to disappear
into her.  It took a few minutes, but finally about 1/2 of the 10 inch cock
was in her little pussy.  She was moaning and thrashing on it, fucking it
as I held still.  I wanted more of the cock buried in her.  I pushed again,
and another inch slid into her.  This time I moaned.  "Oh Shelly !!! "she
cried out.

I loved watching the hard cock spreading her wide, loved watching her
squirm on it, and wanted her to squirm alot more.  I kept working the cock
in and out of her tight little cunt, pushing harder each time. "Shelly !!!
"  she cried out.  I leaned down and kissed her as I shoved the cock into
her again.  She moaned against my lips. I held still a moment, to let her
get used to the cock.  I pulled her hips up, and thrust the cock into her
hard!  She screamed and writhed  with her pussy rammed full of hard cock.
My own pussy flooded down my thighs as she screamed, "FUCK  MEEeeeee  !!! "

Her hairless little pussy was sore for several days, and I did not fuck
her.  She however, always wanted her lips planted between my legs.  This
girl wanted to suck pussy more then my own precious Marsha had as a girl.
I don't know what came over me one day.  But Samantha was in the big
jucuzzi, relaxing when I came in. She looked so small and delicate in the
big tub.  She smiled up at me and watched as I took off my clothes.  I
stepped into the tub, putting one foot on either side of her.  She was
looking right into my pussy. She reached up and spread my lips wide.  When
her fingers touched me, I let go a hot stream of piss.  It splashed in her
face, down her chin and chest.  My cunt twitched and spasmed as I watched
my warm piss bathe her little face.  "OOOOOOOOOOO"  she moaned, and began
running her hands over her face and chest rubbing my piss all over her
body.  She opened her mouth to catch the last few drops on her tongue.  I
came then, and my juice ran freely down my thighs.  She got to her knees
and licked the juice off my thighs, and every remaining drop of piss from
my pussy.  From then on, I pissed in her face at least once a week.

Her 11th birthday came, and the girls and I gave her a party.  The girls
bought her a new bike, I bought her a color tv for her room.  Yet I think
what she liked best was us.  Her main gift took this form.  We lay her on
the dining room table, and the three of us took turns licking and sucking
her little pussy, making her cum often and hard.  Then I watched as Marsha
and Cindy each strapped on a cock.  I carried Sam to the bed, and Marsha
and Cindy joined her there.  Marsha lay on her back, and Cindy had Sam
straddle Marsh, and sit on the big hard cock.  When she was impaled on it,
Cindy spread her little ass cheeks and aimed her cock at Sams asshole.  She
pushed, hard. Samantha screamed as it entered her, hard and fast.  Marsha
hushed her, and then she and Cindy struck up a rhythym.  I watched as they
fucked her ass and cunt in perfect unison.  Samantha started to go wild.
She bucked her ass up and down, driving the cock in her cunt deeper, and
the cock in her ass harder.  "YES YES !!!  I LOVE MY PUSSY AND ASS FILLED
WITH HARD COCK !!!  FUCK ME !!! FUCK ME!!! " she screamed as she began to
cum for them.  The girls sandwhiched her between them and fucked her until
she could not stand anymore, and then they too came.  A little while later,
the girls dressed and kissed us good night, and went home.  I lay beside
Sam, kissed her and held her as we fell asleep.

As with Marsha and Cindy, time passed, and Samantha began to grow up.  We
made love less and less, because it was the tender youth of a girl that
sent me reeling in lust.  As they got older, I loved them no less, I just
desired them alot less.  Sam began dating boys which was fine by me.  I
wanted her to have a happy life. One day she came running to me one day,
all smiles, and happy.


"Shelly, guess what?!?!?! "  I smiled and asked her, "what?!?!?!" "I met a
guy!  A really nice guy!!"  I knew she would be leaving me.  I was happy
for her though, and told her so. She told me all about him, and how much
she wanted to be with him.  She was 17 now, and he was 21, with a good job.
She wanted to move in with him, if it was ok with me.  I smiled sadly and
told her it was ok with me.  She hugged me and went to pack, calling over
her shoulder, "I LOVE YOU SHELLY!"

When I met Marsha, I had been just 18, 20 when I met Cindy. When I met
Samantha, I was 26.  Now at 33, I was going to be alone again.  I had an
incureable taste for sweet tender pre-teen pussy.  And though it was what I
desired, what I loved, I knew I had been lucky finding my girls.  Very
lucky, and I did not expect to find another anytime soon, but I was wrong.


a.k.a.  Red Rose @-->>-->>--

From vermyllion@aol.com Sun Sep 17 06:36:13 1995 Newsgroups:
alt.sex.stories Subject: Marsha 3 (f/f/f pedo) From: vermyllion@aol.com
(Vermyllion) Date: 17 Sep 1995 07:36:13 -0400


It was Cindy that introduced me to Patty.  She came over one day, bringing
the little girl with her.  She hugged me, then introduced me to the little
one.  "Mom this is Patty, Patty this is my mom."  I smiled at the little
girl and then looked to Cindy, the unspoken questions, who is she and where
does she come from etc. in my eyes.  Cindy showed Patty to her old room and
all the toys that still resided within.  As she played Cindy and I talked.

"Mom" she began.  "I found her wandering in the streets one day awhile ago.
She had no place to go, no family, nothing.  I asked her where her parents
were and she said they just up and left her at a gas station one day.  They
never came back.  She said she was so scared that she ran and hid in the
alley.  She was living on the streets, running when she was scared, begging
food when she was hungry. She is 9 years old, and they left her!!! I took
her home with me one day.  I asked what her last name was and she won't
tell me.  I had Doc check her out and she is fine and healthy.  That was 2
months ago.  You know me as well as I know myself and you know I could not
sleep with this little girl in my bed and not make love to her.  Well that
is just what I did.  She likes it, really likes it.  I taught her so much.
She was eager to learn, starved for affection, any kind of affection.  I
told her about you, how you saved me from my daddy, and how you loved me
and taught me to love.  I told her you taught me all the things I did to
her, all the things I taught her to do.  She wanted to meet you.  So here
we are."

I looked at my lovely daughter and said that isn't all of it is it?"  She
shook her head and smiled.  "No, mom, it isn't.  I want you to keep her
with you."  I shook my head, "why on earth would you want me to keep her?
Don't you love her?"   Cindy looked stricken.  "Of course I love her!!  But
mom, I er,uh, well, I have a lover that does not like her being at the
apartment.  I don't want to lose my lover, but he will leave me if she
stays."  I laughed and said "well in that case ok, she can stay with me."
Cindy got up and hugged me and went to tell Patty the news.  She came back
and told me that Patty was asleep in the girls old bed.  We talked a bit
longer and Cindy was quite blunt when she told me that she had taught Patty
about sex. "She is as pleasing as I was !!!"  she said as she winked at me.
and she added, "quite anxious to meet you I might add!!!"  With that she
giggled and headed on home.

I went in to look at the sleeping girl.  She was very pretty.  I did not
understand how anyone could leave such a child, any child, alone and
forgotten.  She had blonde hair that hung to her little waist.  I had
noticed her eyes were sky blue when I met her.  She was small, and did not
look like she was 9 years old.  I closed the door and let her sleep.
Several hours passed and Patty came into the living room all sleepy eyed.
"Where is Cindy?"  she asked.  I patted a spot on the couch beside me and
she came and sat down.

"Cindy went home honey.  It's just you and me now."  She looked at me a
little afraid and I put my arm around her and hugged her.  We sat and
watched tv for awhile then I made dinner.  At dinner I asked her, "are you
afraid Patty?"  She started to shake her head no, then changed it to yes.
I smiled and told her, "you do not have to be afraid.  I am not a mean old
mom, and I would never hurt you, and I would never leave you.  Cindy told
you that I am not her real mom didn't she?"  Again she nodded yes.  "Well,
she was 9 just like you when she came to live with me, and now she is grown
up and she is happy, and still loves me like I was her mom.  I would like
to have you love me like that too."  Patty smiled and said, "ok".  I
laughed and hugged her.  "Shelly?"  she asked.  "Yes Patty?"  I replied.
She said, "Cindy and I well, we kinda did some stuff that she said you and
she did all the time when she was little like me.  I liked it, and she said
you and me would do it to.  Will we?"  I laughed and thought good girl
Cindy, always thinking of mom!!!  I smiled at Patty and told her, "only if
you want to."  She grinned and said, "I want to, I want to alot !  Cindy
said you used big rubber cocks like she did, can I see em?"   I led her to
the bedroom and showed her the collection of dildoes.  She smiled and said,
"I like them!"

That very night as we lay naked in my big bed, Patty wasted no time. She
slid down the bed until she could get between my legs.  I opened them wide
and gave her access to my pussy.  She lowered her little mouth to my pussy
and began kissing and licking it, now and then teasing my hard clit.  I
moaned and my pussy gushed hot juice. Then I felt something begin to enter
me.  I had not realized that she had taken the biggest vibrator and hidden
it in the sheets for this moment.

I looked down to see Patty's face all smile, as she pushed the big cock
into me.  I moaned  again and began to move my hips and help her bury the
cock in my cunt.  She fucked it in and out, deeper each time.  She leaned
down and caught my clit between her lips, sucked as she pushed the last of
the cock into me.  She turned it on.  I nearly came off the bed.  Her hot
little mouth doubled its'' effort on my clit, and she expertly fucked the
big hard rubber cock into me as it vibrated and sent rivers of pleasure
through me.  I could feel my juice bathe the vibrator, and felt her little
tongue swirl around my opening and the hard cock, licking up all my hot
juice.  I thrust onto the dildo and her hot little tongue, and gave her
what she had been sucking for.  I flooded her tongue, the dildo, and her
hands with my hot cum.  She removed the dildo from my pussy and licked me
dry.  When she could get no more cum from me, I watched as she brought the
dildo to her little mouth and licked it clean of my juice. I held her in my
arms and we slept.

The next day I called Cindy.  "Hi honey, I have a question.  What is the
biggest cock you fucked into Patty?"  She giggled and said, "only the small
5 or 6 inch one.  I always knew she was going to be with you, and I wanted
you to have first crack at really fucking her good!!"  I laughed and said,
"I love you Cindy, thanks hon."  She said, "have fun mom, and make her love
it !!!"

Oh I was going to make her love it, of that I was sure.  Patty and I had
dinner that night, after which I gave her a bath.  I washed all of her
body, taking special care to wash her hairless little pussy.  She giggled
as I soaped it up, and stroked her slit.  I leaned down and kissed her
gently on the lips.  She put her arms around my neck, and thrust her small
tongue into my mouth.  I was hot, and I sighed as I sucked her tongue.  I
wanted her, wanted to see her hairless little girl cunt filled with hard
fucking cock.  I stood up, and she did too.  I rinsed her body then wrapped
her in a towel and dried her off. I carried her to the bed, and lay her
down.  I pushed her legs open and leaned down to let my lips and tongue
trail warm wet kisses, over her nipples, her tummy, and down to her mound.
I nipped it playfully, making her wiggle for me.  Then I parted her pussy
lips and dipped my tongue into it.  She tasted so clean and fresh!!  I
licked her clit, then fucked my tongue into her little hole.  It was tight,
and I felt it squeeze my tongue as she responded. " Oh Shelly !!" she cried
out, as I sucked gently on her small clit.   Her breathing was fast, and
shallow, and her pussy was beginning to get wet.  I reached over and took
the largest dildo I had out of the drawer.

I showed it to her, and said, "I am going to fuck this big hard cock into
your little pussy."  She gasped slightly as I positioned it at her wet
little hole.  I began to push, and watched as just the very tip, spread her
cute little pussy hole.  I pushed harder and her pussy resisted the cock.
I stroked her clit, she moaned and I pushed the dildo harder, and moved it
around a bit, trying to open her.  Patty's little pussy was so small and
the cock so large,  I just had to see it fuck her!  I knew when I fucked it
into her, I would cum just from watching it make her scream in pleasure,
and maybe a bit of pain.

I used the fingers of one hand to spread her pussy lips open as wide as I
could, and with the other hand I pushed that big hard rubber cock.  She
began to wiggle, and moan.  Suddenly, she yelled "OHHHHHHHHH"  and I felt
the dildo stretch and break into her tight little cunt.  I looked and saw
that only about an inch was in her.  There was much more to go.  "Shelly
!!!  It hurts a little bit !" she cried.  I hushed her, stroked her little
clit, and waited for her to respond.  When she sighed and moved her ass I
pushed the dildo again, and another inch went into her.  God, my own pussy
was hot and wet as I watched it stretch her.  The sight was incredible! Her
pussy stretched  around that big cock, made my mouth water, and my pussy
juice.  I began to fuck it in and out of her, and on about every third
stroke, I pushed it into her deeper.  Soon I had 5 inches stuffed in her
little pussy. I wanted to see it in her as deep as it could go.  I pushed
harder, and another 2 inches penetrated her.  She screamed as it stretched
her even more, and filled her little pussy.  I leaned down and licked her
little clit, and she responded by moving on my tongue and the cock.  Patty
was now impaled on 7 inches of hard cock, she began to thrust her hips as I
fucked it in and out of her.  Suddenly, she screamed out, "YES OH YES
SHELLY, I LIKE IT I LIKE IT !!!  FUCK ME!!!"  I knew she was cumming, and I
gave the cock another push as I licked her clit.  Her little body
shuddered, she uttered a low moan, that climbed to almost a howl as she
came impaled on 8 inches of hard cock.

When her cum was over, I lay beside her on the bed, and left the dildo
stuffed in her pussy.  I caressed her, and kissed her, and told her to go
to sleep with the dildo in her pussy for me.  She smiled and closed her
eyes, and was asleep.

The next day was Saturday, and I woke Patty up by gently removing the dildo
from her pussy.  She moaned and sighed, and stretched. I kissed her good
morning and told her that she and I needed to talk that day.  I made
breakfast and as we ate I started talking to her. "Patty, do you like what
we do?"  I asked.  She looked at me in surprise and said, "yes, I really do
like it, alot.  I want it, I like to do it!"  I grinned and then asked her,
"what did Cindy teach you?" She giggled and said, "well, she taught me how
to lick and suck pussy, she taught me to like being fucked, and she taught
me to like fucking her."  "Did she teach you anything else at all?" I
asked, hoping I would hear the answer I wanted.

Patty giggled, and said, "yea, she taught me to suck piss out of her pussy.
She told me that you LOVED that, and I should know how to do it, and want
to do it.  Then one day Sam told me you might like to have me lay in the
tub so you could piss in my face.  She said that always made you cum, and
her too.  She always came when you pissed in her face, and she licked it
up.  Cindy told me I should wake you up by kissing your pussy, then you
would sit on my mouth and I could suck your piss for you, and make you cum.
Shelly, I want to make you cum !!! "  I grinned from ear to ear, leave it
to my girls to let this little girl know what pleasured me.

I couldn't help myself then, I pulled her into my lap and kissed her, then
gently pushed her down between my thighs.  I spread my robe and without a
word, she dove into my pussy like it was the most natural thing to do.  I
held her face in my hands and rubbed my clit all over her soft lips, and
warm wet tongue.  This morning I was easy, I pulled her mouth tight to my
pussy and told her, "suck it Patty, suck my clit !!"  She closed her lips
on it and sucked.  My cum flooded her chin, and ran down her neck.  When I
was finished, I pulled her into my lap again and kissed her, tasting my own
cum on her lips and face.  She smiled.


That night, I strapped on the huge two headed dildo, and pulled her into my
lap.  I lifted her and put the dildo at the entrance to her pussy, then let
her down slowly, watching as it impaled her.  She wiggled and moaned some,
but she took it.  I played with her clit as I watched the dildo slowly
disappear into her little pussy.  When it was deep within her, I held her
hips and began to move her on it.  She sighed, and began moving herself on
it.  I watched as her pussy soaked the cock with her juice, watched as
pleasure was written on her face.  I held her tight and thrust into her,
fucking her hard, fast, and deep. I could feel her breath against my
breasts, then her lips as they found my nipple and she sucked.  We came
together her and I and I held her tight in my arms, the cock still in her
small cunt.

Well it is 5 years later, Patty is 14 now, and though an avid pussy eater,
she is no longer the tender little preteen pussy I desired.  I love her,
yes, but desire her, no.  I hadn't for some time.  She knew it and
understood.  But then just the other day, I heard noises in her room.  I
knocked and she called "come in".  When I did, I was surprised to see her
naked, sitting on the edge of the bed, a small girl between her legs,
hungrilly sucking her pussy.  "Mom, this is Miranda, and she just loves to
eat pussy, and she also loves to suck piss too !!! "  The little girl
turned to look at me, Patty's juice running down her chin, she was smiling.
Patty said, "as long as you have us girls mom, you will always have young
pussy to suck your pussy, and to fuck!"  Miranda smiled even wider and she
giggled as she asked, "want me to suck you off?"  I was very happy to let
her.  I realized that she was only about 8 years old, and thought to
myself, "the older I get, the better it is!"  I lay back and let the girl
have her desire.

The End

Story by:  Red Rose  @-->-->-->-- a.k.a.  Red Rose @-->>-->>--

