Archive-name: School/lab-guy.txt
Archive-author: Sheena
Archive-title: Sheena's Lab Guy


Yesterday afternoon's lab class was pretty boring, but the lab
instructor was such a sweet piece of meat that it made the class
enjoyable.  Ever since the semester started I knew that I wanted
him...my pussy told me so.

He's six foot tall ( I love tall men ) and blonde hair, and great
blue eyes.  I was eager to find out if the hair next to his cock
was as blonde as his hair.  The thought of finding out excited me.
I decided that I would fuck him.  How could I resist this 24 year
old stud, who I knew couldn't resist me.  I made up my mind that I'd
fuck him last night.

After the lab I waited until everybody left....I screwed around putting
my things away very slowly.   He always stayed until every student left
because we're not allowed to be in the labs alone.  I went up to him and
asked him a few mundane questions which he answered.  Right in the middle
of one of his answers I told him point blank.  "I want to fuck you". 

You should have seen the look on his face.  He didn't know what to say.
I continued "Let's got to your office".  Surprisingly, he agreed.  It
was just upstairs and it was about 5:10 so all of the secretaries were
gone.

We stepped into his office and he shut the door behind him.  I pounced
on him and he responded quite eagerly.  He grabbed my ass and was rubbing
it quite frantically.   He pushed me onto his desk and then unbuttoned my
shirt and feasted on my breasts....fuck did his tongue ever feel good!
He chewed was chewing on my nipples and I could feel the dapness between
my legs increase.  I pushed him off me.

I went dowm on my knees and undid his belt and unzipped his fly.  Out
sprang my reward.....fuck was it huge.  Needless to say I grabbed that
toy and stuck it into my mouth and sucked on it like it was an all day
sucker.  I've had quite a few cocks in my day, but I gotta tell ya, this
one was one of the biggest.  He finally became more verbal and was telling
me how good my tongue and mouth felt.  I sucked harder and caressed his
balls.  I looked up at his face and I could tell he was in some serious
pleasure.

I stopped and ordered him to get undressed in front of me.  He was a bit
shy but he complied.  Nice body.  I asked him if he worked out and he said
all the time.  I could tell.  I knew he would make me cum.

I slid out of my dress and laid on his desk.  I spread my legs exposing
my love hole and told him to come and get it.

He fucked me so hard until I came and came until I thought I was
going to pass out.  His thick shaft stretched my pussy walls,
aching for his manhood.  Then I could feel his cock twitch and
his moans were getting louder and his rhythm increased then he
yelled in pleasure as he rammed me and spilled his precious cock
juice into my eager hole.  He was good.  He laid on top of me for awhile.
I pushed him off and quickly got dressed.  I told him if he wants more
sometime...let me know.  He nodded.

Next time I hope he talks a little more.  But as long as he is a good
lay....who needs to talk?

I'm planning to get an A on my chem lab.


Lustfully yours,

Sheena.   

P.S.  Yes, his pubes were blonde.  How exciting!

The end.

--
