                          Lust On The Lake
                          A modern fantasy

                 An adaptation of a different fantasy

                                 By

                              Brakalega

    When I was invited to lecture at a financial forum on Currency
Arbitrage Technologies during a conference at the University of
Chicago School of Business I thought it would be just another boring
convention.  But since I like Chicago a great deal, I agreed to
attend and hoped for an adventure of some sort to spice up the
proceedings. It turned out better than I ever anticipated. Read
on.......

    During the welcoming dinner, I spotted a slender brunette at an
adjacent table. She had an overall air of innocence about her but a
wholesome face, long soft hair, beautifully rounded hips, and was
pleasantly endowed in the chest as well, with breasts that supported
poked her silk blouse out in an interesting way. Following the meal,
I made sure that, I followed close behind her as the group was
dispersing for the evening. At the elevator we made some small talk
and went our separate ways for the night.

    The next morning while seated alone in the hotel lobby, perusing
the Wall St. Journal, ordering breakfast I saw her emerge from the
elevator and enter the hotel coffee shop. I followed her in and
joined her in the line and noticed that tables for singles were in
short supply. I stepped to her side and asked if she had a companion
for breakfast. She replied that she was alone, starving and that
anything that got her served sooner was OK with her. It turned out
that she was not only lovely, she was intelligent and witty, with a
direct and honest manner. We hit it off immediately. Our
conversation covered a lot of ground starting with technical trading
strategies and moving on to other mutual interests, including
aerobic exercise.  She was a serious fitness buff. I decided to
plunge ahead and asked her if she wanted to meet me at the hotel
fitness center for a swim later that day.

    She held my gaze just slightly longer than normal. Seeing that
my overture was a symbolic gesture she agreed to meet me that
afternoon.  I planned to arrive at the pool before she did, I wanted
to observe her entrance.

    When she appeared poolside, wearing a one piece, shiny, black,
speedo bathing suit, my mind and cock both hardened with resolve,
THIS was the adventure I had hoped for. We swam some laps and I
realized that her form was the kind gained through years of training
and hard work. I was lost in awe of her seal-like grace as she cut
through the water. After about an hour she realized that there was
still one meeting she had to attend. With a lithe kick and a push on
the poolside she bolted out and headed for her towel.  As she
departed my lingering gaze caressed her firmly rounded buttocks. I
was wondering how they would feel flexing above my face........

    Horniness began to preoccupy my mind and body, I had an
uncomfortable cramping in my groin that I remembered from teenage
years, when hours of heavy petting with dates had often left me with
a massive hardon that wouldn't recede and swollen aching nuts.

    I planned to invite her to dinner that evening when I remembered
that the University had planned a moonlight cruise on Lake Michigan
aboard the Odyssey, a luxury dinner boat.

    I was waiting when she left her symposium, she bumped into me
then turned and brushed her lovely breasts across my arm, raising an
eyebrow slightly. I had known that it was only a matter of time
before the attraction between us kindled some sparks, but the way it
happened was better than any fantasy.

    Our hosts had graciously chartered the entire ship for our
dinner cruise. The group enjoyed a gourmet dinner with several
wonderful wines, which we later followed up with brandies. On the
boat, a desert table was laid out following a Jamaican theme, along
with calypso music and the beautiful, summer sunset. The beat of the
music was hypnotic. In the dim light she looked absolutely smashing,
seeming to glow with an inner light, dressed to raise the dead in a
tailored summer weight wraparound dress of a diaphanous, slippery
material that clung to every outline of her body, especially her
breasts and nipples which had crinkled as the offshore breeze
chilled them.

    After a getting another brandy, I looked around for her, but
couldn't spot her. I wandered past the stairway to the upper deck
and saw her standing near the rail, silhouetted in the moonlight.
She turned, motioned to me, took my hand in hers and led me down a
very narrow walkway around a storage area, leading to a small open
part of the starboard deck measuring about four by eight feet,
completely out of sight of the rest of the boat. As she led me on,
she started to sway sensuously to the beat of the music, her hips
had a rolling motion that reminded me of a fine mechanical movement
designed by a master engineer.

    She turned to me and then came the shock of my life. She reached
up to her dress, unsnapped it, slowly spread it open. She was stark
naked beneath her dress, except for her garterbelt, the silky nylons
it held up , her high heels and a slinky swimmer's body that made my
heart stutter. She tossed her dress a bench by the bulkhead, leaned
forward, and started to gently and passionately kiss me. Her tongue
and lips seemed to possess a life of their own. The nibbles and
licks and accompanying murmuring told me that I was in the presence
of a virtuoso of the act of love.

    While continuing to orally explore my mouth, she squeezed her
tits, causing her nipples to contract and swell at the same time.
She moaned softly and then replaced her hands with mine. She slid
her hands down her body to her mons veneris and began to probe the
fleshy folds concealed there. She fingered her clit and swollen
labia while still moving sexily to the music. I sat back to enjoy
the show, continuing to twiddle her nipples which had a firmness
that inevitably drew my lips to them.

    I couldn't help but react to the sudden constriction beneath my
tuxedo pants as my prick surged to throbbing, pulsing rigidity.  She
swayed towards me still merrily masturbating, then reached out and
stroked my cock with both hands, slid in tightly against me and
rubbed up and down the turgid length with her now fully opened
twat. The delicious frottage was almost more than I could stand, I
groaned aloud with the pleasure.

    She asked softly, "Is this for meeeee, say yes, OHHHHH PLEASE
say yessssss......", meanwhile she continued to hunch her drooling
puss against the bulge beneath my zipper. She then said "Would you
like me to fix that for you? It looks painful and I've got something
right here (pointing to her coral hued vagina) that can soothe that
for you." She continued to squeeze me, holding my penis tightly
against the outside of her pussy, and started moving back and forth,
bringing us both to a frenzy of anticipation. Suddenly she convulsed
and came with a prolonged shuddering orgasm, and finished by sliding
her fingers into her dripping pussy and rubbing the pearly wetness
over my lips and nose.

    She knelt down by the railing, unzipped my pants and drew my
penis out She looked at the fleshy tube in her hand, the leaned down
and engulfed my cock in her warm, sensuous mouth, and proceeded to
use her tongue, lips, and mouth to devour it.  She licked her own
wetness off my shaft, and then slid her fingers back into her pussy
and collected the glistening secretions and applied them to my rigid
member to make it slippery again. Her fisting motion combined with
the vacuum of her mouth drew me to the brink of ecstasy and over the
edge. I tried to last but just couldn't, my cum exploded into her
mouth. Just as I started cumming, she drew her mouth back a little,
fluttering her tongue back and forth underneath the head of my cock,
and slid one hand around my balls. I looked down at her and found
her luminous eyes gazing straight into mine. As my cum shot across
her tongue and into her open mouth, she smiled slightly and never
took her eyes from mine. She slowly milked the remaining cum from my
dick and let it drip into her mouth from her fingers.

    We held each other in the cool summer, breeze, reveling in the
beautiful interlude we had just experienced. I expected her to put
her dress back on and rejoin the party, but instead she started to
slowly kiss and stroke my body. The sensation was explosive. I
couldn't believe that she was getting me hard again so soon after I
had cum. It was as if she was a snake charmer and my dick was the
snake slowly it rose and firmed again.

    She led me over to the bench, moved it out a bit, and had me lie
down on my back with one leg on either side. After making sure I was
fully hard by again sucking my schwantz deep into her mouth, she
straddled the bench and lowered the entrance of white-hot tunnel
onto the bulbous head of my steely, hard cock. She was wonderfully
liquid and tight, a sensual contrast to the fitful breezes. At first
she simply suckled the tip with a snapping movement of her inner
lips, then she began engulf me. She moved up and down, letting my
cock almost slip out of the luxurious grasp and then sliding
slowly back down over it, til her carefully groomed tuft mingled
with my wirey one. I could see her beautifully tipped breasts in the
moonlight and started caressing them, as her nipples slowly receded.
She leaned over and started frenching me again. Her forward movement
resulted in her clitoris rubbing tightly against me with my cock
totally buried deep inside of her. Instead of letting her move up
and down, I grabbed her firm ass with both hands, tightened the
contact between her clit and my pelvis, and moved back and forth.
She came with a wild climax and kissed me with such passion that I
could hardly breathe.

    Somehow I managed to keep from cumming. After a few minutes of
lying quietly in each other's arms, she slowly slid her pussy off my
still turgid pud.  She playfully alternated between eating my cock
and slipping it back into her warm, dripping pussy. She licked my
balls until I thought I would explode and then licked up along the
underside of my cock with her tongue. She nuzzled the head of my
cock and varied the pressure from very tight to loose and slippery.

    Just as I felt I was going to cummmmmmmm, she tightened her
hands on the base of my dick, calmed my excitement, and then started
me back up again by tightening her pussy around me. During one of
these "cooling off" periods, she turned around her pussy over to my
face and lowered herself onto my tongue and lips. Her smell reminded
me of a ripe peach so I ate her with pleasure until she came softly,
and then continued to lightly nibble her clit while sliding my
fingers about her cunt.  That, plus my tongue and lips on her bud,
was more than she could stand, anddddddddd abruptly she came again
with a cry as prolonged orgasm shook her entire body.

    Finally, after she had cum so many times we both lost track, I
sat up on the bench with her still fitted atop my cock. I could feel
it buried deep inside her pussy, with her uterine entrance caressing
the tip and her clit tight up against my pubis. Instead of moving my
cock in and out of her, I remained tightly inside of her. She
tightened her pussy around my cock and then relaxed it, repeating
this in rhythm to the music. We continued our deep kissing, and I
rubbed her back and buttocks. The combination of her soft, supple
breasts rubbing against me, the passionate kissing, and suckling
pussy overwhelmed me. I came inside of her in a tremendous blast
without moving my cock at all. We held each other closely for
another ten minutes, and then got dressed.

    When we rejoined the party, it was one hour and 20 minutes
later, and the boat was returning to Navy Pier and the dock. The
magnificent evening was the start of a beautiful friendship. Before
we left the city we had an opportunity to spend a wild afternoon at
the Indiana Dunes on an isolated beach with more  passionate and
lusty lovemaking. But that is a different fantasy.

