                    JUST A LITTLE COUNTRY GIRL
                          by J. BOSWELL

     Born and raised on a farm in a small West Virginia town, I certainly
was not prepared for the fantastic things that have happened to me in the
last year.
     I was a virgin when I married Duane right out of high school.  We were
everybody's "perfect couple" - he played football, and I was a cheerleader. 
Duane worked hard for a lot of years, and, last year, got the "big"
promotion and was transferred to Baltimore.  We had to leave our little
town for the first time in our lives.  It was very scary, but our minister
gave us an introduction letter to a church just outside of Baltimore, and
the people at our new church were the greatest - making us feel at home,
helping us settle in, etc.  
     As you can guess, I was the dumb little country girl in the big city
for the first time - I had never been exposed to all the sex and violence
and four-letter words in the "outside" world.  Duane and I were about even
in the sex department, and I didn't believe people could do the things to
each other that I have recently discovered they do.  
     Duane and I have been married nine years and we normally made love
maybe two or three times a month, and, although I was unaware of this, I
had never experienced an orgasm in all the years of my marriage.  We had
sex in the traditional, "missionary" position, and as soon as Duane reached
his climax, he would get up and take a shower, and then I'd take mine.  To
me, the sex felt good, but I thought that was all there was to it.  We had
never tried, or even discussed, oral sex or anything else for that matter.
     Duane's job keeps him on the road constantly and he is gone more than
he's home.  We bought a house when we moved to Baltimore, and the upkeep
and expenses in the area are demanding.  We live near a large state
university and decided to rent out a room to a college student.  Duane and
I didn't want just anybody living in our house, so we were fortunate enough
to have a church member recommend her nephew to us. 
     My story really begins last August, when our college student, Joe,
moved in.  As part of the rental agreement, I made his bed everyday and
cleaned his room.  A couple of weeks after he moved in, I found a whole
stack of "adult" magazines under his bed.  There were "Playboys" and
"Penthouses," but there were also magazines with only pictures called
things like "Stockings and Lace," "Bush Basher," "Anal Honeys," and "Big
Tit Fuckers."  I was amazed and shocked at what I saw in the pictures and
what I read in the letters and stories.  But every day, I dug another one
out to read or look at.
     One afternoon, Joe came in unexpectedly and caught me sitting on his
bed, reading his magazines.  I was embarrassed beyond words, and wanted to
die!  I could feel myself blush from head to toe, and Joe tried to console
me, telling me not to be ashamed.  We began to talk, and he asked me a lot
of questions about my attitude towards sex, and even my experiences.  I had
never talked to anyone about sex, and I just opened up, for the first time
in my life.  After a long conversation, he finally convinced me that I had
never really experienced sex to the fullest and knew nothing of its
pleasures.  To make a long (and I'm sure, obvious) story short, within two
weeks, Joe seduced me and we began having sex every day.  
     Soon after we started, Joe insisted on performing oral sex on me.  I
resisted at first, but finally gave in, and, within a few short minutes, I
experienced the most wonderful orgasm of my life!  From that second on, I
couldn't get enough of his sucking and screwing me.  He never failed to
bring me to climax and I was so hooked on his wonderful body and tongue
that I would have done almost anything to have him suck me.
     Several days later, Joe asked me to perform oral sex on him.  Of
course, I refused, telling him that I had never done anything like that,
even with Duane.  He told me that he would not suck me until I sucked him. 
Two days later I gave in and started sucking him regularly.  
     From that day on, our schedule was for me to suck him until he came
(and I swallowed it), then we would make love until he came a second time,
and then he would suck me until I had my greatest orgasm of the day. 
Somehow, each day and each orgasm was better than the last.  Needless to
say, I loved every second of our lovemaking.
     Joe soon told me that he wanted me to go out and buy a very specific
sexy outfit for him.  Everything was to be black.  The dress was to be very
short and tight.  I was also to get a sexy lace bra and tiny lace panties,
garterbelt, stockings and the highest patent leather, high heels I could
find.  I bought the items as soon as I could afford them, finding the shoes
at a Goodwill store.  Of course, I had to hide my new outfit so that Duane
wouldn't see it.
     Almost everyday, when I dressed up in my outfit, it would drive Joe
absolutely nuts.  He would go wild and our lovemaking hit new heights of
excitement.  I would walk around in my outfit for him, and then he would
undress me down to the garterbelt, nylons and heels and I would keep those
on as we made love and sucked each other.  We had a wonderful relationship. 
We would carry on like this everyday and I would have two, three, even
sometimes four orgasms a day!
     One day, after classes resumed after Christmas break, Joe came home
from class and, out of the blue, told me he wanted me to dress up in my
black outfit and go with him to a friend's apartment.  He said he wanted to
show my outfit to his friend.  When I absolutely refused, he announced that
there would be no more sex, not even sucking, and left the house to live
with his friend.
     Finally, I couldn't stand it anymore and called Joe at his friend's
apartment.  People (including Duane) were asking me where Joe was and why
he wasn't home.  But the real reason was, I now needed my constant sex, and
I especially needed Joe to suck me off to my wonderful orgasms.  On the
phone, I pleaded with Joe to come back and he didn't agree until I told him
I would do anything he wanted me to do.
     Joe returned in two days, and after about a week, our routine was back
to normal.  The following weekend, Duane was out of town, and Joe told me
that he had set up a party with a friend of his (Mark), and that I was to
wear my sexy outfit.  I was too ashamed to risk being seen in public in the
outfit, so I carried it in a small gymbag.  When we arrived at Mark's
apartment, Joe introduced me as his "sexy landlady," and said, "Her husband
is out of town and anything goes!"  I was so embarrassed in front of this
total stranger.  Joe then went into the kitchen to make drinks, and Mark
put his arm around me, telling me to put on the little outfit he had "heard
so much about."
     When I had finished dressing, Mark kissed me and ran his hand down
inside the top of my dress, feeling my breasts.  I pulled away and yelled
for Joe to drive me home.  He said that I had promised to do whatever he
wanted, and that now was the time to prove it.  He then downed his entire
drink, spun me around and unzipped my dress.  It dropped to the floor as he
said to Mark, "Check out this fantastic body!  Have you ever seen any
better?"
     I stood there, trembling and fighting back tears as Joe unhooked my
bra and pulled off my panties.  I can never explain how embarrassed and
humiliated I was standing there, almost naked, in front of a total
stranger, and seeing the excitement blaze in his eyes.
     Joe pushed me down on Mark's lap and went to make another round of
drinks.  Mark's hands were all over my body - squeezing, caressing,
rubbing.  Feeling my breasts, squeezing my hard nipples, until finally, his
hand forced its way between my thighs and found my clitoris.  Joe returned
with the drinks and said, "Let's go to the bedroom," where they both
undressed and pushed me on the bed between them.
     That Friday night (and Saturday morning!) from 9:00 p.m. to 4:00 a.m.,
the three of us participated in a sex orgy that was totally unbelievable 
and beyond anything I had ever dreamed possible.  Joe screwed me three
times, and Mark screwed me four times!  Each of them sucked me until I
reached orgasms, and I sucked both of them off twice.  While Joe was
screwing me, Mark straddled my chest and put his cock into my mouth.  Then
they would switch, and Mark would screw me from behind as I sucked Joe,
lying on the bed.  Joe fell asleep first and then Mark, and that's the
order I woke each of them the next morning, by sucking them to orgasm.
     After that night, we returned to Mark's apartment at least once a
week, for repeat performances.  One night, during the week, two classmates
stopped by and Mark invited them in.  Within seconds they were naked and
getting on the bed.  Joe insisted that I have sex with them, too.  They
didn't even tell me their names, and before the night was over, both of
them had screwed me twice, and I had sucked them both off to climaxes.
     Towards the end of the semester, Joe started bringing guys home from
class with him, telling me to have sex with them.  When I counted them up,
I realized I had had sex with eleven total strangers (not counting Mark!). 
Every time I refused, Joe threatened to move out, again, and I knew he
meant it.  After the first time with me, some of them stopped back and had
sex with me, even if Joe wasn't home!
     Last week, at the end of the semester, Joe told me he wanted me to go
to a party with him.  By then, I had an idea what kind of party it would
be, so I refused.  He then told me that if I agreed to go, he would find a
job nearby, and stay at the house all Summer, instead of moving back to New
Jersey until the Fall semester.  Of course, I couldn't bear the thought of
four months without sex with Joe, so I agreed to go.
     When I walked into the party in my black outfit, it was immediately
obvious that I was the only woman there.  The guys, some of whom had been
to the house with Joe, all took turns dancing with me, and that was fun. 
But within an hour, I was being led down the hall, into a bedroom, and
being stripped at Joe's urging.  For the next four hours, I had continuous
sex, until all eleven men were exhausted, and I couldn't get them aroused
any more.
     That party made me stop and think about where my life was headed.  I
think I still love Duane, even though he can't even begin to drive me wild
the way Joe does.  I've hinted about oral sex with Duane, but he says it
just doesn't sound "proper."  
     I know I'm on a wild ride with Joe and his college friends.  I just
don't know how to stop it.  I know guys talk, and soon, word about these
orgies is bound to get out to someone.  I'm even running out of excuses for
why I miss so many Sunday services when Duane is out of town!  Just today,
Joe came home from his new construction job for the Summer and said he was
telling all his coworkers about what a sexy landlady he had!


