                          Chapter 4: OPEN MARRIAGE
 
                         "The Heat at Land's Edge"
 
                                  By ELLEN
 
     On a Saturday late last March, while Bill was out of town on business, 
I was in a black string-bikini, laying on our cypress dock beneath the late 
ernoon sun. The dock juts 50 feet out over the lake to our boathouse. The 
sun's rays rippled through tiers of clouds, reddening the lake. 
 
     I looked up as the 19 year old son of an engineering consultant, a 
iend and client of Bill's, drove his canvas-topped jeep onto the curving 
driveway alongside our house. 
 
     He walked out back to the dock. He was delivering a contract proposal 
from his father for Bill to look over. 
 
     I ignored his darting eyes as he appraised my figure; having been a 
achwear and fashion model before our marriage just 8 years ago, I was 
accustomed to even our pastor stealing glances at church picnics. I 
explained that Bill wasn't home, had forgotten to tell me about it, and 
sked him leave the papers until Monday when Bill was to return.
 
     I hadn't previously met John's son, who confidently introduced himself 
as David. 
 
     He was driving back for the spring quarter to a college a hundred miles 
away and was just dropping off the papers on the way. David, with his full, 
rfectly shaped lips, was as handsome as Bill, 16 years younger, and a 
couple of inches shorter. His lean, muscular body was particularly evident 
in his polo shirt and white swim trunks as he stood on the dock between me 
d the setting sun. 
     He nodded, acknowledging our waterskis on a rack inside the boathouse, 
then commented, "We have a ski boat and boat ramp at the school's lake. I 
love waterskiing!" It was clearly a request for an invitation.
miled, "I'm Ellen. How about a half hour's waterskiing? I'll 
operate the boat." 
 
     Grinning, he helped me secure the tow rope to the stern. The skis tight 
on his feet, he was standing knee deep in water as I powered up and threw 
him the tow rope. 

     The "half hour" became an hour, and it was now dark. 
 
     While operating the boat, watching David's athletic form in the 
rearview mirror, I was remembering another younger man, Greg, whom Bill had 
encouraged to seduce me the previous fall. Although I had no such thoughts 
out David, those sexual memories were churning in my stomach as I reached 
to pull David from the moonlit water. 
 
     The touch of our hands was electric. His long stare at my breasts 
unsettled me. His chest heaving noticeably, he kept stealing glances at my 
gs and breasts as I steered back across the lake. My knuckles were white 
on the wheel as I fought my urge to return his stare. I sniffed deeply, 
drawing in the pungent odor of the motor's gasoline as if that would clear 
e thoughts swirling through my mind.
 
    As we putted into the boathouse's darkness, he grappled with the tie 
lines, securing the boat to the dock. Plopping into the rear seat, he 
exhaled. 
 
     Afraid to look at him, I waited. He didn't move. 

     I swallowed nervously, when he breathed, "Need to relax a minute. 
Thanks, Ellen, I really enjoyed it." Then, he added, haltingly, "You're 
truly beautiful." He was trying to hide the tightness in his voice. 
 
     Trembling fearfuly, I turned, staring down at his long, curved hardness 
neath his white swim trunks. I blushed, feeling the warmth 
surging through my body.
 
     Our eyes locked. 
 
     My lips were quivering. I gulped, "You want something else, David?" And 
I knew what he wanted. What we both wanted. Each time I sense that a man 
shes to make love, I feel an unexplainable fear pounding in my throat and 
deep within my stomach; I felt that now as David reached for my hand and 
pulled me toward him, kissing me deeply. 
 
     My face burned in the electrical current of sexuality irradiating 
tween us. 
 
     I whimpered, my hips rotating in involunary excitation as he untied my 
swim suit and lowered me to the boat's carpeted floor. 
 
     I squinted as my eyes adjusted to the darkness of the boathouse. 

     David slipped off his white swim trunks. He hovered above me, his 
instrument unbelievably long and slender! I couldn't take my eyes off the 
engorged penis, curving and pointing toward me like a threatening weapon! 
His lips trembled down the path of my body to my shaved mound. 

     I moaned, pressing my heels against the boat's carpeting, my cuntal 
lips pulsating. My nipples were standing out like spikes as David kissed the 
softness of my breasts. 
 
     White hot with desire, I enwrapped my long legs about his slender body, 
lling him to me. His throbbing manhood swayed closer to the vee of my 
long, spread legs, until my smooth mound quivered up to meet it. I murmured, 
my voice tremoring, "You're beautiful also, David."
s eyes blazed with youthful lust. The moonlight shone brilliantly 
against his purple-veined sceptre. His fiery poker slithered into my vagina, 
probing my depths. My belly quivered as I pulled away, then lurched upward 
again. My cuntal walls were steaming, my fear now overcome by excitation. I 
impered, locking my ankles around his back. 
 
    His soft, pale lips enveloped a hard, reddened nipple. He matched his 
motions to mine as my hips came up to launch his lengthy missile deep into 
me with a twisting thrust. His hands stroked the shapeliness of my legs. His 
eyes rolled as he realized the monumental ardor of the delicious sin. 
Fucking a MARRIED woman! The WIFE of his father's friend! He murmured, in 
exquisite passion, "It's so wonderful!" 
 
  My sighs were bursting each time he entered me. I looked down at his 
cock, my mouth wide with wonder as I watched his hips rise to display the 
glowing marvel that disappeared with each thrust into my radiant depths. I 
was delerious, smoldering with passion, my hips rising to meet his every 
try. My groin flamed as his long tool slithered through my channel. I 
moaned, "It's so big! You're killing me!" My breasts heaved in rhythm with 
David's gasps. 
 
     I was tossing my head, my hair flailing the warm night air. I screamed 
statically, "Oh, David! Oh my GOD! It's marvelous! Marvelous!" I was 
positively loving it. My eyes and mouth opened widely as I relished the 
stunning mega-thrills! I was moaning uncontrollably now as I watched his 
curved hardness fucking into me. 
't realized my lubrious tunnel was so deep as to accept this 
length. Squeezing my vagina around it, I was going mad with ungodly passion 
under his long strokes! The higher I raised my legs as he pistoned in and 
out, the deeper he bored. My hips rolled from side to side of their own 
lition, making his cock rotate and wriggle within my tremoring channel. An 
orgasmic rhapsody crescendoed through me like an impending explosion. 
 
     David shuddered, his brilliant green eyes staring into mine, knowing we 
re almost there, at the outer limits of the cosmos! He thrust into me with 
a fury. My tight flesh parted reluctantly, then closed tightly around his 
manhood as he plowed into my trembling body.
 
     And it came! Booming throughout the darkness. Our orgasm ruptured the 
verse, flooding through me like an awesome rapture in my soul. Heaven 
thundered, a billion exploding stars lighting the boathouse. 
 
     Now, moaning and coming together, we were one, glowing like a blast 
furnace! We wailed as the earth-moving climax lifted our bodies from the 
net. Our arms entertwined, our lips pressed together, we rolled to our 
sides. 
 
     My legs squeezed his hips as I pressed my mound against him to relish 
the firm manhood throbbing in unison with my fluttering heart.

     Nude, we walked through the darkness of our tree-enclosed yard to the 
house. 
 
     David stayed the night, fucking me with the male animal stamina 
possessed only by a 19 year old. "I love you," he told me after we showered, 
 to our bed. 
 
     Intoxicated by his male odor, I kneeled before him. The fullness of my 
lips enveloped his enormous cock. My head bobbed along its length, my tongue 
sliding softly over the bulging veins.
 
then entered my cunt from the rear. My hands flat on the carpet, my 
emoring arms braced me as he fucked me from behind. His naked hips slapped 
my buttocks. His instrument pistoned into me as I shuddered wildly with 
pleasure. 
 
     I was fucking back against him as I rolled my head, groaning my 
atitude! Long rippling waves of orgiastic joy tingled through my depths. 
"Oh, GOD, David," I moaned in an unguarded moment as I turned to touch his 
wonderful instrument driving into me from behind, "I love you also! I LOVE 
you! I LOVE you!" And I did. For that long and lovely night. 
  When my husband returned, I told him everything. 
 
     He grinned, his eyes illumined with lust. We were lost in an evening of 
passion, experiencing the sinful replay of my adultery, the greatest of 
pleasures. 


