				     LARA'S LUST

	Lara surveyed her daughter's supine form on the couch with
mixed feelings. It was nice to have her home. After her teenage daughter
had left home, she realized how lonely she felt. The house felt empty,
the rooms desolate and the days drab. True she had many friends,
and lovers...but there was something satifsying about having a family
member at home. Yes, on the one hand she felt motherly bliss at the
sight of Kate on the couch her legs over the edge, talking on the phone.
On the other there was a feeling...too alien for comfort yet too strong
to resist, that was fast consuming her. Lust, at the feminine charms before
her. The soft, rounded breasts. The legs fully visible and equally
endearing, and the panties barely disguised under a shirt half open
in the front. Kate had changed. In the year and a half she had been 
away she had blossomed into a sexual being, an independent woman
and quite a hot piece of ass, she thought to herself, half blushing.

Last year she had announced she was a lesbian. 

"I like girls, Mom.., and that's it!" she had said with that take it
or leave it look in her eyes.

"Fine Sweetie, then girls it is," she had said. She couldn't have cared
less, and the thought of her girl in bed with another woman had mildly
turned her on. That seed of lust had remained long after that incident,
and grown quietly into a river of wetness between her legs that was 
making her weak and wanton now. 

Kate's way of life had not helped quell that urge. She walked around the
house in her panties most of the time. The naked women on her walls,
the vibrator by her bedside and  the moans as she stroked herself when
she talked to her lover over the phone, left her in no doubt that her
daughter was a sexual jackpot. More like a sticky, icky wet pot of honey mmm,
her  perverse mind  hastened to remind her. What she'd give to dip
right into it.

The conversation on the phone had evidently taken a turn for
the sensual. Kate gave a gentle moan and plunged her hand into
her panties. Lara's heart seemed to jump right out of her chest.
She couldn't believe that Kate hadn't heard her pounding heart.
True this was Kate's room but having left her door wide open she
should know that her mother would come by sooner or later.
Kate's fingers had pushed the bridge of her panties aside and
were plunged into her wet pussy. Having cradled her phone under
her chin her left hand reached up to unbutton the top three buttons
of her shirt. Her breasts were exposed and her hand played with the
nipples with an urgency that told Lara all she needed to know.

With a moan she rushed into the room and stood at the foot of
the couch, by her daughter's splayed legs. Their gazes locked.
In Kate's eyes she saw a questioning look steeped in a haze of
desire. It was now or never. 

In a move that both of them would never forget she reached down
and placed her hands on her daughter's soft cool rump and began
pulling her panties off. Realizing what her mother was about to do
Kate's eyes widened. In an instant the panties were up to her knees.
Kate screamed, "Oh my God, ohhh my fucking God" The panties
were now down to her ankles as Kate pulled her leg out and spread
them. The red wetness was so inviting. Lara plunged her mouth
onto her daughter's waiting pussy. "Jen, My mothers eating my.."
The rest of her words were lost in a groan of pleasure. Lara tongue
was teasing her clit, darting all over her cunt hole, lapping up her
oozings.
 
The position though delightful was fast becoming uncomfortable.
Kate pushed herself back onto the couch pulling Lara up
with her. Her mother was now right on top of her. Kate took control.
Her mouth found her mother's and her tongue plunged in, tasting
herself. Her hands groped her mother's hair as the women kissed
deep and longingly. This couldn't last long enough for them.
Each could smell the other's perfume, the other's perpiration
and saliva. Kate's fingers busily tore her mother's blouse open.
She unbuckled the bra and as the breasts came tumbling out, they
were putty in her hands. She squeezed them making mewling sounds.
Pinching the nipples, she let her fingers run to her sweaty underarm.
Still kissing her Kate half turned to get besider her mother's body.
She brought her finger wet with underarm sweat  up to their nostrils.
The smell was heady. Knowing where the real smells lay Kate unbuttoned
her mothers pants and before they were off her waist she had her fingers
under her mom's panties. 

As Lara opened her thighs to grant entry Kate pushed her fingers into her 
sopping wet hole. Soon she had her pants right off and her panties
with them.  Lubricated they were ready to take on her anus. 
She plunged her middle finger in and soon it was joined by her index finger. 
Lara whimpered "Take me Katie! Make me come." Kate, now on top had all 
her fingers in her mothers pussy and anus and was pumping them in and
out, as Lara reached for her damp underside. Sensing her mothers urgency,
Kate crouched on her mother's tits giving her access to her butt. Lara 
pulled her daughters hairy pubis in and down onto her waiting mouth.
Her hairs filled her mouth as did the pink succulent flesh of her cunt.

The stage was set for a perfect 69. Kate's mouth greedily found her mother's
accomadating pussy. The warm, wet flesh with raw feminine smells drove
her crazy. Lara drove a finger into her daughter's tight puckered anus
much to her surprise and eventual delight. She wiggled it in and out.

"Yeah Mom stick it in," cried Kate "Fuck me you shit licking slut"

Hearing her child talk dirty seemed to turn on Lara tremendously.
Kate intensified her dirty talk, alternating the use of her tongue with
her fingers on her mother's pleasure hole. "Smell me, Lick me Mommmy..
Put your tongue in your daughters pussy, ohh" Her mother's shuddering
moans told her that she was over the edge, as her thighs clamped her
face onto her throbbing pussy.

Now it was Lara's turn to do the pleasing. Kate lay back on the cushions
her legs open as her mother climbed on top of her. "Take me, baby," cried
Kate as Lara's fingers plunged in her hole one by one until all five were in
and pumping away. Lara's mouth found her's as they kissed once again. Lara's
mouth came unglued from Kate's so that her tongue could dance over her daughters
face, licking her lips, her nose. Finally it found her ear. As her mother's tongue
delved into her year Kate's felt her climax building. "Oh Mom kiss me now"
she cried. Sensing her hurry Lara lips found her mouth as her hand pumped
into her hot wetness. One well lubricated finger found her anus. Kate moaned
into her mother's mouth as she came, and shuddered in ecstasy.

Their bodies relaxed and lips parted, smiling. Lara lifted her bosom to
her child's mouth. "Baby," she cried with a special tenderness that
mothers reserve for their young ones. Instinctively Kate's mouth closed
on her nipple.


They both knew that this was the start of a beautiful relationship
