Archive-name: Bondage/lastnite.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Last Night


Alright, so I was horny again; but, as I mentioned previously, I'm divorced,
but living at home with the ex-wife and two children. This arrangement is easy
and convenient for everyone; but, my ex is taking advantage of my needs.  And,
now, there's no doubt about it!

Last night, shortly after I disconnected, my wife was up, checking on one of
the kids.  When she saw me awake and at the terminal (not surprised as I only
get home late, she asked me if I wanted to taste her pussy.  Sure!  (We
haven't had anything going on between us since the divorce and I certainly
didn't have time to find anyone for companionship or intimacy as I work so
much.)

She always enjoyed the way I ate her pussy; although, lately she's been very
aggressive and dominant, physically.  She brought me into her bedroom, told me
I could undress (all I had on were shorts anyway) and had me sit on the edge
of the bed.  She only had on a transparent black baby doll and after she
removed her g-string type panties, reached under the bed for a small bag.  She
put the bag next to me on the bed and said not to touch it.

Then, she moved in front of me and began to rub her hands across her body,
over her pert tits and hard nipples, spreading her legs and rubbing her
thighs, moving one hand in between to massage that beautiful, tight pussy
(which has been shaved clean, all except for just a little patch at the top).
She reached over for a few moments and teasingly stroked my raging hard on.
Having fingered her pussy to a dripping wetness, she removed her fingers and
ran them across my lips and into my mouth, asking me if I really, really
wanted to taste her juices.

I said that I did very, very much.  She asked if I would do "anything" to be
allowed to taste her.  I said "yes."  She then said that I'd have to agree to
submit to her desires for the rest of the night. Thinking that I really never
expected to physically have her again, I readily agreed.

She then opened the bag (which I had forgotten about) and withdrew several
cords.  She said that I'd have to be tied down, just to insure I'd keep my
promise.  After each of my limbs were tightly tied to a corner of the bed and
I was spread-eagled and helpless, she removed her sheer baby doll and began to
rub the length of her naked body all over me, putting those pert titties and
nipples into my mouth, squatting down over my face, just enough to get a brief
taste and contact with her lips and clit.  She moved her body down and brushed
her tits against my hard cock and even gave my balls, which were exposed and
hanging helplessly between my outstretched legs, a quick rub.

Getting up from the bed, she said that if I really wanted to taste her pussy,
she was prepared to satisfy my desire and was going to "go even beyond that."
I was puzzled by what she meant; but, when she reached back into the bag, I
saw her remove several dildoes, I was confused.  There was a really giant
dildo which looked absolutely life-like, I couldn't believe the appearance or
size of this monster, next a long double dildo with a head at each end came
into view, followed by a tube of KY jelly.

She started to play with the dildoes against her body and rub each one over
her titties and between her legs.  After a short time, she said that I would
now taste her pussy, but I'd do it HER way!  She took the double headed dildo
and moved one end into her pussy, in and out, over and over again.  Then, she
pulled it out and reinserted the other end into her pussy, about half way.
Explaining that the exposed half of the dildo was covered and dripping with
her juices she moved up onto my chest to give me a close view.  She looked
like she really had a cock the way this thing jutted out from between her
legs!  She showed me the slickness of her shaft and told me it was now time
for me to taste her.  Before I could understand what she was getting at she
moved closer, putting her knees on each side of my head and moved the end of
the dildo into my mouth!  She said this was the way she had intended for me to
taste her and that I would taste her well this night!

She began to fuck my mouth with the dildo and would have me lick the sides and
underneath, all the way down to where it entered her pussy, until I had licked
it clean.  Then, she would pull it out of her, turn it around, reinsert it,
and continue the same, forceful domination. As she did this, she would talk
nasty and tell me to "lick this cock" and "suck her dick" and tell me that
this is what I should enjoy sucking.

(I should mention that I have never, ever, had a homosexual affair or
encounter.  I HAVE participated in many a threesome (some with my ex-), and a
few times the threesomes have included myself, my ex-, and another man;
however, I never really did anything with the other man. Previously this had
upset my ex- (at that time my wife), because she wanted me to and it never
actually occurred.  She would get it on with the other girl when the
threesomes consisted that way.  The only time she was really excited and
turned on by our events seemed to be when I came as close as when I would lick
her body and suck her tits while she would be sitting on top of our friend's
cock, fucking away, and having me move my head down to lick her pussy, while
his cock went in and out of her.  She also would enjoy it when she would set
it up so that she would be 69ing me, with her on top, and have our friend fuck
her from behind.  During these times, she would reach back and put her hand
around his cock as it went into her and sometimes knock it out so that it
would plunge into my mouth.  But, it would just be very quick, as I was not
wanting this, and seldom happened (although she would always try it several
times.  Once, she had me eat her out after he had come inside her.  But, I
have never actually "done" anything involved, or on a one-to-one basis with
another guy.)

Now that that's explained, back to what she was now doing to me last night.
She continued to fuck my mouth with the dildo and talk dirty to me until she
worked herself up to orgasm.  When that happened she almost fucked that dick
down my throat and choaked me she was so excited.  After she recovered, she
turned the dildo around again and had me taste her pussy cum and juices of the
well used end.  Soon, she worked herself up to an excited state again; but,
got off of me. I thought that she might be sore from all the activity (my
mouth and throat certainly were); but, she then pushed two pillows under my
ass.  (As I was already tied tightly, this only increased the tension of the
cords pulling on my arms and legs.)

The more she kept moving around with this cock hanging down from between her
legs, I could almost swear it was the real thing.  Anyway, she then began to
lubricate the exposed portion of "her cock" and told me I was now in for a
real treat.  I protested; but, she said that the reason I was tied was to
remind me that I had promised "anything." She said "not to worry" that she'd
only ass-fuck me as brutal, nonstop, and merciless as the most I had ever done
to her.  (Well, there were a few times where I had really done it to her, but
she liked it that way every now and then.)

Now, she got onto the bed and between my legs and said that I was now going to
know what a women felt like!  She had to move down rather clumsily as she
tried to manuever the exposed half of the dildo toward my tiny opening while
keeping the other half buried inside her pussy. After a while, she had it in
position and said that she'd now give me "what I really wanted, especially
after having sucked it so good." With that she rammed the dildo into my ass as
far as it would go, all in one thrust!  I felt like I was being torn apart!
Before I could say anything she had pulled it all the way out.  Then, rammed
it back in all the way.  She continued to pull it all the way out and ram it
in for some time, not giving my muscles a chance to get accustomed to the size
of this invader.  Finally, she remained stationary long enough for my asshole
to recover from the initial shock.  Then, she began fucking my ass, fast, very
hard, in fact brutal, until I was pleading with her to stop.  After I did
that, she began even harder thrusts and said that for the next half-hour I
would learn what the word "merciless" really means.  I thought I'd pass out.

Finally, after about 20 minutes she had made herself orgasm, as with every
thrust into me, she felt a similar movement from the end which penetrated her.
I said I too was about to cum and she said "not to dare on her new sheets."
She said that I would only be allowed to cum as a result of the cock fucking
my ass (although she had removed the end from her pussy by now) and she
continued to fuck the dildo in and out of me with one hand, while her other
hand played with my rock hard dick and balls.  When I was about to explode,
she cupped her hand around the end of my dick and pumped my cum into her hand.

After I finished exploding (like never before in my life), she removed the
dildo from my ass and I thought it was all over.  But, she said that I had
been a good boy, so I'd get desert!  She then took her hand full of cum and
wiped it over her tits and nipples and said that I'd have to lick them clean.
With that she bent forward and put her nipples and tits to my face and began
rubbing them into my mouth and lips!

When I was finished, she said that she needed some rest for work the next
morning.  She untied me and said to go back to my room, she was going to
cleanup and go to sleep.

I'm still sore and I don't know about her.  Anyway, so much for male
domination by a horny ex-!


End (no pun intended)

--
