The Last Bid

     There I sat, watching as the auction went on.  This was my farewell to
my old world, filled with domination and ruling over the submissives who came
to me.  My dreams, and at times my nightmares.  I sipped at my drink,
half-depressed and half-elated.  It had been a difficult decision for me to
make.
     It all started about a year ago when I truly fell in love.  I don't mean
lust, or puppy love, but rather the real romance found in the fairy-tales of
old. Her name was Sharon, and she was beautiful.  She had a gorgeous smile
and was the kindest, most loving soul that ever existed.  Well, as time went
on, our relationship bloomed and we were quite in love.
     After we had been going out for several months, when I really felt
comfortable talking with her, I told her about my fetishes and fantasies.  My
need to master my women, and know that they were mine.  She had known that I
wasn't innocent, though she was before meeting me.  I was distraught when she
laughed at me and said that I was crazy.
     When she saw my saddened and depressed look rather than my laughter, she
realized that I wasn't joking with her.  She saw that I truly wanted to
master her lush body.  I think that shocked her more than anything.  Things
began to get awkward after that.  We would occasionally discuss the subject,
but she could never understand why I wanted it so much.  And I couldn't
explain it myself.  Why did I want to master her?  Simply because.  It wasn't
a conscious decision, it was simply something I desired.
     After several months she began telling me how uncomfortable the thought
of bondage, domination and submission made her.  It wasn't the ways things
should be she said.  She then told me that she began to become afraid of me. 
Her fantasies becamed tinged with the thought of me suddenly tying her up and
ravishing her against her will.  Thoughts of me became nightmares.  And it
was becoming too much for her to bear.
     This gave me pause for thought.  How could I stay in a relationship
where my partner was perpetually scared of me?  In some relationships this
was okay, or even desireable, but not this one.  I began to fear that I'd
lose her.  So I resolved myself.  I would give up my past lifestyle to keep
the woman I loved.  
     This wasn't as easy as it sounds.  I did not consciously choose what
would turn me on.  And I was fairly engrossed in what I did.  Though I hadn't
actually bought myself a slave or dominated a woman since I met Sharon.  But
that didn't turn off my drive.  I didn't simply become "normal" as they call
themselves.  At heart I still wanted to dominate.
     I told Sharon my thoughts and feelings and she seemed relieved. 
Relieved that I would try to stop doing that "awful bondage thing".  It felt
awkward, but I was resolved.  But I wasn't so foolish as to think that I
could just walk away.  I'd have to make a slow transition, slowly withdrawing
from the bars and clubs that had become essential to my lifestyle.  I also
had a lot of friends to explain this too, as awkward as it would be.
     Sharon wasn't thrilled about it, but understood.  She realized what a
great sacrifice I was making for her and appreciated it.  She was truly a
wonderful creature.  It was too bad that she couldn't make herself the meek
submissive that I often times needed.
     So I talked to my friends and set my target date.  The date when I would
leave the clubs, the auctions and all of the things that used to play such an
important role in my life.  Some of my friends seemed dubious, but for the
most part they were supportive.  I promised to keep seeing them outside of
the scene...  an occasional dinner or night out.
     I don't know what I expected tonight, my last night here.  Maybe too
much.  I at least thought they'd give me a little going away party or
something.  Or at least seem sad knowing that tonight was my last night to
sit amongst them and watch as the slaves were sold.  But there was no such
emotion.  In fact they all seemed unusually happy and jovial.  I guess noone
had given me a second thought.
     I paid for the drink and left a tip on the table.  I looked around to
see if anyone wanted to say a last good-bye to me.  But they were all
engrossed in the auction.  I headed for the door.  As my hand reached the
handle I heard the auctionneer.
     "And this is a pretty one, a virgin to the block.  Notice her long brown
tresses, and well endowed figures.  Do I hear any bids?"
     "Seventy-five."
     I turned in astonishment.  It wasn't that it had been an unusual bid,
but the voice that called it.  That was the voice of Master James, one of the
harshest and cruelest masters in the area.  He was into heavy scenes, and
hardly ever bid.  He had his own slaves who were all very much in love with
him and devoted to him.  He rarely needed outside pleasures.  If he were
bidding, this girl must be a rare treat.
     I looked at the block and gasped.  It was Sharon!  I couldn't let her
fall into James's hands.  He was much too harsh for her.  And then I thought
and realized why she was there.  She wanted to give herself to me.
     Now I was in a tough spot, because I didn't have much cash on me.  And I
knew that once James had his mind set on a woman he got her.  And he was
rich.  We were friends of course, but he had no qualms about outbidding his
friends.  If only James knew who Sharon was.  I was certain that if people
knew that Sharon was my girlfriend that they wouldn't compete with my bids. 
_Damn it Sharon_,I thought to myself, _you have no idea what you got yourself
into_.
     Obviously I had to try to top the bid.  "Eighty" I shouted.  I knew this
was going to be a long struggle, and that the bidding had just begun.  If I
did it right though, maybe James would give in to me.  I was wrong.
     Everyone came into the bidding.  Things were really out of hand.  And
once I started bidding in over my head, I knew that I had to stop.  I wanted
to just shout and explain that she didn't really want to be on the block. 
But it was of no use.  Someone else would own my true love for the night...
     I hoped for Sharon's sake that it wasn't James.  He was a great guy, but
his scenes were scary.  Mary, one of his regular slaves used to tell me about
the horrors he would put her through.  Delicious punishments and tortures. 
But much much to harsh for someone like Sharon.  Why did that little flower
put herself here, at the mercy of strangers.
     It was all my fault.  I must have seemed too depressed, too down at the
thought of leaving the clubs.  She wanted to fix that, so decided to give
herself in.  She probably thought that I'd bid on her and win and that would
be the end of it.  She hadn't accounted on catching other peoples fancy.  I
looked at her kneeling upon the block.
     Her eyes were down as was to be expected, but she seemed sad.  Perhaps
she knew that I couldn't possibly compete with the others bids.  She seemed
on the verge of tears.  I went to find the manager of the club, to explain
the situation and see what she could do.  But she was nowhere to be found. 
It seems that there was some V.I.P. having a party and she was doing all the
last minute preparations.
     The bidding stopped.  My worst fears were realized: Master James won her
with the last bid.  I went to talk to him, but he was in too much of a rush
to speak with me.  He walked off, Sharon leashed and following him.  She was
sobbing so hard that her words weren't intelligible.  There was nothing left
that I could do.  I turned to leave.  Just as I was leaving, Mary(James'
regular slave) approached me.  She told me that they were having a party for
an important guy and asked if I would stay a few minutes to meet him.  I
shrugged and said I had nothing else to do.  I was on the verge of tears
thinking about the horrors Sharon was going through.  I was certain that
James wouldn't hurt her, but any scene would be too much for her.  She
shouldn't have come.
Mary led me to the back room.  It was a private party room that people rented
out for birthdays, bachelor/bacholerette parties and the like.  It was dark. 
I followed Mary into the room.
     Suddenly the lights flashed on and dozens of people yelled "Suprise!!!". 
It seemed like everyone was there.  It was strangely jovial for a farewell
party.
That's when I saw her, kneeling perfectly submissively beside the cake and
assorted presents.  Then I felt a tap on my shoulder.  It was James.
     "I hope you appreciated the theatrics."  He smiled.  I just stared,
dumbfounded.  "When you started talking about leaving all of us because of
some woman, we were a little distraught.  When we heard more of the details,
we decided to meet her and try to explain how things really were for us 'S+M
freaks'.  You have a very special lady there.  She was willing to listen, and
after we were done she suggested that we do this.  So this isn't a farewell
party for you.  It's a welcome party for Sharon."
     He smiled, patted me on the shoulder and headed for the bar.  He
commanded Mary to follow behind him and fetch him a drink.
     I went to Sharon to thank her for what she had done.  However, when I
approached her, she quickly kissed my feet.  She then said in a happy voice,
one almost of elation "I love you master."  I picked her up and hugged her
and told her I loved her too.  Tears welled from my eyes as I saw how much
she was willing to give in for me.  Even masters cry at times.
