
In the recent thread on "your favorite texture" there was not discussion of
latex and rubber. Yet those are supposedly very popular aspects of "kinky"
sex.

What is the appeal of latex and rubber? Do you find them sexy to touch? To
wear? To have someone else wear?

Peter


Dear Peter,

As far as latex is concerned, I was actually talking to a friend about it one
day at lunch. (Yes, I know, odd conversation for the lunch table, but you'd
kind of have to knowmy friend <grin>).

It actually started as a discussion of some people's attraction to rubber,
something I've never quite understood. To me it sounds cold, clammy, and
impersonal.  Well, this friend of mine was doing his best to assure me that
wasn't the case, and spoke of the fact that it quickly warmed to body
temperature.  He also mentioned the idea that some people enjoy the feeling
of the tightness of rubber garments.  The conversation then drifted to the
idea of latex as a similar sensation, and I was quick to point out that I
really didn't know, but could only assume what it would feel like.

"Do you ever wear leotards...or body suits?" he questioned.

"Well, yes...sure I do."

"Do you like them tight?"

"Yes."

"Well, that's the idea of latex!"

So, Peter, I'm not sure if latex and rubber are so much facinating by nature
of their textures, as it is the somewhat constricting effect that they have. 
I'd be really interested in other people's opinions on this.

How about it, friends?

Is it the texture or the tightness that's the turn-on?

<warm, tight hugs>

<grin>


      ....paula



It sounds like something I'd like to try. I had assumed that it was the
texture rather than the constriction that was the appeal.

I too would like to hear from people who have tried this.

Huggs ... Peter



Dear Paula,
     It's not only the tightness but the slick slipperly feeling of being
incased in rubber that makes it feel so warm and good.  What I don't
understand is why men seem to be the only people attracted to it.  What about
all you girls out there.  At one time girdles were made of rubber (the good
old 50s).  I used to dream of wearing rubber girdles.  In fact thats one of
the first rubber clothing I ever got my hands on!  If mom only knew.  He He
He
                         Warm and Slippery Huggers
                                                 Jay



Dear Paula,
     I too have a friend who enjoys rubber garmets.  He likes to wear them
and to have women wear them in his presence.  He collects rubber girdles,
swim caps, and excercise suits.  He says that he enjoys the texture and feel
of rubber and that latex is not the same.
                     HUggs,
                        Christy



Dear Peter,

I must say, I have never really understood the charm of latex, etc. I know that
there are folks who enjoy it, but I'm just not among their number.

And as for rubber.....well......there ARE duckies!  But for sex?  I have to say
I've not yet met an erotic rubber ducky.


..Val


Dear Christy,

Not to be too nosy, but have you ever tried any of the rubber stuff?

Or the latex, for that matter?

    .....paula



Dear Paula,
    Nope, I sure haven't.   The husband of an old friend of mine escorted me to
a Joan Baez concert one evening (she was supposed to go but had to go out of
town).  On the way home, he suddenly began to tell me all about his enjoyment
of rubber and his frustration at the advent of latex girdles and the cessation
of production of rubber ones.  Since then, he has called and chatted with me
periodically, so I am just learning about it all. However, he is not someone I
would become involved with, due to my friendship with his wife, who, by the
way, does not understand his fascination with rubber at all!  So, no...I
haven't tried any of it.
                              HUggs,
                                Christy

