
        Late Night with Sis. 

				A group effort.

"Alright, alright...I know the drill."  Tabitha said to her parents, leaning 
against the door.  She kept the door open until her mom and dad had gotten into 
the car and drove off.  Then she locked up for the night and skipped to the 
living room, grabbed the remote and switched on the idiot box.
"They gone?"  A small voice queried.   It was her little brother, Logan.
"Yep."
"So..." Logan flipped into the recliner, and twirled around in it for a few 
seconds.  "What do you feel like eating for dinner?"
"Why are you asking?  You cooking?"  Tab laughed as she loaded a cassette into 
the VCR.
"I might.  I might." Logan retorted.  His fourteen year-old sis stared blankly 
at him.
"Yeah right." She laughed.  She tried to adjust herself on the couch several 
times before giving up and heading for the kitchen.
"Get me a soda."
"Get it yourself."
"Well, you're up."
"So?  I'm not your slave-sis or something...  If you want anything, you can just 
get up and get it yourself, you lazy dweeb."  After a couple minutes she bounced 
back into the den with a diet cola, and a ham & cheese sandwich, only to see 
that the porn video had already begun on the TV screen.  Of course, Logan had 
been unwilling to wait for her to return before starting the movie.  She looked 
at her younger brother, who seemed very, very interested in what was on.  As she 
watched the guy in the movie pump his huge cock into the woman's welcoming cunt, 
again and again, over and over... her pussy churned, just slightly.
"Ahh...  children's programming."
"Shuddup."  Logan's attention was riveted to the porn movie where the well-hung 
guy was just pulling his cock out of the woman's pussy before pumping a huge 
load of white cream sauce onto her tits.  Tabitha's pussy churned a little more.  
As Tabitha finished her sandwich, the scene changed to two young beach-bunny 
lesbian blondes engaged in a hot and slick 69.  "So...Tab, you ever done that 
with one of your girlfriends?" Logan blurted out, laughing.
        "Huh?"  Tabitha didn't hear a word.  She was too busy finger-fucking 
herself under the sofa pillow, this scene was getting her hot...a little too 
hot, and the fact that her little brother was feet away from her made it tenfold 
hotter in sheer kinkiness.  
        "I asked... if you ever did that with one of your friends!"  Logan was 
very annoyed he couldn't get his insult in the first time.  His erection 
throbbed in his shorts.  It was a good thing his shirt was baggy, or his sister 
would surely notice something tenting his shorts.
        "No! That's gross."  Tabitha lied.  She'd only done it a few times with 
one of her girlfriends and had felt pretty guilty about it later.  Come to think 
of it, her girlfriend looked a lot like one of the blondes on the porno.  
        "Yeah, right.  It's awesome.  You're just a prude."   This gave Tabitha 
an idea.
        " So, I'm a prude, am I?"
        "That's what I said."
        "Then why am I finger-fucking myself to this porno video?"
        "...Yeah, right.  I believe you... NOT!"
        "What do you think I'm doing under this pillow?"
        "Your just moving it up and down, trying to fool me that you're playing 
with yourself, is all."  The 10 year-old budding boy wished that his statement 
wasn't true, he'd been jacking off at least 3 times a day for the past year or 
so, and 90% of the time it was to his sister, Tabitha.
        "Oh, yeah?"  Tabitha knew she could go through with it, she couldn't 
wait to see the look on his face.
        "Yeah!"  
        "Why don't you come over here and pull the pillow off?  You'll find out 
what I'm REALLY doing then."  Logan's stomach twisted, if he got up she'd pretty 
much have to notice his hard-on...and he pretty much knew she was going to play 
a trick on him... awww, what the hell.
        "I'll just do that, then."  Hearing that, Tabutha almost came, as she 
slid her middle finger as deep as it would go up her virgin pussy.  Logan hopped 
up, pulling his shirt away from his body to cover his erection.  Step by step he 
made his way, slowly, very slowly, the anticipation drove both of them crazy.  
Then wooosshh, the pillow was off.  Logan's eyes bugged out as he stared at the 
sight of his big sister's pussy with her middle finger jammed deep, up to the 
knuckle, easing slowly in and out.  A sheen of pussy juice coated her finger and 
glistened wetly in the light from the TV screen.  His mouth dropped open as he 
stared in disbelief.  As he stood there in front of her, Tabitha's eyes lit up 
and her hand immediately grabbed at her brother's cock.  
        "What's this?"
        "What's what?"  Logan was in heaven.  Another hand on his prick, a 
girl's hand; his sister's hand!  Thank you, God, he thought to himself.
        "Nice penis you got there."  She observed as she tugged on it through 
the material of his shorts.  Logan was paralyzed.  Since he didn't know what to 
do, he just stood there, allowing his sister to grope his privates.
"You want me to suck it?"
"W-w-what!?!  You're joking!"  Logan snapped into reality.  "You shouldn't kid 
about something like that."
"Oh, I see...  Then you want to do me first?"  She spread her legs even further.  
She was wearing cut-offs, but the legs had been cut off right up to her crotch, 
so that only a thin band of denim stretched between her wide spread legs.  Her 
pussy, and he could see most of it, was a masterpiece.  Not that he'd seen any 
in person, but compared those he'd seen on videos, his sister's box was that of 
a goddess.  
"Well?  What's it gonna be, bro?"  Tabitha grew impatient with her little 
brother's lack of... decision.  
"I d-d-dunno what to say."
"Just say 'yes'."
"Umm, well, okay then; Yes!"
"That's a good boy." She said.  Leaning forward, she eased her brother's shorts 
down.  He helped her by pulling off his shirt.  As Logan's shorts pulled away 
from his prick, it bounced up and down, as if celebrating being allowed its 
freedom, and wanting so much to be touched by someone other than himself.  She 
kneeled in front of her brother and gazed at it for a moment.  
"Oh...  what a nice, big cock you have, bro." She cooed, while thinking to 
herself - "Good, it's not too big.  I should be able to suck this without 
choking on it."  Then, reaching around and holding onto his asscheeks for 
support, she took his throbbing cock deeply into her mouth in one swift suck.  
	Tabitha wasn't really very experienced at cock sucking.  She had done it 
only twice before with her ex-boyfriend, Eddie.  He would beg her to suck him 
off; but then, after he'd squirted his load, he'd go to sleep, which really 
annoyed her...
	Logan's hips rocked back and forth as his sister's tongue swirled around 
his cock.  Logan wished that the blowjob would go on forever, but in less than a 
minute of energetic sucking, Tabitha had brought him to the brink of orgasm.  
He grabbed Tabitha's head and fucked her mouth as he climaxed.  Hot jets of cum 
shot from his spasming cock and filled her mouth.  She swallowed each scalding 
bolt and sucked for more.  
	Logan's cock popped from her sucking mouth as he collapsed back onto the 
floor, his prick still half hard.  Tabitha wiped her lips on the back of her 
wrist while swallowing the last of his jism.  Dropping to her hands and knees, 
she crawled over beside her little brother.  She took his cock between her thumb 
and two fingers and stroked it up and down.  
	"You aren't finished yet, are you?"  She questioned Logan, with a sly smile.  
	"Not by a long shot.  What do I do next?"
	"I don't know...haven't gotten farther than the blow job."
	"You sucked someone's dick?"
	"Yeah, Eddie's.  A couple times."
	"Oh yeah, I remember him telling me that."
	"He told you?!?  That asshole!"
	"Yeah...  but I didn't tell anybody, he said he didn't either."
	"Good.  You want to know the reason I broke up with Eddie?"  
	"Sure."
	"Eddie always wanted me to suck him off, but he wouldn't return the favor."
	"You mean...  he wouldn't lick your pussy?  What an asshole!  Whenever I 
watched those women on the videos having their pussys licked, I've always wished 
that I could do that...  to you."
	"Oh, Logan!  Do you mean it?"  Tabitha gushed, as she peeled off her 
cutoffs and lay back on the couch.  "You'll lick my pussy for me?"  She brought 
her knees up spread her legs as far as they would go as her brother crawled up 
and knelt between them.
	"I've been dreaming of doing this as long as I can remember."  Logan 
admitted, "but I don't really know how to do it right.  Will you teach me?"  
Eddie brought his face down closer and closer to his sisters needing pussy.  
	"Just don't lick too hard,"  Tabitha advised.  "Pussies are sensitive."  
Then, pointing to the little bump where her puffy pink pussylips joined at the 
top of her cunt, she continued, "This is my clit.  It likes to be tickled very 
gently.  Don't forget my pussy lips, and the opening to my vagina.  And my 
asshole likes to be tickled, too.  Just lick me all over and I'll tell you where 
it feels the best."  She laid back and used her fingers to spread open the lips 
of her oozing slice.
	Logan took a deep sniff of the warm, musky scent that emanated from his 
big sister's excited pussy.  He felt his little cock give a throb, demanding 
attention, so he reached down and began stroking it gently as his tongue made 
contact with the hot, moist flesh of his sisters pussy.
	"Oh, Logan!  That feels wonderful!"  Tabitha exclaimed as her hips shot up 
off the couch, seeking deeper contact with her brother's warm, wet tongue.  
"Keep licking me.  I love it!"  As he continued to lick, he noticed that Tabitha 
had unbuttoned her blouse and had a hand inside it, stroking her breasts.  She had 
her head thrown back and her eyes closed.  She was moaning softly as he licked 
her most sensitive spots.
	Logan felt pride that he could make his sister feel so good.  He licked up 
and down and all around his sister's pussy, enjoying the delicious flavor of the 
juices that oozed from the heated interior, and the softness and smoothness of 
her most intimate flesh.  He could hardly believe his luck at being able to do 
this to his older sister, who he had worshipped for so long.  
	Even though he'd been surprised to hear his sister suggest that he lick 
her asshole, he even slipped his tongue down for a few quick swipes at it.  
Then, finding that it did not taste bad at all, he returned there several times, 
enjoying the crinkly puckered skin of the opening which felt funny, but nice, to 
his searching tongue.  He also savored the feeling of naughtiness at doing 
something so forbidden as licking his sister's butthole.
	"Oh, Logan!"  Tabitha moaned, after only a few minutes, "You're going to 
make me cum!  I can feel it!  Keep licking me!  Lick my clit, now.  That's it,  
faster...  more...  Oh, you darling lover!  Here I cum!"  Her body stiffened and 
her hips lifted up off the couch as she jammed her pussy against her brother's 
eager face.  
	Spasms wracked her slender frame, as the waves of her orgasm washed over her 
again and again, until she collapsed back down, exhausted.  She had to push her 
brother's head back, away from her crotch, as he continued to lap at the 
sensitive flesh of her spent pussy.  
	She pulled him up until his face was level with hers, then kissed and 
licked his face until every trace of her pussy juice was gone.  "You made me cum 
harder than I've ever cum before."  She admitted.  "You are a natural-born pussy 
licker."
	"Thanks."  Logan smiled proudly.  "Anytime." And he meant it.  
	Tabitha slid out from under Logan and moved him around on the couch until 
he was laying back full length.  She then straddled his stomach as she pulled 
her blouse the rest of the way off.  Her little nipples stood at attention at 
the tips of her perfect breasts.  Logan gazed at the perfect circles molded to 
her lithe body.
	"Whoa, are you cold?  You've got a couple of little hard-ons."  Logan reached up 
and tweaked her left nipple.  She gasped.
	"Oh, that happens when I get excited, too."
	"Oh...  want me to lick 'em?"
	"Would you like to?"  She leaned forward, offering her nipples to be sucked.
	He leaned up and took the left one in his mouth. "Ummm...."  He lapped his 
tongue up and down his sibling's tit, while his other hand massaged her unsucked 
breast.  Soon, he switched his mouth to her right nipple, and felt the moistness 
of his saliva on the left one as he stroked and pinched it gently.  
	Tabitha reached down and pressed the shaft of his dick flat against the moist 
folds of her pussy.  Even though it wasn't actually in her, she still got a 
tingle when she slid her cunny up and down it.  
	He continued to suck and caress her nipples, every minute or so switching sides.  
As Tabitha continued to move her pussy over his cock she could feel the wetness 
ooze from inside her pussy, lubricating the shaft of his cock as the heat built 
in her belly.  As she massaged herself with his erection, she soon felt the 
fires of lust burning at the opening to her cunt.
	"Stick it in!  Stick it in!"  She demanded, feeling the need to be filled 
by her brother's shaft.  
	"What?  What?  What should I do?"  
	"Stick your cock in me!  Fuck me!  Fuck me!"  
	"You're on top, you do it."  Logan pouted.
	Tabitha reached down and guided the head of his dick to the hungry mouth between 
her legs.  As soon as he felt the hot, wet flesh of her pussy opening come into 
contact with the tip of his cock, he quickly thrust his hips up off the couch, 
punching his dick into her tight pussy.  Even though Tabitha was technically a 
virgin, she had long since opened the way by masturbating with various penis-
shaped substitutes, including her mother's plastic vibrator, so she experienced 
no pain.  Logan smiled up at her as he bounced his hips up, driving his cock 
deep into her pussy a few times. 
	Tabitha pushed Logan's hips down flat on the couch.  "Just lay back, bro, 
and let your sis do all the work."  Sitting on his cock, she began rocking 
forward and back, working his cock in and out of her clasping sheath.  "Massage 
my tits while we fuck."  she instructed, as she reached forward and began 
stroking Logan's chest and tweaking his flat nipples.  "Gently.  Like this."   
Logan gladly followed her example and kneaded her exquisite titties as she 
fucked him. 
	After only a few minutes of fucking, Tabitha felt her orgasm building in 
her belly.  She began grinding her pussy into Logan's crotch and clawing his 
chest, squealing through her first climax from fucking.  She came, hard.  The 
spasms of her orgasm made her pussy clamp down rhythmically on her brother's 
cock.  To Logan, it felt as if a hungry mouth was sucking his cock, trying to 
suck all his cum out.  
	Logan's second orgasm of the evening crashed over him, making his little 
cock jerk and strain as it shot out another helping of cum, this time into the 
welcoming depths of his sister's hungry vagina.  
	Tabitha collapsed onto her brother, keeping his cock inside her tight 
pussy.
	"That was fun, bro."  She whispered into his ear.  "Wanna do it again?  
This time you can be on top."

