Archive-name: Bondage/latxsuit.txt
Archive-author: Anne Raymond
Archive-title: Latex Body Suit


This story was written by Anne Raymond and can be freely distributed
in any manner except that resulting in profit.


The latex body suit  slid  over  my  lightly  powdered  body  and
wrapped  itself  tightly  around  my  torso.   Its  bra pushed my
breasts up and out, an offering to the  demons  that  haunt  this
man.   I  rolled one silky black stocking and pulled it on with a
slow loving   movement, after I had it secured with  the  gar-
ters  of the latex suit I got its mate and prepared to repeat the
process.  Paul grabbed the stocking from my hand and told  me  to
extend  my  leg.  He bent over me and lightly teased my toes with
his tongue before he pulled on my stocking and fastened  it.   He
told  me to stand up so that he could get a good look at the out-
fit before I put the skirt on.

The shiny black skin of the body suit was a  perfect  medium  for
showing  off  the  muscular curves of my belly and shoulders.  My
arms looked strong and powerful in their shiny sleeves.  My  legs
and  hips  looked great with their whiteness accented by the dark
clothing and the frame provided by the  garters  which  stretched
toward  the  high cut sides of the suit.  I couldn't see the rear
view in my mirror but Paul's sharp gasp as I turned  around  told
me  that it looked pretty good, and I guess it would, my muscular
round ass probably looked great in the thonged body suit and  the
black  lines  of the garter against the white skin was sure to be
an eye pleaser, wish I had had a second mirror. The sleek, power-
ful  lines  of  my body would have been pretty tempting to anyone
who was interested in the form of enjoyment  my  outfit  implied.
Paul  said  he thought it would do.  He handed me the short latex
mini skirt and helped me balance  as  I  squeezed  into  it.   It
hugged the curve of my ass nicely and its hem fell just below the
top of my stockings.  It wouldn't take much for me  to  reveal  a
lot  of  what  this man was after.  That was good.  I didn't feel
like leaving anything to chance.

I put on the high, threatening heels that Paul held  out  for  me
and  I practiced walikng around in the bedroom.  I was a bit wob-
bly at first and since weakness was the last thing  I  wanted  to
convey  to  this man I worked hard at finding my balance.  Once I
had managed to walk with a powerful, confident stride I walked to
the  bathroom to complete my costume.  My make up was easy.  Pale
foundation, black eyeliner and blood red lipstick.  The hard part
came  when I tried to put on the long straight black wig.  My own
short black hair kept poking through and it made me  look  pretty
silly, and I did not want to look silly that night.  Paul came in
and tried to help but there was no way we were going to  be  able
to  get it right.  Without a word he left the bathroom, returning
a few minutes later with some hair clippers that he borrowed from
our neighbour.  I silently bent my head to him and he sheared off
all but a quarter inch of my hair.  I looked in  the  mirror  and
was   completely  taken a back.  The woman looking back at me was
not the Anne I knew.  The effect  was  very  startling  and  very
scary.  It was exactly the look we wanted, certainly the long black 
wig would have been a step down. I left it by the sink and followed 
Paul downstairs.

Doug was sitting on the couch waiting for us.  His brother, John,
was  in  the  kitchen getting himself a beer.  I knew Doug fairly
well and he has seen my body in a lot less at his cottage.  A lot
less  doesn't always mean a lot more exciting though and this was
obvious in his expression.  He  didn't  say  anything.   He  just
looked  at me with slightly glazed.  John return from the kitchen
and his exression mimiced that of his  brothers.   I  walked  the
length  of the living room so that the three men could get a good
look at me.  As I slowly turned around to stand in front of  them
with  my  hands  on my hips and my legs spread widely apart, Doug
whistled and said softly "that should work fine".  Then  he  Paul
and  John got there coats on and walked to the door.  I pulled my
leather jacket on and grabbed my dog collar fro m the table.   As
I  adjusted  it Doug told me that I could still back out if I was
scared or if I was even uncomfortable.

We headed out to the car.

John drove and Paul and I sat in the back.  Doug talked  to  John
about  little  things but for the most part the drive was silent.
We made it to the bar in about fourty five  minutes.   It  seemed
like  hours  though,  as I began to feel more and more uneasy. We
sat in the car after we reached the parking lot.  John  carefully
went over what he had told me before.  He described the man, what
he was wearing, where he usually stands and what  he  likes.   He
asked me if I thought I could manage.  I said that I was positive
given that I knew so much about him, a seduction  would  be  easy
and I was sure I looked like his dream date.  The others agreed.

Paul got out of the car and headed into the bar.  The man  didn't
know him so he was an obvious choice.  I waited a few minutes be-
fore I went in. Before I left Doug once again  told  me  that  he
really appreciated what I was doing and that they would make sure
I didn't get hurt.

I walked into the bar with long powerful steps, I  stood  at  the
doorway  allowing  my  eyes time to adjust to the dimness and the
smoke.  I found Paul first and then turned to the spot John  said
the  man  would be.  He was there dressed exactly as John said he
would be, black suit, red tie and a white shirt.  We both  looked
out  of  place  in  the place.  Most of the patrons looked pretty
casual.     As I stood in the doorway waiting for him  to  notice
me  I   noticed that most of the men in the bar had their eyes on
me, I also noticed that most of their women were moving closer to
them, talking faster and holding on to them.  Good! I looked like
a threat.

He was talking to a young woman in  a  short  flowery  dress,  he
still  hadn't noticed me.  The woman would be easy to get rid of.
She was clearly not his type anyway.  I pulled my cigarettes  out
of  my  purse and just as I had put one to my lips a man appeared
from nowhere and held his lighter up for me.  I glanced  over  at
Paul  and saw him wink.  I lit my cigarette and dismissed the man
without so much as a thankyou. The other man, my  game,  had  no-
ticed  me  by  this  time and I am sure my dismissal was just the
kind of thing he would find appealing.  I looked toward  him  and
held  his  gaze.   After  a while he looked away, good again.  He
knew who was stronger, this would be easy.

I walked over to him and the woman.  I stepped  in  between  them
and  told  him  that I was drinking scotch and water (his drink -
John had told  me).   He  quickly  ordered  one  from  a  passing
waitress.   The  other woman must have realized she was being re-
placed because she left right away.  I turned to look at him  and
as  I  studied  his  face I realized that I was expecting someone
much uglier.  This man was  actually  very  good  looking  (money
probably  makes  it easier to stay pretty).  He was also studying
me and I knew he liked what he saw.  He was smiling and very  an-
imated.  After the waitress had returned with our drinks he asked
me what my name was.   I  told  him  that  it  couldn't  possibly
matter.  I didn't ask his -I already knew.

He talked to me about the bar, he told me he owned it (I knew al-
ready  of  course).   He  asked  me if I liked it, if I liked the
music.  I told him that I wasn't interested in music and that  it
must be obvious to him what I was interested in.  He said that it
was and asked me how much I wanted.  I told him 500  dollars  for
an  hour  and there was no sex involved.  He said it sounded rea-
sonable and that he  would  think  about  it.   I  knew  that  he
wouldn't  take  long  to  think.   He chatted about other things,
nothing of interest though and I was being  careful  to  let  him
know that he was boring me.  At one point he accidentally stepped
on my toe and I scowled at him and told  him  that  he  was  very
fucking  clumsy  and  he was going to have to pay more because of
it.  Then I told him that he needed someone to make him be a  bit  
more careful with his feet.

That was the right ploy.  He said he had a  few  things  to  take
care  of  and he would be back in a few minutes then we could go.
I looked at my watch and said that would be fine.   After he left
I  ordered  another  drink  from the waitress and told her he was
paying.  I looked over at Paul and nodded.  He walked toward  the
door,  still  inside  but  he  was ready to leave when we did.  I
waited for the man, ignoring the advances of all of the young men
who  wanted the fantasy that I was presenting.  It occurred to me
that if I really was into that I could have made a fortune there.
But that wasn't what this was about.

The man returned and guided me toward the door.  As we walked to-
ward  his  big  car I saw Paul get into a cab.  I told the man to
hurry because I was getting cold, I also told him that being cold
made me angry and he was going to be in big trouble if I felt any
more uncomforatble.  He hurried toward the car and quickly opened
my  door for me.  We headed toward his apartment with Paul's taxi
following.

I was surprised at how easily things were progressing.  I expect-
ed  more of a challange from this guy.  He was certainly more ex-
perienced in this kind of thing  than  I  am  and  I  would  have
thought  his  frequent  trips  to  New York had made him familiar
enough with the idea of hired  women  that  he  would  have  seen
through me.  I guess desperation makes people a bit blind though.
We walked into his apartment building and waited by the elevator.
I  saw  a red glove on the floor just to the left of the elevator
door.  Doug and John had told me to watch for it and its presence
was  very  reassuring.  As we entered the elevator Paul walked in
the building.  I told the man to hold the  door  for  him.   Paul
walked  in and pushed 11, we were going to 12 so he wouldn't have
far to walk.  He kept glancing at my legs on the way up.  The man
was also looking at them so even if Paul had been doing something
else it wouldn't have mattered much.

After Paul got out and the doors shut behind him I told  the  man
that I expected he would have what i needed there.  He assured me
that everything was available. Of course it was, I knew that too.

After we entered his sumptious apartment I told him  to  go  into
the  bedroom  and get everything out while I had a drink and made
myself comfortable.  He was to get dressed and wait for  me.   He
asked  me  what he was supposed to wear.  I told him that I liked
pretty blonds in pink frilly silk babydolls.  He liked that  idea
(I  already knew he did) and I thought he would come in his pants
he looked so excited.  He obediently trotted off to  the  bedroom
after  showing me where the drinks were.  I poured myself one and
walked to the door. Paul, John  and  Doug  silently  entered  the
apartment  and  moved  to the dining room.  The sound of my voice
hid the noise made by the door as I loudly asked the  man  if  he
was ready.

He said he wasn't ready, he still needed a few minutes.   I  told
him  it  was  too bad he was so slow I wasn't prepared to be kept
waiting by such a pathetic little creature.  I walked toward  the
bedroom  and  valiently hid the disgust I was feeling as I looked
at the pathetic display.  The man was  naked  except  for  frilly
pink  panties  and  a  blond pony tail wig which was on  slightly
crooked.  His grey chest hair was matted with sweat and his flab-
by  belly  hung over the top of the panties, already bulging with
his feverish excitement.  I walked into the  room  and  told  him
that he was a very bad little girl and I was going to teach him a
lesson.

"Good little girls don't let people walk into  their  rooms  when
they  don't have a shirt on do they?  You have to be punished for
this or you will turn into a bad little slut. I  think  I  should
show you why good little girls keep their shirts on."

I walked over to him and roughly pinched one of his nipples.  The
feel of his thin, old skin revolted me.  I reached behind him and
grabbed a short riding crop that was amongst the goodies that  he
had  spread  out  on  the  top of his dresser.  I hit him sharply
across the chest.  Three hard, fast blows were enogh to  get  him
wimpering.

"Please, stop! I'll be a good little girl, I promise."

"Shut up you little slut, I will decide when to  stop.   You  are
bad,  and  very stupid, I know whats best for stupid little sluts
like you."

His erection strained the pink fabric and I could see that he was
becoming more and more excited.  This had a strange effect on me.
I thought back to why I was there, I remembered the reason he was
now  getting  his  chest  whipped  and I grew furious.  I hit him
harder and harder until thin lines of blood were visible all over
his old, ugly chest.  He was starting to look pretty scared and i
was afraid he would call it off so I stopped.

I sat down in a high winged back black leather chair, I spread my
legs  wide and told him to come and sit between them.  When he sat
down I told him to look toward the floor and  to  keep  his  head
bent until I told him to look up.  This had the effect of further
humiliating him and allowing me to avoid seeing his ugliness.

I told him we were going to play a little game, we were going  to
talk about what bad girls do.  "Do you think that good girls know
how to be good by themselves?'

"yes." he relpied meekly.

"no they don't, they need instructions, they  need  to  know  the
kinds  of  things bad girls do so they don't do them."  I replied
and as he looked up at him I slapped his  face  with  the  riding
crop.   "You  keep  your  eyes  looking  down until I tell you to
move".

"Bad girls meet people in the bars and take them  home.  You  did
that so you are a bad girl aren't you?"

"I think that you should be punished for that.  You are going  to
have  to  be brave about this now, go over to the dresser and get
the paddle so that I can spank you, you bad little slut".

He did as he was told and returned to me with his eyes cast down-
ward, he handed me the paddle and laid across my lap as instruct-
ed.  As I started energetically beating him I  began  to  realize
that  I  was on my way to loosing control of the situation.  This
was not really what we had intended but it was pretty fun anyway.
I  heard  his  pathetic wimpers and that just made me angrier. He
begged me to stop, promising to be a good girl.  I thought of the
one  who had probably said the same thing to him years before and
my blows matched my increasing rage.

"Shut up you fucking little slug, I'll  decide  when  you've  had
enough" I told him as I pounded on his ass until my arm tired.

"Get off me and get over to the bed, I want you to  lie  down  on
your stomach."

He quickly did as he was told and I followed him, tying his trem-
bling body to the bed.  I got a gag from the dresser and a blind-
fold. Soon he was bound, blind, unable to scream.   He  was  com-
pletely  helpless, my job was done.  Except that I wanted to hurt
him more.  My disgust and hatred for this man had grown  into  an
intense  rage  and I was going to satisfy myself a bit before the
night was over.  I grabbed the cane from the dresser and let  him
feels its sting on his already red ass.

"I don't think you are a little girl at all.  I think you  are  a
nasty  old  man  and  I bet that nasty old men like you hurt nice
little girls don't you?"  He shook his head so I hit him  harder.
"Don't lie to me you filthy pig, you probably hurt lots of little
girls, I'll bet you'd hurt your own daughter if you had one."

Once again he denied it, his head shaking vigerously from side to
side.   "Oh  yes  you would, I know all about pigs like you. I'll
bet you made her dress up in clothes like mine and I bet you made
her do all kinds of things.  I'll bet you even shoved huge dildos
up her ass just to see how much they'd hurt her.  I think I'll do
that to you now and we'll see just how much it hurts you".

I took the biggest one I could find in his huge collection, moved
his pretty pink panties to one side and brutally shoved it up his
ass.

"I wonder how much that hurts, I don't think it hurts  enough,  I
think you want more, don't you you sick old man?"

Once again he shook his head and as he did I lifted my  arm  high
in the air and brought the cane down on his balls.  He jolted and
then trembled in fear.  It seemed to be worth repeating so I did.
Again  and  again  until he was ready to faint.  Since that would
take him away from what was still in store I stopped. I  was  sa-
tisfied,  the  pretty  pink panties were covered in tiny spots of
red.  His body was tensed with fear and he would have sore  balls
for days.  I was done.

"You are making me sick, you pathetic old  pig,  I  am  going  to
leave  the room for a while, just so I don't vomit from the sight
of you.  When I come back you will get more of this and its going
to  be  even  worse  so  you can think about that for a while.  I
don't think you are good enough for me to talk to you so  I  will
just say one more thing and then I will not speak to you again."

"Nice little girls do not deserve to be treated like I am  treat-
ing you now."

I walked out of the room and into the dining room.  Doug and John
and  Paul  were  there waiting for me.  I silently handed Doug my
latex gloves and the rest of us left.  Just as  we  were  closing
the door Doug was entering his father-in-law's bedroom.


Paul, John and I headed out into the night.  I was very hot  from
my  exertion  so I took off my jacket as I got into the back seat
of the car.  Neither man seemed to feel  much  like  talking.   I
guess  the moment was pretty serious.  We were all concerned that
Doug would go to far, and noone would blame  him  but  murder  is
murder.  We had all been careful not to leave finger prints and I
was pretty sure that my normal look was different enough from the
way  I  looked that night that no one in the bar would even dream
that I was the same person.  My hair grows fast too.  If Doug did
go  too far the cops would be looking for a dominating hooker not
a sociology professor from a prestigious university.     Besides,
they  probably  wouldn't look too hard.  They knew all about him.
He was just a rich, disgusting pig who preyed off young girls and
paid  hookers to beat him up.  I imagine they would not be at all
surprised to find his old, lifeless body tied to the bed  of  the
apartment he kept specifically to play these little games.

Anyway, Doug was smart enough to know when  to  stop.  We  didn't
have to worry too much.

When we finally made it back to our house Paul asked John in  for
a  beer.   I  was  slightly  surprised because I thought that the
night had been long enough and also because I  was  feeling  more
than  a little wound up from my ealier activities and I was look-
ing forward to a nice  relaxing  night  in  bed.   John  accepted
quickly.   I  guess it is easier to be with people if one is very
worried.

I should have changed into my normal  clothes  but  I  was  still
pretty high on the feeling of power I had felt.  I didn't want it
to end just then.  I sat on our low couch and my legs  were  well
displayed when Paul and John came into the living room with their
beers.  Paul sat beside me and John sat in a  chair  across  from
us.   As  they  drank  their  beer they talked about football and
baseball.  I was half listening and half reliving the  events  of
the  evening.  While they were talking about RBIs I was remember-
ing the feel of the cane in my hand, the look of the bastards ass
with  all  the  big  red welts and I was recalling the feeling of
power and control that I felt.  When I was actually with the  man
I  felt nothing but hatred and revulsion but afterwards it seemed
far more erotic.  I gently sqeezed my legs together as the tingle
began  to  get  stronger.  My movement was noticed, both men were
looking at my legs and baseball talk stopped.   Paul  started  to
grin  a  bit.  He walked into the kitchen to get more beer.  John
sat across from me trying to make small talk and keeping his eyes
on  my  face. I could tell he was having trouble and that made me
even more excited.  I let my legs relax a  bit  and  they  parted
slightly,  just enough for John to be able to see up the front of
my tiny latex skirt.

When Paul returned he was pretty quick in  assessing  the  situa-
tion.   He  handed  me a glass of wine and with a small wink said
that he thought I might be a little thirsty after my workout.  He
handed John his beer and returned to his place beside me.

"It sounded like she really enjoyed her  job  tonight  didn't  it
John?" he asked in a casual voice.

John looked a bit embarrassed but replied that it did indeed seem
that  way.   Paul  then  started  talking about how I got him in-
terested back in the bar.  He described my entrence and the  ease
with which I caught the bastard's attention.

"But, it isn't too surprising is  it?  She  sure  looks  tempting
tonight.  Stand up Anne, so John can get a good look at you."

I was a bit confused but I stood up  and  turned  around  slowly.
John  watched  closely.   Paul  said  that  I  looked even better
without the skirt.  He told me to take it off. By now, the powder
was  all  absorbed into my skin and I was hot and sweaty.  It was
difficult to take it off and Paul reached over to help.  He slow-
ly  rolled the top down and pulled the tight band off my hips and
down my legs.  I was facing John and I could see he really  liked
the  way  I  looked  without the skirt on.  Paul told me I should
show him the back.  I turned my ass toward John and  looked  into
Paul's eyes.  He looked back, calming my fears with another wink.

I sat down next to him and tried to change the subject.  Paul had
other ideas.

"John, did you hear her say something about bad girls picking  up
people in bars?" John nodded and Paul asked if he remembered what
happened to bad girls that picked people up in bars.   John  said
it  sounded  like they got spanked. They were both grining widely
by this time and I guessed that I was in for it.

"I think you can probably handle that John. Anne, go  lie  across
Johns  knee."   I  glared at him but it had no effect.  Besides I
was pretty excited by the evening and it did seem like a  reason-
able thing to do.  As I got into the position I could feel John's
hardness against my hip.  He lifted his hand and brought it  down
softly  on  my  ass.   Paul told him that it had sounded like bad
girls got treated a bit more roughly.  He agreed and followed  up
with  several  hard slaps on my bare ass, occasinally hitting the
latex straps that held up my stockings.

John stopped well before it was necessary for him to do  so.   It
was  obvious that he had other things on his mind.  He started to
rub my burning ass gently and Paul got up and walked  toward  us.
He said he thought that I had learned my lesson but that I should
see what bad girls do so I don't do it in the  future.   He  took
his  cock  out of his pants and told me that bad girls would suck
it.  I took his big cock in my mouth as John continued rubbing my
ass.

After a few minutes John said he thought that bad girls  probably
got  fucked while they were giving head.  Paul agreed and told me
to get off of Johns lap and to stand up and  bend  over  so  that
John  could  help  out with the lesson.  I did as I was told, all
the while keeping my mouth around Pauls cock.  John moved  behind
me  and, after moving the latex thong out of the way, pushed him-
self into me.  His movements were strong and  forceful.   He  had
obviously  been  taken  in  by the violence of the evening and he
roughly pounded himself into me.  It felt great and soon my mouth
on  Paul's  cock  was following the same tempo.  We were all very
excited so it didn't take long for any of us.  I was the first to
come but John and Paul were quick to follow.

We fell together onto the floor.  Paul held my head  in  his  lap
and  gently stroked my shorn head.  John returned his hands to my
ass and soothed my sore cheeks with soft  feathery  touches.   We
were  all  feeling relaxed  after  what  had  been a very highly
charged evening.  Sleep was close for all three of us.

The sound of the door opening woke  me.   Doug  walked  into  the
room.   His  eyes  were blazing with the feeling of power and ex-
citement that I had felt just a while before.  He assured us that
he  had kept things reasonable and that the bastard was alive and
would just be pretty sore for a while.  His knees were ugly  any-
way  so  it  wouldn't matter that much that they were broken.  He
said that I should call the police in the morning  so  that  they
could go over and release him.

While he spoke to us I could see his gaze going across  my  body.
His eyes told me that he had still more energy and that his sense
of power was still at its height.  Paul looked at him and  nodded
and  he  and  John  got up from the floor as Doug came over to me
with his hands still in the latex gloves and a broken riding crop
raised above my ass.

-- 
