Copyright © 1997, (Double Secret Author),  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





"My Tape recorder diary", by Laurie Robertson

	Friday night. I'm going to start telling my tape recorder everything, 
just like it was a diary. Tonight I was all ready for bed and I was waiting 
for the bathroom to be free because I had to do a pee pee really bad.  I 
knew I should have gone before Daddy went in to take his bath but I just 
didn't think. I felt a little warm stuff squirt out and my hand was all wet 
where I was holding onto my pee place and I said The pee is coming out 
Daddy hurry up.  So I opened the door and went in and showed Daddy 
my nightgown was all wet and  I pulled it off over my head and sat down 
on the toilet. I had to pee so bad and the pee came out so fast it sort 
made a hiss like a snake and splashed against the side of the toilet.  
Daddy said You look like you're playing games with your pee! Do you 
like doing that? and I said I don't know I never did it before. It felt really 
good to pee after I had to go so badly I said. Then I wiped my pee pee 
and dried it off and left Daddy in peace.

	Saturday night. Tonight I was doing my homework and I 
remembered how I had to pee last night when my Daddy was taking his 
bath. The more I thought about it the more I felt like I wanted to pee again.  
Then I heard him come upstairs and go into the bathroom and run the 
bath. Maybe it was the sound of the running water that made me have to 
pee again even worse. I squeezed my legs together and kept the pee in 
and it felt sort of nice to hold it in like that. I wonder how long I can hold it 
in I thought and when it felt like it was going to come out I put my hand 
over my pee pee and pushed on it and it kept the pee in. The more I held 
it, the nicer it felt, sort of a tingly feeling. But after awhile it felt like I was 
going to pee by accident again like the night before, only this time I was 
wearing my skirt and underpants and everything. I held it as long as I 
could and then I went to the bathroom door and banged on it like before. 
	I have to go really bad I said So come in then he said and just as I 
ran into the bathroom the pee squirted out into my underpants and ran 
down my leg, all warm.  I was so surprised the pee stopped coming out 
and I lifted up my skirt and looked under it at my underpants and so did 
my Daddy. My underpants were all wet over my pee pee and I could see 
my pee pee crack right through them like they weren't there at all.  I 
relaxed a little and my pee pee relaxed too and some more pee came out 
while I was standing there! My underpants got wetter and some more pee 
went down my leg.
	  I said that feels funny Daddy, sort of a nice warm feeling. He said 
Well if you like the feel of peeing in your underpants, see what it feels like 
to do a whole pee in them. Okay I said and I took my skirt and T shirt off 
so they wouldn't get wet and got onto the toilet just wearing my 
underpants. I said Here it comes Daddy and he sort of lifted up and 
looked over at me and I looked down at my pee pee and held my legs 
apart and then relaxed and let the pee come out.  It felt all funny and 
warm because it sort of filled up my underpants a little and pushed them 
away from my pee pee crack before it ran out into the toilet in a sort of 
goldy stream. 
	Does that feel nice honey? asked Daddy while I was still peeing 
and I said Oh yes it's lovely and hot! I made the pee slow down then and 
just dribble out so it would last longer. I'm just peeing a little now Daddy I 
told him, it feels nice when I let the pee come out slowly.  I pulled the 
middle part of my underpants off to the side so he could see my pee pee 
and the pee coming out of it. I can't see it very well, he said, because 
your peehole is inside your pee pee , so I spread my legs wide apart and 
held my pee pee parts apart so he could see my pee hole. See Daddy, I 
said and I let a little pee dribble out my pee hole, see I can make my pee 
stop and go. Well so you can, he said, looking really close, do it again, 
and I let the pee come out just in a little dribble and then in a faster 
stream while my Daddy watched.  What does it feel like when you let it 
come out slowly and it dribbles down over your pee pee ,  he asked, 
Does it make it nice and warm? Yes I said and I leaned back so the pee 
would dribble over more of my pee pee before it dropped off into the 
toilet. After I finished doing my pee  I went and got ready for bed.
	 Sunday:This morning after breakfast Tracy my new Mommy said 
to me Your Daddy was telling me how you peeds in your underpants last 
night, maybe you peed in them because they  are too small and you 
need new ones.  I think I have to pee now, I said, Shall I show you?  I like 
Tracy because she's only 21, nearer my age of eleven than my real 
Mommy and she's pretty, too. Daddy married her after my own Mommy 
ran off with the Minister last year. I told her how I was holding my pee in 
because it felt good and how I held onto myself by my pee pee and 
showed her how I did it. I peed when I came into the bathroom I said and 
she said Wait a minute I can't see if you have your skirt on, can I, better 
take it off, and your T shirt too, we don't want to get them wet, do we. 
	So I took off everything except my underpants and she sat on a 
chair and watched me. Stand in the bathtub she said, then it won't matter 
how much you pee. I relaxed my muscles and looked down and let a little 
squirt of pee come out into my underpants. Ahhh, I said and she said 
Does that feel nice? and I said Ooo yeah! It's all hot and tickly and it's 
getting my underpants all wet and warm. I can see right through your 
underpants Tracy said, and the pee is making them stick to your pee pee 
crack. I know I said, that's the way it way when I did it last night when my 
Daddy was here. 
	I let some more pee come out and dribble down my leg and then I 
said, Oh it feels so good to pee like this! I'm going to do it all while I stand 
here, can I? I faced her while she knelt in front of me. This way I can see 
better she said and I said Okay and  let the pee come out some more. 
Yes, those underpants could be the problem, she said, I think I'd better 
see how it is without them, shall I? You mean pull down my underpants 
and watch me pee without them on? I said. Yes, she said, is that okay? 
Sure I said, I've never peed standing up before, when my Daddy 
watched me the other night I was sitting on the toilet, and then I stopped 
peeing while Tracy pulled down my underpants and I kicked them off. 
	Now you can pee again she said and I looked down at my bare 
naked pee pee and saw the pee dribble out and down my legs all warm 
like before. This is fun I said and she said it feels nice, doesn't it, and I 
said Yes and she said do it a bit faster, see if you can make it come out 
higher up on your pee pee . So I tried but the pee hit my pee pee lips and 
dribbled down like before. It's no good I said It hits my pee pee so Tracy 
said Well hold your pee pee lips apart and then the pee won't hit them so 
I squatted a little with my legs a bit apart and used both hands to pull my 
pee pee crack parts apart so the pee wouldn't hit them. Ah, that's better 
she said, I can see it much better now, I can see your peehole all open 
with the pee coming out of it, just like your Daddy told me you showed 
him last night. 
	It feels funny to pee standing up like boys do, because I had seen 
my Daddy peeing sometimes. I made the stream go in different places 
and then it ran out. I felt all funny peeing while Tracy watched me, sort of 
naughty but it felt good to have someone else watch me do it, just like I 
liked my Daddy watching me. I like you watching me pee, I said to her. 
Do you, she said, well that's good because I like watching you pee. It 
makes my pee pee feel all funny I said, does it do that to you? Yes she 
said, you're right, it does. It felt all funny and nice when my Daddy 
watched me do it too, I said. Well said Tracy I think you need some new 
underpants all right, I will talk to your Daddy about it and we'll see about 
getting some. I washed myself off and went to bed.
	Monday: Tonight I played peeing games all by myself. I knew I had 
to pee really badly when it was time to have my bath, but I didn't go on 
purpose, I just lay in the nice warm water and thought about how nice it 
had been when I peed into my underpants and my Daddy and Tracy 
watched me, and then when I peed just a little at a time. When I couldn't 
hold it any longer I lifted my legs up and spread them to the sides so my 
pee pee crack wouldn't get in the way of my pee, then I held my pee pee 
crack open and let the pee come out while I watched it. It came out in a 
big arch, and squirted up from my pee pee and down at the bottom of the 
tub. Peeing felt really good, and I put my head down as far as I could so I 
could watch it come out of my peehole. 
	I put a finger by my peehole and touched just next to it and it felt 
nice so I touched all around it while I peed and it felt even nicer.  I held a 
hand in front of the stream of pee and felt how warm it was, then did it 
with both hands and pretended I was washing them! It was fun because 
the stream of pee was all hot and goldy colour. It's fun playing peeing 
games, but I wished I could have showed my Daddy how I could make 
my pee go up in the air. So after I finished my bath and had my 
nightgown on I found him and Tracy sitting on the couch in the TV room. 	
	Oh Daddy I said tonight I had to go pee when I was having my 
bath and I lay back and held my pee pee open and let the pee come out 
and it made a big arch thing like a rainbow, Daddy, only it was all yellow, 
not rainbow colours. You should have seen it! Daddy smiled at me and 
said Well yes I guess I should have and Tracy said Show us how you did 
it, Laurie. Well I don't have to pee now I said and my Daddy said That's 
good because we don't want pee in the family room, do we and we all 
laughed. No, Tracy said, just lie down on the floor and pretend you are in 
the bathtub and show us how you did it. Okay I said but I wasn't wearing 
my nightdress and Tracy said Okay, take your nightdress off so we get 
this right, and I pulled my nightdress off over my head. My you are a 
pretty girl said Tracy, isn't she Jim and my Daddy said She sure is, she 
will be a real beauty just like you when she grows up. It felt funny for my 
Daddy and my new Mommy to be looking at me all bare naked and 
telling me how pretty I was. 
	I'll show you how I did the pee I said and I lay down on the floor in 
front of them and put my legs up and to each side. Why did you do that 
asked Tracy and I said To keep the pee from hitting my pee pee when it 
came out, and Tracy said that's a good idea, did you hold your pee pee 
crack open too like when you were showing me how you pee? and I said 
Yes, like this and I showed them. Tracy looked at me and looked at how 
my Daddy was looking at me and said What else did you do honey and I 
said I touched my pee pee right by my peehole and I showed them where 
my peehole is. Your peehole is kind of small, said Tracy, We'll look close 
at it and you see if you can make it open up so we can see it better so 
they got right by my pee pee and I touched my peehole all over and 
moved my fingers around on it and it felt nice. 
	 I let my pee hit my hands and I felt how nice and warm the pee 
stream was, I said, so I pretended I was washing my hands in my pee. 
That sounds like fun, said Tracy, I'll try that some time myself. I wish you 
had been there to watch me I said and Tracy said Well next time, call us, 
right Jim and my Daddy looked at her in a funny way and said Sure. 
Then I kissed them goodnight and went to bed.
	Tuesday:  This afternoon when I came home from school Tracy 
was sitting watching TV. Hi Laurie she said How's my favourite fifth 
grader today. I went in and sat beside her and she asked me all about 
school, how many kids were in my class, was my teacher nice, and stuff 
like that. She was wearing tight jeans and a T shirt and it was pretty tight 
too because her titties made great big bumps underneath it. She pressed 
her hand against the front of her jeans over her pee pee and said Ooo I 
really should go and pee! I've been drinking coffee and it really makes 
you pee. She asked me if I had ever seen any of the girls at school 
peeing and I shook my head No and she asked me if I ever see the other 
girls in your class with no clothes on and I said Yes sure when we are 
getting changed for gym class and she asked me what they look like and 
I told her that they are just like me only a couple of the older girls are 
starting to get titties and one of them has a little bit of hair just above her 
pee pee . I think it's nice that Tracy is interested in my school.
	 I said Mandy Davis always walks around a lot when she hasn't 
got any clothes on when we are getting ready for gym class. She's a little 
older than me and her titties are starting to grow and stick out and  
bounce a little under her T shirt, but they're only little really. They're 
bigger than mine, though. Tracy told me that my titties will start to grow 
soon because my nipples are all big and puffy and you can see where 
the little bits of fat are starting to come to push them up off your chest.  I 
looked down at myself and then over at her and said When did your titties 
start to grow? and she said When I was eleven, just your age, and I got 
my first bra soon after that. Then she said she had to pee and I thought 
how I had liked her watching me when I peed, and I said Can I come and 
watch you pee?  Okay then, sure, come on, she said so we went into the 
bathroom. 
	Tracy took her jeans off so they wouldn't get in the way. She had a 
thin sort of gauzy underpants on, really just a triangle of stuff over her pee 
pee , with elastics that went around her waist and her legs  to keep it in 
place. I could see her  blonde pee pee hair and even her pee pee crack 
right through them! Tracy said they weren't really pants at all, and she 
turned around and bent over and the back was just an elastic that went 
into the crack of her bum and joined the triangle part at the bottom. 
	Tracy said she had to pee and I felt like I had to, too, so Tracy said 
we could both do it. I took off my jeans and Tracy said we'd better take off 
our T shirts so they don't get wet by accident. I sort of wanted to see 
Tracy's titties because they're so nice and big. She took off her T shirt 
and just had her bra and her little underpants on. Her bra was the same 
sort of gauzy stuff that her underpants were and I could see her nipples 
all big and a pinky colour. She saw me looking at her titties and I said I 
hope mine get that big when I'm a big girl and she laughed and said Well 
I'm sure they will because when I was your age mine were just like yours, 
just big puffy nipples. She took her bra off in case it got all wet  and her 
titties were all bare and all big and round and jiggly. She posed different 
ways and bent over and let them hang down from her body and swing 
and her nipples got all hard and poked out. It was really nice of her to let 
me look at her titties as much as I wanted to.
	I think I'll do what you did the other day, she said, and pee in my 
underpants at first, anyway, and she stepped into the tub. I got in with her 
in case I had to pee at the same time. I sat down on the bottom of the tub 
right in front of her with my head at the same level as her underpants. 
Tracy said  Here it comes and suddenly there was stuff dripping out at the 
bottom of her panties and running down her leg. Aaah she said  it's all 
hot! Feel how hot it is! I touched the stream of pee at the top of her leg 
and she said I don't think my underpants are holding any of it, you'd 
better take them off like I took yours off the other day. I reached up and 
pulled her underpants down and off. The hair on her pee pee was all 
pale wispy blonde and it was quite short and all wet at the bottom from 
her pee. I could see her pee pee crack underneath it much better than 
before.
	Her pee dribbled out the bottom of her pee pee crack and down 
her leg. She squatted a little and pulled her pee pee crack apart with 
both hands. Can you see my peehole? she asked and her pee pee was 
right in front of my face and I looked carefully and said Yes the pee 
should come out all right now and she said Oh good and I saw her pee 
pee hole open and some clear liquid come out and dribble down over 
the rest of her pee pee and drop straight down in between her legs. 
	I thought of something and said Remember the other night I told 
you how I peed onto my own hands and pretended I was washing them? 
Can I wash my hands in your pee? Sure, said Tracy and she giggled, go 
ahead, and I put my hands under her pee pee and held them so she 
peed all over them and I moved them like I was washing them. Oh, that's 
nice, I said, your pee is all nice and hot and tingly. Do you want to wash 
your face too? asked Tracy and I said Gee I never thought of that, I 
wonder what it would be like and she said Try it and see if you like, so I 
cupped my hands and got some pee in them and then lifted them up 
towards my face and then I put my face down into my hands and got it all 
wet with Tracy's lovely hot pee. Mmmm I said that feels lovely and I put 
my tongue out and tasted it a little and it tasted sort of spicy and salty. 
	Mmm I said and Tracy said Do you like the taste of my piss? I 
thought Wow she called it piss, that's naughty, and I wanted to be 
naughty too, so I said, Yes, your piss tastes nice and she laughed and 
said You like my piss, do you and I said Yes it's great and she said It's 
fun playing pissing games and playing with our piss, isn't it? If you like I'll 
give you a nice Golden Shower and I said What's that? and she said 
That's where I pretend I'm a shower and you put any part of you that you 
want under the shower. 
	Wow, yeah! I said and I leaned forward and she pushed her pee 
pee forward and made the stream of piss come out faster, and I leaned 
forward some more and let it hit me all over my face and hair. It was in 
between warm and hot and I held my face up and let the stream hit me 
right on the face and moved it so that it splashed all over my cheeks and 
when the piss stream ran down over my mouth I put my tongue out and 
tasted it and it tasted so nice I tilted my head back and opened my mouth 
and let Tracy's hot piss go straight into my mouth. Wow she said you like 
that, don't you and I looked up at her and swallowed a little and nodded 
Yes and she said Okay I'll see how big a drink I can give you because I 
don't think there's much left. She squatted forward and pushed some 
more and I tipped my head back and let my mouth fill up with her pee pee 
juice. Then the pee stream stopped and she grunted and pushed and a 
couple of short squirts shot out and into my mouth. That's all she said, 
now you have a mouthful and I looked up at her and then closed my 
mouth and gave a big gulp and swallowed all her piss. Mmm I said that 
was nice, Tracy! You sure make a tasty drink! and we both laughed.
	Now it's my turn I said, I have to pee really bad, and I stood up. I 
took my underpants off and she said I'll lie down in the tub and you can 
piss on me wherever you want to, only save some because I want to 
drink your piss. Can I pee on your big titties I asked and she said Sure 
and I will hold them up for you and play with them while you do it and you 
can pee all over my pee pee too and I will hold the pee pee parts open 
so you can get your pee right inside it. So I knelt between her legs and 
she held her pee pee lips open and tipped her hips up and I pushed 
forward and made my pee squirt right out all over her peehole and near 
it. There was a place lower down where two little lips were on either side 
of an opening and she held them to either side with her hands and there 
was a hole going up inside her. Piss in my hole! she said and I aimed my 
pee at her hole and squirted it right up inside it. She said Oh wow wow 
wow when I did it and her hips went up and down so I had a hard time 
aiming. I wonder what her hole is really for?
 	Then she knelt up and I peed on her tits and got them all wet. I 
noticed that her  nipples were all hard and sticking out. She pushed her 
head forward and let my pee go all over her face and then she said Now 
for my drink and opened her mouth and tipped her head back. I'll give 
you a nice hot drink of lemonade I said and she giggled and some of my 
pee pee juice ran out of her mouth and down over her titties. She let her 
mouth fill up again and swallowed it and said Yum Yum you make nice 
Lemonade Laurie! She held onto herself in between her legs and I guess 
she was doing that to keep herself in one place while I peed into her 
mouth. Or maybe she wanted to keep the pee that I put into her hole 
inside it but I bet it ran out.
	When I finished peeing she looked at my pee pee right in front of 
her face and said Oh I love your pretty body with your little pee pee with 
no hair on it, I love to look at little girls with no hair on their pee pee s. I 
like it when you look at me I said and I like looking at you all naked too, 
specially your big titties because the girls at school don't have them like 
you have. You can look at them any time you want to said Tracy We can 
play a game she said and whenever we want to look at the other one we 
will say Titties or pee pee or Bum and the other one will show it, okay? 
Okay I said But what if Daddy is there. Oh I don't think he'll mind she said. 
Your Daddy told me he liked it when you showed him your pee pee when 
you peed the other night. It made me feel funny to know that my Daddy 
liked looking at my bare naked pee pee . 

Tuesday. This afternoon when I got home from school Tracy said Come 
on let's measure you and see about some new underpants. We went into 
my bedroom and I took off everything except my underpants and Tracy 
took off everything except her bra and underpants. We stood in front of 
the mirror and Tracy showed me how my pee pee bump stuck out and 
how my underpants went into the crack of my pee pee . Hers did to, and 
she put  her hand over her pee pee and showed me how tight it was 
under her pants. I held onto my pee pee too while she watched me. Then 
we lay on the bed and she said we had to find out if my underpants were 
too small. She said I'll show you what I mean, these underpants of mine 
are pretty small and I think I'm going to get some new ones too. 
	She lay down on the bed beside me and said Now watch me and 
put her hand inside the front of her underpants, down along her pee pee 
crack. See, she said, these are so tight my middle finger slips right into 
my pee pee crack, specially if my legs are apart like this. She spread her 
legs apart  but I said I couldn't see very well. Well she said, put your hand 
down the front of my underpants and you'll see what I mean. I had never 
touched another girl's pee pee before and I said so and she laughed and 
said that she would touch mine too and we would be even. So she 
spread her legs to the sides and I put my hand inside her underpants and 
felt all along her pee pee and right down to in between her legs and she 
said See how tight it is. It didn't really feel too tight to me but her hair was 
all soft  and it was nice and warm and I sort of liked touching her pee pee 
and I let my finger go into her crack and she said Yes that's right!, See 
what I mean, now feel farther down, in between my legs. Down in 
between her legs it was wet and I asked her if she had peed in her 
underpants but she laughed and said that sometimes her pee pee did 
that when she felt good. 
	Then she said to feel down the front of my own underpants and 
feel how much room there was for my hand. She said it was specially 
important for there to be lots of room over my pee pee because my pee 
pee bump would get bigger soon and we had to give it growing room. 
She said I could leave my other hand inside her underpants so I could 
compare the way they felt, so I felt down in the front of my underpants, all 
over my pee pee crack while she watched me. She asked me if there 
was room for my fingers to go along my pee pee without them slipping 
into my pee pee crack.  I opened my legs a little and let my finger go into 
my crack like it was in hers and felt all along both cracks at the same 
time. My pee pee was nice and warm like hers but there was no hair on 
mine to get in the way. 
	I told her they were pretty tight and she said Let me see, you take 
your hand out of your underpants and I will put mine in so I did. She felt 
down along my pee pee and she must have found my underpants very 
tight because she held onto my pee pee and her finger went into my 
crack and all down inside my crack and it sort of rubbed it up and down a 
little. It felt funny having another girl touch me on my pee pee but there 
was a place up at the top of my pee pee crack that felt funny and tingly 
when she touched it, and it felt like she was sort of touching my peehole 
with her fingertip. See how tight it is she said I can hardly reach down in 
between your legs and I opened my legs wider to make it easier for her. 
She touched me low down on my pee pee and it felt nice there too. Then 
she pulled her hand out
	Tracy said she was sure that we both needed new underpants and 
that we should take our old ones off and measure each other. I lay on my 
back with my legs apart and Tracy got a measuring tape and measured 
me all over, how big around my waist was, and then how big around my 
legs were right up at the top by my pee pee . I did the same for her and 
when she had her legs apart I looked at her all in between her legs close 
up.  Then we went downtown to get our new underpants. Tracy knew a 
salesgirl in one of the places and told her we both needed some new 
underpants. The girl's name was Joanna and she took us to a back room 
for a private fitting. While she was getting some underpants to try on 
Tracy told me that she and Joanna were good friends and she was a 
specialist at fitting underpants on girls and ladies. 	
	Tracy and I lifted up our skirts and showed Joanna our underpants 
and Tracy put her hand down the front of her underpants to show how 
tight they were. Then Tracy told Joanna that one of the reasons she had 
thought we needed new underpants was that the old ones were so tight 
we had peed in them. I was embarrassed but Joanna said there was a 
special kind of underpants we could get just for that sort of problem and 
she would model them for us. She went away and when she came back 
she lifted up her skirt and showed us and her underpants didn't have any 
bottom to them! They were all cut out over where her pee pee was and 
we could see her pee pee hair and her crack and everything. See she 
said when you have these on you can just pee without taking them off 
and the pee will come right out the open part. I don't believe you said 
Tracy and Joanna said okay I will show you come on and we went into 
the bathroom and she locked the door. I was excited at the thought of 
watching another girl peeing and my pee pee got tingly. 
	Joanna sat on the toilet and spread her legs wide apart and her 
pee pee crack was all opened up and we got down in front of her so we 
could see all inside it and her pee hole. Now watch she said and we 
watched and the pee came out her pee hole in a nice goldy stream and 
splashed down into the toilet. I held onto my pee pee while I watched 
because it tingled. When she was finished she said Now feel and see if 
any went on my underpants so Tracy touched her all over her pee pee 
and said No, they're not wet at all, feel Laurie so I felt her all over too but 
just her pee pee by her pee hole was wet, not her underpants. So we 
each put on a set of those too and when we stood in front of the mirror we 
could see all of our pee pee s showing through the hole in the front. Can I 
try it I asked and Joanna said Sure so I sat on the toilet and let them 
watch in between my legs while I peed. When I was finished they both 
touched me all over my pee pee and my underpants to make sure my 
underpants weren't wet. Then we watched while Tracy peed and felt her 
too. I bet Daddy will be surprised when I show him how I can pee without 
taking my underpants off.
	Then we went home and Tracy said we could get into the hot tub 
while we waited for Daddy to come home. We've only had it since last 
week and I was only in it once. I asked Tracy if I should get my bathing 
suit on like the other time I was in and she said No today we'll go in 
naked, that's much nicer and your Daddy and I do it that way so why not 
you and me. So we took off our clothes and got in and it was lovely and 
warm, and the water swooshed around us and made Tracy's titties move 
around in the water. She sat so they were only half covered and I liked 
looking at them and I sat up on a ledge and let my titty bumps stick out 
just at the edge of the water and it felt funny and I told Tracy that the warm 
water made my titty bumps feel nice.	
	Do they ever feel funny, sort of itchy? she asked me and I nodded 
Yes. Do you touch them? she asked me and I nodded again and I 
showed her how I liked to touch them when they were itchy and felt 
funny. She told me she used to touch hers the same way when her titties 
were starting to grow. My Daddy said that when you play with your titty 
bumps your titties grow nice and big she said. Her nipples were all hard 
again and she touched them and felt them like I was doing, rubbing them 
with her fingers and thumbs.  When I sat with my legs apart the water 
swished in between them and tickled my pee pee and made it feel nice 
and all like I had to pee and when I said that to Tracy she said Why don't 
you just stand up and pee right here and I will watch you like we did 
before. Okay I said and she said I think I need my face washed, you can 
wash my face with your nice warm piss. Sure I said and I stood up and 
held my pee pee open so the pee would come out properly and she bent 
forward and I peed all over her face and got her hair all wet. Aaah she 
said and then she leaned forward and said I need some nice hot 
lemonade now and I giggled. Here it comes then I said and she leaned 
forward more and tipped her head back and opened her mouth and I 
watched my pee come out of my pee pee and go right into her mouth. 
She let it fill all up and then swallowed it and let it fill up again. When I 
was finished peeing she said Aaah,  that was good lemonade, Laurie 
and we both laughed. 
	I think there's a drop or two still on your pee pee she said I'll just 
get the last drops and she leaned forwards and licked my pee pee right 
on my peehole! Ooo, it felt so good when she licked me there, I can still 
imagine the feeling. Wow! I said and she looked up at me and said does 
that feel good Laurie? and I said Oh wow yeah! and she said Why don't 
you just sit on the edge of the hot tub and spread your legs and I will lick 
your pee pee some more and make sure I have all your pee  out of it. 
Sure! I said and sat on the edge of the tub and sort of half lay back so I 
could see what she was doing. It felt so great when she was licking me I 
kept pushing my pee pee up towards her and she licked me all over it 
and tickled me with her tongue. I specially liked it when she licked it up at 
the top of my crack on my little bump there, I felt her gently using her 
fingers to hold my pee pee open more while she licked it. I felt really 
funny and all hot and my bum went up and down all by itself without me 
making it. It was like I was climbing a big mountain and then it was like I 
got to the top, and I felt wonderful and then I felt all tired and dreamy. 
Tracy stopped licking my pee pee and I said Oh wow that was great!
 	Just then Daddy came home. Hide on your Daddy! whispered 
Tracy, and called out, I'm in the hot tub, honey, come on in!  I slipped 
back into the tub and ducked my head below the rim and just above the 
water and heard Daddy come to the door and taking off his clothes. 
When he came close he said Laurie! and I sat up and said Surprise, 
Daddy! and he was all naked. I didn't know you were here, he said, 
Where's your bathing suit? because he could see my titties. I don't think 
we need to wear bathing suits when Laurie's here, honey, said Tracy, It's 
just us anyway. I was looking at my Daddy's thing he pees out of 
because I don't usually get to see it and he saw me and put his hand in 
front of it. You're not shy are you said Tracy like she was teasing and she 
kept playing with her nipples and he said No I guess not and took his 
hand away and I said Yeah Daddy you saw me with no clothes on when I 
was peeing and when I showed you how I peed and washed my hands 
in my pee pee juice. pee pee juice? he said and Tracy giggled and said 
That's what we call it sometimes, isn't it Tracy and I giggled too and said 
Yeah! Hot lemonade! and Daddy said What do you mean? and suddenly 
I noticed that the thing he pees out of was getting thicker and bigger 
around.
	Daddy got into the tub and sat down in between us. Tracy said 
Laurie had to pee while we were in the tub. That's right Daddy I said, 
remember I showed you the other day how I washed my hands in my 
pee? Yes said Tracy and today she gave me a nice facewash, didn't you 
honey. I nodded and Daddy looked at both of us and said Really? and 
Tracy said Sure, and then I was thirsty, so what did you do, Laurie? and I 
said I gave Tracy some nice hot lemonade, didn't I Tracy. You sure did 
she said and it was great, you should try some, Jim. Your little girl makes 
delicious lemonade in her body and she serves it hot from her pee pee ! I 
haven't got any left Daddy I said, not even a drop, because Tracy licked 
my pee pee and got the last drops out of it, didn't you Tracy and she said 
I sure did! Well said Daddy maybe sometime when I'm thirsty you will 
have some lemonade for your Daddy and I said Sure Daddy. After awhile 
it was time to get dressed and we had a race and I beat Daddy and 
Tracy. They  went into their room and they were sure a long time in there. 
I don't know why it took them so long to get  dressed.

Friday.	This afternoon after Tracy went to work and Daddy was 
home I remembered about my new underpants and I lifted up my skirt 
and showed him my pee pee poking through the hole in the front of my 
underpants. Why Laurie he said Where did you get those? and I told him 
that Tracy and I went down and bought them. I can pee without taking my 
underpants off Daddy, watch I said and I sat on the toilet and he watched 
me pee. See Daddy I said I didn't get them wet, feel! And he said You 
mean feel your pee pee ? and I said Sure see my underpants aren't wet 
and he felt my underpants and felt my pee pee too and he said You're 
right they're not wet at all. 
	A few minutes later I heard a funny noise from his room and I 
wondered if he was all right and I peeked around the corner of the door 
and Daddy had his shirt all open and his pants and underpants pulled 
partway down by his knees and a big long funny thing was sticking up 
from his middle where his pee thing usually is. Daddy was holding onto it 
with one hand and moving his hand up and down on it. I wondered what 
he was doing and what the funny long thing was. It was about eight 
inches long and an  inch and a half across and had a top like a 
mushroom only kind of purple. He made his hand go up and down faster 
and then he said Ahhh and some white stuff squirted out a hole right in 
the top of the thing and splashed onto some Kleenex that was on his 
chest.  I said Oh! and he heard me and looked over at me standing in the 
door watching him.
	 Laurie! Aaah! he said and he kept moving his hand up and down 
and more of the white stuff came shooting out. I went in and stood beside 
him and watched the stuff come out and he was looking at me while I was 
watching him. It sort of squirted in bunches, not all at once but one 
splurtch after another, flying through the air like the hard straight thing 
was spitting. What are you doing Daddy I asked I heard a funny noise 
and I thought you might be sick. What's that thing? Oh he said, Laurie, I'm 
all right, I'm fine and he kept moving his hand on it while he talked to me. 
The stuff had stopped shooting out now and was dribbling down over the 
end of the big hard thing. Then I saw that the thing he had been rubbing 
was really his pee thing only it was so much bigger and thicker than it 
usually is I didn't recognize it. 
	Oh Daddy I said that's your pee thing, isn't it? Why is it so big and 
hard like that? What were you doing to it? What's that stuff that came out 
of it? It looked like it was spitting.  He wiped the stuff off it with the 
Kleenex and said Oh my pee thing gets like that sometimes and when it 
does it helps if I make it spit up like you saw. See, now it's getting smaller 
and we watched it get all small and floppy. Gee Daddy that's neat I said
I wish my pee pee did neat stuff.

	Tonight we were waiting for Tracy to come home. She works 
somewhere downtown in the evenings.  I went and took my bath and I 
was just lying there feeling in between my legs and thinking how nice it 
had been when Tracy licked me on my pee pee and Daddy came to the 
door and asked if he could come in and pee so I let him in. I looked at his 
pee thing all soft like it was this afternoon after it spit the cream out. I had 
an idea and I said Hey Daddy can you give me a nice Golden Shower 
and he said What? and I said Tracy liked it when I peed onto her pee pee 
and I want to see what it feels like, how about it. Daddy looked at me sort 
of funny and said Well sure if that's what you want so he got into the tub 
and knelt down between my legs. His thing was bigger around than 
usual and sort of partly standing up by itself like when he was making it 
spit. Are you going to pee on my pee pee or make it spit on it? I asked 
him and he said Well you said you wanted me to pee on it so that's what 
I'll do, if you want it to spit on your pee pee we can do that later if you 
want. Okay I said now pee on my pee pee Daddy and he said Why don't 
you hold onto it and make the pee go where you want to it to go, just hold 
it like a hose. Okay then I said and reached down and held onto it. 
	Ah, he said, that's good and he started to pee and I could feel it 
going through his pee thing. I made it go all like a hose, all over my bare 
naked pee pee and it was all lovely and hot and tingly and I said This is 
fun, Daddy, it's like watering the lawn and we both laughed. I made it 
squirt at my peehole and on the bumpy place at the top and it felt lovely 
and I said Ooo, this is like when Tracy was licking me there! and then I 
remembered she wanted me to squirt my pee into her hole so I said 
Daddy I'll hold my hole open and you pee into it like I did with Tracy. He 
did and it felt really funny with his hot pee squirting up inside that funny 
hole of mine. My hips went all jerky and I felt all hot and like when Tracy 
was licking me and after I got the good feeling Daddy said Did you like 
that Laurie and I said Oh yeah! 
	While he was peeing his thing got bigger around and I saw it was 
longer too. Look Daddy I said your thing is getting bigger, look my hand 
won't go around it as far as it did before. It felt funny to hold it because I 
could feel it getting all hard inside like it was growing bone. Then the pee 
stopped coming out and I took my hand off it and if stuck out all by itself! It 
wasn't as big as it had been when it was spitting, but sort of in between, 
sort of long and thick but a little droopy. Oh Daddy I said is it  going to spit 
again? I don't know he said then I said Now I have to pee, Daddy and he 
said Well why don't you pee and then if my pee thing is still hard I guess 
it'll have to spit up in order to get better. 
	So I got on the toilet and then I thought My Daddy could help me 
pee just like I helped him so I said Can you help me pee Daddy and he 
said Well, okay, how do you want me to help you? How about if you 
kneel down and hold my pee pee lips apart so the pee doesn't hit them I 
said. Okay he said and knelt down and he put both his big hands on my 
pee pee lips and held my pee pee open. You better make sure the pee 
comes out all right I said so I peed while Daddy held my pee pee open 
and watched the pee come out of me and when I was finished and he 
stood up his thing had got all big and hard like it was this afternoon! It 
stood straight out in front of him poking up a little even. Wow Daddy I said 
That's really neat look its all big and hard. Is it going to spit now? 
	No, said Daddy, I guess it's going to spit, but it's not ready to spit 
yet. It likes to be touched gently and played with, like one of your dollies. 
You mean like when I saw you making your hand go up and down on it? I 
asked him. Yes he said and I said I bet I could do that Daddy, can I try? 
Please please please? Daddy laughed and said Well I guess you could if 
you wanted to. We can make the stuff go on your titty bumps. If you rub 
the creamy spit into your nipples it will make your titties grow nice and 
big, like Tracy's. Oh Wow yeah! I said and he said okay then I'll show you 
how so he showed me how to hold onto his hard thing and move the 
loose skin on it up and down. I used both hands because it was so big.	
	After I made the skin go up and down for a few minutes Daddy 
started to breathe funny and his middle went back and forth and I asked 
him if he was okay. Sure he said just keep doing that because it's going 
to spit soon. So I kept on and suddenly Daddy said Aaah! and the white 
stuff started to come out the hole in the end, in bits and splashed all over 
my titty bumps and my tummy. Wow look Daddy, it's spitting! I said and he 
said I know honey keep doing that and we both watched the spit come 
out and splash in big blobs and run down my front. Daddy said I was a 
very smart girl to be able to make his thing spit like that and he helped 
me rub the creamy stuff into my titty bumps to make them grow nice and 
big like Tracy's.  		

	Wednesday. This afternoon after Daddy came home we went into 
the hot tub and it felt all funny with the water swooshing around my titty 
bumps and I touched them. I told Daddy that Tracy says her Daddy told 
her that if she played with her nipples her titties would get nice and big. 
Daddy asked me if I was going to play with my nipples and make my 
titties grow big and I giggled and said Yes. He watched me play with 
them for awhile and then he said he would help if I wanted him to and so 
we both touched my nipples and all over my titty bumps and it felt funny 
when he played with them. Do you think Tracy's Daddy played with her 
titty bumps like you are doing Daddy I asked him and he said Well I never 
thought of it before but I bet he did. I bet he did, too, he said. He stood up 
to reach for a towel and I said Oh my goodness Daddy Your thing is all 
big and hard again. Well what do you know he said So it is! What shall 
we do about that? he asked. I know I said I will make it spit up and lie 
down again, just like yesterday. 
	Okay he said you can dry me off and I will dry you if you like so I 
dried Daddy and he said Make sure you get that thing of mine nice and 
dry so it will spit properly so I rubbed it a lot with the big fluffy towel and 
then he dried me too. Daddy dried me off well, specially my titty bumps 
and my pee pee and I put my foot up on the bench so he could dry me in 
between my legs and when he rubbed me dry there it sort of tickled and I 
liked it. Then I said Lets go do it in the bathroom because I liked it when 
you made the spit go all over my titties and we rubbed it in. So we went 
into the bathroom so we could make his thing  spit up and lie down. 
	I sat on the toilet and rubbed his thing and made the spit come out 
and go on my titties and then we rubbed it into them. When we had 
finished that Daddy's thing was droopy and he said I have to pee and I 
said O goody Daddy I will hold it and squirt it like yesterday. Well he said 
can you make it go on your pee pee from there and I said I don't know I 
will see so he started peeing and I squirted it all over me and it washed 
off the dribbles of his creamy spit that hit my tummy and dribbled down 
towards my crack. It felt funny and I said Look Daddy your golden shower 
is washing all your spit off me. I made my legs go wide and pointed it at 
my pee pee and it hit my bumpy place and made it feel nice, all hot and 
splashy.
	Then he said Have you got any of that nice Hot Lemonade for your 
Daddy? and I giggled and said Sure if you want some and he lay down 
on the floor and I squatted right over his face and held my pee pee parts 
open. He held onto my bum and my pee pee was right over his mouth 
and he said I can see your peehole opening a little, Laurie, and I said 
You mean my Lemonade Squirter and we both laughed and I said 
Lemonade time Daddy! and I started to pee. Aaah he said when the pee 
squirted out and into his mouth and he let his mouth fill all up with it. It 
was all frothy like one of his beers. When it was full he gulped it down 
and I peed some more and filled his mouth up again. Oh Daddy it looks 
neat to watch my pee filling up your mouth I said and when I couldn't pee 
any more he swallowed again and said Yummy Lemonade, Laurie! Tracy 
was right - you do make lovely lemonade in your body, and you have a 
lovely dispenser for it, too. There's a drop or two left Daddy I said you can 
lick it off if you want to and he said You mean lick your pee pee ? and I 
said Yeah, if you want to, Tracy does, and he said Sure! and he licked 
the drops of pee off me and then he licked all over me in between my 
legs just like Tracy and it felt great! Wow wow wow Daddy I said when he 
licked my bumpy place and he did it some more and stuck his tongue into 
my funny hole too. He made me get the good feeling when he licked me 
in between my legs. 
	
	Thursday. Tracy came in and saw me getting Daddy's thing ready 
to spit. Well well she said What's going on here and I said My Daddy's 
thing gets all big and hard and I'm doing this to make it spit up. What 
happens then she asked and I said After it spits up it lies down and gets 
all little again. You know, she said, the same thing used to happen to my 
Daddy's thing when I was about your age. I used to pretend his thing was 
a pump, and I was pumping out his cream. Did you really said Daddy and 
Tracy said Sure daddies and their little girls can have all sorts of fun 
together. My Daddy used to make sure my pee pee was nice and clean 
and didn't have any fluff or anything on it, specially not in my pee pee 
crack. Oh look she said I think there's a little fluff on Laurie's pee pee 
now, you should brush it off for her, Jim. 
	I looked down at myself but I couldn't see any and I said Where is 
it I can't see any and Daddy said I think it's here, and he touched me on 
my pee pee and let his fingers go all over me in between my legs. It 
tickled where he was touching me and I giggled and said That feels 
funny! and he said Tell me if you want me to stop and I said Oh no it feels 
nice Do it some more. Do you like your Daddy touching your pee pee 
asked Tracy and I noticed she had her hand inside her underpants and I 
said Why is your hand inside your underpants Tracy and she said My 
pee pee felt itchy, I think I have some fluff there myself and Daddy said 
Better come over here and I'll see if I can find it so she came and stood 
beside the bed and he put his hand inside her underpants and felt 
around inside them while he was touching my pee pee with his other 
hand. Wow Daddy I said Are you ever good! You can find the fluff on 
Tracy's pee pee just by feeling for it, not even looking!
		
	This afternoon when I went past Tracy's room she was lying on her 
bed reading a book. I went in and said Hello and I saw she had one hand 
down the front of her underpants and I asked her how come she had her 
hand inside her underpants. I was just seeing if they fit properly she said, 
sometimes they get right into my crack, you know, and I said I like it when 
mine get into my pee pee crack, it makes it feel all nice. Sometimes I 
make it go into my crack on purpose I said and she said Do you? Show 
me so I took off my jeans and showed her how I make my underpants into 
a narrow strip and make them go in a thin line right down and inside my 
pee pee crack. See I said now it's like I don't have any underpants on 
because my pee pee halves are so big they cover it right up and she said 
Oh yes, let me try and she made hers go the same way. See yours is 
even better I said because your pee pee hair helps hide your underpants 
inside your crack. 
	Now what do we do she said and I said Well now when you walk 
around your underpants rub on your pee pee and make it feel nice, it's 
like riding a bicycle only all the time so we tried it and she said Yes 
you're right it feels nice. I think I'll leave it like that and we both did. When 
Daddy came home Tracy showed him our new fashion style and I 
showed him too. My he said that's the funniest way of wearing 
underpants I've ever seen I think I'd better take a video of this! so we lay 
down on Tracy's bed and showed him how we did it and he took a video 
of us putting our underpants inside our pee pee cracks and then we 
showed him where they rubbed against on our pee pee s. What do you 
do if you don't have any underpants on he asked and we showed him 
how we liked to rub our peepees and make ourselves feel good and he 
took a video of that too.
	Today when we were lying on Tracy's bed seeing if our 
underpants fitted properly over our pee pees she said How about if you 
invite one of your friends from school  over tomorrow afternoon she said 
I'll make some cookies and we can have milk and cookies. How about 
Mandy Davis? I'd like to meet her, she sounds like a nice girl.  Sure I said 
We can show her our new hot tub. That's a good idea said Tracy but 
don't tell her about it, let it be a surprise.
	Thursday. Today at recess I asked Mandy Davis if she wanted to 
come over to our place this afternoon after school. Sure she said What'll 
we do? and I said Well my new Mommy said she'd make us some 
cookies and stuff. Who's your new Mommy asked Mandy and I said Tracy 
and she's 21 and really pretty. So we went home after school and I 
introduced her and Tracy. Tracy had some lemonade and cookies all 
ready for us. I thought of our pissing games we played before and I said 
Is this the same kind of lemonade we had the other day Tracy and she 
looked at me and giggled and said No this is different, we can have some 
of the other kind later maybe and Mandy didn't know what we were 
talking about! 
		Mandy seemed to like Tracy and she whispered to me 
when Tracy was out of the room You were right Your new Mommy is 
really pretty. She sure has a good figure doesn't she and I said you mean 
she has nice big titties and Mandy giggled and looked at me and said 
Yeah and a nice bum too and we both giggled. I bet she's even prettier 
with no clothes on Do you ever get to see her like that? she asked and I 
said Sure sometimes and Mandy said Wow. I showed Mandy our hot tub 
and she wanted to go in. I remembered she liked to walk around naked 
and let the girls look at her and I sort of wondered if she would like to look 
at Tracy and me with no clothes on. 
	Just then Tracy came in and said Well what do you think of the 
new hot tub and Mandy said It looks really neat can we go in and Tracy 
said okay then and she peeled her sweater off over her head. Come on 
girls she said Let's see who gets naked first and we all pulled our clothes 
off as fast as we could. 
	Tracy looked at Mandy when she had her clothes off and saidshe 
was very pretty and that she was going to have a nice figure when she 
got bigger. Mandy's  titties were like little low pyramids with pinky tops 
and when Tracy said that Mandy pushed her tits out and looked pleased. 
You have a nice figure too she said and Tracy said Do you really think 
so, sometimes I think my tits are too big and we giggled and Mandy said I 
like them big. Tracy's titties were all big and round and her nipples were 
all hard and sticking out for some reason.  
	Well she said both you will have nice big ones too I just know it, 
mine were just starting to grow when I was your age and now look at 
them. I like to look at them said Mandy and giggled That's okay said 
Tracy I like to look at yours too and I like you looking at mine. Let's get 
into the hot tub Tracy said I like it when the water hooshes over my 
nipples. I giggled and said And when you make your legs go open it 
hooshes over your pee pee, too. Does it make it feel good? asked 
Mandy. Tracy and I looked at each other and I said It sure does! Tracy 
said We have a special hose to squirt them with. Wanna try it? Yeah! said 
Mandy And we got into the tub and took turns squirting our pee pees with 
the hose.
	After awhile Mandy said I gotta pee and I said me too and Tracy 
said Well  go ahead and Mandy said You mean just do it in the hot tub? 
Well said Tracy we could have a contest and see which one of you can 
pee the farthest. Oh, wow, how? I said and she said well, both of you lie 
down at the edge of the tub and see who can reach the other side with 
their pee and I will see who gets it farther. Sure said Mandy that sounds 
like fun, I never peed with anyone watching before and she sat on the 
edge of the tub and spread her legs and put her finger in her slit and 
rubbed it over her pee hole. I really have to go she said Look my pee 
hole opens up when I touch it like this and we both looked at her making 
her pee hole open up. Me and Tracy do it all the time I said and its lots of 
fun.
	We lay down beside one another at the edge of the hot tub and 
opened our legs wide so the pee could come out right. Now keep your 
pee pee s open nice and wide said Tracy and I'll make sure your pee 
holes are all ready to shoot and we laughed when she said that. Tracy 
watched us touch our pee pees and make our peeholes open up a little 
and it felt nice to touch it. Ooo I said to Mandy I like touching my peehole 
like this, don't you? and she said Yes I like touching all over in between 
my legs and I said Me too. Now said Tracy go ahead and squirt your pee 
up in the air and into the hot tub and I will see who gets it farther. 
	What if we hit you? asked Mandy and I said That's okay, Tracy 
likes a nice Golden Shower, don't you Tracy and Mandy said Really? 
You mean pee on you? and Tracy said Sure, see if you can both do it at 
once and I'll get a double shower. So Mandy and me both peed up in the 
air and made big arches with our pee and Tracy got under both of them 
at once and it splashed all over her face and got her hair all wet. We 
watched her hold her face under our pee streams and use her hands to 
rub it all over her face, then she opened her mouth and held it so my pee 
went into it and then when I stopped peeing she filled it up with Mandy's 
pee. She gulped it down and Mandy said Wow I never did that with 
anybody before, did you like it Tracy? and Tracy said Yeah it was neat 
both of you doing it at the same time and I said Me and Tracy have lots of 
fun with our pee, don't we and Mandy said  she would like to do lots of 
peeing things with us whenever we wanted to.

	After Mandy went home Tracy said I think I've put on a bit of 
weight, I wonder if my underpants are still big enough? I think I'll just 
check them she said and she lay down on her bed in just her underpants 
and put her hand down inside them. Mmm, yes, I think they're still big 
enough, she said and I said Yes I can see you can get you hand all the 
way down by your pee pee and she said Mmm yes, I can and I said I'm 
going to try too so I lay down beside her in just my underpants and I 
could put my hand down inside and touch my trickle and even after I 
knew my underpants were big enough I just kept my hand inside them 
touching my pee pee because it felt so nice.
	Daddy came home while Tracy and I were lying on her bed 
making sure our underpants were big enough to get our fingers inside. I 
think I'll change out of these city clothes he said and when he took off his 
pants his underpants had a big bulge in them. Is your thing getting to be 
a big stick Daddy I asked him and he said Well let's see and he took off 
his underpants and we looked at his thing and while we looked at it it got 
all big and hard and sticking out. I guess we'd better take care of that said 
Tracy and I said Yeah I wanna watch it spit up! 
	Tracy and I were pumping Daddy's thing and he said Its going to 
spit soon and Tracy said Oh I think I'll catch it so it doesn't make a mess 
and she leaned forward and opened her mouth right next to Daddy's 
thing. Make it go in my mouth, Laurie, she said so I kept pumping on 
Daddy's thing and the spit came shooting out and went right into her 
mouth! I pumped it all out and she let her mouth fill up with it. Wow Daddy 
I said that was a good idea Tracy had, wasn't it, not to make a mess by 
catching your cream in her mouth and Daddy said Yeah! When he was 
finished making it spit I said Now what'll Tracy do with it Daddy and he 
said I don't know and just then Tracy gave a big gulp and swallowed it all 
down and said Yum yum that was delicious! Was it? I said and she said It 
sure was You should try it some time and I said Wow is that ever special 
cream, it makes your titties grow when you rub it into the, and it makes 
hair grow on your pee pee when you rub it in there, and it tastes good 
too!

	Then Tracy got dressed and went downtown to work and Daddy 
and I had supper and watched TV for awhile.  First he had his robe on 
and I had my nightgown and I sat on Daddy's lap and kept my legs nice 
and far apart so he could feel me in between my legs all he wanted to. 
He touched me all over inside my crack parts and made me feel really 
good with his fingers. His thing got all hard and I could feel it behind me 
and I asked him if I could make it spit up and he said Sure so I got down 
on my knees in front of him and it stuck right up in the air right in front of 
me. When I was pumping Daddy's thing I said Can I make the stuff go in 
my mouth Daddy like Tracy did? and he said Sure if you want to so I put 
my mouth right at the end of his thing and said is this the right way to do it 
Daddy? Well sure he said, but if you want to get it all in your mouth you 
can put the end of my thing in your mouth and then when it comes out 
you'll be sure it won't make a mess. Tracy did that the other night he said 
and it worked well. 
	Okay I said and I opened my mouth and his thing was so big I had 
to open my mouth really wide to get the big knobby part in. Oh, that feels 
nice he said, now just pump my thing up and down and all the spit will 
come out into your mouth. So I did and I sucked and licked on Daddy's 
big thing just like it was a big sucker or a candy bar while I made my 
hands go up and down on the big long part that wouldn't go in my mouth. 
	After awhile Daddy started making his hips push up and down and 
then he said It's going to spit and then a big splurtch of hot stuff hit the top 
of my mouth and I knew it was my Daddy's creamy stuff. It was all slippery 
and wet and in a big glob and it tasted really nice, all warm and slippy 
and I sucked some more and another big splush came out and then 
some more and some more and my mouth was getting all full up with it 
and it was going squish squish when I moved my head up and down on 
his thing. You can swallow it if you want to honey, there's a lot, isn't there, 
said Daddy and I looked up and him and nodded and my cheeks were all 
bulged out with his thing and all the stuff that it had squirted out into my 
mouth and just when I was goingto swallow all Daddy's cream  some of it 
started to dribble out one side of my mouth and slide down the long part 
and made my hands all slippery and sticky. 
	I didn't want to waste any more of it so I went gulp gulp and 
swallowed the rest of it nd it was all warm and gloopy when it went down 
into my tummy. I sucked some more and got the rest of Daddy's stuff to 
come out of his thing and swallowed that too. Then we went and had a 
bath together and we played pissing games. He was lying in the bathtub 
and said See if you can hit my thing with your pee when you're standing 
up so I got over him and held my pee pee parts apart and aimed my pee 
right at his thing and I was a pretty good aimer cause it hit it and Daddy 
held his thing and kept it right in the stream of my pee and he said MMM, 
it's all nice and warm! and his thing got bigger around and longer too 
whiule I peed on it and then I lAy down and he knelt in front of me and put 
his thing right up against my pee pee and washed me with his pee and it 
felt all tingly and nice.

	Tonight we all got on Daddy and Tracy's big bed all bare naked so 
we could play some nice games. First Tracy and me showed Daddy how 
we like to touch ourselves all over in between our legs and make all the 
parts inside our cracks feel good. Daddy let us look at his big hard thing 
while we touched ourselves. Then he let Tracy rub it for him and she told 
him her pee pee was itchy and asked him to scratch it for her with his 
thing. She sort of sat on his middle and rubbed his thing up and down 
her pee pee crack. I'll hold onto your titties so you won't fall off he said to 
her and he held one in each hand and sometimes he held onto both of 
them with one hand because they're so nice and big. While she was 
sitting on him rubbing his thing up and down her pee pee she sort of fell 
forward and his thing went right into her pee pee hole. Oh my goodness I 
said Daddy's thing has gone up inside your pee pee hole Tracy and she 
said I know! I better lift up and get it out and she lifted up a little and it 
came out partway, but then she sat back down on him and it went back 
up inside her again. Oh it's gone so far inside me she said It's so big it's 
hard to get up off it, let me try some more but as hard as she tried she 
couldn't get up off it, his thing never came all the way out of her pee pee 
hole. 
	Ooo she said, it feels nice in there, it's stirring up my insides like a 
big stick. I think I'll just make it go in and out some more because it feels 
so good.  Daddy's face was all red and he was pushing up with his bum 
at the same time that Tracy was going up and down on his stick. Be 
careful I said because it might spit up when it's inside you and all that 
creamy stuff will go up inside your hole. I bet all that nice cream will make 
my hole all slippy inside she said,  do you think so Laurie?  I bet it would I 
said because it's all nice and slippy when it comes out of Daddy's big 
stick. Let's try it then she said and she went up and down on it some 
more and Daddy's thing went in and out of Tracy's pee pee hole faster 
and then Daddy said I think it's going to do it now! and Tracy said Yes I 
can feel it squirting inside me, oh wow wow wow and I said Does that feel 
good Tracy? and she said Oh wow yeah and Daddy said I liked it too. 
	Tracy got off Daddy Ts stick and lay back on the bed and said Wow 
that was great and I asked her Did the cream from my Daddy's big stick 
make your hole nice and slippy Tracy? and she felt her pee pee and said 
Yeah, feel,  Go ahead, put your finger in my hole and feel how slippy it is, 
and I knelt in between her legs and put my finger right inside her pee pee 
hole. Gosh it's bigger than it was before I said and it is nice and slippery 
inside. You can put two fingers in if you want to she said so I did and she 
said I bet it would be really easy for it to go in and out now, Make them go 
in and out like your Daddy's thing was going so I did and she said Ooo 
that feels nice and I looked at Daddy's thing and said It's all little and soft 
now and he was watching us and said Well it might get all big and hard 
in a little while. 
	But I wanted to see it spit! I said And it was all up inside you and I 
missed it! Oh well she said I guess if it went in it'll come out again. Shall 
we see? and I said Sure! and she said Give me that glass and I'll squat 
over it and we'll let the stuff come out and go into the glass. Even better I 
said let me lie underneath you and the stuff can come out of your hole 
and go right into my mouth like when you were helping Daddy not make 
a mess yesterday. Are you sure she said and I said Oh yes, after you 
went to work Daddy's thing turned into a stick again and I put the end in 
my mouth and he rubbed it up and down and made the stuff come out 
and go in my mouth and it tasted lovely, all nice and hot and creamy. 
Well she said Okay then.
	So I lay down with my face under her pee pee hole and she 
squatted over it and I could look up into her pee pee hole and see the 
stuff come out. I helped her hold her  hole open nice and wide so the stuff 
could come out better and besides, that way I got to touch her all over her 
pee pee and put my fingers in her hole. I like putting my fingers in Tracy's 
hole. It's all nice and warm and soft inside her. I think I'd better take a 
video of this said Daddy and he got the video camera and took pictures 
of me helping his cream come out of Tracy's pee pee hole. Here it 
comes! I said when the first blobs got to the outside of her hole and 
dripped into my mouth. Wow Daddy I said when all the blobs had drooled 
out like big bunches of cream, you really put a lot of that stuff in Tracy's 
hole! You made my mouth all full, I had to swallow twice. Did you like that 
honey? he asked me and I said Ooo yes it was lovely and then I said 
there's a little more around the edges of Tracy's hole and I licked her 
hole and up inside her and got all Daddy's cream out of her hole and 
besides it gave me a good excuse to lick her all over in between her legs.
	
Friday
	Today when I came home from school Tracy  was lying on her bed 
with nothing on and I took off my clothes and lay down beside her. I 
touched myself on my pee pee while I told her all about school and how I 
looked at all the girls taking their clothes off for gym class. Was Mandy 
Davis there she asked Oh yes I said and she was sitting with no 
underpants on and her legs all open and  I could see in between her 
legs. She looked at me and I took my underpants off and let my legs go 
open so she could look at me in between them and I felt and funny and 
nice when she did. Some of the other girls did too and I liked letting them 
look at me. I like looking at people with no clothes on too I said. Even 
boys? said Tracy with a smile and I said Well I've only really seen Daddy. 
I like letting people look at me when I'm all bare naked said Tracy.

	Tracy was rubbing her pee pee too just like me and she said Did 
you like it when you licked all your Daddy's stuff out of my pee pee she 
said and I said Oh yes. I liked licking your pee pee because it tasted nice 
and I liked it when you licked mine and got all the pee out of it and she 
said Why don't we do it then and when I nodded sure yeah! she said You 
lie down and spread your legs and I will get over you and we can both 
lick each other's pee pees at the same time and she got on top of me with 
her pee pee right over my face and I pulled her down so I could reach her 
pee pee with my tongue and she put her head in between my legs and 
licked me all over my pee pee and made me feel lovely and warm and 
funny. 
	While I was licking her Daddy came home and he came into the 
room and saw what we were doing. Well well he said What's going on 
here and Tracy stopped licking my pee pee and said Laurie and I were 
making each other feel nice and I said That's right Daddy I'm licking 
Tracy's pee pee and he said Well what a nice pee pee it is, I bet there's a 
nice hole here that goes right up inside her, I wonder if my thing can find 
where it is and he took his clothes off and got on the bed and knelt right 
by my face and started rubbing his big hard thing all over Tracy's pee 
pee , right above my face so I could see it really well. I bet it's around 
here he said and I said I can see it, Daddy, your thing is rubbing right 
where Tracy's hole opens up and goes inside her. Put it in her hole, 
Daddy, I said, and make it go in and out like you did the other day. 
	Shall I he asked and Tracy said Sure and I said Yeah and when 
the white stuff is going to come out, take your thing out and make the 
white stuff go squirt squirt squirt right into my mouth, okay? And he 
laughed and said Sure, okay then and I helped him  put his big thing 
inside Tracy's hole and I got a really good look because my head was 
right next to her hole. He rubbed it in and out and I touched Tracy on her 
pee pee and rubbed her bumpy place a little and she licked my pee pee 
some more and then Daddy pulled his thing out of her hole and I opened 
my mouth and he held the end of his thing right over my mouth, pointing 
down at it and made his hand go up and down on his thing and it went 
squirt squirt squirt and every time it went squirt it made lots of hot creamy 
stuff shoot out right straight into my mouth and fill it right up with his warm 
cream. It was like he was milking his thing right into my mouth and I had 
the good feeling while he was doing this and Tracy was licking me on my 
pee pee .

	Saturday. Today Daddy said I'm going downtown to where Tracy 
works to pick up her pay because it was too late when she finished 
yesterday night. Would you like to come too? he asked and I said Oh 
Yeah I want to see where Tracy works and Daddy looked at me and said 
What kind of underpants are you wearing Laurie and I lifted up my skirt 
and showed him my underpants. Are these okay I asked him and he said 
well they are very nice but how about wearing the ones that Tracy got 
you with the front cut out. you mean the ones that my pee pee sticks out 
the hole? I asked and he said Yeah, those ones, and if you have to pee 
you won't have to bother taking them off, will you. Okay Daddy I said and 
I put on my special underpants and we went downtown.
	  We went in around back of this place and saw a man named 
Dave and went into his office. Dave and Daddy had some stuff out of a 
bottle and they were talking sort of low and I couldn't hear what they were 
saying. They gave me a Coke and I sat  on a big couch across the room 
from them and drank it while I looked around the room. There were lots of 
pictures of girls in bathing suits and girls in their underpants with their 
titties showing and some with girls not wearing anything at all so you 
could see their pee pees as well as their titties. 
	I was looking at them trying to see which one had the nicest titties 
and suddenly I heard Daddy say right out loud Well I like the Jockey 
underpants, look, and I looked over and he stood up and unzipped his 
pants and opened his fly and showed off his underpants. I can't see them 
very well said Dave so Daddy took off his pants so Dave could see his 
underpants better. His thing was partly big and making a big bulge in his 
underpants and while I watched it got bigger and poked out more. But I 
think this kind's better, said Dave and unzipped his pants and let them 
fall and kicked them off. His underpants were really small, just a little 
pouch at the front, and red. I stared at them because his thing was getting 
big like Daddy's, making the pouch thing stick way out in front of him. 
They looked at each other, and at me looking at them, and Daddy said 
What do you think, Laurie, which kind do you like better? 
	I sort of giggled and said Well they're both nice but I like Dave's 
nice red ones and Daddy said to Dave Laurie is wearing a special pair of 
underpants today, aren't you Laurie and I was shy for a minute and then I 
felt all funny in between my legs and I said Yes Would you like to see 
them and they both said Sure! so I leaned back against the back of the 
couch and lifted my skirt up to my waist so they could see my underpants. 
I looked down at them myself and I could see my pee pee sticking out the 
hole in them so I knew they could see it too. My my said Dave, those 
underpants are very pretty, I think I'd better get a good look at them and 
Daddy said Me too and they both came over and stood in front of me and 
looked down at my underpants and I looked at theirs and the big bulges 
of their things inside them. 
	How old are you Laurie asked Dave and I said Eleven and he said 
Those sure are nice underpants, where did you get them? and I said 
Tracy got them for me and he said How come and I giggled and said Well 
a couple of times I couldn't get to the toilet in time and I peed in my 
underpants and Tracy said that if I had this kind I wouldn't have to take 
them off, I could just pee with them on and the pee would come out the 
hole. And does it work? asked Dave and I said Oh sure, look,I just spread 
my legs like this and see, all of my pee pee pokes out the hole and my 
pee hole too. Well he said Those sure are special underpants, do you 
mind if I take a picture of them? My brother has a girl about your age and 
he might like to get her a pair of underpants like those. I said Is it okay if 
Dave takes a picture of my underpants Daddy and Daddy said Sure if 
you wanta and so Dave got a video camera and said Now I'll direct you 
just like you're a movie star and I said Ooo wow yeah! and he said Now 
put your skirt back down and close your legs and when I point at you you 
lift your skirt up and let the camera see your underpants and then open 
your legs slowly to the sides, as wide apart as you can make them go, 
and show how your pee pee sticks out the hole in your underpants. Then 
touch your pee hole and show how it will stick out the hole so the pee 
can come out. While you're doing that you can tell about your underpants 
too, okay? 
	I nodded and put my legs together and put my skirt down and sat 
there like a good little girl with my hands folded. He took some pictures of 
me like that and then he pointed at me and I  said I have a special pair of 
underpants that I don't have to take off when I pee, look, and I lifted up my 
skirt and showed the camera my underpants with my pee pee sticking out 
the hole. I could see the camera was zooming in to take a closeup of my 
underpants so I said See how my pee pee sticks out the hole in my 
underpants and I lifted my legs up and spread them off to the sides and 
looked down at myself and my underpants were just little strings at each 
side and my pee pee was all spread open wide in the middle and the big 
lips were way off to the sides and I could see everything in the middle of 
them and I said See, here's my peehole and I touched it and it felt nice 
when I touched it so I did it some more and I said See here's where the 
pee will come out and it won't hit my underpants at all! 
	That's good said Dave, but it would be even better if you could pee 
a little and show that the pee comes out without hitting your underpants, 
can you do that? Well I do have to pee a bit I said but I don't want to get 
the couch all wet, and Dave said Well how about peeing into this glass 
then and he drank the last of his drink and put the glass on the floor. 
Okay I said and I went and stood in the middle of the room and he took 
some more pictures of me. He said I think you'd better take your skirt off 
so it doesn't get in the way, so I took it off and squatted down. I couldn't 
see the glass very well because my T shirt was in the way and I didn't 
want to miss the glass and pee all over the floor so I said Maybe I should 
take my T shirt off too because I can't see the glass. What a good idea 
said Dave, and I pulled my T shirt off over my head and now I was all 
bare naked except for my underpants with  my pee pee poking out 
through the hole. 
	I squatted down again and Dave took a closeup picture of my pee 
pee showing through the hole in my underpants and I touched my pee 
hole again and rubbed it a little to make the pee come and because it 
feels nice when I do it, too. Ooo it's coming I said and the pee came out 
my pee hole and splashed into the glass all frothy and yellowy. Daddy 
was standing beside Dave watching me pee and I said Want some 
lemonade Daddy? and I giggled and Dave said What  do you mean and I 
said Daddy likes the lemonade I make in my body and squirt out of my 
pee pee , don't you Daddy. Wow said Dave, well, let's not waste it then, 
eh? Stop peeing Laurie he said and we'll give your Daddy some nice 
warm lemonade, shall we? and I giggled again and said Oh yeah! And 
Daddy licks the last drops off my pee pee and makes it feel all good, too!
	How about it then said Dave to Daddy and Daddy shrugged his 
shoulders and said Sure okay then and lay down on the floor and I 
squatted over his face. When I looked at Daddy's middle I giggled again 
and Dave said what's so funny and I said Daddy's hard thing is trying to 
get out of his underpants, because it was all big and making a tent, and 
Dave said Well, why don't you let it out then, so he took a picture of me as 
I leaned forward and pulled Daddy's underpants down and let his big 
hard thing stick up in the air. Now how about some lemonade for your 
Daddy said Dave and I looked down at Daddy and he opened his mouth 
and I rubbed my pee hole again to start the pee coming and made it 
squirt out and go right into Daddy's. mouth. Let it fill up said Dave and 
soon Daddy had a nice frothy lake in his mouth and after he swallowed it 
down I filled it up again. Wow said Dave you have lots of lemonade, don't 
you and I said Yeah I made the Coke I drank turn into lemonade and we 
all laughed about making Coke turn into lemonade. Then Daddy said 
There are some drops of pee on your pee pee Laurie, shall I lick them 
off? and I said Ooo yeah! and he licked my pee pee all over and made it 
feel all nice for me. Then I went and sat on the couch again and Dave 
gave me another Coke to turn into lemonade.
	He kept the camera running while he talked to me. You are very 
pretty just like Tracy and these other girls, he said, did you like looking at 
their pictures? Which one did you like the best? And I pointed at a picture 
of a girl  with big titties and Dave asked me why I liked her. Because 
she's pretty, and she has nice big titties I said. Well, he said, you will 
have nice big titties when you are big like Tracy, she has nice big ones, 
doesn't she and I said Yes she does. Your titties are starting to grow 
nicely said Dave They're poking out like nice little hills, do you like 
showing them to us? Sure I said  and  I moved from side to side to show 
them how my titties stuck out and it felt funny with him watching me and 
my pee pee started to feel funny and I wanted to touch it but I was shy.
	Dave and Daddy were both looking at me down where my 
underpants were and then Dave asked me if I could spread my legs apart 
and let him see how my underpants fitted again and I knew they wanted 
to look at my bare naked pee pee again, all spread open so I let my legs 
go wide open. How's this? I asked them and Dave said Wow! Do you like 
looking at my bare naked pee pee I asked him and he said I sure do! Do 
you like showing it to me? Yeah I said when you look at it, it feels all 
funny and I want to touch it and play with it. Well go ahead and do that he 
said and your Daddy and I will watch you playing with your pee pee and I 
will take some more video so you can watch yourself later on. So I played 
with my pee pee with both hands while they watched me and Dave took 
a closeup video of my hands touching all over my pee pee . I made 
myself feel really good by playing with my pee pee and then Dave looked 
down at himself and said this is all uncomfortable inside my underpants, 
Laurie, it should come  out like your Daddy's. Sure that's okay I said I'll 
do it for you if you like and he let me take his big hard thing out of his 
underpants. It was all warm and it smelled nice and I liked touching it and 
holding it while I took his underpants off and now I could look at both of 
them while I was playing with my pee pee . His was as long as Daddy's 
but even bigger around Wow I said it's a nice big one Dave I bet its got 
lots of white stuff inside it, doesn't it.
	Daddy told Dave that I knew how to make the white stuff come out 
of his hard thing. Yes I said and I told him how I would rub it up and down 
and make it squirt the cream out. What do you do with it he asked and I 
told him I would make it squirt on my titties and rub it in so they would get 
nice and big like Tracy's, or make it go on my pee pee and rub it because 
it made my pee pee feel good, or make it go in my mouth because it 
tasted so good. That sounds like a good idea he said Shall we do that? 
Sure I said shall I do you both at the same time? We can see who will 
squirt the white stuff first. 
	So they stood beside me and I rubbed their big things up and 
down and back and forth with both hands and they touched my titties and 
played with them while I rubbed their things. I took turns putting the ends 
of their things in my mouth and licking the big knobby parts with my 
tongue. I was just seeing if I could get both of their big ends together 
close enough so that I could lick them with my tongue at the same time 
when they both started to squirt the stuff into my mouth. I let them help it 
come out by rubbing their things and just looked up at them and held my 
mouth open wide and gave them a nice big target for them so shoot at. 
They both had lots of nice hot creamy sauce and Dave had even more 
than Daddy and my mouth got all full so I had to tip my head back so it 
wouldn't dribble out and go down my front and get wasted. When they 
were finished I swallowed it and licked my lips to get the last drops and 
Dave asked my how I liked it and I told him he squirted even harder than 
Daddy and his stuff tasted nice, like yogurt.
	Daddy said You know, I think I have to pee now, myself, and I said 
Oh goody, can I help you Daddy? and Dave asked me if I liked helping 
my Daddy pee. Sure I said and sometimes he pees on my pee pee and 
makes it feel nice, and we play games, like Fillup too. How do you play 
Fillup he asked and I said Well I pretend I'm a car and I Daddy's a gas 
station and I say Rfill Ter up, BudS like he does when he goes to the gas 
station and I kneel in front of him and he lets his hard thing hang over my 
mouth and I open up really wide and he fills me up with his special gas. 
You mean he fills your mouth up with pee? asked Dave and I said Sure 
and then I swallow it and he does some more and fills my tank, my 
tummy. That game sounds like fun he said and I said Oh it is, can we do it 
Daddy, I want some of your special gas and he said Okay then and Dave 
said I think your game would make a nice video and he started the 
camera with me kneeling down in front of Daddy and then Daddy hung 
his big thing just over my mouth and I opened my mouth  and his nice hot 
gas poured out of his thing and  into my mouth. Let it fill all up and make 
a nice frothy lake before you swallow it said Dave and he took a close 
picture of the pee coming out of Daddy's thing and going into my mouth 
and I smiled at the camera and then I swallowed it and let it fill up again. 
When he was finished I said Gosh Daddy you had a lot of gas today, 
didn't you, my tank's all full! 
	What other games do you play asked Dave and I said Well we 
play Fireman and we pretend I'm on fire and my Daddy uses his firehose 
to make me all wet and put out the fire. Do you like that he asked and I 
said Ooo yes, specially when he pees on my pee pee and makes the pee 
go all over it, it makes it all tingly and I get my good feeling just by the pee 
hitting my pee pee . Well he said we should try it then so we went into the 
bathroom next to his office and I lay down on some towels on the floor 
and I told him how to kneel between my legs and I opened my legs nice 
and wide and held my pee pee parts open so he could pee all over it and 
his pee was all nice and hot on my pee pee . He let me hold his thing and 
make the pee go where I wanted it to so I made it hit me on my bumpy 
place I like to rub and on my own pee hole because it tickled and then I 
held my hole open and made his pee go squirting right up inside my hole 
and if felt so good, all hot and tingly that I had the good feeling twice in a 
row.

	When we went back into the other room Dave said Maybe there's 
some pee left on your pee pee , would you like me to see, and lick it off 
for you? and I said Sure! and I sat back on the couch and he knelt down 
in front of me. I spread my legs really wide and held my pee pee parts 
open and he licked me all over and made me have the good feeling, and 
then he put his finger inside my pee pee hole. Do you ever put anything 
in here? he asked me and I said Just my fingers and my Daddy's. and 
Tracy's. and my Daddy puts his hard thing inside Tracy's hole sometimes 
but I think it's too big to go inside mine. Look he said I have a present for 
you then, some toys for you to play with. 
	The things he gave me were shaped like a man's thing when it 
gets all hard, but they were different lengths and thicknesses. Try this one 
he said and gave me one about six inches long and half an inch across, 
about the size of  a wiener. He and my Daddy both watched me put the 
thing into my hole and push it up inside me and it felt funny when it went 
inside, I could feel it way up inside me and I giggled and told them it felt 
funny and nice and Dave said Now you can make it go like when your 
Daddy puts his thing inside Tracy's hole and so I made it go in and out 
and it felt really good. Dave showed me how to make it go in and out with 
one hand and play with my pee pee bump with the other and that felt 
even better. Now he said you can have these as a present and if you put 
them inside you and play with them, your hole will stretch and soon you 
will be able to put your Daddy's thing inside it. Oh wow! I said and I can 
put yours in it, too, can't I  Sure you can if you want he said.
	Then I noticed that his thing was all big and sticking out again. 
Gosh I said it's all hard again Dave and he said Well, so it is, what shall 
we do about that and I said Would you like to make the stuff squirt into my 
mouth again? I liked the way it tasted before. Well sure he said, then he 
said Do you ever make your Daddy squirt his stuff just by sucking on his 
thing? No I said How do I do that? and he said Well I'll show you if you 
like and I said Sure but your thing is so big I don't know if I can put it all in 
my mouth. Well he said just do it a bit at a time, Look he said I'll put this 
quarter on my thing and you can see how far you can push it along with 
your top lip when my thing goes into your mouth. Then you'll be able to 
see how much of my thing you can get into your mouth. I'll take a nice 
video said Daddy and you can watch it later and see how you did.
	Ooo that sounds like fun I said and I knelt down in front of him and 
he put a quarter on the top of his thing, right up by the big bulgy end part 
and he said Now see if you can put the end part in your mouth so I 
opened my mouth really wide and let the end part of his thing go inside it. 
It was all nice and warm and I could feel his pulse in his thing and I 
giggled with his thing in my mouth. Then I felt the quarter with my top lip 
and I pushed it along his thing by putting more of his thing in my mouth 
and his thing was really big and I could only get about half of it in my 
mouth and the big knobbly part was right at the back of my mouth, by my 
throat and my mouth felt really full. That's good he said, you're doing very 
well, now just move your mouth back so just the knobbly part is in it, and 
you can suck on it and lick like it's a big lollipop, okay? and I nodded 
okay and let just the end of his thing stay in my mouth and slurped on it 
and licked it all over with my tongue and he said Wow that's great, are 
you sure you've never done this before and I shook my head No and he 
said Well you are doing it just right and he said to my Daddy You will 
have to let Laurie do it to you, she is really super at it and Daddy said 
Well maybe we can do it when we get home shall we Laurie and I looked 
over at him and smiled at him and nodded Yes with my mouth all full of 
Dave's thing. 
	If you move your mouth back and forth on it, make it go in and out 
of your mouth, that's the best way to get used to the size of it said Dave 
and pretty soon you can get the quarter farther down, maybe all the way 
to where my thing ends, wouldn't that be fun! he said. I nodded yeah! and  
kept moving my mouth back and forth on  Dave's thing and seeing if I 
couldn't get that darn quarter down all the way to the end of his thing. 
Dave started to help me by pushing his hips back and forth and pretty 
soon he said Oh darn, that feels so nice the white stuff if going to come 
out in a minute, shall I make it squirt in your mouth? and I looked up at 
him and nodded Yes and he said Tell you what, I'll take it out almost all 
the way and you just hold your tongue out and I'll rub it and make the 
stuff squirt onto your tongue and into your mouth and your Daddy can 
trake a nice video of that, how about that and I nodded Yes again and 
moved my head back and he held onto his thing and I stuck my tongue 
out like a carpet and he aimed his thing right at my mouth and pumped 
back and forth on his thing and I watched the end so I would see the 
white stuff squirting out. I like to watch it squirt, specially when it squirts 
on me and into my mouth. It looks neat, as well as tasting neat.
	Then Dave said Now! and a big long squirt of stuff came shooting 
out the hoile in the end of his thing and shot right into my mouth! It hit the 
back of my mouth and it was all nice and warm and gooshy and then 
another one came and another and they all went right into my mouth and 
I thought Wow is Dave ever good at aiming!  Then some of the dribbles 
dropped onto my tongue and they all tasted so nice! I saw Daddy was 
taking a close video of the white stuff going shooting into my mouth so I 
looked over at him and smiled at him mostly with my eyes because my 
mouth was open so wide so Dave wouldn't miss and waste any of his 
stuff by hitting my face. 
	He kept shooting his stuff and my mouth got all full and he said 
Now don't swallow it yet! Wait till I'm finished and your Daddy can take a 
video to show how full of my stuff your mouth is so I nodded and I had to 
tip my head back so all the stuff wouldn't dribble out and he sort of put his 
thing over my mouthwhen I tipped my head back and it was kind of like 
he was milking it when he made his hand go up and down on it and all 
the long strings of goopy stuff squshed out the hole in the end and 
dropped right into my mouth. By the time he got the last bits out my mouth 
was all full up and I had to be careful the way I held my head because it 
was right up to the sides of my mouth, the white stuff I mean, and he said 
Now put your tongue back in and pretend it's sinking in all that stuff so I 
did and a little bit of the stuff drooled out one side of my mouth but Dave 
said that was okay and Daddy took a nice closeup picture of all the stuff 
in my mouth and my tongue sinking underneath it all and then coming up 
to the surface again. 
	I liked doing this because it gave me a good chance to taste all 
Dave's stuff and it was really good! Then Dave said Now you can 
swallow it if you want to so I gave a big gulp and then another and when I 
was done I opened my mouth and showed them I had swallowed it all 
down like a good little girl. Then after that Dave asked Daddy if he would 
like to try and see if I could get the quarter all the way down Daddy's 
thing and I said Sure becaiuse I really wanted to drink some more stuff 
and Daddy's always tasted so nice. So we found the quarter because it 
had fallen on the floor and I did the same thing with Daddy while Dave 
took a video of us. Daddy squirted even more stuff than Dave did and 
even when I tipped my head back I couldn't hold it all in my mouth and it 
kept drooling down out of my mouth but Dave said that was fine and he 
even took a video showing a drooly part going down my face and down 
my neck and onto my titty and hanging from the pointy end part in a big 
drop.
	After that Daddy and I went home. And I even got to keep the 
quarter! 

	I'm going to write some more stuff about having fun with Daddy 
and all the others, but right now i'm going to stop this and just lie here 
and use both hands in between my legs to make me feel all nice and 
dreamy. Mmmmm!

(the end - so far. Anyone want to add more?)

		














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
