Archive-name: Changes/laurie01.txt
Archive-author: Laurie M
Archive-title: Laurie


	   Fictional Creations for
   Computer Bulletin Board Distribution

I had decided to attempt to break out of the dull
job I had by attending a few night courses at the
local community college.  One of the women in my
business tax course was very attractive, her name
was Janet.  As the classes progressed we became
friendly and I asked her if she would be interrested
in getting together the next weekend to study for an
upcomming test.  "I think that would be a great idea,
Larry.  Why don't you come over Saturday and we can
study in the afternoon and I'll fix us a nice dinner
when we finish up."  She gave me her address and phone
number and said she would see me Saturday.
I found myself looking forward to the weekend with
hopes of going beyond the studying and dinner phase.

I called Janet Saturday morning and told her I would
be over about two.  "That's great, we'll have plenty
of time to study as I've planned dinner about seven."
As she opened the door to her home I got weak in the 
knees. She looked fantastic in a halter top and a
tight pair of shorts.  Her hair was pulled back in a
pony tail and her makeup was delicate and attractive.
"Janet, you look great.  How do you expect me to study
with you distracting me like that?"  "Oh, don't worry
Larry, I'll see to it that you study properly or else
you'll suffer the consequences." She said with a sly
smile.

She showed me around her house and told me to make myself
at home.  We setteled on the idea of studying at the
dining room table.  I placed my books on the table and
sat down while she went to the kitchen for a pitcher of
iced tea and some glasses.  When she returned she sat next
to me and asked if I was ready to concentrate.  I smiled at
her and said it would be difficult but I was going to do
my best.  We studied for about an hour and I was becomming
more and more distracted by the occasional glimpses of 
Janet's pink bra that could be seen through the opening 
between the buttons of her halter.  She noticed me stare
at her bodice and reached over and took my face in her
hand and said, "you better pay attention or you won't
get good grades, either in the class or with me."

We were studying and quizzing each other and I found that she
was quite a bit more familiar with the information than I 
was.  She noticed this too and asked if I would like to make
a game out of our quizzes.  I told her that it might be fun.
Janet said that it seemed that I took a fancy to her lingerie
so we would make the game like strip poker.  Whoever missed
the correct answer would lose a piece of clothing.  That
sounded like an excellent idea to me.  It turned out to
be a game that was fixed in her favor.  After about an hour
I was only wearing my jockey shorts and the only thing that
Janet had lost was her halter top.  The lacey thin pink
material of her bra was taking its toll on my concentration
and I lost the next question.  Janet was all smiles as she
told me to "take them off Larry, I'm dying to see you in 
the nude."  She picked up all of the clothes and moved them
into the living room and told me we would continue after a
little break.  She poured us some more iced tea and as she
handed my glass to me she slid her hand down my chest to
my growing cock and asked if I liked the game.  I told her
it was much more interresting during the break.  I leaned
toward her and gave her a kiss during which she took control
completely by placing her other hand behind my head and forcing
her tongue into my mouth.  

As I started to put my hand behind her to pull her closer to
me she pushed me away and said "No touching or I will tie 
your hands behind your back to keep you in line."  I couldn't
believe what was happening to me, but my cock got harder than
ever and Janet noticed and said, "I see you like that idea,
maybe we'll put that into our next round of games."  As she
kissed me again I simply moaned into her mouth.  She said
it was time to start cooking dinner so I reached for my
clothes and she said "oh, no, you don't get them back till
after dinner, I like a naked playmate available at the table."

She asked if I would help her with setting the table and when
I told her I'd be happy to help, she put a frilly apron over
my neck and tied it behind my back.  Again my cock rose to the
occasion and formed a tent in the apron skirt.  This didn't 
go unnoticed by Janet either as she said, "my Larry, you 
look good in lace, and you seem to like it too."  "Perhaps
after dinner we'll see what else you like."  With that she
gave me another kiss and told me where the dishes were to set
the table with.  Following dinner I offered to help her clean
up the kitchen at which she replied, "Oh, you don't mind
doing women's work ?"  When I told her no, I didn't mind.
She told me that perhaps I should dress the part.  I told 
her I didn't think that was necessary but she insisted.

Shortly after that I was standing in front of a full length
mirror trying to figure out what I was doing in a dress and
high heeled shoes.  Janet said, "you make a nice looking 
girl Larry, but a little makeup will work wonders."  Soon
enough I was completely made up with blue eye shadow, dark
mascara, blusher on my cheeks and a soft pink lipstick on
my lips.  With that done Janet led me back into the kitchen
and told me to get started.  A short while later I noticed
a flash and as I turned to see what it was she took another
picture of me.  She said that this would be her insurance
policy for my continued services as her maid.  

Soon the kitchen was clean and she called me into the living 
room and said that she liked me dressed like that and 
wanted me to do her one last favor before I left.  I asked
her what it was and she smiled and took off her shorts and
told me to kiss her and eat her until she climaxed.  I 
couldn't believe the events of the day as I knelt in front
of her and watched my skirt flow around my legs as I began
my final task.  She tasted wonderful and I lapped at her
pussy, making her moan with pleasure.  A short while later
she grabbed my head and started bucking her pussy into my
face as she shuddered in a magnificent orgasm.  I slowly
continued to lick her juices from her lips until she
pushed me away.  "That was fantastic, Laurie.  And I'm
sure you'll only get better as time goes by."  I said that
the name change was cute but the name is Larry.  She just
smiled and said she would reserve the use of my feminine
name to when I was dressed for her.  I started to remove
the clothes and when I got down to the Panties and Bra, she
said to leave them on and be sure to wear them to class so
while I took the test I would remember the tutoring session.

She helped me remove the makeup and made sure I promised to
wear her lingerie for class.  As I was about to leave, she
said "Your lessons will be every Saturday at 9 AM Laurie,
don't be late and don't forget to wear your lingerie."

All the way home I could feel the silky panties rubbing on
my cock and the tightness of the lacey bra around my chest
and thought it was going to be a Very Interresting Course.

xxx ooo

--
