Copyright © 1997, (Double Secret Author),  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.



"My Tape Recorder Diary",  by Laura McGovern



Friday. I'm going to tell my tape recorder all about what happened to me now that I 
am a big girl. Today I got my first bra! My new mummy - my stepmother - took me 
downtown to have it fitted.  I wondered if I really needed a bra, since I am only 
eleven. When I looked in the mirror I could see my nipples were all puffy, and when 
I stood sideways and looked at myself there seemed to be little fatty mounds poking 
out a little from my flat chest. But Sharon, the girl my Daddy had married after my 
mother ran off with the Bible salesman, thought I needed one. Sharon is only 22 
and very pretty. She has lovely long blonde hair and a nice figure. She saw me 
looking at my naked nipples in the mirror one day and looked at them too. She 
called them RtittiesS and said they were very pretty. She said her titties had started 
to grow when she was about my age and now they were nice and big. She undid 
her blouse and showed me the bra she wore. It was made out of thin material and I 
could see her nipples. They were all big and hard and poked out and her titties 
were really big.  

	Sharon explained what we wanted to the salesgirl, and she picked out 
several packages and took us into a back room. Sharon sat and watched as the 
salesgirl, a pretty girl about her age named Jenny, explained that she would fit the 
right sized starter bra on me. She told me to take my blouse off and looked at my 
chest, cupping my little mounds with both hands. I liked her gentle touch, especially 
when she felt my puffy nipples. For some reason I  started to feel funny in between 
my legs.

	 Jenny told me it was important to wear a bra most of the time so my titties 
would stay nice and firm and not sag when I took it off. She took off her own blouse 
and  said Feel how  nice and firm my tits are. I asked her why she called them tits 
and Sharon called them titties and they both laughed and said there were lots of 
names for them. I liked touching the other girl's big tits, and I  noticed how her 
nipples got hard and poked out like Sharon's were this morning when she showed 
me her bra. Jenny took off her bra and showed me her naked tits, and let me lift 
them to see how heavy they were and feel how hard her nipples were. Jenny 
leaned forward and cupped her tits in both hands and rubbed her nipples against 
my little ones. She said she was comparing their size, but it made me feel even 
funnier in between my legs. I  looked over at Sharon and saw Sharon staring at 
what we were doing.  Sharon touched her own tits a little. I guess she was 
checking to see if her bra fitted right.

	Jenny fitted a starter bra on me, and spent a lot of time touching my little 
titties while she worked. It's a pretty one with thin material over my titties and when I 
looked in the mirror could see my nipples through it. I asked if I  could feel how big 
Jenny's tits were again and Jenny said Sure so I handled the older girl's naked tits 
some more. Sharon asked Jenny if Jenny thought Sharon needed a new bra too, 
and took off her blouse and bra and showed Jenny her naked tits. Jenny cupped 
them and lifted them and Sharon's nipples got hard just like Jenny's. I watched the 
two girls rub their nipples together to compare them. Jenny fitted Sharon with a 
nice new bra, made of really thin material, all gauzy just like mine. When she had it 
on I could see that her nipples were all hard just like mine were. Sharon gave 
Jenny a big kiss to say thanks when she left.

	When we got home we went swimming and when we were in the pool 
together I started thinking about when Jenny fitted my new bra. My  bathing suit 
was an old one and my titties were sort of crowded in it. Sharon swam up and I told 
her I needed a new bathing suit. Yes she said, You do, don't you and she felt the 
way they were all crowded in my bathing suit top. It felt nice when she touched 
them and I asked her if I could feel if hers were crowded too and she said Well they 
are a bit, feel them just to be sure. After we felt each other's titties for awhile Sharon 
said Well we will go downtown again this afternoon and get new bathing suits. I bet 
Jenny has some good ones, and in the meantime we shouldn't let them get all 
squshed in these bathing suits so let's take our tops off. After all no-one can see us 
here. So we did. I liked looking at Sharon's big titties and  she let me feel how they 
bounced up and down in the water.

	That afternoon we went to the shop again and explained what we wanted. 
Jenny took us into the back room again and told me to take off all my clothes. When 
I was all naked she looked me over closely, then told me to  put on my old bathing 
suit so she could see where the problems were. When I had it on she felt the way 
my titties were all squshed in the top and felt down inside the top to see if there was 
any way she could rearrange them so they would fit. It felt nice when she was 
touching my naked titties but in the end she said No its no good you need a new 
top, better take the old one off. So I took the old top off and she felt me all over on 
my bathing suit bottoms to see where it was too small. 

	She felt my bum and said You have a nice little bum but it is so tight in this 
suit, and then she said And the front is so tight I can see the way the bump in 
between your legs pokes out. What do you call it, Laura, she asked and I said 
That's my trickle place. Well she said,  this suit is too small for such a nice big trickle 
place bump and she sort of cupped it with her hand and said feel how it bulges out. 
It felt nice when she touched me there. I don't think there's any spare room at all 
she said and stuck her hand down the front of my bathing suit. See she said, 
there's hardly room for me to get my hand in over your trickle place. No-one had 
ever touched my trickle before. Her soft hand felt even nicer when she was 
touching my naked trickle and I moved my legs apart so she could get her hand 
down a little farther, right down to in between my legs. See, she said, this suit is so 
tight my finger sinks right into your trickle crack. It felt nice when she put her finger 
down along my crack. This trickle place deserves a nice new bathing suit she said. 

	She pulled her hand out and knelt down in front of me and pulled my 
bathing suit bottoms down and looked my naked trickle up close. You will need a 
bigger suit when you start to grow hair on your little trickle place, she said. She 
stood up and lifted up her dress and  showed us her underpants. She said Look 
how much hair I have on my trickle, I need a big bathing suit. Sharon and I looked 
at Jenny's trickle and she said See I have so much hair you can't even see my 
crack with my underpants on. Can you see it with them off asked Sharon and Jenny 
said You can pull them down and see if you like so Sharon knelt in front of her 
while Jenny held her skirt up and  Sharon pulled her underpants down. Wow she 
said even with no underpants I can hardly see your trickle crack under all that hair. I 
bet you can find it though said Jenny and Sharon said I bet I can too and touched 
Jenny's hairy trickle and put her finger in Jenny's crack. I bet it feels nice when 
Sharon puts her finger in your crack I said because it felt nice when you put your 
finger in mine. Yes it does said Jenny would you like to try it? and she let me put 
her finger in her crack under her hair and she said it felt nice. It was the first time I 
had ever touched another girl's crack and it made my own crack feel funny. 

	Jenny got a new two piece bathing suit and I put it on and she made sure it 
fitted over my trickle, by putting her hand in again and showing me there was lots of 
room for her to cup it and even move it up and down along it. One of her fingers sort 
of went into my crack and that felt nice too just like it had before. After she had fitted 
the bottoms she did the same with the top and she made my titties feel all nice. I 
said to Sharon The new one fits nicely, Sharon, come and see, and she put her 
hand down the front of my suit and felt how she could get her hand all the way 
down in front of my naked trickle. She put a finger into my crack too and I liked it 
when she did it. 

	Then they said Well  now it is Sharon's turn and I watched while Jenny did 
the same with Sharon. Sharon got all naked and Jenny felt Sharon's titties all over 
to get the right sized top and made sure it fitted by putting her hands inside the top 
when it was on. Then Sharon put on her old bathing suit bottoms and Jenny felt her 
all over inside her bathing suit. Sharon had to put her legs really wide apart so 
Jenny could get her hand down to in front of her trickle but she has nice fuzzy hair 
on her trickle so there's not as much room anyway. Jenny kept her hand in there a 
long time so she must have been measuring how big a suit she would need. She 
found a really small set of bikini bottoms for Sharon but there was lots of room for 
her hand this time and she felt all around inside it to make sure. Then she said 
Laura do you want to see if Sharon's bathing suit fits properly? and I said Sure so I 
put my hand down the front of her bathing suit and touched her trickle. I liked 
touching Sharon's trickle! I felt all the way down and I was surprised to find it was 
sort of wet at the bottom of her crack, in between the halves of her slit. Oh I said 
your trickle's all wet, Sharon, did you do a pee? And they both laughed and 
Sharon said No it's just because my trickle feels really nice right now.

	Jenny said we were such good customers she would give us new bathing 
suits as presents. Sharon's is a little string bikini, and she put it on while we all 
watched. The top has two little tiny patches that cover just her nipples and you can 
see all the rest of her titties. The bottom bit is just a tiny strip of material about an 
inch wide. Jenny helped her put it on and held her big titties while she was 
adjusting the top bit. The soft hair that Sharon has on her trickle poked out on either 
side of the bottom part and Jenny touched her all over her trickle while they were 
adjusting it. It only just covered her crack and when she tightened it up it slipped 
into her slit and you could see her trickle lips bulging out on either side of it. It's 
almost disappeared inside your trickle crack, Sharon I said and they both laughed. 
Sharon said it felt good there because it rubbed against her  when she walked. 
While I was watching my titties felt sort of funny so I put a hand inside my blouse 
and touched them all over and it felt nice. 

	Then Jenny gave me mine. It's a pretty bikini made of a thin material, all 
white. It's bigger than Sharon's she said but it's special. When it gets wet you can 
see right through it, so you have to be careful when you wear it. You mean you can 
see my trickle I asked and she nodded Yes. I wonder if my Daddy would be mad 
with me if I wore it? Now I'm going to go to sleep and dream about swimming in my 
new bathing suit.



Saturday.

	This morning after breakfast  we put on our new bathing suits and went for a 
swim.  After we came out of the water we lay in the sun on a big sun bed that holds 
two people. I liked looking at Sharon in her new bathing suit and I asked her if it 
fitted all right when it was wet. She looked at me kind of funny and said Yes, does 
yours? And I said yes, and showed her by putting my hand down inside the front 
over my trickle. It felt nice when I touched it, and I put my hand all the way down 
and cupped it and let my finger go inside my crack like Jenny and Sharon had 
done in the shop. I had to spread my legs a bit to get my crack to open up so my 
finger would go inside the big lips and Sharon was looking and said Does it feel 
good when you do that Laura and I said Oh Yes! and she said I think I'd better see 
if my suit does fit properly and she put her hand inside the bottom of her bikini and 
showed me that there was room for it next to her trickle. She left it in there for a long 
time so I know she was making sure there was lots of room.  It's nice making sure 
there's enough room for your trickle, isn't it I said.

	Is there lots of room for your hand next to your trickle I asked her. Sure she 
said I bet you could get your hand in at the same time as mine so I tried it. She 
made room for my hand under hers and I slid mine in right down all the way down 
by her trickle. Your trickle hair is all wet I said Is that water or does your trickle feel 
nice again like when we were in the shop? Sharon laughed and said it was water. 
But if you keep your hand in there and touch my trickle you will make it feel nice 
again. Can you make mine feel nice I asked her. Sure she said I'll help you touch 
your trickle if you like and put her hand inside my bottoms. She found a nice place 
up at the top of my crack where there was a little bump and she played with it while 
I kept my finger in my slit lower down and it felt really good! I copied what she was 
doing and found her little bump and played with it. I felt really good and all funny 
down in my trickle, and I pushed up against Sharon's finger. 

	For some reason my hips started to push up and down all by themselves 
while she played with my bump, faster and faster and all in jerks and then it felt so 
good I couldn't even move and it was hard to breathe and then I relaxed and said 
Wow! That DID make my trickle feel good and Sharon laughed and said Have you 
ever felt like that before Laura and I said No it was great! and she said Now it's your 
turn to do me and I played with her bumpy place till she went the same as me and 
said Have you ever touched another girl's trickle before Laura and I said no but I 
sort of liked  playing with our trickles! I said and she laughed and said So does 
everybody. Was Jenny playing with your trickle in the shop I asked her and she 
said Yes it felt really good too, that's why I asked her over. Oh wow I said Do you 
think she will let us play with her trickle? I'm sure she will said Sharon and she will 
love to play with yours, too. 

	Then we went back into the pool for another swim and Sharon took her top 
off and let her big titties bob around in the water and she let me play with them and 
her nipples got all hard. She took my top off and played with mine too and we 
rubbed them together and it felt nice. I put my hand inside her bikini bottoms again 
and felt her trickle some more. She spread her legs wide apart and said Feel me all 
over honey it feels so good and I said you feel me too! and she said Lets take our 
bottoms off and we can feel each other better, so we did. She said I love your little 
hairless crack Its so nice and smooth and I said I love yours with all the soft hair on 
it and she kissed me and put her tongue in my mouth while we felt each other's 
trickles. 

	Tonight Sharon and I sat in front of each other on her bed  with our legs 
spread wide open and watched each other while we felt our trickles. Sharon 
showed me she has a hole that goes up inside her, and she likes to put her fingers 
in it while she rubs her bump at the top. We got a mirror and I looked at my trickle 
and found my hole and put my finger inside it. Sharon says its lots of fun to put 
things in. We lay beside each other and played with our  trickles as much as we 
wanted before we went to sleep.



Sunday. We are having all sorts of fun today. My Daddy came home this morning! 
Sharon and I were out by the pool. We thought we would wear our special new 
suits, the ones Jenny gave us. Sharon looks great in hers, and the strings at the top 
part let her titties swing while she walks. I like the way the strip at the bottom slips 
into her trickle slit because I can see all her trickle just like she was naked. Sharon 
says it feels really nice when it does because it rubs against all her nice parts 
inside her crack. She bent over and showed me that the strip only goes partway, 
and her bum is all bare, even her hole! When she bent over her titties swung down 
and almost came out of her suit!

	Anyway, while Sharon and I were lying in the sun, my Daddy came around 
the corner and he was talking to someone. It turned out to be Sharon's Daddy and 
my Daddy had brought him home for a surprise!  Sharon's Daddy, his name is 
George, looked at Sharon and said he liked her bathing suit.  My Daddy said he 
liked it too. Look she said it only covers my nipples a little and my bum is all bare! 
Daddy looked at me and he and George admired my new suit too and I said Oh  
Daddy go and get your suit on and we can have a nice swim.  When they came out 
in their bathing suits Sharon said I don't know if this is good for swimming, Dad, 
because it's pretty small and it might come off in the water. My Daddy and he both 
laughed and said if she lost it they would help her find it. I remembered that Jenny 
said you could see through my suit when it got wet and it made me feel funny to 
think that my Daddy and George would be able to see right through it like I was 
naked.

	I dove into the water and so did Daddy and we splashed around for awhile 
and then we rested in the shallow end. When I stood up I was only waist deep in 
the water and I saw Daddy looking at my bikini top and when I looked down at 
myself I saw Jenny was right and you could see right through it. My nipples were 
sticking out hard in the middle of my tittie bumps and Daddy was looking at them. 

My titties are starting to grow, aren't they Daddy, I said, I hope I have nice big ones 
like Sharon does. Yes they are growing he said I guess my little girl is growing up. 
Can I dive down between your legs Daddy I asked and he stood with his legs apart 
and I did. When I went under between his legs I looked at his bathing suit and there 
was a bulge there where his pee thing was. Now it's your turn I said we'll do it in 
turns and I stood with my legs apart and he dove underneath them.  The next time I 
dove down I saw his bulge was a little bigger and when he dove down the next 
time he did it really slowly, keeping his head underwater in front of me, so I think he 
was looking at my bathing suit and I knew he could see my trickle through it.

	Oh I'm tired of swimming I said and got out and sat on the edge of the pool in 
front of Daddy. He looked up at me and I pretended to look away but I watched him 
out of the corner of my eye and he was looking at my titties and then down at my 
trickle. I pretended to relax and let my legs go open a little so he could see in 
between them better.  I felt all funny in between my legs!

	I looked over to where Sharon and her Daddy were standing at the side of 
the pool. Sharon's tits were just under the water and Oh that's funny I thought her 
suit must have come off because her Daddy's adjusting the top part over her titties.  
She looked over at me and winked and  her Daddy looked over at me and smiled. 
He looked at my nipples and my titties while he was feeling Sharon's and I let my 
legs go wider open because my trickle felt all funny and tingly. My own Daddy was 
still standing in front of me with his head at the level of my trickle and I said Do you 
like my new bathing suit Daddy? Yes, he said, it's very nice but did you know that 
when it gets wet you can see through it? My goodness I said and sat up and looked 
down at myself. Oh Daddy, you're right I said, you can see my titties! And look, with 
my legs apart like this you can see all my crack too. Is it naughty to wear a bathing 
suit that lets people see your trickle? I asked. 

	He looked at me sort of funny and Sharon and George heard what I asked 
and they came over and stood beside Daddy and looked at how you could see 
through my bathing suit. Sharon winked at me and said I don't think it matters, I 
mean my suit doesn't hide much she said and Daddy looked at her big titties and 
the way her nipples were all hard and said I guess not so I said Oh that's nice 
because I wouldn't want to do anything that's naughty, Daddy.  George said 
Anyway we are all family Remember Sharon we all go in swimming naked in our 
family and she said That's right Daddy. George asked me how old I was and when I 
said Eleven  he said Well your titties are starting to grow nicely remember Sharon 
when you were eleven your tits hadn't even started to grow yet and now they are 
nice and big. Yes I said and yesterday we got new bras.  I said I would show them 
both how well my new bra fitted. 	

	Oh look I said my bathing suit is dry again you can't see through it any more!

George splashed the top of my suit and got it wet again. There, now we can so Ha 
Ha he said. Well but you can't see my trickle! I said and Daddy ducked down and 
filled his mouth with water and squirted the bottom of my suit with it! I saw what he 
was going to do and I opened my legs as if by accident but so he could get it nice 
and wet. The squirt of water went right hard against my trickle and it felt all funny. 
Well I said if you keep making my bathing suit wet and you can see right through it  
anyway I might as well take it right off! 

	Sharon laughed and said Well maybe you're right and she pulled at the 
strings on her top and they loosened off and she took them right off and her big 
titties started to bounce around in the water. I reached behind me and took my top 
off and I guess it was the cool breeze that made my nipples get all hard. They felt 
tingly and I sort of touched them without meaning to and they felt even better and I 
said Oooo and Daddy said Is anything wrong honey and I said No only my titties 
feel funny. Oh dear he said I hope nothing's wrong and I slipped into the water 
beside  them and said Sharon can you touch them and see if anything feels wrong 
to you. She stood in front of me and touched my little titties and fiddled with the 
nipples and it felt really good and I said Oooo, aaaah! and she said does that feel 
all right? and I said Yes you are making them feel nice  sort of like this and I 
showed her how I liked her to touch my nipples by touching hers. My Daddy and 
hers watched us touching each other's nipples  and they sort of looked funny at 
each other.

	George said Remember Sharon how I could cover your titty with one hand 
when you were fourteen and now each one is a double handful, look! and he held 
one of her big tits in both hands. Which one is bigger,  Henry he asked talking to my 
father and Daddy looked at George  and said I don't know let's see and cupped 
Sharon's other tit in both of his hands. Ooo, that feels nice!  said Sharon I love it 
when you play with my titties! 

	I remembered I was going to take off the rest of my bathing suit and  while 
they were busy holding Sharon's tits I undid the side knots and let it float off me as 
if it had come off by accident. Oh my goodness I said my bikini bottoms have come 
off and I'm all bare naked! My Daddy and George ducked down in the water to see 
if they could find it but it had floated away and they were mostly looking right 
around me anyway right in front of my naked trickle. They came back and said they 
couldn't find my bikini bottoms and Sharon said That's all right  we were going to 
take our suits off anyway and undid her other strings and took her suit bottoms off. 

	There she said now we are topless and bottomless, Laura.  I giggled and 
said With nice big titties like yours you aren't topless Sharon and she laughed and 
said No and we both have nice bottoms don't we and she stepped close to me and 
felt my bum so I felt hers too. I guess we are the slow ones said George and my 
Daddy looked at him and then at me and pushed his suit down and he had  a big 
long straight thing sticking out from his middle. I remembered what Sharon had 
said about his pee thing getting big and hard and I said Oh Daddy, something's 
wrong with your pee thing! It's all big and hard and sticking out! Sharon laughed 
and said Oh that's your Daddy's magic stir stick, my Daddy has one just like it, don't 
you Daddy.  George laughed and took his suit off and his stir stick was just as big 
as my Daddy's, about eight inches long and nearly two inches across.

	Why are they called stir sticks I asked and Sharon said Because they stir up 
my insides. What do you mean I said How could they stir up your insides? Well she 
said They go into the hole in my trickle that goes up insides me Wow I said why you 
do that? Because it feels nice, she said.

	Now we were all naked we played in the water together and I got Daddy and 
George to let me dive under their legs so I could have a close up look at their stir 
sticks when I went under their legs.  They had a hole in the end of the big knobby 
part and they bounced in the water, and there was a big loose sort of baggy thing 
that hung down underneath their stir sticks. They went under my legs as well and 
Sharon's too and after awhile I said well I'm tired I'm going to lie in the sun and get 
a tan so I got out and so did George. 

	We dried ourselves off and he looked at me and said You're a very pretty 
little girl Laura. I asked him why he said that and he said You have lovely dark hair 
and a pretty face, and are starting to get a nice figure too. I said But my titties are 
only just starting to grow and he said Yes but your nipples are nice and big and 
puffy and  your bum is nice and round and firm and you are slim without being too 
skinny and your belly is nice and flat and best of all you have a nice big bump right 
here and he pointed to the big bulge that my trickle makes where the fat lips of my 
crack are on either side of my slit. Why is that good I asked looking down at it. Well 
he said it means that you will grow into a beautiful girl and have lots of fun with 
boys. Boys like a girl with a big bump there that sticks out farther than their belly he 
said What do you call it Laura he asked  so I said that's my trickle and he said you 
have a lovely trickle, trickles are so nice when they have no hair on them like yours. 
When will my trickle hair grow I asked him and he said Well Sharon was about 
twelve when hers started to grow.

	  I was all dry and I lay down on my towel and said I think I'll get a tan now 
and he said You'd better have some sun lotion on you to keep you from burning I'll 
rub some on if you like, I said OK and rolled over on my tummy and he knelt beside 
me. He put some on my back and rubbed it in and his hands were all big and firm 
and it felt good and after that he did my legs and when he worked his way all the 
way up my legs he put some stuff on my bum and rubbed it in and it felt really good 
when he rubbed it into my bum because he took a long time and sort of handled 
each of my bum parts with both hands at once and I moved my legs a bit apart so 
he could get down at the bottom of my bum and the tops of my legs  and when he 
rubbed it in his fingers went right into my bum crack and it felt all funny specially 
when he rubbed his fingers along my crack and past the hole in my bum.

	 I felt it twitching and moving all by itself and I giggled and he asked me what 
I was giggling at and I said It feels funny when you touch the hole in my bum. Then 
he tickled it a little and made me laugh and I turned over so he could do my front. 
He oiled all over my neck and arms and then he put lots of oil on his hands and 
rubbed my tummy and then my titties. When he rubbed my titties  and put the 
slippery oil on my nipples it felt really good and I sort of twisted and said Oooo, and 
he said Does it feel good? and I said It sure does and he said Sharon has always 
liked me to rub oil on her and I said did you used to do this with her? and he said 
Oh yes even when she was little it was important that she didn't get sunburned so I 
always rubbed lots of oil all over her body. Even into her titties I asked and he said 
Yes even before she had titties and into her cute little trickle too. 

	He put oil on my tummy and started to rub it into my tummy and down onto 
my trickle bump and he said You have a lovely trickle bump Laura it's so nice and 
big and soft and he put his hand over it and slid it down to where my crack went in 
between my legs and his hand felt so lovely and smooth and warm I spread my 
legs wider apart so he could rub the oil in better. Does that feel good? he asked Oh 
yes I said and wiggled a little bit and pushed up against his hand.  He pressed his 
fingers down against my trickle and slipped his middle finger into my crack and slid 
it up and down against all the nice parts inside. 

	Will you show me how you make yourself feel good by touching yourself in 
between your legs? he asked and I said How do you know I touch myself there and 
he laughed and said all little girls touch their trickles  and make themselves feel 
nice sooner or later. Sharon started doing it when she was only three years old and 
I bet you do, don't you? I was shy but I nodded  Yes and he took his hand away and 
put both hands on my titties. I'll put some more oil on your nipples while you show 
me he said, OK?  

	He sat up a little more and I looked at the big thing sticking up in front of him 
and sort of poking over me and he saw me looking at it. He said Have you ever 
seen something like this before Laura and I said Oh no any time I saw my Daddy's 
it was always little and soft I don't know what's the matter with it today and he 
laughed and said Your Daddy is just feeling happy in a special way and that's why 
it's all big and hard. Do you feel happy in a special way I asked him and he said Oh 
yes, it makes me very happy to help you rub oil into you and watch you while you 
show me how you rub your trickle. Do you like doing this with young girls? I asked 
and he laughed and said Oh yes I like doing everything with young girls, specially 
when they are as pretty as you and specially when we have no clothes on. 

	I put my hands in between my legs and found all the nice parts there and he 
had made them so nice and slippery with the oil it felt even better than usual and 
besides I liked looking at the big thing he had sticking out in front of him. He put his 
head closer and looked in between my legs at my crack, my trickle, and I showed 
him where I liked to rub it and play with it and he kept touching my nipples while I 
did it and I got all feeling good and hot and my hips moved up and down fast and 
then I felt the best and after I lay back and he said Well I bet that felt good didn't it 
and I said Oh wow yeah!. I liked looking at your big stir stick I said and he said You 
know I should really have some oil on it to keep it from getting sunburned and I said 
Shall I put some on it for you and he said Yes that would be very nice. You don't 
have to move he said Just put some oil on it and smooth it in. 

	He knelt right beside me and his hard thing poked out over my titties and I 
put a line of oil on it from the bottle and some of it dripped off and onto my titties. I 
used both hands to rub his hard thing because it was so big and thick and he said 
Is this the first time you've ever touched a man's thing Laura? and I said Yes and 
he said What do you think of it and I said it feels funny all soft skin on the outside 
but hard underneath and it's nice and warm, too. Ahhhh that's nice he said you're 
doing a good job. Did Sharon do this for you I asked and he said Oh yes Sharon 
and her brothers and sisters all do it.  They do it to each other, too. 

	Don't forget my balls he said, rub the oil into my balls too and I put some 
more oil on my hands and cuddled the thing that hung down underneath his hard 
thing. It was like a bag made out of skin and there were two big round things inside 
that moved all around when I felt them. Are these your balls I asked him, What are 
they for? and he said They make a special cream and when I want to I can make it 
come out the hole in the end of my stir stick. Oh, that's funny I said Will you show 
me? Sure he said if you want to.

	Just about then my Daddy and Sharon got out of the pool and came over to 
where we were. Hi Daddy I said Sharon's Daddy rubbed some oil on me so I 
wouldn't get all sunburned and now I'm doing the same for him. Daddy's thing was 
all little again like it usually was but when he saw me rubbing the oil into Sharon's 
Daddy's thing it started to get all big again. Wow Daddy I said your pee thing is 
turning into a stir stick again just like Sharon's Daddy's! Would you like me to put 
some oil on it so it won't get sunburned? My Daddy looked at me and I saw him 
looking at my trickle and I still had my legs all wide open from when I was playing 
with it  and he could see all in between my legs and he looked at Sharon and she 
put her hand on his thing and said It feels pretty dry to me I think you'd better take 
Laura up on her offer. I'll get the video camera she said and we'll make a nice 
family film. In a minute she was back with the camera and started filming. 

	My Daddy knelt down opposite Sharon's Daddy with his thing poking out 
over my titties and I put oil on it and started rubbing it in like I  was doing with 
Sharon's Daddy. That's a cute picture said Sharon with you rubbing oil up and 
down both your Daddy's and my Daddy's things at the same time and she took a 
closeup picture of just my face and hands and their two things. I touched the big 
sort of helmet things at the ends together and rubbed them on each other. Look I 
said I am rubbing your big stir sticks together  and they looked at each other sort of 
funny. 

	There's some extra oil on my titties Daddy I said you can rub it into them if 
you want to because the stuff that Sharon's Daddy rubbed in might be gone now. 
Sharon's Daddy said I explained to Laura how important it is to have lots of sun oil  
all over her so she doesn't burn, specially on her little trickle because it is nice and 
smooth and has no hair on it to keep off the sun. This is such a special trickle that it 
needs a lot of oil and he put a little oil on his hand and slipped it down my tummy 
and cupped the mound of my trickle with it and slid his hand around on my trickle 
and into my crack to rub it in. My Daddy watched him rubbing it into my trickle while 
I made his big thing all nice and slippery with the oil and then he said I think I'd 
better check if my little girl's trickle has enough oil on it and Sharon's Daddy took 
his hand away and started touching my nipples and my Daddy put his hand on my 
barenaked trickle. 

	Is this the first time your Daddy has touched your little trickle Sharon's Daddy 
asked me and I said Yes and it feels nice Daddy if you like I'll show you how I rub it 
and make myself feel good. I showed Sharon's Daddy already. I let go of Sharon's 
Daddy's thing and showed my Daddy where I like to touch myself in between my 
legs and Sharon's Daddy put a little oil on my nipples and then took his big thing in 
one hand and touched my nipples with his thing! What are you doing I giggled and 
he said I'm just using this to rub the oil in. It felt lovely because the big purple knob 
at the end of his thing was all velvety and it made my nipple feel so nice. Why don't 
you do that with my other nipple Daddy I asked and Sharon's Daddy said even 
better why don't you get in between Laura's legs and she can rub the oil into her 
little trickle with her very own Daddy's stir stick! She can rub it all around and I bet 
she'll find some places to rub it that will make her feel just lovely, like when she 
uses her fingers. 

	Oh yes Daddy let's do that I said and Daddy knelt in between my legs and 
sort of leaned forward so his thing was poking out over my bare naked trickle. I took 
hold of it with both hands and made it touch me inside my crack and the velvety 
head felt lovely. Do you like that Laura asked Daddy and I said Oh yes Daddy it 
feels lovely and Sharon's Daddy asked me where it felt the best and I said Oh I 
don't know my special place at the top feels nice and I like tickling my peehole with 
it too and I like moving it up and down past those funny little lips inside that are 
around the hole that goes up inside me. Have you ever put anything inside your 
hole asked Sharon's Daddy and I didn't want to get Sharon in trouble so I said Just 
my finger.  	

	I rubbed Daddy's thing up and down my crack faster and faster because it 
felt so good and Sharon's Daddy watched what I was doing and rubbed his thing in 
circles over my nipple and I got the lovely feeling again and Sharon's Daddy said 
Now Laura remember I told you about the special cream that I can make come out 
the hole in the end of my stir tick, well I'm going to put my special cream on your 
titties and if you rub it into them it will help them grow and my Daddy said And I will 
put my special cream on your trickle and if you rub it into your trickle it will make the 
hair grow sooner. I was all excited and said Oh Goody and Sharon's Daddy said 
Here it comes Now watch me pump it out and he moved his hand on his thing like 
he was pumping it up and down and pointed it at my titties and suddenly a big 
squirt of thick white stuff came shooting out the hole in the end and splashed right 
on my nipple. Oh Wow I said Its all nice and warm and he kept pumping with his 
hand and every time he pumped it another squirt of cream came out and he made 
some go on each nipple and when they stopped he stirred his cream around with 
the end of his thing and I said Now do I rub it in? and he said No wait a minute till 
your Daddy has put his on your trickle.  

	I rubbed my Daddy's thing into my trickle crack with both hands some more 
and made myself feel really good again and suddenly he said Now, honey, the 
special cream is coming, I'll pump it out like Sharon's Daddy did and he held onto 
his thing and pumped it up and down while he rubbed the end up and down my 
crack right over where the little lips and my hole are. You hold your hole open 
honey and I'll see if I can squirt some right in there he said and I did and I lifted my 
head up and looked down and just as I did he started to squirt the cream onto my 
trickle. Oh that's nice Daddy I said keep doing it and he made most of the cream go 
into my hole but some squirted up onto my special place and dribbled down over 
my pee hole and I giggled because it felt so funny. When the cream stopped 
coming out  Sharon took a nice close picture of the cream all over my titties and all 
over my trickle too, and I held my little lips open so she could see the cream at the 
beginning of my hole. Then I rubbed the cream into my titties and my Daddy got his 
thing all slippy in the cream and rubbed the big head up and down my crack. It was 
so slippery the end of it went right into the beginning of my hole! Oh Daddy I 
giggled your thing is going up inside my hole a little I thought it was so big it 
wouldn't go in. Well he said my stir stick is turning back into a pee thing now and 
it's a little smaller than it was before. 

	I looked at Sharon's Daddy's thing and saw it was getting smaller and 
drooping just like Daddy's. Why are they doing that? I asked Can't we play again? 
and Daddy said Well they are a little tired and need to lie down and rest for awhile 
and Sharon's Daddy said Yes but in a little while they will be able to stand up and 
play again. In the meantime said Sharon lets go and have a shower and Laura and 
I will show you our new bras.

	After we had our shower I asked Sharon Shall we get all dressed and just 
take off our blouses to show our Daddies our bras? Oh no she said let's just put our 
bras on now all by themselves it will be faster. You mean we won't even have any 
underpants on? I said No she said Lets not bother with underpants They only get in 
the way when I want to play with my trickle anyway so I said OK and she said We 
can get Daddy to take a nice video of us in our new bras. We will show them how 
they make our titties nice and firm and how you can see our nipples through them 
and then we can get on the big bed and show them what they are like from different 
angles. 

	We put our bras on and called to our Daddies and they came in and 
Sharon's Daddy took a picture of us standing beside each other with our bras on 
and then zoomed back to show that was all we had on and that  our trickles were 
all bare. We got on the bed and knelt down to show how our titties sort of fell into 
the bra and I wiggled Sharon's titties to show how the bra held them and she did 
the same with mine. Then she took hers off to show how her  titties would hang 
down without her bra on and I did too and my little titty bumps seemed to be bigger 
when they were like that. My Daddy felt Sharon's to see how big they were and 
then he felt mine and compared them and I liked it when he touched my nipples. 
Sharon lay down on her back all naked and said Oh I feel all funny in between my 
legs Laura and I said I do too a little and she said My trickle is all itchy and tingly I 
think I'd better play with it a little and she opened her legs a little and put her finger 
in her crack and started rubbing it up and down and her Daddy took a picture of her 
rubbing her crack.

	 I felt all funny too and I lay down beside her and said Should I play with my 
trickle too? and she said Sure, it will be nice to have a video of us both making 
ourselves feel nice at the same time. Sharon's Daddy took a nice close picture of 
me all bare naked and then spreading my legs  wide apart and making my trickle 
crack open up so he could see in between my legs better. I put both hands in my 
trickle crack and played with my special place and put a finger in my hole that my 
Daddy had put his special cream in. Sharon got her lovely feeling before me and 
when she was finished she sat up and watched me rubbing my fingers up and 
down in my little crack. Oh Laura I love your trickle Sharon said it's so smooth and  
nice Let me help you feel good and she leaned over and started to play with my 
trickle and I lay back and relaxed and played with her big titties that hung down and 
her nipples got all hard again. 

	Oh this trickle is so lovely she said I love nice little trickles with no hair on 
them I just have to give it a great big kiss and she leaned forward and kissed the 
top part of my slit, the part right over my special place! I was so surprised I just 
giggled and she said Was that nice and I said I guess so and she said What about 
this then and kissed my trickle again, lower down and then she kissed it all over. I 
made my legs go a little wider  so she could get her head in between them better 
and then I felt the tip of her tongue stick out and give my little crack a lick, right by 
the little lips around my hole. What are you doing I asked her I was just licking up 
some of the nice gooey stuff that leaks out of your hole she said It tastes so lovely 
what does it feel like and I said It feels nice Shall I do it some more she said and I 
said Oh Yes! and she licked me again all over my trickle. 

	It felt even better than when I played with myself and she made the good 
feeling come and I bounced up and down Oh that's nice she said You made some 
more of that lovely gooey stuff and Sharon's Daddy said Can I take a picture of the 
gooey stuff coming out of Laura's hole? and I said Sure and I pulled my hole open 
and he took a nice close picture of it with the stuff coming out and my bare trickle all 
wet from Sharon licking it. 

	Does it really taste good I asked and Sharon said If you put your finger in 
your hole you can get some on it and see for yourself so I put my finger in my hole 
and tasted the stuff that was coming out of it. It was all slippery and thick, but clear, 
and it did taste nice. Oh it is nice I said and my Daddy said Can I have a little Laura 
and I said Sure just put your finger in my hole and get some and he said Oh no I'll 
just see if I can lick up that nice little drop at the entrance to your hole so he knelt on 
the bed and  licked in between my legs to get the gooey stuff out. Oh Daddy I 
laughed that feels funny you are sticking your tongue up my hole! It does taste nice 
he said and after he had licked in between my legs for awhile I started to get the 
lovely feeling again and when he stopped he took the camera and Sharon's Daddy 
licked me on my trickle and made me feel all nice again. 

	Sharon was lying down on the bed playing with her trickle while she 
watched us and her Daddy said I wonder if Sharon's juice tastes the same and she 
said I don't know Daddy why don't you lick me and find out so he did and then I 
licked her and after I licked her my Daddy said Lets play a game and she said What 
kind of game and he said I bet you can hide my stir stick in between your titties and 
she said Well I don't know but lets try. Oh I said your pee things have turned back 
into stir sticks again Oh goody! now we can have some fun like before. That's right 
said Sharon's Daddy Let's see if your Daddy can hide his in between Sharon's 
titties. 

	 My Daddy sort of sat on Sharon's middle and put his stir stick in between 
her titties and she took one in each hand and squshed them together. Oh yes I said 
it's all hidden, no he said the end is sticking out up by her chin and he pulled it 
back so you couldn't see the end any more Now the bottom is sticking out he said 
That feels good said Sharon when you make it go back and forth like that. it makes 
my titties feel all funny.  Should I do it some more, then? he asked her and she said 
Oh yes and I said Maybe my Daddy can put some of his special cream on your 
titties and make them get even bigger and they laughed and Daddy said What a 
good idea. Sharon's Daddy said the cream is good for you too, it's very nourishing 
and goes very well with the gooey stuff from a girl's hole. 

	After they had moved back and forth for awhile he said I'm going to pump out 
my special cream now and she said Oh good I'll give you a nice target and she 
opened her mouth. What about if my Daddy misses the target I asked and Sharon's 
Daddy said the cream is good for your complexion too, you rub it in just like you 
rubbed it into your titties and your trickle. Then my Daddy held onto his big thing 
and pointed it right at Sharon's face and said Here it comes! and it started to squirt 
big white blobs at her just like it squirted them onto my trickle when we were 
outside. Most of them went right into her mouth but some of them landed on her 
cheek and a couple hit her nose and slid down into her mouth that way. When it 
had stopped squirting he asked her Do you want the last bits and she nodded and 
he lifted up and she took his big thing and pulled it forward so it went right into her 
mouth! Mmmm she said and put as much as she could in and sucked and licked on 
it while it got all soft again. Wow I said I didn't know you could do that doesn't it 
taste like, you know, and I was embarrassed. You mean like pee? asked Sharon's 
Daddy, still taking pictures of his daughter sucking on the big thing. No, it doesn't, 
just like your trickle didn't. Sometimes it's a good thing to suck on a man's thing 
right from the start because then you don't miss any of the special cream. Sharon 
used her fingers to get all the little piles and splots of cream into her mouth. Mmmm 
she said again is that ever good!

	I can't do what Sharon did I said because I don't have nice big titties like 
hers. Never mind said Sharon's Daddy If you want to I will sit over you like your 
Daddy sat over Sharon and you can pump my thing up and down like I do and see 
if you can pump the cream out. Then when it comes out you can catch it in your 
mouth if you want to or just let it squirt on your titties again. Oh I want the cream to 
squirt on my face and into my mouth I said I'll open my mouth nice and wide and 
make a good target for you to hit.  Sharon took the video camera as her Daddy 
showed me how to pump his thing. I can't get my hand around it I said and he 
showed me how to use both hands to pump it. 

	My Daddy got behind him and started feeling my trickle again and I opened 
my legs nice and wide so he could do it better. He spread my hole open with one 
hand and wet his finger and slipped it up inside my hole and wiggled it around. Oh 
Daddy I said it feels funny with your finger up in my hole I can feel it wiggling 
around in my insides. Shall I stop he asked me Oh no I said keep doing it because 
it's making me feel all nice. So my Daddy put his finger up in my insides  while I 
pumped up and down on Sharon's Daddy's thing and when he told me that the 
cream was going to come out soon I opened my mouth really wide and raised  my 
head so it was as close as I could get to the end of his thing. 

	He held my head up with one hand and said I'll pump it all out now and held 
his thing just in front of my open mouth and pumped on it with his other hand. I 
smiled up at Sharon because she was taking a nice close picture of just my face 
and my open mouth and her Daddy's big thing and just then he pumped out a big 
lump of cream and it flew straight into my mouth and landed on my tongue!  It tasted 
sort of salty and sour-sweet but before I could finish tasting it I looked at the big 
purple end of his thing and this time I saw the hole in the end open and a big 
stream of thick white stuff come shooting out towards my mouth. Then more 
squirted out in big gushes and my mouth got pretty full so I gulped it down so I 
wouldn't spill any. 

	By this time I really liked the taste and Sharon's Daddy said as he pumped 
on his thing Do you like that Laura and I nodded my head Yes and he said now if 
you want to I will put it in your mouth and you can suck it and lick it to get the last of 
the cream out and I nodded Yes again so he pulled himself forward and helped by 
holding my head up so I could reach his thing. It was so big I could hardly get the 
big bulgy end into my mouth and my mouth felt all full but it tasted nice and it was 
all warm and velvety smooth. 

	I looked over at Sharon and she was taking a nice close picture of her 
Daddy's thing stretching my mouth so wide open. I sucked on it and licked at it and 
it started to get a little smaller because it was turning into a pee thing again and the 
smaller it got the more of the long part I could get into my mouth. I liked sucking on 
it and I rolled it around in my mouth and felt how funny and soft it was getting. When 
I had sucked out all his cream and swallowed it I let it go out of my mouth and said 
to him how funny it felt the way it got all soft while it was in my mouth. He laughed 
and said Well sometime if you want to you can do it the other way. What do you 
mean I asked and he said well when it is all soft take it and put it in your mouth and 
suck on it and it will get all nice and big and turn into a stir stick right inside your 
mouth! When shall I do that I asked and he said Well any time you want to is all 
right with me so I decided I would do it soon.

	It's later now, just before I got to bed. We were all sitting around watching TV 
after supper and I remembered what Sharon's Daddy had said about making a pee 
thing get hard by putting it in my mouth. He was sitting across the room but my 
Daddy was sitting next to me and I looked down at his thing and it was all soft and 
little. None of us had any clothes on because Sharon said that way we could play 
with ourselves or each other whenever we wanted to. So I just leaned over his lap 
and took his thing and lifted it up and put the whole thing in my mouth, all of a 
sudden. It all fitted because it was all soft and little and I rubbed my tongue over it 
and it tasted all warm and nice. Daddy said What are you doing, Laura and Sharon 
said it looks like Laura's going to suck it and make it all hard, is that right Laura? My 
mouth was full of my Daddy's thing so I couldn't say anything but I looked sideways 
over at her and nodded Yes. 

	Daddy's thing was getting bigger already and I could feel it starting to get 
harder under the soft skin. As it got bigger around I had to open my mouth wider 
and the longer it got the more I had to let slide out of my mouth and then when it 
was all big and hard I  had my mouth opened really wide around it and I could only 
get the big helmet-shaped knob and a little of the stem in. Sharon had picked up 
the video camera and started taking pictures of me as soon as she saw what I was 
doing and her Daddy was watching us and his thing was a stir stick already. When 
Daddy's was all big Sharon's Daddy said Would you like to make it squirt right in 
your mouth Laura? and I looked over sideways at him and nodded Yes because 
my mouth was all full of my Daddy's big hard thing.

	Okay he said if you like I'll tell you one good way to do it and it's the way 
Sharon used to do it with me when she was little and couldn't get it all in her mouth. 
You just suck and lick on the knobby part and tickle it with your tongue and make 
your Daddy's thing go in and out of your mouth as much as you can, and while you 
do that you pump on the part that won't fit, and that will pump out the cream. How 
about if I lie down on the carpet said Daddy and that way you can kneel over me 
and while you suck on me I can see your trickle and play with it and maybe even 
lick it a little if you like. I took his thing out of my mouth and said Oh yes Daddy that 
would be lovely and he lay down on the floor with his big thing sticking up in the air. 
I climbed over him and squatted so my trickle was right in front of his face and I was 
facing his stir stick. I leaned forward and put it back in my mouth and he said Oh 
that feels so nice and your trickle is all nice and wide open just in front of my face. 
Then he spread it wider open with both hands. 

	Look Sharon he said come and take a picture of how wide open my little 
girl's hole is and she went around behind me and took a picture while he put his 
finger up in my hole and wiggled it around in my insides.  Then he started licking 
me all over in between my legs while I sucked on his thing. He made me feel all 
nice and happy and then he said The cream will come out soon are you ready for 
it? and I nodded Yes and licked on the bulgy part faster. That's it said Sharon's 
Daddy who was watching me When your Daddy's thing starts to pump you just lick 
the top part  and let him do the pumping because he knows how to get the most out 
and you want as much as you can get of your Daddy's special cream, don't you. 

	I nodded and he said Try not to swallow it all right at first even though it 
tastes so good, but keep your mouth as full as you can so you can enjoy the 
flavour, and when you're finished you can show us how much you can hold in your 
mouth, ok? and I nodded OK and then Daddy said  Here it comes honey and I 
licked his thing faster as he started to pump it up and down and suddenly there was 
a whole lot of hot thick stuff in my mouth. It hit the back of my throat in a big splurtch 
and was dribbling onto my tongue when the second bunch came out and then I 
couldn't count them all because the stuff was coming out so fast and filling my 
mouth up. I let my cheeks bulge out so I could hold more and then my mouth was 
so full that some stuff squirted out from around one side of my Daddy's thing and 
dribbled down the long part where his hand was pumping up and down. I looked 
over at Sharon and she was taking a close picture of my face all full of Daddy's 
thing and my cheeks bulging with his cream and some of it dribbling out of my 
mouth. I had to swallow a little then because I didn't want to waste it and it felt all 
gloopy as it went down into my tummy. That made some room and when it stopped 
squirting I kept it in my mouth and felt it get all soft again. 

	I lifted up my mouth carefully off his thing so I wouldn't spill any and Sharon 
said Now tilt your head back and open wide and show us what your Daddy gave 
you to drink! She took a close picture of just my face and I opened my mouth and 
showed them that it was all full of the stuff my Daddy made in his body and put into 
my mouth. Sharon's Daddy stood alongside her and said You have a real mouthful 
there Laura it's like a white lake inside your mouth. Pretend your tongue is a 
monster in the lake and let it poke up through the white stuff so I showed them my 
tongue being a monster in my Daddy's cream lake in my mouth. Oh that's a lovely 
picture said Sharon I know we will love looking at it later and now if you want your 
hot creamy drink you can swallow it down. I gulped it down and it felt so lovely and 
thick sliding down into my tummy.

	Well said Sharon Your Daddy's stir stick has turned back into a pee thing 
again but my Daddy' is still big and hard.  Yes said her Daddy I think we should find 
a place to put it. Daddy and I sat back down on the couch and Daddy said Laura 
and I will watch while you find a place to hide that big stick. Sharon lay back on the 
couch and spread her legs wide open and played with her trickle and her Daddy 
said What do you think Laura have you got any ideas? I looked at Sharon and  
remembered what Sharon had said about the stir stick stirring up her insides when 
he put it in the hole in her trickle. I saw she was putting two fingers into the hole in 
her trickle and I said How about hiding it in her trickle hole? He could stir up your 
insides with his big stir stick! 

	Sharon said What a good idea! What made you think of that, Laura? and I 
said Well when we were outside today and Daddy was pumping his cream onto my 
trickle he put the end part into my hole a little when it was starting to get smaller, 
and it felt really nice. Well said Sharon's Daddy let's try it then and my Daddy took 
the video camera while Sharon moved her bum to the edge of the couch and her 
Daddy knelt in front of her so his thing was by her hole. Maybe you can help us 
Laura said Sharon How about if you lick my trickle and make it nice and wet so my 
Daddy's thing will go in easier, because it's so big and I said Sure and her Daddy 
said and you can lick my stir stick and make it all wet too and that will be even 
better so I licked Sharon's hole and her Daddy's big hard thing. And then Sharon 
said Now hold onto it and put it at the beginning of my hole and in the right place 
and my Daddy will make it go into me. 

	She held her hole open and when I put her Daddy's thing in the right place 
he pushed forward and I watched up close while it went inside her. Ohh, she said 
that's so nice, that was a good idea Laura Daddy's thing is so much better than my 
fingers. When he had it in all the way I said Wow it all fit and she said Oh yes I'm so 
nice and full now and they started moving back and forth so it went in and out of her 
partway. That's a funny way to pump it I said giggling Will you put your cream in 
Sharon's insides? Well that's an idea he said What do you think? And he looked 
up at Daddy. It's OK by me Daddy said and I said Isn't it a waste of all that nice 
cream? and Sharon said Why, would you like it Laura? and I nodded and said Yes 
because it tastes so good and Sharon said Well after my Daddy has made his 
cream go up in my insides I will sit over you and you can lick my trickle like you did 
just now and I bet if you lick hard enough you can get all the cream to come out of 
my trickle hole. Oh goody I said and after awhile Sharon and her Daddy moved 
faster and faster and then stopped and when he pulled his thing out it was all little 
and soft again. 

	Did you put the cream in Sharon's hole? I asked him and he said Yes now if 
you lie down she will sit over you and you can lick her trickle and get your drink. I 
lay down on the carpet and Sharon squatted over me. Her hole was still all wide 
open from her Daddy's thing being in it and I could see right up it and see some of 
the cream he had put there. It started to dribble down and I licked her all over while 
I waited for the cream to come out. I caught it all in my mouth when it came out and 
it was all mixed up with Sharon's juice and that made it taste even better. 

	Was it really nice having your Daddy's big stir stick in your hole? I asked 
Sharon after the stuff stopped dribbling out. Oh yes she said  I always like it when 
Daddy puts it in me. He's been doing it since I was little. Littler than me? I asked. 
Yes, honey, littler than you,said her Daddy. 

	He knelt beside me and Sharon and smoothed his hand down from my titties 
down my tummy to where my trickle bump poked up. Sharon's trickle was all soft 
and smooth with no hair on it, just like yours, and I used to touch it just like I am 
touching yours. Remember I told you when we were by the pool that I used to put 
oil all over her, well I used to put oil on her trickle after her bath too and rub her  in 
between her legs and make her feel good. How come you never did that with me 
Daddy I said I wish you had! and he just said Well I didn't know if I should. Sharon's 
Daddy tickled me on my trickle crack and I giggled and spread my legs a bit, lifting 
my knees up and letting them flop off to the sides so my crack was wide open. He 
licked his finger and slipped it into my trickle hole and wiggled it around. 

	Are you going to put your stir stick in me? I asked him. Would you like me to? 
he said. Oh yes! I said. Your finger feels nice but I keep thinking it doesn't go in far 
enough and it isn't big enough around. Well honey my pee thing is still all soft, but 
your Daddy has a nice stir stick all ready. Would you like to put that big thing into 
your little girl and stir up her insides? he asked my Daddy. My Daddy looked at him 
sort of funny and said How old was Sharon when you and she did it first? and 
Sharon's Daddy laughed and said I don't know, about six I think but she was 
always putting things into her hole and maybe it was big for her age. I don't know if 
mine will fit inside your little hole said my Daddy looking at Sharon's Daddy making 
his finger go in and out of my hole while we talked. Can we try anyway? I said and 
he said Sure if you want to. I've got some nice jelly stuff said Sharon's Daddy and 
we can put it on your Daddy's stir stick and at the beginning of your hole and it will 
make it go in much easier. 

	Oh I said because I was disappointed I thought somebody could lick my hole 
like I licked Sharon's before you put yours in her and Sharon's Daddy laughed and 
said You like getting your hole licked, don't you and I nodded Yes and he said Well 
I will lick your hole first and then we will put the jelly on it and that will be even 
better. And I will suck on your Daddy's stir stick said Sharon. The best way to do it 
the first time said Sharon's Daddy is for your Daddy to lie on his back and you get 
over him. That way you can get your legs nice and wide open over top of his thing 
and then lower yourself down so it goes into your trickle hole. Then if you find it's 
too big around and it won't fit you can stop, and if it's too long and goes too far up 
inside you you can only put as much in as you want to. Daddy got on the floor and 
Sharon licked his thing and put some stuff out of a jar with a big K-Y on it and made 
it all shiny. She took the camera so she could make some more nice videos of us 
having fun.

	Sharon's Daddy licked my trickle and made it all wet and slopped the jelly in 
my trickle and got it all gloopy and put some up in my hole too!  Oooo I said that 
feels nice already because his finger slipped into me really easily with all the slippy 
stuff in my hole. Then I squatted over Daddy's thing and held onto his thing and 
made it go at the beginning of my hole. I was all excited at having my Daddy's thing 
go inside me for the first time and I spread my little lips all nice and wide and put 
the big purple end bit in between them. It felt lovely, all slippy with the jelly stuff, and 
I bounced up and down on it a little just at the beginning  of my hole because it 
tickled me. It was so big it almost felt like I wouldn't be able to get it in, but it felt so 
good I said Oh wow! and Sharon said Is that nice? and I said Oh yes! and as I was 
bouncing up and down I found that my hole was stretching around my Daddy's 
thing and more of it was going up inside me. Oh, Daddy! I said Your thing is so big 
around!  Sharon took a nice close picture of me sliding my trickle hole down 
around my Daddy's thing. Oh that's a nice picture she said You have your legs nice 
and wide apart and there's no hair on your trickle to get in the way of  your Daddy's 
thing going into it. Oh Daddy I said this is much better than somebody's finger and I 
kept moving up and down and every time I went down I let some more go up inside 
me and every time it felt better. 

	Oh wow I said this is like when I play with my special place or somebody is 
licking me I'm going to have that nice feeling! and I kept sitting down more on him 
and putting more in. Then suddenly I sat down on my Daddy! Oh Daddy I said it's 
all inside me! Yes honey he said I was watching you sitting down on my stir stick 
Do you like it? Oh Yes! I said I feel all full in my insides Now I will stir it around and I 
moved around a little to make it move inside me. I giggled because it felt funny the 
way it stirred up all the places in my insides. I like going up and down on it the best 
I said after awhile Can I do that Daddy and make the nice feeling come? and he 
said Sure and I will make some of that nice cream come out and go into your hole, 
how about that? Oh yes I said, squirt it way up in my insides and Sharon can lick it 
out. Or I will said Sharon's Daddy and my Daddy looked up at him and said Really? 
and he said Sure and my Daddy said Well well. 

	I bounced up and down on my Daddy's stir stick faster and faster and soon 
the feeling came even better than when I played with my trickle and then Daddy 
said Here's the cream, Laura, and I felt something moving way up in my insides. Oh 
Daddy I said I can feel your cream hitting against my insides! It feels so funny! and I 
moved around and made his thing stir me up some more. When it stopped squirting 
I sat there for a minute and then got off him and Sharon's Daddy lay down beside 
me and I squatted so my trickle was just over his mouth and let him lick all in 
between my legs.  Oh I said My Daddy got all his big thing inside my hole, didn't he 
and he said He sure did and he made your hole open up nice and wide too. I 
looked down in between my legs and watched him lick my hole while the cream 
ran out of it in big globs. He put a lot of cream in my hole didn't he I said and in 
between slurps he said He sure did and it tastes lovely all mixed with your juices.

	My Daddy was still lying beside Sharon's Daddy and he said I didn't know 
you liked a drink of cream and Sharon's Daddy said Sure, do you? and my Daddy 
said Yes, actually and Sharon's Daddy said Well you can pump some out if you 
want to. Have a drink if you're thirsty he said and I saw that his pee thing was all 
hard again. My Daddy took hold of Sharon's Daddy's big stir stick and lifted it so it 
was straight up and down. I said Are you going to pump out some cream, Daddy? 
and he said Yes, I think I will and I said Are you going to put Sharon's Daddy's 
thing in your mouth and drink his cream? and he said Yes I think I'll do that too and 
I said Oh goody I'll watch you and Sharon said and I'll take a nice video of your 
Daddy sucking on my Daddy's stir stick.

	Daddy pumped on the big stir stick for awhile and then got up on his hands 
and knees so he could get his mouth over it better. He licked the top part of it and 
then put it in his mouth and started sucking up and down on it. Sharon's Daddy 
reached under Daddy's belly and began to play with his pee thing. It got all hard 
again and Daddy sucked harder on Sharon's Daddy's pee thing. Then he started 
jerking his bum up and down and Daddy moved his head up so just the end bit was 
in his mouth and pumped the rest up and down. Are you making the cream go in 
my Daddy's mouth I asked and Sharon's Daddy nodded Yes. When he was 
finished my Daddy said Well that was great I haven't done that in a long time and 
Sharon's Daddy said Next time I'll suck yours if you like and my Daddy said Sure. 

	Then we went to bed and Sharon's Daddy asked if he could sleep in the 
same bed as me because he thought it would be more cozy than the spare bed. 
Yes I said but the spare bed is bigger Well he said that's even better. Come and 
sleep with me in that big bed and keep me from being all lonely. Is it OK Daddy I 
asked and he looked at my little titties and my naked trickle and said Sure if you 
want to. 

	I said I have to do a pee before I go to bed and Sharon's Daddy, I mean 
Grampa said so do I let's both go at the same time so we went into the bathroom 
and I sat on the toilet and he stood in front of me. I said If you have to go badly I can 
wait and he said No no you go ahead. I like watching little girls pee. Lean back a 
little and spread your legs nice and wide so I can see the pee coming out of your 
peehole. Nobody ever watched me pee before I said Did you used to watch 
Sharon pee? and he said Oh yes and she used to watch me too and help me hold 
onto it. We used to play Firehose and make the pee stream go different places. Oh 
wow can I do that I said and he said Sure and stepped a bit closer and said Here 
comes the pee you make it go where you want to. I wasn't really ready and just as I 
put my hand around his thing the pee started to come out of it. It hit me on my 
tummy and it felt funny - it was all nice and warm and it dribbled down my tummy 
and over my trickle and felt sort of tingly. Oh I said and I made the pee stream go 
down into the toilet for a minute but then the tingly feeling in my trickle stopped and 
I wanted it to come again so I moved his pee thing and made the stream of pee go 
right onto my trickle! I pushed my trickle forward and opened my legs some more so 
the nice warm pee could hit it better and it felt so good I said Aaaah! I made it hit me 
on my own peehole and on the bump I like to rub.

	Sharon's Daddy watched me making his pee go on my trickle and he said 
Does that feel nice? and I said Oh yes! It's so lovely and warm and tingly on my 
trickle! When he finished peeing I dried my trickle off and I said Now it's my turn and 
he said Would you like to pee on my thing? Sure I said so he said I will lie in the 
bathtub so we don't make a mess and you can squat over my thing and pee on it if 
you like. Or you can try peeing standing up. Did you ever do that? I giggled and 
said You mean like you did? No I never did! Well he said you just have to hold your 
trickle open so the pee doesn't hit your trickle and dribble down your leg. You can 
make the pee stream move by moving your bum. 

	So he lay down in the tub and I stood beside it and held my trickle open. I 
was so excited and when the pee stream came out it squirted straight onto his 
tummy! He laughed when it splashed onto him and said That's it, now make it go 
on my thing! I moved my bum and made the stream go on his thing and he held it 
up so it would get nice and wet and it started to get hard again. Can you pee on my 
chest? he asked me and I moved my bum again and made the stream go up his 
body. Oh that's nice he said Your pee feels all lovely and hot, and I can see it 
coming out of your pee hole. I looked down to watch my own pee coming out and 
when I looked up I saw that I had moved again and my pee had gone all over his 
face! I stopped peeing and said Oh Grampa I'm sorry That's all right he said it's like 
you're giving me a shower and I have to have it all over, don't I. Besides he said it 
tastes nice Do you have any more for me? I tried pushing down to make the pee 
come but only a little came out and went down my leg. I guess not I said and he 
said Maybe later. 

	When we got into bed I played with his pee thing and made it get all big, and 
he put his fingers in between my legs and made me feel all nice. While we were 
feeling each other I asked Sharon's Daddy to tell me about how he played with 
Sharon's trickle and touched it when she was little.  I always used to give Sharon 
her bath he said and when I was drying her I would touch her in between her legs 
and rub the nice baby oil on her little slit so my fingers would be all smooth and 
slippery and slip inside her slit better. She liked it when I rubbed her there and she 
would bounce up and down and jerk and I knew she was getting the good feeling. 

	She used to come and sit on my knee when I was watching TV and I would 
put my hand up her skirt or her nightdress and feel her crack and play with it. I 
showed her my big stir stick and let her touch it and play with it while I touched her 
crack, and I showed her how to make the cream come out by pumping it. I would 
help her pump it too, and sometimes I would rub it up and down against her little 
crack and put the cream on her crack. Then I showed her how nice it felt when I 
licked her in between her legs and made her get the nice feeling that way. I taught 
her how to lick on the end of my stir stick and make the cream come out that way, 
when she was too little to get even the tip in her mouth. She would put her lips over 
the hole in the end and we would both pump on it and the cream would shoot right 
into her mouth. She always loved the taste. 

	She asked me what her trickle hole was for and I told her men put their stir 
sticks into girls' trickle holes. She liked putting her fingers in her trickle hole and 
would put carrots up inside it as well. When she was about six  she asked me if I 
would try putting my stir stick into it. So we did it just like you and your Daddy did 
today and we've been doing it ever since. Did you like it? 

	Oh Yes! I said it felt so nice and it made me all full up in my insides. Can you 
and I do it? and he said Sure and we put some jelly on and I got on top of him and 
let his thing go up inside me like I did with my Daddy. It was easier this time and it 
felt just as nice and I liked to bounce up and down. He said We can try some 
different positions if you like and he showed me how to do it lying on my back with 
my legs wide open and he got on top of me and put it in that way. Then he had to 
push it in and out instead of me going up and down. Then we tried it with me 
kneeling down and him behind me. That felt good too, and he said Look your titties 
look bigger this way because they hang down a little and he reached forward and 
played with them while he made his thing go in and out of my hole. He tickled my 
bum hole too and made me giggle. After I got the good feeling he made the cream 
go up in my trickle hole and then I sat over his face and he licked my trickle while it 
came out again. I got the good feeling again while he was licking me in between 
my legs.

	You like having your trickle licked, don't you Laura he said and I said I sure 
do! and he said What are you going to do when you are all by yourself with no-one 
to lick it and I said I guess I'll just rub it instead but it won't be as good. Do you like 
animals, Laura? he asked. Sure I said I like Sharon's golden lab Spike, and I like 
our goats and our pigs and our horses and cows. Well he said I bet Spike would 
like licking your little trickle if you  showed him what you wanted. Would you like to 
try it? Do you think it would feel good? I asked him. Well he said dogs usually have 
nice long tongues, I bet it would. OK then I said Lets try it.

	Sharon's Daddy went and brought Spike to our room. He had the video 
camera too and he said I'll take a picture of you playing with the nice doggy. Spike 
is a nice friendly Golden Lab and he ran up to where I was sitting on the side of the 
bed and I patted him. He put his nose by my trickle bump and snuffled at me and I 
giggled and Sharon's Daddy said There, what did I tell you, he likes your smell, 
now just spread your legs a little and let him sniff in between them. I moved my legs 
apart and Spike put his nose right in between them and sniffed at my trickle. I 
giggled and Sharon's Daddy said What does it feel like? and I said It feels funny 
and he said open your legs some more and when I did had enough room for his 
nose right up by my trickle. Then suddenly he put his tongue out and started licking 
my trickle and I said Oh wow wow wow! because it felt so good. Feels good, eh? 
said Sharon's Daddy, taking a nice close picture of the big golden dog licking my 
little hairless trickle. Does it ever! I said. 

	Why don't you get on the bed and lie back and let him give you a nice licking 
then he suggested and when I lay down on the bed Spike jumped up too. I spread 
my legs as wide as I could and used both hands to hold my trickle open so his big 
tongue could get into all the lovely bits inside my crack. I lifted my bum up in the air 
so he could lick me better and he even licked down around my bum hole! I got the 
good feeling in a couple of minutes but Spike kept licking me even faster. Oh wow I 
said his tongue is so nice and rough on my trickle! He's licking all around my hole! 
Sharon's Daddy said He's licking all your juices up, the ones that come out your 
trickle hole. 

	Spike made me have the good feeling three times in a row and when he 
finally stopped I saw there was a reddish thing with a pointy end about five inches 
long sticking down underneath him. Oh look at Spike I said He's got a pointy thing 
at his middle. He's never had that before. That's Spike's stir stick, said Sharon's 
Daddy, I'm sure he'd like you to look at it if you wanted to. Sure I said and Sharon's 
Daddy helped me get Spike on his side so I could see his stir stick properly. Does it 
work like yours? I asked Sharon's Daddy. Yes, just like mine he said. He uses it to 
pee out of when it's inside that furry part, and when it sticks out like this he can 
make cream come out of it. See, he's got his balls inside that furry thing at the back. 
I played with Spike's pointy thing and felt his balls and his thing got longer and all 
red at the pointy end. He seemed to like me playing with it and touching it because 
he lay quietly while I did it.

	Spike's thing is all nice and warm I said while I touched it. Does he put it 
inside girl dogs? I asked him and Grampa said Oh yes, Spike can put it anywhere 
you want  him to. When Sharon was little we used to have a nice big dog and she 
used to play with him and make the cream come out, just like she did with me. Wow 
I said did she put his thing in her mouth? Sure aid Grampa She would lick it and 
suck on it and drink the dog's cream. She said it had a more spicy flavour than 
mine did. Can I try it? I asked him Sure said Grampa and I knelt beside Spike and 
lifted his thing and licked the pointy end where there was a little drop of clear liquid. 
He gave a little whimper and pushed it toward me so I knew he liked it. That's right 
Spike I said you just lie still and I will suck your pointy thing and make the nice 
cream come out of it. Do you have a nice drink for me Spike I said and Spike 
whimpered again and Grampa and I laughed.

	I licked all over his thing and then made my lips go in a circle and put them 
around it and let it slip up inside my mouth. His thing was all hot and smooth, and 
tasted sort of like Grampa's and Daddy's things did.  The hole at the pointy tip was 
leaking some more stuff. I rubbed my tongue all around the pointy tip and licked it 
some more and then Spike  pushed his back part forward and that made his thing 
go farther inside my mouth. I think Spike likes it said Grampa, Do you like it Laura. I 
looked up at him with my mouth all full of Spike's big pointy thing and nodded at 
him. I slid my lips down it and made the whole thing go in my mouth. It was easy 
because it wasn't as big as Grampa's or Daddy's things. 

	Spike started to move his back legs back and forth and that made his thing 
go farther in and partway out of my mouth. Oh that's a good doggy! said Grampa, 
he's telling you that he will do some of the work, all you have to do is hold your 
mouth still and lick his thing with your tongue while he pushes it in and out of your 
mouth. What a good doggy!  Tell you what Laura he said when the doggy makes 
his cream go in your mouth you see if you can hold it all there and then show me 
what a big girl you are and how much you can hold in your mouth. I nodded and let 
the big dog push his thing back and forth in my mouth and I played with his balls so 
he would make lots of cream for me to drink. He moved faster and faster and 
suddenly I felt a big gush of hot spicy stuff squirt into my mouth. It came out in a big 
long  stream, and then another and another and it tasted so good! 

	My mouth filled all up and just as I looked at Grampa my mouth got so full 
that some of the cream came out the side of my mouth alongside the dog's thing. 
He's filling your mouth right up, isn't he Laura said Grampa and I nodded Yes. You 
can swallow a little if you want to then but keep as much as you can in your mouth, 
okay? and I nodded again and gulped some of the dog's hot spicy cream down. It 
was all warm and slippery and he filled my mouth right back up again and then he 
stopped squirting it and lay still. Just roll onto your back, honey, said Grampa and I 
rolled over onto my back and he said Now open your mouth and show me and the 
camera all that nice doggy cream. I opened my mouth and showed him my mouth 
was all full and he said Oh it looks like a lake of cream in your mouth, now poke 
your tongue up through the creamy lake and lick your lips to see if you've missed 
any. After I did this he said Now you can swallow it and then show me your mouth 
all empty and tell me how it tasted. I closed my mouth and gulped the dog's cream 
down and licked my lips to get the last bits and then opened my mouth and said 
See Grampa, all gone! The Doggy's cream was yummy! Yummy in my tummy! I 
said and Grampa and I both laughed.

	Its too bad we haven't got a girl dog for Spike to put his thing inside I said I 
bet he likes doing it just like you and Daddy like putting your things inside me and 
Sharon. Well said Grampa Sharon always liked putting our dog's thing in her hole, 
maybe you could pretend you are a girl dog and let him put his thing in your hole. 
Oh Grampa I said That's a wonderful idea but when I looked at Spike his thing was 
back inside the furry place. Oh darn I said Spike's stick has gone away and 
Grampa said Well if you play with the place it's hiding I bet it will come out and let 
you play with it some more so I got Spike to lie down on his side and I felt his furry 
place all over and his fuzzy balls too and said Come on Spike's thing! Come out to 
play now!  Come on out and we'll play some nice games! and then I could feel 
something getting harder inside and pretty soon the red end part started to poke 
out. Here it comes Grampa! I said and Grampa said I bet it will come out even faster 
if you give it a nice big kiss and I said I know, even better, I'll lick it all over and 
when it comes out to play more I'll suck it too and Grampa said What a good idea 
so I lick and sucked on the doggy's thing and it got all hard and stuck out like 
before. 

	I asked Grampa how I should be for the doggy to put his thing in me and he 
said Well you could kneel like a girls dogs does and let him get on your back or you 
could sit on top of him and bounce up and down or you could just lie down like with 
your Daddy and me and I said I think I'll do it that way because then I can see what 
he's doing and I lay down and got  Spike over top of me and helped him put his 
thing in my hole and when he felt the end part go in he pushed nice and hard and it 
all went in and I felt all full up. Then Spike started making his thing go in and out of 
my hole and he went faster and faster and faster and Grampa took a video of it and 
I kept getting the good feeling one time after another and then Spike went even 
faster and he sort of stopped and shook his bum and I could feel his stuff coming 
out all up inside my hole. When he was finished shooting the stuff in me he pulled 
his thing out and then he licked my hole and Grampa took a video of the doggy 
licking all his stuff out of my hole. After that we went to sleep.



Monday morning.

	When I woke up this morning Sharon's Daddy and I went into the bathroom 
and he asked me if I would sit on top of him and pee in his mouth like we tried to do 
yesterday.  Sure I said and he tickled my pee hole with his tongue and then held 
his mouth open underneath my trickle. I had to pee a lot and his mouth kept filing 
up and he kept swallowing it all down and smacking his lips. Does it taste nice? I 
asked him and he nodded and kept gulping it down. Can I try yours I asked him 
after I was through and he said Sure if you want to and he tickled my pee hole with 
his tongue again and licked up the last few drops that I squeezed out.

	I knelt in front of him and held my head tipped back with my mouth open and 
he stepped in front of me and his thing was hanging down just in front of my face. 
Hold onto it he said and then if you don't want to drink any more you can just make 
the stream go somewhere else. Like on my tummy or my trickle you mean I said 
and he said Yes or you can wash your titties with it too if you want. Oooo, it all 
sounds nice I said and then he started to pee and I put the end of his thing in my 
mouth and his pee was all nice and hot like his white stuff but there was more of it. 
It tasted so good! All tingly and sweet and sour at the same time and i gulped it all 
down and then I thought I'd let his pee go on my little titties and my cunny so I took 
his thing out of my mouth and held it like a hose and made Grampa's pee go onto 
my titties and it felt funny! and then Grampa said I'll hold the rest, you lie down if 
you like and I'll pee on your trickle and I said Oh wow yeah! so I lay down and he 
got in between my legs and he said Now you hold your trickle hole open nice and 
wide and Grampa will see if he can hit the target and I used both hands to hold my 
trickle hole open nice and wide and Grampa put his thing right up next to it and 
said Ahhhhh! and then his pee started coming out Again, really strong, and 
squirted right up my trickle hole and it felt all funny like when I squirt the hose at my 
trickle and I got the good feeling three times while he did it! Then he licked my 
trickle clean and put his tongue up in my trickle hole and licked around it inside.



	Then he put some spit on his finger and rubbed it around the hole in my 
bum. I giggled because it felt funny when he did that. Why are you doing that? I 
asked and he said What does it feel like? and I said it feels funny and he said do 
you want me to stop and I said No no, it just feels funny and then I felt my bum hole 
opening up and he put his finger inside it!  Oh wow that feels funny I said but don't 
stop it feels nice and he put his finger in as far as he could and wiggled it all around 
and made me giggle. Would you like me to try putting my stir stick in your bum he 
asked me and I said Wow can you do that? and he said Oh sure Sharon and I love 
doing that. But won't it get all dirty? I asked and he laughed and said No not really 
anyway if it does I can always wash it off, can't I. 

	So I said OK then and he took his thing out of my trickle hole and put some 
spit on it and said now I will just hold it still and you push back on it that way if you 
don't want to do it any more you can just stop pushing. I said OK and I felt the big 
bulgy end part next to my bum hole and he took his finger out of my bum hole and I 
pushed back and I could feel my bum hole opening up and I pushed some more 
and he said It's starting to go in! and I said I know I can feel it and then it felt so nice 
I just went Whew and my bum hole relaxed and his thing just slipped right inside 
me! Oh wow I said that's nice! What does it feel like he asked. Like I'm having a 
nice big ...and I didn't want to say RshitS. You mean a nice big shit he said and I 
giggled and pushed back at him and said Yes, like that. 

	My bum is all full I said and he said now we can move back and forth like 
when its in your trickle hole, and while we are doing it I can feel your trickle if you 
like. Sure I said and so while we moved his big stir stick in and out of my bum and 
made it stir up my bum he played with my trickle with one hand and my titties with 
the other. I got the nice feeling twice! Then he said shall I put the cream in your 
bum? and I said Won't it make a mess? and he said No, anyway you can shit it all 
out and I will help you. I like watching little girls do their pee and have a nice big 
shit and I giggled and said Sure go ahead then. When he did it I could feel the 
cream come shooting out of his thing and squirting way up in my insides. It felt all 
funny and when his thing got soft and he pulled it out again I looked to see if it was 
dirty but it wasn't at all. 

	Grampa and Daddy are so good to me, teaching me all these new things 
and making me get such nice feelings. Now It's time for me to get up and go 
downstairs for breakfast. I'm going to show Daddy the new peeing games I learned 
from Grampa. I bet he'd like to play them too! So long, diary! I'll write some more 
later! 















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....