Lauren's Christmas Present

Lauren Kennedy had joined her new school so as to take some
'A' levels which were not available at her former school.  She
had realised that the rules were much stricter there, and her
mother had warned her to watch her step as the cane was still
used.  But Lauren did not think this would affect her in the
Sixth Form.  

She first realised that she could be wrong three weeks into
her first term.  The maths teacher arrived late for a lesson,
and when she got there the class was in some disorder.  Two
girls, Sharon Hill and Angela Shepherd, were at the front
giving imitations of the teacher's voice and manner.  When
Miss Peters finally arrived they rushed back to their seats
and the class quietened down again.  Lauren expected that the
episode would be ignored and the lesson would continue.  That
was what would have happened at her old school.  Things were
different here.  

"Right!" Miss Peters ordered, "Both of you come back here. 
And bring the Board with you!"  The girls obeyed her, Sharon
picking up the Board from the corner of the classroom on her
way.  Lauren did not know what the Board signified.  She had
noticed it before, though.  It held a list of the names of all
the girls in the Sixth Form, and there were copies in all the
classrooms they used.  Lauren noticed that both girls were
looking very serious now, and that Angela in particular seemed
really worried.  

Sharon placed the Board on Miss Peters' desk and Lauren saw
the angry teacher write something on it, using a ruler.  Then
she scribbled a brief note and turned to Angela.  

"You are a very silly girl," she said.  "Take this note, and
the Board to Mrs Wallace.  And come straight back afterwards!" 


As Angela departed Lauren became aware of a special tension in
the atmosphere.  Could Angela be going to get the cane?  But
why hadn't Sharon been sent as well?  It didn't seem fair!  

Lauren took advantage of the teacher's turned back to whisper
to her neighbour, Rosalind Baxter: "What's happening?  Is
Angela going to get the cane?"  Rosalind nodded her head
silently.  She had no desire to attract the attention of Miss
Peters in her present mood.  

After about ten minutes the door opened and Angela reappeared. 
She walked slowly, with short steps, and was obviously in
pain.  As she entered the classroom all eyes turned to her and
she blushed deeply.  Lauren could see that her eyes were red
and swollen.  It was plain to see that she had been crying.  

"Ah.  Good," said Miss Peters, "You've rejoined us, then.  It
looks as though you've had a productive meeting with Mrs
Wallace!  How many did you get?"  

"S-six, miss.  I'm sorry I ..."  

"You're sorry that your bottom hurts!  All right, we've wasted
enough time; sit down!"  

Angela limped to her desk and sat down, carefully.  It took
her two attempts and even then she could not sit down properly
and wriggled on her seat in evident discomfort for the rest of
the lesson.  

After the lesson Lauren asked Rosalind whether girls in their
year were often caned, and why only Angela and not Sharon had
been sent to Mrs Wallace.  Rosalind explained that Angela had
been 'on report'.  If one of the teachers wanted to punish a
girl they would place her on report, usually for between one
and three weeks.  This would be indicated by drawing a
rectangle on the 'Report Board' against the girl's name,
covering the relevant weeks.  If the girl misbehaved again
during a report period then she could be sent to Mrs Wallace,
who would usually cane her.  Angela had been placed on report
earlier that week.  

In answer to Lauren's other question, Rosalind said that
canings were now relatively rare in their year, but had been
more frequent in the more junior forms.  Out of their whole
maths class she said that only Jane and Wendy had definitely
never been caned, and she wasn't sure about Alison.  She
explained that Mrs Wallace almost always gave at least six
strokes when senior girls - fifth years and above - were
caned, but that it could be more.  Also when a girl was caned
her report period was extended by a further three weeks after
the week of the caning.  Lauren asked her whether the cane
really hurt terribly.  

"Well!  You saw Angie," Rosalind replied, "Of course it does! 
The most I've ever had was three strokes when I was in the
fourth year, and I cried my eyes out.  Six strokes must be
sheer hell, but I don't want to find out for myself!"  

Lauren resolved that she, too, would try to stay out of
trouble.  She was appalled at the thought that what had
happened to Angela could happen to her.  Her bottom had never
been subject to any ministrations more severe than a few mild
slaps from the palm of her mother's hand.  

As the term wore on Lauren could see that Rosalind had been
right.  Sharon and Angela both survived their report periods
without further trouble and, although two or three girls were
put on report, no other girl from her classes was sent to Mrs
Wallace.  However Lauren could see that canings were still
common in the lower years.  Several times she saw younger
girls waiting nervously outside the headmistress's office; and
she sometimes saw them afterwards, tearful and in pain, hands
clasped to the seats of their skirts. 

   

Lauren herself stayed well out of trouble - until just before
half term.  Miss Peters told her off for talking in class, and
Lauren answered her back.  She hadn't quite lost the habits
she had learned at her old school, but it didn't do here. 
Miss Peters called her out and she was put on report for the
next week.  

Lauren was very worried, but her new friends reassured her. 
Christine Parrish told her that she'd been put on report about
a dozen times, but had only ever had the cane once.  And Wendy
Yates said she had also been on report loads of times, and had
never had the cane.  Even so Lauren decided to watch her step
very carefully over the next week.  

So when her friends went out to the local pub one lunchtime,
to celebrate Caroline Jackson's seventeenth birthday, Lauren
didn't go with them.  If they were caught they would only be
told off - she could get the cane.  

Lauren mooched about the school in a very bad mood.  Julia
Bridger, a rather nasty girl in her year, who was not friendly
with Caroline or Lauren, or indeed with anybody, started to
tease her.  This was a favourite game of her's with girls on
report, who were usually not willing to respond for fear of
the consequences.  But in Lauren's mood it was like a red rag
to a bull.  She grabbed Julia's hair and started to hit her. 
Julia yelled at the top of her voice, attracting the attention
of the duty mistress, who told the girls to get the Board and
come with her to the headmistress.  

"Oh no, miss, please," Lauren pleaded, "I'm on report.  I'll
get the cane!"  

"You should have thought of that earlier, young lady.  Come
on, both of you!" the mistress replied sternly.  

Mrs Wallace soon elicited the whole story.  She gave Julia a
thorough telling off, placed her on report for three weeks,
and gave her 200 lines to do by the next day - under threat of
a caning if they weren't ready on time.  She then dismissed
the crestfallen Julia who , however, derived some twisted
pleasure from the thought of how uncomfortable Lauren would
find sitting down that afternoon.  But Lauren's bottom was not
to feel the cane that day.  

Mrs Wallace told her that she did not like to cane sixth
formers, and that as she was a new girl, and had never been
caned, she would give her a less severe punishment than usual:
"It will still be six strokes, Lauren, but with the junior
rather than the senior cane, and on the hands, not the
buttocks."  

The headmistress selected a cane from the cabinet and flexed
it between her hands.  It was the first time Lauren had ever
seen a cane.  She remembered Denise, who had been caned both
ways, saying that she actually thought it hurt more on the
hands, although it was much less embarrassing.  

"Hold your left hand out, Lauren." Mrs Wallace ordered,
"Fingers together and hold your thumb away."  

As the girl did so Mrs Wallace noticed that she was wearing a
ring.  This was against school rules  even for sixth formers. 
It was not too rigidly enforced, but it was not tactful to
wear jewellery on a visit to the headmistress's office.  Mrs
Wallace told her to take the ring off.  She said that as
Lauren was to be caned on the hands she would not increase the
number of strokes as she would normally.  Instead Lauren's
report period would be extended to the end of term.  Then she
told her once more to hold out her hand.  

Reluctantly Lauren did so.  She gulped as the thin cane was
raised.  She could still not fully believe that she was going
to be caned.  Surely something would happen to interrupt it,
there would be a last minute reprieve!  But the cane began to
whiz downwards, and Lauren closed her eyes tightly.  

CRACK!!  

The cane whacked into the tender flesh of Lauren's palm with
full force.  She gasped at the sudden stinging pain, but kept
her hand held out.  The second stroke followed the first with
equal venom.  Lauren's face crumpled and she yelped with pain. 
Her hand jerked away and her body doubled forward.  Mrs
Wallace allowed her a few moments and then told her to hold
her left hand out again for its last stroke.  Bravely Lauren
extended her stinging hand.  Tears were beginning to trickle
down her cheeks.  Somehow she forced herself to keep her hand
held out, open.  The third stroke was the hardest yet.  The
cane slashed down on to the tender flesh of Lauren's delicate
palm, crossing the emergent weals caused by the first two
strokes.  Lauren shrieked at the violent pain, waving her hand
wildly and hopped from foot to foot in agony.  

"Now the other hand!"  

Lauren's whole body shook as she raised her right arm.  Mrs
Wallace steadied the girl's hand and took careful aim.  Then
she whistled the cane down with all her skill on to the as yet
unpunished palm.  

WHACK  

"N-n-n-n-nooooooo!" yelled Lauren, shaking her head wildly and
snatching her hand away.  

It was some time before Mrs Wallace could persuade the now
weeping sixteen year old to proffer her painful right hand
once more.  Lauren pleaded to be let off but, although Mrs
Wallace could see that the girl had already been punished
severely she could see no reason for her to be given less than
six strokes, the usual minimum for senior girls.  She told
Lauren that if she did not immediately hold out her hand Miss
Kilmister, the secretary, would be called in.  Lauren would
then be forcibly held down to receive a further six strokes on
her bottom.  

With a groan Lauren obeyed.  Mrs Wallace did not deliver the
next stroke with full force, but it still stung sharply on the
teenager's tender palm.  Lauren yelled once again, but managed
to keep her hand in position.  

But as the cane hissed viciously down for the final time she
withdrew her hand at the last moment.  The cane caught the
ends of her fingers and Lauren shrieked at the top of her
voice.  That last stroke had hurt most of all.  She bent
forward with both hands squeezing frantically into her
stomach.  She was sobbing like a baby and totally oblivious to
her surroundings; she was only aware of her hands, burning
with intense pain.  

Mrs Wallace allowed the shaking girl a few moments to pull
herself together and recover from the initial shock of the
caning.  Then she dismissed her, reminding her that she was on
report until the end of term and that if she got into trouble
again it would mean a return visit.  "And if there is a next
time I won't be so lenient!" she said.  

Lauren didn't think she had been lenient.  Her hands felt raw
and swollen and even manipulating the handle of the office
door on the way out was difficult and painful.  

By the time that her friends returned, undetected of course,
at the end of lunchtime, Lauren had recovered more of her
self-possession.  She was no longer crying and had dried her
eyes.  Both her palms still stung like crazy and the fingers
of her right hand throbbed unbearably.  The other girls were
very sympathetic and tried to comfort her.  Caroline told her
not to feel ashamed about crying.  "Nearly everyone cries the
first time they get the cane," she said, "I know I did!"  

Lauren found it practically impossible to write that
afternoon.  The worst of the stinging gradually faded into a
soreness and then a tingling, but the effects of the last
stroke took longer to wear off.  Her fingers felt as though
they had swollen to the size of sausages.  It was to be two
full days before Lauren ceased to be aware of her painful
right hand constantly reminding her that she'd had the cane.  

Lauren's friends tried to get Julia into trouble, and serve
her as she'd served Lauren, by getting her a caning.  But
Julia was too wary for them and survived her report period
unscathed.  

Two days before school broke up for the Christmas holidays it
was the turn of Sue Hillard, another of Lauren's new friends,
to celebrate her birthday.  Once again Lauren was urged to
accompany the others to the pub during the lunch-break.  

"Come on," urged Sue, "Staying behind didn't do you much good
last time, did it!  And Chrissie's coming, and she's on report
as well!"  Lauren allowed herself to be persuaded.  After all
it was the end of term, and it was Sue's birthday.  Even if
they were seen, surely they would be let off.  

Lauren's luck was really bad that term, and this time it
affected her fellow pupils.  Mrs Pringle, the Latin teacher,
was passing the entrance to the pub just as the group of
high-spirited schoolgirls was leaving, still chatting
excitedly and giggling.  Lauren and Sue were smoking
cigarettes.  A shocked silence fell as the girls realised they
had been recognised.  Mrs Pringle wrote down the names of the
seven girls, confiscated the cigarettes and told them all to
report to Mrs Wallace's office at breaktime that afternoon.  

The headmistress gave the naughty teenagers a severe
dressing-down, telling them that under-age drinking was
against the law.  She turned to Lauren and addressed her: "You
must be a very stupid girl, Lauren Kennedy," she said. 
"You're still on report and I have no choice other than to
give you another caning.  Last time obviously wasn't effective
enough."  

She then asked the girls whether anyone else there, apart from
Lauren was still on report.  Nervously Christine admitted that
she was.  "Right," said Mrs Wallace, "You'll be another one
finding it difficult to sit down comfortably to Christmas
dinner!"  

She next turned her attention to Sue.  "Well, Suzanne," she
said, "I understand that this was all in aid of your birthday,
that you provided the cigarettes that you and Lauren were
smoking, and that it was you who invited the other girls
along.  Is that right?"  

"Yes, ma'am," Sue replied.  

"Right then.  You, Lauren and Christine can leave my office
now.  You will return after school and I will deal with the
three of you then."  

Christine asked Mrs Wallace to let them off, saying that it
was Christmas time after all, and it was Sue's birthday.  But
the headmistress remained adamant and told Chrissie that if
she continued to argue she would receive more strokes.  So the
three condemned girls left the office and returned to their
classes.  

As they trailed dismally down the corridor Lauren discovered
that Chrissie was just as upset about getting the cane as she
was herself.  Christine had only ever had the cane once before
and that was way back when she'd been in the second year.  She
had only received three strokes but she could still remember,
all too clearly, just how much they had stung.    

Sue, on the other hand, was one of the most often caned girls
in their year.  She boasted to Lauren that she'd been caned at
least once in every term so far, and said that it would have
been a pity if this term was an exception.  She was annoyed
about getting the cane on her birthday, though.  "She could
have let me off, the bitch! I wasn't even on report! Still, it
makes a change from the bumps, I suppose!"  

Lauren found out what happened to the four other girls from
Caroline.  She told her that Mrs Wallace had not put them on
report as it was so close to the end of term and all report
periods were automatically cancelled by the holidays.  Instead
she had told them to do 300 lines which had to be handed in to
her by the end of term.  Any girl who didn't do the lines to
Mrs Wallace's satisfaction would get the cane.  

Lauren was not able to pay much attention to her work for the
rest of that afternoon and four o'clock came before she was
ready.  Together with Christine she made her way back to the
headmistress's office.  Sue was already waiting there.  As
soon as she saw the other two arrive she knocked gently on the
door and they were told to enter.  

Mrs Wallace surveyed the three miscreants standing in front of
her, before reaching a final decision as to the punishments
they would each receive.  Surprisingly Suzanne Hillard, the
birthday girl, was the only one of the three wearing full
school uniform.  This was not compulsory for sixth formers
although it was for the rest of the school.  

Sue had big blue eyes, shining apple cheeks, and just a hint
of lip gloss.  The small pink flowers on her bra could be seen
under her white nylon blouse.  Her tie was loosely knotted at
her neck.  She had on a grey school skirt and a pair of white
knee-length socks, one of which was an inch lower than the
other.  Her pretty face was surmounted by a mass of bubbly
blonde curls.    

Christine was the tallest of the three girls, taller than Mrs
Wallace in fact, but despite the absence of school uniform she
somehow looked much more 'school-girlish' than Sue.  Her long
brown hair hung loosely around her shoulders.  She wore a
woolly pullover and a pair of blue denim jeans.  Her large
glasses somehow made her appear even more vulnerable.  Behind
them she looked as if she was ready to burst into tears at any
moment.  

Lauren was slightly slimmer than Sue and taller, at 5'4".  Her
black hair was neatly tied in a pony tail.  She was wearing a
brightly coloured T-shirt and a tight-fitting black skirt. 
She shivered with apprehension.  

Mrs Wallace addressed Sue first: "As it is your birthday,
Suzanne, and as you were not on report this time I am going to
make an exception.  I will give you four strokes of the cane,
rather than my usual minimum of six for senior girls.    

"There are no special circumstances in your case, Christine,
and you will receive a full six strokes.  And as for you,
young lady," she said, turning to Lauren, "You are a new girl
at this school, still in your first term, and yet this is the
second time that you have been sent her for the cane.  I was
easy on you last time, but I won't make the same mistake
again.  I am going to give you eight strokes.  And I shall do
my very best to ensure that you remember this caning for a
long time!"  

Lauren felt sick; it was even worse than she had feared.  Only
one or two of the worst behaved sixth form girls, such as Sue,
had ever had eight strokes.  Now she was to join them.  

Mrs Wallace turned to her cabinet and extracted a cane. 
Lauren bit her lip.  It looked longer and more painful than
the one she had felt on her hands.  

"Come on, Suzanne," the headmistress ordered.  "You're first. 
You know the form.  Skirt up, then over my desk."  Sue didn't
protest.  She positioned herself in front of the desk and then
eased her grey skirt up revealing brief, semi-transparent,
white panties marked with the same pink flowers visible on her
bra.  Mrs Wallace produced a safety-pin and pinned the hem of
the girl's skirt to the back of her blouse.  Then Sue lowered
herself across the desk, grasping the other side.  The desk
was old- fashioned and wide, and only the tips of Sue's toes
touched the ground as she stretched out to grip the edge.  Mrs
Wallace lightly tapped the cane against Sue's upthrust
posterior, exposed in the girl's tightly stretched thin
briefs.  Lauren saw Sue's bottom tense, and then the
headmistress drew the cane back.  

She slashed the cane down for the first time.  It landed with
a tremendous Thwack squarely across Sue's bottom.  Her body
jerked, but she made no sound and remained in position.  Sue
gasped sharply at each of the next two strokes, but gave no
other sign of how much they must have hurt her.  Mrs Wallace
paused for a while before the last stroke.  While she admired
the girl's courage she intended to elicit a more dramatic
response to the final stroke.  She stepped back and delivered
a really venomous cut with all her strength right across the
tops of the girl's thighs where the delicate flesh was
deprived even of the slight protection afforded by her skimpy
panties.  

"Oh-o-o-Owwww!" Sue yelled, her resistance finally broken. 
Mrs Wallace regarded the quivering bottom in front of her for
a few moments.  A vivid weal was already springing up as a
result of that last stroke and marks left by the cane's
earlier visits were visible through the nearly transparent
briefs.  The headmistress congratulated herself mentally. 
Even though Suzanne had only received four strokes she would
feel the effects of the caning for some time.  

Mrs Wallace unpinned the girl's skirt and told her to stand
up.  Then Sue was told to go and stand by the wall, facing it,
with her hands on her head.  

"Right," said Mrs Wallace.  "It's your turn now, Christine. 
Take down those jeans!"  

Christine blushed bright red with embarrassment as she undid
the zip and lowered her jeans.  Her panties were white and
covered a larger area of her bottom than had Sue's.  She later
told Lauren that she always made a point of wearing larger and
thicker pants when she was on report 'just in case'.  But, as
she was soon to find out, it made very little difference.  

She bent over the desk, where Sue had been, with her trousers
down to her ankles.  As Christine was taller than Sue her feet
were further from the desk.  Mrs Wallace told her to keep her
knees straight and then raised the cane again.  

THWACKKK!  

Christine squealed as the cane thudded into her vulnerable
behind.  It hurt much more than she remembered.  

THWACKKK!  

Mrs Wallace brought the second stroke down directly on top of
the first.  Christine's head shot up, her brown hair flying
wildly, and she yelled loudly.  

THWACKKK!!  

The third stroke landed about an inch below the first two.  

"OOOWWWH .  .  .  AAAAAHHH!"  

Mrs Wallace aimed the next stroke so that the tip of the cane
fell halfway across Christine's right buttock, digging in
painfully.  Once again the agonised yells of the tall
seventeen year old echoed round the room.  She lost her grip
on the desk and shot upright, clasping her sore rear with both
hands.  She twisted round unsteadily on her long legs and
implored Mrs Wallace to let her off the rest of the
punishment.  Lauren saw that tears were flowing down
Christine's pretty face.  

But Mrs Wallace had no mercy.  She ordered the girl to get
back into position unless she wanted extra strokes. 
Tearfully, and painfully, she did so.  Mrs Wallace swished the
cane across the girl's calves, hard enough to elicit a
surprised yelp.  "Straighten those knees, girl!" she ordered.  

When she was satisfied with the girl's position Mrs Wallace
lashed the cane down twice in quick succession across the
lower part of Chrissie's bottom, just where she would sit
down.  

THWACKKK!  

"OOOOW .  .  .  O-O-O .  .  .  OWWWW!!"  

THWACKKK!!  

"AAARGH .  .  .  OWWWCH!!"  

Immediately the last stroke landed Chrissie shot up like a
released spring and pressed both hands to her smarting behind,
weeping bitterly.  

Regardless of the spectacle she was making of herself the
caned teenager danced in agony as she tenderly massaged her
blazing posterior.  The reactions of the others to this
performance were varied.  Mrs Wallace was amused and
gratified, but Lauren was horrified.  Sue, meanwhile, had
remained facing the wall throughout Christine's punishment. 
She didn't want to give Mrs Wallace any excuse to make her
already sore bottom hurt even more.  

After about a minute, for Mrs Wallace felt that her right arm
needed a bit of a rest, Christine was told to put her trousers
back on and to go and stand next to Sue with her hands on her
head.  Chrissie's jeans had come off completely as she had
danced about after the caning and it took her a long time to
put them back on.  Finally she manoeuvred the jeans into place
and limped over to join Sue.  Now it was Lauren's turn.  

Mrs Wallace turned to look at the trembling girl, whose bottom
had as yet never felt the cane.  A new girl sent to her twice
in her first term! For drinking and smoking! And after being
let off with a hand caning last time! Well, this time she
would not escape so lightly.  

Lauren's skirt was much tighter than Sue's and Mrs Wallace
told her to take it off completely.  Lauren undid the skirt
and stepped out of it, revealing a minuscule pair of black
panties and the tops of her self-supporting stockings.  Lauren
always wore very brief panties with this particular skirt so
that the shape of her bottom cheeks was clearly to be seen,
without any panty-line showing.  Mrs Wallace smiled grimly,
this would effectively be a bare-bottomed caning.  Lauren
draped her body across the desk.  The other edge was still
warm where Sue and Christine had gripped it, and she trembled
as she saw the wet marks of Chrissie's tears on the desk.  

THWACKKKK!!!  

The first stroke of the cane that Lauren's bottom had ever
felt was one of the hardest that Mrs Wallace had delivered
that afternoon.  It crashed into Lauren's tender flesh just
above her thighs.  Two white weals instantly formed on either
side of her tiny briefs, only to be quickly suffused with
vivid red.  Lauren shrieked out her pain and shock, but forced
herself to remain in position.  

Mrs Wallace drew the cane back and raised it above her
shoulders.  She took two steps back and delivered the next
stroke with her full power, moving forward at the same time,
in order to increase its punishing intensity.  As she'd
intended it landed just half an inch above the first.  

"OOOOWWW! NOOO!! YEOWWW!!!" Lauren howled.  Her head shot up
and her legs kicked wildly.  "PLEASE MA'AM!" she wailed,
"PLEEASE, not so hard! It hurts too much!!"  

"It's meant to hurt, young lady," Mrs Wallace answered, "And
it will hurt a great deal more before I've finished!"  

Lauren grasped the edge of the desk more tightly, her knuckles
turning white.  Once again the cane lashed down on to her
tender seat with all the force and skill at Mrs Wallace's
disposal.  The headmistress's plan of attack was becoming
clear.  The third stroke contacted Lauren's bottom a further
half-inch above the last.  

THWACKKKK!!!  

Continuing the sequence the fourth stroke whipped across the
crown of Lauren's haunches.  The accumulation of pain was too
much for Lauren.  She howled in anguish and her hands left the
desk and flew to her bottom.  She had never known that pain
like that could exist, let alone be deliberately caused as a
punishment just for visiting a pub.  Mrs Wallace allowed her a
few moments and then told her to bend over again.  

Despairingly the miserable girl did so, sobbing at the pain. 
As Mrs Wallace inspected the quivering bottom in front of her
she mentally congratulated herself on her accuracy.  Four
equidistant red lines traversed the pale flesh in a narrow
band less than two inches wide.  She intended that the next
two strokes should diagonally cross the first four to produce
a 'four barred gate' effect.  

Lauren shrieked loudly at each of the next two strokes, and
drummed her feet hard on the floor, but somehow she forced
herself to stay in position even though it hurt like hell as
the cane landed across existing weals.  

"Two more to come," Mrs Wallace informed her.  

She gave Lauren her last two strokes in quick succession,
lashing them down, very hard, across the previously uncaned
bare flesh of Lauren's thighs, just above her stocking-tops.  

Lauren jumped up and clutched at her blazing bottom with both
hands, sobbing her heart out.  She was totally oblivious to
everything except the searing agony in her nether regions.  

"Put your skirt back on!" ordered Mrs Wallace.  

Lauren did so, unsuccessfully trying to fight back her tears. 
As soon as her skirt was in place, the tight black material
clearly revealing the shape of her swollen buttocks, she
pressed her hands firmly to its back, trying to contain the
intense sting.  

"Hands on your head!" said Mrs Wallace severely, telling the
two other caned girls to come over and stand next to Lauren in
front of her desk.  Then she once more lectured them on their
stupidity, and told them that they had to do the same 300
lines she had given the four other girls.  They were given a
bit longer to do them - their lines had to be handed in at the
beginning of the next term.  

"Remember you all start with a clean sheet in the new term,"
she said, "and I don't want to punish any of you again.  And
as for you, Lauren Kennedy, I am very disappointed with your
behaviour since you joined this school.  I shall be writing to
your parents with my comments and advice." She then dismissed
the girls, telling them to go home directly and not loiter in
the school.  

Lauren found that each step sent additional waves of pain
through her throbbing bottom.  She could only walk by taking
very short steps.  As soon as they were outside the office she
and Chrissie Parrish both clasped their hands to their bottoms
and hopped frantically.  The pain was unbelievable.  Sue
watched them ruefully.  Her own bottom was still very sore but
she was more inured to the effects of the cane, and this time
she had been let off more lightly than the others.  "I'm
really sorry I invited you two and got you into all this," she
said, "But I got my comeuppance as well! God, she was in a
foul mood!"  

*                          *                            *  

Lauren had a miserable Christmas, unable to sit down in any
comfort until the new year.  She became the subject of many
family jokes, and various relatives took pleasure in applying
a gentle slap to her hindquarters and observing the
disproportionate reaction.  

But undoubtedly the worst event of the holidays for Lauren was
the arrival of an unusually shaped parcel addressed to her
parents.  It was long and thin and, despite the colourful
Christmas wrapping, Lauren knew what it must contain even
before her mother drew out the headmistress's Christmas
present - a senior school cane!
