Archive-name: Family/lawn.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Lawn Party


    I was hurrying home, not even slowing to look in the store windows like I
usually did. I was in a panic to get home before my father arrived from his 
annual business trip. He'd been gone for a month and I just couldn't stand 
the thought of him getting home before I got there. I turned the corner and 
who'd I bump into but my sister, Darla. She was just coming out of the store
where she worked and seemed in as big a hurry as I was. "Darla!" I exclaimed. 
"You're not working today?"She said she'd gotten off early so she could get 
home before Daddy did. Me too, I told her, that's why I took off early. 
    "You know, he's been gone a long time, " she said. "I want to be there to 
greet him with a big kiss. "Greet him with a big kiss. That was a laugh!She
wanted to greet him the same way I did. She was a couple of years younger
than I, and was a little embarrassed to come right out and say that he was
sleeping with her, too. "C'mon, Darla, " I scoffed. "I know what you want
from him. I want it, too. So let's get home and get it. Davey hasn't been much
of a stand-in for Daddy. "Davey was our skinny brother. His prick was so
slender and he was so inept, he hadn't done us much good while Daddy was
gone. Darla passed over the reference to Davey with "Oh, him! It'll be so 
good to cuddle up to Daddy again. "Me too, I thought, but it wasn't exactly
cuddling I had in mind. We had been sleeping with Daddy since before Mama
had died. When she had become so ill that she knew she wasn't going to make
it, she had called my sister and me into her room and explained just how it
was with Daddy - he liked to be sexually entertained all the time. She made us
promise to take care of his physical needs. I hadn't needed any prompting, 
because after seeing him approaching Mama one time, with his big organ in his
hand, when she was lying naked on their bed, I'd had a yen for that big tool. 
At that time, they'd closed the bedroom door, so I didn't get to see them
fucking. But I could hear all the sexy moaning and grunting sounds they made
as I stood outside their door, listening and fantasizing it was me he had his
big cock in. When I told my sister about it when we were in bed, she surprised
me by getting so hot, she started rubbing her pussy all over me. 
    We slept regularly with Daddy afterwards, most of the time all three of us
in the bed together. Once in a while, we'd feel sorry for our brother and let 
him crawl in with us. After Mama died, Davey got only what fucking Darla and 
I gave him - he was too shy to get himself a girlfriend, and spent most of his
time jacking off that skinny peter of his. 
    When Darla and I arrived home, frantic and breathless, a strange woman met 
us as we entered the house. She introduced herself as our Aunt Selma, the 
wife of Daddy's older brother, Frank. A gawky, very thin girl was behind her 
and we were presented to their daughter, Vickie. Aunt Selma was wearing a 
very brief halter top that didn't come anywhere close to covering her
breasts, that stuck out to here and were as firm as watermelons. Her rigid
nipples threatened to poke holes in the open weave material of the halter. 
Her bikini-type shorts didn't contain enough cloth to blow your nose on, and the mound of Venus it covered - just barely - was very prominently evident. 
For a woman her age, she was built as sexy as they come. 
    Her daughter was a different story, though. She was dressed identically 
to her mother, but there the similarities stopped. She hardly had need of the 
top covering her tits, because she almost didn't have any. Her chest was 
sunken, her belly was concave, and her ribs stuck out over it like a birdcage. 
Her legs were as spindly as toothpicks, with knobs in the center that passed 
for knees. Above and below her hips, she was a mess. But she had hips that 
were ultra-feminine and molded so perfectly that any so-called sex symbol 
would have been proud to possess them. Her crotch was a fascination;in a 
delicate but proud protuberance, it hovered over the wide gap produced by 
skinny, almost meatless thighs. It made me want to cuddle up to her pussy and 
smother it with kisses. When she acknowledged our introduction, her voice was 
melodious and a light that came from somewhere inside her made me want to 
overlook all her negative physical characteristics. 
    They were on vacation, Aunt Selma explained, and had stopped in to see our 
father. Daddy had phoned while they were waiting, telling them that he 
wouldn't be home until the next day. He invited them to stay with us while 
they were in town. "Your Uncle Frank is upstairs in the bathroom right now, " 
Aunt Selma said. "He'll be down in a minute. "
    My heart sank, and I knew Darla's did too, when we learned we wouldn't be 
able to welcome Daddy as we'd planned. But when Uncle Frank came downstairs, 
my spirits lifted considerably. And Darla - well, she really sparkled. He 
was only a year or two older than Daddy and he had such an outgoing sort of 
vitality and personality, it was easy to see which side of the family his 
daughter took after. It was love at first sight for Darla and me. His broad 
shoulders, slim hips, and muscular thighs, shown off by his lack of a shirt 
and his tight shorts, made him a prime prospect for what my pussy was craving. 
I could tell that my sister felt the same way by the way her eyes were riveted 
on the crotch of his shorts, with its promising-looking bulge. I recieved 
somewhat of a start when I saw his daughter's eyes shining and playing over 
the same area. Aunt Selma took in all this attention being paid to her 
husband and the corners of her lips lifted in a knowing smile. 
    After all introductions and social niceties were done with, Darla and I 
rushed upstairs and showered and changed into the sexiest shorts we could 
find. "Jeeze!" Darla exclaimed. "Did you notice that darling bulge of his 
pecker?"
    "Of course I noticed it, " I answered. "But I'm not interested in how 
darling it is. I want to know if it's real or not. I hope we get the chance 
to find out real soon. "
    When we came back down, we four women began to prepare dinner and set the 
table in the dining room. It was in the midst of this task that my brother 
Davey came home, and I presented him to everyone. Much to my surprise, he 
seemed smitten by the young girl whose physical attributes seemed to leave so 
much to be desired. His eyes never left her pinched face. Her chores of 
setting the table and helping in the kitchen were undoubtedly forgotten as she 
sat with him in the corner of the room, their knees touching and her fingers 
brushing intimately high up on his thigh. When she went upstairs to wash up 
for dinner, he went with her. Later, when I got the chance, I questioned 
him about this. 
    "Didn't it occur to you that she might have to pee or something?" I 
scolded. 
    "Oh, she had to pee all right, Sheena. So did I, " he announced 
nonchalantly. "So we took a piss together. " He suddenly became animated. 
Glancing around to make sure no one could hear us, he said with excitement, 
"Her tits ain't much, but boy, does she have the cutest damn pussy I've ever 
seen!"
    "How many have you ever seen, besides Darla's and mine?" I scoffed. 
    He was only slightly abashed. "Well, none, I guess, " he admitted. "But 
it's still cute. You oughta see it. "
    "Maybe I will, Davey. Maybe I will, " I murmured as we went down to 
dinner. 
    After dinner, as we all made ourselves comfortable around the television 
set, Davey leaned close to my ear and whispered, "She thought my cock was 
pretty cute, too. She said so. " Then he announced to the rest of us that he 
and Vickie were going out to sit in the lawn swing. At first, we heard them 
laughing and giggling, but this was soon followed by their silence; only the 
rythmic creaking of the swing told us they were still there. 
    About halfway through what I thought was a pretty dull television program, 
though the others seemed to be enjoying it, I excused myself to go upstairs to 
the bathroom. When I got upstairs, I quietly came down the back stairs and 
slipped out the back door, making my way silently to the lawn in front of the 
house. I knew I was being sneaky and underhanded, but I just had to satisfy 
my curiousity about Vickie and my brother. If they had already compared cunt 
and cock, there was no doubt in my mind that they had now progressed much 
further, and I was horny enough to spy on the proceedings. 
    I crossed the lawn and heard the creaking of the lawn swing, accompanied 
by muffled moans of delight. From the high vantage point of a garden bench 
behind a bush, I peered over the bush and spotted them just a short distance 
from me. My pussy was wet with anticipation of what I might see. It was 
dark, but the light shining from a street lamp across the lawn highlighted 
Vickie's bare ass as her mouth worked on my brother's skinny cock. Her head 
was bobbing up and down and she seemed to be exerting all manner of expertise 
on Davey's cock. His mouth was hanging slack, eyes glazed and unseeing as he 
stared at the sky. I sensed their pace quickening as he clenched his teeth 
and strained his loins up to Vickie's mouth, fluttering and flickering as it 
worked on my brother's dick. Her bare ass raised slightly and her breathing 
became raspy as he bounced his ass up in a violent arc. She suctioned up a 
giant inhale and sucked every drop of his jism into her mouth and swallowed 
deeply. 
    My loins began to pulse and burn. Watching all this was stirring up all 
the juices in my pussy. I'd stand, first on one leg, then the other, in an 
effort to alleviate the itchy, twitchy feeling that was beginning to produce 
drips of moisture that were soaking my panties. With a will of their own, my 
hands slid inside the front of my shorts and panties, my fingers kneading the 
upper area of my cunt and stroking my clit. 
    Just as I was getting absorbed in jacking off, a hand reached out and 
touched my shoulder. I stifled a cry and damned near fainted. A mouth came 
close to my ear and whispered "Did you ever see anything so exciting?"
    It was Uncle Frank, his eyes blazing with excitement as he peered over my 
shoulder at his daughter and my brother in the lawn swing. With a cautioning 
finger to his lips, he motioned me back to a more discreet distance. "We can 
see just as well from here, " he whispered, "and there'll be less chance of us 
being heard. "
    He explained that I had been gone a long time and he went upstairs to see 
where I was. He reasoned where I'd gone and followed me out on the lawn. He 
had one hand inside the open fly of his shorts and was moving it rythmically. 
He saw me looking at his crotch and remarked that he'd noticed I was doing the 
same thing to myself. Then he stood behind me and, hooking his fingers in the 
elastic band of my shorts, pulled them and my panties down over my ass. I 
felt a cock, even bigger than Daddy's huge tool, press against my cheeks and 
my pussy exuded more of its juice. His other hand lifted one of my tits out 
of its halter top and he rolled my stiff nipple between his thumb and 
forefinger. His lips were against my ear as he whispered, "Watching them 
makes you hot too, doesn't it?" I squirmed my ass on his cock and felt it 
throb its way to nestle in the crack in my cheeks. The fingers that had been 
caressing my tits dropped down to fondle my clit. His touch was like an 
electric shock. I damned near came in his hand. 
    "Damn, " he said in a hoarse whisper, "you really are hot. I've got to get 
my cock in there!"
    I was too weak with the fire within me to do more than nod and sink to the 
soft turf of the lawn. Except for our shorts dangling from our ankles, we 
were naked. As though on springs, my thighs opened to recieve him as he 
stretched between them and slammed his impatient prick inside my eager cunt. 
My coming was almost instantanteous. He reached down and thrust his fingers 
alongside his cock inside my pussy. Curling them, he slowly withdrew them and 
raised his dripping fingers to his lips. He licked and sucked my cum off them 
in silent slurps. Fantastic!
    As quiet as I tried to be, I couldn't suppress my moans of delight as I 
felt his hot rod probing around my G-spot. His prick would glance off it, 
producing such a tantalizing thrill, I wanted more and more of it. I 
whimpered and begged him to get the head of his dick tight on my G-spot. 
    "Sshh, " he warned. "They'll hear us. This is such damned good fucking, 
let's both just revel in it. When I'm ready to come, I'll ram this rod right 
up on your spot and we'll both come up a storm!
    Giggles floated down to us and we looked up to see the beaming faces of 
Vickie and Davey grinning down at us - in our own passion, we'd forgotten all 
about them. 
    "Give it to 'er, " Vickie prodded, "Fuck 'er good!"
    Davey's wet lips were nuzzling Vickie's passion inflamed face as he said, 
"C'mon Vickie. You've been telling me about your G-spot. Let's get out there 
on the lawn with them. You can show me how to find yours!"
    Uncle Frank and I hardly noticed when they stretched out beside us. I was 
on my umpteenth cum when I felt the head of his prick seem to expand and press 
hard against my precious G-spot. His cum blasted against the vibrating 
innermost walls of my ecstatic cunt and the fluids poured out of me, leaving 
hot sticky trails of jism along the crack of my ass, below my pussy, to wind 
up soaking his balls with the stuff. 
    As our glorious sensations slowly ebbed, more voices intruded upon the 
scene. Aunt Selma and my sister, Darla. "Get over there and work Davey's 
cock around so's he can find your daughter's G-spot, " Aunt Selma giggled. 
"He's not having much luck, and it's driving her crazy!"
    She and Darla told us that they'd gotten tired of waiting for us. When 
they'd heard our moans and shrieks from out on the lawn, they they'd decided 
that there was more to be enjoyed than playing with each other's pussies, so 
they came outside to share in the festivities. They were already stark naked. 
    Davey was still struggling valiantly to reach Vickie's G-spot with his 
skinny dick, but was only succeeding in tantalizing it. Vickie turned over 
and was intructing him to shove into her cunt from the rear, when Uncle Frank 
rolled over behind Davey, who had just inserted his prick in Vickie. He 
reached between Davey's thighs to cradle his balls in his palm and extended 
his fingers to grasp the base of his dick. Holding firmly to the base of the 
skinny organ, he told him to raise higher on his knees and stroke in and out 
with a kind of downward stroke. "I'll hold your dick and try to aim it down 
to where her G-spot is, " he told him. "And if that doesn't work, I'll get on 
her and fuck her to demonstrate how it's done - my cock's hard enough now. "
    But the demonstration wasn't neccessary. Davey's face lit up with a look 
of joyful accomplishment. "I think my cock's bumping into it now, " he cried 
gleefully. 
    Then, " coached Uncle Frank, "hold it against that little hump and press 
hard. "
    Vickie suddenly let out a piercing yip and thrust bony hips against 
Davey's skinny loins. I swear I could hear their bones clacking together. 
Her shrill, exulting cry ended on a high note of sheer mind-blowing and 
delirious ecstasy. "Oh, jeeze! Oh, cripes! Oh! Oh! Oh, gawwwd! Oh, 
Davey! I love you! I love yooou! I dooo!"
    Her cries subsided, but obviously the rapturous sensations were still 
coursing through her guts as she flung her pleasure-wracked body around on the 
turf. 
    Her mother, too, was enchanted with her daughter's obvious transport into 
sensous rapture. She rolled Vickie over and mashed her own tits all over her 
belly, holding one and rubbing it over and into her daughter's cunt, still in 
the throes of the explosive come she'd just experienced. She smeared her 
daughter's - and Davey's - juices all over her tits with her fingers, then 
licked the wet, sticky stuff completely from them. 
    We all gathered around Vickie, congratulating her on achieving the 
ultimate in sexual thrills. With still glazed eyes, she looked up at us, 
basking in her own limelight. Davey was stretched out on his back and weakly 
proclaimed that he'd helped too, hadn't he? Darla and I went over to him and 
assured him that he certainly had. We toyed with his limp dick, still shiny 
with joy-juices from the moments before. We told him that anytime he wanted 
to stick it in us, he'd be more than welcome. 
    "Davey, I wish you had a hard-on right now, so's you could fuck me like 
that, " Darla said, then bent and took his tired prick into her mouth, as 
though she were trying to rejuvenate it in a hurry. Frank and I looked at one 
another and chuckled. She heard us and released Davey's cock, saying, "Don't 
laugh! Everyone but Aunt Selma and I has had their fun, leaving us high and 
dry!"
    Aunt Selma's fingers were rubbing ruefully through the hair on her pussy. 
She did a quick bump and grind routine, stroking her fingers in and out of her 
yearning cunt. "That's right, " she complained, "and it ain't funny!"
    Another voice broke into our laughter and we all turned quickly in the 
direction of the house. A naked man was standing at the edge of the lawn, 
feet spread, hands on his hips. It was Daddy! Darla and I whooped and 
shrieked as we ran to him. We both tried to climb up on him in our joy, and 
as we pressed our naked bodies to him, his big cock acknowledged our exuberant 
greetings by standing erect and assuming the beautiful proportions we knew so 
well. When we quieted down a bit, he explained that he'd been lucky enough to 
catch an earlier flight that brought him home tonight, instead of tomorrow. 
    "I came in the back way, and when I saw what was going on, I shucked my 
clothes and came out here to see if there was room for me. " Grasping his 
hard-on, he added, "and this!"
    It didn't take long to make room for Daddy. Both Aunt Selma and Darla 
were clamoring to be first. Daddy was partial to giving his daughter the 
honor, but when he saw Aunt Selma's crestfallen face, he allowed that since it 
was a few years since he and she had gotten together, maybe he oughta give her 
the first chance. 
    My sister sidled up to Uncle Frank and brushed her pussy against his cock. 
That member alerted to the situation right away. He raised her off her feet 
and she guided his prick into her cunt while they were still in their standing 
position. 
    I suddenly became aware that my brother's cock had somehow a newly learned 
strength and expertise. I straddled his cock and found that he could bounce 
that skinny organ all around my pulsing pussy, contacting all its vibrating 
walls and tissues in a manner he'd never exhibited before. When he would 
glance it off my G-spot, then drive its full narrow length into me, I began to 
understand and appreciate the evident rhapsody Vickie had experienced. He 
brought me to climax so many times, I lost count. He was thrusting and 
twisting his loins, his prick following suit, performing the zaniest, sexiest 
movements I'd ever felt. To think that all he'd needed were a few 
instructions and appreciative encouragement! What fools my sister and I had 
been to ridicule his long, skinny cock! How much time we'd wasted!
    Evidently, he had gained similar proficiency in his ability to activate 
his tongue in the penetration of a cunt, too. Vickie was again on cloud nine, 
as he manipulated her sodden pussy to the highest heights of ecstasy. She and 
I were facing each other as I straddled his cock, and she his mouth, so, as 
though we'd recieved a given signal, we reached for each other's tits. Her 
hands produced an electricity that no one else had ever made me feel, and her 
own itty-bitty tits came alive as I ran my fingers around their tiny 
circumference. They became vital with a strange resilience of passion and 
lust. Without releasing each other's tits, we leaned forward and our lips 
came together as though drawn by a magnet. The kiss was long and deep. It 
made me feel as if she were the lovliest girl on earth. It accentuated all 
the pleasures I was sensing through my heaving body as Davey kept up his 
heavenly fucking. I'm sure he was making her cunt feel the same way. What 
treasures these two turned out to be!
    During the momentary ebbing of each orgasm, I'd glance over at my father 
and Aunt Selma. Sloppy sounds were writhing from her writhing cunt as Daddy 
drove his love-meat into her with strokes that were a pure joy to behold. 
    Darla was being fucked by Uncle Frank, and her arms were flung out to her 
sides, her fingers clenching and unclenching as she tore out chunks of sod in 
their frenzied fucking. 
    God, what a party! And Uncle Frank and his beautiful family would be 
with us for a while week!
    We all felt rather sad when they left. Their departure brought an 
additional sadness, too. My brother, whom Darla and I had just begun to 
appreciate, left with them. He and Vickie had fallen deeply in love, and had 
become so attached to each other that they refused to be separated from one 
another. They planned to be married as soon as they arrived at her home. We 
were all thrilled with their announcement, but Darla and I knew we were going 
to miss our access to our brother's newly treasured cock. 
    But we all plan an early visit to their home. You can depend on that!

--
