Copyright (c) 1997  David Fields.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





Lea & Me Part #2 ... DF




As you know at the end of part one Lea & Me along with her 2
brothers and one sister ajoined to the bedroom to continue
what started in her parents bedroom.  Once we all make it
back to her parents we all fell into it, still naked.  The
first thing I wanted to do was to fuck Lea, but she still
would have none of it.  When we first dated I seemed to be
in control of the relationship, but here when sex is
involved she holds all the cards.  It was like a director in
a movie.  Lea said exactly what she wanted us to do and the
rest of the kids sure did listen.


Lea told me to lean back on the bed and enjoy what I have
coming.  Lea ordered Tia to kneel between my legs and start
sucking my cock.. it did not start our hard but watching her
pretty little face and feeling her hot tongue wrapped around
my cock it sure got hard quickly.  Lea's next order was for
me to suck Bobby's cock.  Now it was one thing with Kenny he
was only 3" and it came by suprise but Bobby is 11 years old
and his cock is much bigger...almost 5" and now it is
intentional.  I tried to object but Lea was not having any
of that.  She told me that if I want to enjoy the pleasure I
must give some too.  Tia was doing such a good job on my
cock that I did not want that to stop and I was still dying
to fuck Lea, so what could I do?


Bobby stood in front of me.  His cock was already hard.
Looking at it I must admit it looked interesting.  The head
was sorta fat and round and when my hand touched it, it felt
all smooth and silky. It was hard but still had a rubbery
softness to it.  I stuck my tongue out and just touch the
tip of the cock.  I saw Bobby shutter when my tongue touched
him.  He tried to push forward and let his cock slide deep
in my mouth but I would not let him.  I actually started to
enjoy this and I started to lick the head of his cock.  I
was trying to drive him as crazy as little Tia was doing to
my cock now.


In the meantime Lea ordered Kenny to lick his sister out
while she was sucking me.  I saw Kenny get down inbetween
his sisters pussy and start to lick her hairless pussy.  It
was such a hot sight.  The more Tia moaned the harder she
sucked my cock.  I started to suck the head of Bobby's cock
and let it slip further into my mouth.  It felt good on my
tongue letting it slide in and out.  I was thinking "why did
I think this was so wrong when it feels so good?"  Lea, now
that everyone was busy joined in herself.  She started at
the bottom with Kenny and licked and sucked that 3" cock
that just a little while ago I too was sucking.  It was
quite a turn on watching her suck her little baby brother.



It was not long before she slid up Kenny and moved onto Tia
who was still sucking my cock like a pro.  She started to
share Tia's pussy with Kenny and the more they licked the
harder Tia sucked my cock.  I did not know how much longer I
could last.  Soon Lea was up by my cock and helping Tia suck
it.  They were taking turns sucking my cock and kissing each
other unlike any sisterly kissing I have seen before.  That
was the turn on that put me over the edge.  My cum spewed
from my cock more like an explosion then anything.  It was
insane.  I have never felt anything like that before.  I
watched them try to suck all my cum but it dribbled out or
their mouths and on to their chins.  Lea and Tia took turns
licking it off of each others face.



Lea moved up closer to my face and took Bobby's cock from my
mouth and shoved it into her own.  I watched and she licked
up and down on her brothers cock, holding it from the base
and sliding her tongue back and forth. She looked over to me
with her big blue eyes and took that beautiful cock out of
her mouth and shoved it to my waiting lips.  We too took
turns sucking Bobby just as Tia and Lea did to my cock
moments ago.  I felt Bobby's cock throb and I knew he was
close.  I started enjoying sucking cock, but I don't think I
was ready for a mouthfull of cum.  I was ready to pull away
when Bobby commented on the fact he was ready to cum.  Just
as I started to pull away she grabbed the back of my head
and shoved it into Bobby's cock.  His cock hit the back of
my throat and that was enough to set him off.  The cum
started to pour out of him.  I was trying to pull away but
Lea was having none of that.  Just as quick as I could
swallow another load of cum came.  Finally he was done and I
could pull away.  Lea was right next to me and I pulled her
close and kissed her.  What she did not realize was that I
had a mouthfull of cum and I made sure she got it when we
kissed.  I saw her eyes light up and she kissed me deeper.



The two little ones were beginning to doze off.  It was not
really late, but they were tired from all the sexual
activity.  I could not blame them since I was too.  Bobby
decided he was hungry and took off to the kitchen, Lea and I
just snuggled up close and kissed.  I asked her once again
about Mommy and friends... she said I guess it is about time
I told you about our mother.  I was curious and could not
wait to find out.



Continued in Lea&Me3.zip.... DF














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.why.net/users/mrdouble/htm/authors2.htm

Be There.....
