Archive-name: Violent/leathfmb.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Leather Farm Boy


  A bright sun filled the deep, blue sky.  Not a cloud could be seen as far as
  the horizon.  A gentle breeze nestled the leaves of the tall trees.  In a
  clearing a farmhouse stood with its wide, front porch. In the distance was
  an old barn and corral.  A Palomino pony was drinking for the water trough,
  while a Mustang relaxed under the late Spring sun.  The quiet of the scenic
  afternoon was broken by the sound of the black pickup that was pulling up
  near the barn in cloud of dust.
  
  Kevin jumped out of the passenger seat with his knapsack.  The bright sun
  hurt his hazel eyes, blinding him for a brief moment.  The driver got out.
  "You wait here boy and don't move!" he ordered as he ran around to the back
  of the barn.  Kevin was a handsome man in his mid-twenties.  He had high
  check bones, was about 6 feet tall with a thin, but muscular frame.  His
  brown hair had grown a bit long and was blown back by the breeze.  The
  driver returned with another man who seemed to be in charge.  He was dressed
  in jeans and riding chaps.  His black boots were dusty from the trail and
  his shirt was open revealing his hairy, sweating chest.  He had deep, brown
  eyes, dark moustache, and several days stubble shadowing his face.  He spoke
  to the driver who then walked up to Kevin, took his knapsack to the house,
  and then got back in the truck to head for parts unknown.
  
  Kevin watched the Rancher intensely.  He thought of the add he had answered.
  He thought about the many phone conversations that had led to their meeting
  in the city and now his invitation here.  He wondered to himself if he could
  handle what would soon happen, but knew he would have little choice nor
  offer any resistance.  "Hey, Mac!", he grined as he reached for the
  Rancher's hand. Mac grabbed it hard and pulled the boy towards him.  Kevin
  could smell the sweat of the trail on his breath as he spoke to him.
  "Listen, boy.  Get one thing straight.  You only address me as SIR! Got it!"
  he ordered as he spit into the boys face.  "Yes, SIR  " he shouted back.
  "Good, now get that fuckin' ass of yours into the barn!" Mac ordered.
  
  Mac pushed Kevin into the brightly lit barn.  There were several stalls
  where the horses would be kept.  In the middle, however, he noticed several
  long chains that hung from the ceiling.  Nearby was a pillory.  Kevin
  noticed that near the stalls were several large cages with barbed wire
  around them.  Mac took a choke collar and attached it to Kevin's neck.  He
  pulled him towards the center of the barn.  Mac removed his shirt, handing
  it to Kevin.  While he put on his harness, he noticed Kevin had taken the
  shirt and was rubbing it on his face.  Mac pulled him by the chain.  "What
  gives you the right to sniff my shirt!" Kevin trembled from the loud
  resonance of Mac's voice.  Mac took the boy's face and forced it into his
  sweating armpit.   "Lick it clean, boy!" Kevin hesitated.  "Lick it, you
  dog!" he ordered striking him across the face. Kevin worked cleaning his
  master's armpits, first the left and then the right. Mac attached the boy's
  wrists to the chains in the ceiling.  He then took off his boots and socks,
  tieing them to the boy's face so that he would have to breath the stench of
  his well worked boots.  Mac hoisted the boy until his feet dangled slightly
  above the ground  and stripped off his clothes.  The boy had a smooth body,
  except for a few hairs on his chest and his pubics.  Mac took an electric
  shears and removed the helpless boys hair.  Kevin felt his manhood being
  removed as he hung, breathing in the smell of the boots.
  
  When it was done, Mac attached a rope that hung from above around Kevin's
  cock and balls. He then hoisted the rope, pulling his body upwards slightly.
  Kevin felt the rope pulling his cock.  He soon sensed Mac working his
  fingers in his ass.  He shouted as Mac rammed his hard cock into the hanging
  boy's hole.  He reamed him mercilessly until he had shot his load in his
  victim.  Kevin felt his sore hole being stretched even wider. Mac had forced
  a large plug into it. As Kevin looked down he noticed that the plug from his
  ass seemed to have a tail attached to it.  Mac now took the cat-o-nine tails
  from the self and began to work on the Kevin's smooth back.  Each strike
  caused him to jerk in the chains, causing the rope around his cock and balls
  to pull and  sending a sharp pain through his body.  Mac continued whipping
  the boy until they both were in a heavy sweat.  The master then released the
  bonds from his slave and allowed him to drop before his naked body.
  
  The boot was removed from Kevin's face.  Mac took a horse bit and forced it
  into the slave's mouth, tightening it behind his head.  He felt the plug
  deep in his ass and noticed that he indeed had a tail attached to him.  He
  knew he was to serve as one of his master's animals.  Obediently, he began
  to follow the master.  Mac struck him again with his whip.  "You are to walk
  on  your hands and the balls on your feet, Understand!" he shouted as he
  struck him again.  Kevin obeyed and followed.  His master tied him to a post
  and order him to raise his one leg.  Mac attached it to a table much like a
  man about to shoe a horse.  He whiped the bottom of the slave's foot with
  alcohol. Kevin saw a strange device in Mac's hand.  It was metal and looked
  like many thick wires in the form of a foot.  There was a place it could be
  slipped over the toes and had small spikes throughout.  Mac put the "shoe"
  in place and hammered the base of it, forcing the tiny spikes into the
  slave's foot.  Kevin tried to hold back his scream.  The "shoe" was then
  strapped with leather to keep it in place. Mac repeated this on the other
  foot.  Kevin shouted out.  his cried were met with the taste of the whip.
  Mac now forced his "horse" to walk around the barn to get used to the metal
  "shoes".  Kevin soon felt them as part of his body. The bit was removed as
  noticed Mac placed a bowl with "Kevin" written on it near a stall.  Mac
  filled it with something from a can that appeared to be for a dog.  "Eat!
  You worhtless dog." Kevin positioned himself in front of the bowl.  He knew
  he dared not do this wrong.  He lowered his mouth to the food and ate like a
  dog, drinking water also from a nearby bowl.
  
  After he finished, Kevin was led to a stall.  He noticed that there was a
  cage door which opened from the floor.  Kevin was ordered to lay down
  inside.  His wrists were secured to posts in the base of the cage as were
  his ankles.  Mac then secured the door shut.  Kevin noticed that the grating
  over this face was wider than the other sections.  Soon, he could see that
  the driver of the truck had returned and was doing something above him.  He
  caught only several glances and then saw that a horse was brought into the
  stall under which he was caged. He could see the horses cock and ass from
  his cage as they were directly over him.  Suddenly, he felt a warm stream of
  the horse's piss over his body. He relaized that he was positioned so that
  as the droppings from the horse would fall directly on him during the night.
  Some of the horse's shit fell through the grate onto Kevin's face.  He tried
  to move it with his tongue.  It was useless.  The more he tried, the more it
  would get into his mouth and he was forced to swallow it.  He knew he would
  have to remain this way through the night.
  
  The next day Mac and the driver removed Kevin from the cage. He noticed they
  were both naked and took him to a corner and hosed him off.  The plug was
  removed from his ass, and the driver took the nosel from the hose and
  douched Kevin's ass with it.  Kevin was led to a strange looking bench.  His
  ankles were attached to the base.  He was then bent forward and angled down
  on a slant so that his head was almost on the floor as it reached the front
  of the bench. His arms were chained tightly down and metal brace held his
  waist in place.  He was then moved while tied to the bench to the horses
  stall.  Both men took their turns fucking the boy's well stretched ass.  The
  driver then went outside while Mac rubbed an oinment all over Kevin.  He
  then used it in large amounts on Kevin's aching asshole.  The driver
  returned with a large horse.  As the horse scented the ointmentit became
  aroused. mac took the reigns and brought the horse to Kevin's stall.  Kevin
  released he was positioned directly under the horse.  He could feel the
  heast from the horse's belly.  The horse was reacting more to the mare
  scent.  The driver worked to keep the horse controlled while Mac grabbed the
  erect cock of the animal and  positioned the head in Kevin's ass.  The men
  moved away. kevin screamed as the horse rammed its cock into his ass.  Kevin
  thought he was being torn in half.  The cock of the horse worked faster in
  and out of his hole.  He was sweating as he was being bred by this beast.
  Mac and the driver watched with pleasure as the fucking continued.  Mac
  forced the driver to bend over and rammed his  cock into the other man as he
  watched Kevin being ravaged.  Kevin's ass was filled as the horse shot its
  load into him.  Mac shot his own load into the driver at the same time.  The
  horse was removed from the stall and let loose in the barn. As Kevin
  remained tied to the bench he felt the horse's cum flowing out of his
  expanded ass.
  
  While he was still tied, Kevin smelled iron burning.  The driver put a
  leather strap in Kevin's mouth.  Kevin saw his master was heating a branding
  iron.  It was white hot as Mac walked towards him.  He trembled as Mac
  positioned the iron near his ass. He braced himself as the iron was forced
  onto his tender ass leaving the same marking as was on the horse.  Kevin
  trembled and was sweating. His master released him and brought him to a cage
  with his name on it so that he could rest.  Kevin knew that he had served
  his new master well.  He climbed into his cage and rested chained to the
  sides.
--
