Archive-name: 3plus/leathgod.txt
Archive-author: RICHH
Archive-title: Children of a Leather God


Disclaimer:  The following story contains naughty bits.  If you 
are under 18, or if this has somehow wandered onto the K12 net, STOP 
READING NOW.  Do not, I repeat, do not email it to all your friends.  
And for God's sake do not make a printout of it and distribute copies 
all over your school.  I mean sure, it'll be cool and all, and you'll 
probably have lots of new friends, and you'll probably even get lots of 
dates which will lead to numerous nights of hot, sticky backseat 
passion, but like, you could get in big trouble.  Cause I know a kid who 
did it and sure, it was cool for awhile, but all the new friends he made 
weren't like *real* friends.  Plus like, it's all fully and legally 
copyrighted and if you think you're so tough now, let's see how you feel 
after a few months in the joint sharing a cell with a disgruntled former 
Kinko's employee with something to prove.  Copyright prison--you 
wouldn't last a day.

Despite the title, the story is very light on actual "leather", 
but hey, you'll live.  

-------------------------------------

	I can't remember whose idea it was:  mine or Maria's, but I do 
remember how it started.  Paul was over and we were talking about the 
rock scene in Seattle, where his brother lives and plays guitar.
	"Yeah," said Paul, "remember how you said you liked 'Hunger 
Strike'?"  Well that's only like the third best song on the cd.  The 
others are really hard.  You like Soundgarden?"
	I nodded.
	"Well, you know, all those people used to be in bands with this 
guy Andy Woods."
	"The one who died?"
	"Yeah, od'd.  Well, my brother knew him pretty well and he said 
that Andy was the best out of them all.  A born entertainer--"
	"Just like Fanny Brice."
	"Only with a smaller nose, but yeah.  And he says Pearljam are 
pretty much these spoiled rich kids who decided to make a band.  They 
were all in other bands before out there.  Mudhoney, Mother Love Bone, 
Green River."
	"Green River.  Hey, I heard that Nirv--"
	"Yeah, Nirvana copped their style from Green River.  And my 
brother says Andy Woods had this girlfriend, they all called her 
Stargazer.  She's got a real 'Stargazer' name, too.  I think it's 
something like Xana la Fuente.
	"Hee."
	"My brother says she was really pushing Andy to be a star, kept 
him in a closet.  Finally, he got addicted to heroin and od'd.  It's 
weird, with Nirvana making it so big--they're like the worst outta them 
all."
	"I like Pearljam."
	"Yeah yeah yeah whatever whatever."
	"Hey, next time you're over, bring the Temple of the Dog cd.  And 
the Soundgarden one."
	"Okay.  I think the better songs than 'Hunger Strike' are 'Times 
of Trouble', and 'Call me a Dog'."
	"Yeah, then call me a cab."
	One of the singers, can't remember if it was Chris Cornell or 
Eddie Vetter, is from San Diego..."
	Maria was spreading some neufchatel cheese onto a wheat thin.
	"Ri-ich."  She was doing the whining thing again.  She sat down 
and started rubbing a foot along my right calf.
	"What's with her," said Paul.
	"She's jonesing."
	"Jonesing?" said Paul.
	"You know.  Like 'Basketball Jones'"
	I held my hand next to my mouth and said (sotto voice) "for cunt"  
Jonesing.
	"Heh.  Poor baby."
	"It's.  Not.  Funny." she said, pouty.
	"No, you're right.  It's not.  In fa--"
	Maria said, "What's Pam up to these days, Paul..."
	"Hey you," shot back Paul, "you know we don't go for any funny 
business."  Paul called anything 'leather' or 'same-sex' 'funny 
business'.
	"Yeah yeah yeah, whatever whatever."
	"Hey Rich," said Maria, "do you still see that Beth person you met 
at Border's?"
	"Time to time, but we don't run in the same circles you know.  I 
see her downtown every now and again.  You interested?  I'm sure I 
could--"
	"Wait, but here's the thing..."
	
	So about a week later we were outside Border's bookstore(17th & 
Walnut here in Philly).
	Maria pulled on my arm and said, "Rich, I don't know if I can do 
this.  I'm all nervy."
	"Nervy."
	"Got any pot?"
	"No, but you do."
	"Huh?"
	"I dropped a joint into your bag before we left."
	"You."  We walked around the corner and found an underground 
parking lot and smoked the joint.
	"Much better."
	"Ready?"
	She nodded.  And then we were upstairs, Maria wearing a flowery 
skirt and a tie-dyed t-shirt and tiny handcuff earrings.  I was in jeans 
and a jean-jacket.  I also had this teal handkerchief stuffed halfway 
into a pocket.  I wasn't *with* Maria, just watching, leafing through an 
oversized, rather conspicuous book of Mapplethorpe photos over by the 
espresso bar.  Maria was in the gay/lesbian/s&m section, sitting on a 
bench, riffling through a copy of "Doc and Fluff".  Every other minute 
or so she would stretch her t-shirt down tight and smooth it under her.
	After maybe twenty minutes or so, over walked these two women 
towards Maria.  She told me later that this is what was said:
	"Well, hey there, sweet thing.  That's a dirty book, you know."
	"I'll live.  It's too late for me, anyhow."
	"Too late?"
	"To be corrupted."
	"Thought that's what you meant.  Hi.  I'm Beth.  This is Tina."
	"Maria.  Hi."
	"Nice shirt."  She reached down and brushed the back of her hand 
against Maria's right nipple.  Maria gasped, lowered her eyes.
	"That just from reading?"
	"I'm very sensitive to words.  More than anything else, I guess.  
Those Vuarnets?  Nice."
	"Yup."
	She talk?" asked Maria, about Tina, who was wearing a slim leather 
collar with a single d-ring around it.  Perversely demure.
	"She does," said Beth.  "Today's not a day for talking.  Wow, what 
gorgeous hands.  Check these out, Tina."
	"Thanks.  But ugh."
	"Ugh?"
	"I'm a musician.  I would kill for longer fingers."
	"Hey, are you stoned?"
	"Buzzed.  Just a little.  I really like those sunglasses."
	"Thanks.  I don't know why I pay as much for them as I do, 
though."
	"Feel."  Maria took Beth's hand and pulled it into the top of her 
t-shirt.
	"Oh my.  That has to hurt."
	Maria bit her lip and nodded.
	"Well, this is pretty random, but what the heck.  It's Tina's 
birthday.  Follow us."
	I saw Maria get up, check her watch and follow the other two into 
one of the large unisex bathrooms.  I glanced down at my own watch.  
3:15.
	I walked over to the rest room and found a chair and started 
leafing through a Fodor's Travel guide(I think it was to the 
hinterlands, but I'm not certain.)
	3:30.  I got up and checked myself.  I was looking extremely 
denim.  Should have pierced an ear, but nah...  I opened the door to 
their bathroom and walked in and locked the door behind me.
	"Shut the door!"
	I did, and after about 5 or ten seconds it started.  Laughter-this 
odd sort of laughter.  Nervous, but also ver real.  First Maria, on the 
floor, sitting on her heels, covered her mouth with her hand and began 
to laugh.  Then my friend Beth, a very cool dyke whom I'd met last year 
in the same bookstore.  I saw that she recognized me but she wasn't 
spilling any beans.  Even her spooky, quiet friend Tina started also.  
Both women were naked from the waist down and leaning back against the 
wall by the sink.  There was a pair of latex gloves sitting on some 
crumpled bluejeans.
	"L-look, I just wanted to piss.  I'll just use the--"
	"No," said Beth, "you're here, pee.  Fag."
	She didn't know that Maria and I knew each other, but she knew 
that she could use me  to make whatever impression on Tina that she 
liked.  I turned away from them, unzipped, and thought about Brief's 
macro language.  Soon, I peed.  I could hear Maria resume behind me.
	"Mmmm," said Beth.  "You *like* that..."
	"Mmm-hmmm."
	I flushed and started to zip.
	"Oooh, don't zip up," said Beth.
	"Huh?"
	"I never get to see any cocks anymore, except on videos.  Leave it 
out.  Don't worry.  I don't bite."
	Maria turned and looked at me briefly, but soon a hand turned her 
head back.
	"Sit down.  Relax.  Can you get it hard?"
	"Can you deepen your voice?"
	"Ha.  Just try."  I'd already masturbated a couple times before we 
headed out, just to be safe.
	"Oooh, doll, put on the gloves."  Beth put her hand behind Tina's 
neck and pulled her over for an intense kiss.  Maria had both gloves on 
and had spit in her hands and was working it into the gloves.  She put 
two dental dams she'd been using down on the pile with the jeans.
	"Saliva," said Beth.  "Ugh.  If I'da known that this--"
	Tina looked over at her and mouthed "It's okay."  Maria stood up 
and both Tina and Beth spit in her open palm.  Then she sat back on her 
ankles and worked that in.
	Beth looked over at me.  "Still nothing?  Soon."  Brief's macro 
language was becoming way too sensual.  Thought about switching to Perl 
but then I realized I didn't want to destroy my libido permanently.
	"Ooh, nice."  I looked up.  Beth and Tina were squatting slightly, 
somehow staying up against the wall.  Maria had very quickly worked in 
her first eight fingers and was up to that area of skin between the 
thumb and forefinger.  Beth and Tina each had a finger against the 
other's clit, idle.  Then Maria tucked her thumbs and quickly only her 
slender, pale wrists were visible.  Beth and Tina gasped, and I could 
tell by the movements of the muscles in Maria's forearms that her hands 
had formed fists.
	"Mmmm, I can feel your cervix against the back of my fingers.  I 
love that."
	"Oh fuck.  Hey, check out the fag.  Oooh, nice.  Jerk it off."
	So I complied as Maria started to fuck them both in earnest, 
completely removing her hands and then repenetrating and reforming the 
fists.  Tina, the "quiet one", was now rather vocal, and Beth had to 
cover her mouth with her own hand.  Beth would switch from watching me 
to half-closing her eyes and squatting lower.
	"Oh, oh, oh, fuck fuck fucka fucka."  I could tell what Maria was 
thinking, how she'd "better get as much as she could, feed her jones 
until it threatened to go bulimic", because who knew when she'd be part 
of a tableau like *this* again?  And so she moved, rocking her small 
tight fists, hitting every wall, covering as much cervix as she could, 
orbiting from her wrists, stretching, stretching.  With Beth's hands 
over both her own and Tina's mouths they both came.  Again.  And slid 
down the wall until they collapsed in a heap by their clothes.
	"Jesus, girl, who taught you to do a thing like that?"
	Tina tried to put together a sentence, but all that was audible 
was 'put her away'."
	Beth laughed.  "Tina's right.  They oughta put you away.  Lock you 
up."  She looked over at me.  "Whassamatta, gayboy?  Too pink for you?"  
Tina whispered something to Beth, who said, "Right fist, wrong whole?"  
Everyone laughed.  "A shame to waste such a thing."  Tina whispered some 
more.  "Tina's never seen a man come, except in movies.  You do not want 
to disappoint--"
	Maria peeled off the gloves, jumped up and kneeled in front of me.  
She looked up and I pulled a condom out of my shirt pocket and handed it 
to her.  She spit in her hand, smeared it over my cock, unrolled the 
condom and started sucking, alternating her mouth with her saliva 
covered hand stroking and moving over the head.  She knew this was the 
quickest way with me.  Tina and Beth had pulled on the rest of their 
clothes, and Tina's left hand was hidden to the wrist in her jeans.
	"Ooh, when he's ready," said Beth, "just use your hand."
	"And take off the rubber," said Tina, surprising us.
	"Ok," I said, a bit early.
	"False alarm."  But after about another minute or so of Maria's 
hand, things started to happen.  Tina moved in right beside Maria and 
she squealed when my balls tightened.  Maria held a small wad of paper 
towels a few inches over the head and soon I groaned and came, my 
fingers clenched around the toilet seat.
	"Oooh," said Tina.  "If I were a guy, I don't think I'd ever leave 
the house."
	"Sheesh," said Beth, your whole house would be stucco."
	"Ewwww."
	As we all collected ourselves, I noticed that Tina had the 
Pearljam cd in her bag.
	"You like Pearljam...?"
	We raised more than a few eyebrows as we exited en masse.

--
