Archive-name: Amazon/legs2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Legs 2


	There is this really attractive girl at work named 
Winnie who has the most beautiful legs of any woman 
here. They are long and when she walks you can see the 
flex of muscle in her calf. I told her I thought her legs 
were beautiful and she said, " thanks." For a long time I 
would look at her walking around and we began to talk 
from time to time; I never could figure a way to turn the 
conversation back to her legs and how powerful they 
looked.

	Finally one day we were talking and I just asked her if 
she exercised or what to keep such a trim figure and such 
good-looking legs. Winnie smiled at me and said, " I 
watch what I eat and I like to jog everyday. I think my 
legs have too much muscle. Look how big my calf gets 
and feel how hard it is. " Well I almost died. She flexed 
her muscle for me and it was in fact hard as stone.  I told 
her that I didn't think they were too big; but I had to admit 
they were hard and very well developed and that they 
looked strong. Then she flexed her thigh and hit it with 
her fist and said, " You think the calves are strong look 
at these babies. I like to wrestle the guys I date and I'll 
tell you once I get my legs around their head or body I 
can squeeze them into submission in seconds. I usually 
don't pour on the power that fast because I like to 
make them squirm for a little while first. Maybe you 
and I can go a few rounds sometime. "  I was 
speechless; my dream was coming true and I didn't know 
what to say; except that I would like that.

	Several weeks went buy and I swear she wore skirts 
and made it a point to flex those legs more than normal as 
she would walk buy me. A few times she would whisper 
in my ear things like, " It won't be long now until I make 
you beg me to let you give up; or, get your eyes back in 
your head, it's only solid muscle; or, my legs are 
getting stronger and stronger, we'd better wrestle soon 
or you really won't have any chance. " On the fourth 
week she approached me and said, " well, little man, how 
about us having our session tomorrow night. Here's a 
map to my place, be there at 7 PM and wear or bring 
some old clothes I'd hate to tear up any good clothing. 
Also bring your video camera I've got a girl friend 
who is going to be there and she can take some 
pictures." I watched the flex of her legs as she walked 
away and they looked even stronger than I remembered.

	I was at her place at 7 and her friend answered the 
door. She was 6' tall and had muscles every where. " Hi, 
you must be Sam. My name is Marilyn. Winnie will be 
out in a minute so lets set up the camera and you show 
me how to work it. You look like you're in shock or 
something. Haven't you ever seen a body like mine 
before ? Would you like to feel my muscles ? Maybe 
when Winnie gets through with you she will let me 
have you for a little while. No, that's silly. There won't 
be anything left of you by then. "

 	What in the hell had I gotten myself into ? In a few 
minutes Winnie came in wearing a robe and smiling like a 
cat that had just caught the mouse. She made a big issue 
of untying her robe and letting it fall off of her shoulders 
to the ground. I looked with amazement at her. She was 
thin, but her muscles were etched on her. There was no fat 
at all. Her arms rippled and her stomach looked like a 
washboard. Then her legs. Her thighs were awesome as 
were her long diamond shaped calves. She hit a muscle 
pose which made the muscles leap out as she said, " As 
any fool can see I'm way too strong for you. I'm going 
to use you to mop up the floor with and twist you into a 
pretzel. I can't wait to wrap my legs around your neck 
and choke you out. Come over here and feel my 
strength. " I walked over to her and she flexed her arms 
for me to feel. As I placed my hands on her bicep I knew 
that they were too strong for me even though they were 
not huge in size. As if reading my mind she said, "they 
are 13" but as you can feel they are like stone. My 
thighs and calves are just as hsrd and I'm telling you 
now they are stronger than they look. I plan to crush 
you into submission, then to tears of pain and finally 
I'm going to knock your ass out. You are mine, little 
one andyou can't do a thing about it. But, if you don't 
try to fight back then I'm going to really hurt you and 
I'll turn Marilyn looseon you. I've seen her break a 
guys arm with her arm bar."

	I was speechless and a little afraid too. Winnie 
grabbed me in a headlock and squeezed with such force 
that I thought she was goong to knock me out then. I tried 
to pull her arm loose which got a contemptuous laugh 
from her. "Your weak little arms can't compete with 
these muscles. Are you hurting a little ? Are you 
afraid that I'll snap your scrawney neck ? Don't worry 
little one I won't hurt you too bad yet. I want these 
long, strong legs to eat you alive. The very same legs 
you can't keep your eyes off of at work. Reach down 
with one hand and feel my thigh, and put the other one 
on my arm. Do it NOW !!!" I did as she said and she 
flexed both her thigh and her bicep. I was in real pain now 
and we had just started. I begged her to stop; but, she was 
having too much fun. She walked over to Marilyn and 
said, "now feel Marilyn's arm and thighs. Tell me if 
you want me to let her work on you some. Do you want 
to try her on for size, little boy ? Marilyn flexed as I felt 
her hard as rock arms and legs. Not only were they hard, 
but these were also huge. "My bicep is a rock solid 17" 
and my thighs measure 30". I think I could easily 
crush you to death with either of them. Yopu'd better 
start fighting back or Winnie will let me have you. 
And, I love to break men's bones. I'll start with the 
ribs then your arm, maybe a leg too."

	I tried to get out of the hold; but, she was just too 
strong. After she tired of this hold she threw me down 
onto the floor and with cat like speed she engulfed my 
neck and head with her long legs. I knew it was all over 
for me. As I opened my eyes and looked up at her she 
smiled, winked, and knocked me out. I didn't even have 
time to submit. When I came to she still had her python 
legs around my neck. "Well, that was fast wasn't it ? I 
just used about 1/2 of my power to put you out;but, I 
won't do it that fast again. I wanted to show you the 
power of these beautiful legs of mine. They are going 
to eat you alive. You are about to enter a world of pain 
you never knew existed between a woman's legs. You 
men only think of the pleasure between them. When 
I'm finished with you you'll tremble at the thought of 
putting your head between a woman's legs."

	Winnie began to slowly increase the pressure and I 
was screaming my submission in a matter of seconds. She 
just smiled and kept squeezing. She reached down and 
placed my hands on her thighs so I could feel the muscles 
that were crushing my neck. "This is only about 1/3 of 
my strength andyour thrashing around like a fish out 
of water. Do you hurt, little boy ? Do you want this 
strong girl to stop hurting your little neck ? I'll let you 
go but only if you'll promiseto crawl around the room 
on your hands and knees barking like a dog; then I 
want you to crawl over to me and beg me to smash 
your weak body with my legs in a body scissors. Do 
you agree or do I hold this pressure until I've 
destroyed your neck muscles ?" I agreed with tears in 
my eyes.

	Winnie released the hold and my head bounced off the 
floor. I got on my hands and knees and crawled around 
the room barking like a dog. Marilyn and Winnie were 
both laughing at me - I was totally humiliated. I was so 
frustrated by the power of these two beautiful women that 
I was crying. As I approached where they stood I heard 
Marilyn ask Winnie, "now remember what you 
promised me. You won't bust him up too badly so I 
can let these thighs of mine pop some bones. I just love 
to hear the sound of men's bones cracking." Winnie 
said, "I remember, but it'll be hard this guy's so weak 
and I'm so strong that I may break him without really 
trying to." She stood there with her hands on herhips 
smiling down at me while she flexed those awesome legs 
of hers. I knew she was pumping them up to really work 
my body over. I crawled up to her and looked up into her 
face. I asked her to please crush me with her legs in a 
body scissors. "Put you hands on my thighs, think 
about what they just did to your neck and then see if 
you can't put a little more pleading into your voice, or 
I might just get that neck again." As I put my hands on 
her thighs she exploded the muscles and I begged her with 
a trembling voice to please finish me off with her legs.

	Winnie grabbed a handful of my hair, lifted my head 
up and flexed her arm. As I was looking at her powerful 
bicep she swung her legs aver my body into a standing 
body scissors. Before I knew what hit me she clamped 
down and all of the air was forced out of my lungs. 
Winnie then dropped to her side and the crush was on. 
She began to toy with me by squeezing then relaxing; 
squeezing, then relaxing. Each squeeze seemed to get 
harder. She then rolled onto her back and with seemingly 
no effort lifted me into the air between her legs. " Now 
for some rib brusing power, little boy. I'm going to 
make you cry." As she increased the power of the hold I 
was in real pain. I reache out to try to pull at her legs ther 
was no give and I could once again feel thepower in those 
beautiful legs of hers. She began to shake me along with 
the squeezing and I was crying in no time. My tears were 
falling on her and running down between her big breasts. I 
was begging her to stop before she cut me in half. "I told 
you that I was going to demolish you didn't I. And I 
have done just that. You offered me no resistance; it 
was no contest. I also told you that if you didn't give 
me any fight I was going to let Marilyn have you. 
Well, I want you to ask me nice to please allow you to 
give me some pleasure by letting Marilyn work you 
over for just five minutes." 

	I begged her to do anything that would stop the pain I 
was feeling. Winnie lowered me to the floor and then 
released the hold. She stood up on her toes and flexed 
those diamond shaped calves in my face. "Just think 
these are what first got your attention and they 
haven't had the chance to show you how strong they 
are. I want you to trace the muscle outline of my calf 
with your tongue." When I was moving from one leg to 
the next Winnie slammed my neck between her calves and 
began to do toe raises. I was screaming my submission 
again in seconds. And in a few minutes I began to sink 
down into the depths of unconsciousness. As I began to 
come to I felt a handgrab a handful of my hair and raise 
me to my feet.

	There stood Marilyn. My face at her boob level. Did I 
mention that both of the women were well endowed. 
Marilyn could see my eyes fixed on her chest and she 
seemed to expand it. " Pretty big girl aren't I these 
little things are 40D. I could kill you just by wrapping 
them over your face and holding you there. I want to 
break your bones though. Lets get a little closer with a 
Marilyn hug." She wrapped her arms around my torso in  
bear hug and began to squeeze with her massive arms. 
Winnie had bruised my ribs so the pain was intensified as 
Marilyn squeezed. "OK, be real quiet now and you'll be 
able to hear the ribs crack." She increased the pressure 
and I screamed in pain as one of my ribs broke. "I told 
you to be quiet, I'm sure you didn't hear it so I'll do 
another one for you. now shut up and listen." I was 
almost out again; my head was laying on her shoulder as 
she put more power into the hold. This time I heard the 
CRACK as the rib went. "OH, I just love that sound. I 
only have a few more minutes with you so let's go for a 
hand and an arm in the same hold. You double that 
little fist of yours up and try to hit me in the jaw as 
hard as you can. If you hit me then I'll quit. If you 
don't I get to demonstrated some real arm muscle 
power as I snap your arm and crush your hand at the 
same time. Try real hard now." I tried to hit her, but 
she grabbed my fist in mid air and laughed as I tried to 
pull mmy hand free. " I can crush an apple with one 
hand. Keep your eyes on the big arm muscle as long as 
you can. On the count of three I'm going to make my 
forearm and arm muscle grow and grow for you." 


	She crushed my hand and I heard the bones of my 
fingers go like fire crackers. Marilyn was laughing at my 
helplessness. Then she began to curl her arm toward her 
body which raised me off of the ground being held by my 
crushed hand. As my feet cleared the ground and I looked 
into her smiling eyes; Marilyn snapped her arm and I both 
felt and heard the snap of the arm and the wrist as I 
passed out from the pain. When I came to this time I was 
in the hospital emergency room. The nurse came over to 
my bed as I began to come around. As my eyes cleared I 
noticed she was about Marilyn's height. In a very sexy 
voice I heard her say, " I see by your injuries that 
you've met my friends Winnie and Marilyn. When you 
recover from these injuries I'll let you feel the power 
of these big babies." With that she took my good hand, 
pushed back her sleeve, placed my hand on her arm and 
flexed her huge 181/2" bicep. I guess I fainted as I heard 
her laugh.
 


--
