Archive-name: Affairs/legs.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Legs, Legs, Legs!


    I'm proud to say that Monica is the most accomplished leg slut I
know.  I'm proud of that, because she's my wife-slave-slut, but also
because I taught her most of the techniques that she now uses so
wonderfully to tease men and women and make their cocks rock hard and
their pussies drip with juice.

    If you've read any of my stories, I'm sure you're aware that I love
long nipples and nice, tight asses.  But nothing quite gets me going
like a pretty pair of legs and a woman who knows how to use them.
Using them correctly isn't as easy as one might think.  I know lots of
women with nice legs, but many of them have alot to learn about how to
really use what they have.

    One girl I knew who taught me most of what I know about how women
can use their legs to their advantage was a gal named Cindy who I grew
up with.  She was cute as a button when she was a young girl, and that
cuteness later matured into great beauty as she got older.  She was a
lovely woman inside and out, but it was the way she used her legs
through the years that is the focus of this story.

    Believe it or not, it was in Sunday School that I first began to be
enchanted by Cindy's legs.  We were in a class together when she was
fourteen and I was twelve.  She'd begun to wear stockings by that age,
and in those days most mothers made their daughters wear dresses to
church every Sunday.  This was in the pre-pantyhose days when the
"good" girls wore girdles whether they needed them or not, simply to
avoid having to wear the sexier garter belts.  Nothing was much more
frustrating than trying to make it with a girl who didn't want to give
up her girdle, let me tell you.  I spent far too many nights rubbing
hot pussies through the stiff covering of a long-legged girdle to suit
me.

    Cindy was a good girl, too.  But luckily for me, her mother wasn't
about to make her wear a girdle.  Let's face it, the girl was tall and
slim, and it just didn't make sense to make her wear some old girdle.
It would be another 20 years or more before she'd have any need for
anything like that.

    Maybe it came naturally to her, I don't know, but Cindy moved her
legs in ways that other women never even dreamed of moving them.  They
were long and extremely shapely, and to watch her cross them was a
thing of beauty even when she was fourteen.  She would move them so
fluidly, and if you listened hard, you could hear the swish of the
nylon as the upper leg moved slowly and sensuously against the lower
one.

    She would cross them, then turning her foot to the side and tucking
it over to the left, she would place her other foot behind that one,
crossing her ankles as well as her knees.  Invariably when she did that
her dress would stand out a bit at the sides, and sitting across the
room from her, I could almost always steal a glimpse of her garters and
the tops of her stockings.

    The thing about Cindy was that she knew I was watching her and she
knew I was seeing up her dress and she knew I was loving her beautiful
legs and she would just simply smile and continue her show.  I wish I
had a dime for every time I masturbated thinking about her legs and the
sexy shows she put on for me on Sunday mornings.

    By the time I got to high school, Cindy was going steady with
another guy.  We were always friends, but in those days going steady
was the rule, and if you weren't the first guy to get hooked up with
someone, you were just out of luck.  Still, there was never any secrets
between Cindy and I about my desire for her or for her interest in
keeping that desire strong.  I'd walk by her in the congested corridors
of the school and let the back of my hand brush against her thigh so
that I could feel her garter through her dress.  She would simply
pause, letting me feel as long as I dared, then smile and walk on,
helping me cover up our little teasing routine by dropping her books to
cover my hand as I touched her.

    We lost touch after her graduation from high school when she went
to college.  I'd see her occasionally at church when she would come
home to see her parents, and if I was lucky, I'd get another leg show
from time to time.  But those opportunities became more and more scarce
as I went to college myself.

    It was after my graduation from college and my return to my
father's grocery business that I was once again able to see Cindy from
time to time.  She had married her high school sweetheart by this time,
and I had married mine, as well.  But she shopped for her groceries in
our store, and I made sure that I always was the one who carried her
groceries to the car for her.  I wasn't about to miss a chance to see
her swing those long legs into the car.

    The view got even better with the advent of the mini-skirt and the
invention of pantyhose.  No one has ever looked better in a mini-skirt
than Cindy did.  She was twenty five years old at the time and in the
prime of her life as far as her body was concerned.  Her legs had never
looked better, nor had the rest of her body.  When she came in the
store with a mini-skirt on, she was the focus of attention of every man
in the store.

    We continued to play our little teasing game, of course, and when I
would take her groceries out, I'd always be sure to put them in the
back seat on the driver's side so I could hold the door for her and
watch her get in.  I made no secret of my admiration for her legs,
commenting to her on how beautiful they were and how much I loved her
in the short skirts that were the rage of the day.  She ate it all up
and was always very free in the way she swung her legs and let her
skirt ride even further up when she got in the car.

    I eventually grew bolder and bolder with Cindy as our flirtation
continued, and before long I was sliding her dress up with my hand even
further after she had entered the car, so that I could see even more
leg.  She always scolded me and pulled it back down, but not once did
she ever try to stop me until I had slid it up as high as I dared and
had a good look at her.

    She had a small child, a daughter, and before long was expecting
her second child.  It was difficult for her to handle getting out as
often as she liked with the first child so little, and of course, I was
eager to help her in any way I could.  One day she called and asked if
I would mind bringing her a box of pampers on my way home to lunch.  I
didn't mind at all, of course, and I eagerly awaited the arrival of my
lunch hour that day.

    When I got to her house and rang the doorbell, she greeted me in
lovely blue dress that did little to cover the long and beautiful legs
that flowed from her hips to the floor.

    "Oh, thanks!" she said warmly with a big, sexy smile.  "Come on in.
You don't know how much I appreciate your bringing these by for me.
I've just now gotten the little one asleep.  Sit down for a minute, if
you have time."

    I sat in a chair in the living room, watching as she poured herself
onto the couch across from me, crossing her legs in that wonderfully
familiar way.  When she had crossed them, her hand fell to her lap
which unobtrusively resulted in her hem being raised a good four or
five inches more.

    She began to talk to me about the trials of motherhood, and as she
spoke her, hands began caressing those long legs which were mesmerizing
me as she talked.  I was nearly in a trance.

    "You really do like my legs, don't you?" she said with a smile,
awaking me from my reverie.

    A bit embarrassed to be caught staring so intently, I laughed a
nervous, little laugh and replied, "You know I do.  I've never seen
anyone with more beautiful legs than you have.  They've excited me for
at least ten years now."

    "Come here," she said, patting the couch beside her.

    I walked across the room, feeling my cock growing hard inside my
pants.  Much more, and it would be obvious how excited her legs made
me.  I sat next to her on the couch and felt Cindy take my hand in
her's to place in on her thigh a good six inches above her knee.

    "I'm glad you like my legs so much.  I love for men to admire them,
and I love to show them off.  Do you like the way they feel?"

    My cock was now straining at the front of my pants.  I'd never been
harder or hotter in my life.  "Oh, gawd, Cindy.  I've dreamed of
touching them more times than I can tell you.  They feel wonderful!" I
said breathlessly.

    Cindy removed her hand from mine and taking the hem of her dress in
her hands began to slide it upward until she had raised it nearly to
her waist.

    "Touch them all you like.  Touch them anyway you like," she said,
her own breathing now affected by the passion she was feeling as well.

    I slid my hand up her thigh, all the way to her panties, caressing
her soft skin and sliding my hand over the sides to touch every inch of
them.  She watched my hands at first, but soon slid down on the couch
to lay her head back against the back and uncrossed her legs, letting
them fall open slightly.  The blue dress had now ridden up to her
waist, exposing her white bikini panties, as well as every inch of the
legs that had been the object of my desire nearly half my life.

    Sliding off the couch and kneeling in front of her, I began kissing
her legs just above the knees as my hands continued to adore them.  She
let them fall even further open, until her pantied crotch was now fully
exposed to me.  As I kissed her opened thighs, I looked at her panties
and watched as they grew stained from the leaking juice that was now
pouring from her cunt.  What was at first a small circle had widened
until the damp stain now ran completely across the crotch of her
panties.  My nostrils were filled with the smell of my favorite
fantasy: girl's sex.

    The closer I got to her crotch with my kisses, the wider she opened
her legs until finally I began to lick at her cunt through the wet
panties that tried so valiantly to hold in her juice.  Her hips jerked
as my tongue licked across the silky fabric, stroking her hard clit
that pushed against it from the other side.

    Cindy reached down to pull the panties to one side, exposing her
now dripping wet fuck hole to my eager mouth and tongue.  Her left leg
now rose, and she placed it on my shoulders, her right leg following
suit as she pressed her pussy hard against my mouth.   Her hands moved
to my head, and she moaned sexily as she ground her hot pussy against
my mouth.

    I was in heaven.  I loved the feel of her silky, long legs gripping
my head and the smell and taste of her wonderful fuck juice as it
poured out into my mouth.  I could have eaten her for hours and never
grown tired.  But in a very short time, her orgasm overtook her, and
she began coming against my face, hunching her hips at me and
tightening and releasing those precious legs against the side of my
head as she came.

    When her legs had fallen away from my shoulders, I nervously looked
at my watch.  I had to go.  I was going to be too late getting home for
lunch if I didn't hurry.  "I have to get...that was marvelous, Cindy.
I don't know how I can thank you enough for what just happened."

    "Don't go.  Not yet," she said, reaching out for me as I rose from
my kneeling position in front of her.  Keeping her legs open wide and
her dress pulled all the way to her waist, Cindy began unzipping my
pants fishing my still rock hard cock out of its prison.  Leaning
forward, she took it into her mouth and began to feed more and more of
it into her.  Before I knew what was happening, she was fucking her
mouth back and forth on it giving me the best blow job I had ever had.

    As I looked down at her sucking my cock, her beautiful, long legs
were splayed to either side of her head framing the action of her lips
on my dick.  I placed my hands on her head, running my fingers through
her hair and pumped my cum-filled dick into her mouth as she eagerly
continued to suck on it.

    In no time at all I could stand it no longer, and the hot fuck
inside me erupted into her mouth in huge gobs.  She lovingly swallowed
it, and when she had milked me dry, licked her tongue around her lips,
eager to get every little drop of my cum.

    She lay back on the couch, leaving me to put my now limp dick back
into my pants and ran her hands along the insides of her soft thighs as
she smiled at me.

    "You can do that again, you know.  Anytime you want.  My legs are
your's to kiss or touch or see any time and any way you like.  You can
pull my dress up and see them whenever you like, and any time you want
to come by here and kiss them, just call and let me know.  Thanks for
bringing the pampers.  I have an idea I'm going to be needing alot of
them from now on," she said smiling.

    She did need alot of pampers in the days to come.  And I did take
advantage of her offer.  Every time was as special as the first.  To
this day, when I think of legs, I think of Cindy and the way she used
her's to drive me crazy all those years.

    It gave me great pleasure to teach Monica many of the techniques
that Cindy taught me, and when I watch her cross and uncross them and
pull her dress up just the right amount to make mouth's water all over
the room, I breathe a little thank you to the girl of my youth.

--
