                      Lesbian Bondage Games

        I'm involved in the most passionate affair of my life.  It
takes place every day at lunch.  You see, my lover and I work
together at the same company and each day, we go over to her
apartment for lunch.  Instead of eating lunch though, we make
love.  I can't think of anything I like more than her tasty pussy
or her luscious tits.
        We do see each other after hours and on weekends, but for
some reason, the lunch time sex seems sweeter and more intense. 
I mean, on a Saturday, we can spend hours and hours in bed,
licking and sucking each other until we can't move, and that is
wonderful.  But during the week, when we only have an hour or so,
it's like we're in heat the minute we get in the door.
        I get off just looking at Sylvia.  At five-foot-ten, she's
much taller than I am, with long, rounded legs, wide hips and
long blonde hair.  Her breasts are small, 34-B, and they look
almost too small for the rest of her body, but it doesn't matter. 
Her pussy is covered with the same beautiful blond hair that
cascades over her shoulders, and is always fresh-tasting.
        She's quite a contrast to me.  I'm only five-foot-three and
very thin.  My tits are tiny - in fact, I almost never wear a
bra.  My brunette hair is cut short.  My legs are very slim, my
hips are narrow, and my pussy is covered by a sparse carpet of
black hair.  I sometimes think I must look like a boy from the
rear, but Sylvia says I'm the sexiest woman she's ever known.
        Since she and I became lovers, our sex life has progressed
from the first, gentle touches, to some full-blown lovemaking
that shakes the rafters.  As time went on, I began to think it
couldn't get any better, but then, without any warning, Sylvia
would introduce something new and I'd come even more, cream even
louder, and love her more deeply.  I think last week was the
crowning achievement of our relationship.  In fact, every time I
think about what we did, I get wet.
        It was Tuesday, about 11:30, and we were getting things put
away before going to her apartment.  She turned to me with a shy
smile on her face and stared into my eyes.  "I've got something
special waiting for you," she whispered, careful that no-one was
near.  I glanced around and then looked at her.  "What is it?"
        "You'll just have to trust me, I think you're going to love
it."  With that, she turned to finish her work, leaving me to
ponder what she might have in store.  My pussy quivered in
anticipation and I could feel the wetness starting.
        We walked out to the parking lot and climbed into her car. 
The five-minute ride to her apartment seemed interminable, but at
last, we walked in and tossed our coats and stuff onto the couch.
        We were in each others arms instantly and she bent down so I
could kiss her.  Her warm lips pressed against mine.  Her hands
moved over my back, rubbing softly, and then came around front
and began to unbutton my blouse.  She pulled my shirt off,
exposing my breasts and knelt before me, kissing and licking the
pliant mounds.  I moaned quietly as her skilled tongue and lips
drove my breasts crazy and brought my nipples to full hardness.
        My pussy was soaked and ached for her touch.  I stepped out
of my shoes and she quickly slid my skirt and pantyhose off,
leaving me in just my tiny bikini panties.  She kissed my hot
slit through the thin fabric and I groaned as the heat in my
crotch increased.  She slid the panties down my legs and bent
lower to lick at my slick, wet, outer lips.  The touch of her
tongue sent tremors through my body, and I held her head to me
tightly.
        Her tongue bathed my outer lips in loving warmth and then
she stood and took my hands in hers.  She led me into her bedroom
and gently laid me down on the bed.
        "Now trust me, love," she whispered.  I lay very still as
she pulled my legs apart and moved to the foot of the bed.  I
looked down to see what she was doing and noticed some pantyhose
tied to the posts.  She took one and tied it around my ankle,
making it was secure, but not too tight.  She moved to my other
leg and tied it down, too.
        I pulled experimentally and found the bindings quite secure. 
She moved to the head of the bed and lifted my arms over my head. 
I looked up.  Pantyhose were tied to those posts, too.  She
gently tied one wrist, then the other, making sure I was unable
to get free, and then she stood back.
        She began to unbutton her dress and as each button opened, I
could see more and more of her creamy bosom and lacy bra.  She
pulled her arms free of the dress and slowly pushed it down and
stepped out of it.  She reached to the middle of the bra and
undid the hook, letting her small breasts stand free, the brown
nipples puckered and hard.
        She bent over slowly and slid her pantyhose and panties down
her legs.  She stood, her regal beauty glowing in the afternoon
sunlight.  My pussy ached for her touch and I lusted for that
incredible body.  Her pussy hairs were matted down with moisture. 
I was dying to taste her musky juices.
        She smiled at me and ran her hands slowly over her breasts,
rubbing the warm, yielding flesh.  As her fingers moved down her
rounded belly to her thick bush, I groaned.  I struggled against
my bonds, but I couldn't move.  I was in her power, a slave to
her every whim, and the though excited me beyond all reason.
        The silky smoothness of the pantyhose at my wrists and
ankles excited me, and I felt sweat begin to break out over my
body.  My breath rasped in my throat and my heart hammered as she
moved towards the bed and lay next to me.  Her hand brushed
against my cheek and I turned and kissed it, sucking at her long,
delicate fingers.
        She moved down and began to kiss me, starting with my mouth,
but moving to my cheeks, ears, and neck.  Each kiss sent a shiver
down my spine and I ached to touch her, feel her warm flesh and
carpet her incredible body with kisses of my own.
        She kissed her way further down, finally stopping at my
erect nipples.  Her soft lips circled the areolae and she sucked
as her tongue swirled around the hard nubs.  I cried out, my
pussy spasming excitedly at the contact.  She continued to suck,
moving from one breast to the other until I couldn't stand it any
more.  She started to kiss her way further down, stopping at my
navel to run her tongue around the tight little depression before
moving to my bush.  The tiny movement was only momentary, but the
wet smoothness of her tongue against my body was incredible.
        She kissed the downy hair softly, inhaling my musk deeply,
and then sucking at the soft flesh of my inner thighs.  I could
feel each movement of her lips and tongue in excruciating detail
and my pussy was begging for contact.  I was crying and moaning,
unable to move and not wanting to.  Finally, she slid her tongue
over my soaked outer lips and began to lick them very softly.
        She took one lip into her mouth and sucked it, sending hot
shivers of passion through my body.  She took the other lip in,
too, and licked that one until I could feel the beginnings of
orgasm flutter deep inside me.  My lips were puffy and sensitized
now and I knew my pussy was must have looked like an open flower. 
Sylvia always said I had the most beautiful pussy she's ever seen
and I could imagine she was thinking that now.
        Moving inside me, Sylvia began to slip her tongue deep into
my gushing channel, lapping at my juices with unrestrained
delight.  Each time her tongue entered me, the heat in my pussy
increased and the orgasm that was building got stronger.  I held
myself absolutely still, concentrating on the heat and the
touches, hoping she wouldn't stop before I came.  I knew she
could make me come in a second, or hold me on the very edge as
long as she wanted.  That thought both scared me and thrilled me. 
Her thrusting tongue kept driving in and I began to moan louder
as the orgasm got closer and closer.
        I closed my eyes as the first waves started to grip my
pussy.  I felt Sylvia move slightly.  Her tongue pulled free of
my gripping inner walls and she carefully opened my pussy up with
her hands.  I lay, fully exposed, completely at her mercy, on the
very brink of orgasm - and then she did it.
        Her soft lips closed around the tiny nub of my erect clit
and she began to suck.  The pressure sent a shock wave of
pleasure through my body, and as her tongue made contact with the
little button of flesh, I screamed once, my voice piercing and
full of pleasure.  The orgasm rippled through me like a tidal
wave, setting every nerve in my body on fire as sylvia kept on
licking.  Time became liquid and endless as each movement of her
tongue lengthened the orgasm and made it even stronger.  I
couldn't feel a thing any more except for the spreading heat and
my spasming pussy.  I couldn't feel the silky bonds holding me
tight or the soft comforter under me, just Sylvia's tongue and my
orgasm.  I was floating and coming, my whole body a big, wet
pussy.  Sweat poured off me like the love juices Sylvia lapped up
and all I could see was the bright colours inside my head.  
        Finally, I felt the contact break and my body slowed, coming
down in a steady wave.  My breath rasped loudly and when I opened
my eyes, I could see the flushed, ecstatic look on Sylvia's face
as she moved up so her breasts hovered over my face.  "Now it's
time for you to make me feel good, baby," she whispered, her
voice thick with lust.
        I was still pretty high from what she'd just done, but I was
also dying to feel her body.  She lowered her breasts one at a
time to my hungry lips, and I sucked at her erect nipples with
abandon.  Her flesh was sweet and salty, and each time  my tongue
slipped over the puckered flesh of her nipples, she moaned
quietly.  
        I was getting horny all over again, never wanting to stop
sucking her tits, when she moved up further, trapping my head
between her big, soft thighs.  I stared up into the dark folds of
her pussy and inhaled her pungent aroma.  I tried to lift my head
to taste her pussy, but it was out of reach.  "Please, let me
have it," I begged, my voice muffled.  
        "Only if you promise to do it good," she said.
        "Oh yes, better than I've ever done it before!"
        She lowered her pussy to my face until it rested on my lips. 
I opened my mouth and slid my tongue over her thick, soft outer
lips, pushing the pussy hair out of the way.  Her juices were hot
and delicious on my tongue, and the more I tasted, the more I
wanted.  I lapped at the lips, moving inside quickly as her moans
drove me on.  
        I wanted desperately to grab her tits, but my hands were
still securely bound.  Instead, I concentrated on giving her
everything I had.  Then, I felt something warm on my stomach.  I
peered down, but I couldn't see anything and I didn't want to
stop licking.  I felt the warmth move further down to my pussy
and I suddenly realized that Sylvia was going to rub my pussy.  I
shook with excitement as her fingers opened up my soaked sex and
when her slender digits started towards my clit, I had to stifle
a scream of sheer animal ecstasy.
        I knew she had her best orgasm from vaginal stimulation, not
clitorial, like me, so I concentrated on that.  As soon as I had
her lips apart, I began to slide my tongue in and out of her
tight hole.  I twisted it, pulled it and rubbed every way I
could, trying to hit as much of her cunt as I could.  Her legs
began to tighten around my head as I drove my tongue in deeper
and deeper and her moans soon became screams.
        She pushed her pussy down harder, almost smothering me, but
I was intoxicated by her taste, her scent and her whole body.  I
licked and sucked, trying to get every drop of her precious
juices as they flowed out faster and faster.  Her fingers were
working their magic, too, rubbing and stroking the throbbing love
button that lay in my silky folds.  The heat in my pussy once
again raced through me and the sweat poured out as I fought to
maintain control and give her pleasure.
        I felt her whole body go rigid and the walls of her pussy
began to contract as my tongue moved in and out with lightning
speed.  If I could just keep it up a little longer, I knew she'd
go crazy.  I licked harder, pointing my tongue and driving it in
as far as it would go.  Then, with a guttural scream, her entire
body began to shake and her pussy grabbed my tongue in a tight,
wet embrace.  
        I struggled to penetrate her further, but her orgasm was too
strong to fight.  She came in great, heaving sobs, her whole body
in motion as she rocked and swayed over me, finally falling over
to my side and laying in a stupor.  Her hand pulled from my pussy
just as the first waves of my orgasm were starting and I cried
out in frustration, my pussy still twitching hungrily, looking
for her.  She didn't stir for at least 5 minutes, and I just lay
still, trying to calm myself down, but failing as the itch in my
pussy got stronger.
        "It was fantastic, baby, the best ever," she breathed,
turning over and kissing me.  Then she saw the pained look on my
face and glanced down at her wet fingers. "Oh baby, I'm sorry, I
left you there'" she whispered.  Her fingers returned to my pussy
and relief flooded through me as she began to stoke my clit.  It
took only seconds for the fluttering, shivering spasms to return. 
She moved up, planting her soft lips on my left breast, and she
began to lick the nipple.
        The contact was all I needed.  I began to come.  The
pleasure was intense, but mellow, like a wave of warmth and
release flooding through my body.  I strained against my bonds
and cried out as I came.  Sylvia held me tightly, out bodies
sliding against each other from the sweat.  The orgasm ended
abruptly, leaving me tired, happy and horny all at once.  
        She stared at her watch a second and began to untie me. 
When I was free, I pulled her into my arms and held her close,
cherishing the feel of her body against mine, my arms finally
free to hold her.  I didn't want to get dressed and go back to
work; my pussy was still aching and yearned for more, but,
reluctantly, we dressed.
        On the way back to the office, Sylvia turned to me and gave
me a shy smile.  "I guess tomorrow you'll tie me up, huh?"
        The thought hit me like a bolt of lightning, and I suddenly
had a picture of her magnificent body lying on the bed, bound
hand and foot.  "I think I will," I said, trying not to let her
know I'd almost come just thinking about it.  
        What happened the next day was something I still haven't
quite recovered from.....
