Article 3346 of alt.sex.fetish.watersports:
Message-ID: <063310Z12011995@anon.penet.fi>
Path: usenet.ufl.edu!clas.ufl.edu!usenet.cis.ufl.edu!caen!zip.eecs.umich.edu!newsxfer.itd.umich.edu!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!Germany.EU.net!EU.net!news.eunet.fi!anon.penet.fi
Newsgroups: alt.sex.fetish.watersports
From: an32893@anon.penet.fi
X-Anonymously-To: alt.sex.fetish.watersports
Organization: Anonymous contact service
Reply-To: an32893@anon.penet.fi
Date: Thu, 12 Jan 1995 06:23:24 UTC
Subject: REPOST - Leslie and Lori Part 2
Lines: 251


(WARNING: The following story contains scenes of a graphic 
sexual nature. If you are offended by the frank discussion of 
sexuality, minority sexual tastes, or body products including 
urination and defecation, please do not read further.)
 
I would like to thank those people who sent positive feedback
and encouragement after reading Part One of Leslie and Lori.  
I hope you will continue to express your interest, if you have 
specific requests as to activities between Leslie and Lori please
describe them to me and I will try to work them into a future
posting.  


Leslie and Lori - Part 2

Leslie and Lori felt faint and giddy after their freeway discovery 
earlier that morning.  They drove back to Lori's apartment so that
she could clean up and pack some clothes.  They had already 
decided they were going to spend the weekend together at Leslie's
place.  While Lori was packing, Leslie made a list of things they 
would shop for this afternoon:  Bubble bath, plastic mattress cover,
fireplace logs, Champaign, several large bottles of water, and of 
course plenty of food for the weekend.  Lori came out of her room
fresh from a shower with clean white shorts and a flowered tank
top shirt.  "Whatcha doing?" Lori whispered as she sat down close
to Leslie on the couch and kissed her on the cheek.  "I'm making a 
list of things we will need for this weekend", replied Leslie.  Lori
peered over and perused the list.  "Oh, you naughty girl Leslie", 
were Lori's words, but her smile and tone left no doubt that she 
was in agreement with the list and more than ready to spend the 
weekend with her best friend.  Leslie turned a little red, but more 
from the excitement than from any embarrassment.  

"Lets go shopping" , exclaimed Leslie.  Lori grabbed the small suitcase 
she had packed and both girls headed for town.  "I'm hungry", 
whined Lori, lets stop and get some lunch before we start shopping.  
"Me too", agreed Leslie, "how about Mexican?".  "Sounds good to me", 
replied Lori.  So Leslie drove to one of the girls favorite Mexican 
restaurants; Pedros.  Both girls ordered margaritas and appetizers, 
followed by huge combo plates including tacos, burritos, beans, and 
rice.  With their hunger sedated, the girls proceeded to pick up 
everything else that was on Leslie's list.  Lori had secretly picked up 
several adult videos at the video rental shop next to Safeway while 
Leslie was shopping for food.  

With the list completed, the girls headed for Leslie's apartment.  
Leslie had a large two bedroom apartment with a fireplace, a large 
Jacuzzi style tub in the bathroom, and a beautiful view of the city 
from her living room.  While Leslie was putting away the groceries,
Lori started a fire, turned on one of the videos she had rented, and 
stretched out on the couch.  "Can I get you something to drink ?", 
shouted Leslie from the kitchen.  "Ice water sounds good to me", 
replied Lori.  Soon Leslie emerged from the kitchen with two large 
glasses of ice water.  Lori sat up and took one of the glasses from 
Leslie as she sat down on the couch next to Lori.  "What are you 
watching ?", questioned a shocked Leslie, as she stared at two 
lesbians locked in a 69 on her 27" television.  "A movie I rented 
while you were shopping at Safeway", Lori answered.  

Both girls were obviously thirsty as they drained one, two, and 
finally three glasses of water as they sat on Leslie's couch, stared at 
the TV, and watched several different beautiful women enjoy one 
another in many different scenarios.  Lori was resting her head on 
Leslie's shoulder and they were holding hands when Leslie spoke.  
"Lori, I have been thinking a lot about what happened this morning.  
I have never considered myself a lesbian, but what happened 
between us this morning felt so natural, I have to believe we should 
continue to explore these feelings."  "I was hoping you would say 
that", cooed Lori as she put her arms around Leslie and hugged her 
tight.  "What do you say we try out that big tub of yours", Lori said 
with a smile.  Leslie, who was obviously nervous but still excited, 
mustered a quiet "OK".  Both girls walked arm in arm to the 
bathroom and Leslie turned the water on in the tub.  "Hand me the 
bubble bath", said Leslie as she adjusted the water temperature and 
plugged the drain.  Leslie squirted a generous amount of bubble bath 
into the tub and the powerful aroma of potpourri quickly filled the 
room.  

Lori quickly dropped her white shorts and tore off her tank top, she 
was not warring any panties or bra.  Leslie had never seen her friend 
naked before.  As she stood waiting for the tub to fill, she admired 
her friends beautiful form.  "Your beautiful", moaned Leslie as she 
stared at Lori's perfectly shaped breasts.  Leslie noticed that Lori had 
shaved her pussy except for a small triangle of dark, course, hair 
about an inch above her vulva.  "Well, lets see you dear", Lori 
responded as she helped her friend remove her tight jeans and 
blouse.  As Lori unhooked Leslie's bra, Leslie's breasts seem to 
expand and her nipples could have cut glass.  Leslie had only sparse 
light brown hair covering her pussy.  "Your not bad yourself", stated 
Lori as her eyes swept Leslie's now naked body.  Leslie could see 
Lori's nipples widen and rise as Lori continued to inspect Leslie's 
form.  Leslie turned off the water and was first into the large sunken 
tub.  Lori followed and they sat facing one another with the water 
level at their midsection.  

Lori stretched out her legs and took two handfuls of the suds and 
rubbed it against her breasts.  "Wow, this feels great", sighed Lori.  
Leslie splashed the warm water over her shoulders and slid down so 
that the ball of Lori's left foot was resting on her pussy.  Leslie 
grabbed Lori's left ankle and began to rub her pussy against Lori's 
foot.  "I am going to piss on your foot", Leslie said.  "Please do", 
sighed Lori as her own hands quickly found their way to her shaven 
pussy.  Lori suddenly felt a hot jet of water on the bottom of her foot.  
"I am going to have to join you", cried Lori as she scooted down in 
the tub so that their legs were intertwined and their pussies only 
inches away from each other.  Lori could feel Leslie's powerful 
stream pound against her clit as she started her own stream.  "I can 
feel your pee on my pussy" , screamed Leslie and quickly began to 
grind her pussy against Lori's.  Lori noticed Leslie starting to buck, 
and from her experience this morning, knew that Leslie was near 
orgasm.  "Wait for me", cried Lori.  Both girls continued to pee as 
they rubbed their crotches together.  "Oh my god, Oh my god" 
screamed Lori as she neared her own nirvana.  Leslie slapped the 
water hard and her body shook violently.  Leslie's feet emerged from 
the water and Lori noticed that her toes were tightly clinched and 
her legs were trembling.  The sight of her friend cuming so hard set 
Lori over the edge and waves of ecstasy swept over her body.  

The girls moans of pleasure were soon joined by a loud Frrrrruuppp, 
Frrrruuuaap, Blubbb, Blubbb, Blubbb. Lori's orgasmic convulsions 
caused her to involuntarily fart several times.  Large bubbles floated 
to the surface of the tub and burst.  "Oh my god that felt good", Lori 
moaned, "Mexican food always gives me gas".  "It gives me gas too", 
giggled Leslie.  Leslie leaned slightly to one side and let loose with a 
mighty fart, followed by two smaller blasts.  "Ahhhh", sighed Leslie 
as her large bubbles began to burst between the two girls, Blubbb, 
Blubbb, Blubbb, Blubbb, Blubbb.  "Ohh, Wow", exclaimed Lori.  "That 
felt neat, your fart bubbles tickled my clit as they rose to the 
surface".  The sharp, meaty fragrance of the girls bowels quickly 
mixed with the sweet potpourri fragrance from the bubble bath to 
create a strange yet appealing aroma.  Leslie's comment, "Smells like 
someone shit on a bouquet of roses in here", caused Lori to laugh 
hysterically.  

"Lets go to the bedroom", announced Leslie.  The girls slowly climbed 
from the tub and dried each other off.  Lori ran to the bedroom buck 
naked and playfully jumped on Leslie's king size bed.  "Wait", 
shouted Leslie, "lets put the plastic cover on first".  The girls removed 
the covers and sheets, placed the plastic cover they had purchased 
over the mattress, and re-made the bed.  Both girls were still naked 
as they crawled under the covers and into each others arms.  "I love 
you Les", whispered Lori, as she cuddled close to Leslie and looked 
into her eyes.  Leslie's eyes swelled with tears as she happily 
responded "I love you too, Lori".  Lori kissed Leslie hard on the lips 
and then moved slowly to her neck and then on to her firm breasts. 
Leslie's nipples hardened as Lori's tongue flicked teasingly back and 
forth from one to the other.  Lori's tongue left a wet cool trail as she 
slowly licked down Leslie's hard stomach to the soft flesh of her 
inner thighs.  

Lori's tongue continued its voyage, up Leslie's thighs to the soft outer 
edges of her vulva.  Leslie was going crazy, she felt the inner folds of 
her pussy swell and open as if inviting Lori in.  Leslie felt a hot 
trickle of pussy juice run down to her anus and drip onto the sheets.  
"LICK ME", Leslie grunted in a husky, trembling voice.  Lori moved 
her body around on top of Leslie, into the 69 position they had 
recently watched on the video.  Without any hesitation, Leslie 
grabbed Lori by the waist and pulled her down onto her awaiting 
mouth.  Leslie hungrily attacked Lori's shaved pussy as a starving 
dog would attack a plate of food.  " Oh god that feels good", shrieked 
Lori as she ground her hot pussy into Leslie's face and then leaned 
down to continue her licking of Leslie's soaked pussy.  "PEE for me",
cried Leslie as she came up for air between Lori's jerking legs.  "I will 
if you will", answered Lori.  Leslie must have been ready because she 
immediately let loose with a powerful fountain of piss that shot a 
foot straight out before soaking into the sheets.  Lori immediately 
lowered her mouth over Leslie's golden fountain and drank greedily 
while continuing to stroke at Leslie's clit between swallows.  While 
still drinking, Leslie felt Lori push against her face and let loose with 
a tremendous torrent of piss which sprayed over Leslie's whole face 
and completely soaked her hair.  Lori's piss came with such volume, 
that Leslie had to gasp for breath and swallow quickly to survive the 
downpour.  Leslie's mouth was pressed hard against Lori's pussy 
when she actually felt Lori's pussy begin to spasm in orgasmic bliss
and Lori went rigid on top of her for a few seconds.  Leslie felt the 
familiar signs of her own approaching orgasm, stretched her legs, 
clinched her toes, and shook violently as her whole body tingled.

Lori rolled off the top of Leslie, turned around and crawled up next 
to her.  Lori kissed Leslie softly on the cheek and said "Wow, that 
was probably the most intense sex I have ever had".  "Me too", 
quickly agreed Leslie.  Both girls just laid there quietly for several 
minutes enjoying their post orgasmic bliss.  Suddenly Leslie turned
onto her side and announced "Oh, Oh, I have to fart", followed by a 
long squeaky release, skkkrrrrruup.  Lori laughed, "Sounded like 
someone blowing a whistle to me".  Leslie giggled, "I would love to lay 
here with you all night, but I am afraid I must run off to the 
bathroom".  "How come", replied Lori, "we already have to wash the 
sheets, why not just do your business right here in bed ?"  

"Are you serious ?", questioned Leslie.  "Sure", continued Lori, "I have 
done it before, it is very relaxing and feels great.  As a matter of fact,
my stomach is telling me I will have to join you.  What I like to do 
best is sit up in bed, play with myself, and slowly force the load to 
squash its way between my cheeks, up my crack, and between my 
legs.  It always gives me a warm cozy orgasm - trust me".  With that, 
Lori stacked the pillows up against the headboard and leaned back 
against them, sitting relaxed, almost straight up, with her legs 
stretched straight out in front of her.  "Come over and join me", 
pleaded Lori.  Leslie scooted up and sat next to her friend in the 
same position.  Lori slowly began to rub her lower stomach with one 
hand while her other hand reached down and squeezed two fingers 
between her legs so they she could reach the top of her pussy.  Lori 
suddenly let go with a series of small short fart bursts which were 
muffled by the mattress, Frup, Frup, Frup, Frrruuuup.  "Won't be long 
now", mused Lori as she looked and smiled at Leslie.  Leslie watched 
closely and started to rub herself the same way as Lori was.
Leslie felt her own cramps beginning to build.  "I have to go", cried 
Leslie.  "Just let it happen", replied Lori, "give a little push".  Leslie
grunted and pushed, she felt her anus press against the softness of 
the sheets and then slowly begin to blossom open.  A warm turd 
slowly tried to emerge from her anus only to be pushed back up by the 
weight of her body.  "It won't come out", whined Leslie.  "Yes, it will", 
whispered Lori, "shift your weight a little if you have to".  

Leslie looked over at Lori and saw her bend slightly to the left and 
open her legs a little wider.  Leslie caught a slight whiff from Lori's
side of the bed and knew she had begun to shit.  She saw Lori 
increase the motion of her masturbation and heard her begin to 
moan loudly.  Leslie took her hands and pressed down on the bed 
beside her buttocks slightly lifting herself off the covers.  Her 
awaiting treasure could now make its way between her crack and 
squished both behind and in front of her.  Leslie sat back down on 
what she had produced.  Lori was right, it felt wonderful, warm and 
cozy.  Leslie began to slowly rock back and forth on her spreading 
mound, taking the lead from watching what Lori was doing through 
the corner of her eye, and continuing to add to her pile every time 
she felt the need by leaning far enough over to allow room for her to 
further release her bowels.  When Leslie had finished adding to her 
pile, she looked down to see that she had smeared shit everywhere 
on her ass, between her legs, and she felt its warmth on the small of 
her back.  Leslie looked over to see Lori bucking wildly from a 
massive orgasm and slump in exhaustion away from her.  When Lori 
had fallen over, she uncovered a tremendous mound that she had 
been sitting on.  Leslie was so aroused by the sights, sounds, and 
smells that surrounded her she reached over and touched Lori's still 
hot pile.  She unconsciously brought her fingers to her nose to 
breathe the product of her lover, as the fingers on her other hand 
quickly brought herself over the edge and the waves of her orgasm 
racked her body.  


Please send me your comments / interest in me continuing or
modifying this storyline.  Thanks.  

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
Due to the double-blind, any mail replies to this message will be anonymized,
and an anonymous id will be allocated automatically. You have been warned.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.


