Archive-name: Changes/leslie2.txt
Archive-author: Leslie Leigh
Archive-title: Fantasy Cruise II - The Sequel

                                 
As Bobbi closed the door to the cabin I was suddenly consumed by a feeling of
great fear.  Here I was, a man in drag, preparing for all the world to see
right through me.  " Bobbi,  Maybe this isn't a good idea."  "Don't be worried
silly, I wouldn't do anything to hurt you.  Let's go get some food.  Give it a
few minutes and if you don't feel comfortable we'll head back to your cabin. 
Trust me,  your the prettiest lady on this ship."  Bobbi's statement caused me
to blush, but the tone of her voice told me that I was not being set up to take
a fall.  She took me by the arm and began to guide me down the hall.  The new
shape of my body and the heels that I was wearing forced me to walk with an
unstable swish.  "Don't take such big steps, You'll find that the trick to
heels is to take dainty little steps., placing one foot in front of the other."
 Before continuing down the hall I practiced a bit with my new situation.  As I
grew comfortable with my new walk and the bounce of my buns we started on our
way.
"Because I know better, I'd say that you were enjoying this".  I smiled at
Bobbi's comment and took her by the arm. " Let's hurry up and get going before
I chicken out"

As we entered the dining room it went silent. "LADIES, IT IS MY PRIVILEGE TO
INTRODUCE YOU TO MISS LESLIE LEIGH".  All heads turned in my direction.  After
a moment that seemed like an eternity everyone stood and applauded.  Bobbi took
my arm and escorted me to our table. On our way I received little hugs and
kisses from what seemed like a hundred attractive women. The room went silent
only after we reached our table and sat down.  "Now wasn't that easy?"  "Bobbi
this may seem like a strange question, but why are there only women in here?" 
Bobbi giggled " Not all of these folks are women,  Some are women, some are men
who enjoy wearing sexy clothes.  You my dear are very special and everyone is
happy that you finally joined us. Dinner was delicious but I could hardly keep
my eyes open by the time desert was served.  The evening became a blur as I
relized that I was unable to keep my hold on reality.
As I dreamt that night, I saw myself meeting myself.  My male self was
wandering naked in darkness when another figure appeared.  It was my female
self, dressed in a long flowing gown.  She, I mean I, began a conversation with
him, I mean me. She exuded a confidence that he lacked.  Taking the initiative
she pulled him close and kissed him deeply.  Her hands explored his body.  She
laid him upon the ground and made love to him.  The moans of pleasure were in
perfect unison and built to a glorious climax.  He looked deeply into her eyes
and said one word; "yes".  She kissed him and he dissolved into space.  She
stood, brushed the hair from her face " Now we are one".
I awoke in my cabin, the brightness of the day peering in through the windows. 
I pulled back the cover to find that I was wearing a satiny little nighty.  My
hands began to caress the fabric and the new body that was underneath.  I felt
strange yet terribly excited as my hands reached my growing breasts.  My
nipples hardened in response to my caress.  One hand began to explore other
regions of myself.  I felt velvety smooth skin at every touch.  My hand slid
from my breast as I gently arched my back. Lower, inch by inch, taking in every
sensation.  A flat, smooth stomach and a thin waist. hips that were round yet
firm.  My hand moved toward my crotch, not wanting to awake from the fantasy,
but having to know what remained of my former self.  I was ripped out of my
fantasy body tour as I discovered Fred.  He was still there, but had become
ever smaller. The term "pencil dick" popped into my head, but this pencil had
been in an electric sharpener a little too long. My balls couldn't be found.
Notjust hard to find but gone. Trust me I knew where I had left them.  I ran to
the bathroom for a closer examination. As I got up Bobbi entered the room "Good
your up. We've got a big day ahead of us"  "Bobbi, what happened last night?" 
"After we came back to the cabin you passed out.  You looked so dear that I
just undressed you and put you to bed."  "No I mean, ... Look." I held the
loose skin that had contained my balls for her examination. "MY BALLS ARE
GONE."  "Oh yes, Dr. Sullivan thought it would be a good idea to get a head
start on your procedures. All it took was a small incision and a few snips and
"TA DA". Besides, you must get out into the sea air.  You've been couped up in
here too long and there's no way we could hide those old things in this."  She
held out a couple of very small pieces of fabric.  "What's that?"  "This is a
little something I bought for you.  Your going to be so cute!" Bobbi took a
step towards me and held the bottoms up to my body.  "It looks like we may have
to get rid of that hair around your bikini line."  She turned me around and
headed me back toward the bathroom.  She had me sit on the edge of the vanity
and spread my legs.  She opened the medicine closet and pulled out her
supplies.  First she trimmed the area with some scissors.  Then she applied
some shaving cream to the area.  As she rubbed it in I found myself enjoying
the whole experience.  I closed my eyes and began to feel the energy of her
touch. I felt the coldness of the razor  contact my skin. The pressure was
building inside me and I found myself moaning in ecstasy. My body was writhing
with pleasure. I began to massage my budding breast when I felt the warmth of
Bobbi's mouth in my crotch.  She kissed what was left of my former sex.  My
head was telling me that I should have a rock hard erection, but my senses were
telling me a new story. I collapsed as every muscle in my body tensed and
released. As I regained my senses I found Bobbi resting her head in between my
legs. She looked up at me, smiled. " I hope you don't mind.  I just couldn't
help myself."  When she lifted her head she exposed the fact that she had done
a little more than cleaning up my "bikini line".  There was no hair left around
my diminishing manhood.  Before I could say a thing Bobbi bounced to her feet. 
" This suit doesn't leave much to the imagination.  I figured we should play it
safe.  Besides  you have recovered faster than we thought so we've moved your
surgery up and we would have to shave the area anyway." She put her hand on the
newly denuded skin "I really enjoy the feel of shaved pussy." She bent over and
gave me a another little kiss. I finally was able to gain enough composure to
comment, " Bobbi, I think that this is really what I have always wanted.  I
love my new body and I think I love you."  Bobbi smiled from ear to ear "
honey, you are moving a bit too fast.  When we're finished with you every man
will want you for his own.  I do like you, but let's take it slow. O.K.?"
I was a little embarrassed and a little hurt that my emotions were so one
sided, but I realized that she was probably right.  I was experiencing so many
new feelings that maybe I had jumped prematurely.  A tear ran down my cheek. 
Bobbi took me in her arms and gave me a hug.  "Let's get going and enjoy the
day."
She helped me on with the suit.  The bottom was no more than a triangular piece
of fabric with a string attached to each corner.  She tied the three strings
together in the back and snugged the sides up on my hips.  She placed her hand
on my crotch and gave it a little rub. "See how smooth you are?   Then she
handed me the top which I put on with only a little difficulty. My breasts were
getting bigger everyday and were peeking out from all directions of the top.
Bobbi stepped back to take it all in. "Girl, we need to get you some sun. 
You're new body is crying out for a tan."  She walked to the closet and pulled
a cover-up from it's hanger and a bag from the floor. She placed the bag on the
bed and handed me the sheer cover-up. She then got a pair of sandals out. She
sat me on the corner of the bed and lifted my leg by my calf.  She then slipped
the sandals on my feet and pulled me to my feet. She then did a little fix on
my make-up and we were off to the pool.
We drenched ourselves in the warm sun and talked about what I had to look
forward to. As we laid on our backs she explained that the operation was
normally done in stages, but that the ship's operating room had the latest
"state of the art" equipment so there was less shock to the body.  All
incisions would be made with a computer controlled laser.  The technology was
so innovative that it left no scars and healing was incredibly fast.  Most of
the incisions would not even require any stitches.  She assured me that Dr.
Sullivan's technique was the best in the world and that everything would be
just fine. The conversation  then turned to "girl talk".  We gabbed about
clothes, hair and make-up After about a half an hour we turned over and get
some sun on our backs.  The fullness of my breasts under my body felt a little
strange at first, but I soon found it somewhat intoxicating.  As I relaxed in
the heat of the sun I felt a warm hand on my back. "We don't want you to burn. 
Let me put a little oil on you"  She untied the strings to my top and began to
massage some oil onto my skin.  I found myself relaxing to her every touch.  I
then felt the strings to my bottom fall to my sides. I felt her hands slide
over my buns, caressing then gently.  I was in heaven!  Without thinking I spun
around and grabbed Bobbi and kissed her with every bit of passion I possessed. 
She melted in my arms as she returned my passion.   As I released her from my
embraced we both realized that my top and bottom were laying on the deck.  We
looked at each other and giggled.  " Bobbi,  I've got to have you now."  She
returned with a sly smile and the offer of a large towel. "Let's go lover."  We
jumped up and practically ran to my cabin where I wasted no time in getting
back to were I had left off. We where in perfect sync with each other. Our
souls seemed somehow entwined and we explored each other leaving no flesh
unloved.
I awoke in Bobbi's arms.  I felt so warm and loved.  Bobbi kissed me on the
back of my neck. "Today's the big day.  Come on sleepy head, Dr. Sullivan is
expecting you at 10am sharp."  I got to my feet and did a little stretch.
"Bobbiwill you be with me during the surgery?  " Honey I will be with you until
you grow tired of me.  I was wrong to question your emotions and twice as wrong
to question mine.  I do love you."
There was a knock on the door and in walked a young woman in a nurses uniform. 
" Miss Leigh it's time to get prepped.  I sat in the wheelchair that she
offered and off we went.  I was soon being prepped for the surgery that would
finally rid me of a life that never seemed to fit quite right.  Dr. Sullivan
leaned over and gave me a few reassuring words and then turned to the nurse.
"Miss Leigh this will let you sleep during the procedure."  She placed a
plastic mask over my nose and mouth.  " Take a deep breath and please count
down from one hundred."  I took a deep breath and looked into the nurses eyes.
"99-98-97-96-95---94. ........" As blackness flooded my consciousness I heard
Bobbi's voice.  " I'll be here if you need me.  I love You."  These were the
last words I heard as my blackness changed to white.

When reality and I once again joined I was sore all over. From head to toe I
had a dull ache.  " Did everything go well?"  "Darling things went terrific! 
Dr. Sullivan said that you were strong enough to finish all the procedures. 
Sheactually was able to use some new techniques that I am sure you will be
pleased with. Dr. Sullivan will be here in a while, but for now just relax." I
closed my eyes and followed Bobbi's suggestion.  I couldn't move anyway.  I was
able to see that I looked like a mummy.  I was wrapped from head to toe in
gauss wrapping.
Dr. Sullivan moved into my line of sight. " Good evening Miss Leigh,  I just
wanted to stop by and let you know how everything went.  You have undergone
some major plastic surgery in the last few hours and if I do say so myself. I
did my best work ever.  In addition to the genital reconstruction we gave you a
size C set of breasts.  With all of the hormone treatments you've had they look
very natural.  We also inserted some implants around your hips and buttocks.  I
decided that while we were at it I'd  work on you lips, cheeks, nose and eyes a
bit.  I hope you like my work when you see it.  Your entire body is covered in
on of my little tricks.  I use a cream which acts as a preventative measure
against infection.  It is loaded with a topical hormone which will allow for
quick healing, no scarring and best of all, smoother skin.  I will be back in
the morning to remove the bandages and check out my work.  Tonight just rest
and dream of your new life."   She then gave me two shots.  " The first shot I
gave you will help you sleep tonight and ease any discomfort you may feel.  The
second was your last mega dose of hormones.  It contains an activator which
will begin the flow of hormones from the time release unit we implanted."  Dr.
Sullivan continued to talk as her image blurred and my mind once again faded to
white. 

I awoke the next morning and was feeling great.  All the ache from the night
before had disappeared.  I was a little apprehensive about what I would find
under my wraps.  I had seen pictures of people who had undergone minor plastic
surgery and they all were black and blue for weeks after the procedure.  I was
preparing myself for the worst when Dr. Sullivan entered.  " Good, You're
awake.  As soon as Bobbi gets here we'll see how we did.  No sooner had she
uttered Bobbi's name the door opened and in walked Bobbi and Carla.   "Hi hon,
how are you doing?  I brought Carla with me to get your new measurements.  We
need to get you dressed for tonight." 
I heard the click of the scissors as they cut the bandages on my legs.  As the
bandages were removed up to my waist there was a gasp in the room.  My mind
raced thinking that something had gone terribly wrong.  I went into a mild
state of shock until the bandages came off on my chest.  The room broke out in
a simultaneous cheer.  Bobbi leaned towards me. "YOU ARE GORGEOUS" Dr. Sullivan
helped me sit up and I was able to see my legs.  They were wonderful.  They
tapered up to very voluptuous hips.  Dr. Sullivan then removed the bandages
from my head and once again there was a little cheer.  Bobbi handed me a mirror
and I tentatively turned it to my face.  The image that met my gaze was that of
a true beauty.  I was speechless as the girls helped me to my feet.  They
escorted me to the full length mirror and I felt my knees go weak. Staring back
at me was the woman I had seen in my dreams.  This was the woman that I had
searched for all my life.  I had never imagined that I was my perfect woman.
As I stood admiring my image Carla went to work.  " Hips" A tape was looped
around my body. "36 ... Waist .... 25 ... Chest ... 36C.  She smiled at me and
gave me a little peck on the cheek. "I'll be back in bit with some new frocks."
 She bounced out of the cabin.  "Well what do you think?" Dr. Sullivan broke me
from my trance.  " I look ... WONDERFUL.  I was afraid that I was going to be
bruised all over."  "My technique and the use of the post-op cream eliminates
most all trauma to the effected tissue."  My hands began to explore my new
body.  I examined my crotch and it reminded my of a pre-pubescent girl.  There
was of course no hair, but is was all female.  My shape was even more feminine
than before the surgery and I found myself exploring every newfound curve.  My
hands moved up and caressed my breast.  They could no longer be termed as
"budding".  They were full and very womanly.  It was going to take a while
before they felt natural.  Still higher, my hands reached my face. I traced the
outline of my full lips,  felt the fullness of my cheeks and fell in love with
the way my eyes had been brought out.  I imagined myself being the face on a
Cosmo in the very near future.  I was so into myself that I had forgotten that
Bobbi was in the room.  I turned around and found that Bobbi was as "into" my
new body as I was.  I squealed and shocked Bobbi by grabbing her. " I hope you
like my new body as much as I do."  Bobbi, still a little shocked by my sudden
attack. " Girl, I love it.  I wish I looked as good as you do.  I'm going to
have a battle to keep the men away from your cute little body."
" I can see that you're doing just fine. Come see me before we dock." Dr
Sullivan turned and left the cabin. Before the door closed Carla came back in
with two other girls.  In a rush of modesty I tried to cover up, but I found
that I no longer had enough hands to cover all the vital areas. I simply gave
up and laughed out loud.  Carla and her entourage began to sort some of the
clothes out on the bed. The four girls acted as if I was a life sized Barbie
Doll.  They slid a fresh pair of black laced french cut panties into place.  I
was pleasantly surprised as the crotch eased up between my new lips.  A
matching underwire bra was supporting my boobs and a girdle was pulled tight
nipping my waist down to a petite 20 inches.  A garter belt was put around my
waist and a pair of black silk stockings was attached to the garters.  The
girls then slipped a gown over my head.  I was a royal blue tea length with a
sheath bodice.  My new cleavage was diffused by a little lace trim. I sat on
the edge of the bed and Carla placed a pair of satin pumps on my feet.  The
girls then guided me to the vanity and began to make me over.  Bobbi worked my
hair atop my head exposing my neck.  Carla and the other two giggled as they
applied the magic to my face.  My nails were shaped and polished.  Diamond drop
earrings were put in my earlobes and a matching necklace was draped around my
neck.  A touch of "White Shoulders" perfume was dabbed on my neck, in my
cleavage and behind my knees. The girls then dragged me back to the full length
mirror.  I couldn't believe that the person looking back was really me.  There
was no clue that I was ever anything but the beautiful woman that I now was. 
Myhead was reeling as I was swung around to face Bobbi.  She was down on one
knee.  "Leslie, A vast emptiness has been filled by your light.  I want us to
share a life together, The good times and the bad.  Please say that you will
join me in my journey called life. Our souls are stronger as one."  She took my
left hand and slipped a diamond on my ring finger. "Leslie, this ring signifies
my undying love for you.  It has no beginning and it has no end.  Tell me that
you will be mine until the end of time."
   My mind was racing,  the overage of emotion rushed my brain and the world
                                  faded.....
                                        
 "Miss Leigh, we're here."  It was Bobbi's voice that brought me back.  "Bobbi
... Yes"   "Excuse me Miss Leigh?"  I suddenly realized that I was in the limo.
  A quick assessment revealed that I was just good old MALE Les Leigh.  " I'm
 sorry Bobbi, you caught me in the middle of a dream."  "I'm sorry Miss Leigh,
   but the ship leaves in an hour. It's time for us to board and start that
 vacation."  "Bobbi, are you going to be on the cruise?"  "Yes I will. In fact
  my cabin is right across from yours.  Why do you ask? "Perhaps we could get
together for dinner?"  "I'd love that Miss Leigh.  Let's get going before they
sail without us."  She opened my door and we walked towards the SS Jorgenson. 
   As I got closer I couldn't help but wonder about my dream.  It was just a
                             dream, wasn't it?   
                    I'll send you a postcard when we dock.
              Weather is here.  Wish I was Beautiful!!                         
                                                       


"Les,  Miss Leigh wake up it's time to go."  I opened my eyes and found myself
  in the limo. It was dark outside " Your cruise leaves in an hour. Let's get
 going."  "Bobbi, I just had the strangest dream......" "Was I in it?"  "Yes,
                                but            


--
