Archive-name: Changes/leslie1.txt
Archive-author: Leslie Leigh
Archive-title: Fantasy Cruise



I was totally burned-out.  The feature project which I had
been working on for the last six months was drawing to an
end.  Production was wrapping and the crew was saying it's
good byes.  The Production company was excited about the
product, a futuristic action adventure film, shot in Atlanta,
with two of the hottest box office stars in the world.
Figuring that it would easily net in excess of forty million
in theatrical release alone and grateful that we were on
schedule and under budget, my friend for many years, Diane
who owns the production company added a perk in the form of
an all-expense paid three month vacation cruise.

She said that they owned a part of the cruise line and that
I was booked in a luxury cabin.  Anything I might need could
be obtained with my signature, so the fact that I was ill-
prepared for an ocean cruise made little difference.  She
explained that she had taken a cruise on the line about ten
years ago and that she enjoyed herself so much that she
talked her partners into buying a major holding in the cruise
line.  Diane said that she had noticed how much energy I put
into my work and that she knew that I needed a change of
pace.  I didn't argue with her, I had sensed that my
creativity was at an all time log and was in need of a
recharge.  "Les, when you get back from the cruise you'll
feel like a new person.  And who knows...you may meet the
girl of your dreams." She gave me a peck on the cheek and
handed me plane tickets to Miami and sent me on my way.

I arrived in  Miami at 1:30 pm and was greeted at the airport
by a Limo driver holding a sign that read;

                    Ú--------------------¿
                    ³  Fantasy Cruises   ³
                    ³     Ms.  Leigh     ³
                    À--------------------Ù

I overlooked the obvious typo and introduced myself to the
driver.  After I showed her some ID and told her that Diane
had sent me she accepted that I was the party that she was to
pick-up.  She was a classy young woman in her twenties and
she introduced herself as Bobbie.  She was dressed in a cris`
black chauffeurs uniform with it's cap atop beautiful long
blond hair, fitted jacket, white blouse, red bow tie, form
hugging black skirt cut just above her perfect knees, black
seamed hose, all perched atop a pair of red patent 5" pumps.
To say that she was stunning would have been a great
injustice.

We waited for my single suit bag to appear on the carousel
for almost an hour.  All the other passengers from Altanta
had received their bags and were long gone.  Bobbie said that
there was a clothing store on the ship and that all I would
need to do was sign for what ever I needed.  " Besides, you
probably will only need a couple swim suits."  I really
didn't have many options.  The airline figured that my bag
was now on its way to Puerto Rico and that there was no way
they could get it to the ship before we left.  Bobbie
reassured me that  everything would be fine and she escorted
me to a white stretch limo just outside the baggage area and
opened the door. "Make yourself at home, the cruise doesn't
leave until 9 pm so we have some extra time.  Have you ever
been to Miami before?" I told her that I had, but like most
of my travels, I had not had a chance to see anything besides
my hotel room and the location.

"Well then, we'll just drive around a while and I'll point
out some landmarks.  There's a laptop computer in the back
with a vacation survey program.  It will give us an idea of
the activities that you might enjoy during the cruise.  If
you have any questions feel free to ask me." With that she
closed the door and assumed her position behind the wheel.
As we pulled away from the airport I opened the computer and
turned it on.  It went through a short boot-up routine and a
screen appeared.

Ú----------------------------------------------------------¿
³                    Fantasy Cruise Lines                  ³
³                  Preliminary Questionnaire               ³
³                                                          ³
³                                                          ³
³          Press Enter when you are ready to begin         ³
À----------------------------------------------------------Ù

I pressed the enter key and began. I answered the first few
questions with ease.  Name, address, income level, hobbies,
etc.   The next section dealt with legal issues.  You know
the "In case of emergency contact:"  My parents had passed on
sometime ago and the last time I allowed another to touch my
heart was too long ago. For the last ten years I had married
myself to my business.  The offspring of this pairing were
the coldness of a little fame and moderate fortune, children
who could turn on you in the brightness of a photographers
flash.  I could think of nobody who I would wish to burden if
something should happen, so I put Dianes name in the blank.
A shiver of loneliness swelled through my body as I realized
that I had pushed aside any chance of sharing my life with
another soul.  Bobbies voice brought me back to reality, "
You looked stumped.  Can I help?". "No thanks, I was just
thinking about how much I needed time away from work to
evaluate my life."
Bobbie docked the boat of a vehicle along the curb and looked
back into passenger area. " There's a fully stocked bar back
there.  It's all part of the package.  You sound like you
could use a strong one.  Just relax and soon you will be away
from all those old pressures .".  The look on her face and
sound of her voice showed honest caring and concern.  I felt
as if somehow we had connected during the moment of eye
contact that she offered.  Then she turned, closed the
privacy screen, and took us back into traffic. The brief
encounter of our souls left me feeling somehow renewed.
I opened the bar and grabbed a shot glass, salt, lime and a
bottle of Ceurvo 1800.  The ritual began, Salt. Shot. Lime.
CRINGE.  All in all the effect was well received.  I went
back to the survey.  The questions became more and more
personal as I went on.  They dealt with sexual realities and
fantasies, beginning with the age of my first experience and
ending with my description of the perfect fantasy woman.  I
was meticulous, leaving no detail to the imagination.  I have
always been a perfectionist.  Don't get me wrong, I know that
the physical attributes are only a small part of a person and
that what counts is the heart and soul, but come on, this is
a Fantasy Cruise. I finished  the survey and the screen
responded.

Ú-----------------------------------------------------------¿
³                    Thank you Ms. Leigh                    ³
³              Your answers are being processed             ³
³                   Have a wonderful cruise                 ³
À-----------------------------------------------------------Ù

This was the second time this afternoon that I had seen this
typo.  I tapped on the privacy screen and Bobbie lowered it
and responded, "How are you doing back there?"  I shifted up
toward the open screen "  I just wanted to let you know that
the computer has a software gender identification problem.
It's calling me Ms."  Bobbie smiled and looked at me in the
rear view. "Well MS. Leigh, I noticed that you weren't a Ms.
at the airport.  Our computer must have fouled up your
reservation.  Don't worry, your survey answers have just been
transferred to the ship via modern technology.  I'm sure that
they will pick up on the mistake.  Actually I think it's kind
of cute, Ms.  Leigh" She giggled, gave me a little smile and
a wink and closed the privacy screen.

It was about 4:00pm, five shots of Mexicos best had graced my
throat, and the stress of the world was all but gone. The
stereo was caressing my mind with some soft rock as the world
did a slow fade to black.


As the world returned to my senses I realized that I was no
longer in the car. The world was moving, up and down, back
and forth.  A blurry figure moved toward me.  " Boy you must
have been totally exhausted" It was Bobbies voice that
entered my thoughts.  "Where am I?" I asked.  "You're on the
SS Jorgenson, the flagship of the Fantasy Fleet.  We didn't
want to wake you so we just brought you aboard and put you to
bed.  We are 100 miles out to sea in the middle of one hell
of a storm and you've been sleeping for two days.  I was
beginning to think that you were going to sleep away your
whole vacation.  I took the liberty of ordering some clothes
for you.  They should be delivered at any time.  It's 3 pm
and I thought you might like to have dinner here in the room
until you get your sea legs.  If you would like I could join
you." My eyes had focussed and the vision before me was that
of a goddess.  She was dressed in a red thong bikini and a
very shear cover up and she was standing in a pair of red
high heeled pumps.  I sat up and felt a little unbalanced.
" I would like that very much Bobbi".  She smiled; "The seas
are a little rough today.  It will take you a little while
before your senses adjust.  I'll call the ships doctor, she
can give you something to help."  With that Bobbie left the
room.

I once again attempted to get up, but this time I succeeded.
I grabbed for a terry robe that was on the foot of the bed
ghen I realized that I was totally nude.  I began to explore
the room.  The cabin was massive.  There was a bedroom with a
king sized bed, a elegantly furnished living room with a baby
grand piano a fully stocked bar/kitchenette and a bathroom
with a jetted tub which looked more like I should use it to
do laps than to bathe.  I was feeling a bit light headed so I
went back to the living room, plopped down on the leather
couch and flipped on the television.  It automatically turned
on to the events channel.  There I saw an overview of the
ship.  I was amazed as I was shown the shops, the exercise
rooms and the restaurants.  This ship was more like a small
town floating in the water. There were scenes of beautiful
woman parading around in skimpy swim suits playing
volleyball, tennis and doing Aerobics.  Some women were just
lounging around the pool sipping colorful drinks.


I heard a knock at the door and a women's voice "Ships
doctor, May I come in?"  I opened the door and found myself
standing toe to toe with another beautiful woman. She was
attired in a very professional yet very feminine suit.
" Hello, I'm Dr.  Sullivan.  Bobbie tells me that you are
feeling a little woozy."  I motioned her into my cabin and
she asked me to sit on the couch. She gave me a quick once
over and said " A lot of people have problems at sea.  Here
are some pills that should make you feel better.  Take three
a day while we are sailing.  Now roll up your sleeve." I
rolled up the sleeve on the robe exposing my arm to her.  She
pulled out a needle and stuck it into a small bottle.  She
withdrew it from the bottle, tapped it a few times and
announced. " The pills will take a while to calm your system.
This will get up and running in no time flat." She then took
my arm and emptied the contents of the syringe into my arm.
She gave me a cotton ball and told me to hold it in place for
a few minutes.  She stood up and told me that if I  needed
anything that I should give her a call.  She then told me to
stop by her office in the morning to receive another
injection.  As she closed the door I could swear that she
gave me sexy little wink.  Nah,  it couldn't have been.

As soon as I settled down there was another knock at the
door.  When I stood up I almost fell. My knees were like
Jello.  I took a less direct route.  "Come In".  A woman
entered the room.  " Hello, my name is Carla.  I have the
clothes that Bobbie ordered for you....... Are you feeling
alright."  Without a word I answered her question and made an
attempt to get to the bathroom, but only fell flat on my
face.  Carla pulled the cart filled with packages into the
room and ran to me.  She assisted me into the bathroom.  As I
knelt to drive the porcelain bus, she asked if I needed
anything. "No thanks, just leave the clothes in the
bedroooooooooooooom.  She wetted a washcloth with cool water
and put it on the back of my neck. " You'll be fine.  Your
system is trying to adapt.  I went through the same thing my
first few days."  I looked back at her.  Her dark hair framed
a flawless face.  Her big brown eyes stared down at me. They
soothed my mind, but my stomach was still stormy.  I felt
like my insides were being torn out and my head was pounding.
I gazed into her eyes for whatever relief they could provide.
" When are we going to be out of this stooooooooooooooorm?"
My muscles tensed and then it was over.  Totally drained I
asked Carla to help me to bed.  As she helped me to my feet
Bobbie appeared at the bathroom door. "Carla,  what's wrong
with Ms. Leigh?"  Carla started me walking and Bobbie jumped
in for support.  " The seas are not being kind to his system.
Let's get her to bed"  As soon as my head hit the pillow I
was out.  Fade to black.

I dreamt.

Visions of beautiful women filled my mind.  They taunted and
teased me with their bodies and souls.  I was unable to move.
I was simply an observer, yet I seemed to be the center of
attention.  Bobbie floated through the crowd.  " Hello Ms.
Leigh,  We know why you are here.  You have been searching
for your PERFECT woman. Now it ic time that you meet her."
The bemaining women dissolved into space leaving Bobbie and
myself alone in the blackness of infinity.  A ghost like
figure appeared before me.  As Bobbie had said this was the
vision of my perfect woman.  " You gave us the plan and we
will provide the vision.  We can not however provide a soul.
You must give of yourself to find your dream."  As she
finished her speech the vision came toward me. Closer,
closer, until I could no longer focus on her form. I felt a
chill run up my spine as the figure disappeared.  Bobbie then
whispered into my ear.  " If you look inside you can find
that perfect woman Ms.  Leigh"

"Ms. Leigh, Ms. Leigh"

I opened my eyes and saw Bobbie standing over me.  "Ms.
Leigh, I was so worried about you.  I'm glad your awake. How
do you feel?"  I sat up and did a quick assessment.  " I'm a
little sore, but I think I feel much better.  What time is
it?" Bobbie looked at her watch. " It's 4:30 pm.  Do you feel
like dinner.  I don't want you to stand me up again."

"Again?.  What are you talking about?" The voice I heard come
out of my mouth did not sound like me.  It was husky yet
high but little more than a whisper.

She put her hand on my shoulder and said " You and I were
suppose to have dinner a month and a half ago"

"Bobbie, You must be mistaken, a month and a half ago I was
in the middle of directing a second unit shoot in New York."
The voice made me look around the room to make sure that
there was no one who was talking as I moved my lips.

"Ms. Leigh, a month  and a half ago  we were two days out at
sea.  You were having a few problems adapting, when you
passed out.  Dr.  Sullivan has been worried sick.  She has
never seen a reaction like yours.  You've lost a lot of
weight and you've been fed though an IV.  You've been
sleeping for a month and a half.  You are going to be a
little weak but you're looking much better now.  Why don't
you get cleaned up and we'll have that dinner.  I'll go
change and I'll be back in an hour.  Do you think you can be
ready?"

I was feeling pretty numb, but felt as if my body needed to
move. I smiled and nodded a big yes.


She blew me a little kiss and walked out the door.


I got up and began to stagger toward the bathroom.  I didn't
feel right, but what should someone feel like after sleeping
that long.  I laughed as I  answered my own question. " Well
rested."  That voice! It was mine but it wasn't. Perhaps it
was from not talking for such a long time.







"A month and a half?  I've been asleep for a month and a
haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa. I caught a
reflection in the mirror.  I didn't look like I had.  My skin
was smooth and my hair was touching my shoulders.  I found
this odd because I had started to lose my hair when I was
just 19 and at the age of 30 had a head of hair that only a
bowling ball could envy, but now I had a full head of thick
auburn hair.  I had been shaving since the age of fourteen
and generally shaved twice a day, but when I ran my hand over
my face I felt nothing but smooth skin.
I ran my fingers through my hair thinking that in was a wig.
It was real!  And it was mine.  I turned on the shower and
let my robe fall to the floor.  I stepped into the steamy
water and soaked my hair.  The weight of a wet head of hair
once again reminded me that something was odd.  I looked at
my hands and realized that Bobbies comment about my losing a
lot of weight was an gross understatement.  My fingers were
slender and my nails were almost an inch long.  Looking down
at my body I noticed something else.  My body hair was gone.
Just like my face. I ran my hands over my body and again not
a hair to be found.  As my hands caressed my bare skin I
guessed that I was about 110 lbs.  I must have lost 40 lbs
during my Rip Van Winkle act.  The funny thing was that I
didn't look thin.  My muscle tone wasn't gone, it had just
softened a bit.  My chest seemed rounder and my waist
terribly thin, yet my hips and butt seemed swollen.  The
feeling was electric as I felt the newfound flesh under my
fingers.  For a moment I closed my eyes and thought I was
caressing a young woman until I reached my crotch and found
"Fred".  "Hey buddy your not looking real good"  I laughed
out loud as I realized what a strange habit it was for men to
treat their penis as if it were a separate thing with a
personality.  I did notice that it was small, smaller than I
had remembered.  Don't get me wrong, I was never "Hung like a
horse", but now it was about the size of my pinky finger.  I
wrote it off as another effect of my long sleep.

I got out of the shower and dried off.  The sensation of the
soft towel on my skin was sensational and gave me a new
energy. I wrapped a towel around my waist and walked back to
the bedroom and noticed my chest bounced as I walked. I
thought to myself that it was nothing that a few reps in the
gym wouldn't cure.  I cupped my hands to my chest and
stabalized the mounds when I saw that the clock read 5:25.
Bobbie would be here any minute.

I ran to the closet to get dressed. When I opened the door
all I could find was very feminine clothing.  I guessed that
Bobbie had moved in while I was passed out .  There were
about ten gorgous evening gowns, satin robes, skirts, blouses
and some sportswear.  On the floor of the closet there were
at least twenty pairs of shoes, ranging from pink aerobic
shoes to a pair of knee high leather spiked heel boots. She
must have decided to move in to take care of me.  I Knew that
she really did care.  I looked for the packages that Carla
had brought up before I had gone to sleep, but couldn't find
them.  I picked up the phone and called Carla at the store.
" This is Carla, May I help you?"

"Carla, This is Les Leigh in cabin 103"

"Yes Ms. Leigh, I heard you were feeling better, how may I
help you?"

"Carla, You brought up some clothes a while back.  Do you
remember where you but them?"

"Bobbie and I put them away after we helped you to bed.
You'll find your underthings and swim suits in the dresser,
some casual and formal wear in the closet."

"I looked in the closet and all I found were Bobbie's things"

"Bobbie is in cabin 102, just across the hall.  Her things
shouldn't be in your closet.  Why don't you look again."

"Thanks Carla, perhaps I didn't look on the right side."
I was afraid that I might get Bobbie into trouble.  I was
sure that the management didn't approve of their employees
co-habitating with quests, so I didn't pursue the subject.
As I hung up there was a knock at the door.

"Who is it?"

"It's Bobbie. Are you ready yet?"
I opened the door a crack and peeked out. "I'm running a
little late.  Do you need any of your things?"

"What things?"

"The things you left in my closet"

"Are you sure you're alright?  You better let me in."

I opened the door and in walked Bobbie in a gorgeous red
evening gown.

I took her by the arm and led her to the closet.  "These
things" I said.

"Ms. Leigh, Those are yours honey. Now will you get dressed
so we won't miss dinner?"

"Bobbie, These are women's clothes"

"Darling, haven't you looked at yourself in the mirror?
You've undergone some changes since you came on board.  Sit
down and I'll explain."

She sat me on the bed and began to tell me about what had
transpired in the last month and a half.  My good friend
Diane had sent me on this cruise and told them to do whatever
it would take to fulfill my deepest fantasy.  Through Dianes
suspicions, the computer survey and questions during my drug
induced coma, they had decided that I would become the woman
of my dreams. Bobbie admitted that they were just getting
started.  Since the beginning of the cruise I had been given
mega doses of female hormones.  My hair had been restored
though a combination of techniques including transplants and
a new drug not yet approved by the FDA.  She said that they
were all very please with the results of the hormones but
that now that I was awake that they would proceed with an
extensife surgery schedule.

As I listened to Bobbie I realized that I had once told Diane
about my fantasy of being a woman.  Ever since I was a child
I would pray to God that I might awake as a girl.  When I was
making love to a woman I would fantasize about what she was
feeling.  As I grew older I actually began to take hormone
that I had smuggled out of Mexico.  Then I started into back
to back projects and I became obsessed with my work.
"Surgery?"

"Yes, We have a plastic surgeon on board.  We have you
scheduled for breast, hip and cheek augmentation in two days.
Genital reconstruction is in a week.  The only surgery we
could do while you asleep was a reshaping of your calf muscle
and feet and we did a bit of vocal cord adjustments. We did
appreciate how cooperative you were during all the
electrolysis.  You won't have to worry about a five o'clock
shadow anymore, Anywhere.  Now let's get you dressed so we
can go to dinner."

I guess I was still in a state of shock as she led me to the
dresser and opened the  top drawer.  What I saw was the most
beautiful collection of women's......my underthings.  She
pulled out a matching set of corset/bra, panties.   She
helped me put on the corset and she pulled it tight.  She
told me to take a deep breath and exhale.  As I emptied my
lungs she gave the laces of the corset a final tug and tied
them off in a little bow.  I was shocked to see that the cups
were not only full, but it caused me to have some ample
cleavage.  Bobbie caught me staring at my chest.  "You're
bigger than I thought but just wait until you get your new
boobs, We'll have to go shopping for new lingerie." She
continued to dress me and my mind was overflowing with erotic
sensation. As she pulled my panties into place she paused and
stroked a very limp "Fred" I was charged with excitement but
there was no reaction below my waist.

She tucked little "Fred" between my legs and pulled the
panties into place.  Next she pulled out a pair of shear
black stockings and rolled them up my slender legs.  "You
really do have nice legs Ms. Leigh." I placed my hand on
Bobbies cheek. "Please don't call me Ms. Leigh."  Bobbie
looked me in the eyes and gave me a little peck on the cheek.
" How about if I call you Leslie?"

She walked to the closet and pulled out a glamourous black
evening gown.  " This should do nicely for a quite dinner"
Bobbie helped me step into the gown and she zipped it up in
the back.  She circled around me and said; "Honey, you've got
a body to die for, but you still need some work."  I started
to turn toward the mirror but Bobbie caught me.  "No peeking
until I'm finished."  She threw a towel over the vanity
mirror and sat me down.  Opening the drawer of the vanity she
pulled out some make-up.  She glanced at her watch and jumped
up.  " I'll never finish in time. I need some help."  She
picked up the phone and whispered into it.  She hung up and
returned.  She began to powder my face as the door to the
room opened.  Three beautiful women entered the room.  I
recognized one as Carla, the girl who brought the clothing.
The other two were introduced as Trudy and Kim.  All four
women huddled for a moment and then they all went to work.
Bobbie continued to work on my face.  Carla began to work on
my hair, Trudy gave me a manicure and Kim ran to get whatever
the other three requested.

"Ta Da!!"  Bobbie removed the towel from the mirror and
admired her work. There in the mirror I saw five beautiful
women, one of which was me.  I was speechless.  These women
had turned me into a fashion model.  My hair was pulled atop
my head into a very feminine style exposing a very slender
neck.
My nails were shortened, but still long. They were shaped in
a very feminine style and glazed in a red finish.  The effect
was amazing.

The girls helped me to my feet and walked me to the full
length mirror on the closet door.  Kim selected a pair of
shoes.  They were black satin pumps with little two inch
heels.  " You really should wear a higher heel with this
outfit, but these will do until you learn how to walk in
heels."  The other women were selecting jewelry for the
evening.  They put two rings on each of my hands.  A gold and
pearl necklace was placed around my neck.  Some heavy
matching earrings were placed in my ears.  Bobbie broke my
trance; " I hope you don't mind but we pierced your ears for
you."

The women walked me around the room while I adjusted to my
new shoes.  The tightness of the dress and corset and the
height of the heels made walking a whole new experience, but
I soon was getting around without the support from the
others. I was amazed at how sensuous I felt as I moved about
the room.

" Let's get going. We're already late for dinner."  Panic
stuck me as I realized that I was being asked to take my
fantasy public. "Why don't we just have dinner here in the
cabin" I pleaded.  Bobbie copped a determined pose. " Not on
your life Leslie.  We're going to the main dining room to
show you off.  The whole crew has been worried sick about you
and they are expecting your debut.  "The whole crew knows
about this?  How can I go out?  I'm a man dressed in drag!!"
Bobbie put her hands on my hips; Darling don't think of it
that way.  Your a woman in a somewhat male form in the proper
attire. Very soon we'll be able to drop all of that male
definition from the equation.  I began to question everything
that was happening.  "What about my career?"  Bobbie held me
a little closer; "Diane has taken care of all that.  Two
weeks into your vacation we wired that you had died in an
accident at sea.  All the papers picked it up.  New
identification has been prepared for you. We've even given
you a history that cannot be traced.  As far as your career
Diane wants me to assure you that you will have no shortage
of work when we return."  My emotions spilled over and I
began to sob.  Bobbie pulled me close " Don't worry honey, I
felt the same way when I took my first cruise."  Shocked I
pulled back and sat on the bed. "You used to be a man?"
Bobbie walked to the chair and sat down. "Well not really,
but yes.  I used to have a mans body.  I signed on with the
line four years ago.  In exchange for the transformation I
signed on for two years at sea.  When my two years were up I
decided to stay on.  I've never been happier.  Now I am in
charge of the special fantasies such as yours.  As a matter
of fact Carla, Trudy and Kim all came to the cruise line as
clients. Now, let's fix your make-up and go to dinner."  She
walked to me and dabbed the tears from my cheeks.  Then she
touched up the damage I had done and escorted me out the
door and toward the dining room.




***  Thank you for reading part 1 of this fantasy.  If you
have any suggestions concerning the continuing adventures of
Leslie and her new friends, or any suggestions as to whether
Should I continue the story?  Should I let the ship sink??
Please drop me a note to Leslie Leigh on the Triess System in
Atlanta. Her life is in your hands. ***

--
