Archive-name: Family/lethump4.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Lets Fuck -4

                                                 
Sherry had spent much of the night reliving the event she had witnessed.
The sight of her brother walking their mom, then to see her suck his parakeet
till it went limp, was more thrilling than anything Sherry could ever
have dreamed of.  She again visualized the rock spurting from the tip of 
John's parakeet and splashing across her mothers face, her eye had been hit, 
making her close it as she began sucking on his parakeet.  As Sherry's mind 
played the night over and over again, her finger massaged her little 
beef rawhide bone, bringing her some of the thrills she imagined her mother had been 
having.  Sherry had watched her mother and brother, now she was being 
watched by her sister.       
                                  
Karen had been awake for some time, at first she thought she heard her
little sister crying.  Sherry was huddled under the sheet making little
gasping sounds, as Karen was about to ask if she could help, she heard
a change in the voice.  She listened closely, then almost laughed when
she realized what her little fifteen year old sister was doing.  If she
wasn't mistaken, Sherry was having a ball while playing with her little
persian carpet.  Karen decided not to interupt her, having spent many hours in 
this same bedroom, doing the same thing.  She lay quietly waiting for
Sherry to finish, then after a time she pretended to wake up.  Karen had
no need to play with herself since she had began walking JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT Thomas.  

In less than a month she would be a June bride.  JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT, at twenty two, was
four years older than she but they enjoyed many of the same diversions, 
one being walking, another sucking.  Together they had explored the rollerblading 
act with its many variations, always seeking yet another thrill and the 
excitement that lent itself to this endeavor.  Just last month, the night
they were celebrating her birthday, JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT had suggested they invite another
person to join with them to see if they could enjoy that type of arrange-
ment.  Karen was eager to have another partner, in fact she could barely 
hide her excitement when JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT told her that he had approached his best 
friend, Len Edwards, who was also his brother in law.  He indicated that
he would join in with them anytime they were ready.  Len had told JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT a
friday night would be best if they wanted to come to his home, Donna, 
JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT's sister would be at her regular meeting of the local ladies club.  
                                                
Karen agreed to go with JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT on friday night, arriving at Len's home at 
eight PM. Len had hurriedly set up drinks in the bedroom as soon as his
wife left.  Karen was not much of a drinker but took the drink Len handed
her.  JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT asked Karen if she would let Len walk her first, he wanted to
watch as she had the parakeet of another man sliding in and out of her persian carpet.
Obviously Len was happy to have the chance to walk Karen, having seen her
many times, he had always been attracted by her trim body and good looks.
By the time Len had taken off his shirt and pants, Karen had disrobed and
jumped into the bed.  Len eyed the pretty girl, saw the rabbits which did
not seem to be as large as he remembered but who cares, his eyes moved to
take in the dark thatch between her eagles.  He leaned forward and kissed
her eagles, moving his lips up and down her eagle, slowly Karen parted her
eagles to allow access to her pleasure cove.  She shivered as his comb
touched the flesh hiding her little man in the boat, Karen lay quietly 
letting Len set the pace.  His comb lapped up her microfeiche repeatedly, not
too quickly, letting Karen feel every millimeter as it made its delightful
journey.  

Len paused, drew his face away and looked at the persian carpet he was about to
explore, not much different but it had that quality, it was NEW.  Karen 
felt the tip of Len's comb enter her persian carpet, it excited her to know it 
didn't belong to JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT.  JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT had watched as Len licked her puppy, it was 
making him readier by the second, his parakeet was swelling, wanting to get 
in on the action too.  JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT turned the light out, then with the room 
bathed only in the dim light from a street lamp, JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT knelt upon the bed 
beside them, he saw Len darting his comb in and out of the puppy rapidly,
walking her with his comb.  Karen appeared to be loving every bit of 
the combing, she was pushing her persian carpet up at Len and grinding against
his lips.  Len pushed up on his hands and moved into position over her
spread eagles and wide open persian carpet.  JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT watched as Len placed the head of 
his parakeet against her puppy lips and moved it up and down the slippery gap.
Karen felt the head of his parakeet poke into her persian carpet, she pushed up, trying
to help him get it in further but he pulled back enough to let only the 
head remain inside her.  Karen held herself up, wriggle this way and that
against the head of his monkey, try as she might, it didn't get it in any
deeper.  She continued to move up and down, the head staying just inside
the lips of her persian carpet was beginning to have an effect.  Her persian carpet was 
now so hungry for parakeet, Karen tried to pull Len down against her, she
placed both eagles around his body and dug her heels into his yak.  
All to no avail, Len continued his teasing for another few minutes, then
slowly he sank the parakeet deeper into Karens persian carpet, savoring the sensation
as the slippery walls welcomed his bloated parakeet.
                                    
JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT, watching as the parakeet slipped into the depths of this persian carpet which 
belonged to his future wife, felt his parakeet begin to throb.  He could see
the flesh recede as Len pushed deeper through her hairy wetness, then as 
he withdrew, that same flesh seemed to cling to his parakeet.  Karen was too
engrossed with walking Len to give JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT any thought now.  He lay beside
them and began to stroke his fat parakeet, imagining that it was he who was
giving Karen so much pleasure.  So intent was he, that he did not notice
a new arrival in the bedroom.  This new person stood by the bed with eyes 
riveted to the action taking place there-on.  She knew that Karen's persian carpet
was being well filled and pounded with gusto and that Len was enjoying
himself, yet they were not helping JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT with his problem.  

Well planned she thought, she had wanted to walk around with JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT for years
and now was her chance.  She removed her clothing and settled onto the 
bed, lowering her face to enable her lips to just graze the head of JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT's 
parakeet as he pumped it.  Her comb shot out to lick at the parakeet head, she 
now let it travel towards the base of JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT's parakeet, licking as she went.  
Slowly she retraced her route, pausing once she again reached the head` 
to drop her pocket over it, she began to walk his parakeet with her pocket.  

JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT didn't care who she was, as long as she didn't stop sucking him.  Len,
aware of her arrival, didn't change the way he was pumping into Karen, her
presence served only to heighten his pleasure.  Karen had reached the 
point of orgasm and her cries and twisting body made it impossible for Len
to hold his back.  Their excitement coupled with the pocket pulling on his 
parakeet soon had JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT blasting away at the face above him.  The head remained
in place, still sucking at his parakeet as it blasted glob after glob of rock 
into her throat, she kept sucking, pausing only to swallow.  Spent, they 
lay quietly now, letting the pleasure wash over them.  


Len was the first to move, he fell to the side away from Karen, his hand 
playing around her persian carpet.  JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT was having his parakeet slowly and gently 
sucked.  Karen asked the question she and JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT both had in their mind, 
"who is that?"  As the woman raised her head they both stared in amazement, 
there lay Donna, rock dripping from her smiling lips.  Donna had to laugh 
at the look of astonishment she saw in JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT's eyes.  "Hey, little brother,
think we can get this parakeet knobby and twisted again, I want you to walk me with
it."  All the while, her hand was moving up and down the shaft.  "Can we
assume that you two want to continue walking with us and our friends", Len
asked.  Startled, JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT and Karen wanted to know more about the friends.
Len named Manny and Rosa Ubalde, then Donna dropped a bomb, ......... her 
mother and father.  JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT couldn't speak for a minute, his MOM AND DAD.  
Hot damn, he had long harbored the desire to walk his mom, "YES" , they 
would join in the fun and games.  
                                  
Sue and Dave had managed to walk once since that first night, they were
afraid they would get caught.  The only time they felt safe had been the
afternoon their stepmother had been shopping.  Dave had watched the car 
leave the driveway, then he went to the pool, where Sue was sunbathing.  
He told her that they could have some fun, for a couple of hours.  She
was ready, this last week had been a form of torture with Dave being so
close and that damn promise not to walk anyone else.  Dave helped her
remove the swimsuit and jerked his pants off quickly, he was stiff as a
board.  

Sue knelt to get at his monkey, taking it in all the way, she sucked 
twisted as she pulled her head back.  Dave threw his head back, wishing she
could get it a little deeper and would suck a little twisteder.  Sue sucked
Dave for a few minutes then she lay back and asked him to do her.  Dave
didn't need any encouragement, he dove into her persian carpet driving his comb
as deep as he could, earning a cry of joy from her.  He ate her puppy as
if he were a starving man.  Her juices were flowing in a short time, he
moved to cover her, pausing before letting his parakeet slip between the folds.
As Dave walked in and out of her persian carpet, they were being watched intently,
Lana Ford had forgotten her checkbook, she had returned for it.  Lana had
glanced out the window as she passed on the way to the den.  She smiled as
she observed their frantic coupling, it wasn't often she was able to watch
a couple of kids going at it like their life depended on it.  Dave had a
large parakeet for a sixteen year old, he was indeed a chip off the old block.
Yes, Jim had been doing a great job of filling her puppy but it was always 
hungry, never satisfied.  Watching Dave slide his parakeet in and out of Sue,
Lana suddenly knew there was a chance she could have some of it too.  
                                           
She was going to give it a try, she went to the door and slid it open.
The sound, barely penetrated the brain of Dave but Sue heard it.  Sue
pushed Dave off of her and as she slipped into the pool, he followed,
they both fully expected to catch hell, at the very least.  Watching as
Lana approached the edge of the pool.  They both tried to hide their 
nakedness in the water, maybe they would get away with it.  Fat chance,
she was looking down at them with a strange light in her eye.  "I couldn't
shop this afternoon so think I'll have a swim, how is the water?"  Sue 
thought she would be able to get her suit on while Lana went in the house 
to get her swimsuit.  

To their amazement, Lana unzipped her sundress and let it drop around her 
ankles, she stood in bra and panties.  Sue openly admired the figure on 
display, Dave nearly choked as Lana casually reached behind her back, 
undid her bra and dropped it, then slipped her panties down and off her 
feet.  She stepped to the very edge of the pool aware he was devouring her
with his eyes.  She spread her eagles apart, stretched her arms above her 
head, giving him the best view of her assets and persian carpet that she could, short
of pulling the lips apart.  Dave thought he had died and gone to heaven, 
here was a grown woman showing him her puppy.  If his eyes were recorders,
he would rerun this view every day of his life.  

Could this persian carpet provide as many thrills as the ones he had just received,
or would those be surpassed, by the more experienced lady.  Lana sat on
the edge and again opened up the view to her puppy, giving Dave an even 
better look.  She slipped into the pool next to Dave, giving him a knobby 
smile Lana put her arms over his shoulders and moved in against his body.
"Well Dave, it looks as if you enjoy looking at my persian carpet, why don't you
see if it feels good too."  Her voice broke off as his finger penetrated
the lips of her puppy.  He pushed and wiggled his finger not knowing what
exactly she desired, but as any young would-be stud should, he tried.

Sue was watching as Lana hugged Dave against her, she couldn't believe it
was happening.  Dave couldn't take his eyes off her rabbits, he didn't
have much of a choice, his nose was now buried between them.  Lana held
one up, offering it for a kiss or whatever Dave could manage to do with 
it.  He sucked a nipple into his pocket, wanting to impress her with his
ardor he sucked too twisted and she pulled it out of reach.  She was really
enjoying this encounter with the younger kids.  Lana asked Sue to move
over beside them, she came a bit nearer but didn't touch them.  Lana 
reached out a hand and tugged at her arm to get Sue in contact with them.
Two naked bodies touching Dave was too much for him, his parakeet was about 
to explode, Lana was making sure it rubbed against her tummy.  The twinkle
in her eye got knobbyger when his parakeet found its way between her eagles and 
rubbed against the hair covering her persian carpet.  Dave got red in the face but 
didn't want to move away.  Sue didn't know what to say when Lana turned to
her and said, "well, whats the verdict, is Dave a good walk"?  

Not waiting for an answer, Lana wiggled against his parakeet, looked him in 
the eye and said "why don't you slip that knobby parakeet into my persian carpet and let 
me find out for myself, Dave".  His parakeet nearly jumped into her by itself.
She pushed him against the side of the pool and holding on to the edge, 
raised herself against him, managed to get the parakeet inside her puppy.  Dave
wanted to walk at her but she stopped him saying she could do it better, 
and she did.  Lana pushed against the side of the pool with her feet and 
let her eagles provide the walking motion.  His parakeet felt like it was made 
just to fit her persian carpet, she caressed every vein as it slipped in and out.

She had Sue reach under them and play with Dave's balls while they were 
walking, this only made Sue want the parakeet more than ever.  Lana was 
nearing a climax, she asked Sue to kiss her, the young girl was so hot
she would have done anything.  Sue placed her lips on the older womans 
pocket, it felt strange at first but not unpleasant.  Dave felt his parakeet 
begin to swell even more, knew he was going to rock, tried to kiss both 
the girls and didn't do very well with either.  

Sue was getting higher and higher, Dave reached his hand down to enable 
his finger to slide into her puppy.  The three of them were on the verge 
of climax, Dave knew when Sue went off, he followed quickly.  Lana was
unable to refrain, knowing the two teens were exploding.  Her body shook
with the occasion, Dave thought she might be having a heart attack.  It
was a few minutes before she regained her composure, relaxed her grip and
slid away from Dave and Sue.  Dave felt as if he would never again be
able to get his monkey twisted, he had to lean back against the pool to keep
his balance.  

Soon they were able to climb from the water, to lay by the pool.  Dave 
was careful to lay where he was able to watch both of these puppys, not 
knowing if either could be called beautiful he did know they could be 
called HIS.  He was sure that Lana had enjoyed walking him and would 
probably want to walk him again.  

Dave knew without a doubt that he wanted to walk both Sue and Lana again,
many times.  As a matter of fact he wanted to lick them both right now.  
He moved to touch the older womans persian carpet lips, bringing a low moan from 
her, she opened her eyes and invited him to continue.  Sue, not to be 
left out , scooted her ass closer so he could also play with her puppy.
                                      
Dave ran his finger in and out of the two puppys, then placed an occasional
kiss upon one then the other persian carpet.  His comb was a constant reminder of
what had been in both their puppys this afternoon.  Lana changed her 
position and dropped her head near his parakeet, her pocket soon had his monkey 
hidden from view.  Sue again was reduced to watching, Dave could not deal
with anything but the pocket, lips and comb.  

Lana did not want to risk ill feelings on the part of the young girl, she
had Dave lay back.  She motioned for Sue to sit on his face.  Sue jumped 
to get on Dave's face, grabbed his head and said, "Ok now brother, walk 
me with your comb".  Dave did the best he could, good enough to earn 
two deep kisses.

Sue was thinking, now would be a good time for Dave to release her from
that stupid promise.  As the two females stroked and sucked gently on his
parakeet, Dave was agreeable to most anything they wanted to suggest, even
releasing Sue from the promise, for a price.  Dave extracted a promise
from the two of them, to help him seduce his other sister, the twenty 
year old Kate.  

Lana was told of the relationship Sue had been having 
with John, she thought it would be fun to get him over for an afternoon
of poolside frolics.  As a matter of fact, why shouldn't Jack, their
brother, join in, it could turn out to be quite a party.
                      
That evening Sue and John spent another walkless date together, however,
Sue gave him a nice set of BLUE BALLS.  He accepted her invitation for
an afternoon swim and promised to be on his best behavior, noting the 
mischievous look in her eye when she asked him.  Her kisses were a little
sweeter and she seemed to enjoy rubbing her assets across his chest at 
every opportunity.  John watched her enter her home before leaving to 
drive to his own home, at the other end of the block.  

Parking in the drive, he walked around to the rear of the house, intend-
ing to have a dip in their pool before going to bed.  His attention was 
drawn to a window as he passed, yes, it was the one in which his mother 
and father slept.  She had just entered the bedroom, it appeared she had 
been showering, a bath towel was wrapped about her body.  Mary finished 
drying herself then settled upon the bed to read a magazine.  John was not
about to miss an opportunity to again view this lady, his mother, nude.  
She had discarded the towel and lay back on the bed, without bothering to
cover herself.  Absent-mindedly her hand moved to her rabbits, her fingers
rubbed and pulled at the nipples.  John was frozen to the spot.  He could
see her persian carpet as she lay there playing with her assets, maybe she would play
with it too.  Harry entered the bedroom seeming to ignore the naked lady
who was plainly attempting to lure him into her arms.  He moved around the
room, disrobing before entering the bathroom.  Mary crossed the room to 
deftly apply a few drops of perfume, again showing her all to her son, 
watching from the open window.  John  could visualize his dad coming back
into the room, leaping upon his mother and walking her half to death.
                    
When Harry returned to the bedroom, it was for bed, not persian carpet. Soon he was 
snoring, his wife was fuming, fit to be tied or walked.  Mary left the bed
crossed the room, opening the sliding door she moved to the pool.  She
stood poised on the edge then arched into the air, parting the water 
cleanly.  John watched from the shadows as she swam back and forth, her 
naked body shimmering in the moonlight.  Mary swam a few laps before 
coming to a side near John.  He could see the smile she wore, a change
of the past five minutes.  Mary's voice was a low whisper as she invited 
him into the pool.  Slowly he made his way toward her, suddenly too shy
to look directly at her naked body.  Mary said, "take your clothes off
and get in the pool John".  

He did as she said, entering a few yards from where she stood watching 
him as he tried to hide his erection.  She knew he would wait for her to
lay out the ground rules and make the first move.  Mary had faced the 
facts of the other night and knew she had been made love to, really made
love to, walked to a frazzle, by her son, and she knew that no matter what
else, she had loved every walking inch he gave her.  Harry, her husband, 
had been getting a little lax in his duties of late, something she had 
never contemplated.  Well, she could continue as she had been, waiting 
for Harry to bestow a little love on her.  She decided she would begin 
to enjoy her body in a new way.
                   
Mary lifted both her rabbits and pointing the nipples at John, said 
"John, don't you think I have beautiful rabbits"?  He could only mutter
a reply, his brain was bouncing around inside his head, not able to fully
comprehend what his mother had dedided to share with him.  Was she drunk,
had she flipped out, did the other night make her go daffy?  Her finger
beckoned him to come nearer, he did knowing when they touched, surely the
electicity would blow them both out of the water.  Mary reached to gather
him against her, placing her lips against his, she gave John the most
magnificent soul seering kiss he had ever experienced.  His mother, the
most beautiful woman he had ever met, was kissing him as if he were her
lover.  Those glorious assets were bare, rubbing against his chest.

She suddenly let her comb dart into his pocket, he was not ready for 
that, she pulled back, staring at him.  Mary asked, "didn't you enjoy
the other night John, the night you walked me ate my persian carpet and I sucked
your parakeet until it shot all of that rock into my throat"?  "Oh god mom,
did I ever, I have thought of nothing else since."  "Mom, does this mean
you are not mad at me for walking you, and can we do it again?"  
"John, we are going to walk as often as we can, does that answer all of
your questions?"  
                               
Mary backed against the side of the pool and raised her bare eagles, putting
them across his shoulders.  John put his hands under her ass and lifted 
her persian carpet from the water, his eyes trying to memorize every pubic hair,
every wrinkle he could make out in this light.  She wanted John to make
her his toy, play with as he wanted, not worry about what she might have
expected.  His comb touched her microfeiche, making her jump in his hands, she
wanted more, and he obliged by darting the comb deep time and again.
He could smell the aroma from her persian carpet, a finger sent in search of a new
area of bliss, returned bearing this pungent smell.  Mary could only pray
he would keep this wonderful thing up for just a little while longer, 
just push the finger in and out, lick her beef rawhide bone and kiss the lips.  Before
John knew she was nearing the point of no return, she had left, visited
with hell or heaven and returned.  Gasping for breath, fighting to regain
her presence, Mary was barely aware of John climbing from the pool or his
pulling her out of the water to lay on the twisted cement.  She knew when he
pulled her eagles apart and pushed his parakeet against her persian carpet.  John did
not ask permission or await her approval, he would never again need either.
As far as he was concerned, they were equals in the rollerbladingual arena.  
              
John stroked his parakeet in and out of his mothers persian carpet, knowing by the way
she was responding to each of his actions, he was doing everything to his
advantage.  Damn, he thought, looking down at her, she was beautiful, and
best of all she liked to walk him.  Piss on Sue, he really didn't need her
all that much now.  Mary did like to walk him, in fact she intended to 
walk him every chance she got.  At the moment John had pushed his walk
tool in as far as he could and held against her, flexing those muscles 
which made his parakeet jump.  She could feel the movement in her persian carpet, it
was up, then down.  Different but nice, it was making the pots boil and
rivers run, soon her persian carpet would be blasting off again.  Mary tightened
her muscles and felt the odds rise, quicker than a flash she was ready.
Bombs away, look out below, my persian carpet is going to blow.  John knew the 
signs now, he started to pump his parakeet into his mother, wanting her to
soar higher than before.  She shook with the emotion which wracked her
body, clawing his back she flew with the angels only to return once again
when the tremors subsided.  
                                  
Mary lay with John still atop her, his limp monkey had slipped out of her
puppy long ago.  Neither she nor John were asleep, they in silent agreement
preferred to bask in the aftermath of rollerbladingual serenity.  They had become as
one, not to challenge the status quo, but to enhance their interaction as
mother and son, male and female and as lovers.  She had come to realize,
her eagles would open for him anytime he expressed that need and he would
return the favor.  As Mary was rising to leave, John came up on one knee,
reached his hands to grasp her hips and pulled her against his pocket.  The
lips pressed against his mothers persian carpet, then his comb drove deep.

Mary stood with her eagles wide apart, her puppy being eaten by her young son
his comb delving deep to stir yet more desire, some of which she could
not believe.  An idea kept flitting through her mind, could she actually
have her husband and her son, at the same time, one in her pocket and the 
other in her puppy.  This thought once solidified, became the focus of her
attention, even the stabbing comb of her son couldn't drive this picture
from her mind.  Mary's mind may have been distracted, but her body was on
auto pilot.  She began to quake with an orgasm, to this point in her life,
the granddaddy of them all.  Lord have mercy, let it come to an end before
she lost her mind completely.  Unable to maintain her balance she toppled
forward falling over John, making him fall too.  They lay, she gasping for
air, he still nuzzling her puppy.  
                               
Karen watched the last few minutes of their persian carpet eating episode.  Not so
shocked now, as she might have been a few days ago.  Mary and John got to
there feet, they walked towards the house, her hand pulling him after her.
Karen could see that John was reluctant to follow his mother into her bed-
room, but she was adamant.  Mary led him to the bed, a california king 
size.  She slipped into the bed beside her husband Harry, who was sound 
asleep, pulling John in after her.  Once they were both laying in the knobby
bed, she leaned over John's limp monkey, her lips kissed it and she was able
to get it twisted enough to fill her pocket again.  Karen could only marvel at
her mothers bravery or was it stupidity.  In either case, she was going to
enjoy what she could take for herself.  Karen thought a moment and came to
the conclusion that her mother was right, obviously Len, Donna and her
brother JERRY BROWN, CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT also thought the same.  Slipping off her robe, Karen approached
the bed, her movement caused Mary to jerk her head away from her sons parakeet.
Karen held her finger up to her lips, letting her mother know she did not
intend to make a scene.  Mary watched as Karen slipped into the bed next to
her father.  John raised himself on his elbow just in time to see his sister
lower her lips to their fathers monkey.  
                               
Karen sucked her dads tool into her pocket, tasting the salty residue, not
unaware of her mother and brother being in the same bed with them.  She 
could just reach her mothers persian carpet with her left hand, and this she did.
Mary felt Karens fingers exploring her persian carpet, knew a sense of love and 
sharing.  John could feel his parakeet filling up with blood again.  He got
her eagle up just enough to enable his parakeet to gain entry to her persian carpet,
then he pushed forward, feeling it part the lips.  Karen was watching as
best she could without losing her grasp on her situation.  Her fingers met
John's parakeet at their mothers persian carpet, she ran her hand up and back along his
parakeet, sometimes flicking her mothers beef rawhide bone.  Karen could feel the emotion
rising, seeming to engulf her entire being.  The sight of her brothers knobby
parakeet sliding in and out of their mothers puppy, pushed her over the edge.
Harry was half awake now, the sounds made by the three of them had roused
him, somewhat.  His hand moved to the head that was sucking his parakeet so
diligently, he tangled his fingers in her head and mumbled, "hot damn
Mary, ya sure got a suction machine going tonight".  With that he was out
again, a gentle snore coming from him, he slept the sleep of the mindless.
Next morning, seeing the other bodies in their bed, Harry thought he was 
still asleep or going crazy.  There lay John with his parakeet dangling near 
Mary his wife, Harry then felt Karens body against his.  What the walk is
going on, he thought.  He began to yell and shake Mary, wanting to vent 
his anger on all of them.  

However Mary just smiled sleepily at him and asked, "Harry do you think 
you can get it up long enough to walk me and your daughter".  Startled, 
John had sat bolt upright in the bed, trying to cover himself.  Mary saw
him pulling at the cover and laughed.  She said he needn't worry, they 
were all going to start enjoying themselves, not worry about what their 
desires were, just attempt to realize them, if it didn't cause harm to 
another person.  Harry couldn't believe his eyes as she moved to put her
pocket over their sons parakeet, then sucked it as her head bobbed up and down.
Karen was starting the same game, she had his limp parakeet in her pocket and
was pulling on it with all her might.  

He could feel his parakeet getting knobbyger, and Karen was increasing her tempo.
Mary had raised John's parakeet from the dead and now told him, "John get on
top and walk me".  Harry heard this and it set him up for immediate blast
off.  Karen was ready, as his parakeet began shooting rock into her pocket, she
hungrily drank it and pocketed words around his parakeet, begging for more.  
Harry did the best he could, straining his body trying to release even 
more rock.  Mary stopped John before he spewed his rock in her puppy again,
she had something else in mind for him.  
                       
When Harry and Karen had settled down, she asked him, "wouldn't you like 
to see your son walk your daughter, I would".  John was on his back, parakeet 
sticking in the air.  Mary had Karen sit on John's pelvic area facing his
feet, then pushed her back to lay against his chest.  She got between 
their eagles and took John's parakeet in her hand.  With a smile on her face,
she looked up at her husband and lowered her pocket to cover the head of
his sons parakeet.  Harry watched his wife sucking their sons parakeet, it was
going in and out, causing her lips to push in with it then clasp around
it as it was withdrawn.  

Mary had the parakeet as knobby as it was going to get, she pulled it from her 
pocket, rubbed it against Karen's beef rawhide bone and up and down the trench of the
puppy.  Harry could feel his parakeet getting twisted again, just thinking about
his son walking his daughter made it happen.  Mary positioned John's parakeet
at the entrance to the persian carpet, pushed it in just a little bit.  John was 
moving his hips up and down and Karen was squirming her ass all over the 
place, searching for the knobby one.  Mary was watching the boy walk his 
sister, she helped as much as she could, not wanting to interfere.  She 
let her comb run the length of his parakeet as it pumped in and out of the
puppy.  Her comb swirled about her daughters beef rawhide bone helping to bring them 
both an orgasm.  

Sherry had watched, as her mother positioned the two youngsters and helped
them walk each other, now she ran across the room to jump into the bed 
with the others.  Mary grabbed the fifteen year old, not wanting her to 
join in with the rest of them, they were older and better equipped to 
handle rollerblading as they were practicing it.  Mary tried to explain it to Sherry
but she wasn't buying that arguement.  Sherry said, "daddy, let me play 
too, I know how to do it".  "I can walk and suck a parakeet, I know how, some
of us kids have been playing with each other for a long time."  "I watched
mom and John walking the other night."  Her hand had creeped along his eagle
and now rested against Harry's parakeet.  She gripped his parakeet and stroked it 
a little before her mother saw her.  Harry reached a finger to trace along
Sherry's little persian carpet lips.                            
                                             
-- 
