Archive-name: Family/lethump3.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Lets Fuck -3


Saturday morning Dave was up early, he and his friend Russ Edwards had
made plans to spend the day here, swimming and just laying around, in
other words, goofing off.  Coming to the kitchen in search of breakfast,
he found it in the form of eggs, bacon and pussy.  Lana was making her
breakfast and added a little more for him.  He was surprised to find Lana
cooking, wearing only a small apron, he asked what had prompted her to do
that.  She said she often cooked in the nude but had always taken care not
to be seen by him or his big brother, Jack.  Since the poolside episode, 
she had now decided it was time to quit worrying about being seen naked.
Lana wolfed down her food then waited for Dave to finish.  She cleared the
table of their dirty dishes and asked if he was ready for his dessert.  
Dave had been staring at her shapely body since he first entered the room,
he told Lana "yes, I would love a little hair-pie".  She promptly seated
herself on the table and said, " here it is, dig right in, luv".  Lana set
her coffee cup down beside her and leaned back letting her arms support
her weight.  Dave needed no further encouragement, he leaned forward to
first kiss her pussy lips and suck on her clitoris, her response was the
sharp intake of air, and her muscles were immediately taunt.  She ground 
her ass against the table top, unable to remain still, reaching to pull
his head tighter against her crotch, she nearly lost her balance.  Not
that falling on the floor would have mattered, they couldn't stop.
An orgasm overtook her as she was getting her clit pulled out by Dave's 
lips, his tongue rubbing the nub.  Dave inserted his index finger into her
cunt and was prolonging her blast, showing that he had a little bit of
power in that finger.  Dave repositioned himself, held his cock against 
her slit and slowly pushed between the hair shrouded avenue.  He stopped 
the heads progress just after penetrating the outer folds of her pussy
lips.  He made the smallest of strokes, not to tease but to build the
expectations.  Lana was watching his face as he worked the cock at the
entrance to her pussy, she saw a change in his manner from the first time
they fucked.  He was no longer just the kid, he was getting older in more
than days, his manner of talking and demeanor were much more relaxed and
confident, in short he was getting to be a coxman.  
Dave increased the speed and depth of penetration, swaying his hips first
one direction then another, I guess you could call it friction diction.  
A thought came to Lana, she asked him to let her know when he was ready 
to cum.  She had asked just in time, he was just about there.  Lana pushed
him away as she jumped from the table, then grabbed her coffee cup.  
"I have been wanting to do this for some time but was never ready for it."
Dave watched as she held his dick with her right hand and put her mouth 
over the head, the coffee cup was held nearby in her left hand.  
Dave blurted, "here it comes", and clenched his ass as the electric shot 
through his body.  She moved the cup closer and pointed his cock into it.
Lana watched as Dave shot several big globs then a few smaller ones to 
splash into her coffee.  She held the coffee cup up to Dave's lips, he 
took a sip and smiled at her, Lana brought the cup to her lips and drank 
the entire contents without stopping.  Lana lowered the cup as the outside
door was swung open and Russ Edwards entered the kitchen.  The smile on 
his face froze as Russ took in the scene before him.  Damn, was he going 
crazy or was his buddy standing here before his stepmother, with his cock
sticking out of his jeans, cum dripping from the end.  
Mrs Ford was smiling at him, now he was not that crazy, he had been so 
shocked by the cock hanging out that he missed the most amazing thing of 
all, she was NUDE behind that apron.  "Good morning Russ, you missed the
breakfast but you can get in on the dessert, if you think you're man
enough"  Dave laughed and asked if Russ wanted to have a little fun.
Lana had Russ sit on the table then unzipped his pants so she could pull
his hardening cock from the pants.  He sat as if he were to be shot at
any moment, wondering if this was really happening.  As his cock slipped 
deep into her mouth, he said, "if this is a dream, I hope to God I die
before I wake up".  Lana giggled around his cock, causing her to gag a
little bit.  "Damn", she said, "there isn't enough here to fill my mouth".
"Thats what aunt Jenny says", he blurted out.  Lana and Dave both jerked
to attention when they heard Russ mention his aunt.  Lana was quick to
follow up on the slip, she asked if his aunt Jenny could suck his cock as
good as she had been doing.  Russ spoke up proudly, saying that she really
knew how to suck cock.  Dave said, "maybe she is a good cocksucker but is
she that good at fucking"?  Russ was not so quick to answer that question
but when Lana reminded him that she was sucking his cock, therefore she 
should be able to know who else had been fucking him.  That made sense to
Russ, he answered their questions about his aunt Jenny.  His aunt had
caught him fucking Bev, his cousin.  Aunt Jenny had made Bev go to bed,
she then made him lay across her lap, bare assed.  As she was spanking his
ass she became turned on and ended up by fondling his cock and ball bag.
Aunt Jenny had ended the day by fucking and sucking Russ too, then swore
him to secrecy.  They had been getting together every week or two for the
last year or so, Bev was allowed to join in when she wanted, which was 
whenever she was around.  The second promise she had extracted from them
both was, they were to fuck only at her home, that would limit the chances
of being caught.  
Lana had gotten very interested in the story Russ told, her mind was full
of would or could be's.  She bent to her task once more, grabbing hold of
the cock Russ had sticking out from his pants, she got her mouth working
at a furious rate.  Dave got behind her and shoved his cock into her cunt
letting it slip in as far as he could manage before pulling his hips back.
He slammed his hips forward against her ass, knowing that his dry dick was
scraping her insides as it was sent hurtling into her depths.  Russ had
never been in such a situation as this, his experience was limited by his
association with aunt Jenny and her daughter Bev.  Oh, he was really an 
accomplished fucker and he could eat pussy but his group had been satis-
fied with only that.  
He watched Dave slam his cock into Lana's cunt as she sucked his cock, 
this was hotter than anything he had imagined, it was but a few minutes 
until he was ready to shoot his wad.  Lana heard him gasp at about the 
same time she both felt and heard Dave begin to blast the contents of his
nuts deep into her pussy.  Lana continued to milk both the boys with her
two sets of lips and muscles, till they were but limp reminders of what 
they had been just minutes before.  The boys left to tend to nothing in 
particular.  Lana collapsed on the living room sofa, falling asleep as 
soon as her head hit the throw pillow.  
Kate found her there, covered with cum, when she arrived later that 
morning.  The older daughter lived next door and was a frequent visitor 
to her parents home.  She thought Dana had been raped at first, but when
her hands rubbed across Dana's shoulders, she awoke with a start, then 
smiled when she recognized Kate.  She allayed Kate's fears, assuring her 
that she had not been attacked, but had kinda did the attacking.  
Kate asked if the apron was all she had been wearing this morning, and 
was taken aback by Dana's answer.  "Oh yes Kate, I have decided when I 
am not having guests or at least certain guests, I will not be wearing 
clothes around the house.  Kate thought Dana might still be hiding an 
injury or something else.  She put her arms about the shoulders of Dana,
pulling her close and hugging the woman giving her comfort even though
she appeared not to want it.  Suddenly Dana pressed against Kates breasts,
thinking this might not be a bad idea after all.  As Kate continued to
hold the woman, Dana began brushing her lips over Kate's breasts, kissing
ever so lightly as she moved.  The kisses, a nuzzle here and there, had
its effect on the younger lady.                                
Kate was a very hot blooded woman, drop a hat and she was half the way to 
a bed or any available space.  She did not know how to react to these 
kisses by another woman, she had never been with another woman.  Tom Jr. 
was the only man she had ever slept with but she had been unable to keep 
from watching the crotches of some men she had met.  Kate was thoroughly 
aroused now, she found herself pressing forward to initiate the contact 
with Dana's lips, feeling the beginnings of the moisture.  This moisture
would create the wetness which served to lubricate her vaginal canal.  "Oh
damn it", where was Jr. when she needed him.  She could feel a tongue 
drawing wet trails across her chest, each one turning into a burning brand.
Dana sensed the change as it swept through the woman, now was the time to 
abandon caution.  She placed a hand near enough to begin unbuttoning Kate's
blouse, then parted it to give access to those perfect sized breasts.  Kate
did not wear a bra, she loved to have men watch her tits bounce as she 
walked by them.  Dana lifted one of them to her lips, kissing it several
times gently, before slipping her lips over the nipple.  A sigh of great
pleasure escaped her throat as Kate's eyes rolled back in her head.  She
was had.                            
Kate soon found herself lying back on the sofa, her blouse wide open and
her slacks hanging from one foot.  She felt lips tracing a pattern about 
her love nest, a finger was inserted between her cunt lips.  The finger
was now sawing in and out of her cunt, sending a tingling sensation to
find the ends of her extremities.  Dana was surprised by the amout of 
fluid or liquid coming from the cunt, it was nearly a gusher.  Kate was
now begging Dana to fuck her, "oh damn, Dana, fuck me, fuck me please,
you have got to help me, please".  Dana plunged her tongue into her sloppy
pussy, then darted it in and out as fast as she could.  She pulled the 
clitoris with her teeth, kissed it and flicked it with a finger, again
the tongue fucking commenced.  Fearing Kate may fall off her high, Dana
sat up and positioned herself so her pussy was directly over Kate's mouth
she eased down till her cunt made contact with the lips below.  As the
lips touched her she told Kate to begin licking.
Dave, who had been watching from the time Dana began unbuttoning the 
blouse, now entered the room.  He removed his clothes and assumed a 
position near his sisters legs.  His dick had been hard for several 
minutes now, was raring to get in the action.  Dave, with cock in hand,
moved closer to the gaping pussy.  He wanted to feel every iota of the
sensations he was sure to encounter, as he nudged the cocks head into his
big sisters pussy.  Kate was aware of a great increase in the pleasure she
was receiving, first thinking that Dana had reached behind her and again
inserted a finger in her vagina.  Its size and the action of this intruder
told Kate it was not a finger.  Kate was now bucking and thrusting upward
trying to increase the tingles and thrills coursing through her body.  She
had several times reached a climax.   
During those times, she had been a bit neglectful of the cunt perched over
her mouth.  Dave had rode the thrashing body of his sister till he was 
ready to blast his cum deep into her cunt.  Now he was ready, he urged 
Dana to get off Kate, when she did, he lay above his big sister, staring 
down at her closed eyes, watching as another climax rolled through her.
The climax beginning to subside, Dave threw his hips forward harder than 
he had before, slamming into her cunt with all of his strength and power.
He could feel his sperm filled balls send the signal, he was there, his 
cock twitched and jerked, sending its juice deep inside her cunt.  Dave's 
load was spewing forth, Kate opened her eyes, for a moment she continued 
bucking and thrashing against his body, then the realization of who he 
was, parted the sexual, foggy curtain.
That information made her suddenly have a look of horror in her eyes, she
screamed and went limp.  Dave kept pumping his cock into his sister long
after she had passed out, his dick was no longer a viable weapon but he
still kept trying to fuck her cunt.  No longer able to penetrate her, he 
pulled back to bend down and commence a tongueing of her cunt.  Lana was
ready again, as always, she nudged him out of the way and licked up all of
his cum which had been pumped into and then out of his big sister, Kate.
Dave moved up near Kate's head, he placed the head of his cock against her
lips.  
He was gambling what her reaction would be when she came to her senses, he
hoped he was right.  Kate moved her head slightly, then felt something at 
her mouth, she opened her lips to let her tongue search out and identify 
this object.  Her tongue touched the cock head, licked up and around it a
couple of times.  Kate opened her mouth wide and placed it on Dave's cock.
She was sucking on his cock when her eyes opened, a look of fear flashed 
behind them, then was gone.  Kate reached a hand around Dave's hip, pulled
him hard against her.  Dave tho he had been fucking and fucking lately, 
was getting a major hard on.  Kate was giving him all he could take or 
would want, she was fucking his cock with her mouth.
Lana put her arms around Dave, pulling him close, she kissed him lovingly,
deeply.  Dave liked that too but he enjoyed it much more when she lay down
below him and reached up with her tongue to run it across his balls, she
was careful not to hurt him when she gently placed his balls in her mouth
and sucked them.  Kate seemed to be enjoying the situation now, her 
brother's cock tasted delicious, better than her husband, Tom Jr.  She had
really had a ride by him when he was fucking her, she thought she just
might want to fuck him again, maybe more than once.  
Donna was being a little sneaky this morning, her mother recognized the
devilment as soon as Donna came into the house.  Tom Sr. had left for a
day at the clinic, he was Dr. Tom Thomas, friend of everyone in town.
She knew Bob was not working today, it looked like it could be a great
day.  Donna kissed her mother on the cheek as she passed, on the way to
the bedrooms.  She found Bob still in his bed.  Donna jumped on top of
her brother, pulling the cover away, baring his naked body.  He knew who
it was immediately, his horny sister, Donna.  Donna seated herself over
his cock and ground down against it.  She could feel that Bob was ready,
now if her plan worked.  She pulled and tugged at him to get him out of
bed, then led him by the hand down the hall.  His mother turned as they
entered the kitchen.  
Bob didn't have a stitch of clothing on, she stared at his cock as it was 
protruding from his body.  Donna smiled at their mom, she said, "mom look 
at what Bob has got for you".  Jane Thomas was a quiet woman, secure in 
her personal beauty and ability as a human.  She gave the appearance of 
being embarrassed by Bob's nudity, lowering her head and turning away.  
Donna pulled Bob after her as she went to her mother and put her arms 
around her, kissing her on the lips.  "Mother, Bob and I both love you 
very much, and we want to fuck with you, Bob wants to fuck you."  Jane 
hearing her daughter say this, looked Bob in the eye and said, "Bob, do 
you want to fuck your old mother"?  "Damn right I do, Bob croaked through
trembling lips."  He reached his arms to enfold her, for the first time, 
holding her tightly and feeling her breasts press against his chest.  
Bob let his hands drop to cup the cheeks of her ass, pulling her lower 
region against his bare cock.  Jane lowered a hand to grip his cock, she 
could feel it twitch in her hand.  "Is it trying to tell me something
with all that twitching and jumping, son."  "Yes mom, its trying to tell
you to take your clothes off and get your cunt in a bed so I can fuck the
hell out of it."       
Bob led his mother into his bedroom, tugging at her dress as they entered.
Jane Thomas had often wondered if she would have an opportunity to enjoy 
an affair with her sons, she wanted to but was just too shy to initiate it
herself.  Her husband had not hesitated to fuck their daughter when the
occasion arose and he had wanted her to participate with the two sons,
when the time was right.  Well, the time was right for Bob.  Jane helped
Bob remove her dress and stood before him, her naked body proudly on 
display.  Forty two and not a grey hair among her golden tresses, body
still firm although not as slim and trim as it had once been.  Bob sank 
to his knees and buried his nose in her blonde triangle, kissing her pussy
while he prepared to pay homage to her womanhood.  His tongue flicked at
the clitoris then darted along the trench to the base, now slowly he 
eased it into the slit.  As she felt his tongue penetrate her cunt lips, 
Jane had to place her hands upon his head to steady herself.  Such was
the excitement coursing throughout her body.  Never had she experienced
a feeling like this, seeming to engulf her with its fire.  Her nerves
were alive, her muscles would surely fail her, she must lay back on the
bed, or crumple to the floor.  Bob helped her as she reclined upon the
bed, wanting the increased access to her cunt it would afford.  
He placed his index finger at the entrance to her pussy, using it to help
excite his mother.  His lips descend to her clit, close and pull away in
an attempt to draw the little nub out a bit before letting it snap back. 
Bob could feel the excitement being exchanged as he touched his mother in
ways that they had never before dared.  He could reach a hand to mold 
alongside her tit, cup her cunt or place his finger into it.  It seemed
he could do no wrong, bringing forth a sigh no matter what he did.
Jane could wait no longer, she begged Bob to penetrate her body.  "Bob,
dear, please, please, do it to me now, fuck me, fuck me hard."  Hearing
his mother mouth the words, fuck me, fuck me hard, shot a thrill through
Bob's body, his cock seemed to get a little harder and a little longer.

He raised himself above his mother, and said, "mom, you place my cock
so I can ram it home".  Jane put her hand between them and found his cock,
she put it at the entrance to her pussy and rubbed it back and forth, 
finding it was already leaking fluid from the end.  She hunched up at the
cock, showing him that it was in position to enter her cunt.  Bob drew his
hips back, hesitated, then slammed forward, driving his cock between the 
lips of her cunt and into her deep cavern.  His mother made a gasping
sound which became a series of little sounds of delight.  He could feel 
her sheath close around his cock as he shoved it deep, then the tightness
as he withdrew.  The initial excitement worn off, Bob raised himself so
he was able to view his cock as it disappeared into his mother cunt.  He
could hardly believe he was fucking his mother, not that he had not wanted
to for several years.  As a matter of fact, he thought, he had wanted to 
fuck her since he had accidently entered her bedroom and found her asleep
naked, on her bed.  He had taken a peek at her pussy then but not a very
satisfactory one.  Here he was now, his cock buried to the hilt in that
same cunt.  Bob could feel his balls tighten, said, "mom I am ready to 
shoot a load of cum, do you want me to shoot it on your tummy"?  "NO,
I want you to cum in my pussy son, I want to feel you cum in me."  "OK
mom, here it comes."  Bob knew his load was a big one, he kept shooting
wad after wad.        
Donna had stayed in the kitchen so they could be alone for awhile.  She 
entered the bedroom just as Bob was shooting his load into their mother.
Donna was quick to put her face close to the activity, she reached to
move his dick to her mouth, closing her lips about the shaft.  She sucked
as hard as possible to drain the remaining cum from his cock.  Bob fell to
the side, spent.  Donna moved into position between her mothers legs, she
could see the river of cum streaming from the cunt as it lay splay.  She
bent to the cunt and began to lap at the juice, she loved the taste of 
her brothers cum, not too salty, as she had found her fathers to be.
Having recovered from the fucking she had received from her son, Jane was
now enjoying the feel of her daughters tongue as it moved about the area of
her pussy, cleaning up the cum which had oozed from her pussy.  Jane knew
today would be a day she would never forget, the day she had fucked her
young son.                             
                          
John had been remiss by his failure to show up at Sue's home last saturday
or in not having at least called her to let her know he wouldn't be able 
to make it.  He was not too sure what his welcome would be at her house
today.  In any event, he would never have envisioned it being what it was
to turn out to be.  Sue's stepmother answered the door, wearing NOTHING,
John didn't quite know what to do, he had about decided to turn and get 
the hell out of there.  After all, Lana Ford was his mothers sister.
Lana saw his indecision and was quick to grab his hand and pull him inside.
Once John was in the hallway, Lana put her arms up around his neck and 
pressed her naked body against him, then she kissed him on the lips.  Her
tongue was slipping inside his mouth, his cock was  now getting hard.  
Cripes, he thought, could he be lucky enough to get to fuck his aunt. She
was not as pretty or well built as his mother but he wondered if she would
be as fantastic to fuck.  Lana leaned away from John and spoke softly to 
him, as her green eyes looked deeply into his eyes of blue.  I'm glad you 
finally came over to visit John, Sue has told me how you and she have been
having such a good time fucking each other.  She reached her hand to his 
crotch and gave him a little squeeze.  Come on out to the patio John, Sue 
is waiting there, for us.  
John followed Lana through the house and out to the patio, watching the 
muscles as they played along her thigh and hip.  To say that John was not 
prepared for the sight that greeted him upon his stepping out onto the 
patio, would have been an understatement.  Sue was on a recliner chair 
with her feet drawn up to her ass and her knees up in the air.  Her little
brother Dave was there, between her legs, with his mouth covering her 
pussy.  Dave was doing a great job of tongue fucking Sue.  She looked up 
at John as he stared down at her, "hi, John, glad you could make it".  We 
had to start without you, Dave got too horny, to wait.  Lana had tossed a 
few cushions together and motioned John to join her on them, he wasted no 
time doing so.  
Lana used one hand to stroke her body as she moved against John, openly
inviting him to play with her.  John had no inhibitions, quickly removed
his clothes, pulled Lana against him, his hand joining hers as it roamed
here and there.  John couldn't pass up this chance to play with her tits,
damn, he had watched her at other times, wanting just such a chance.
His lips sought her nipples, the soft skin surrounding them, always to
return to the nipples.  He enjoyed sucking on her tits, using his tongue
to roll around the nipples and watching the effect it had on Lana.  She
too, enjoyed this play, pushing her breasts to press harder against his
face.  Lana was beginning to get warm, then warmer, as John continued to
ply her breasts with his lips and tongue.  Meanwhile his hand had moved
down to her pubic area.  His finger situated itself in the opening of her 
cunt, the nail rubbing against the little nub, she called her clit.
John had to get to her cunt, he couldn't delay any longer.  He clamped his
mouth against her cunt and sucked with all his might, then quickly jabbed
his tongue in and out of her cunt, fucking her with it as fast and hard as
he could.  He kept her off balance by changing his tactic as often as he
was able, without making it too obvious.  Thus she became hotter and 
hotter, building up to the ultimate climax.  John was aware of her every
wince and shudder, timing his plunging into her cunt with his cock to
coincide with the beginning of her climax.  Feeling his cock sliding into
her pussy at the moment she began to have her orgasm, intensified her 
every sensation.  She was quaking with the thunderous sex bombs going
off in her body, hardy soul that she was, they were going to leave her a
huddled mess.  John too had blown away most of his stamina as they had
heaved at each other, banging their sex against one another, till nothing
remained.  
Sue had watched this display between her boy friend and her stepmother.
She wondered, had John been this excited when they had been fucking, or
was he only this way with another woman.  Sue knew it would be a while 
before John could be expected to perform, after the fuckfest he had just
been involved in but when he was able, she would give him a test ride.
At the present time she was being hammered at by Dave's cock, he was 
hunching at her fiercely, driving his cock deep and struggling to get it
in to the hilt with every stroke.  Lana and John were entwined, watching
Dave and Sue as they fucked.  Lana said, "John just watch as Dave slams
his cock into her cunt, see it push the skin inside as the shaft goes
out of sight".           
"Yes and watch how her skin clings to his dick as it is pulled back out."
John had to admit, he had missed Sue, even tho he had been up to his neck
in pussy, lately.  John crawled over so he could reach and touch Sue.  
He got even closer, close enough to kiss her.  Sue went off like a rocket,
Dave was fucking her like there was no tomorrow and her love, John had 
just kissed her.  John was kissing her while her brother was fucking her, 
god, what a blast.  Strange, this feeling that was overtaking John, he was
really enjoying watching Dave fuck his girlfriend.  He glanced back at Lana
who was watching all of them.  She could see that the three of them were
having a ball, really getting into this fucking mode.  Lana too, made her
way towards them and began cleaning the cum from the cock as it pulled free
of the cunt, then went on to clean the area around Sue's cunt.  
It was quite a scene that met the eyes of Jim Ford when he stepped out on 
the patio.  His daughter lay with her brothers cock dangling across her leg
obviously he had just finished fucking his sister.  His wife was busy too,
she was licking the cum from both of the kids, one of her hands was jacking
off a boy that was lying next to her.  Jim first felt the pangs of remorse
but he was soon smiling again, after all, hadn't his favorite saying always
been, if it feels good, DO IT.  Well, now was the time to do it.  Jim 
moved behind Lana and dropped his pants.  Everyone but Lana, knew he was
there.  Jim stroked his cock to bring it to full fledged hardness, then
kneeled down behind Lana, he rubbed the head of his cock in her cunt to
lubricate it.  Jim rubbed his cock up and down her ass till he was in the 
correct location, he paused letting her push back against him, then he
eased his cock into her ass, as he pulled her hips towards him.  
Lana knew that Jim had joined them, only Jim would have fucked her in the
ass without properly lubricating her.  He continued stroking her with his
long movements.  He occasionally liked to fuck her in the ass, but this
day required it.  Jim stroked long and hard, building a storm in her body.
It wasn't long before they both were blowing their cookies.  Jim sank
to the floor, surveying the three before him and contemplating the possible
results of todays activity.           
Karen and Bob were letting themselves enjoy the post sex activity, not in
a hurry to dress and leave her bedroom.  They lay close together, their
hands roaming over each others bodies, caressing those areas they knew
would bring delight and desire to the other.  Karen had related the week
old happenings in her parents bedroom, leaving no detail untold.  Bob had
also told of the fucking he and his mother had been enjoying, not just the
first time but those other mornings when either she or he had ventured 
into the others bed.  Karen had listened with quickening pulse, feeling
the cravings build in her body, as he spoke, describing how he had sucked
his mothers pussy and then how they had fucked each other.  Karen heard 
her mother as the car drove up, then knew when she had entered the house.
            
Mary could hear the sound of voices coming from her daughters bedroom,
wondered if Sherry or Karen had a visitor.  Mary knocked on the door and
waited for an answer, at Karens bidding she opened the door to find her
daughter and her fiance, lying naked on the bed.  Karen did not openly
appear nervous, she was hiding it well.  Mary came to the bed and sat on
the edge, leaning across Bob to give her daughter a little hug and kiss.
Karen wanted more, she put her arms around her mother and gave her a deep
wet kiss.  Mary responded by returning the kiss with as much fervor, and
she also put her arms about Karen.  Bob had a young naked body, one he had
just fucked, lying next to him and another body on top of him, pressing 
against his nakedness.  He could feel his cock coming to life, the blood
was rushing to fill his tool.  He felt the heat from Mary's body, knew he
would have to try to fuck her.  Bob put his hand upon her hip and began to
move it along her thigh, applying pressure now and again.  His fingers 
could massage the firm ass cheeks, of his future mother in law, and they
did just that.  Mary was truely getting hotter than hell.  She could feel
the cock as she lay upon it, knew that she was beginning to want it in her.
Mary moved her upper body so she could now kiss Bob, he returned those
kisses with passionate kisses of his own.  Mary looked at her daughter,
smiled and said, "Karen, will you let Bob fuck me for a few minutes".
Karen replyed, "mother if you only want to fuck him for a few minutes,
and not let me help, NO".  "Of course if we both fuck him and fuck him
till he can't move, the answer is YES."  
That was all Mary needed to hear, she manuevered to place Bob's growing
cock in her mouth, she then began to suck on his stiff member.  Karen
was busy helping her mother remove her garments.  Karen put her mouth
against her mothers pussy, her tongue slipped out to run along the slit
made by the velvety lips.  Mary could feel her daughters tongue as it
ran up and down her cunt, wanting Karen to double her efforts, moving
her hips to play against those caressing lips.  The image of his future
wife and her mother both here naked in bed with him, was a hell of a
catalyst for Bob.  He was already having trouble holding back the cum
which threatened to flood the mouth of his future mother in law.  
Bob pushed her away and climbed over her frame, aligning his cock with 
the opening to her cuntal passage.  Karen knelt with her mouth near his 
cock, waiting her chance, which came as he moved forward but missed his 
target.  She grabbed his cock, jamming it in her mouth, gave it a long 
hard suck.  Karen then placed the head of his cock at the entrance to her 
mothers pussy, holding it firmly while Bob slowly pushed forward.  Mary 
could feel his cock as it penetrated her vagina, it was terrific, making 
her quiver with anticipation.  He moved it in and out slowly, wanting to 
feel every fiber it passed.
Karen was not going to be left out of the fucking, her hand was feeling
around her mothers pussy and she ran it along the shaft as Bob continued
to plunge into Mary's cunt.  He was not unaware of Karens activity, her
fingers were busy helping build the excitement which continued to increase
as they fucked each other.  Mary was contributing as much or more than she
was receiving, vigorously returning each thrust, with a whipping motion.
Her muscles were also striving to clutch at the cock which battered at the
entrance to her womanhood.  Bob wanted to blast away at her cunt, damn, 
she was a good fuck.  The minutes became a quarter of an hour, then half
an hour, still Bob rode the ragged edge of the oncoming storm.  Karen was
still managing to help each of them, as they fucked their hearts out. 
Bob gathered Mary's legs, pushing them towards her head, presenting her
cunt for his final assult.  Mary knew it was time, Bob would now shoot his
semen deep into her hidden nook.  It was none too soon for she was also 
nearing that point where her body would become a caldron of animalistic
emotions, surely to spill over the three of them.  Karen had never seen 
her mother in a state such as this, she was nearly out of control, her
eyes were not closed but Karen would bet her life that they were unseeing.
She could see the muscles knotting along her mothers legs, and arms, her
jaw was grinding together with a great force.  Bob had become a mass of
shaking muscle, with the strain he was being put through.  He remained on
top of Mary, long after he had emptied his load, not wanting to leave this
lovely woman.  
Karen pushed Bob off her mother and began cleaning up the mess of cum they
had created.  Her tongue made quick work of the sticky substance.  They 
lay till the energy was starting to return to their bodies, giving an 
occasional caress to a pussy or cock.  Mary lowered her lips to brush his
cheek then gave him a prolonged kiss, "welcome to the family, Bob".  His
retort brought a laugh from both the ladies.  "I think I am going to love
this fucking family."




                                  Letsfuck
                                    cast                    
                      
             
     Jim 38    and     Lana Ford 25
     brown/grey        blonde/green
         Kate 20,        Jack 19,      Sue 17,        Dave 16
                         Sandy/brown   Blonde/green   brown/blue                                  


     Harry 34  and     Mary Lett 33    (Harry likes young girls)
     Brown/blue        Black/brown   
         Karen 18,       John 17,       Sherry 15            
                         Black/blue     Brown/blue

 
     Tom 45    and     Jane Thomas 42   
     Red/blue          Blonde/blue

         Tom jr 26,      Donna 23,      Bob 22 


     Tom jr 26,        Kate (Ford) Thomas 20
     Sandy/blue        Black/green
 
                       
     Bob 22   and      Karen (Lett) Thomas 18   
     Sandy/blue        Black/blue   

                            
     Doris Edwards 42  (sister to Jenny)
     Brown/brown 
         Len 23,       Russ 15
                       Brown/brown     


     Len 23    and     Donna 23 (Thomas) Edwards    
     Brown/brown       Red/blue


     Manny 36  and     Rosa Ubalde 35
     Black/black       Black/black
         Maria 18
         Black/black


     Bill 21   and     Jenny Kane 40  (sister to Doris Edwards)
     Black/blue        Brown/brown         
                         Bev 17           
                         Black/brown       


     Jan Stone 23      (sister to Mary Lett and Lana Ford)
     Blonde/Blue                         
         Barry 7       (son of Harry Lett)
         Brown/blue
         

     Lucy Carson 37    (ex wife of Jim Ford)   
     Blonde/blue
                                                       
                          
--
