                         STORY: Lez Contest




  Connie relaxed in her plush, black bean bag couch, while watching
 a movie with her brand new VCR and 40-inch stereo TV - all
 matching chrome black, just like the sky outside.  With the lights
 out and the curtains open to let in the moonlight, it was just the
 atmosphere Connie liked.
  She leaned forward, spread her firmed, thick, tan legs, relaxed
 in her bra and panties, and turned on the VCR.

  She was just starting a movie, when the door opened.  She looked
 over her shoulder to see Laura, her red-head girlfriend,
 half-marching in, in her 2-piece suit.  Then, once she got inside,
 she dropped the suitcase, closed the door behind her, and went to
 her bedroom.
  "Hi, hon," she said before disappearing.  Connie waved to her, and
 went back to watching her movie.

  Tired and bored, Laura undressed, showered, then walked, naked,
 to her closet.  She took out a long, medium-thick dildo, and a
 round board with a hole in the center, which she put the shaft
 through.  Then, she set it on the floor, stood over it, and began
 massaging her shaved crotch.
  She could feel the moisture of shower-drenched skin, and also the
 stickiness of her arousal, on her fingers, as she stroked her clit
 and pushed her fingers slightly into herself.  She groaned with
 pleasure and her pink nipples began to harden, drawing to them the
 attention of her other hand.  She twisted her nipples and stroked
 her breasts, while digging deep into her moist sex with fingers
 from her other hand.
  She twisted and curled her fingers in her pussy, until she could
 feel her palm becoming sticky with her juices as well.  Then, she
 removed her fingers, and squatted down on the dildo.
  The latex cock slid easily into her hungry pussy, and when she
 judged that she could take it in, she knelt down on it and slowly
 rode up and down on the shaft, shaking her well-formed rear end to
 make it move in her.  She gripped her breasts with both hands, and
 began milking the dildo, until she could see her juices on the
 plastic base.  She leaned back to see how well she had lubricated
 the shaft sticking up in her, and seeing it was all sticky with
 her juice, she wiped it up with her fingers, and licked her cum
 off, slowly and leisurely.
  The sweet taste made her even hornier, and as she groaned, she
 thrust her hips back and forth and clenched her inner muscles,
 churning the thing in her love tunnel furiously, getting more and
 more excited by her seepage and the squishing sounds her pussy
 made.  Her groans of lust grew in intensity, and her nipples stood
 out almost like bullets, as she continued to fuck the fake cock
 inside her, alternating between churning it and riding up and down
 on it.
  Finally, she slowly stood up, dug two fingers into herself,
 collected more of her warm cum in her palm, and licked it off
 leisurely.
  "Mmmm," she moaned, "I love this sweet juice." 
  No sooner did she take fingers of one hand out of herself to lick
 her sticky juices off, than she shoved two more fingers into
 herself.  When she got too turned on from licking her own cum, and
 too physically excited from digging into her pussy, she lazily sat
 back down on the dildo, relaxing for a moment with the fake cock
 buried to the hilt in her hungry cunt.  She regained her composure,
 somehow remembered the dildo was in her love tunnel, and began
 fucking herself again, thrusting back and forth with her hips.
 
 
  Connie opened the door to their bedroom a crack, and watched her
 girlfriend taking herself into paradise on the floor.  She reached
 into her own wet sticky panties, and fingered her shaved pussy.  As
 she worked herself gently, she stared at Laura from behind with
 open-mouthed amazement.  Her plush behind rose up and down,
 revealing the long, broad slickened dildo in her pussy, before
 engulfing it again.  Then, she'd thrust her hips back and forth,
 squeezing the latex shaft in her pussy, causing juices to flow in
 ripples, and creating an audible squishing sound that made Connie
 even hotter.
  Suddenly, Connie pushed too fast and too deep into herself with
 her fingers, and then she felt an explosion.  She reached her
 climax, gasped loudly, bumped her head against the door, fell
 over, and twitched as her inner muscles spasmed.

  Laura jumped off of her dildo in a flash, and whirled about.  She
 gasped when she saw Connie on the floor, her whole body twitching
 in rhythm with her orgasmic contractions.  Connie could see right
 into Laura's eyes, and she was both shocked and shamelessly
 thankful for the opportunity to watch her girlfriend getting
 herself off.
  Laura put her hand to her mouth and giggled, as she bent down
 next to Connie's relaxing body.  As her girlfriend regained more
 control over herself, Laura sat her up on her weak knees, gripped
 her shoulders, and kissed Connie on the lips.
  "Damn," the brunette said, "that felt good." 
  "Well, then" Laura replied, "that takes you off the hook." 
  The two of them giggled and fell into each other's arms.  Then,
 after a brief kiss, Laura went over and laid in the bed, spread
 her legs, and began massaging her breasts with one hand, and
 playing with her dripping wet pussy with the other.  She thrust her
 fingers in and out, seemingly purposefully drawing her juices so
 that they would flow onto the sheets.
  "Come on," she said to Connie, "the well is running dry."
  "Wouldn't want that to happen!" her girlfriend said lustily,
 taking off her bra and panties.
  She immediately joined Laura on the bed, and sat between her
 legs.  Then, she pulled Laura's knees up, held her rear end in her
 hands, and pressed her tongue on her large clitoris.
  "Mmmm," Laura moaned, playing with her breasts and licking her
 cream off her fingers.  "Suck my clit."
  Laura's love bud was bigger than a nipple; her clit, along with
 her vulva, could be seen even through panties.  Exposed and
 stimulated, it was an imposing sight.  Connie licked and sucked it
 rhythmically, making her lover's hips jerk slightly.  Laura moaned
 softly, playing with her breasts, twisting her nipples, as she
 raised her legs and put them over Connie's shoulders.
  "Oh Connie honey," she gasped after a few moments.  
  She backed away, and sat against the head of the bed.  "I want a
 better view of you working my pussy."
  "Mmm," her girlfriend said, "I'd like that." 
  Immediately, she went back between Laura's spread legs, cupped
 her buttocks in her hands, and pressed her face into her crotch
 once again.
  "Lick my pussy." Laura asked.  "Lick it hard for me okay?" 
  Without a word, Connie pressed her tongue hard against the
 outside and inside of Laura's cunt lips, and then she licked
 around her inner lips, before going back to her clit.  Laura put
 her thighs up over Connie's shoulders, and as she watched Connie's
 mouth servicing her hot cunt, she played with her breasts gently
 and, like her breaths, she did it with a steady tempo.
  That was Connie's signal - Laura was rising high into ecstasy,
 and was preparing to try and make it a long trip towards her
 orgasm.  She wanted Connie's warm, loving tongue for as long as
 Connie could give it.  And Connie looked forward to licking Laura's
 sweet pussy for a long time.  When it came to celebrating a Friday
 night and the end of a work week, nothing beat draining the sweet,
 sticky juices from Laura's warm and soft snatch, and watching
 Laura enjoying every minute of it.
  "Put your tongue inside me." Laura asked, looking down at Connie.
 "Fuck my pussy real good with your loving tongue."
  That was the best part.  It meant Laura was fully primed and ready
 for the best part of Connie's expert tongue-work.  She would work
 her with an increasing tempo that would last forever.  Last time,
 she had Laura begging and begging for it, because she kept
 licking, then stopping.  Now, she wanted to hear Laura moan, cry
 and scream with the total joy she was planning to give her.
  Connie smiled, mindless of Laura's warm juices on her nose,
 cheeks and lips, and then pressed her mouth against her lover's
 pussy.  Laura gasped as she felt an unseen force beginning to
 slowly and gently explore her.  She exhaled heavily, then began to
 groan and rotate her hips.
  "Ohhhhh," she moaned, tossing her head from side to side, unable
 to keep her eyes fixed on Connie.  "Deeper."
  Connie pressed her tongue against Laura's inner parts, tasting
 everything inside her outer cunt lips, and then she pushed her
 tongue in deeper, past her inner lips.  She licked and sucked,
 drinking more of her lover's seepage, as Laura clenched her thighs
 against her.  The fact that she was firmly locked between Laura's
 beautiful legs, made Connie hornier and more voracious with her
 tongue.
  Laura gasped and cried out with pleasure as Connie ravaged her
 cunt with increasing intensity.  "Woaaahh! Hooooo Connie, oh Connie
 baby please!"
  Her lover continued to work her insides, faster and faster.  "Come
 on, get me OFF."
  As Connie worked more and more feverishly in Laura's hot pussy,
 she started repeating herself absent-mindedly.  "Get me off get me
 off get me off.."
  Her girlfriend just moaned and tongued her pussy even more
 lusciously, moving her head to rub her nose against her throbbing
 clit.
  Laura's nipples were even bigger now, stiff as bullets, as she
 grabbed the pillows below her, lurched her hips back and forth,
 and prepared for her orgasm.
  "Oh shit, I'm gonna cum! Keep working me I'm gonna cum in your
 mouth!" Connie moaned her acknowledgement and continued on
 tonguing fiercely at Laura's insides.  Laura's legs lifted into the
 air, as her body began to shake strongly.
  Connie kept working her lover fast and furiously, but somehow
 kept her from cumming.  For another five minutes, Laura screamed
 and bucked her hips, but her orgasm never struck; however, she was
 enjoying massive waves of rapture, and the big explosion always
 seemed only a second away.
  "Come on, dammit!" Laura screamed.  "Make me cum in your mouth!
 Please honey!"
  Finally, Connie's tongue worked her over the edge.  Laura wailed
 with pleasure as her insides started spasming wildly; she drew her
 legs up tight against herself, her feet pressing against Connie's
 back, as she exploded in orgasm.  She forced the two of them on
 their sides, Connie's tongue still buried in her pussy, doing its
 work; Laura buried her face into a pillow and screamed herself
 hoarse for a full minutes, as the fireworks went off in her head
 and her pussy spasmed.  She clamped her legs tightly around
 Connie's head, and began thrashing about as her orgasm refused to
 wane.
  Finally, her spasms weakened, and her breaths returned to normal.
 She untangled her legs around Connie's head, and curled up in the
 bed, still twitching from the remnants of her orgasm.
  "C-Connie.." she whimpered.
  Connie moved up behind her.  "You okay?"
  Her lover groaned into the pillow.  Connie laughed and held
 her from behind, punching her nipples.  "Do you remember the date
 today?"
  Her girlfriend and lover spun around in the bed, and whacked her
 with the pillow.
 
 
 
  "I'd pay millions to see those two in action."
  "Fuck Laura and Connie.  I'd rather see Miriam and Naomi get it
 on."
  "Yeah, well I'll give ten G's to the first man with the balls to -"
  The three men hushed up as a Japanese woman with jet-black hair,
 walked by them, entering hearing range, on her way to her office.
 By the time she looked down at them, they were drinking coffee and
 prospecting other women.
  When she entered her office, a woman who might have been mistaken
 as her identical caucasian twin, was waiting.
  "They agreed." Naomi announced.  "Laura and I are going to leave
 the managers' party early and meet at their house."
  "Want to practice tonight?"
  "Sure.  I'd like to get some last-minute practice before we race
 with those two.  That red-head looks like she can wear a woman out
 hard and fast..  and she said Connie is even better."
  They paused for a second.  
  "Now, THAT'S scary." they both said at once.


  Naomi and Miriam, upon arriving home, quickly went to work.  Once
 Miriam locked the door, they went into the bedroom, undressed,
 knelt in front of each other, and started kissing.
  Miriam opened her mouth and pressed her tongue against Naomi's
 lips, which she parted slightly.  Then, she slid her tongue into
 Naomi's mouth, and vice-versa, and they explored each others'
 mouths and, with their hands, they explored each others' bodies as
 well.
  Naomi slid her long and slender fingers against her girlfriend's
 damp pussy, slowly parting her lips, as if giving her a warning.
 Miriam gasped as a warm finger glided gently past her lips,
 sliding into her slowly, with a sense of love and caring that made
 her even wetter.
  "It feels so beautiful.." Miriam whispered.
  "Making love to you is an art, baby." Naomi replied.  She opened
 Miriam's lips with her own, and stroked her tongue against
 Miriam's.
  As Naomi put her other hand on her shoulder, looked into her eyes
 and thrust into her sweet depths with her finger, Miriam sighed,
 pushed down on it, and started rotating her hips.  She gently
 circled the opening to Miriam's vagina, and then gently thrust it
 in.  After that, Naomi kissed her lover slowly, and then began to
 stroke her vigorously.
  "Ahh, Naomi, work me."
  "I will, honey.  I'll bring you off.  Everything's alright."
  Miriam gasped as Naomi's finger thrust in and out of her, curling
 and twisting, probing all the right parts.  Then, she slowed down,
 and inserted another finger.  Her lover sighed as two slender, long
 fingers worked inside her churning depths, probing and pleasing
 her.
  "Tell me when." Naomi whispered to her.
  "Okay.."
  For several minutes, Miriam rode Naomi's fingers, kissing her
 passionately, staring into her loving eyes, until she could feel
 her churning insides contracting, and she could hear herself
 squishing her lover's fingers.
  "You're ready, honey." Naomi said.
  "Okay," Miriam gasped.
  She slowly slid her fingers out of her girlfriend's hot and wet
 pussy, stroking her gently as she withdrew.  Miriam sighed as her
 pussy became empty again.
  The two of them kissed and enmeshed tongues once again.
  "Stay right there for me." Naomi said.
  "Sure.  I wouldn't miss this for anything."
  Eagerly, she spread her knees as Naomi went around behind her,
 laid on her back, and then scooted between Miriam's thighs.
  "I'm ready when you are." Naomi smiled.
  Miriam looked down, and when she saw she was straddling Naomi's
 face, and that her tongue was sticking out at her crotch, she
 carefully lowered herself down, until she was sitting on her
 knees.
  "Ohhhh, damn," Miriam gasped, "that looks so good, it just turns
 me ON.."
  Then, she felt Naomi's hands caressing her rear end and her
 thighs.  Naomi sucked her cunt lips slowly, for about a minute, as
 Miriam rotated her hips in anticipation, and then pushed her warm
 tongue past her labia, and against her inner lips.  Miriam sighed
 softly and massaged her own breasts as she stared down at Naomi's
 eyes, her crotch hiding Naomi's mouth and tongue, and thus hiding
 them from sight as Naomi made love to her pussy orally.  She could
 see that Naomi was smiling, and that was an even bigger turn-on.
  "Oh, yeah, Naomi baby," she groaned, "use that tongue.."
  She raised and rotated her hips to give Naomi breathing space as
 she worked feverishly in her pussy, licking and tasting Miriam's
 sweet sex, lapping up the creamy juices leaking out of her.  Every
 time more juices seeped into Naomi's mouth, she "mmm"'d, and the
 sound of her enjoying her juicy treat, took Miriam even higher.
  "Oh, yeah, I'm getting wetter.  I can feel it on your cheeks.  Keep
 going and I'll give you more love juice.  Come on, baby, suck my
 juices out of me.."
  Then, she squeezed her buns and licked harder with her tongue,
 causing her lover to thrust her hips back and forth, as Miriam
 repeated, "Suck my juices" to her.
  Excited by her encouragement, Naomi began moving her head from
 side to side, stroking Miriam's excited clitoris with her nose.
 She worked her furiously with her tongue, squeezing her rear end
 as her lover thrust back and forth.
  Miriam's chest blushed as she leaned forward and grabbed the
 headboard, rocking to the rhythm of Naomi's skilled and loving
 tongue.  She could feel the hard thrusts, and the gentle licking of
 her insides, as if Naomi was probing her, trying to taste the
 various parts of her cunt, and drink as much of her sweet honey at
 the same time.  It took everything she had, to keep from having an
 orgasm, with Naomi working her furiously; the sight of Naomi's
 cheeks and face becoming more and more moist with each thrust of
 her hips, made it even harder.
  "How are you, hon?" Naomi asked, her voice partially muffled.
  "Uhhh," her girlfriend said, "hnn.."
  Miriam knew the end was coming when her pink nipples hardened
 like bullets.  On one hand, she dreaded the impending climax
 because she feared Naomi might give her a heart attack from her
 oral skills; on the other hand, she couldn't wait for the pleasure
 as her insides contracted with the total joy brought to her by
 Naomi's skilled mouth.  The big challenge was trying to last as
 long as she could, to keep from having an orgasm for as long as
 she could, with Naomi working her pussy with her mouth.
  "Oh, Naomi," she cried, "keep fucking me, I'm gonna cum in your
 mouth, right in your fucking mouth.."
  Naomi moaned again, and continued to tongue-fuck her.  Then, when
 Miriam jerked, she took another breath and said, "You taste sweet
 as candy.  I don't want to stop tasting your pussy."
  Miriam leaned back, cried out, gripped her thighs, and breathed
 hard.  "Ohhhhh, your tongue is so good!"
  "Okay." Naomi said.  "Come on and give it to me.  Cum in my mouth."
  Miriam sighed with relief, pressed her crotch down on Naomi's
 willing mouth, and began her downward plunge towards orgasm, with
 the help of her lover's hard-working tongue.
  "Cum in my mouth," Naomi repeated, gripping her backside tighter
 as she probed and pleased her lover with her tongue.
  As she worked Miriam furiously, licking, tasting and sucking her,
 Miriam pressed her palms flat against her thighs, breathed harder,
 and began groaning.
  Miriam grunted hard, trying to fight off her orgasm, but no
 matter how hard she tried to pull back, each movement of her
 lover's tongue brought her closer to the edge.
  "Ohhh, ohhh, I'm almost there honey! OOOHHHHH I'm gonna cum! I
 can't stop it!"
  Naomi stroked the length of her labia with her tongue, moving it
 across her clit, which she then sucked.
  "Uhhhh!" she screamed.  "UHHHHHH!"
  Finally, Miriam thrust her hips forward, and came.  The first
 major contraction struck her as she was thrusting forward, and her
 heart went into overdrive.  Then, as that contraction let go of
 her, she gasped heavily, thrust back, and as Naomi got control of
 her hips with her hands, holding her freely-flowing pussy over her
 mouth, she had another orgasmic contraction.
  This time, everything went black temporarily, and then Miriam
 half-gasped, half-roared with pleasure.  Finally, she leaned
 forward, and as she kept cumming all over Naomi's face, she
 pounded the headboard, screaming at the top of her lungs with
 pleasure.
  When the worst (or best) was over, and her contractions were
 dying down, Naomi continued to lick her pussy.  Miriam's climax
 ended as gradually as it began, and she began to regain her senses
 enough to lean back, and look into her eyes.
  Naomi was smiling, even though her lover had just had an orgasm
 on her mouth.  Naomi's face, nose and cheeks, were moist with
 Miriam's love juices, and in her mouth was a small pool of her
 cum; Naomi held her mouth open long enough for Miriam to see it,
 and then she swallowed it with a smile.
  "Oh, shit." she gasped.  "I spilled my pussy juices into your
 mouth."
  "That's the sweetest juice in the world." Naomi said, stroking
 Miriam's backside.  "Too bad you can't supply my appetite more."
  Her lover straightened her back, rested her hands gently on her 
 knees, and took a few moments to relax and stare down at Naomi's
 face.  Naomi reached up with her tongue and resumed tasting and
 licking her pussy liesurely, caressing the soft cheeks of her
 butt.
  "Ohh, Naomi," she said, "you're too generous."
  "I'm greedy." her girlfriend replied.  "I LOOOVE your pussy.  I
 love your soft pussy lips.." Then, she licked Miriam's labia.  "I
 love the silky feeling of your flesh on my tongue.." She licked
 inside Miriam's cunt, circling her tongue around the entrance to 
 her vagina.  "I love the taste of your love tunnel.." She licked
 deep inside Miriam's pussy, probing strongly with her tongue.  "And
 I just love to lick and suck the cum out of your pussy and watch
 your juices squirt into my mouth and wet my cheeks and sometimes,
 I love to watch you get up off my face when you're about to cum,
 and thrust your hips back and forth as you squirt your hot love
 juices all over my breasts and stiff nipples."
  "Oh, damn.." Miriam cried, thrusting her hips back and forth.
  "I also really really love it when you rub your pussy against my
 face." Naomi added.  "I love the feel of your silky cunt stroking
 my entire face.."
  Miriam smiled, leaned forward, and started moving her hips in a
 slow, elongated rhythm, rubbing her cunt lips against Naomi's
 chin, mouth, nose, and forehead, and then back.
  "Like that?" she said.
  "Yes." Naomi replied.  "Press your pussy a little harder against
 my face.  You'll love how it feels."
  Miriam groaned and pressed her pussy harder against Naomi's face.
  "Ohhhh," Naomi said, "that feels so wonderful.  It feels so good
 to have your sweet pussy stroking my face.."
  Her lover groaned also, unaccustomed to the feeling of stroking
 her pussy against all of Naomi's facial features, but also very
 turned on by it.
  Finally, she had to stop and look into Naomi's eyes.
  "You never told me about this, Naomi.."
  Naomi smiled.  "It's one of my darker fantasies, honey.  I didn't
 know how you felt, but I'm so turned on now, it doesn't matter.  I
 want it badly."
  "THIS?!" Miriam gasped.
  "Yes." Naomi said.  "It feels so good.."
  Her girlfriend sighed and went back to stroking her warm, silky,
 cum-moistened pussy against Naomi's face.  Naomi relaxed, closed
 her eyes and laid back, as Naomi worked her cunt back and forth.
  "Unnn!" Miriam cried.  "This too much! I'm cumming!"
  Finally, Miriam pressed her cunt down firmly on her mouth, and 
 started to quiver.  Naomi opened her mouth instinctively, and as
 Naomi was cumming, she spread her cunt lips and licked deep inside
 Miriam's orgasming pussy.
  Once it was over, Miriam jumped off of Naomi's face, laid her
 body flat on top of Naomi's, cupped her face in her hands, and
 kissed her passionately.  Miriam's tongue pushed into Naomi's mouth
 and enmeshed with Naomi's tongue; the taste of her own pussy's cum
 in Naomi's mouth and tongue, was not only unoffensive, but very
 pleasing.
  "Ahhh." Miriam sighed.  "I love that.  I can't believe that can
 make me cum!"
  Naomi looked up at her.  "Want a treat?"
  "Sure."
  "Lay on your back."
  Miriam laid down next to Naomi, and looked to her side.  "I'm
 ready."
  "Just relax." Naomi replied.
  "What do you mean?"
  "Just wait." Naomi said.  Miriam watched Naomi's hips bucking as
 Naomi worked her finger in her own pussy.
  "Naomi?"
  "Now!" her lover gasped.  She turned over, and knelt over Miriam.
 "I'm cumming!"
  Naomi came unexpectedly, gasping heavily, her juices leaking
 through her fingers even though she was pressing her hands against
 her pussy.  Her cum spilled onto Miriam's breasts as Naomi, her
 legs weakening, tried to get her pussy down on Miriam's mouth.
  "Oooh, wow, look at that cum! Squirt, baby, spill your juices all
 over me!"
  "Nnnnn!" Naomi gasped.
  Miriam ahh'ed with amazement as Naomi finally took her hands off
 her pussy, and her cum flowed out of her pussy and spilled onto 
 her breasts.  Finally, she got her dripping pussy over her face,
 and, as she relaxed, her cunt spasmed again, and squirted its hot
 juice onto Miriam's face and in her mouth.  Naomi knelt down firmly
 on her face and squirted again; then, fully drained, her pussy
 still spasmed.  Miriam's tongue worked her vigorously, as she
 jerked her hips uncontrollably, inadvertently thrusting her pussy
 all the way up and down Miriam's face.
  When her orgasm was over, Naomi got up off of her lover and
 looked down.
  There was a wet trail starting with a tiny pool between Miriam's
 ample, cum-moistened breasts, leading up to her face, which was
 very moist.  As Naomi watched, Miriam was spreading her juices over
 her breasts and stomach, and licking it off her fingers
 afterwards.
  "Now THIS is what I like." Miriam said, licking Naomi's treat off
 her fingers and spreading the rest over her body.
  Quietly, Naomi leaned over and licked some of her own cum from
 between Miriam's breasts.  "Mmmm, that tastes good."
  "I know." her lover replied.  "Why don't you leave some of that
 cum and spread it over my body."
  "Sure." Naomi smiled.
  Then, she started wetting her palms in the cum she'd deposited
 between her tits, and rubbed it on her ribs, breasts, neck and
 stomach.  She thrust her fingers into her pussy, and then spread
 the juices on her fingers, on Miriam's cheeks and forehead.
  "Enough?" Naomi said.
  "I smell like your cum." Miriam giggled.  "It feels so good on my
 body."
  "Great." Naomi giggled with her.  "I'm drained.."
  "This is absolutely great." Miriam said, pulling Naomi into her
 arms.
 
 
  Connie and Laura sat naked on their bean bag couches, when their
 doorbell rang.
  "Our prey has arrived." Connie joked.
  The luscious redhead got up.  "Let me." she said.
  Laura looked into the peephole in the door, identified Naomi and
 Miriam, and then let them in.
  "Hello." Laura said.  "You ready to feel good tonight?"
  "Oh, yes." Miriam said, faking confidence.  "Are you?"
  Miriam and Laura giggled.
  "Hey hon," Laura said to Connie, "I want to make Miriam cum."
  "All fine with me." Connie replied.
  "I told Connie she doesn't stand a chance against my tongue."
 Naomi said.
  "Hmmph." Connie laughed.  She got up and, standing over Naomi, she
 kissed her on her lips.  "We'll see."
  Laura and Connie removed the visitors' coats, and then undressed
 them right there where they stood.  Then, completely naked, Naomi
 and Miriam went over to the bean bags.
  "So.." Miriam said nervously.
  Laura moved by her and laid on her back on the bean bag.
 "Straddle my face, baby, and hold on tight."
  Connie led Naomi over to the other bean bag, and pressed her on
 her back.  Then, she mounted her face.
  Miriam knelt down on Laura's mouth, and found herself facing
 Connie.
  Instantly, she felt Laura's tongue thrusting past her cunt lips
 and into her love tunnel.  She gasped and her nipples straightened,
 and she sat up straight, as Connie looked her in her eyes, and
 smiled, as if unaffected by the entry of Naomi's tongue into her
 own pussy.
  "You okay, baby?" Connie said, caressing her own thighs as Naomi
 sucked her off.  "You look ready to cum."
  "Uhnnn.." Miriam grunted.  "Laura, please..  please.."
  Laura only worked stronger on her clit and inner lips, gripping
 her butt firmly with her hands.  She worked her face back and forth
 against Miriam's pussy.  It felt as if she had been thrusting her
 pussy against Naomi face again, but this time, it was Laura's face
 thrusting against her cunt.
  "Oh, no.." Miriam gasped.  "Unnnn, it's too much!"
  Connie breathed regularly as waves of pleasure pulsed through her
 body, originating from the heavenly tongue job going on between
 her legs.  Then, Naomi worked her face back and forth against
 Connie's rapidly moistening pussy.  She alternated between rubbing
 her face against Connie's pussy, and licking inside her cunt to
 see if she was leaking juices.
  Finally, Connie began to flow.  Her warm juices trickled down
 Naomi's eager tongue, exciting her with the taste of her creamy
 seepage.  She clenched her teeth tightly, and began to grip her
 thighs harder, and her breath came louder and with less control.
 Finally, she got lost in the pleasure, and started thrusting her
 hips.
  "Uhhhh!" she cried out finally.  "Damn, I'm gonna cum on her face!
 Make her cum, please, Laura!"
  Miriam gasped and gasped as she looked into Connie's face with
 pleasure and fear of losing the match.  Laura was ravaging her
 pussy with her tongue, lips and nose, and Miriam's pusy juices
 were starting to flow.  She could tell because Laura moaned and
 worked harder on her cunt.  Every movement of her probing,
 pleasure-giving tongue, sent Miriam closer to the edge.
  Encouraged by the warning forced out of Connie, Naomi worked
 furiously, licking and tasting the juices flowing out of her
 opponent's pussy, and getting higher as a result.
  "Please, Laura!" Connie gasped.  "I'm gonna cum!"
  Miriam, however, was ahead of her.  She grunted lustily, and
 leaned over as spasms of orgasm rocked her body.
  Connie caressed Naomi's head as she saw the pleasure in Miriam's
 face and the smile of triumph in Laura's face as Miriam leaned
 back and looked at Connie with both pleasure and defeat.  Connie
 finally erupted into orgasm as she watched Miriam as she finished
 cumming on Laura's skilled tongue; she curled up tightly, groaned
 loudly, and vibrated her lower torso as she came and came.
  Finally, she looked up into Miriam's eyes, and smiled as they
 continued to cum on their lovers' faces.
  "Ahhh." Connie sighed as her orgasm ended.  "Your lover girl here
 sucks pussy like a mother fucking pro."
  "Glad you were able to find out." Miriam gasped, moving up off of
 Laura.  "I enjoyed the ride, too."
  "Guess she who loses this battle is the one who enjoys it the
 most," Laura laughed as she sat up and slapped a high-five with
 Connie, who moved over to sit next to her.
  "Don't worry." Naomi said to Miriam as she sat next to Naomi.
  "Okay," Laura said, "I get to cum on Miriam.  C'mon over, honey,
 so I can fuck your pretty little face with my hot pussy."
  Naomi smiled at Connie and patted her bean bag.  "C'mon over,
 baby, so I can ride your face.  I want to feel you fucking my cunt
 with your mouth."
  Miriam moved over to Laura, who took her shoulders into her hands
 and laid her down on her back.  She knelt over Miriam's face, her
 pussy within inches of her mouth.  "Ready?"
  Naomi stood over the bean bag, her pussy over Connie's face.
 Unlike Laura, she sat completely on her knees, resting her behind
 firmly on Connie's breasts.  She put one hand on her thigh, and
 played with her pubic hair with the other.  "Ready."
  "Then sit!" Laura said.  She knelt gently onto Miriam's face,
 pressing her pussy firmly on her mouth.
  Naomi spread her cunt lips and pressed them firmly onto Connie's
 mouth, sitting down on her knees comfortably and completely.  Then,
 she looked at Laura.  "You're really gonna like fucking that cute
 little face, you know that?"
  Miriam dug deep into Laura's pussy with her tongue, while rubbing
 her clit vigorously with her nose.  While it seemed not to bother
 Laura much, her reaction was much different when she felt Miriam
 rubbing her face strongly against her shaved crotch, her tongue
 stroking her clit back and forth.
  Laura gasped, "Oh fucking shit," and leaned forward, nearly
 falling off the bean bag.
  Naomi leaned forward and caught her, and then giggled
 momentarily, as she helped her kneel upright again.  Afterwards,
 she leaned back, and rested her hands on her thighs, as Connie
 worked furiously on her pussy with her tongue.  Miriam, who had
 grabbed onto her to keep her from falling, resumed exploring
 Laura's moistening pussy.
  "Now I see why you two are late to work sometimes.." Laura said,
 looking down at the face working her cunt.  She stared at her with
 a smile of lust and satisfaction, and then looked up at Naomi.
  "She's worth it, you know." Naomi said, as Connie sucked her,
 licked her, and caressed her butt with her hands.  "When I want it
 bad, I just mount that pretty little face and let her fuck me with
 her mouth, and just cum, cum, cum."
  "Aw, shit," Laura gasped again, "look at that..  it's fucking
 incredible.."
  Miriam strained her tongue in Laura's pussy, licking her as if
 trying explicitly to taste the juices seeping from within her hot,
 musky sex.  She ravaged her Irish partner's cunt with all the
 intensity of a French kiss, whipping her tongue back and forth in
 her pussy, making her rounds, working on everything from her
 clitoris and labia, to the entrance to her spasming love tunnel.
 All Laura could see was her eyes; the rest of her face was buried
 in her pussy.  Half the pleasure was the excitement and turn-on
 that came with the fact that she could not see the movements of
 Miriam's loving tongue, but she knew that as long as she sat on
 that face, Miriam would get her off.  
  Meanwhile, Connie explored Naomi's pussy with her tongue, working
 largely on her clit after finding that stimulating the rest of her
 cunt, did not seem to budge her Japanese partner.  After a while,
 when she played with her inner lips with her tongue, she could
 feel muscles tensing, and she knew Naomi's vagina was contracting.
 Some of Naomi's juice pressed out onto her tongue, indicating she
 was finally getting wet.  But after a while, she realized, Naomi
 was just teasing her; she was squeezing her natural lubrication
 juices out, but her body was hardly moving.
  She started moving her face as much as she could, rubbing it
 against Naomi's hot sex, and then sucking and licking her clit
 occasionally.  She licked, sucked, moved her face back and forth,
 and generally fucked Naomi's pussy any which way her face could,
 but yet, all she got was a rhythmic, relaxed swaying of Naomi's
 hips, as if she was indeed getting herself off on her face, but
 not enough to cum any time soon.
  Worse than that, she could hear Laura moaning and breathing hard,
 indicating that she was losing control.
  Miriam, fully enjoying the flow of juices coming out of Laura's
 steamy hot cunt, wiggled her face in a short, oscillatory pattern
 that had her nose vibrating quickly against Laura's clit.  Miriam's
 tongue lapped up the juices pressing out of her cunt like dew
 drops.  The scent of Laura's pussy, attractively musky from the
 start, was even better when her juices began dripping from her
 vagina; in addition, the sweet taste of her cum, made Miriam's
 pussy begin to grow wet.  The more cum Laura pressed out of her
 spasming pussy, the more turned-on Miriam became, and the more
 enthusiastically and vigorously she fucked Laura with her face.
  Naomi felt good with Connie working her furiously, doing
 everything she can to bring her off.  She preferred straddling her
 lover's face, kneeling down, and relaxing, whenever she was being
 fucked by someone's mouth; it put more pressure on her pussy, and
 gave her more pleasure.  And in this case, she could sit and watch
 another couple making oral love, which really turned her on.
 Especially when it was Miriam between the legs of someone as
 beautiful as Laura.  It was a fantasy to her, to see just that
 combination - Laura, moaning and crying with pleasure, as she rode
 Miriam's face, her cunt juices wetting her cheeks as she got off
 on Naomi's lover.  She felt herself growing wetter and hotter as
 she watched Laura's nipples growing stiff, her chest blushing, and
 her hands finally moving to her breasts, as she gave that savage,
 lusty sigh that unambiguously meant she was completely lost and
 that all she wanted was to cum.
  And when she actually saw Laura jerk upwards slightly, and she
 saw her cunt juices flow down Miriam's eager, exposed tongue, she
 sighed, and massaged Connie's head with one hand.  Her nipples
 stiffened, and her breathing became heavier.  She could feel
 herself getting wetter, and for a moment, she closed her eyes, as
 a stronger, rewarding wave of pleasure rippled through her body.
 This time, she sighed loud and lustily, signaling to all that she,
 too, was ready to cum.
  "UUUUGH!" someone cried suddenly, alarming Naomi.  Her eyes flew
 open and she looked towards the source of the sound.  What she saw,
 made her smile with pride.
  Laura was getting off of Miriam, only long enough to straddle the
 bean bag as far as her legs would spread, so she could easier jerk
 her crotch back and forth on Miriam's face.  "FUCK IT!" she
 screamed harshly.  "It's too much! I gotta fucking cum!"
  She rubbed her crotch against Miriam's face furiously, as if
 riding a dildo, then pressed her throbbing clit hard against her
 nose.  A moment later, she froze, and held her breath.  Her nipples
 stiffened some more, seeming to want to pop right off her breasts.
 Finally, she reached down, spread her cunt lips, and pressed her
 pussy firmly on Miriam's open and eager mouth.  "OHHHH shit I'm
 cumming in her mouth!"
  Miriam gripped the cheeks of her backside, and held her still as
 she came.  But the spasms going on inside Laura became too strong,
 and as she roared out with lust for the umpteenth time, she
 lurched her hips forward -
  And as she sighed with pleasure and release, she squirted a thin
 stream of her cum into Miriam's hair.  After that, she pressed her
 cunt back on Miriam's mouth, and smiled momentarily at Naomi.
 Miriam grunted in a way that, Naomi knew from experience, said
 Laura's second squirt had landed in her mouth.
  Naomi's eyes bulged as she saw it, and her pussy spasmed
 powerfully.  It happened so fast and so intensely, that it caught
 her off guard; her clit throbbed furiously, and was vulnerable to
 Connie's tongue.
  "Oh, SHIT she came in her MOUTH!" Naomi cried out.
  Connie fucked her pussy furiously with her mouth, encouraged by
 Naomi's reaction.  Finally, Naomi froze over her, and exploded, her
 juices seeping almost grudglingly out of her spasming pussy, as 
 she orgasmed.
  Naomi jerked and lurched as her spasms rocked her, and the
 fireworks went off in her head.  Finally, when it was over, she
 sighed, got up off of Connie's face, cupped her head in her hands,
 and kissed her passionately.
  In the meantime, Laura sighed, and spasmed one last time, after
 two spurts of her love juice and countless joyful contractions of
 her muscles.  She settled back on Miriam's breasts, then clumsily
 dismounted her, as she struggled through a dizzy spell, smearing
 her pussy's cum on Miriam's breasts and right arm.  She draped
 herself across Miriam's body, pressed her lips against Miriam's,
 urged Miriam's mouth open, and thrust her tongue inside.
  "You fucking win, Naomi.." she gasped, before diving again to
 kiss Miriam.
  Naomi and Connie sat up against each other on their bean bag,
 watching Laura trying to move with weak arms and wobbly legs.
  "I think we have a tie?" Naomi said.
  "Guess so." Connie replied.
  "YOU have a tie." Laura groaned, sitting up next to Miriam on the
 bean bag, facing the other two.  "I still have a fucking head
 rush."
  Miriam licked her lips.  "Another pussy, another victim." she
 bragged.
  "Aw, shit!" Laura cried, bumping her with her shoulder.
  The other two broke out into laughter.
  "I wish I could have enjoyed that sweet lollipop of a pussy just
 a WEE bit longer, though." Miriam said with a half-academic voice.
 "I like to lick really sweet tarts slowly."
  "Oh, please, Miriam.." Laura protested, wiping at the dampness
 between her thighs.  "Here, have this.."
  As Miriam licked her fingers, she smiled.  "Come here.  Stand up,
 Laura."
  "Why?"
  "Oh, she likes this." Naomi said to Connie.
  "Just stand up!" Miriam giggled.
  "I Ca--nt!" Laura protested with a laugh.  "My legs won't lemme."
  "Then kneel over me." Miriam said.
  "OK, I'll try." Laura said.  
  She got up, knelt over Miriam's chest, and then Miriam pulled her
 body down so she wouldn't fall.  After that, Miriam inserted two
 fingers into Laura's moist pussy, much to her surprise, and began
 digging into her cunt.
  She withdrew with some of her cum on her fingers, and began
 smearing it on her breasts.
  "WHAT are you doing?" Laura gasped, looking down with amazement.
  "I want your juices." Miriam said.  Reaching back up into Laura's
 pussy with her fingers, she said, "Some girls like jizz on their
 tits, I like pussy juice."
  Laura jerked slightly and groaned huskily.  Naomi massaged her
 breasts as she watched Laura from behind, as Miriam explored deep
 into her cunt.  Finally, she withdrew her cum-moistened fingers,
 which she drew across her stomach.
  "We need to break this tie, ladies." Connie finally said, faking
 an air of formality.
  "Okay, okay." Laura gasped, getting up off of Miriam.  "I'm gonna
 be cumming my brains outa my cunt if you keep up like this!"
  As Laura again sat beside Miriam, Miriam looked at Naomi, her
 breasts and stomach moist, her body smelling sweet and musky from
 Laura's juices.  She smiled proudly and pushed her chest out to
 show it.  "I like." she giggled.
  Naomi breathed heavily through her nose, and turned to look to
 Connie.  "Uh, what should we do?"
  "The dildo's." Laura said.  "We'll pick a partner and fuck each
 other with the fake dicks."
  "Good idea!" Connie and Naomi laughed.
  "Who gives and who takes?" Miriam said.
  "She who last gave, gets now." Laura suggested.
  "Good." Naomi said.  Then, she paused.  "Hold a minute.."
  "Oh, no," Connie said, "you can't take it back! I say we do it
 Laura's way!"
  "Oh, shit." Miriam laughed.  "Just great!"
  Connie walked, butt naked, towards the bedroom.  "Miriam, how much
 can you take?"
  "How much do you have?" Miriam replied.
  "Miriaaamm.." Naomi said.
  Miriam jumped over to her bean bag.  She kissed Naomi on her lips
 and said gingerly, "Don't worry.  I can take it.  And if we lose,
 what the hell, it's only sex."
  The two of them giggled.
 
  Naomi was sitting on the bean bag with her luscious legs draped
 over Miriam's shoulders, as Miriam knelt before Naomi and ate her
 pussy, and Laura was standing over Naomi with her pussy in her
 face, when Connie arrived.
  "Hey!" she laughed.  "What are you three doing?"
  "Eating out!" came Naomi's muffled voice.
  Laura and Miriam burst out laughing on the spot, and had to
 disengage in order not to hurt each other as they laughed.
  "Oh, shit.." Naomi gasped.
  In Connie's hands were two 12-inch rubber cocks so thick that she
 could barely wrap her hands around them.  And they were attached to
 strap-on waist bands.
  "I coulda warnedya," she said, moving closer to them.
  "Oooh boy," Miriam said with concern, "you can fuck THOSE rubber
 beasts? What'd they do - cut off a horse's dick and coat it with
 latex?!"
  "Fucking looks like it." Naomi gasped.
  "The last time I saw something like that," Laura joked, "it had
 an eraser on the other end."
  "ARE YOU CRAZY?!" Naomi and Miriam whirled about.
  "I'm just kidding!" Laura laughed as Connie cracked up.
  "Unless you're the fucking 50-Foot Woman.." Naomi mumbled.
  "Here you go," Connie said, handing one to Laura and one to
 Naomi.
  "Look at this," Naomi smiled, "it's got a perfect penis head on
 it.  And it's beautifully ribbed.  I'm gonna love bein' fucked by
 this."
  "Uh, honey," Connie said, "this is for me.  Put it on.."
  Naomi shook her head and then strapped the dildo on.
  Laura stroked hers gingerly.  "Yeah, and it goes on and on and
 on.."
  "Okay," Connie said, "shall we?"
  "Cool." Miriam answered bravely, as Naomi looked at her.
  "Okay," Laura said, "which way ladies?"
  Connie turned her back to Naomi and spread her cunt lips.  "I dare
 you, Miriam."
  "You're crazy." she replied.
  "I'm horny." Connie said.
  Miriam looked at Laura, and then at the others.  "Okay."
  The four women got up and moved the bean bags next to each other.
 Then, Connie and Miriam got on their knees, and Naomi and Laura,
 respectively, moved behind them, with their dildos strapped to
 their waists.
  Connie's pussy engulfed the thing as Naomi pressed it into her.
 She pushed back and smiled broadly as the long, thick, warm dildo
 penetrated her inner depths, its broad and realistically-shaped
 head stroking her in all the right places.  "Ooooh, that's just
 right.."
  Naomi gasped as the rubber penis, though requiring a strong push
 at the start, slid into Connie's well-slickened pussy without much
 further effort.
  "Shit, her pussy's huge!" Naomi gasped.
  Miriam took Laura's dildo with just about the same difficulty.
 She closed her eyes as the head of the latex device pressed
 against her entrance, and then slowly pressed inside her.  Then, as
 she felt more of it sliding inside her, she pushed back, her cunt
 muscles drawing it in deeper.
  "Can you fucking believe this?" Laura gasped.  "This..  woman..
 took this monster as if it were a fucking ant's pecker.."
  "Aaaahh," Miriam sighed, "I can feel the head of that penis.  And
 its contours..  oh, that feels wonderful..  Come on, fuck me with
 it." 
  Naomi pushed her hips firmly against Connie's rear end, insuring
 that the latex dildo was all the way inside her.  Then, as she
 noticed Laura rubbing her hips against Miriam's backside, moving
 the thing inside her partner's pussy, Naomi gently held Connie's
 hips, and started thrusting.
  "Uuuugghhh," Connie gasped, almost unwillingly, as Naomi probed
 her and tried to get an idea of what thrusts her pussy could take.
 She sighed and relaxed, giving Naomi a sign that she was fully
 accustomed to the dildo's size.
  Miriam quivered and breathed hard whenever Laura pushed the dildo
 deeper into her and swayed her hips a bit, causing the thing to
 move about in Miriam's pussy.
  Naomi fucked Connie fast and deep, meanwhile, while reaching
 around to play with her clit.  Connie sat propped up on her arms,
 before pressing her face into the bean bag, as the enormous dildo
 stroked her fiery insides rapidly.
  Laura and Naomi both worked hard on their partners, making them
 cry out with pleasure.  Both of them probed their lovers' pussies
 with their dildos, looking for their G-spot.  While Laura pulled
 out and eased back into Miriam's cunt, twisting about and probing
 her vaginal walls all the way in, Naomi's hips gently swayed from
 side to side, and then up and down.
  Naomi and Laura unknowingly found their partners' g-spots several
 times, before finally, Connie gasped and grabbed the bean bag with
 all her strength, telling Naomi she had hit her mark.  As Miriam
 continued to breathe hard but regularly, Connie's pussy started
 making squishing sounds as it lubricated Naomi's dildo copiously,
 as Naomi stimulated her G-spot repeatedly, and continued to reach
 around occasionally to play with Connie's throbbing clit.
  "Come on, cum for me," Naomi said, urging Connie, as she fucked
 her passionately, stimulating her most sensitive spot, and then
 slamming it to her.
  "Mmmm, that feels good," Miriam said as Laura probed her insides.
 "I wanna cum so badly."
  Laura pulled Miriam up, her back against Laura's breasts.  She
 reached around to play with Miriam's nipples with one hand, and to
 stimulate her clit with the other.  She kissed Miriam on her neck
 as she thrust up and down, stroking up into Miriam's cunt.
 Finally, she rubbed Miriam's magic spot too well with the head of
 her dildo, and Miriam gasped, her muscles squeezing strongly,
 before sending its lube down the latex shaft.  Her nipples
 stiffened and she grunted, grinding back against Laura's dildo.
  Connie cried out with pleasure as Naomi worked her fast and deep,
 making her breasts shake vigorously.  She pressed Connie hard
 against the bean bag, and while they held hands, Naomi just drove
 into her, her hips slamming into Connie's butt.
  Finally, as Connie started quivering and breathing desperately,
 Naomi stimulated her G-spot again, gently stroking the head of her
 dildo against it, and then thrust all the way into her pussy,
 where she held it while she wiggled her hips a bit.
  "Aaaawwww!" Connie gasped, almost flopping against the bean bag
 as she exploded with orgasm.
  Laura continued to slam into Miriam's pussy, watching Connie
 climax and quiver strongly under Naomi.  A blissful look appeared 
 on her face as she came, while Naomi held her hands and gently
 kissed her on the back of her neck, whispering words of love into
 her ears.  She closed her eyes as she had one more explosive
 contraction, and then she became limp.
  Then, finally, Miriam's pussy clenched Laura's dildo tightly, and
 she started gasping for breath.  Miriam cried out, and her pussy
 squished the fake dick loudly, as her juice flowed out over it.
 She sighed as she entered her orgasm, her nipples hardening
 between Laura's fingers.  Laura held her tight and pushed her dildo
 all the way into her pussy, making her cum more, until finally,
 Miriam leaned weakly back against her lover.
  Naomi smiled at Laura as finally, Miriam got up, turned, and
 licked the dildo all over, cleaning her own juices off of it with
 her tongue.  She looked down at Connie, who was still recovering
 from her own climax, and said something into her ear.
  "I don't care," Connie mumbled.  "It felt GOOD."
  Finally, Naomi took the dildo out of Connie's pussy.  She groaned
 when she felt it leave her cunt, and turned on her side, as Naomi
 unstrapped the dildo and licked Connie's juices off.
  When she'd cleaned her cum off of the dildo, Miriam pulled Laura
 down on top of her, and after a moment's work, she got the dildo
 back into her.
  When Naomi heard Miriam moaning again, she looked up.  "Miriam?"
  "Don't worry about me," Miriam said, "I'm enjoying my prize!"
  "Aw, not again.." Connie said.  "She at it AGAIN?!"
  "Mind if I join them?" Naomi asked.
  "Fine with me, you won."
  "Cool!" she said.
  Immediately, Naomi joined the other two..
