Copyright © 1998,    Candy Kane.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.






WARNING: This story is a work of fiction that contains descriptions of explicit sexual acts between females.  If this type of content offends you, or you are under the age of 18, do not read it.

LEZ BE FRIENDS Part 1 by Candy Kane

My name is Julie and I'm a typical sixteen-year-old girl, bored and horny.  It was Saturday morning and my parents were away for the weekend.  I had already masturbated once before I got up and again in the shower, but it didn't help much.  I needed something besides my fingers between my legs.  Then the phone rang; it was our neighbor asking if I could baby-sit her twelve-year-old daughter, Kim, until Sunday night.

"Sure," I said, thinking of what I could do with the $25.00 that I'd be getting.

Kim was a pretty girl, her legs were long and shapely and she had long blond hair that came down to the middle of her back.  She was always smiling, and when I saw her around the neighborhood, she would wave and say hello.

Kim arrived at noon with her overnight bag in hand.  After lunch, we decided to lie around our backyard pool and work on our tans.  It was a hot summer day and the pool would be a great way to stay cool and have some fun.

Our backyard was enclosed with a privacy fence and I liked to sunbathe in the nude when I was alone.  So after Kim and I pulled a couple of cushions off two lounges and placed them a few feet apart on the deck, I slipped my bikini top off without even thinking of asking her if she minded.  She was wearing a two-piece as well and she glanced over at my bare breasts and said, "I think I'll take my top off too, OK, Julie?"

"Best way to get a good tan," I said.  As I watched her, I realized she had great skin.  Her breasts were small but forming nicely; she had adorable little pink nipples.  I felt a tingle of excitement at the sight of Kim's body but wrote it off as just being in a constant state of teenage arousal.  She obviously sunbathed in the nude too; she had no tan lines.  I enjoyed watching her wiggle her ass around on the cushion to get comfortable.  Things were looking up, I thought, and decided to take a gamble and see how she reacted.

"Kim," I said.  "I normally lay out here nude when I'm by myself.  Since it's just us girls, do you mind if I take my bottom off?"

She smiled.  "Only if I can too."

"Hey, great."  I hooked my thumbs under the sides of my bikini, and a second later I was naked.  As I tossed it aside, I noticed the crotch was wet.  My pussy was way ahead of my fantasies, I thought.

Kim was laying on her back and she brought her legs up and slipped her bikini off.  When she did, I got a revealing look at her young sex.  It was perfectly shaped: a hint of a mound with delicate lips that flaring out slightly at the bottom and a trace of blond fuzz.  I had to admit, seeing this little girl's pussy was a turn-on and the idea of being alone with her for the weekend made my whole body tingle.  I slid my hand down to my crotch to confirm I was definitely wet.

Kim saw me touch myself and her eyes lingered on my pussy after I took my hand away.  Then she smiled and turned over on her stomach, her head resting on her arms.

I didn't want to seem like I was staring but I couldn't take my eyes off her.  Her ass was flawlessly rounded and her cute toes begged to be sucked.  Her skin was tanned the color of light copper and her blond hair flowed like liquid gold down across her shoulders.  The more I looked, the more aroused I got.

I had never made it with a girl before.  Well, not technically anyway.  I had a girl finger me in a swimming pool once when I was twelve.  We were on family vacation and I had made friends with this girl at a motel pool.  Her name was Sara, and she was a couple of years older than I was.  We hit it off right away and spent the afternoon sunbathing, talking and laughing.  It was getting dark and my dad told me I had to come up soon and get ready to go to dinner.  After he and mom went to our room, there was no one left in the pool so Sara and I decided to go for one last swim.

We floated around for awhile and then she said she felt like doing something crazy.  I said like what?  She said like skinny-dipping.  I told her she was nuts; someone would see us.  She said there was no one around, and besides, it would be fun.  She unhooked the catch on the front of her top and playfully flashed me her breasts, daring me to show her mine.  Then she took her top off, slipped out of her bottom, and laid both on the edge of the pool.

I was wearing a string bikini and the water was deep enough to cover my breasts.  There were little bows on my hips that held my bottom on and a bow in the front that kept my top in place.  Sara pulled the string between my breasts and the material fell away.  Before I could cover back up, she sank under the water and untied the bows on my hips.  With a broad smile, she surfaced with my bikini bottom in her hand.  I tried to grab it but she tossed it on the ledge beside hers.  A second later, she did the same with my top.  Then, with a wink, she turned and dove under.  When I saw her bare ass, I decided, why not?

We splashed around and chased each other for a while, giggling at how naughty we were.  Then I got nervous that my dad would come down and catch us so I told Sara I had to put my suit back on.  I swam over to the ledge, but before I could reach for it, she came up and kissed me on the mouth.  I asked her why she did it and she said that I was sexy and really turned her on.  She told me she wished she were a boy because she wanted to fuck me.  Then she kissed me again, this time a long French kiss and I felt her hand between my legs.

I was so stunned I didn't know what to do.  Before I could react, her finger was inside me.

My heart jumped when she found my clitoris.  In no time I was breathing hard and trying to hold on to the side of the pool.  She pressed her body against mine and continued to French kiss me while she finger-fucked me.

At twelve years old, I was already masturbating at least once a day, but this was the first time anyone had ever done it for me.  It didn't take long for her to make me come.  It was my first real sex with another person and I loved it.  After I managed to catch my breath, I begged her to do it to me again.  She smiled and said she had a better idea: could I sneak out of my room and meet her later that night?  She promised that if I did, she would make me come with her mouth.  My pussy quivered at the thought of her licking it.  I almost died when I remembered I was supposed to go with my parents to visit relatives that night.  She said that was too bad because she could show me how much fun girls can have with each other.

Reluctantly, we put our suits back on.  Before she left, Sara kissed me goodbye and gave my pussy one last carress through the thin material of my bikini.  Then she swam over to the ladder.  I wanted her so bad I almost cried as I watched her go.

"Don't forget me," she said and climbed out.  I never did.

Don't get me wrong, I'm not a lesbian.  I've already let a couple of boys get between my legs.  But I've always wondered what it would have felt like to have sex with Sara.  I broke up with my last boyfriend over three weeks ago.  And he was just getting to where he could fuck me without shooting off in the first ten seconds.  Since then, the only sex I'd had was with the five lovers on the end of my hand.  So as horny as I was, the thought of spending the weekend alone with Kim definitely made my mouth water and my pussy wet.  Suddenly, her voice shook me out of my dreamy state.

"Julie, will you rub lotion on me?"

I felt a rush of heat through my body realizing she had asked me to touch her.  "Sure, Kim," I said.  "But you've got to promise you'll do me too."

I couldn't believe I'd said that.  Did she realize what I really meant?  Did she know the sight of her naked body was setting me on fire?  If she did, she showed no reaction.

I shoved my cushion up next to hers and opened the bottle of suntan lotion.  My thigh pressed against the side of her leg as I knelt down and I felt the heat from her skin.  I was nervous as I squirted out a small amount of lotion onto my palm.  I rubbed my hands together and applied the coconut-scented liquid to her back.

Her skin was even softer than I imagined.  I babied it, moving my hands in slow circles up over her shoulders and down her back and sides.  Kim stretched her arms out over her head and I leaned forward to rub the lotion on them.  My breasts touched her back and my nipples hardened against her warm skin.

She kept her eyes closed but I saw a bit of a smile as my nipples lightly moved across her back.  I repositioned myself to get at her legs while my gaze stayed on her ass.  Would she let me touch it?  Rub lotion into her crack?  Between her legs?  Or would she get scared and run away?

I babied her feet; pampering them and running my fingers between each perfect little toe.  All I could think about was putting them in my mouth.  Eventually I moved up her calves to the back of her legs behind her knees.  I hoped she liked being touched there as much as I did.  Then I moved on to the back of her thighs, getting ever closer to her ass.  By now my pussy was so wet that I smelled my arousal.  I wondered if Kim could too.

Well, here goes, I thought.  I squirted a little lotion onto my palm and placed both hands on her ass.  Lightly, I rubbed the sides first and worked my way inward.

"Mmmm," Kim said.  "That feels so good, Julie.  You do it just like Janet."

"Who's Janet?" I said, taken by surprise.

"My girlfriend.  We sunbathe together a lot and she loves rubbing lotion all over me.  She's such a tease."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Oh, you know.  She likes to put her hand between my legs and play with me.  Sometimes I think she's a lez but she swears she likes boys too.  Anyway, you'd like Janet a lot."

"I'm sure I would," I said, not believing my ears.  Kim lets her girlfriend touch her?  I knew immediately I'd died and gone to heaven.  The prospect of having sex was looking better all the time.  If I couldn't have a nice hard dick inside me, Kim's tongue would do just fine.

I put a few more drops of lotion on my palm and rubbed it across her ass cheeks.  As my fingertips slipped into her crack, Kim spread her legs.  Slowly, I traced the inside of her crack stopping for a moment when my fingertip found her little anus, so puckered and tight.  My heart was pounding and I was sure she could hear it.  I moved my hand down and rubbed the lotion along her inner thighs.  Holding my breath, I let my finger touch her.  She was so soft, her pussy lips felt like delicate flower petals.  It took everything I could do not to penetrate her.

My head was spinning.  All I could think about was making love to her.  Finally, I realized I had covered every inch of the back of her body with lotion.  There was no reason to continue without being accused of sexually molesting a minor.  Then Kim turned over and smiled up at me.  She stretched out her arms and said, "Do my front, Julie."

"Do you like it when your girlfriend plays with you?" I asked.

"I love it," she said, closing her eyes.  "It feels really good and it's so much fun."

"Do you ever, you know, play with her?"

"Sure.  But mostly I just let Janet do whatever she wants.  And most of the time, all she wants to do is put her fingers in me."  She giggled and ran her hand down between her legs.  I watched in fascination as she rubbed herself.

"Janet sleeps over a lot on the weekends," she continued. "After my mom goes to bed, we stay up late and watch TV.  Janet loves making out so we lay on the couch and do that a lot."

"Has your mom ever caught you?"

"Yeah, once after school.  Janet came over and we were up in my room.  My mom came home early and walked in on us."

"What were you doing," I asked.  My pussy was throbbing.

"We were laying on my bed making out and Janet had her hand in my panties."

"Did your mom get upset?"

"At first she did.  But later she said it was just a phase girls went through and that she did it when she was young too.  She said we should just be careful."

"Careful?"

"You know, that if we were going to experiment, we should only do it with each other, not with boys and wind up getting pregnant."

I was mesmerized by the innocent way Kim described having sex with her girlfriend and I wondered if she had any idea how turned on she was making me.

Then Kim said, "But my mom really couldn't say too much when she caught us."

"Why is that," I asked

"Well, because there's a girl that my mom works with that comes over sometimes.  They drink a lot of wine and hug and kiss, and sometimes she sleeps with my mom.  I can hear them through the wall.  I know they're experimenting just like Janet and me."

She touched herself again.  Then she said, "Once, Janet was over and my mom and her girlfriend were in the next room.  We got really turned on listening to them and Janet said we should take our clothes off and go get in bed with them.  You know, maybe they would let us watch or something.  We almost did it but chickened out at the last minute."  Kim giggled and said, "But we still took our clothes off and had lots of fun playing with each other." 

I had never been so turned on in my life.  My pussy ached so much it hurt as I pressed my legs together.

Taking a deep breath, I put more lotion on my hands and placed them on her stomach, first rubbing her hips and sides.  Would she let me touch her breasts?  I slowly moved closer to those ripe little mounds.  I'd already touched her ass, and for a brief instant, her pussy.  And she told me she let her girlfriend do it all the time.  So why not?  Acting like it was the most natural thing in the world for a girl to do to another girl, I rubbed my slippery hands over her breasts.  Her nipples turned into little hard buds as I played with them between my fingers.

Kim smiled.  "That feels really nice, Julie"

As I continued to run my hands over her chest and stomach, my eyes wandered down to that heavenly spot between her legs.  I moved down her stomach until I touched her little patch of fuzz and played with its velvety texture for a moment.  Then I rubbed her inner thigh.  She closed her eyes and spread her legs letting me know I could keep going.  Slowly I moved my hand up until I was touching her.  I had to go slow, not frighten her off, so I lightly rubbed her just enough to apply the lotion.  Her reaction was a soft moan as she spread her legs further apart.

I cupped her pussy and gently stroked it, my middle finger sliding along her slit.  Then I let it ease in between her folds.  She was so warm and wet, and she responded by pushing against my hand.  I watched her face as my finger disappeared inside her.  My other hand was already busy between my own legs.

Kim opened her mouth and sighed, bringing a hand up to play with her nipple.  Then she turned her head so she could watch me masturbate.  At that moment, I think we both knew we were going to make love.  She reached between my legs and put her hand on mine, playing with my fingers as I worked them in and out of my hole.

"I like to do that too," she said.  "I do it a lot."

I was about to increase my rhythm when she said, "Julie?"

"Yes, sweetheart."

"Can I do you now."

Another thirty seconds and I could have made us both come.  But I stopped and reluctantly took my finger out of her. "OK, Kim," I said breathlessly.

I lay back on my cushion and brought my finger to my nose.  A wave of forbidden excitement swept over me as I smelled her and realized I wanted to have sex with this little girl more than anything.

She got up and knelt beside me, squirted some lotion on her palms and rubbed them together.  Then she started massaging my feet, playing with my toes like I had hers.  "What are you thinking about," she asked after a moment.

"A movie I saw once.  It was about an American girl who took a trip to Japan.  One day she went to get a massage from a Geisha girl."

"What's a Geisha girl," Kim asked as she spread the lotion along my legs.

"A Geisha Girl is one who likes to please others," I said. "Anyway, when they were alone, they took off all their clothes and the American girl lay on her back.  The Geisha was going to rub lotion on the girl but instead of using her hands, first she put the lotion on her own body.  Then she laid on top of the American girl and rubbed it all over her."

Kim thought for a moment.  "Wow, that sounds like fun.  Can I do it to you?"

"I was hoping you'd want to," I said as my heart raced.

Kim knelt between my feet.  Then she held the bottle up and squirted a generous amount on her chest and breasts.  After she spread it around, she crawled toward me until her breasts were over my hips.  She lowered herself down and started a slow back and forth motion applying the lotion with her breasts across my stomach.  "Like this?" she said, smiling up at me.

"Just like that, sweetheart."  My breathing quickened when our nipples touched; her soft breasts pressed into mine.

When we were face-to-face, she asked, "So were they lesbians?"

"Who," I said not able to think straight.

"The two girls, silly."

"No, not the American," I said.  "She had a boyfriend and they were always screwing.  But she was definitely bisexual because she really got off with the massage.  I think the Geisha girl was probably a lesbian, though."

"So what did they do next?"

"Well," I said, looking into her beautiful blue eyes. "They kissed."

"Have you ever kissed a girl," Kim asked, never stopping her slow, side-to-side movement.

"Yes," I said.

"Janet and I kiss a lot."  She shifted her hips over so our pussies were pressing into each other's thighs.  With no attempt to hide it, she was humping my leg as we masturbated each other.

"Kissing a girl is nice," she said in a dreamy voice.  "It's so soft, a lot softer than kissing a boy."  Kim moved her hips faster.  "And after they kissed," she asked, her breathing become more rapid, "what did they do?"

"The Geisha girl turned around so they were in a sixty-nine and they made love."  I was finding it hard to speak now as we ground into each other.

"Did you make love to the girl you kissed?"

"No."

"Did you want to?"

"At the time, I didn't really know what making love was.  Not the way two girls do it, anyway."  I could feel my climax building, my stomach sucked in and out.  My back arched and pushed harder onto her thigh.

"And now?  Do you know how two girls make love?"

"Yes."

She paused for a moment, then whispered, "Can we do it, Julie?  You and me?"

"Kim, sweetheart, that's all I've wanted to do since you got here."  I pulled her face to mine and we kissed hard and deep, her golden hair falling down all over my face.  She tasted so sweet and her body felt heavenly on top of me.  The intensity of our mutual masturbation increased and it took only a minute more for us to climax together.  I felt her warm juice flow out onto my leg as Kim's body stiffened.  Her head jerked back and she closed her eyes tight, grinding herself into my thigh as hard as she could.  At the same time she pushed her leg down causing my pussy to spasm in ecstasy.

We lay in each other's arms for a long time trying to catch our breaths.  Then we kissed, this time a soft kiss that seemed to go on forever.  Our lips were like feathers lightly brushing each other, our tongues dancing a slow dance together.

Finally, Kim said, "Let's go for a swim."

"OK," I said and we got up and walked to the edge of the pool.  I waited for her to dive in first so I could get a glimpse of her cunt lips between her legs.  Then I jumped in and swam after her.  We were lovers: touching, hugging, kissing, and laughing.  We would take turns swimming between each other's legs and Kim would tickle my pussy on her way through.  We chased each other, splashing and wrestling.  When our bodies pressed together, it was incredible.  She swam away and suddenly come up in front of me, throwing her arms around my neck and planting kisses all over my face.  

"What's that for?" I asked.

"Because you make me feel soooo good."  Then she giggled and swam away teasing me to chase her.

"Lets get out and go inside," I said the next time I had her in my arms.

Kim eagerly agreed and swam over to the ladder.  She climbed up but stopped halfway to bend over and ring out her long hair.  I was right behind and her perfect little bottom was only inches from my face.  Unable to resist, I kissed both cheeks and ran my tongue inside her crack, finding her anus.  She let out an adorable little laugh and smiled back at me.  "I like it when you do that, Julie.  Will you do it when we make girl-love?"

"I'll do it until you beg me to stop, sweetheart."

"Maybe I won't want you to stop."  Then she wiggled her ass in my face and scooting up the ladder.

My heart was racing as we toweled off.  Then I took her hand and we walked across the patio to the house.  I saw our reflection in the glass sliding doors: two naked girls hand-in-hand, hot for each other and about to have sex.  It was so erotic it made me dizzy.  Kim saw our reflection too and slipped her arm around my waist, leaning in to give my nipple a playful kiss.

End of part 1.

Send comments to rytr33@hotmail.com















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....