The first time? Well, let me see, you cant really say that was my "first 
time,"
although it was my first sexual experience. I was 13 at the time,
and in Jr high. It was in the 8th grade that I started having those 
"feelings,"
I began noticing boys who weren't there before. All the other girls did 
too.
But there was this one girl, her name was Linda, she was a 9th grader, 
and
she seemed different. She hanged around with girls and guys alike. Linda
always had a group with her, whether it was during lunch, or after 
school,
that followed here wherever she went, and she always acted like a
bully around everyone. It was a Wednsday, the bell had
rang for lunch, and I was very tired, I'd just finished a test. After
I ate, I headed for the kickback spot. When I got there, a couple of 
friends
were talking "school politics":
"Did you hear about Mr. Reed, I heard that they caught him smoking weed 
on
his break!."
That was Marc, a cool 9th grader, whom I knew since I was 6.
Kevin interrupts:
"That's BULLSHIT man, teachers don't do that kind of stuff!"
"Well this one does, after all, he does look like a hippie!"
"And who the fuck told you this?"
"It was some guy in 2nd period...uhhh, I forgot his name..."
Kim had just joined us:
"Hi guys."
Kim was about my age, and had real big hooters. All the guys were 
drooling
after her.
"Hi Kim", answered the guys in unison. I could see their eyes light up,
and their stare fell upon her bust. Kim knew this but did not seem to
mind.....
After about 15 mins of kicking back, I realized I had to go pee, so I 
told
the gang I'd be back, and I headed for the girls bathroom. On my way
there, I passed the sports field, where the girls drill team and cheer-
leaders where practising.  I wished I was one. But everyone told
me "With a figure like that, yeah right!" I didnt have a great body, but 
my
boobs where pretty good for my size (Nice and firm, with no sag), and I 
was
only just beggining to curve.
Finally, I arrived on the other side of campus (all the other bathrooms
were closed, fucking school Gestapo!)
When I walked inside, I noticed Linda, and her group were talking amongst
themselves.  I didn't pay much attention to them, and I headed for a 
stall. I pulled my panties
down, and I sat on the toilet. All of a sudden, I heard a
scream, which sounded more like a shriek of terror to me, so I decided
to investigate. I pulled up my undies, opened the
bathroom door, and walked outside. I saw this girl, holding her chest,
running outside, nearly crying, while
Linda and her gang were standing around laughing. When they saw me, their
faces turned serious. Linda started approaching me.
"You didn't see anything, YOU GOT THAT?" she said in a threatening voice,
pointing her finger at me.
I began backing away, thinking I had to back down, but then realized that
there was nowhere to go,
for my back was touching the bathroom wall! I had to answer...
WHAT do I answer? -DO- I answer?
and what the fuck is going on here???? those were some of the questions 
going
thru my mind...
"OK" I heard my myself whisper.
Linda seemed pleased. She started grinning.
"Allright", she said.
Then I noticed something else. She was looking at me in a strange way,
like she was sizing me up. Her
stare fell right on my chest, and her smile disappeared. Once again she
started to get closer.
"Close the door!", she barked to one of friends. They complied 
immediately, like she was afraid of
her. She picked up an object I couldn't
make out, and stuck it under the bathroom door. Now no one could enter 
the
bathroom. I saw Linda's evil grin reappear
"You're very pretty, you know that??..."
I think I displayed a faint nervous smile.
She began moving even closer.
"What's the matter?" she said, in a seemingly concerned voice...
But before I could answer, I felt her hand rubbing up against my inner 
thigh.
OH GOD!!!  I thought I was gonna pass out. My heart was
beating faster than ever before. I was being molested, and my mind did 
not
know how to deal with the situation! I begged her to stop, but she 
wouldn't.
Then I felt her other hand grab my butt. My mind was in a whirlwind
of questions, guilt, and other emotions. I did not know how to react. My 
whole
body seemed frozen in place...
Linda's right hand stopped rubbing my thigh and grabbed my butt also. She
then pulled me close to her, and moved her face close to mine. I could 
see
her lick her lips right before she started french kissing me! I was
terrified! I didnt know what to
do to make her stop!  Her tongue was exploring my mouth with tenacity,
and her hands were rythmically squeezing my ass!!! I tried to push her 
away,
but her grip was strong.... BUT, all of a sudden, a new
feeling enveloped my body, . It was a feeling of pleasure, one that I
never felt before.  I could feel my body heat up, and my cunt started to 
get
wet. Linda stopped kissing me, looked deep into my eyes for a moment, and 
began to unbutton
my blouse. Somehow, she knew I was starting to enjoy
the encounter. She then began
rubbbing my tits thru the material.
I felt like I was about to explode. No one
had ever touched me like that, and the feeling was fantastic. Her hand 
then
moved from my tits to my cunt. She could feel thru my undies that I was
starting to get wet down there, and started smiling. Her left hand
proceeded in rubbing against my slit, and her right hand was squeezing my
tit. The double dose of pleasure I was receiving set me over the top, and
I began moaning softly. She then increased her hand speed.
"OHHHHHH, YES, OHH, dont stop..." I moaned..
After about 30 seconds of that, my body began trembling, and I started to 
cum, and cum and
cum!!  My first orgasm shook my body and the feeling was one of pure lust 
and pleasure unlike
anything I ever felt before! I could feel a tingling sensation from head 
to toe, and it felt great!!!!
My twat was flowing with girl juices, and my nipples were like rocks.  
Linda
then put her hand inside my panties, and slipped a finger in my pussy! 
"OH MY GOD", I thought,
as I nearly let out a cry of  pleasure, for the sensation was maddening! 
"You're tight!", she said,
as she started working that finger inside my twat, sending waves of 
fantastic pleasure thru my
body! Her tempo picked up, and pretty soon I was
having another awesome orgasm. By this time, I was getting VERY aroused,
my face was flushed, and my pussy was soaking wet.... Linda
then pulled up my bra, exposing my tits. Her hands grabbed my nipples,
squeezing and twisting them, making them ever more erect. She started
kissing my neck, working her way down to my tities. She then took my left
nipple in her mouth, making me gasp for air!!! All this while the other 
girls
were sitting around outside, grinning. I felt ashamed, standing there, 
with all these
people thinking about me, while I was being fucked by another girl! But 
my brain
was too overwhelmed with pleasure to think about anything else. She then
pulled off  my skirt and my soaked panties, and whispered in my ear:
"Spread your legs." I complied, and she knelt down in front of me.
Her fingers opened my tight cunt, and she started working her tounge
in and out of my slit. I couldn't believe I was just sitting there,
getting my pussy licked by some girl I didn't even know, and was enjoying
myself!!! Her tongue kept darting in and out of my cunt, licking up my 
juices,
bringing me closer and closer to another orgasm. Sometimes,
she would grab my clit with her teeth, and slowly
pull back. "Ohhh!! YES! AHH!" I would cry. My body was trembling
continously from the many  orgasms that followed. I was breathing very 
hard,
and my heart was pounding like it was about to jump out of my chest. She
only stopped when the bell rang. Thank God, cause I thought I was gonna 
pass
out right there. She stood up, licked her lips of my juices, and asked:
"Did  you like that?"
I barely nodded yes.
"See you around kid", she said, as she was leaving. I didn't say 
anything.
Linda and her crew left, and I cleaned myself up and went to class.


