Archive-name: Casual/lib2s.txt
Archive-author: Evan Larsen
Archive-title: Summer Encounter


    Her  legs  were long and tan.   The kind of legs that  go  on
forever.   She  had  dark  curly  hair  that  cascaded  past  her
shoulders.   Her round, firm ass rippled when she moved as though
it  had a life of its' own.   She looked like walking sex,  and I
knew that I wouldn't be satisfied until I was lying between those
golden thighs.
    It was a real killer of a day,  about 90 degrees,  and humid.
I had been working in old Mrs. Harrisons' garden all morning when
I  decided to take a walk and relax for a while.   I have my  own
landscaping business so nobody tells me when I can, or can't take
a  break.   That's  the way I like it.   I guess I was  a  little
sweaty,  and  alot dirty,  but I really needed a breather  before
going back to work.
    I spotted her just as I entered the park.   She was about ten
yards  ahead of me,  and I increased my stride to catch  up  with
her.   As I closed the gap between us, I was able to get a better
look at her.   She had a soft sensual mouth,  and great big hazel
eyes.   Her  full  breasts pushed against the thin fabric of  her
blouse,  and I could see the outline of her hard nipples.   Nice!
Real  nice.   She glanced at me,  and I gave her one of  my  best
smiles.  I've been told I'm kind of good looking in a rugged sort
of way, and I just hoped she liked the earthy type.
     Well,  like I said,  I was pretty grimy from working in that
garden all morning,  but somehow it didn't seem to matter to her.
She stopped walking and smiled back at me.
     "Hello,  I'm  Rhonda Banks." She said,  extending her  hand.
Her  voice  was like velvet.   "I've seen you in the  neigborhood
before.  You're from Eddie's Landscaping aren't you?"
     I  took her outstreached hand in mine.   She had  long  cool
fingers, and her touch seemed electric.  I felt my pulse quicken.
"That's  right,"  I said,  "I'm Ed Landon"  We stood there for  a
minute,  and  I could feel the sparks fly between us.   Then  she
stepped a little closer,  and looked right into my eyes. When she
spoke again, her voice had a breathless little catch to it.
    "I  feel like a nice cool shower," she said,  "why don't  you
come home and join me?"  She didn't have to ask me twice.
     We  walked to a well-kept building right around  the  corner
from  where I'd been working.   Her apartment was nice and  cool.
She had her air conditioner turned on high, and it felt real good
inside.   She  must  have been turned-on high  too,  because  she
didn't  waste much time showing me around the place.  Instead she
took my hand, and led me into a huge bathroom.
     She was standing directly in front of me, and I could almost
smell  her excitement.   Slowly she began to unbutton  my  shirt,
running  her cool fingers all over my chest.   Her  feather-light
touch  sent  shivers through my body.   I felt  my  cock  stiffen
against  my jeans.   She smiled at me,  and slowly reached up and
took off her blouse.   She had full,  round, perfect breasts, and
as I ran my hands over them, I could feel her nipples harden with
anticipation.   I pulled her close, and kissed her roughly on the
mouth,  crushing my lips against hers.  I could feel the heat  of
her body as she pressed herself against me.   We quickly took off
the  rest of our clothes,  and tossed them in a heap.   Then  she
turned on the water,  and we both stepped inside the large shower
stall.
     The  spray caressed her sleek,  sexy body,  and she  relaxed
under  it in sensual pleasure.   I just stood there a minute  and
watched her.   She was tan all over, and her pussy was covered in
a  soft  brown silk that I ached to touch.  She was  sensational.
"Come here,  Baby!"  I said hoarsely.   She stepped right into my
arms and kissed me.  I felt her tongue exploring my mouth.  I ran
my  hands down her back and kissed her hungrily.   Then I  kissed
her  neck and her shoulders,  working my way down to her tits  as
the  water  washed over us both.  My hands caressed her  inch  by
inch.   As  I  kept kissing and licking her,  she began  to  make
little moaning sounds.  Finally my hand found her cunt, and I dug
my finger inside.
      "Suck me there.....Oh,  please Ed!"  She gasped.   "Suck my
pussy!"   I knealt down on the shower floor and  started  licking
her cunt.   "Right there..   Oh God!"  She moaned,  spreading her
legs wider.   I grabbed her ass roughly, and sucked her clit into
my  hungry mouth,  probing it with my tongue.   Her juices  mixed
with  the  water  to  form  the best drink  I  had  ever  tasted.
"Harder!"  She pleaded.   "Suck me harder!"  I sucked her clit so
hard  she should have screamed in pain.   Instead she twined  her
fingers through my hair and moaned even louder.  This was one hot
lady!  I stuck my finger deep in her pussy, all the while sucking
her  throbbing clit.   She cried out,  spasams shaking  her  body
again and again.   "Oh Eddie,  you're so good. So, so good."  She
shuddered.
     After a while she reached for the soap and began to wash me.
I  stood up and closed my eyes,  enjoying the feel of those soapy
hands all over my body.  Too soon, we rinsed off, and stepped out
of the shower.   The bathroom was all steamy,  and she opened the
door to air it out.   Then she handed me a big towel and  smiled.
"Would  you  like a drink?"  She asked,  putting on a white  silk
robe.  "I have some wine on ice."
     "Sure," I answered.   "That sounds good."  She took my  hand
and led me into her bedroom.
     "Why  don't  you wait here and get comfortable?"  She  said.
"I'll go get the wine."  Now that sounded even better!
     She  had a king size bed with lots of throw pillows  on  it.
They   were  the  kind  you  collect  from  different  places  as
souvineers.  When she came back I asked her about them.  "Oh, I'm
a buyer for a department store."  She said,  handing me my  wine.
"I have to travel alot,  and I like to collect them from each new
place I visit," she laughed.
     The silk robe she had put on really set off her creamy skin.
She  was  one fantastic looking lady,  and I told  her  so.   She
smiled  at me,  and started to blush.   I sat down on the bed and
enjoyed  the  effect  my compliment had on  her.  With  her  face
scrubbed  clean,  and that blush of pleasure on her  cheeks,  she
looked  like a little girl.   After a moment,  she put  down  her
glass and walked slowly towards me.
     You  know,  Ed," she confided,  "I've had my eye on you  for
weeks now.   In fact, I've wanted you to make love to me from the
first moment I saw you!"  I looked up at her, amazed.  I couldn't
belive  what  I  was hearing.   "I would pass by while  you  were
working," she said,  stepping close to me,  "but you'd be so busy
that  you would never notice me at all.   I'd watch you  all  the
time!   When  it got too hot....  you would take your shirt off."
She said,  running her hands along my shoulders.   "You looked so
sexy  working  out there in the sun....  getting all  sweaty  and
dirty.   I  wanted you to take me right then and there!" She  dug
her fingers into my shoulders.  "I wanted you to throw me down on
the  ground and tear my clothes off!"   She  said,  huskily.   "I
wanted  you  to fuck me right there in the dirt...  shoving  your
cock deep inside me.....  not caring if anyone could see us," she
breathed.   "I wanted you to fuck me until I begged you to  stop,
and then... I wanted you to fuck me some more!"
     My  breath  caught  in my throat!   I could  almost  see  us
rolling around on the ground, devouring each other.  Oblivious to
anyone who might be passing by.  Just thinking about it got me so
hot I could hardly stand it.   My temples pounded.  I had to have
her!
     With  trembling fingers,  I opened her robe and slid it  off
her shoulders.  I started sucking her breasts, cupping them in my
hands,  and I felt the nipples harden in my mouth.  Then I parted
her legs and began massaging her pussy,  thrusting my finger into
her wetness.   She threw her head back and moaned.   My prick was
getting harder by the second.   I wanted her so bad I could taste
it. Suddenly she knealt down in front of me.
     "You're so incredibly big!"  She said, taking the head of my
prick  in  her mouth.   She worked her tounge around me in a  way
that  sent waves of pleasure through my body.   Then she  started
sliding her mouth up and down,  all the while flicking her tongue
in fast little circles.   She was making excited little noises as
she  sucked me deep in her throat.   My cock was rigid,  and  her
tongue was driving me crazy.  The pleasure was so intense, I felt
like  I was going to explode!   Not yet!   Not  yet,  I  thought,
struggling  to control myself.   I grabbed her roughly and  threw
her down on the bed.
     "I'm  going fuck you!"  I said,  spreading her legs open and
climbing between them.  This was where I wanted to be...  Where I
had to be!   I took my cock in my hand and slowly guided it  into
her.   She  was  sweet and tight,  and she gasped when  my  prick
entered  her snug little pussy.   I stopped to let her catch  her
breath,  and  then I began ramming it little by little until  she
had taken my whole rod deep inside her.   Her eyes went wide.   I
felt her pull me even deeper as she wrapped those long sleek legs
around my hips.  "You feel so good inside me!"  She breathed.
     We started moving to our own beat; slowly at first, and then
faster.   Me thrusting in and out, and her rising to meet me.  We
meshed  together  in perfect rythmn,  and I felt as though I  was
born to fuck her!   "Harder, Ed, fuck me harder!"  She commanded.
I  started  ramming her so hard it lifted her body off  the  bed.
"Oh  yes,  that's it!"  She gasped.   Slowly,  I pulled  my  cock
almost  all the way out,  so that just the tip of it was  resting
against  her.  Desperatly  she tried to pull my cock  inside  her
again.   Her eyes pleaded with me.   I teased her like this for a
moment  longer  before I complied and plunged all the  way  back,
even harder than before.   Again I did it,  and then again.   She
arched  her back and moaned as each thrust inflamed her more than
the last. She felt like silk and fire inside as she moved with me
faster  and faster.  Then I reached over and shoved one of  those
throw pillows under her ass, bending her legs all the way back so
that I could angle even deeper into her.  "No,  Eddie.   I  can't
take it that way,  you're too big!"  She cried as I forced myself
deep inside her.
     "Sure you can,  Rhonda!  Sure you can."  I whispered.  I was
too far gone to stop now!   "Feel how good it is... feel how deep
I am.  Feel it!"  I chanted slamming myself into her.
     "Yes,  oh it's good,!"  She moaned.   I could feel her pussy
squeeze   my  cock  even  tighter  as  she  started  heaving  and
thrashing.   I felt my balls beginning to tighten,  and I knew  I
wouldn't be able to hold back much longer.
     "That's right!"  I said urgently, grinding my hips into her.
"Come  with me,  Baby,  come with me."  I felt her orgasm  begin,
cunt  pulsating  all around me.   I heard her scream something  I
couldn't  understand,  and with a final thrust,  I  plunged  deep
inside her.  I came with a force I didn't think possible, and the
spasams  shook  us violently.   She dug her nails into  my  back,
moaning  and sobbing her pleasure.   I lay down beside her on the
bed,  kissing her again and again.  She clung to me as though she
was part of me, and we held each other like that for a long, long
time.
     I  must have dozed off for a few minutes,  because all of  a
sudden I felt her cool hands gently caressing my prick.  I opened
my eyes slowly, and looked at her.  She had moved down on the bed
so that her head was level with my belly,  and she was smiling as
she  played with me.   Soon her hands were covered with our  cum.
Deliberately she began to sucked her fingers one by one.
     Watching her,  I felt a wave of desire hit me.   She knew it
too, and she looked me right in the eyes as she slowly licked her
fingers clean.  Then she began kissing and licking at the insides
of my thighs, and at last she took my rapidly hardening cock into
her  hot mouth.   I felt myself getting bigger and bigger  inside
her, forcing her lips apart.  Soon I filled her mouth completely,
and she sucked on my engorged cock with obvious pleasure.   After
a  while she slid that moist little tongue all around  my  balls,
sending  shock waves through me.   Gently she drew each ball into
her mouth,  sucking on them one at a time.  I closed my eyes  and
drew  in  my breath sharply.   The pleasure was almost too  much.
She  licked up and down that big rod of mine and finally took  me
deep  into her mouth once more.   Her head moved back  and  forth
faster  and  faster!   I felt like my cock was the center  of  my
life,  and I groaned in pleasure as she worked on me,  fucking me
with her mouth.   She was fantastic!   I was hotter than I'd ever
been before, and I was rapidly losing control.
     As  she  felt me starting to come,  she reached  around  and
quickly spread the cheeks of my ass.  Before I could protest, she
inserted  a finger up my asshole,  twisting and pushing until  it
was  all the way in.   I've never felt anything like it!   As she
applied more pressure,  the combination of pain and pleasure  was
unbelievable.   My  balls began to contract,  and I felt like the
top of my head was coming off  "My GOD!"  I yelled,  hoarsely, as
I came in violent spurts.   The force of it nearly lifted me  off
the  bed.   Quickly she grabbed my still pumping cock in her hand
and squeezed,  milking me even more.  She swallowed as much of my
cum as she could while it was still spurting out of me,  and then
she began licking the rest of it off my throbbing prick until she
had  sucked me clean.   She was insatiable!   I was so  sensitive
after  that  shattering  orgasm,  that the  pleasure  was  almost
unbearable!   I  heard  someone moaning in the  distance,  and  I
suddenly realized it was me...
     I just lay there for a while trying to catch my  breath.   I
knew  I  had been given the best head of my  life!   "Oh  Rhonda,
baby,"  I groaned, when I could finally talk, "you're fantastic!"
She smiled with pure satisfaction,  and snuggled in my arms.   We
just lay like that for a while, contented and spent.
     A  short  time later,  I started to get up.   "I  guess  I'd
better  be getting back to work."  I said,  not really wanting to
go.   I  felt like I'd been rung out to dry,  but I still  didn't
want to leave this sensational lady.
     "I'll  let  you go," she said with a  sexy  smile,  "if  you
promise  to  come  back tonight so we can pick up where  we  left
off!"
     I  was just about to tell her that she had a  deal,  when  I
remembered   her  steamy  fantasy  about  fucking  in  the  dirt.
Thinking about it really turned me on, and incredibly, I felt the
excitement  building  in  me again.   "I'd  love  to  come  back,
Rhonda," I said,  kissing her.  "I'll tell you what, though, just
to  make  sure that I don't forget,  why don't you come  down  to
where  I'm  working a little later,  and tap me on the  shoulder?
I'll  be around the corner today...  in that big secluded  garden
set  back  from the road."  I said,  looking meaninfully  in  her
eyes.
     A  slow,  knowing smile came to her lips.   "I'll be  there,
Eddie," she said,  her voice husky with desire.   "You can bet on
it!"


--
