                                Chapter One

        Sally Stewart was standing at the bedroom window, looking out at
the threatening sky.  She had just taken a bath and was wearing only a
frilly, semi-transparent dressing gown, the lush curves of her voluptuous
body visible through the clinging, silken material.
        Her husband, Jordan, was changing his clothing across the room.  As
he dropped his trousers, he gazed at his sexy wife, outlined in the window,
and his cock began to stiffen.
        "I hope the storm holds off until Mary gets here," Sally remarked,
looking dubiously at the dark clouds whipping across the sky.
        The Stewart family lived in an old, rambling country house and
Sally's sister, Mary, was coming to spend the weekend with them.  Sally
hoped that she got there before the storm broke, making driving difficult
at best and possibly washing out the rural road.  She was really looking
forward to her younger sister's visit.  Sally and Mary, as well as being
siblings, had always been very, very good friends.
        Lots better friends than her husband knew.

                                - - - - -

        Jordan paused, naked, about to step into his pants and then
halting.  He looked down at his rising cock and grinned wryly.  Then he
looked at Sally again.  The silk gown was molded to the heart-shaped sweep
of her splendid ass and fell like a waterfall from her heavy breasts.  The
twin peaks of her nipples poked out stiffly.
        He moved silently toward her, cock first.
        A lightning bolt shot across the leaden sky, thunder crashed and
the electric lights flickered.
        "Oh dear-I hope we have enough candles," Sally said, not yet aware
that her husband was stalking her, his prick out before him like the prow
of a ship.
        His cockhead was hot now, glowing like a lightbulb.  If they didn't
have any candles, he thought, with a lewd grin, he could always light the
way with his cock.
        Sally leaned on the window sill, and as she did so her slender ass
hiked up invitingly.
        Jordan lifted the hem of her dressing gown and pressed his stiff
cock against the cheek of her ass.
        "Ummmm," she sighed, automatically, rubbing back against that
smoking hot prick.  It felt like a branding iron searing her smooth, firm
flesh.
        He dipped at the knees and his iron-hard prick slid down the crack
of her ass and then probed into her crotch, the tip already starting to
drip.  Trickles of milky pre-cum ran down the insides of her thighs.
        "Oh, Jordan-the kids-" she protested.
        They had two teenaged children.  Roger was blessed with his daddy's
physique, and Tabetha-known as Tabby-was nubile, already showing signs that
she would take after her curvaceous mother.
        "It's okay-they're downstairs," Jordan grated.  "We've got time for
a quick knee trembler, honey."
        Sally smiled, seeing her image smile, reflected in the darkening
glass of the window.  Sally had never been known to turn down a fuck.
        "Not to quick," she whispered.
        Jordan chuckled, delighted as always by his insatiable wife's
appetite for cock.  Sally hiked her ass higher and braced her hands on the
window ledge, grinding her hips.  Jordan dipped a bit lower so that his
cock was angled up, the fat knob nudging into her juicy pussy.
        She wriggled and squirmed, purring with pleasure.  Jordan made his
cock muscles jerk and the swollen head flared thrillingly in her soaking
pussy.
        He didn't shove it up her yet, enjoying the preliminary contact and
stirring the heated slab of his cockhead around in her creamy cunt.  He
nuzzled her neck and nibbled lovingly at her ear.  She was all scented from
her bath oils and, he could detect the pungent fragrance drifting up out of
her hot, wet pussy.
        Thighs starting to tremble, Jordan inched a bit more prick up into
her cunt.  Her pink pussy lips sucked and his wedge-shaped knob vanished
inside.  The pliable folds collared his thick stalk just below that
throbbing hunk of purple cockhead.  He could feel her swollen clit pulse
against his cockstalk.
        He held her by the hips and very slowly sank his long prick up into
her pussy.  Sally whimpered, starting to pant like a bitch in heat.  Her
whole lush body was beginning to vibrate as he fed his cock deeper into her
loins.
        With a sudden jolt, he buried his cock balls-deep into Sally's
smoldering pussy.  Her ass tilted up and she tightened her grip on the
window sill, rising up onto her tiptoes as his huge prick stuffed her to
the brim.
        Jordan held the full penetration for a few moments, savoring the
pleasure of having every inch of his smoking cock enveloped in wet,
clinging pussy and letting Sally enjoy the feeling of having her cunthole
stuffed to the core.
        His bloated balls were wedged into her groin and his knob flared in
the depths.  She moaned, feeling that fiery prick pulse.  It was as if she
had a lump of red hot iron smoldering away in her cunt, while his iron hard
cockstalk was pumping like a heated crowbar in the tunnel.
        She took one hand away from the window ledge and reached down into
her vee, fondling his balls.  She squeezed gently, feeling his cum load
slosh around inside them.
        Jordan's hands slid up her flanks and encircled her torso, cupping
the heavy globes of her tits.  Her nipples swelled in his palms as he
kneaded the tit mounds.  Then he pulled on those stiff peaks, tantalizing
her.
        Now, with a cuntful of big cock and the happy prospect of a load of
hot, thick juice from those swollen balls, Sally didn't give a damn if the
kids were listening or not--didn't even care about her sexy sister's
arrival.  She began to jerk up and down, frigging her cunthole on his
towering cock even before he started to hump.
        "Fuck-fuck-fuck-" she wailed.
        Her shapely ass churned and her gently rounded belly pumped.  Her
hips were working like pistons.  She had an hourglass figure and lust was
running through that figure like the sands of time.
        Jordan groaned as her talented pussy went to work on his buried
cock.  The inner rings contracted, running up his prick, rippling from root
to knob.  It felt as if she had a fist inside her belly, frigging him off.
        He began to feed the cockmeat to her furiously then, whipping his
cock out until only the fat head was lodged in her pussy, pausing for an
instant, then shoveling back in to the hilt.  His balls swung in and out
like the clappers of a hairy bell, rolling up into her bushy cunt mound on
the in-stroke, whacking against her with a dull, solid sound.
        Sally met him counterpoint.  Thighs tensing, she rose onto her toes
as he withdrew.  Then she dropped her cunt down onto his prick as he
plunged up and in.
        "Ohhhhh-oooooh-" she gasped, in rapture, feeling his thick prick
fill her cunt, hearing that heated rod hiss in and out of her.  Her pussy
flooded with juice and as his fat cock filled her, the pearly nectar
bubbled from her cunt and dribbled down her legs.  His swinging balls were
drenched with her seepage.
        Jordan pounded in, rising towards the blissful crest, his load set
to erupt.  Sally corkscrewed down, stuffing her pussy onto his prick,
taking it as far up into her cunt as the long cock would reach.
        Dimly, through misty eyes, she was aware that the storm had broken.
 Lightning flashed like orgasms and thunder rumbled like rutting bulls.
        The lights flickered again.
        Sally's eyelashes were flickering, too.  She felt as if that wild
storm was raging inside her loins.  Rain slashed at the windowpane and ran
down the glass and Sally's cunt juices ran down her sleek thighs in a
torrent of its own.
        Jordan grunted like a beast and she felt his plunging prick expand
and jolt savagely.
        "Yeah-yeah-cum in me, darling!" she wailed.
        Cumming herself, the horny woman yearned to feel his hot jism hose
her creaming cunt.
        "Here it comes, honey!" he rasped.
        He slammed his cock into her cunt and his balls exploded violently.
 His fuckjuice came rocketing up through his prick and spurted into her
cunt core, hot and thick as melted lead.  Sally jerked spasmodically as he
pumped in, hosing her with spurt after spurt.  She could feel each jet as
it spilled out into her melting pussy, and each time he pumped more cum
into her, her pussy creamed again.
        As last he faltered, his balls slack and drained.  His strokes
slowed and became jerky, then stopped and he clung, panting, to her
shoulders.
        Sally squirmed around on his spend cock for a few more moments,
working her own cumming off.  Then, smiling blissfully, she lay her head
back on his shoulder, purring.
        "What a lovely fuck," she sighed.
        Jordan grinned, wobbling a little.  They didn't call them knee
tremblers for nothing.  He drew his cock out and stepped unsteadily back. 
His balls were deflated and his cock looped out from his loins in a meaty
bow, only semi-hard now, but still big and impressive.
        And again the lights flickered and dimmed.

End of Chapter One.

