                                Chapter Two

        Mary's car turned into the drive, headlights faint in the grim,
overcast light.  Sally pulled her dressing gown down and rushed out to
greet her sister.  She hadn't mopped her cunt and a few drops of spunk
glistened on the floor in her wake, like a handful of scattered pearls.
        Jordan stepped up to the window, his prick still looping out half
hard.  The car door opened and Mary jumped out and ran toward the house. 
The rain was coming down so heavily now that she was soaked within a few
strides.  She was wearing a clinging cotton dress with a scooped neckline,
the hem short.  As she ran, her naked, suntanned thighs flashed and her
heavy tits bounced tantalizingly.  The wet cotton was molded to her
delectable body like it had been painted on.  Her big nipples were standing
out like high caliber bullets.
        Like her older sister, Mary was a tawny-blonde with jade green eyes
and a wide, sensual mouth and she was built like a brick shit house, narrow
waisted between the lush mounds of her fat tits and firm, solid haunches. 
Her curvy charms were well-revealed in the damp, skimpy dress.
        It was evident that she wore no bra by the way her nipples stood
out in such prominent peaks, and as her dress plastered to her loins,
Jordan thought that, for an instant, he had seen the shadowed outline of
her hairy vee.
        Jordan's eyes glinted as he stared down at her.  His semi-stiff
cock gave a lurch, then began to snap, rising up to a new hard-on in a
series of jolts.
        He has always had the hots for his sister-in-law and now, as she
vanished under the porch roof, Jordan shook his head and grinned ruefully. 
He stepped back from the window and continued the pleasantly interrupted
act of changing his clothes.  He had some difficulty levering his hard
prick into his pants and it bulged quite obviously in his crotch once it
had been zippered in.  He toyed with the idea of jacking off to reduce the
swelling and lessen the pressure.  But it seemed an awful waste of spunk,
since he had an adorable wife with an ever-ready cunt and he resigned
himself to suffering a stiff cock for awhile, knowing that his wife would
want to spend some time chatting with her sister before she was available
to empty his balls into again.  Jordan was thinking that the next time he
fucked Sally, he would make believe he was fucking her sister.
        Mary came in, dripping, and Sally embraced her.
        Tabby and Roger came into the hallway to say hello to their
favorite aunt and she looked them over, seeming surprised at how much they
had grown and matured since her last visit.  Roger was a handsome young man
now, his tight-fitting jeans proof that he was well hung in denim
bas-relief.  Tabby had become a very sexy and nubile teenager, with the
sort of body that must have already inspired countless handjobs as the boys
in her class at school pumped away and pretended that their flying fists
were Tabby's pussy.
        Jordan came down the stairs and the lump in his pants was not lost
on Mary, either, as they greeted one another with an affectionate kiss.
        Then, the welcoming over, Sally said, "You're soaking, Sis-I'll
show you to your room and you can get changed into some dry clothes and
then we can have a nice little talk."
        As she said this, Sally regarded her sister meaningfully and a
faint blush crept over Mary's lovely face.
        Hand in hand, the two voluptuous sisters went upstairs together,
gazing affectionately at one another.  Had they not been sisters, they
would have had the air of lovers, Jordan mused.  But, being sisters, that
was impossible-or so he was inclined to think.
        Jordan went into the study, where he made himself a drink and sat
contemplating his crotch and looking forward to sinking his cock into
Sally's pussy again, while he fantasized that she was her sister.  The load
in his balls was getting heavier with every passing thought.
        Tabby returned to the television room, where she had been watching
a romantic miniseries on the TV and casually playing with her hot little
pussy.
        Roger went upstairs to his own room, planning on giving his potent
young prick a good pounding.  The horny youth had been turned on by the
sight of his sexy aunt with her wet dress so tightly clinging to her ripe
curves, nipples poking out saucily and the vee of her cunt mound faintly
showing through the light cotton material.  When she had kissed him, those
fat tits had brushed against his chest and so much blood had rushed into
his cock that the boy became lightheaded.
        Passing the guestroom, Roger heard his mother and aunt talking and
saw that the door was closed.  He figured they would be occupied-by
conversation, was what he thought-for some time, and it gave the randy lad
an idea.  Instead of going into his own room, he moved silently down to his
parents' bedroom.  He often went there to jerk off when he had the chance. 
He opened the dresser drawer and began to rummage around through his mom's
sexy underwear, looking for some tantalizing bra or bikini panties or
garterbelt that he could wrap around his prick as he beat his cock to foam.
        In the guest room, Mary drew the soaking dress over her head.  She
wasn't wearing anything underneath it.  Her tits stood firm, not needing
support, the nipples standing out like little rosy rockets ready to be
launched.  Her cunt mound was a curly, tangled vee spreading up her lower
belly in a golden filigree.
        Sally gazed at her younger sister's magnificently curved body in
open admiration.  Mary stood as if posing for an audience, smiling
slightly.  Her slender back was arched and her big tits thrust out.
        After a moment, Sally fetched a big, fluffy bathtowel and began to
dry her sister's naked body.  She rubbed her back and flanks, then her
belly.  Mary just stood there, making a faint purring sound, eyes
half-closed.
        Sally dried her tits, feeling the nipples swell under the towel. 
Then she sank to her knees and began to dry Mary's shapely legs, working up
her thighs.
        "There-you're dry now," Sally said, leaning back and looking up at
her sibling's face.
        "Not quite," Mary said.
        Sally raised her eyebrows.
        "I'm still wet between the legs," Mary whispered.
        "Ooooooh," her sister sighed.
        "Wet-and awful hot-" Mary added.
        "It's been so long," Sally moaned.
        "Too long," Mary replied.
        As teenagers, the sisters had shared a bedroom and, in due course,
a bed.  It had started as simply affectionate fondling, moved on to petting
and necking and, finally, they had become incestuous lesbian lovers.
        Neither was a dyke by any means and neither had ever wanted to go
to bed with any other girl, but their sisterly sex had been heavenly.  They
looked a great deal alike and fucking each other was almost like fucking
themselves-mirror imaged in mutual masturbation.  They still looked forward
to being together.
        Sally glanced at the door, then nodded toward the bed, her pretty
face radiant with expectation.
        Mary sighed and moved to the bed, sitting on the edge.  Sally
slipped the dressing gown off and sat beside her.  Twisting from the waist,
they kissed.  It was a far different kiss than they had greeted each other
with in the downstairs hallway.  Their sensual mouths ground together and
they swapped tongues and saliva.  Mary's tongue shot into Sally's lips and
Sally sucked adoringly on it.  Then Sally's tongue flickered into Mary's
mouth, fluttering around as if she were getting it limbered up.  She licked
at Mary's lips as if to demonstrate how that nimble tongue would soon be
stabbing into the woman's steaming pussy.
        They began feeling each other's tits, then arched and rubbed the
firm tit mounds together, nipples brushing.  Their lips locked again and
they panted and whimpered into each other's mouths, rubbing sinuously
together.
        Mary's hand slid down and cupped her sister's bushy cunt mound,
fingers dipping into her crotch.
        "Oooooh-you're soaking," she purred.
        Sally grinned impishly.  "Jordan just finished fucking me when you
arrived."
        "Ummmm-what a yummy thought," the younger sister sighed.  "Can I
suck his cum out of you, Sis?"
        It was a rhetorical question, of course.  The only decision they
ever had to make was who was going to eat out whom first?  Nor did it
matter, for both of these cuntlapping sisters enjoyed both ends of the act
equally.
        Sally dropped her head, blonde hair tumbling, and began to lick and
suck her sister's tits.  She tongued up the deep, smooth cleavage and
nuzzled the taut nipples.  Mary moaned, cradling Sally's face to he tits,
her nipples like detonator caps in Sally's adoring lips.
        After a few minutes, she leaned back and Mary dove on her tits, in
turn.  Both sibling were squirming, getting hotter by the moment.  Their
mouths were drooling and their cunts were steaming.  Their mouths and
pussies were interchangeable, tongues as horny as clits.
        Sally slid from the edge of the bed and sank slowly down to the
floor.  Her hungry face hovered between Mary's thighs and she licked her
lips.  Mary sighed and leaned back, spreading her legs wider.
        For awhile, Sally simply stared at her sister's succulent looking
cunt, her mouth watering heavily as she anticipated that juicy feast. 
Mary's cuntslot was opened into a wide oval, the pink folds fluttering, her
stiff clit standing out like an erect nipple.  She was flooded with
cuntjuice and trickles of the milky nectar were running down her crotch and
seeping into the crack of her ass.
        Sally's nostrils flared as she inhaled the heated fragrance of her
sister's cunt, gazing at it like a hungry child at a candystore window. 
Her tongue felt bloated and tingling, sliding around in a mouthful of
drool.
        Sally was yearning to get her tongue up that creamy cunt, but was
lingering over the approach, like a master chef waiting for the subtle
sauces to blend to perfection.  She blew on Mary's pussy like a girl scout
coaxing a smoldering ember to burst into flames.  More juice bubbled into
the open cunt and lathered Mary's groin.
        Turning her face, Sally licked up the sleek flesh of Mary's inner
thigh, tasting the seepage that had run down that marble column.  She
turned the other way and lapped up Mary's opposite leg, pausing just short
of her crotch.
        Mary rocked back and forth, murmuring and whimpering in
anticipation, eager for her hot-tongued sibling to start working on her
foaming cunt and incandescent clit.  Her own tongue and lips were working,
as if echoing the oral caress she was about to receive.
        The lights dimmed.
        Lightning ran through the sky and flashed at the window, silver
bands running down Mary's quivering body like an external reflection of the
lust running inside her.
        "Suck me-suck my cunt-" she pleaded.
        Sally's tongue slid up the crease where Mary's lush thighs joined
her crotch, lapping alongside her steaming cunt but still not making the
contact for which they were both burning-teasing Mary's clit and her own
tongue.
        "Tonguefuck me, Sis-I'm so fucking hot!"
        Sally moved higher and her wet tongue rustled through her sister's
luxuriant blonde bush like a moist pink rodent scampering through a sunny
thicket.
        Her saliva foamed into Mary's hairy triangle and dribbled down into
her groin.  Mary's cunt was so fiery hot now that her sister's saliva
sizzled and steamed from her cunt.  Her open slot was volcanic, juices
oozing out.
        Mary jerked, tilting her pelvis up, serving her pussy to her
sibling's face like a delicate pink shellfish offered on a hairy tray.
        Sally moaned and ducked down, tongue flashing like the lightning
webbed through the heavens-and in seventh heaven, herself, as she commenced
to feed.
        She licked Mary's throbbing clit and lapped up her soaking
cuntlips, then stabbed her tongue as far up into the smoldering slot as it
would extend.  She began to push it in and pull it out in a frenzied
tonguefucking motion.  Mary squirmed and jolted with the joy of it.
        "Ummmmm-yeah-yeah-that's it-" Mary gasped, grinding her cunt in
Sally's eager face convulsively.
        Sally's hot tongue flailed and flashed as she slurped around
hungrily in her sister's groin.  She rose up for a moment, smiling up at
Mary's lust-twisted face, her lips all creamy.  She shoved her tits in and
massaged them around in Mary's wide spread crotch, her nipples brushing the
other women's clit.  Then she dropped her head back down and started to
munch her sister's cunt again, in a feeding frenzy.
        Mary's trembling thighs clamped around Sally's head in a velvet
vise.  Then she threw them wide apart again, giving Sally her pussy spread
open.
        Sally had been using only her tingling tongue so far, but now she
clamped her parted lips on Mary's cunt and began to suck ravenously.  Her
tawny head turned as she ground her face in the swampy grotto, whimpering
with cuntlapper's ecstasy.  Her lips were plastered to Mary's cuntlips like
a suction cup to a clogged drain and as she suckled on the juicy slot she
shot her tongue in and out of the hole.
        Sally's head jerked like a terrier shaking a juicy rat and Mary
churned on the edge of the mattress, mopping her pussy into her sister's
face frantically.
        Sally slid down lower in Mary's crotch.  Her tongue pushed out and
she began to lap up the overflow that had seeped into the crack of the
younger girl's ass.  Then she started to lick with long, slurping strokes. 
Her tongue dipped into Mary's asscrack, dragged on up through her creamy
slot, flicked across her clit and wound up in her cunt bush.
        "Gonna cum-gonna fucking cream-" Mary wailed.
        Sally glued her mouth to Mary's cunt again.  Her hands moved back
and cupped Mary under the firm cheeks of her ass, lifting her higher, as if
her gooey groin were a brimming goblet she was draining to the sweet dregs.
        Mary's head tipped back, her face twisting from side to side, her
parted lips panting.
        "Cum-cum-cum-" Sally whimpered, yearning to have her sister melt in
her mouth.
        Mary's voluptuous body rippled and vibrated.  Her hot flesh was
glowing in the dim light.  The waves of joy came rushing across her belly
and shooting like electric current up her trembling thighs.
        Her cream spilled onto Sally's tongue and bubbled past her gasping lips.
        Then the lights went out.

End of Chapter Two.

