                                Chapter Three

        Sally needed no light to finish the tasty task-taste, touch and
scent were more than enough.  Her tongue splashed into a tide of juices as
she stabbed it up Mary's slot and her lips sucked hungrily.  Her mouth
filled with cum, she gulped it down, and more flooded her mouth.
        Sally sucked and swallowed, swallowed and sucked.
        Mary cried out as the crashing waves soared to the highest peak,
each spasm rushing upon the next, then merging into one tidal crest.  Her
clit was exploding like a stick of dynamite and her cunt core melted.
        "Ummm-ummmmm-ummmmm," Sally purred, as she ingested the succulent
incest oil.
        Her busy tongue whisked and flailed and her hungry lips gulped and
gurgled.  Mary's cunt was so flooded now that her sister's tongue was
floating as it delved up into her slot, like a raft in a bubbling swamp.
        Her face slid around, coated with cream from forehead to chin. 
Mary shuddered and shook, then dropped back across the bed, gasping.  Her
sister kept on lapping away, licking the platter clean and nursing the last
drops of Mary's hot juice out from the soaking slot.
        "More-don't stop-feed me more-" Sally begged, the words muffled on
cunt and bubbling in the sodden echo chamber of her sister's loins.
        Mary twitched with one last spasm and Sally greedily milked the
final seepage out and drank it with relish.  She licked a bit longer,
gathering up the errant pussy juice that had escaped into Mary's asscrack
and down her thighs.  Then she raised her head, her jaws dripping.
        The lights were out, but the room flashed into alternative
brilliance and darkness as the lightning forked and branched outside the
window.  Mary's lush body glowed like marble as the storm flashed, then
sank into soft shadow.  Sally sat back, licking her drenched lips.
        "Ohhhh-that was lovely," Mary purred.
        "Wanna cream again?" greedy Sally asked.
        She was perfectly happy to spend hours feeding between those golden
thighs.
        But Mary giggled and rasped, "No-not yet.  I wanna do you now, Sis.
 My fucking tongue is so hot that I think it's gonna melt!"
        Sally grinned happily and slid back onto the bed.  She leaned over
her sister, fat tits swinging like overripe fruit ready to be plucked.  She
kissed Mary on the lips and slipped her tongue out, letting Mary whet her
appetite as she tasted her own cum on her sister's tongue.
        "Ummmm-sit on my face, Sis-" Mary sighed.
        She had been sucked off so dynamically that her body felt lazy. 
She wanted to relax there on her back, using only her mouth as Sally rode
in the saddle of her face.
        Sally was about to mount that golden head, but then she paused. 
When she was eating pussy, her head buried, she needed no illumination, but
when her sexy sister was sucking her off, Sally liked to be able to see the
juicy details, the sight of sibling sucking enhancing the sensation.
        "Wait a minute-I wanna get a candle," she said.
        "You gonna fuck me with it?" Mary giggled.
        "I might.  But first I'm gonna light it so I can watch you gobble
my cunt."
        "How romantic," Mary sighed.
        "Yeah-cuntlapping by candlelight!" Sally chirped, and both pussy
eaters laughed.
        But there were no candles in the guest room, so Sally had to go
down to her own bedroom to get one.

                                - - - - -

        "Shit," Jordan mumbled, when the lights went out.
        He sat there, his hard-on hammering away in his pants.  If he took
it out, he figured it would be smoldering so brightly that it would light
the room.  He waited, hoping the electricity would come back on.  If it
didn't, he would have to find a candle.
        He knew there were none in the study, but he remembered there was
one in a candlestick holder in the television room.  He decided he would
wait a few minutes and if the lights stayed off he would grope his way to
that room. 

                                - - - - -

        Tabby was annoyed when the television faded out.  She had been
looking at a particularly handsome actor as she played with her cunt and
had been just about to cum.  She needed to finish the job, but Tabby didn't
like to frig off in the dark.  She always got a real kick out of watching
her cum when it spilled out of her pussy.
        Then she remembered the candle right beside her.  She lit it and a
warm, golden circle of illumination spread out from the burning wick.
        But the angle was wrong.  The candle lighted her face and tits, but
left her crotch in shadow.
        The nubile girl placed the candlestick holder down on the floor,
turning toward it.  That was better.  The soft circle of candlelight
perfectly cast itself onto her slim, sleek thighs and fluffy mound.
        She spread her legs and admired her soaking cunt, feeling really
randy now.  The evocative candlelight was even better than the television,
she figured.
        Gazing at her cunt, she fingered her tits and pulled at her stiff
nipples, enjoying the preliminary caressing.  Cunt juice oozed from her
slot, looking like melted pearls seen by the light of the room.
        The sexy little nymphette sighed and moaned.  She ran her
fingertips up the hot insides of her thighs.  Her cuntslot rippled, opening
into a wide oval and revealing the darker inner lips, all streaked with
nectar.  Her pink clit was standing out like a stump in a swamp.
        She ran a fingertip up her cunt and whimpered.
        She brought that slimy finger up to her mouth and licked at it,
then sucked it into her lips and nursed on it as if it were a little prick.
 Tabby adored the taste of her own cuntjuice and had often wondered what it
would be like to suck off another girl's creaming cunt.  Tabby was
certainly not a lesbian and she wondered why it was that the thought of
giving head to a girl made her so horny?
        It never dawned on her that she might have inherited her
cuntlapping inclinations from her mom.
        Squirming deliciously in the chair, Tabby began to work on her
pussy with both hands.  She stroked her cuntlips and fondled her clit, her
ass and hips jerking sinuously.  Then she tilted her wrist and began to
fingerfuck up into her cunt with one hand while she used the other to pull
and roll the tingling bud of her clit.
        Cunt cream soaked her fingers and pooled up in her palms.  Her
pussy was burning hotter than the candle.  She thought she might blister
her fingers as she shoved them up her volcanic cunt.  She bunched all four
fingers together and frigged in knuckle-deep, wriggling them around inside
her tunnel of lust.
        She drew them out and sucked on them, her tongue sparking as the
delicious flavor of cunt juice soaked into her tastebuds.  Her hand went
down, slathered with saliva and dripped into her pussy.  Then it came back
up to her lips, milky with cunt juice, and slid into her mouth.
        Her clit felt ready to explode.  Enjoying this candlelit handjob so
much, Tabby didn't want to end it too soon.  She neglected her clit for a
moment, concentrating on her steaming cunt.  She spread the pink lips open
wide and shoved her fingers in and out, gasping.
        She couldn't hold it back.
        The depths of her cunt were already starting to dissolve and her
clit felt like a blasting cap.  She frigged in and rubbed the button again.
        "Ohhhhh," Tabby moaned, as lust lanced through her.
        She whipped her ass on the cushion and her heels drummed on the
carpet.  She arched her back, hiking her belly up as her cunt foamed on her
hands.
        Her cunt was melting around her fingers like the wax candle around
the flaming wick.  Her clit went off like a machine gun and each time it
exploded more juice seeped out into her tunnel and poured down the tube,
frothing like soapsuds from her steaming cunt.
        Wave after wave ripped through her and spasm followed spasm through
her belly and groin.  She seemed to hover at the crest for a very long
time, her whole nubile body shaking.  Then, with a moan and a sigh, she
slipped from the peak and sank back into her chair, with a dreamy smile on
her face.
        She rubbed and stroked a bit longer, to make sure she was finished,
then she licked her sticky fingers, finding the flavor of her cum even more
scrumptious than the initial seepage had been.  It was hotter and thicker
and creamier.  Her eyelashes fluttered.  She didn't suppose that she would
ever really get a chance to suck a pussy, but if she did she was damned
well not going to stop until it had creamed in her mouth and she got to
drink the precious cum nectar.  Tabby sucked her fingers clean and lapped
up the milky puddles from her palms like a hungry kitten slurping cream
from a saucer.
        It had been a lovely cum, but the sexy little teenager still felt
randy.  She guessed that maybe she was getting too old to be satisfied by
her own hands.  Maybe it was time that she started fucking, she thought.
        And, at that thought, her pussy flared again, as hot as it had been
before she'd frigged off.
        Tabby grinned, feeling very naughty.
        She decided to frig herself off again.

                                - - - - -

        As Tabby fingered herself downstairs, her brother was in the midst
of a cockmeat-beating session in his parent's bedroom.  Roger had pulled
the dresser drawer out and fingered through the sexy lingerie, seeking a
cum cloth.  He held a pair of fragrant panties up to his face and inhaled
deeply, cherishing the lingering perfume of his mother's crotch.
        He licked a big-cupped bra and rubbed his prick in a pair of nylon
stockings.  His knob was beginning to dribble but with so many erotic
garments from which to choose, Roger couldn't make up his mind where to
spill his spunk.
        He sucked on a bra, pretending it was his mom's tit on which he was
nursing.  He stretched a garterbelt over his cock and twanged it, making
his stiff prick hum.  He licked the narrow crotchband of a pair of lacy
black panties, slobbering into them where they had been pressed to his
mother's pussy.
        Then the house was thrown into darkness.
        But Roger could still see the contents of the drawer as the
brilliant lightning flared at the window.  He bent down and buried his face
into the aromatic undergarments, drooling and sniffing and licking.  Unable
to make a selection, the horny youth decided that he would jack off right
there at the open drawer, pumping his fuckjuice in a milky flood right into
the tangled midst of all that exciting lingerie.  The thought that his mon
would be wearing the stuff, not knowing it was coated by his slime,  drove
him wild.  He imagined her squirming into a pair of those tiny little
panties, drawing the crotchband into the vee of her groin.  His congealed
spunk would liquefy again in the heat of her cunt!  His jism would be
soaking right into his mom's pussy!  She would fit her fat tits into a
bra-and her big nipples would be sliding in his spunk!
        Crazed by his incestuous fantasies, Roger folded his fist around
the hilt of his booming prick and, aiming the knob into the open drawer,
started to jerk off.
        He lean body jerked as he fucked his fist.
        And, standing by the dresser, Roger was silhouetted against the
window, where the lightning repeatedly flashed with such electric violence.
 Anyone standing in the doorway would have seen only his outline, in
profile, against the window.
        Which was just what his mother saw when, looking for a candle, she
entered the room.

End of Chapter Three.

