(c) Copyright 1997 Eros.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.



Filename: LIKEMOM.TXT
Title: Horny Like Mom
Author: Eros




                            HORNY LIKE MOM
                              (by Eros!)

       Pam Fulton and her twin brother, David, had been working for
    several days now, cleaning out the downstairs bedroom.  It had
    belonged to Steve, their older brother. Steve had gone off to
    college, and Pam was eager to get his room, since it was larger than
    hers, and easier to sneak back into the house if she was out too late
    with a boyfriend.

       Dave did most of the heavy lifting and moving, while Pam laid out
    the room's decor.  Being very close, the kids laughed, teased and
    flirted a lot, arguing playfully over the number of times things were
    moved.  Pam was wearing her light blue cutoffs, the ones with holes
    on her ass, and every now and again Dave took great pleasure in
    sliding a finger through to tickle and fondle his sister's tight
    young ass.  At fifteen, Pam had a firm, trim body, and the shorts
    made her ass look round and inviting, even to her brother.

       With her old room empty, Pam and David cleaned the walls and
    windows, then got ready to shampoo the carpet.  They were half way
    through when their mother came in.

       "Hey, great job, kids!", she beamed.

       "Thanks, Mom," they chorused.

       Karen Fulton was almost thirty-six and a mother of three teenage
    children, but she looked much younger.  Pam's friends often
    complimented her on it.  She'd even caught some of David's friends
    staring longingly at her firm ass or tits when they didn't think she
    was looking.  And she couldn't be sure, but Karen thought she had
    even seen David ogling her once or twice.  She didn't mind, if
    anything she was flattered at the attention.  It pleased Karen to
    know that she could still excite adolescent young boys despite the
    age difference. Regular aerobics and a strict vegetarian diet had
    kept her figure just as slim, trim and appealing as the day she
    married, her husband Frank.

       Frank had driven Steve to college, and since it was a long trip,
    he'd decided to stay overnight and return early the next day.
    Already, Karen wished that Frank had taken her advice and let Steve
    take the bus, but Frank wanted some time to talk to Steve so Karen
    relented. She had been feeling particularly horny all day, and now
    that Frank had gone she would deeply miss his presence in her bed
    tonight.

       Even after eighteen years of marriage they enjoyed a regular and
    fulfilling sex life, but Karen found she needed sex at least once a
    day or she became exceedingly randy.  On such occasions she
    masturbated, either with her fingers or the vibrator Frank had bought
    her, but it never really took the place of a hard throbbing cock.

       Karen watched the twins work, and in her present frame of mind she
    couldn't help notice how David's tight young ass nicely filled out
    his shorts.  He had removed his shirt, and his strong chest and thigh
    muscles flexed deliciously as he worked.  Then, Karen noticed the
    considerable bulge in the front of David's tight pants.  Her pussy
    tingled and began to moisten automatically at the alluring sight of a
    hard, male crotch.  For some reason, until now, she hadn't realized
    what a hunk her own son had grown into.

       For a split second, Karen pictured him naked, his stiff young cock
    ready for action...  hot and hard and throbbing.  Just as suddenly,
    guilt washed over her and Karen quickly dismissed the incestuous
    thought from her mind, announcing instead that she was going to do
    some shopping.  It was the only thing that seemed to calm her down
    when she got this horny.

       She asked the twins if they wanted anything from the shops and Pam
    made up a short list of things that they needed.  Windex,
    paper towels, some spot remover, and a new vacuum cleaner bag.  She
    also made a remark that Steve wouldn't recognize his "pig-sty" of a
    room when he came back from college.  Her mother laughed, taking the
    list.

       "I've got to stop at the cleaners too hon. Do you have anything
    that you want taken in?", she asked.

       "Oh, thanks for reminding me.", Pam said, darting downstairs and
    fetching her blue dress. A few minutes later, her mother departed out
    the front door, telling them she'd be back in about an hour.

       Pam squatted down by the rented rug shampoo machine, reading the
    directions on the bottle of soap.  She had just finished reading when
    David's hands slid around her and cupped her firm, full breasts in
    his hands.  She let him feel her up for a few seconds, pretending
    that nothing was happening.  It was only when Dave slid a hand down
    to the crotch of her shorts and began to rub his fingers over her
    cuntmound that Pam finally pulled away.

       "Stop it, Dave!  I'm your sister for chrissakes!", she said in
    mock anger, but the sly little smile on her face told her brother how
    much she had enjoyed his hands on her sexy young body.  From past
    experience, Dave knew his sister was perpetually horny.  He'd spied
    on her and her boyfriends since they were fourteen, and seen enough
    to know that Pam had ceased to be a virgin long ago. In fact, she had
    a reputation at school for putting out at the drop of a hat.... or
    pants for that matter.

       As always, the thought of his sexy twin sister throwing her long
    creamy legs wide for half the boys at school excited him....
    unfortunately he wasn't getting any of it.  Pam went through
    boyfriends like clean underwear, (or was that the other way around),
    and right now she was between laundry deliveries.  She hadn't been
    out on a date for two weeks, and Dave knew she must be horny as
    hell... he could smell it on her.  Like her mother, Pam needed sex
    daily or she went apeshit. Dave smiled. He'd had the hots for his
    sexy sister for some time now... this might be his chance to try
    something on with her.

       "Getting any lately, Sis?", he teased, putting his arm around her
    shoulder.

       "More than you are, nerd!" she countered, shrugging him off.

       "Aw, don't be like that, Sis!", said Dave.  He stood directly in
    front of her so that Pam could see the huge bulge in the crotch of
    his pants.

       "Christ, Dave!", she giggled.  "What have you got stuffed in
    there... three pairs of socks or something?"

       "Nope! It's all me, Sis... all me."

       "I don't believe it!", said Pam, reaching out instinctively.

       Her fingers curled around her brother's semi-hard cock through the
    thin material of his shorts, and she gasped.

       "Jesus, Dave! It IS all you... God!"

       "Yeah! Bigger than Tommy Carson, huh?", snickered Dave, watching
    the surprised expression on his sister's pretty young face.

       "Yeah, much!... ah I mean... um... I wouldn't know, I've
    never...."

       "Yes you have, Sis,", smiled Dave, "and don't try to deny it
    'cause I saw you two at it in the back seat of Tommy's car at the
    drive in one night."

       Pam didn't answer, her eyes were still on her brother's mammoth
    cock bulge, and so were her fingers. Dave moaned as Pam began to
    stroke and squeeze him to a painful erection.  He reached his own
    hand down between her legs and gave his sister's plump little
    cunt-mound a suggestive squeeze.

       "Feel good, Sis?", he murmured.

       "Mmmmmmmmmm!", she nodded. "Take your pants off and let me see
    it".

       "Uhhh, uhhh!", said Dave shaking his head. "You show me yours and
    I'll show you mine." His smile was infectious.

       Pam grinned back at her brother and stood up, removing her shorts.
    What the hell, she thought, even if he was her brother she'd always
    found him kind of cute. Right now, she was really to damn horny to
    care.  Besides, if his cock was half as big as it felt, she was in
    for one hell of a good time. She took off her top too, and stood
    before her brother in nothing but a a pair of tight, silk panties.
    Watching his eyes, Pam skinned her panties off and let them drop
    around her ankles.

       Now it was Dave's turn to gasp. His twin sister was beautiful! All
    the times he had spied on her, it was from a distance, or in the
    dark. Now Pam stood before him naked, her gorgeous firm tits pointed
    right at him, and her little blonde cuntslit poking out from between
    her perfect thighs.

       "Now you," she murmured, eyeing off the huge bulge in her brother's
    pants. "I want to see it, Dave."

       Dave couldn't remove his clothes fast enough, and in a flash he
    stood naked before his horny sister. Pam reached out and grasped his
    cock. It was huge!  Much bigger than any of her boyfriends had ever
    been.  She wondered why she hadn't noticed the size of her brother's
    cock before. Dave placed one hand on his sister's naked pussy and
    fondled her small conical tits with the other. In no time, they were
    both panting for breath.  Dave's fingers were sloshing around in
    Pam's aroused little cunt and she was pumping her fist up and down
    his raging erection like there was no tomorrow.

       "Fuck me, Dave!", she moaned, breathing hotly into her brother's
    ear. "Ohhhhh, I want you to fuck me, quick!"

       Dave picked his sister up and lay her on the couch. He didn't
    waste time with preliminaries, they both new that their mother would
    be back any minute.  Besides, the sudden incestuous lust each felt
    for the other was urgent and overwhelming.  Quite simply, Dave had a
    load of hot steamy cum with his sister's name on it, and Pam couldn't
    wait for him to give it to her.

       Spreading her long tanned legs wide, Dave positioned his prick at
    the entrance of his sister's gaping cunthole and pushed inside.
    Surprisingly, his huge, bloated cockshaft slid in easily, and within
    seconds Dave was plunging rapidly in and out of Pam's hot, juicy
    young quim.  Pam's legs were locked around his waist, pulling her
    bother into her as he fucked her.

       Sweating in the late August heat, they both moaned loudly as their
    thrusts swept them along, urging them to move faster and faster.  Pam
    felt her climax arrive, and her pussy clamped down on David's thick
    cock. She moaned loudly, gripping him with her legs. David thrust
    once, twice, then stabbed his sister with his long thick shaft,
    moaning and spurting his thick hot semen deep inside her. Quivering,
    they lay motionless for several long minutes, still joined, basking
    in the warm afterglow of a quick, but mutually satisfying fuck.

       The sound of their mother's car in the driveway startled them and
    they quickly parted, Dave's semi-hard cock leaving his sister's
    creamy cunthole with an audible slurp.  They grabbed their clothes
    and took off.  David dashed to the downstairs bathroom, right outside
    Pam's new bedroom, and Pam scurried into the upstairs bath, feeling
    her brother's warm cum squish between her cuntlips and run down her
    lean young thighs.

       David dressed quickly, using a wet washcloth to remove most of
    Pam's pussy juice from his genitals.  He left the bathroom and picked
    up the window cleaner and a rag, pretending to be finishing up in the
    lower bedroom.  Their mother came in and saw David emerge, cleaner
    and paper towels in hand.  She asked him to help her carry in the
    load of items from the car, which David did.  He worried about his
    mother getting too close to him, as she seemed to be doing, fearing
    she'd be able to detect the scent of his sister's pussy on him.

       Pam emerged downstairs and carried in the remaining items.  She
    and David exchanged knowing looks...looks that said; "What a close
    call that was!", and "I hope Mom doesn't suspect anything!" After
    carrying in the bags, Pam and David returned upstairs, using the
    shampoo machine to clean the carpet.  David worked the machine, and
    Pam went downstairs to straighten up her room a little, and try to
    organize some of the mess.

       After dinner, the three of them watched TV for a while. Pam and
    David giving each other hot little glances whenever their mother
    wasn't looking. Karen didn't notice a thing, except that maybe her
    kids were suddenly not fighting like cats and dogs as they usually
    did, but she put that down to being tired after a busy day.

       Feeling a little tired herself, Karen went to bed early, leaving
    Pam and David on the couch watching TV. As soon as their mother's
    bedroom door closed, David reached out and ran his hand up his
    sister's leg, cupping Pam's hot cuntmound through the tight crotch of
    her shorts.

       "Feel like another fuck, Sis?", he whispered, giving his sister a
    lewd grin.

       "Don't be so disgusting!", snapped Pam, but she made no move to
    take her brother's exploring hand from her crotch.

       Dave began to rub his sister's steamy cunt through her shorts. He
    located her clit and concentrated on stimulating her as quickly as
    possible before she protested too much. From a long succession of
    easy girlfriends, he knew that once you got a girl like Pam hot
    enough, she'd do almost anything and Pam was getting hotter by the
    minute. He kissed her neck and whispered in her ear.

       "Come on Sis, let's fuck! I know you want it!"

       "Nooooo, Dave!" murmured Pam, "We can't with Mom in the house."

       "Why not?" countered her brother. "Steve's room has a lock and
    it's downstairs so Mom won't hear a thing."

       "It's my room now, not Steve's, remember!", Pam said wiggling her
    ass around on the couch as Dave's fingers massaged her moistening
    young cunt. Her legs were spread wide now, giving her brother
    complete access to her squirming sex.

       "I don't care whose room it is," whispered Dave, nibbling his
    sister's earlobe. "You're as horny as I am, Sis! Let's go fuck!"

       Pam reached out and squeezed her brother's cock-bulge through his
    jeans, clearly impressed with the size and hardness of it.

       "Okay, I guess we'd better, brother dear," she grinned, "before
    that monster busts right out of your jeans!"

       Dave followed his sister down the stairs and into her new room.
    Once inside, they embraced, kissing passionately and letting the
    incestuous excitement of the moment arouse them.  Pam led David to
    the bed, and began unzipping her brother's jeans. David kicked off
    his shoes, and she slid his jeans off, folding them neatly and
    placing them under his shoes by the bed.  David's shirt followed.
    David, in turn, removed Pam's white T-shirt, and her tight shorts,
    feeling the heat from her loins as he removed her moist panties.  Pam
    knelt in front of David and began sucking on his stiff shaft.

       She licked her brother's balls and rubbing his cock all over her
    face. They both strained to keep their voices down, and to listen for
    sounds of their mother coming down the stairs. Fortunately, the
    stairs creaked loudly in several places.  Pam made loud slurping
    noises as she sucked on her brother's cock-meat, noises that usually
    only occur with a very large mouthful of prick.  Pam even pushed her
    breasts up between his legs, caressing his balls with her button-hard
    nipples.

       Pam looked sexily up at her brother and whispered softly. "Come in
    my mouth, David."

       Her lips sank back down over his thick shaft, sucking him as far
    as she could.  David moaned softly, feeling his cock swelling and
    straining to fire into her velvety mouth.  Pam removed the throbbing
    shaft and licked it, smiling up at her brother's reaction. David
    looked down, seeing his pretty blonde sister's eyes sparkle and her
    tongue lapping his cock.  It was all he could take. Pam was licking
    up the length of his warm shaft.  Just as her tongue brushed the
    glans, David's thick, hot sperm gushed out, the thick shaft throbbing
    mightily in her small hand.

       The spurting cum landed on the side of Pam's face with a warm, wet
    splat, and she quickly slid his cock back into her mouth. Another
    spurt sent his warm, salty jism splashing against the back of her
    throat, and she swallowed in reflex.  Another squirt followed and Pam
    held this one in her mouth, savoring the hot, salty taste of her
    brother's sperm.  Pam finished by holding David's cock to her chest
    and milking the last of his cum onto her tits with her hands.  David
    looked down at his sister, and she giggled quietly.  She looked back
    at him, an impish gleam in her eye.  Her tongue licked her lips, and
    she let a little sperm trickle down from the corner of her mouth
    before licking it back up, then swallowing noisily. Pam licked
    David's cock off and then knelt on the floor, showing him her
    succulent ass.

       "Fuck me doggy-style, David!", she pleaded, wiggling her perfect
    little butt at her brother.

       David wasted no time, sliding his pole between his sister's legs
    he began to move in and out of her slippery pussy, reaching around to
    massage his sperm into her tits. Faster and faster they went, with
    Pam biting her hand to keep from moaning out loud.  Dave fucked his
    sister hard, her body swaying, her tits brushing the soft carpet, and
    the only sounds were their harsh breathing and the soft noises of her
    wet pussy slurping around his slippery cock.  In no time at all,
    David shuddered and lunged forwards, lodging himself deep up inside
    her belly. His cock pulsed and jerked, spewing out another load of
    thick creamy cum, this time way up inside his sister's cunt.  Pam
    moaned softly in a high pitched voice, quivering as his cum poured
    into her.  They rested for a few minutes, with Pam on the floor under
    him, until their breathing slowed.

       Pam's tightened her pussy around her brother's thick cock, feeling
    his semi-hard shaft twitch and slither in her soaked pussy. She
    rolled over and sucked David's cock, tasting her own juices mixed
    with his cum. She licked and sucked while he knelt above her, and she
    licked from his anus to under his balls, bringing him rapidly to
    hardness again.  Pam rolled over onto her stomach and arched her
    tight ass up, reaching around to spread her cheeks.  She felt so
    dirty doing all these deliciously depraved things with her own
    brother, but it excited her beyond belief.

      "Fuck my ass," Pam whispered.

       She wondered if David really would. Most of her boyfriends never
    did, they were only interested in fucking her tight cunt or getting
    sucked off. In fact she'd only done it once before, strangely enough
    with Tommy Carson, that same night Dave must have been spying on
    them. She half expected her brother to ignore her request and fuck
    her pussy again.

       So Pam was slightly disappointed when his cock slipped into her
    soppy cunt and pumped slowly a few times.  She was all set for Dave
    to fuck her pussy once more when she felt his cock withdraw and press
    against her rear. God yes, she thought, he was really going to do it!

       Pam reached down and fingered her clit, relaxing her asshole for
    her brother's cock.  Dave pressed in slowly, spreading her asshole
    wide and Pam cried out, muffling her whimpers of delight with a
    pillow.  Wider and wider the head of his cock spread her tight hole,
    until with a soft pop, he slid into her ass.  Pam, feeling very horny
    and naughty, leaned back, shoving her brother's cock deep into her
    spread open ass.  They moaned softly together as his cock slid into
    her tight hole.

       David felt his sister's incredible tightness gripping him, and Pam
    felt as though a baseball bat was being shoved up her ass.  Her cunt
    spasmed several times, making her asshole pulse around David's cock.
    Pam moved her ass back and forth, and then David began pumping her
    tight hole.  After pumping for a minute, David pressed her hips to
    the floor and began to plumb her bottom with his thick reaming tool,
    alternately filling, then emptying his twin sister's butt.  Pam was
    climaxing in small, miniature orgasms, her cunt drooling a thick
    white cream. David shoved his cock deep, the rotated his hips back
    and forth, stirring his cock in her asshole.

       On and on they went for long minutes, until Pam thought her
    brother's increasingly harder thrusts would tear her apart.  She
    arched her hips up to meet his pounding thrusts.  David came hard,
    slamming his cock deep within her.  Pam could almost hear the roar of
    his sperm flooding into her.  Dave shook and pulled Pam's hips
    against him, pressing his cock deep so that he could fill his
    sister's tight, round butt full of cum.  He spurted over and over,
    sending hot streams of jism gushing into Pam's ass, filling her
    insides with his boiling cum.  Pam writhed and panted on the floor,
    then lay still as they both tried to catch their breath.

       David's cock was still throbbing deep in Pam's butt when they
    heard the upstairs toilet flush.  Their mother was awake!  They
    listened alertly for any sound that meant they might be discovered.
    The sound of water rushing through the pipes covered some smaller
    noises and they were tense for long moments.  The floor finally
    creaked in the hallway above them. In a panic, the twins parted
    quickly, and Pam felt her asshole spasm, closing slowly around the
    empty thickness left by her brother's retreating cock.  She could
    feel Dave's cum trickle warmly out of her asshole.

       Dave hid under the bed and Pam slipped under the covers, lying on
    her side and pulling the sheets up over her sweating body.  David lay
    under the bed, his cock glistening wetly in the moonlight.  His heart
    pounded in his chest as he tried desperately to calm his ragged
    breathing.

       The bedroom door opened and Pam saw the dim light from behind
    filter in.  Karen looked from the doorway and saw her daughter asleep
    on the bed.  She closed the door slowly, unaware that her daughter
    was lying awake, facing away from her so that she wouldn't see the
    sperm on her face and tits.  Pam heard the retreating footsteps, and
    got out of bed. She grabbed a tissue, wiping her behind as she looked
    under the bed. David crawled out and sat on the bed beside her.

       "Shit, that was close!" he whispered.

       "Yeah, but exciting!", grinned Pam, reaching for her brother's
    semi-hard cock. "I'm still horny. Can you get it up again?"

       "You hot little slut!", laughed Dave, fingering his sister's
    gaping cuntslit. "Sure! I'll fuck you again, Sis! How do you want it
    this time?"

       "I want to be on top this time," husked Pam, fisting her brother's
    slimy cock.

       David lay on the bed and let Pam straddle him, watching intently
    as his sweet sister lowered her hot cunt down onto his cock.

       "Fuck me hard, Davey! Shoot your cum in me.", Pam whispered.

       David grabbed his sister's taut little ass-cheeks and lunged
    upwards, impaling her deeply. Pam felt his cockhead slam against the
    mouth of her womb and a loud moan escaped her young lips. Her
    brother's big, hard cock was filling her completely. She could hardly
    breathe! She began to move up and down on him, enjoying the feel of
    his long, thick hardness sliding in and out of her cunt. God, he had
    a gorgeous prick!

       Pam reached for her tits and let her hips relax, urging her
    brother to do the work while she just enjoyed the sensation of his
    cock sliding up and down in her pussy.

       "Ohhhh, yes! Fuck me, David!", Pam whispered, "Ram it into me..
    Pound me!!"

       David began fucking his sister's hot little cunt hard and fast,
    and they both felt the rising tide of their orgasms quickly.  Pam
    came, smothering her cries in her brother's neck as she hunched and
    rode his deeply thrusting cock.  Her convulsing pussy grabbed him and
    milked his cock, and soon David felt the fast rising surge deep in
    his loins.

        His young hips jerked upwards, slamming his cock up into Pam's
    tight little fuckhole with a vengeance. His fingers were buried in
    the soft flesh of her ass, grinding his sister's cunt down onto the
    huge thick shaft of his pistoning cock.

       Pam almost screamed aloud as David's cock spurted inside her. She
    could feel the thick, throbbing shaft spurting cum all the way down
    as he emptied his balls into her quivering cunt, warming her insides
    with his hot sperm.  The two lay together panting and caressing while
    their loins pulsed and throbbed. Pam's pussy tightened around David's
    cock, milking the last drop of jism from him.

        They dozed for a while with Dave's soft cock still inside his
    sister's pussy, but a noise from upstairs startled them. Dave got up
    and carefully opened the door. He could hear what sounded like the
    television. He told Pam to stay there and went to investigate.
    Climbing the stairs, peeked into the den and his eyes went wide at
    what he saw.

       In the dark room, clearly illuminated by the TV screen, his mother
    was sitting in a chair with her legs spread, a vibrator humming
    between her legs.  The screen showed a young woman on her knees,
    sucking a thick cock while another thick cock plunged into her
    asshole.  David could see his mother squirm on the recliner chair,
    spreading her legs over the arms.  Her hands were moving in a
    rhythmic up and down motion, thrusting the vibrator into her
    wide-spread cunt. David's cock began to swell.

       A soft creak behind him snapped his head around, and he saw Pam's
    naked figure approaching in the gloom of the hallway. He motioned,
    finger to his lips, then nodded towards the den.  Pam looked around
    and saw what was going on.

       She couldn't believe it for a moment... her mother, moaning in
    passion, watching a porno movie!  Pam watched, aroused and surprised.
    She knelt down and felt David's stiff cock press against the side of
    her face. Luckily, from where they were, their mother could not see
    them without turning around in the recliner.

       Pam felt a sudden arousal wash over her, and she reached up and
    pulled David's prick into her mouth. She sucked on the head of his
    cock, watching the scene in the den. Pam's fingers found her clit and
    rubbed there, getting her very aroused. The movie focused in on the
    brunette's face, her mouth wrapped around a thick cock that pumped in
    and out of her mouth.  The man pulled out and shot his thick semen
    all over her face, the white gobs dripping easily from her chin.

       "Drink it, you horny fucking bitch.", they heard their mother
    hiss.

       They watched as Karen's hips moved even more wantonly, the
    humming of the dildo changing pitch as she plunged it in and out of
    herself. Pam felt as though she'd been seen, and when she realized
    that she hadn't, she tried to suck all of David's cock.  She wanted
    David to fill her mouth, fill it with his hot cum as they watched
    their mother fuck herself with her vibrating plastic cock.

       The movie now focused on the brunette's ass-fuck, and the man's
    thick cock seemed to impale her from behind.  The girl's tits bounced
    as her ass was repeatedly filled with thick cock.  The scene was very
    hot, with images of her passionate, sperm- dripping face cut in.  Pam
    knelt and pulled David down behind her, pressing his cock into her
    pussy.  He fucked her slowly, and then shoved his slick cock up her
    asshole. Pam felt her tits swell as he pushed into her, and then his
    loins met her ass.  On the screen the man was pumping the brunette
    hard, and silently David began to match his thrusts.

       Pam suppressed her moans and cries, turning red with the strain.
    A few moments later, on the screen, the man pulled out and spurted
    his thick white juice all over the brunette's asshole. His thick
    white cum ran down her ass, over her shaved cunt and dripped to the
    bed.  The camera showed the brunette looking into the lens, saying
    something.  Their mother mouthed the words.

       "I love cum in my ass!", she moaned, then added her own line. "And
    I love it in my mouth too."

       The scene changed and now on the screen a blonde was getting her
    tits fucked while another blonde ate her pussy. The blonde was going
    crazy with her legs in the air, moaning something over and over. The
    reclining blonde looked enough like Pam to be her sister, right down
    to a small birthmark mole by her left eye. David saw the same
    similarities and his cock throbbed in Pam's ass. Pam felt like
    screaming out loud but held it in. She would scream later.

       The camera showed the thick cock begin spurting between the
    blonde's tits, showering her lips and chin with thick spurts of cum.
    As the camera pulled back, the man got off and another pushed the
    sucking blonde from between the girl's legs. The girl got up, moved
    around to straddle the sperm-drenched girl's mouth.  Briefly a tongue
    flashed over the girl's pussy, then disappeared as she lowered
    herself down. The new man had a very large cock, thick and long.  He
    pressed this into her cunt a few times then withdrew.

       "Fuck the hot little slut.", Karen moaned.  "Fuck her with that
    big, thick cock. Shove it right up her fuckin' cunt."

       Pam began coming, biting her fist to keep from screaming out loud.
    David's cock was slowing down, pumping her evenly as he watched both
    the screen and his mother fucking herself with the dildo. On the
    screen, the thick cock slid slowly up the girl's cunt again, and her
    hips arched high. The guy worked it around a few more times, then
    lifted her legs, pushing them back. Slowly he pressed the huge head
    against her asshole, spreading it wide.  Pam moaned softly, seeing
    the girl take what she felt like she was taking in her ass.  Her
    mother too was moaning, her hands working like a blur between her
    legs.

       "Yesssss!", Pam heard her mother hiss. "Butt-fuck my slut of a
    daughter's ass.  Fill her ass full of cum.  Sperm her face down. Jizz
    me down, cum all over us all!"

       Their mother was in the throes of orgasm, talking dirty, slutty
    talk, her legs shaking as her hips rocked on the chair. Pam felt her
    whole body stiffen and shake when she realized her mother was
    "seeing" HER being fucked in the ass, just as David was doing to her
    now. David was pumping her butt faster, his cock throbbing in her
    tail and giving her orgasm after orgasm.  The man on the screen was
    fucking the blonde faster too, his huge cock buried in her asshole,
    and the camera showed the second blonde sitting on top of the first
    girl's mouth.

       As the blonde was butt-fucked, the second blonde pulled hard on
    the girl's nipples, distorting the shape of her swaying tits.  David
    reached around and pulled on his sister's, making her moan.  Unseen
    by either of them, Pam's mother was pulling her right tit hard too,
    using the other hand to ram the dildo up her dripping cunt. The scene
    changed, and the second blonde got off the first, the camera showing
    the lower blonde's glistening face covered in sperm and pussy cream.

       The man rolled the blonde over with his cock still in her asshole,
    until she lay flat on the floor. Pam too slid down, letting David
    ream her butt, feeling yet another countless mini-orgasm wash through
    her. The blonde was moved face-down into a man's lap and sucked his
    cock, taking it all the way to the root.  Her throat bulged as his
    cock slid into it, and their mother made gulping, sucking noises.

       "Suck him off, you hot little cunt", she moaned, "Swallow his
    cum!"

       Her finger found the volume control on the remote and raised the
    volume.  Lusty moaning and grunting filled the room, and the blonde
    was making loud slurping noises as she sucked cock.  Pam felt David's
    thrusts beginning to lengthen, signaling that he was going to cum in
    her butt.  Her tits heaved as she thrust back against him hard.  On
    the screen, the blonde lifted her head and the cock spurt into her
    already wet face.  Semen drooled from between her pretty lips, and
    she rubbed her face with the emptied cock.

       David's cock stiffened, becoming hard as an iron rod in Pam's
    butt. She moaned softly, knowing that he was about to cum and cum
    hard. The man on the screen slammed hard into the blonde's ass, then
    pulled out. His cock seemed to shoot his sperm like a hose, and he
    directed it against the girl's gaping asshole.  Semen shot and
    landed around the wide opening, some of it landing inside her
    asshole. The girl's asshole pulsed and closed slowly, more and more
    cum spurting on her butt. Sperm ran down the sides of her cheeks,
    pooling and running into her gaping butt-hole. Pam moaned loudly as
    David's cock shot a thick stream of cum into her asshole.  David was
    buried to his balls in Pam's tight ass.

       "Cum in her fucking asshole, David! Fill her ass with jism!" their
    mother grunted.

       Pam cried out loudly as David's cock seemed to swell even larger,
    and hot cum gushed into her butt.

       "Cum Pamela!  Cum with that hot cock up your ass. CUM!", Karen
    screamed loudly, her body shaking heavily on the padded leather
    chair.

       Pam and David both moaned loudly as his sperm shot out into Pam's
    tight asshole, filling her with it's warm creamy flood. After a few
    moments Pam looked up at the chair, and saw it empty. A moment of
    panic hit her, until she realized that her mother was sitting on the
    floor not too far away, smiling. David felt a twinge of panic too,
    opening his eyes and looking over to see standing naked so close to
    them. She smiled and knelt down, her firm, tanned, naked body still
    glistening from the sweat of her recent orgasm.

       Pam shuddered when her mother stroked her hair, a small orgasm
    shooting through her.  Her pussy had soaked her thighs, and she could
    feel the light caresses of the early morning air on her cuntlips.

       "I guess it really does run in the family.", said Karen, gazing
    warmly down at her children.

       "Huh?  What does?", Pam said, shuddering again as David's cock
    twitched in her anus.

       "Liking your butt-fucked," Karen replied easily.  "Didn't you
    recognize anybody in the movie?"

       Pam shook her head.  She hadn't been paying attention to that!

       "The brunette is your sister Marie, and the blonde is your Aunt
    Tracy. But you two haven't seen them since you were little kids"

       "Who's the man?", Pam asked, beginning to feel uncomfortable
    talking to her mother with her asshole full of David's cock.

       "That's your father, silly!", replied Karen with a grin. "Seems
    like getting an uncontrollable urge to fuck your sister also runs in
    the family!"

       "How did you get the tape, mom?", asked Pam.

       "We met them for a little family fun when we went down there on
    vacation last year and Tracy gave me this tape as a momento," said
    Karen, grinning wantonly at David and Pam, who were still solidly
    joined. "I'll bet he feels three times bigger in your rear than in
    your pussy doesn't he?"

       Pam nodded, feeling David's still-hard cock jerk in her butt.

       "And I'll bet you cum in buckets up your sister's ass too, baby,"
    Karen continued. "I love that feeling when a man squirts up your ass.
    It's so hot and sexy."

       "Do you and Dad...I mean do you two...", David began, unable to
    ask his mother straight out, despite the circumstances.

       "You bet! Your father loves to assfuck me more than anything
    else," smiled Karen, "and it looks like THAT runs in the family too,
    right?"

       David blushed and smiled lamely at his gorgeous naked mother. He
    wondered where all this small talk was leading. He was just about to
    ask his mother when Pam squirmed beneath him.

       "I have to get up David.", she said.

       The two parted and Karen gasped at the thickness of her son's
    still-erect cock. Pam went to the bathroom and returned with a
    washcloth for David, and an idea.

       "Mom,", Pam began while David wiped himself off.  "Monday's your
    birthday right?"

       "Don't remind me. Thirty-six!  Uggh!", mocked her mother.

       "Well, since Daddy's not here, I can think of a really nice
    present David can give you for your birthday.", Pam said, looking
    straight at David's semi-hard cock. "... as long as I can join in
    too!"

       "Have sex with BOTH of you?! You're not serious!", her mother
    replied wide-eyed.

       "I am, if David's willing. How about it? Willing to show Mom a
    good time stud?" Pam asked, almost giggling at the look on David's
    face.

       David looked from one to the other, and then noticed that his
    mother still had the dildo in her pussy, although turned off.

       "Sure! I guess so. I mean, I... "

       "I'll take that as a `yes'," Karen said, smiling at her handsome
    young son. "Can I start by sucking that gorgeous-looking cock of
    yours, honey?"

       "S...sure Mom!", David said awkwardly.

       Karen reached down and finished wiping David's cock off, pushing
    him to the floor on his back.

       "Why don't you let him eat you while I get him ready, honey?" She
    told her daughter.

       Pam hesitantly moved over to David, then straddled his face. He
    began licking her slippery pussy, and Pam began to relax. Karen
    lowered her mouth to David's cock, sucking the head and then taking
    him almost all the way down. Pam watched in disbelief as her mother
    deep-throated her brother. David groaned into Pam's cunt, and Karen
    smiled to herself, knowing that her horny young son would be groaning
    louder by the time she was finished with him.

       She examined his cock after he gained full hardness, and thought
    how good it would feel to have his hard young meat crammed up her
    ass or even her pussy. She couldn't wait!  Karen straddled David and
    slid her dildo out, replacing it with her son's long, thick
    cock-meat. She sighed as she sat down, and Pam watched her twin
    brother's cock disappear neatly into their mother's juicy wet cunt.
    Karen rotated her hips around and worked up and down on David's
    shaft, getting him nice and wet.  She was aching with anticipation of
    her son's hard young prick stuffed deep into her ass, but it felt too
    damn good in her pussy.

       Karen began humping up and down on David's cock, forgetting her
    ass-fuck for the moment as she felt a sudden orgasm overtake her.

       "OOOOOOOHHHH, YES FUCK YOUR COCK INTO MY HOT CUNT, DAVID!  I'M
    CUMMMING!", screamed Karen.

       David felt his mother's hot pussy pulse and contract around his
    cock as she came, noting that although she was much tighter than he
    expected, her cunt was very wet and slippery, which meant he could
    hold out a lot longer than he had planned.

       Karen pulled her self off David's hard cock and positioned it
    between the cheeks of her gorgeous creamy ass. Pam looked down and
    felt an orgasm rising as she watched the head of David's cock press
    into their mother's asshole.  Karen held the boy's cock poised at the
    entrance to her puckered hole, but her balance was awkward and she
    appeared to be having trouble.

       Pam leaned forward and took control, holding David's cock to her
    mother's ass. Slowly Karen lowered herself, spreading her anus with
    the head of David's thick cock. Both Karen and David moaned.  Pam
    leaned back, once the head was in.  To her surprise, her mother
    lowered herself in one movement, impaling her butt to the hilt on
    David's rock-hard cockmeat.

       "Ohhhhhhh, GAWWWD!", Karen cried, clutching her tits.  "Now, fuck
    me! FUCK MOMMA'S ASSHOLE, BABY!""

       Karen began rocking her hips, pumping David's cock in and out of
    her asshole. Pam watched, feeling her own orgasm about to arrive.
    David licked her clit and shoved two fingers in her ass, and Pam
    came with a loud squeal.

       "Ohhhhh yeahhhhh, make me cummmmmm!", Pam cried, shaking and
    quivering her firm young ass over David's face.

       "Suck her pussy, David.", husked their mother.  "Shove your tongue
    right up your sister's hot, juicy little cunt and lick her out good!"

       Pam moaned even louder as David shoved his tongue inside her.
    Then, she fell off to one side, curling up on the floor. Karen
    looked down and saw her daughter, naked and shaking in orgasm on the
    floor.  Her sparse blonde pussy hair didn't conceal the glistening
    wetness on her cunt, and she could see her daughter's puckered hole
    pulse as she spasmed again.

       "Fuck my ass David!", Karen said. "Shove that fucker up mommy's
    hot ass and fuck me hard, baby!"

       David rocked his hips in time with hers, fucking his mother as he
    had fucked his sister earlier. He could feel her cunt juice running
    down onto his balls, the wonderful tightness of her sphincter, and
    her womanly passion.

       "Fuck her!", Pam moaned, getting more and more excited by the
    second. "Fuck mom's hot ass like a dog, Davey!"

       "I am!", David cried out, ramming his mother's asshole with his
    thick cockmeat, plunging into her hot, buttery depths over and over
    like an animal.

       Karen was able to relax her ass at just the right time, keeping
    her son just on the edge, breaking the rhythm at just the proper
    moment several times.  David felt the cum backing up inside his
    balls, from all the false alarms. His mother did it twice more, each
    time begging for him to fill her ass full of his semen. David grabbed
    her ass tightly and began pounding into her butt as hard and fast as
    he could.  Karen let out a long, wavering moan as their bodies
    slammed together.  Pam crawled around and lay on the floor watching
    her brother's tight, muscular ass pump back and forth, his strong
    arms pulling Karen's ass hard against his thrusting cock.

       "Yeah!  Shoot it!", Pam said, fingering her gooey, open clit.
    "Cum in Mom's ass, Davey!"

       "YES!, you gorgeous young prick!  Fill me! Uhhhhhhhhhhh! Jesus!
    Squirt my butt full of cum!", their mother cried, "Fuck my ass like
    you did your sister's, honey!  Make me your cum-filled butt-fucking
    momma!"

       David felt it, and plowed deep into his mother's tight asshole,
    his cock straining deep inside her.  Karen felt his thrust, and the
    throbbing of his cock. A gush of warm cum flooded into her butt, then
    another and another.

       "Ohhhh Gawwwwwwwddd Cummmmm, baby!" Karen moaned, shaking all
    over. "Cummm in my ass!"

       David grunted and fucked deeply into his mother's tight asshole,
    feeling his cock spurting over and over.  His balls were clenched
    tight against his body.  Pam reached up and tickled his balls,
    sending another several squirts of jism into Karen's asshole. They
    collapsed in a heap, panting for breath and sweating heavily.

        David pulled out when he'd gotten soft, and his mother kissed him
    gently, then trotted up the stairs to take a shower.  Pam and David
    went to the downstairs bathroom, and cleaned up. Pam asked David if
    he could come again and he nodded.

       "I've always wanted to do this.", Pam said.

       She led him to the stairs, and about halfway up.  She sat on a
    higher step and told him to fuck her, spreading her legs wide.  David
    pushed his cock into her tight cunt and began fucking her.  Pam
    climaxed quickly, then again several long moments later.

       "I want you to cum all over me.", she breathed into David's ear.

       David couldn't hold back and yanked his cock out of her dripping
    wet cunt. Pam slid down to face his cock just as his cum spurted out.
    David's sperm was thinned by all the fucking, but still was thick and
    creamy.  David's cum splashed against her face and tits, soaking her
    lips with his cum.  David leaned back against the wall, looking at
    Pam's smiling, sperm-drenched face.  Pam's mother stepped out into
    the upstairs hall, just at the top of the stairs. She was naked, her
    hair wet from her shower.  She looked down at the sight her daughter
    presented, and smiled.

       "Oh, by the way mom...." Pam said, turning around to show off her
    brother's cum, "Happy birthday!"

       "Thanks, baby!", smiled Karen. "I hope I don't have to wait till
    next birthday for a fuck like that one."

       "No way, Mom!", said David, walking up the stairs. His eyes were
    on his mother's naked tits and cunt. "I feel so damned horny right
    now, I could fuck the both of you all night long"

       Karen glanced down at her son's stiff, bobbing cock as he
    approached her. Mmmmmmmmm, he probably could too, she thought.  She
    gave her daughter a devilish grin.

       "What do you think, Pam, honey. Do you think he's up to satisfying
    the two of us.... all night?"

       Pam scampered up the stairs and grabbed her brother by the cock.
    "Oooooh, let's find out, Mom," she giggled. "Which bed... yours or
    mine?"

       "Mine's bigger, darling," laughed Karen, leading the way into the
    master bedroom

       Once inside, Karen lay down on the bed and spread her legs wide,
    smiling up at Pam and David like some naked, Greek goddess.

       David reached out and timidly stroked the outer lips of his
    mother's pussy. Her sigh made him braver and his fingers stirred and
    probed freely. He might have stroked her pussy all day if Pam hadn't
    interrupted. His sister was taking control....

       "Davey, I think Mom's pussy needs a big wet kiss."

       David only needed the idea. He lowered his head between his
    mother's thighs, rested his chin on her pert little asshole and
    started licking her drooling sex. He used his thumbs to part the soft
    folds of his mother's pussy, lapping his tongue up and down the
    cunt-slit, curling it around her stiff clit.

       "Oh, David, that's nice!" Karen gasped.

       Pam stared at her brother's tongue licking at their mother's
    cunt, her eyes smoldering as she rubbed at the moist slit between
    her own slender young thighs. She touched one of her mother's tits,
    pulling and twisting the nipple. Karen looked up at her pretty young
    daughter and smiled knowingly.

       "Pam, you look as if. . . do you want to lick Mommy's pussy, too?"

       Pam didn't answer, but her tongue lolled out.

       "She can't lick your cunt now, Mom," said David lifting his face
    from his mother's crotch. "I wanna fuck you first. She can lick your
    pussy after I fuck you."

       Pam squeezed her mother's tits and watched as David knelt between
    her wide-spread thighs, inching his cock into the wet, creamy
    tightness of their mom's cunt.

       Karen, her breath taken away by the penetration of David's cock,
    pushed her hand outward and up the back of her daughter's thigh to
    cup her rounded ass. Pam turned to give her mother a better position
    to feel her as she watched David fuck his cock all the way into
    Karen's pussy. Holding her by the hips, David began to pump, fucking
    his cock in and out of his mother's eagerly upthrust cunt.

       Panting with lust, Pam ran her fingers through Karen's soft
    cunt-hair, excited by the way David's cock made their mother's
    cuntmound bulge out around his impaling thickness. When Pam's
    fingertip found her throbbing clit Karen, squealed softly, shoving
    her hand into Pam's panties, feeling the wet heat of her daughter's
    young cunt for the first time.

       "Oooooh, David, fuck me, baby!" Karen gasped, tossing her hips up
    to meet the plunge of his cock. "Fuck mother! Uhhhhhh, God! You feel
    so hard in my pussy, baby! Fuck me, David! Fuck your momma real
    hard!"

       The pistoning of her brother's cock inside her mother's cunt
    fascinated young Pam.

       "Ooooh, I'm getting so hot watching you two!" she squealed. "Mom,
    you should see how his cock goes in your cunt! Ooohhh, it's
    beautiful!"

        "It feels beautiful!" Karen gasped, lurching up and grinding
    when her son rammed deep.

        "So hot, so wet," Pam whimpered, spreading two fingers over the
    swollen lips of Karen's cunt, feeling her brother's cock slide in and
    out.

       Shifting her hips, Pam turned her naked ass toward her mother's
    head. Karen needed no further encouragement, and plunged her middle
    finger into her daughter's cunt.

       "Oooh, Mom!" Pam squealed, spreading her legs. "Do it to me!
    Finger-fuck my pussy, Mom! Oooh, fuck my cunt... fuck me with your
    finger!"

       Karen finger-fucked her daughter eagerly, churning her ass while
    her son pounded energetically into her liquid cunt.  David reached
    out and began to squeeze and fondle his sister's pert little tits as
    he rammed his prick into his moaning mother.

       Pam kept rubbing her mother's clit. Sweat built up on them, but
    it went unnoticed. The heat inside the bedroom became oppressive,
    but they paid that no attention.

       Karen whipped her ass up and down, fucking her cunt onto her son's
    cock with all the strength she could muster. Her pussy was burning,
    tingling so deliciously. Squeals and gasps of ecstasy bubbled from
    her throat.

       Pam stared in glassy-eyed passion at the shaft of David's cock
    penetrating their horny mother's cunt. It was slippery with
    pussy-juice, his balls slapping at the crack of Karen's grinding ass.
    She could not reach his balls, and shoved her hand under Karen's ass,
    gripping a bunching asscheek as if to help her mother move up and
    down.

       "This is gonna make me come fast!" David gurgled.

       "Yessss! Come in my cunt, baby!" Karen wailed. "I want to feel
    your cock squirt cum in my cunt, David!"

       Karen was fucking her finger as fast as she could into her
    daughter's tight, wet little cunthole, and Pam was trembling as she
    jutted her ass to make it easier for her mother.

       "Uhngggghhh! I wanna make you come, too, Mom!" David groaned. "You
    gotta come, too!"

       "Ohhh, baby!... I will!" Karen whimpered. "Oh, God! Will I ever
    come!!!"

       "Come in Mom's cunt, David!" Pam sobbed. "Fill in her hot cunt
    with jizz!"

       David fucked his mother hard and deep, his body going stiff.
    Karen let out a soft yelp, grinding her cunt up onto his pummeling
    cock. She pushed her finger as far into Pam's cunt as she could, a
    low moan swelling from her when she felt her son's cock jerk, then
    the hot gushing of his cum-load. Her pussy clutched his cock at the
    base, then began to pulsate as her orgasm exploded around his virile
    young prick.

       Pam felt them coming and pressed her mother's hand into her own
    cunt, Karen's finger mashing deliciously against her throbbing young
    clit. With a cry, Pam burst with orgasm, her young cunt contracting
    about her mother's deeply buried finger. The three of them strained
    and clung tightly to each other, moaning loudly as the pleasure
    filled them. Slowly, Karen lowered her ass, mewling with
    gratification as her son's still-hard cock slipped slowly from her
    satisfied cunt.

       When Pam felt her mother's finger fall from her pussy, she fell
    backwards on the bed, breathing heavily, her legs spread wide apart.
    Her tight little pussy gaped slightly open, revealing the insatiable
    young wetness inside.

       "God, that was good!" Karen finally breathed.

       Pam was staring at her brother's cock. It was wet with Karen's
    cunt-cream. Even his young balls gleamed with a liberal coating of
    his mother's pussy-juice. Karen saw the expression on her daughter's
    face, and sensed that Pam was nowhere near satisfied with the one
    orgasm she had given her. David seemed to understand. He stood up
    and knelt between his sister's thighs, spreading her young legs wide.

       "Want me to suck your cunt, Pam?" he asked, kissing his way up her
    creamy inner thighs.

       Pam could hardly speak, but nodded her head. Her eyes were still
    glazed with passion. Karen turned onto her side, watching as her son
    licked his way all the way up to Pam's tiny young cunt. She was both
    fascinated and surprised at her own responses. After fucking her own
    son, she felt no jealousy at all, only excitement as David prepared
    to suck his sister's juicy little fuck-slot.

       Pam leaned back, watching David. The moment his tongue made
    contact with her clit, she gasped loudly. Grabbing the back of his
    head, she smashed his eager young face into her cunt.

       "Ohhhh, Davey!" the girl cried out.

       David licked swiftly, sliding his tongue along his sister's juicy
    wet pussy-slit, flicking madly at her swollen little clit. Pam's eyes
    bulged when he darted his tongue in and out of her cunt. Her hips
    rose and she began to grind her cunt into his face. The juicy sounds
    were loud in the room, adding to the feverish excitement.

       "Suck her good, David! " Karen urged as she watched. "Suck her hot
    little cunt! Fuck her pussy with your tongue, baby! Make your sister
    come!"

       David fucked his tongue deep into Pam's steamy cunt, poking and
    licking and wiggling it until the girl thought she would faint with
    excitement. He grabbed her churning ass in his palms. feeling the
    hot, smooth inside surfaces of her thighs brushing his cheeks.

       "Oooh, God!!" Pam sobbed. "Ohhh, suck my pussy, David! Suck my
    cunt and fuck it with your tongue! Unnnghhhhhh! Jesus, I love this! I
    love getting my cunt sucked!"

       But it didn't last long. Pam was much too hot, much too aroused.
    She began to buck and grind mindlessly, deep, husky moans coming
    from her sensuously parted lips. She smashed her cunt over and over
    into David's open mouth, his tongue inside her pussy, his lips
    sucking her clit.

       Watching intently, Karen fondled her own cunt, one leg up. bent
    at the knee. She was hot, but not so hot she was losing control.
    Watching her son suck and lick her daughter's cunt sent shivers of
    passion through her.

       "Ummmmm! David! David, I'm gonna come!" Pam cried.

       David squeezed his sister's ass, ramming his tongue as far up
    into her tight little cunt as he could. That sent Pam's hips
    lurching up, her cunt tight against his mouth. She yelped, then
    began to come, the spasms strong, making her hips jerk and her
    stomach ripple, her legs squeezing her brother's head. Seeing Pam
    come, Karen cupped her own pussy tightly, a small orgasm bursting
    inside her.

       When David pulled his head from between Pam's slick young thighs,
    his face was wet from nose to chin. He sat back, licking his lips,
    grinning proudly.

       "I like to suck pussy," he said. "I like how it feels on my
    mouth, all soft and hot and wet."

       "You just love pussy," his mother grinned.

       David laughed. "You wanna lick Mom's cunt, Pam?"

       Karen looked apprehensively at her daughter. "You don't have to if
    you don't want to, honey," she smiled, "But I wouldn't stop you if
    you did."

       Pam stared at her mother's open, drooling cuntlips as she fondled
    her brother's balls.

       "That would be wicked," she said in a soft voice. "But, Mom...I
    get these thoughts, these feelings, and it's very hard not to think
    about things like that."

       "Let's just suck David's cock for now, baby," Karen said. "If we
    get around to other things later, we will."

       The boy, was grinning from ear to ear as he lay back on the bed,
    waiting for his naked sister and mother to suck his cock back to life
    so he could fuck them both again. `Shit! He must have died and gone
    to heaven!', he thought as his mother leaned over and began to lick
    up along his thigh. His sister started to do the same on the other
    leg.

       David watched them, his cock jutting in the air with throbbing
    hardness. Their tongues swirled and left trails of hot wetness on his
    thighs. Squirming beneath their hands and lips, David began to moan
    as the sensations rippled through his naked body.

       "Mmmmmm, you like that, don't you, honey?" his mother asked
    softly.

       "Ohhhhhh, yeahhhh, Mom!"

       "Just lie back and let us have some fun, David." Pam giggled,
    sounding totally wanton.

       Karen lapped at her son's thigh near his balls. Pam held his cock
    at the base and aimed the cock-head toward Karen, rubbing the
    dripping tip of her brother's erect prick over her mother's cheek.
    Karen purred softly and licked at the smooth cock-tip, then across
    her son's piss-hole. Pam made a low gurgling sound, watching intently
    as her mother licked and sucked at David's long, thickening cock.

       Karen lifted her son's hairless balls in her palm and Pam eagerly
    kissed them, licking her brother's large, pink ball-sac eagerly as
    she stared up sensuously at her mother. David began to pant hotly as
    he watching his mother's wet tongue swish on the head of his cock and
    felt his sister's lips suck hungrily on his swollen nuts.

       "Mmmm, your cock is dripping so nicely, David," Karen purred.
    "Pam, don't you want a taste?"

       Pam stared at her brother's cock a moment, then darted her tongue
    against his piss-hole, licking it at the tiny slit, her eyes half
    closed in a dreamy expression. Karen lowered her mouth to her son's
    balls, twisting her hot, eager tongue around them. She gazed at her
    daughter, watching Pam press her lips over David's fat cockhead,
    sucking hard as her her fist gripped the base of the boy's prick
    tightly.

       Pushing Pam's fingers off her son's cock, Karen began licking at
    the base, running her tongue through the downy hairs, rubbing his
    smooth balls on her cheek. She kept licking at the throbbing shaft of
    her son's cock and watched Pam close her mouth around his huge
    cock-head.

       As Pam sank down, taking David's cock deep into her mouth, Karen
    ran her tongue up, licking at the stretching, cock-filled mouth of
    her daughter. David closed his eyes, enjoying the wonderful sensation
    of two sets of soft, attentive female lips devouring his throbbing
    young prick.

       As his sister deep-throated his cock, David felt his mother's
    tongue on his cock-shaft near his balls. It took all the reserve he
    had to prevent himself from coming there and then. But it was
    important he held back.... he had TWO pussies to satisfy tonight!

       Her cunt burning, and her eyes gazed with passion, Karen watched
    her daughter take most of David's cock into her mouth. She ran her
    tongue over the girl's lips and down to her son's balls, then up
    again. She pressed her tongue past Pam's lips and into her wet,
    hungry mouth. Pam moaned and began sucking up and down, David's cock
    and Karen's tongue in her mouth.

       Pam moved her hand up along Karen's thigh, writhing her lovely
    body sensuously against her mother as she sucked on her brother's
    cock. Karen moaned softly at the contact, opening her thighs and
    urging her daughter to touch her crotch by pushing her hips forward.
    Pam responded by moving her fingers up into her mother's
    eagerly-offered crotch, caressing the wet, hairy lips of Karen's
    cunt.

       Karen pulled her tongue from her daughter's cock-stuffed mouth and
    sucked her son's balls into her mouth just as Pam's finger began to
    rub at her clit.

       Pam pushed her mouth down, her lips at the base of David's cock.
    Pam's lips met her mother's, making them both moan softly. Excited by
    the highly erotic contact, Karen shoved her hand up Pam's thighs,
    her hand between them, fondling her daughter's tight little ass.

       "Mmmmm, nice!" Karen purred, lifting her mouth. "Pam, let me suck
    his cock a while! Play with my cunt and let me suck on David's cock a
    little!"

       Pam pulled her lips her brother's his cock reluctantly, but
    gasped in delight as she watched her mother swallow it deeply. She
    moved her fingers on the wet slit of Karen's cunt, parting her own
    thighs a bit to give her mother more room to feel her up. Karen
    bobbed her face up and down, sucking wetly on her son's cock, and
    thrust a finger into Pam's tight, steaming cunt. Pam, with a squeal,
    rubbed harder on her mother's vibrating clit, pulling David's balls
    into her mouth.

       David panted as he watched them, his cock burning with hardness.
    His balls ached gently, loaded with cum. His hands fondled their
    tits, squeezing and twisting the stiff nipples.

       "Ohhh, what hot fucking mouths!" he gasped.

       Pam giggled around his balls.

       Karen pulled from him. "What a hot fucking cock, baby!"

       "Mmmm, nice balls, too, Mom!" Pam mewled, releasing her brother's
    balls and running her tongue up and down his cock.

       As Pam's tongue reached the boy's swollen cockhead, Karen dipped
    her face and pulled both Pam's tongue and her son's cock into her
    mouth. She finger-fucked her daughter with more aggressiveness,
    sucking eagerly on tongue and cock. Pam breathed hotly, and began to
    finger-fuck her mother in return. Her tongue twisted along the shaft
    of David's cock inside Karen's mouth.

       David squirmed his naked ass on the bed, groaning in ecstasy. He
    watched their tits jiggle as their fingers plunged into each other's
    fiery wet cunts, their mouths on his cock.

       "Oooooh, God! I can't stand it any more!" Karen cried, watching
    her daughter suck her son's cock. "Let's make him come, Pam! Let's
    see how much come he has left in those gorgeous young balls of his!"

       With their faces close, Karen and Pam licked at the head of
    David's cock, their tongues touching, tasting each other as well as
    his prick. David stared down at them with glowing eyes, his ass
    bunching. He clutched their tits hard in his hands, hearing the wet
    sounds as his sister and mother fucked their fingers into each other
    like crazy.

       Both Karen and Pam were eager to make him come now, and as they
    sucked on his cock they kept thrusting their tongues into each
    other's mouth at the same time.

       "Ohhhh, yes!" David cried out. "Suck it, you horny cunts! Suck my
    fuckin' cock!"

       Karen worked her lips down her son's cock, pulling her daughter's
    tongue inside along with it. As Pam pressed her tongue against the
    head of David's cock, she sucked up and down, mewling deep in her
    throat. Her lips tingled with erotic delight, her mouth wet. David
    began to strain upward, his face starting to contort as the rapture
    slowly became unbearable. He was quickly getting to the point of
    coming off, and his squirming told them so.

       He started gasping, making throaty choking sounds, gripping them
    each by a tit as hard as he could, his head and shoulders lifting off
    the bed. His cock throbbed inside his mother's mouth, pre-cum oozing
    from his piss-hole.

       Karen and Pam both tasted his seeping pre-cum. It made Karen
    eager to have him gush jism, and caused Pam to twist her tongue as
    best she could inside Karen's mouth.

       "Uhhnnghhhh! Yeahhhh!" David moaned loudly. "I'm gonna come!!"

       A huge jet of cum spewed from David's piss-hole into his mother's
    vacuuming mouth. Karen moaned as she tasted his young jizz, and Pam's
    eyes closed dreamily as she, too, tasted it. The spurts came
    swiftly, filling Karen's mouth. Jism spread over both tongues, and
    Karen began to swallow what she could, but the young boy was cumming
    a bucketload and what the horny young mother couldn't swallow oozed
    out around her lips, smearing those of her daughter.

       David cried out with the force of his climax, spewing cum rapidly
    into his mother's mouth. Karen gulped and sucked, and Pam moaned at
    the taste of David's delicious cum-load.

       Thinking he was finished, Karen lifted her dripping mouth. Pam,
    with a squeal, closed her lips over David's cock and sucked as hard
    as she could. Two more spurts of cum gushed out of his cock into her
    hot young mouth mouth. With a wet sound, Pam pushed her cunt hard
    against her mother's buried fingers and began to come in waves of hot
    orgasm.

       Karen felt her daughter's pussy convulse on her finger, and
    seeing she was gulping the final squirts of jism from her son, cried
    out as her own cunt exploded with a wild, hot series of
    contractions. She closed her lips around David's young balls and
    sucked them while Pam kept sucking on her brother's slowly wilting
    cock.

       When they finally sat up, their lips were puffy and glistening
    wetly, their eyes glowing, looking very pleased with what they had
    done for David. David slumped back, breathing hard as his body
    trembled, the light from the bedlamp glistening on his sweaty young
    body.

       "Did I come enough?" he asked quietly.

       "Come enough?" His mother laughed huskily. "If you had come any
    more, it would have choked me, baby! Mmmmmmm, I loved it!"

       "So did I!" Pam whispered, licking her brother's cum from her
    lips as she pulled her hand from her mother's thighs. "I felt your
    cunt when you came, Mom."

       "I felt your pussy, too, baby" Karen replied. "I'd say we don't
    really need David to come. What do you think?"

      "Hey!" David yelped, sitting up.

      "Just kidding," Karen laughed, kissing her son on the lips. "It
    wasn't just our fingers that made us come, it was sucking that
    beautiful cock of yours, right Pam?"

       "You bet, Mom!" giggled Pam, staring at her brother's huge cock
    and balls. "But I'd rather do something else with it!... Can you get
    it hard again, David?"

       The boy just grinned back at his sister and fisted his semi-hard
    dick, coaxing it back into life. A couple of long, hard jerks and
    David's young prick
    began to swell noticeably, well on the way back to full erection.

       "God, you two are insatiable!" laughed Karen.

       "You complaining, Mom?" smiled David, lewdly jerking off in front
    of his naked mother.

       "Mmmmmm, mmmmm! No way, baby! I can't get enough of you!"

       David lay back and stared at his mother's juicy cunt. "Me either,
    Mom. Me either!", he muttered as Karen wantonly spread her pussylips
    and began to rub herself openly in front of her son. Pam did the same
    and within a few minutes, David's cock was once more raging with
    hardness.

       "You first, honey" Karen offered.

       With a low moan, Pam straddled her brother and squatted over his
    upthrust cock. As she settled down, Karen moved closer to watch her
    children fuck.

       Once David's thick cock was buried in her cunt, Pam began to
    bounce her hot, young ass, fucking herself deliriously on her
    brother's rigid cock. She lunged up and down, twisting sideways,
    squealing with pleasure. Karen knelt and fondled her daughter's pumping
    ass, sliding her hands underneath Pam to feel her tight, swollen
    tits. She caressed Pam's creamy thighs, her sweet ass, her tits, then
    her hand moved down again. She held her son's balls, watching Pam's
    little cuntlips bulge around his stiff prick.

       Young Pam orgasmed in no time, bucking and squealing on David's
    cock like a two-dollar whore. Fucking her brother while their mother
    watched had a lot to do with it, too. She had never been so turned on
    in her life!

       "Now me!" Karen gasped. "My turn, Pam! Ohhh, my cunt is on fire
    for his hard cock!"

       Pam rose, and Karen quickly squatted over her young son, plunging
    down hard onto him, impaling herself almost viciously on the boy's
    huge, glistening shaft. Like her daughter, Karen whipped her gorgeous
    ass about, grinding her pussy down hard onto David's prick. She began
    trembling as her daughter ran her hands about her naked body.

       David, too, was touching his mother, playing with her jiggling
    tits. Karen cried out and fucked him faster, her tight, clinging
    cuntlips sliding up and down the length of his slippery shaft with
    delicious smoothness.

       Pam knelt beside them and began to suck on her mother's tits.
    Karen grabbed the back of her daughter's head, cramming her nipple
    far into the girl's wet hot mouth, grinding her cunt down hard on
    David's cock.

       "Suck my tit. Pam!" she sobbed. "Ohhh, suck my tit! David, fuck
    me! Fuck mother! Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me! Ooohhh, I'm cummmming
    again!"

       As soon as her mother slumped forward over him, Pam rolled onto
    her back and spread her young thighs wide.

       "Me, now, David!" she gasped. "Fuck me now!"

        David yanked his cock from his mother's cunt, and fucked into his
    sister's cunt in a quick lunge. Karen, feverish with heat, leaned
    over and began sucking her daughter's pointed tit. Her tongue swirled
    as her lips pulled. The rapid plunge of David's cock into Pam's cunt
    and the wet heat on her tit brought cries of ecstasy from the
    teenager.

      But, panting hard David, pulled his cock from her, and rushed
    between his mother's legs. He rammed his prick into his mother's cunt
    hard, making Karen gurgle with lust.

       "Ohhh, God, this is so hot! It's happening already!" Karen sobbed.
    "David, fuck me hard! You're going to make me come again, baby!"

       David fucked harder, making wet, slurping sounds.

       "Now! Now, David!"

       Karen slammed her cunt hard against him, coming in wave after
    wave of orgasm, her cunt gripping his cock, rippling along the
    cock-shaft. She was still coming when David jerked his prick from his
    mother's pussy and plunged deeply into his sister's cunt.

       Pam wrapped her legs about his, churning her naked ass in a
    frenzy, coming hard. But David, unable to take any more hot squeezes
    on his cock, pulled free, and on his knees before the two naked
    females, began to come like a fountain. He squirted streaks of cum
    through the sparse hair on Pam's cunt, then twisted his body and
    sprayed the blonde hair of his mother's pussy. He came and came, like
    only a teenage boy can, soaking their quivering crotches completely
    with cock-cream.

       Pam recovered first. She sat up quickly and began sucking the head
    of David's cock, tasting the last remnants of her brother's tasty
    sperm. When she pulled her mouth off, she saw David's jism in her
    mother's pussy-hair and dipped her face to Karen's crotch, licking
    hungrily. Her tongue swirled through the soft cunt-hairs, touching
    the tip of her mother's clit. Karen's hips jerked upward.

       "Ohhh, you'll make me come again, Pammy!" Karen gasped.

       Pam raised her head, giggling. "I guess I almost licked your cunt,
    didn't I, Mom?"

       "Lie back," Karen said, pushing Pam down.

       She leaned over and licked the boy-cum from the hairs of her
    daughter's cunt. But before she raised up, she twirled her tongue
    around the girl's throbbing little clit a few times.

       "There, we both almost licked each other's cunt. Now you won't
    feel so embarrassed."

       "I'm not embarrassed anyway," Pam said as they lay back smiling
    at each other. "I kind of liked it, Mom."

       "Mmmmm, so did I," Karen said.

       "Fucking women," David said playfully. "Never satisfied."

       He was right!

                                The End.

--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....