Copyright © 1998,   (William Will Willie Bill).  ALL Rights Reserved
The following story is being published anonymously for the author 
(William Will Willie Bill) by Mr Double (mrdouble@mrdouble.com).  


-------
From maff91@dial.pipex.com Sat Jan 24 18:42:15 1998
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories.incest,alt.stories.incest,alt.sex.incest
Subject: Story: little girl gets some (MM/F, inc)
Date: Sun, 25 Jan 1998 00:42:15 GMT
From: William Will Willie Bill <LIBERTYES@prodigy.net>
Organization: Field of Wet Dreams
-------


little girl gets some


Bill and I were married the day before he went into the Navy,  Then
13 months later Bill shipped out...the Navy shipped him to a never-never
place in the far Pacific.  It was to be the last time I would see him
for three years.  That's when I went back to live with my parents.

	After Bill had been gone a month or more, I began to long for
sexual release and started remembering just exactly how many times we had
slept together.  Seven times before he went to boot, three times when he was
going from boot camp to gunnery school, and twice just before he
shipped out.  We had been married more than a year and I had only slept (had
sex with) my husband a grand total of ten times!  I had never had sex with
anybody else before Bill unless you include the childish encounters
with my girl friend, Beth.

	When I was a girl of twelve, Beth use to spend the night with
me in the summer.  We'd make our bed on the ground out in the back yard and have
a ball.  Silly laughing and joking as young girls will do, pillow
fights, stripping naked and each daring the other to run around the house nude
after midnight, we did it all.

	One warm July night we had both raced madly around the house
naked, even out to the deserted street, and then back to our pallet, hugging
each other and collapsing on our pallet, me on top of Beth.  Almost at
once we could feel each other down there.  My clit against her clit,
an accident to be sure, but what a marvelous accident!  Neither of us
saida word, but Beth moved a little, then I moved.  We rotated our hips,
grinding pelvis to pelvis until our breathing became ragged and we
could feel each other's contractions.  I rolled off and lay on my back next
to her, breathing hard, but still and silent, as was she.

	After about five minutes I felt Beth take my hand, the one
nearest to her, and place it squarely on her pussy.  Then, leaving my hand on her
now aroused, moist, hot cunt, she put her hand on my pussy and did to
me what she obviously wanted me to do to her.  We got each other off
several times.  For whatever reason, we never did it together again,
and we never acknowledged in words it ever happened, but I (and probably
Beth, too) began to masturbate quite often.  It was a part of becoming
a woman.

	After Bill left, two years of unfulfilled sexual desire
dragged by.  If ever a wife needed a good screwing it was me.  But alas, it wasn't to
be.  I dreamed of a handsome prince who would come and fill my great
need.  Mack, my brother, had been fourteen when Bill went to sea, now
he was sixteen and drinking, wrecking the family car now and then, and
generally making a real problem for our family.  I couldn't understand
it.  He was a good looking young man, popular with the kids, and more
than one girl had a crush on him.  Still, he ran with a wild bunch of
boys who more often than not caused trouble for Dad and Mom.

	One evening in early autumn, after the leaves were in full
color, the family went to the theater and I was home alone.  Suddenly, Mack came
staggering through the front door, drunk as usual.  I was in the
living room just tidying up before going to bed, and I had nothing on but a
flimsy gown.  "Well, well, what have we here," Mack roared, "A lovely
damsel waiting for little ole' me!"  Before I could move or react at
all he grabbed me and began hugging and kissing me, feeling me up and
massaging my buttocks.  I struggled, but his hands were all over my
body.  One hand was in my crotch, the other tore off my gown.

	"Mack," I screamed, "I'm you're sister!"  It did no good.  So
fast I never knew what hit me, I was on my back and his raging cock was
pumping into me.  As I said before, my need was great.  I remember hating
myself for reacting so, but I clamped my legs around his pounding butt and
lifted my haunches up to meet his wild thrusts.  I found out later
that his masturbatory dream girl was me!  He had been fantasizing fucking
me for years!  Now, it was actually happening.  I had heard that some men
attain great staying power when drunk, for some reason it's hard for
them to come.  Such was the case with Mack.  He fucked me longer than
I had ever thought possible, and my need culminated in orgasm after
shattering orgasm.  Obviously, the answer to my great need was living
right here in the house with me.  An illicit answer, to be sure.

	Having fucked  me once, drunk or not, Mack  left me with no
defense, not that I wanted one if the truth be known.  I had become desperate,
and once the deed had been done, I rationalized that no more harm
could come whether it happened once or thousands of times.  Mack, for his
part, fantasized that I wanted him as often as possible.  He was
probably right.  For the next year my brother became my lover, a very
good lover, a dreamed of live in lover.  My parents never caught on,
but the nearest they came was one day when mom said to me, "Mack looks at
you like he could eat you, don't you think you ought to be more
careful how you dress when he's around?"  My face went fiery red, and I
mumbled something. 

		My parents and sister took a weekend trip, leaving
Mack and me alone in the house.  Taking advantage, Mack went out with 
his buddies to do some  drinking.  I was worried about him, fearful he'd get into a
serious accident, so I waited up for him in the living room.  I guess
I fell asleep, but was soon aroused by the front door bursting open.  My
eyes flew open to see Mack weaving like a sunflower in a spring wind,
and his buddy, Jim, learing at my almost nude body.  "Hey, honey,"
Mack slurred, I told ole' Jim here I'd share your gorgeous body.  You know,
I was broke and he bought drinks all night...least I could do, huh?"

	I was dumbfounded.  Jumping to my feet, I raced for the
bedroom, but Mack and Jim followed me in.  The ironic thing about this was that in
the early evening after Mack had gone out, I had started to remember
some of the things about sex I had enjoyed with both Bill and Mack.  I
remember thinking I wish it were possible to have them both at once.
I loved to feel their pubic hair and slide my hand until I touched their
cockhead, and loved feeling their cock grow, and the feeling of penis
skin sliding as I grasped their growing prick and slid my hand up and
down until they were wild to get into me.

	Now, Mack and Jim were in my bedroom, all three of us naked,
me begging them to leave and Mack pinning my shoulders to the bed while Jim's
tongue was lapping at my now heated cunt.  His warm, moist mouth
clamped on my clit was driving me crazy with desire for sex.  God, I knew it
was wrong, wrong, but my motor was running now, it was happening just as
my brother had known it would.  Grinning, he said, "See what I mean, Jim?

All ya gotta do is touch the button and she becomes the hottest fuck
in town."  I was mortally embarrassed, but Mack was right, my motor was
running and I didn't care what either of them did or said so long as
they both fucked me.  Fucked me long and hard!  I was a little
worried, because Jim had the reputation of being very rough.

	They soon had me across the bed with Jim kneeling between my
legs licking and kissing my cunt while brother Mack, on the other side of
the bed was astraddle my head, thrusting his cock into my mouth.  Ooooh! 
What feelings rippled through me!  Jim couldn't stand it anymore, and
got up on the bed and slid his cock into my very slick vagina, and I
was in heaven with one fucking my mouth and the other my pussy.  I could
feel Mack coming and almost as soon as he did, he flopped over on the
bed and passed out.  Jim got off of me, for some reason acting very
angry, and taking my hand, led me into the dining room next to the
table, then went into the kitchen, first roughly telling me not to
move.

	I was shocked speechless when he returned with a butcher knife
in his hand, I thought he was going to kill me, but then said, "I'm not
perverted, and I won't hurt you if you do what I say.  But damn it,
you do what I say."  He then told me to keep my feet on the floor and lie
back on the table and  spread my legs, and waving the knife in front
of my face, he shouted, "Spread them wider!"  As I did he stepped between
them and knelt and went down on me, all the while letting the knife
touch my inner legs.  I tried to think how much I hated him for doing
this, but I felt myself becoming more and more excited.  I closed my
eyes and twisted from side to side, as if trying to get away from his
tongue, though I really wanted his tongue to touch all parts of the
inside of my vagina.  I was getting so excited, somehow the threat of
the knife was exciting more, and I couldn't help grabbing his head and
pulling it into me, pulling his tongue in as much as possible.  And
then I came, over and over again.

	He got on top of me then and said in a rough voice, "Put it
in."  I was eager to do anything he said.  With one hand I held my pussy lips
open, with the other I guided his throbbing cock right into my gaping cunt. 
His cock wasn't any bigger around than average, but was long and slim.

I wanted very badly to feel it all the way up inside of me.  In just a
few thrusts I felt him coming, and I came again, too.  I felt the cold
steel of the knife against one of my legs, but I knew he wouldn't hurt
me, and all I could think about was his long prick, long and slim, all
the way up inside me, and I came and came again.  Then he left.

	I was so turned on then that I couldn't stop.  I got a glass
of cold water and went in and poured it on Mack's face, instantly bringing him
alive again.  I placed his hand on my now seething pussy and was
gratified to see his cock also coming alive.  It grew and grew until
it stood like a mighty oak.  With a sigh, I straddled him and sank down
over his hard shaft, kissing him, feeling his tongue darting into my
mouth, I came almost at once.  I know it must sound crazy, but I
wanted more and more, so was delighted when  right then Jim returned with
Billy Bob and Gordon, both a year younger than Mack.

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com
site mirrors at:
http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/mirrors.htm

Be There.....

