Copyright © 1998,    Lil N.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.




DADDY'S LIL PET.


I had woken up in the middle of the night. Something had woken me up and I
didn't know what. I got up from bed and went into the hallway. The house was
so dark, so I had to tiptoe to keep from making alot of noise. I heard the
noise again and froze.

I think it was moaning..I couldn't be sure.

I heard i again. It was coming from Mommy and Daddy's room.
I stepped closer. The door was open. I peeked in and held my breath at what I
saw. My eyes went wide.

Mommy was on her knees, her face buried in a pillow, her hands gripping it
tightly. Daddy was kneeling behind her, his hands gripping her hips as he
humped into her. They were both naked. 

He looked up to see me peeking in at them. A smile formed slowly on Daddy's
lips and he watched me watching them. Then he really started humping into
Mommy'a ass, not taking his eyes away from me. I stared, my mouth hanging
open.

I wondered if this was what my friend Angie had told me about before : two
people fucking. I felt itching in between my legs, and fought back the urge to
scratch. Daddy kept staring at me as he continued humping into Mommy. I
watched as Mommy started pushing back against Daddy. Suddenly she yelled out,
screaming curse words. Daddy's face got real red and wrinkled,
squeezing his eyes tightly closed. He kinda' lost control and really humped
into Mommy, breathing hard.

Then it was over......Daddy fell on Mommy's back, and they both  fell onto
their stomachs, with Daddy on top of Mommy. I still stared, watching them
relaxing from what they had done. Then I saw Daddy - he looked at me and
smiled again. 

I suddenly backed away, and quietly went to my room. I scurried under the
covers and laid back on my pillows, going over in my mind what I had just
seen. I wondered if what my friend Angie had told was true...about a man's
penis growing bigger and stuff coming out of it..... I yawned....was getting
sleepy...

The next day Daddy woke me up, telling me to come down and have breakfast. I
came down stairs and sat at the kitchen table wearing my pj's and robe. Daddy
was there, drinking coffee and looking at his newspaper. Daddy smiled at me as
I started eating my cereal. I had wanted to ask a thousand questions about
what I saw last night , but was afraid to. Silently I ate my cereal, my mind
full of questions. Then I heard daddy clear his throat. I looked up.

"Yes daddy?" I asked. He looked at me, smiling.
"Sweetheart, I saw you watching me and Mommy last night."
I Blushed. "I'm sorry Daddy I heard something and I wanted to know what it
was." I blurted it out. My face felt really hot.

Daddy got up and sat next to me taking my hand. "It's allright Sweetheart. I
knew you were there. And I know you have questions. Right?"

I shook my head. He smiled and kissed me on my forehead.
Daddy was always kind and wonderful to me. He was very special to me.

"Any question, Daddy?"
"Yes Honey."
"Were you and Mommy.....well, what were....uh...."
Daddy laughed and took my hand" It's ok Honey. We were making love."
"But Angie calls it another word..."
"You mean Fucking?"
I nodded my head. Daddy squeezed my hand." Yes Honey I was fucking Mommy last
night."
"Wow" I breathed. I stared into Daddy's eyes as he said this...and I saw
something there. I licked my lips...they were dry. Daddy smiled again...he had
such a wonderful smile.
I glanced down the front of his closed robe, and saw a lump there. I quickly
pulled my eyes away. Daddy laughed.

"It's ok Honey..." he said. He pulled his robe open, and I gasped.
Daddy was naked under the robe. And I could see his penis. It was long and
hard and looked shiney. He pulled my hand closer to his chest. Without a word
he pulled my small hand down to his penis. I could feel it with my fingertips.
It was smooth and hard and hot.

Daddy moaned slightly as I did this. I stared at his penis. I was fascinated
by what I saw...and I wanted to know more. Daddy let go of my hand. I left my
hand on his penis, rubbing it lightly. He moaned more.

"Does it feel good when I do this, Daddy ?"
"Oh yes baby" he smiled. " See Honey, it's getting harder."
He was right. I could feel it throbbing against my hand now.
I fidgeted in my chair. I was feeling the same way as I did last night when I
was watching Daddy fucking Mommy.

Daddy leaned closer to me. "Feeling funny, Baby?"

I nodded. Daddy slipped his hand into my robe and under my pj. I could feel
his fingers slipping into my panties. Then I gasped. I felt his fingers slip
into my vagina. His finger swirled around a bit, then pulled out. Daddy looked
at his wet finger.

"You're getting horney, Sweetheart." He said. He looked at me straight in my
eyes. "I think you're ready, Baby. Why don't I teach you all you need to know
about sex? You trust me don't you?"

I nodded my head. I do trust my Daddy very much. He took my hand and pulled me
away from the table. Silently he led me upstairs and into his bedroom. He took
off his robe and tossed it on the floor. He sat at the edge of the bed and
smiled at me. I couldn't help staring at his penis, which seemed to have grown
larger in he last few minutes.

Daddy waved for me to come closer, which I did. He kissed me on the cheek as
he undid my robe, and pulled it off of my body.

"Daddy, where's Mommy?" I asked, suddenly feeling awkward.
"She's out of town for the weekend ....visiting Grandma.She'll call later." He
started unbuttoning my pj gown." This is our secret. No one, not even Mommy,
should know about this.  Ok?"

I nodded my head. I always kept my promises. Daddy had me out of my pj in no
time, then slipped my panties off my body. He moaned as he saw me standing
naked in front of him.

"You want Daddy to make you feel good?"
I nodded. I had heard from Angie that you could feel really great from rubbing
yourself up against a guy. But here now Daddy was going to show me how to
really feel good.

Daddy smiled. "Ok Baby, lie on your back on the bed and spread your legs open
for me."

I did what Daddy asked. I watched as he bent his face closer to my vagina.
Then I gasped. His tongue suddenly went in. It made me tingle all over. I felt
his hot tongue searching in me...going all around. He then sucked on a lil
bump that really tingled!

Daddy brought his face up and looked at me. "Honey, I'm sucking your cunt.
And sucking your lil clit..this." he said and went back to sucking that lil
bump. I  arched my back and gasped again. It felt so good!!

"WOW!" I gasped. Daddy moaned.  I could feel him slipping a finger into me,
and slowly  began to move  it back and forth into me. It was really beginning
to feel great. I wanted more.
I wiggled my hips again, trying to get his finger in deeper.

Daddy looked up at me and smiled. "Like that, Baby?"
"Oh yes Daddy!"
"Good." he said. He rose up on his knees between my open legs. He began to
stroke himself. "This is also called a cock, Honey."

I smiled at him, still moving my hips.

"And it goes in here." he said, pointing to my vagina. "And I'm going to put
it in now, baby."

I nodded my head. I wasn't afraid.  Daddy leaned over me, holding himself over
my body. With his hand he took his cock and slowly put the tip in between my
pussy lips. I sighed. It felt good. I wanted more.

"it's going to feel really good, Baby." He cooed. " I won't hurt you
sweetheart."

Then slowly he pushed his cock in even more. I felt a twinge of pain, then
felt something very hot. Daddy sighed.

"That was your cherry, Honey." he said. "Daddy just took your virginity." I
looked at my Daddy's eyes. He had that look when he was fucking Mommy.

Then he started humping. Slowly at first. Long, slow strokes. He kept his
weight off of my body with his hands on the bed. He stared into my eyes as he
humped faster....harder...

I gasped with each hump he gave me. At first it kinda' hurt. But soon enough
it started to feel good !! I could feel Daddy's cock going deeper into me each
time he humped me. And I could feel it throbbing!!!

He was going faster now, humping me harder. And I felt something happening
inside me...a tingling. It kept getting bigger and bigger. And it was feeling
good. Daddy kept humping harder.

"Uuunnnnnnn........cucummmiinngg!!!" he shouted. And with that I felt
something really hot shoot into my pussy. Then I screamed out. I felt
it...like wave after wave of something that felt sooo good. I couldn't believe
it! My body jumped up and down and shook as daddy was cumming in me. I never
felt something like that before!! I held onto Daddy as it began to go away.
But I wanted that feeling to stay. I told Daddy this.

Rolling off of me, he said "Don't worry Baby. We'll do this again."

I was happy. Daddy was going to make my body happy again, and make it feel
good. I hugged Daddy. Daddy kissed me on my forehead and wrapped his arms
around me.

"Sweet Baby," he whispered. "Yes, you are Daddy's lil Pet..."


(author - Lil N)

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
 


