Archive-name: Family/lilsis.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sweet Little Sister


     My younger sister Lois has a great body (38-24-37) in 
contrast to my puny 34-25-36 measurements.  I used to tell her 
that she should have gone in for modeling. There have been many 
times when we've seen each other naked.  Once, I was in the 
shower while she was putting on her make-up at the bathroom sink.  
She was naked and I, forgetting she was there, came out of the 
shower to get a towel.  That was the first time it happened and 
when I commented to her about trying to be a model, she countered 
with a friendly compliment about my "petite" figure, and how she 
wished her tits were small like mine.  I knew it was a lie, but I 
loved her for saying it.  Right now, though, with all that's 
happened, I'm not sure I know how I feel about her anymore.  But 
maybe I shouldn't blame her at all.  Maybe it's all Billy's 
fault. 

     Billy and I had been going together for about a month when 
he met Lois.  He and I weren't sure where our relationship was 
headed, but we were pretty content with it, and had our share of 
sexy times along the way.  There'd been a lot of sloppy kissing 
and heavy breathing (the breathing part was all mine).  He knew 
about the padding in my bra and the true size of my breasts, 
since I let him feel me under the cups.  After that, it was me 
who undid my pants and guided his hand in there so he could 
finger fuck me.  I never got so hot and worked up in all my life.  
After he drove me home, I had to walk from the car to my front 
door bow legged, my panties were so soaked and sticky.  Even that 
time, though, we didn't go all the way.  He saw he had me coming 
good, and made a move to open his pants.  I could see the bulge 
behind his zipper, but even so, I stopped him.  Maybe it was kind 
of cruel, but I wasn't ready for the relationship to go that far 
just yet.  I wasn't a virgin by any means, but I had scruples. 

     When I first introduced Billy to Lois, I saw instantly that 
he found her extremely attractive. (Did she have to wear the 
halter top and her cut off jeans that night?)  She looked like a 
sexpot. If I put my hand on Billy's crotch right then, I'm sure I 
would have felt the biggest hard-on a man could have.  I could 
see she was interested, too.  She kept smiling and making 
comments about the way she was dressed, saying that she hoped he 
liked the color of the halter she was wearing, when it was 
obvious it wasn't the material he was staring at.  I should have 
known right then. 

     About two weeks later, Billy called to cancel our date for 
that night, saying he didn't feel well.  Fool that I was, I 
decided to go over to his place anyway.  I guess I wanted to 
prove something to him.  That I cared, that I'd stand by him in 
sickness or health.  I don't know. 

     Billy lives in a ground floor apartment at the rear of the 
building.  The easiest access to his apartment is a rear door, 
which is right next to Billy's bedroom window.  I had my hand on 
the knob, ready to go in, when I heard a moan coming from the 
window.  I thought he must really be sick to sound so pained; 
until I realized that the moaning was too rhythmic, to calm and 
contented to be pain.  When I heard him moan the words "Oh baby, 
do it, like that, oh yeah," I went right to the window to see 
what was going on.  The window was raised about six inches.  I 
reached in and quietly spread the slats of the venetian blinds. 

     I was looking right at my sister's round naked ass. Her 
cheeks were spread, exposing her brown asshole.  An oily line of 
vaginal juice dribbled from her cunt, leaving a small trail from 
her crotch to her knee.  She was horny as hell and, when she 
moved to the side a bit, I could see she was contentedly licking 
my boyfriend's swollen cock.  I'd said that Billy's hard on was 
big, but until then I had no idea of its actual size.  His thing 
was like a cop's billy club (no pun intended).  I was surprised 
to see that when Lois took it in her mouth, her lips went right 
down to the hilt.  Now I've given guys blowjobs before, but that 
monster would have gagged me for sure.  She worked him expertly, 
fondling his balls all the while.  Then, she'd stop for a few 
minutes and, while she was kissing his massive member to give him 
a chance to subside, she'd finger herself into a heavy lather. 

     While keeping one hand inside the window so the venetian 
blinds would stay open, I used the other hand to loosen my own 
pants.  My cunt was already drooling, watching my sister's tongue 
and suck action.  I worked my clit to a near climax, crouching at 
the window, by the time Lois straddled my hunk and positioned him 
at her hole.  He slid in slowly, spreading her twat so wide that 
she nearly screamed.  By the time he was all the way in her, I 
had two fingers pushed up inside of me, and I was rocking on my 
heels to keep the rhythm going, humping those fingers like mad.  
My two fingers were nothing in comparison to what Lois was 
getting drilled into her.  She was sliding up and down his meaty 
shaft like a crazy woman, groaning on the upswing, grunting as 
she came down, pushing him all the way inside of her until his 
hammer hit home, probably bumping her cervix.  Boy, I thought, 
her box is going to be sore tonight. 

     I closed the blinds and tried to fantasize that Billy's 
mammoth wang was pushing in and out of me, while I fingered 
myself.  But I was too jealous of my sister and what she was 
doing with my boyfriend, and feeling too sorry for myself to 
really concentrate.  When I did come, it was nothing to speak of.  
No fireworks, no stars.  And I still would be walking home bow 
legged.  All the discomfort, but little of the pleasure to make 
it worthwhile. 

     I heard a gasp from the bedroom and I resumed my watching.  
Lois was practically jumping, she was riding Billy so fast.  She 
was going like a hurricane and about to explode.  When it was 
done, she lay on top of Billy with him still inside of her.  They 
kissed while he continued to work away.  In that position, I had 
a clear view of him going in and sliding out, all slimy and slick 
from my sister's cunt juices.  After a few moments he began 
pumping in and out, faster and faster, like a piston in a revving 
engine.  Lois gasped - his sudden speed had got her coming again. 
Billy suddenly moaned like he was dying.  His white jism dribbled 
out of her distended cunt to mix with her own horny juices on the 
bed sheet.  When she whispered her own horse, frantic "Oh my God, 
yes!" I knew it was all over.

     Since then, I've caught Lois a few more times with Billy, 
but have never confronted her about it.  In a way, I find it 
really erotic that my younger sister is getting it on with my 
boyfriend.  I hope she feels the same way when she introduces me 
to her next boyfriend.
--
