Try this one...

7 am and Linda was awake.  She did not have to work, for her
cousins had died and left her well off.  She lay in bed and
stretched like  a cat.  She felt very good, very relaxed and
satisfied.
Linda was more often then not bored.  She went shopping, went to
shows, treated her girls friends to vacations with her.  Yet she still
spent a great deal of time alone.
She lays back on the bed now, the warm, soft, summer breeze
gently flowing in the window and over her skin.  Her nipples harden
at the caress of the wind.  She sighs as her fingers travel over her
breasts, down her tummy and finally to her mound.  She stretches
and bends her right knee, letting her leg fall to the side.  Her fingers
find her slit and she begins to stroke it.  Sighing, she smiles.

Her mind wanders and she is in a dungeon, chained from the ceiling
in the middle of the room.  Naked, trembling, she watches her
captor as he approaches her.  She wants to ask him why, but he
has gagged her tightly, and she can only moan.  She sinks deeper
into the fantasy now, and it is as if he is in the room with her,
really touching her.

He caresses her soft, supple skin, feels her body quiver under his
fingers.  He smiles, and reaches up to tweak her nipples.  They
respond to his touch growing long and hard.  His hands travel down
her body, grip her ass and squeeze.  She looks at him, her eyes
pleading, and he smiles.

He pushes her legs to part them and she resists.  Undaunted, he
pushes them apart, and taking each foot, chains it securely to some
rings in the floor.  She is now helpless, vulnerable, his.  She
struggles, to no avail.  He walks to a nearby table and picks up a
small whip and returns to stand beside her.  As he raises the whip,
her eyes once again plead with him to have mercy.  :::crack !! :::::
the whip lands on the soft, tender, white flesh of her ass.  Her
muffled cries mean nothing to him.  :::::crack !!!:::  the whip lands
on her ass again, and tears form in her eyes.  She flinches as he
caresses the rising red welts on her ass, and smiles.


He moves to stand before her, and begins to undress.  Her eyes
widen in fear, knowing what is to come.  When he removes his
pants, her fears grow stonger as she sees his manhood.  It is huge.
Long, hard, throbbing.  She could see it pulse, knew he was going
to part her pussy and drive it into her.  Inspite of her fear, she felt
herself becoming excited, very excited.  This did not go un-noticed
by her captor.  He moved close to her, leaned down and let his lips
2
and tongue gently caress, and suckle on her nipples. as his hands
roamed freely over her trembling body.  Linda tries to turn away from
him, she can not.  She feels his teeth as they nip at her tender flesh,
and a moan is caught and held in her gag.  He nips her tender
nipples, the underside of her breasts.  With one hand he reaches up
to take hold of her long blonde hair, and wraps his fist in it.  His other
hand moves down her body.  Finding her mound, he cruely dug his
fingers into her slit.  As she struggled and moaned, he pushed his
fingers deeper, harder into her, feeling the warm, moist heat of her
pussy.

Linda hears him chuckle as he feels her wetness, and is
humiliated that he knows she is excited.  Faster now, deeper, he
pushes his fingers into her, fucking her hard, now and then
capturing her clit.  He feels her trembling, his fingers covered with
her juices, hears her breathing quicken.  He knows she likes this,
knows she wants him.  He fingers her almost to orgasm, then
pulls his fingers away.  Standing before her, he watches her
writhe and moan in her chains, not from fear now, but lust, need.
He moves to sit in a nearby chair and makes himself comfortable.
In no hurry, he is pleased to watch her need, to experience it.

Lindas fantasy has her so hot, in such great need, she cums
on her own fingers, spasm after spasm racking her lithe young
body as she sees herself  chained before the strange man.
When the spasms subside, Linda opens her eyes and finds
herself in her own bed, alone.   She smiles, and knows that
later, when she has rested, she will return to the fantasy again,
and pick up where she left off.


Linda spent her day shopping.  She went into a varitety of stores,
not sure what she wanted, what she was looking for.  She came to
a store that specialized in exotic lingerie.  She browsed through
the silken gowns, feeling the cool, smooth cloth against her delicate
skin.  She fell in love with a thin strapped, short, red silk gown.
She decided to buy it.  When she went to pay for it, she noticed
a variety of what appeared to be ankle and wrist cuffs.  Intrigued,
she asked to see them.  The woman put them on the counter
and Linda picked them up.  She turned them over in her hands,
feeling the hard unforgiving leather and buckles.  The inside of the
cuffs were lined with fur.  Soft, wonderful fur that caressed the
skin.  The combination of leather and fur excited her, and she
bought them too.  On her way home she wondered what had
come over her.
3
She cleaned her house, did some other errands and chores for
the rest of the afternoon.  That evening, she fixed herself a small
dinner and relaxed in front of the tv for awhile.  When she began
to get drowsy she rose and went to take her shower.  Adjusting
the water so that the temperature was on the hot side, she
stepped in.  The spray felt wonderful on her tired
muscles. Taking the soap, she began to lather her body.
Slowly she massaged the lather over her skin, taking the time
to let her fingers linger upon her nipples, cupping her breasts
in her hands and holding them out to the hot spray.  She
pinched her nipples between her fingers and sighed.  Once again
her hands traveled her body, caressing, lathering, washing her
supple skin. If anyone had been watching, they would have seen
this lovely woman enjoying a sensual shower.  Her nipples hard
and extended, goose bumps rising upon her skin as the hot
water cascaded over her, the lather rinsing away like a white
river down her tummy, over her mound, and down her legs.

Refreshed and relaxed, she stepped out of the shower, dried off
and perfumed her beautiful body.  She turned in front of the full
length mirror, admiring herself.  Her tits are large, but firm, her ass
tight and round.  Putting one foot on the edge of the tub, she
spread her legs and looked at her pussy.  She slid a finger into
her slit, stroking her clit.  It is large, and extrememly sensitive.
She sighed and put her foot on the floor.  She went to her bedroom
and took the cuffs she had bought and put them on, ankles first,
followed by the wrist cuffs.  She shivered as the fur caressed her
skin, her nipples responded and became long and hard.  Linda
lay back on the bed, closed her eyes.

The fantasy returned.  She is tied, writhing in the agony of great
need.  He watches her, loves to see her in such need.  She can
hear him chuckle.  She would have been begging him to please
her, to let her cum, if she were not gagged.  For now, she can
only tell him with the movements of her body that she wants him,
needs him to fuck her and relieve her need.  Her eyes find his
and plead for mercy.  He arose from the chair and came to stand
before her.  As yet, he has said nothing, only smiled at her, now
when he speaks, she jumps at the sound of his voice.  It is a
deep voice, full and rich.

"You are such a lovely woman, born to be used, to be a slave.
I will enjoy you immensely."  he tells her.  Now his hands reach 
out, he caresses her breasts, her ass.  Pulls her close to him.
Linda moans as she feels his long, hard cock against her mound.
4
She thrusts her hips forward, wanting him to enter her.  He is
not yet ready to take her, and moves away.  Linda cries. 

On the bed, Linda is fingering her pussy with passion, feeling
her hot juices flow, her body trembling in heat, in need.  Her
nipples ache, and she pinches first one, then the other.  Moaning
louder with each passing minute, her fantasy continues.

He wraps his fist in her long blonde hair again, pulls her face to his.
With a passion she has never before known, he lowers his lips to hers,
and begins to devour her very soul in the heat of his passion.  His lips
grind down on hers, his tongue snakes out, pushes between her full
soft lips, tastes her essence.  Lindas breathing is fast and ragged, her
hands roaming her body, caressing, pinching, stroking as her fantasy
runs full force.

As he kisses her lips, he slides his hand down her tummy, down
between her legs.  She is so hot, so wet, she wants to cum.  He
releases her lips and whispers in her ear, "you may not cum. If you do,
I will have to punish you.  Do you want me to punish you?" he asks.
Linda shakes her head no.  He smiles at her, trails kisses down her
throat, to her nipples.  He sucks and licks first one, then the other, and
as his fingers slip into her pussy and begin to fuck her, he gently bites
her tit.  Faster, deeper, he plunges his fingers into her, stretching her,
kneading the tender nub of her clit with his thumb.  Through her gag,
Linda screams in awesome pleasure and she begins to cum.... 


Lindas body convulses on the bed, just as it does in the ropes of her
fantasy.  She is cumming, cumming hard and strong.  As wave after
wave of pleasure threatens to overwhelm her slender body, she hears
the man in her fantasy promise, "you will be punished for that".

Linda awoke the next morning, stretched like a cat, and got up.  Her
fantasy of the night before having satisified her very well.  She took
her shower and went out for the day.  She decided that she wanted
to do some more shopping.  Specifically, shopping for whatever
'toys' might interest her at the adult book stores.  Though not an
innocent, Linda was not far from one.  Sure, she had a lover or two
in her past, but no one significant, and neither had ever made her
really happy in bed.  She wanted more.  Just what, or how much
more she wanted, she did not know.  She was however, eager to
learn.

She found an adult book store and almost shyly entered.  Not
accustomed to seeing the type of pictures and implements  on
display, she felt just a little ill at ease.  "May I help you ma'am?"
she heard from the man behind the counter.  He was an older
man, gray hair, but nice looking.  Linda opened her mouth to say
something, but nothing came out.  The man looked at her and
said, "welcome to my store.  My name is John, and I own this
place.  You can relax, no one here will harm you.  Feel free to
look around."  At this, Linda visibly relaxed, and flashed a
small smile at him, "Thank you" she whispered as she began
to look around.  She felt the need to leave quickly, until she
saw a magazine that caught her eye.


On the cover there was a picture of a young woman, bound,
gagged, and her tits tied in a leather halter.  A man standing
behind her holding a riding crop, as if he were going to lay it
upon the womans ass.  Lindas body gave immediate response
to that photo.  She picked up the magazine and went to the
counter.  John smiled at her and told her he was glad she
had found something of interest.  When Linda looked up at him
she noticed some vibrators behind him.  Her eyes went wide.
John looked to where she was looking then back to her.  He
picked up one of the rubber cocks, about 8 " long and set it
on the counter.  "I am told, that this one does wonders."  He
flipped a switch, and the dildo began to vibrate, and to
make small circles of movement !  Linda thought it was 
awesome.  She told him she would take it, paid for her
things and quickly left.  John watched her leave, hoping she
would come back.  She was a pretty little thing.

Once back in the safety of her apartment, Linda flopped in
a chair and wondered if she was losing her mind.  Cuffs !!
magazines !!  and now a Vibrator??  Her new found desires
frightened and excited her all at once.  She told herself, "I
just won't look at them, or use them !!"

She lied to herself.

That evening Linda could not concentrate on anything.  Her
mind kept wandering to her purchases of the day.  Finally,
she went to her bedroom and took the magazine and vibrator
out of the bag.  Sitting on the bed, she opened the magazine
and began flipping through the pages.  Each picture was of
a bound woman, in various types of bindings, and appearing
to undergo various types of punishment.  One girl on her knees
in front of a man, was being whipped as she sucked his cock,
another had clamps on her nipples, and a chain ran through
the clamps.

Lindas pussy grew very wet, she was hot.  She dimmed the
light in the bedroom and undressed.  She lay back on the bed
and continued looking at the magazine.  The more she saw,
the hotter she got.  Picking up the vibrator, she looked at it,
then brought it to her lips.  She imagined she was tied up,
forced to suck cock.


As she tongued the end of the hard rubber cock, she closed
her eyes and began to softly moan.  She was unaware that
she had an audience.

Across the way, a man watched her from his window.  Linda
had forgotten to pull her shade down tonight.  The man had
been glancing out his window from the building next door when
he came across Lindas window.  The sight of the lovely young
woman laying naked on her bed, sucking a rubber cock, took
his breath away.  Riveted to the spot, he could not turn away
if he wanted to.  His cock was hard and throbbing.  He slowly
began to stroke it as he watched the young woman.

Unaware of her carelessness, Linda lay the vibrator down
on the bed, and went to her dresser.  She took out her cuffs
and returned to the bed.  She cuffed her own wrists and
ankles, then returned to mouthing the vibrator.  Closing her
eyes, she fantasized.

She is on her knees, cuffed, chained.  His long hard cock between
her lips.  She is sucking on it, moving her head up and down,
swirling her tongue around the head of it, now and then licking
the length of it.  Suddenly, she gasps as she feels the bite of a
strap upon her bare ass.  She hears his rich, deep voice as he
says, "that's it, suck my cock little slave.  Suck it deep, I want to
feel your throat on my cock."

In reality, Linda is sucking more of the vibrator into her mouth,
deeper, as if it were a real cock.  The fingers of her other hand
busy on her pussy.

"Mmmmm, yes, little slave, that's it, suck it" he tells her.  Moaning,
Linda takes his cock deeper into her mouth, sucking harder.
Suddenly, he pulls away from her mouth.  Without warning, he
pushes her to her back and pulls her legs wide.  "I am going to
fuck you my little slave, fuck you good."

Linda moves the vibrator to her pussy now, and rubs it in her
slit, coating it with her hot juice.  As her fantasy continues, she
slowly starts to push the vibrator into her pussy.


She struggles against him as he falls between her legs.  She can
feel his hard cock throb against her mound.  "No" she whispers.
Ignoring her, his cock finds her hot, wet hole and he pushes.
His cock is long, wide and hard.  It stretches her as he pushes in.
"Aaaaarggg" she moans as he buries his cock into her belly, and
begins fucking her.  Harder, deeper he pounds his cock into her
cunt.  She is hot, she is in need, her hips begin to move as she
responds to him.  "Yes, that's it fuck me slave" he says to her.

Laying on the bed, Linda shoves the vibrator deep into herself,
fucking it in and out.  Across the way, Larry watches the young
woman, facinated, breathing fast and ragged, his hard cock
turning purple as it throbbed painfully.  Moaning, Linda is caught
in her fantasy :

Just as Linda is ready to cum, he stops.  Frantically Linda grabs
at his hips, tries to pull his cock back into her pussy.  He laughs
at her.  "Remember, I said you would be punished for cumming?
Well, your punishment is about to begin."  So saying he arose and
grabbed her cuffed hands.  He drug her to the bed and quickly
tied her to it.  "No ! Please!"  Linda begged.  When she was tied,
he caressed her nipples, her tummy, down to her mound.  She
was his, spread wide, open, helpless.  He chuckled as his finger
found her clit and he stroked it gently.  Linda nearly lost it then,
her body writhing in desire.

Moving to the dresser, he opens a drawer and removes a riding
crop.  He returns to her.  "Slave, do you want to cum?" he asked.
"Yes, oh yes!!" she moaned.  "Then cum to the crop my dear" he
responded as the crop landed upon her swollen left nipple.
"AAAAAAAArRRRGGGGG!! " she cried out.  Even before she
had voiced that cry, the crop had landed upon her right nipple.
She felt his fingers push into her pussy as the crop found her
tender left nipple again, and bit the soft flesh.  He was cruel,
drove his fingers into her deeply, slapped each nipple in turn.
Then he captured her clit in his fingers and stroked it.

Linda screamed and writhed, in her fantasy and in reality as she
came and came and came.  Across the way, Larry was on his
knees now.  He had cum harder,and more then he ever had in his
life as he watched the young blonde violate her own body.  His
heart pounding in his chest, he decided then and there that she
was his.  She would belong to him. As he got up from the floor he
began making plans to capture his hearts desire.


