        Hi, I'm  Sue, and I've got a bit of a thing when it comes
        to lingerie. I love all sorts, from skimpy G-strings to lacy basques, 
        and on evenings when I'm staying in alone l often strip down to my 
        undies. I especially like panties which can be pulled tight into 
        my pussy, creating a delicious, tingling friction which soon has my 
        love juice flowing.  
    
        So naturally when Steve, an old flame of mine, mentioned to me 
        that a college pal of his had started designing lingerie I wanted 
        to hear more. Steve went one better, and set up a meeting with the 
        designer at her place in the countryside.
          
        I turned up at Ingrid's house wearing a demure little dress, but 
        underneath it I had some of my favorite white undies, and as always 
        happens when I wear them, I was feeling pretty horny.  To teIl you 
        the truth, I even stopped in a quiet country lane during the drive 
        there so I could play with my pussy!  
    
        When Ingrid opened the door to me my jaw dropped and I just stood 
        there for a moment, staring. She was a beauty, with a really 
        sultry, sexy face and a great figure. She flashed a seductive smile 
        at me and said, "Hi, you must be Sue. I've heard a lot about you." 
        The way she said it suggested Steve had told her a few little 
        intimate things about me... and I began to suspect we might be in 
        for some real fun.  
    
        Ingrid led me through to her livingroom, a beautifully big, sunny 
        room with a great view.  Every chair and table was piled with 
        exquisite lingerie. Ingrid put on some soft music and then went out 
        to make some coffee, leaving me gazing enraptured at the frothy 
        lace and the elegant silks and satins of her designs.   
        Almost at once I began to experience the familiar tingling sensation 
        that starts wilh my nipples and travels right down to my pussy. I was 
        getting turned on just looking at all this sexy underwear, imagining how
        it would feel against my skin.
        
        By the time Ingrid retuned with the coffee l was feeling 
        excidedly horny. We sat and chatted for a while, and then lngrid 
        said, "Okay Sue, do you want to try some outfits?"

        I took off my demure little dress, and was just starting to unclip 
        my garter belt when Ingrid turned around to look at me. "Wow, Steve 
        told me you had a fantastic body, but I wasn't expecting this!" she 
        cried, Bashing me a teasing smile. I felt myself start to blush, to 
        my amazement. I've never been shy about my body, but I guess Ingrid 
        had caught me off guard, being business-like one minute and frankly 
        flirtatious the next.  
  
        Lowering my eyes and trying to calm down, I started to peel off my 
        stockings. When they were off I unclipped my bra, letting my firm 
        boobs free. I could have sworn I heard a sharp intake of breath from 
        Ingrid as my tits came into full view.  I stood there for a moment,
        uncertain. Was it just my imagination, or was Ingrid getting as turned
        on as me'? Then I hooked my fingers into the sides of my panties, and
        slowly pulled them down. Ingrid's eyes met mine. "It seems a shame to 
        cover up that wonderful body at all." she murmured, "but I think these 
        will suit you." And with that she held out a pair of flimsy red silk 
        panties with a matching camisole.   I've always loved the tantalizing
        sensation of pure silk against my skin, and with Ingrid's eyes 
        following my every move I really had to struggle to keep control when 
        the cool fabric brushed against my pussy. I could feel myself getting 
        really wet and it was getting pretty difficult to resist the 
        temptation to slip my fingers into the crotch of the panties and rub 
        my aching clitty.  

        "That looks great," Ingrid said softly, snapping me out of my reverie.
        "Now how about these?" And she held out a sexy cream basque and 
        matching panties. I could hardly wait to get into them, but I was 
        getting so excited I seemed to have lost control of my fingers. 
  
        Hard as I tried, I just couldn't do up the hooks which ran all the 
        way down the front of the basque.  Ingrid giggled, saying, "You look 
        like you need a hand," as she moved close to me. Her perfume was 
        sweet and alluring, and I could feel her warmth as her sure fingers 
        carefully fastened the hooks for me.  When the basque was done up, 
        Ingrid's hands lingered against my boobs. There was a real air of 
        expectation building up between us; I knew something was going to 
        happen, but I was getting so nervous waiting for it I decided I had to 
        make the first move. Gently I took Ingrid's hand and pressed it more 
        firmly against me, so she could feel my hardening nipples poking 
        through the thin fabric. I let out an involuntary gasp as her fingers 
        began to rub my nipple. I grabbed Ingrid's other hand and ran it down
        my body to my pussy, keeping my own hand clasped on top of it.  Using
        the pressure of her hand and mine combined I began to rub and stroke
        at my cunt through the flimsy panties, feeling my love juice seep 
        through the fabric and dampen my fingers. Now Ingrid's fingers began 
        to move independently of mine, searching and probing arnound the
        crotch of the panties as they found their way to my sticky slit. 
        I was wetter than l've ever been in my life; the slow build-up of 
        lust through the whole of the afternoorn had gotten me really hot!  

        Ingrid's finger slipped up and down my dripping pussy lips, then 
        sought my firm clitty and began to rub it harder. By the time the 
        tip of her finger had started to tease the edge of my love tunnel 
        I could feel a climax building up. Without warning, one wet finger 
        slid right up into my cunt, and l feIl my pussy walls spasm as I came.
        Ingrid began to finger-fuck me in earnest then, pushing my 
        legs wider apart so she could get three wriggling fingers inside me. 
        I was revelling in the sensations of ecstasy, but Ingrid wasn't 
        satisfied.  "I want to taste your cunt," she said suddenly, kneeling 
        down in front of me and pulling my panties right off so she had 
        full access to my juicy hole. With gentle fingers she held my pussy
        lips wide apart as her tongue could reach right inside me. As she
        lashed at me with her hot tongue, her breath burning my sensitive 
        flesh, I moaned and gasped my way to another incredible climax.  

        Once l'd calmed down a little - which took quite some time, as 
        Ingrid didn't let up her pussy licking for a second - I looked down 
        to see that one hand was burrowing between her parted thighs. I 
        couldn't see too much as she was still fully dressed, albeit a 
        little disheveled, and I decided I couldn't wait a moment longer 
        for a look at her naked cunt. Sinking to the floor beside her, I 
        began to undress her slowly. She just lay back, smiling at me as l 
        stripped her, one hand still playing with her pussy beneath her 
        clothes.
        
        The body that came into view was spectacular. Her smooth tits were 
        so beautifully shaped I had to pause for a moment to lick and suck 
        them. Then I eased up her skirt to reveal stockingtops and an 
        expanse of smooth thigh.  Higher went the skirt, to show Ingrid's 
        lacy panties, pulled aside at the crotch as her fingers pushed in 
        and out of her love box. Her fingers were shiny with juice, and her 
        breathing was getting heavier. I worked her skirt right up around 
        her waist, pulled off her panties, and watched avidly as she 
        fingered herself to a climax in front of me. Although l've fucked 
        girls before, that was the first time I'd ever seen that and I found
        it an incredible turn on.  

        Straddling Ingrid's body, now gleaming with sweat, I dipped my head 
        to her pussy and took an experimental lick. She tasted so sweet I 
        stuck my tongue right into her without ceremony and began to eat her 
        out enthusiastically, as she repaid the compliment with some more 
        tongueing to my quivering cunt. We were rolling about the floor in 
        our frantic 69 when a sharp tap on the window made us both freeze.  
        Who should be standing there, grinning at us through the glass, but 
        Steve, the guy who'd brought us together!  Stepping through the patio
        door, he said, "Hi girls, I hope you don't nind me interrupting but 
        I couldn't resist seeing what you were doing. I just knew that you 
        two would really get off on each other!" 

        I didn't mind al aII - after aII, I'd fucked Steve often enough in 
        the past - but I wasn't sure how Ingrid would react. She was obviously
        so horny nothing would stop her though; her answer was to grab Steve 
        and puIl him towards her, pulling down his zipper so she could get to 
        work on his stiff dick. I moved up behind her, my boobs pressing 
        against her back, my hand wrapped around the base of Steve's 
        shaft as she sucked it, and my fingers sliding in and out of her 
        dripping cunt. The faster I probed lngrid's pussy, the harder she 
        sucked Steve's cock, and as he groaned and poured out his load into 
        her mouth, her thighs clamped shut over my hand and she climaxed 
        too.  
  
        We were far from firnished though. Steve pulled me onto my hands 
        and knees, knelt behind me, and pushed his shiny cock, still 
        dripping crearny cum, into my snatch. As he fucked me, lngrid 
        wriggled beneath me, face up so I could taste Sleve's cum from her 
        mouth as she kissed me. Her fingers moved to my cunt, pleasing 
        my pussy lips as they were stretched apart by Steve's rigid dick, 
        caressirng his halls and the base of his cock where it was slippery
        with my juice.  When he filled me up wilh jizz she kept her fingers 
        pressed against me so some of it ran down over her hand, then 
        brought it up to my face so I could suck the cream from her 
        slim finger's.
        
        Needless to say, lrngrid designs lots of underwear for me these
        days. I love her sexy designs -and trying them on always gives us 
        an excuse for another' wild and steamy sex session!
 




