Linda  Part 8
      It has been a good while since I wrote part #7.  I thought I had finally reached a point where I was ready to write this.  I guess that point is unreachable since I am still having a very hard time.  As I type one memory down I start remembering details I had pushed into a corner of my brain and refused to think about.  I guess those are the ones I need to look at. Oh well--here is part 8.   

The middle of 1974 was not a very happy time.  The doctors had changed Linda's medicine several times and each time seemed to make it worse.  They never could get the right combination of drugs to make all her problems stabilize. 
     Linda was having one of her withdrawal spells one night so I told her I was going for a ride.  She said she didn't want to go.  I was glad she didn't as I really needed some time by myself.  When Linda was like this there was no emotions between us at all and especially any type of sex.  When I left the house I knew I was headed for Raleigh.  It was about 45 minutes away and there was a large Adult Book Store there.  I had been there several times in the past year.
     It was dark as I parked in the lot behind the store.  I waited about 20 minutes to see who was going in and coming out.  I was just about to open the door when I was two guys come out.  I watched as they walked toward the back of the lot and into a group of trees.  
     About 10 minutes later they came out and one got in a car and drove off.  The other reentered the store.  He looked like a black or Hispanic guy.  I could not tell in the dim light.  He did have on a red shirt though.
     Getting out of my car I entered the back door of the store.  Going in the back way takes you right into the booth area.  
     I walked around a few minutes to let my eyes get use to the dark and at the same time I looked for a red shirt.  He must have left by the front door as he was not in the back area.  I found a booth showing a white girl getting gang-banged by a group of blacks and entered.  
     Before starting the movie I slid my hand along the wall.  Locating the hole into the next booth I bent down and peered in.  There was the guy in the red shirt with a large white dick in his mouth.  I watched a minute then without taking my eye from the hole I reached up and dropped a quarter in the slot to start my movie, which I didn't watch.  
     Finally the black guy stood up, dropped his pants and leaned forward against the wall.  Moving up behind him, the white guy slowly began fucking him in the ass.  
     When I looked up at the black guys face he was looking right at me.  I put two fingers through the hole for a second then took them out.  That was one of the signals that you wanted to suck the dick of the guy in that booth.  Looking through the hole once more I watched as he slowly moved along the wall.  As he slid his feet along I watched as his dick got closer and closer to me.  Reaching a spot in front of the hole he moved forward and his dick slid through and right into my mouth.  
     I took as much as I could in my mouth and each time the guy behind shoved his dick into his ass it shoved the black guys dick deeper into my mouth.
     This went on for a few minutes until I felt the white guy cumming.  Then the dick was gone and all I could see through the hole was dark.  The door to the booth opened and they walked out.
     I waited minute and left.  I walked outside and was about to get into my car when I saw the guy in the red shirt over by the trees.  As I watched he turned and walked into the trees.  
     Now I was horny but I don't walk into any trees at night when I don't know who is there.  I sat in the car and watched the spot where he had entered.  My eyes were more accustom to the dark now and I could make out more detail.  
     He finally came out and I watched as he dropped his pants and began rubbing his dick.  He knew I wanted to suck him off again.  I still was not going into the trees.  Finally he pulled his pants up and walked over to the car.  
     As he came up he said hi and ask if I wanted to take up where we had stopped.  I told him yes but not in the trees.  We finally ended up in his van close to the trees.  
     It was pitch black in the van but it felt like several blankets on the floor.  I watched the dark as he took his cloths off.  At first I was reluctant but finally I follow and took mine off.  
     Reaching out he found my face and pulled my head down to his dick.  Taking it in my mouth I began sucking that large black dick. 
  
     After a few minutes he told me to lay on my stomach.  I did and as I spread my legs he put KY jell on his dick.  
     Finally I felt the head of his dick on my ass.  It was hot feeling.  Ever so slowly he shove it all the way in and began fucking me.  God it felt good.  I'm not sure it I love a guy cumming in my mouth or ass better.  Either way it's good.  
     We switched back and forth this way for over an hour.  Finally while he was fucking me I heard him say he couldn't stop and was cumming.  I felt his cum shooting into my ass.  Finally he stopped and Taking my dick into his mouth he sucked until I filled his mouth with my cum.  
     I didn't tell Linda about that night until a couple months later.  In her state of mind she didn't need to hear about the good time I had.
   
    Finally things started to ease up a bit and her depression spell became less and less.  I think back now of the tensions we all went through and wonder how we did it. 
     It was October of that year when she was her old horny self once more and I finally told her about the night in the Adult Book Store.  I could see the wheels turning in her head as I told her.  She wanted me to get guys in the book store and bring them out to her.  We had been to adult book stores together before and she had sucked a guys dick at one of them.  This time she wanted me to find some very well hung guys and convince them to go to the parking lot and fuck her.
     The next day we drove to the parking lot behind the book store to see what the woods behind the store looked like.  We had to do this in the woods or in the back seat of our car and the car was kind of small.
     There were several cars in the lot when we arrived so I told her to wait and I would look.  I was a larger area than it looked like.  Several paths lead off from the entrence.  I walked down several and finally picked one that had a lot of privacy.  
     Back at the car we talked how we would set it up.  All we really needed was a blanket for her to lay on and some customers.   We decided on the 15th of that month.  That was the military payday.
     The night of the 14th I told Linda I was going to ride up and check out the wooded area one more time.  She let me know right then I was going no place without her.  
     I parked as close as I could to the path leading into the woods, turned off the lights and we waited.  After about 15 minutes we still has seen no one so I told her I was going to go check the area I had picked.  Of course she had to go also.
     It was a lot different at night than in the daytime but, I finally located it.  I could see her getting excited already.  Finally she told me to go check the book store and she would wait there for me.  
     I was a bit concerned about leaving her there in the dark.  I told her to stay put and wait for me and no one else.  She said "not to worry".  She also told me it was her night and not mine.  I told her "not to worry".
     I entered the store and walked around all the booths and into the main enterance area.  There was very little to pick from.  I didn't want to leave Linda by herself too long and as I was walking back I was two black guys drive up and go into the store.  I picked up a blanked from the car and finding Linda OK I told her I was going back to check on the two guys I had seen drive up and gave her the blanket.
     To make this story short, I tried my best to talk the two black guys into going with me but they would not.  They just would not believe I had my wife in the woods and I wanted them to fuck her.  Finally I walked back and told Linda what had happened.  She was a little pissed.  
     That night was a complete flop.  We did hav them once in a while but not often.  Since this is getting so long I will stop and tell about the night of th 15th (which we had picked to start with) in part #9.
      One more word before I stop this page.  I am not nor have I ever professed to be a writer.  I am only writting down memories.  Since Linda is not here to share these memories with me any more I have chosen to share them with you, the public.  I do not know who you are but I am sure there are a lot of you that can relate, in one way or another, to what I am trying to say.  I really do love to hear positive comments from you.
     What I do not need nor want is critiziam on how bad my grammer may be.  If you do not like what you are reading then stop reading.  The guy I am talking about knows who he is.  Let it be.  
     I will not be as long with part #9.         
   
