Archive-name: 3plus/lipgloss.txt
Archive-author: Pussy Barber
Archive-title: LipGloss


        Kate rolled over towards the middle of the bed pulling the covers off
   her naked form.  Kate felt the sticky remnants of Dave's dried cum on her
   tits, and that of Dave's brother Dan in the crack of her ass.  As Kate
   stretched out, parting her legs in the process, she could feel the dried
   semen that'd been left in her pubic hair.  Kate's arm found the thigh that
   she knew was there next to her and drew her hand sensuously up that lean,
   firm thigh until her hands found the warm, round mounds of flesh at their
   tops.  
        The figure under the covers stirred slightly, and Kate's hand slid
   down between the buns of her bedmate, her fingers searching for magical
   places.  Kate could feel the warm, sensual feeling of her pussy moistening
   at the thought of what she was doing.  The figure, outlined only by the
   curves of the sheet stirred again, the legs parting to give Kate better
   access.  Kate's fingers slid down, sliding past the curve of warm buttocks
   and directly between the legs of the sleeping figure. 
        Her fingers found their target, and already it was ready for Kate's
   morning play.  Kate moved closer, a little bolder, and slid two of her
   fingers into the girl's moist opening, making the sleeping figure rotate
   her pelvis upwards, sticking her ass up slightly.  Kate continued using
   her fingers in a slow, easy stroking, making the girl in bed with her wet
   in a short time.  With her fingers slick with her juices, Kate slid her
   fingers into the girl's pussy, spreading her fingers against the muscular
   ring inside.  The girl groaned softly, raising her hips again.  
        Kate continued her manipulations, then lowered the sheet down the
   girl's tan back.  Jennifer's back was smooth, soft, unblemished and evenly
   tan. In fact, Jennifer had a natural tan, a skin tone models would kill
   for.  Kate began kissing her Jennifer's back with a light, gentle touch.  
        Jennifer sighed and her pussy gripped the fingers inside her. Her
   body was responding on its own, beginning to writhe and undulate in time
   with Kate's motions.  Kate's fingers moved around and one found Jennifer's
   clit, massaging it hard, just the way she liked it.  Jennifer's hips began
   bucking back against the probing fingers, and Kate moved closer so that
   her tits would press firmly against the tan girl's back.  Kate began
   smothering her friend with kisses. On the neck, the cheek, ear, and
   finally lips. Their tongues met and Jennifer moaned into Kate's mouth,
   orgasming with trembling shudders as Kate's fingers made soft, wet
   squishing noises between her lean legs.   
        Jennifer floated along, smiling, and letting Kate cradle her head
   against her firm breasts.  Kate was caressing her all over, and Jennifer
   felt warm and happy.  They kissed again, softer this time, and their
   tongues lingered.  
        "I love it when you wake me up like that." Jennifer said softly,
   looking into Kate's deep green eyes.   
        Kate looked into Jennifer's expressive soft brown eyes, then kissed
   her friend and lover tenderly.  Kate let her slick hand trail over one of
   Jennifer's small breasts, making her cone-shaped nipple wet with her own
   cum.  Kate massaged the breast slowly, letting Jennifer feel the slickness
   on her nipple.  The alarm-radio came on, rupturing what had been a wonder-
   ful start to a day.  Kate sat upright, glaring at the radio.  
        Jennifer pulled Kate's head down, and kissed her with passion, then
   let her up.  Kate shook back the locks of orange-red hair covering her
   face and smiled.  
        "C'mon, we gotta get to work." Kate said, then ran her hand through
   Jennifer's downy soft bush.  "Thank God it's Friday!" 
        The two of them showered together, soaping each other playfully. Kate
   loved to soap Jennifer up and feel her slippery body. For that matter, she
   loved having Jennifer do the same thing to her.  The two young ladies that
   left the apartment thirty minutes later were dressed nicely, already
   making plans for that evening.  
        They worked in the same building, but for different companies. Kate
   was riding up the elevator to her floor, thinking about how things had
   changed since she'd met Jennifer.  That had been at one of those swingers
   clubs, and Jennifer fulfilled one of her fantasies with Kate's help.  Both
   of them had been literally covered with sperm and licked each other to
   several orgasms, licking sperm from each other's pussies in the process.
   Since that night, Kate and Jennifer were almost always together. They had
   both changed jobs in the last eight months, now working in the same
   building as well as living together at Kate's apartment.  They shared the
   men in their lives too.  Together they had enjoyed six men at once, and
   four, and three, and two, and one.  They really enjoyed one man, since
   they had time with each other, and they could see him get hard over and
   over watching them.  
        The day passed quickly, until about two in the afternoon.  Kate was
   working on a small project when Jack dropped by.  Kate liked him even
   though, for some strange reason he never made a direct pass at her. Jack
   seemed to like more subtle hints, double-entendres, and the like.  His
   solid build and warm smile made Kate forget he was 36 to her 22.  Jack was
   checking on another project, and after he was satisfied, he smiled at
   Kate's legs.  Kate was wearing a short dress by office standards, but it
   was still modest compared to current trends.  It hugged Kate in all the
   right places Jack said, "and you certainly have all the right places." 
        Kate smiled, and Jack followed up with an invitation to a party. Kate
   smiled, thought for a minute, then told him that she'd promised her room
   mate dinner.  Jack had seen Jennifer and Kate go off to lunch several
   times, and he didn't hesitate.  
        "She's invited too." Jack smiled.  Kate replied that she'd have to
   check with her room mate and would call him back.  
        On the phone, Kate described Jack to Jennifer.  At 18, Jennifer
   thought he sounded a little too old, but she agreed after Kate said that
   they needn't bed him.  Kate made her call to Jack and he said that he'd
   meet them in the garage after work.  
        In the garage, they all climbed into Jack's car, with Kate introduc-
   ing Jennifer and Jack to each other. The drive to the party wasn't long,
   just long enough for them to begin to relax.  Jack pulled the car up a
   long narrow driveway, parking in front of a sprawling ranch-style house
   that was set back from the road.   
        "Who's place is this?" Kate asked.
        "Matt Kovloski's." Jack said. "The new guy in marketing."
        The rang the bell and a lovely woman answered, greeted Jack warmly by
   giving him a kiss that lingered longer than strict protocol dictated. Jack
   introduced Kate and Jennifer to Margie, and she led them inside.  
        Kate's eyes took in the scene; a large living room with many people
   talking in small groups or milling about, a table to hold a buffet, and
   there seemed to be lots of people laughing.  They were given drinks, and a
   young woman about Jennifer's age came over.  
        "Hi, I'm Debbie." She said, looking at Jennifer.
        The two began to talk as Kate looked over the buffet. When she turned
   around, Jack had moved off to talk to someone.  Jennifer was still in her
   animated conversation with Debbie, a slim, raven haired beauty with hints
   of Oriental blood who was dressed in an acid-washed style denim jumpsuit.
   Kate compared Debbie's figure to Jennifer's and noted that Debbie's
   breasts were much larger, larger than even her own.   
        "Excuse me." A man said, and Kate moved aside slightly, glancing over
   at him.  He looked back at her, and something about his brown eyes made
   Kate feel sexy.  He reached over and picked up an hor d'ourve, then looked
   back to Kate. "I don't think we've met." He said in a voice that was deep,
   yet soft. "My name's Mike." 
        Kate smiled nervously, both excited by him and hesitant to show it
   too quickly.  "Kate." She said. "That's Jennifer talking to Debbie over
   there." she added, pointing out Jennifer.  
        "Ah!" Mike smiled. His smile seemed to make his eyes warmer somehow.
   "I wondered who she was. Deb has a way of making friends." 
        "Your wife?" Kate asked, glancing at Debbie again.
        "Oh, er, no!" Mike laughed. "I'll take that as a compliment, thank
   you, but I'm about twice her age." 
        Kate looked him over mentally. Mike was about 35, average height, not
   incredibly handsome, but pleasant, and built pretty well.  That put Debbie
   right around Jennifer's age, and that made Kate's mind think of
   possibilites.  
        Jennifer came over with Debbie, and introductions were made.  That's
   when Kate noticed that Debbie had green eyes too.  Debbie noticed Kate's
   eyes as well. 
        "Oh now I'm really jealous." Debbie said. "You got the red hair I
   always wanted." 
        Kate laughed. "It's not that great." Kate replied. "Living with names
   like 'Red', or 'Carrot Top'".   
        Debbie laughed. "All the same, I wanted that exotic look for years."
        "You'd have looked exotic alright." Mike chipped in.
        Kate imagined Debbie with red hair, her high cheekbones, those green
   eyes set in their exotic almost Oriental shapes, her light brown skin, and
   her wide smile.  Yes, Kate decided, she'd be very exotic. And erotic! 
        They laughed and talked a bit, with Jennifer mumbling about always
   wanting a bigger chest.  
        "You're beautiful the way you are." Kate said.
        "Yes." Debbie added with a smile. "Big boobs draw big jerks sometimes
   you know." 
        Jennifer smiled, thinking they were just making her feel good. "I
   think you're very sensual looking." Mike added, getting the attention of
   all three girls. He looked at each of them, cleared his throat and smiled
   weakly. "Sorry. But that's what I think." 
        "Why do you say that?" Jennifer asked.
        "Well, bold as this might be, I can picture the sensual way you'd
   move around in bed." Mike said. 
        "A man with imagination!" Debbie laughed. "How come you never said
   things like that to me?"
        "Because you're a tawdry little flirt and besides," Mike grinned,
   "You get too noisy."  Debbie stuck her tongue out at him. 
        "Is Debbie a screamer?" Kate asked, laughing.
        "No." Debbie said sharply.
        "No, she's a moaner." Mike grinned. Debbie poked him in the ribs.
        "Well, Jen does move nicely in bed." Kate blurted out, causing both
   Mike and Debbie to snap their heads towards Kate. 
        "First hand knowledge?" Debbie grinned mischeviously.
        Kate blushed warmly. So did Jennifer.
        "Oh ho!" Mike snickered. "I think we embarrassed them."
        Debbie leaned forward and whispered into Jennifer's ear. Mike and
   Kate watched as Jennifer smiled and then her eyes opened wide.  Jennifer's
   mouth opened as if she couldn't believe what she was hearing.  At last,
   when Debbie finished, Jennifer looked at her and nodded, giggling. 
        "Gee." Mike said. "I feel left out."
        Kate looked from Debbie to Jennifer. Both were smiling coyly. "Well,
   so do I." Kate said, staring directly at Jennifer.  
        "We don't have to put up with this you know." Mike said, mocking a
   snobbish attitude. Getting no response, he offered his arm to Kate. "At
   least allow me to buy you a drink and we'll let these two have their
   secrets." 
        Kate laughed, then winked at Jennifer.  Mike and Kate moved off to
   the bar, leaving Debbie and Jennifer giggling.  At the bar, Kate kept one
   eye on Jennifer across the room while she and Mike talked.  He was saying
   something about Debbie getting herself into mischief again, and that they
   had best get ready for some good laughs.   
        "How so?" Kate asked.
        "Well, the last time she was at a party with me," Mike started, "She
   ended up getting tipsy, then starting a skinny-dipping party in the host's
   pool." 
        "Oh jeeez!" Kate shook her head, glancing over at Debbie.
        "The host didn't mind too much." Mike said. "It got very friendly in
   that pool." 
        "I'll bet!" Kate laughed.
        "Yeah. Took two days to get everyone's undies out of the filter."
   Mike said, looking at Kate over his glass. 
        "Your pool?" Kate asked, looking back at Mike. He nodded.  "Well, did
   you get something for your troubles?" She added.  Mike grinned broadly and
   wiggled his eyebrows suggestively.  Kate laughed.  
        Debbie and Jennifer had disappeared, and Kate scanned the room, but
   didn't see them.   
        "They probably went to the powder room." Mike said off-handedly when
   he saw Kate looking for them.  
        "I'd better check." Kate said, putting her drink down.
        "Whoa girl." Mike said, gently holding her arm. "Let them gossip and
   giggle."  He looked at Kate's worried expression. "Why..you're jealous!" 
        Kate blushed, and shook her head in denial.
        "Debbie's a little wild, but she's not stupid." Mike said. "Don't
   worry about it. They'll be okay." 
        Something in the way he soothed her feelings made Kate relax a
   little. This was the first time she'd even thought about Jennifer going
   off alone with another woman.  And of all things, Kate was maddest at
   herself for feeling jealousy.   
        Mike and Kate moved around the room, and after about twenty minutes,
   even he was getting curious about the absence of the two girls.  Mike had
   a pretty good idea of what they were doing.  Kate had almost finished her
   drink, when Mike spied a couple coming down the hallway from one of the
   rooms in the back of the large house.  They were adjusting their clothes
   slightly, walking towards him and Kate.  Kate couldn't see them, and Mike
   had an idea. 
        "Still worried about Jennifer and Debbie?" Mike asked.  Kate nodded.
   He took Kate's hand and whispered in her ear. "Let's go see." 
        Kate felt her heart jump, then pound in her chest. She liked Mike,
   quite a lot, but she was also fighting jealousy over Jennifer.  She wasn't
   sure that she wanted her suspicions confirmed.  She let Mike lead her down
   the hall and around the corner.  
        There were several open doors, and peeking inside each revealed
   either nothing, or more party goers chatting.  They listened at a few
   closed doors, then heard moaning from one near the end of the hallway. It
   was that special moaning that a woman makes in the throes of orgasm, and
   it was being punctuated with small cries.  
        "Hmm, I think we found them." Mike said quietly.  Kate gritted her
   teeth, then mentally slapped herself for being so jealous.  It took her a
   few minutes to realize that it wasn't just the fact that Jennifer was with
   another woman, but that she was with another woman that Kate wanted too!
        The door was locked, and Mike made a face. Kate touched his arm and
   nodded for them to retreat back to the party. Just as Mike was about to
   turn around, the door across the hall began to unlock. Kate was about to
   move off quickly, but instead Mike pulled her close to him and embraced
   her.  As the door opened, so did Kate's mouth, and Mike's tongue entered
   her mouth, igniting her passions.  They continued their kiss, letting a
   couple move past them, thus saving the couple embarrassment, and
   themselves from appearing to be snoops.  As the other couple moved off,
   Mike and Kate continued kissing, both of them feeling some very intense
   desires building.  Mike broke the kiss and led Kate into the now vacant
   bedroom.  It smelled of sweat and sex, making both of them even hotter. 
        Mike closed the door and this time Kate pulled him to her. Her mouth
   met his in a fiery kiss and her body melted against his.  Mike's hands
   found her behind, sliding down her back to cup her firm ass.  Kate's palm
   massaged the bulge forming in his crotch, and both of them became lost in
   a haze of passion.  They began removing each other's clothes, and when
   Mike saw her breasts, he smiled and made a soft "oh" as he bent down to
   lick Kate's small, pink nipples.  
        They kept going, until both were naked, and Mike picked her up and
   carried her to the bed.  As soon as she was on the bed, Mike spread her
   legs and began licking her orange-trimmed pussy, making Kate arch and gasp
   as his tongue explored. He held Kate's legs high in the air, bending her
   legs back slightly, and he lapped at her slick cunt, licking her from one
   end to the other.  His lips found and teased her clit, making Kate come
   close to orgasm, only to back off at the last moment.   
        "Fuck me." Kate whispered. "Fuck me now."  Kate pulled on his hair,
   trying to pull him over her so that his cock would enter her smouldering
   pussy.  Mike refused, shoving his tongue inside her instead.  Kate cried
   out and tried to lift her ass, to make his tongue fuck her, but he held
   her down.  Her hips were rocking urgently, desperately, wantonly.  
        "Fuck me, please!" Kate cried softly. "Give me your cock."
        Mike sucked her clit, his tongue doing magical things to it in his
   mouth.  Kate felt a string being pulled inside her body and it felt as
   though a dam burst, sending wave after wave of surging pleasure through
   her body.  Her nipples stood up hard, and felt as though they were
   reaching for the ceiling, her cunt spasmed, and her hips jerked, making
   Kate moan in short breaths.   
        As she began to slow down, Mike continued to lick and kiss her pussy,
   keeping her sensitive.  Kate felt the mini-orgasms hitting her, and
   finally pulled Mike's head from between her legs.  His face glistened with
   her slick cream, and he smiled warmly at her.  
        "You taste so good!" Mike said. "I could eat you all night!"
        Kate kissed him, letting the taste and slipperyness of her own juices
   excite her all over again.  His tongue was slippery too, and Kate enjoyed
   the way he used it, both in her mouth and on her cunt. "My turn now." Kate
   said, smiling.  She knew what she was going to do to him, and how she'd
   pay him back. 
        Kate pushed him down and began sucking his cock. Mike's cock was
   nice, a bit longer than average, and a bit thicker.  Kate had to open her
   mouth wide for him.  Kate sucked and licked, flicking her tongue over the
   underside of his shaft, pressing firmly.  She flicked backwards of the
   ridge of the head, and then ran her tongue down to his balls.  Mike's
   balls were heavy in their sacks, hanging low and loose. Kate nuzzled them
   and licked them, then sucked each one of the large orbs into her mouth.  
        Mike's hips were moving on their own, and Kate's mouth was driving
   him crazy.  Mike wanted to cum, and he could feel a large pool of his cum
   building inside.  He wanted this sexy redhead to suck him off, then he
   wanted to fuck her passionately.  Something about the way she enjoyed
   sucking and licking him made him incredibly horny, and he wanted her more
   than he could have imagined.   
        Kate's head bobbed on Mike's cock, and Kate could feel the hot meat
   in her mouth swell then relax as she found his special places. She almost
   had him where she wanted.  Mike's brow furrowed, and Kate knew he was very
   very close.  She lowered her head, taking the head into her throat, some-
   thing that she could only do occaisionaly, when she was very excited.  The
   head pressed against her throat and her muscles worked on it, making Kate
   strain not to gag. "Ohhhh." Mike moaned.  Kate slowly rose up his shaft,
   her saliva drooling down around his glistening cock. Kate looked up at
   Mike, holding her lips just above the head. 
        "I want to drink your cum." She said as lustily as she could, then
   descended fully on his seven inch cock. 
        Mike groaned, and Kate worked up and down quickly, twisting her head
   this way and that. She could feel a trembling in his hips, and feel his
   ass tighten. 
        "Unngh Ohhh!" Mike groaned.
        Kate felt the cock swell in her mouth, becoming hard as steel. Then a
   warm gush of his thick sperm flooded into her mouth.  Kate swallowed. Then
   another longer, hotter gush of semen spurted, this one streaming into her
   mouth hard, washing up against the back of her throat.  Kate loved it, and
   felt her pussy spasm.  His cum was thick, hot, and his cock was spurting
   so much!  Kate held on, letting his cock squirt the sperm into her waiting
   mouth, until his cock stopped.  Mike sighed deeply, his head to one side. 
        "Ummmmm!" Kate moaned around his cock, making Mike look down.
        Kate looked back at him and swished the mouthfull of creamy jism
   around his softening cock. Mike's cock twitched in her mouth.  Kate pulled
   his cock out, and sat up, rubbing it against her firm, round globes of
   flesh.  She let a little cum drool out of her mouth before she smiled and
   swallowed the rest.  "You taste good too." Kate said, smaking her lips,
   "and you cum so much!"  Kate licked her lips then licked his cock until he
   was hard again.  
        "C'mere you sexy little thing." Mike said.  Kate crawled over him and
   Mike grabbed her, kissing her passionately and sliding his cock into her
   sopping cunt.  Kate had never had a man kiss her after coming in her
   mouth, and the idea excited her.  Their bodies began to move in a primal
   rhythm.  The two of them rocked back and forth, mouths and crotches locked
   together.  The air filled with their steamy heat, and their scents.  They
   began to sweat, adding another sensation to their passionate coupling.  
        Mike's cock pounded in and out of Kate's pussy, working up a frothy
   white cream in her orange bush.  Kate's cuntlips washed his cock with her
   glistening juices, and her walls sucked at him, trying to draw him deeper.
   Mike's hands gripped her ass, pulling her cheeks apart, spreading her
   wide. His mouth fastened over her right tit, sucking hard, pinching her
   nipple with his lips.  Kate's ass flesh rippled with each hard thrust of
   his cock when his hands began squeezing her tits.  
        "Cum baby." Kate moaned. "Cum in me. Cuminme cum cum. Fill me with
   it. Make me cum. Make me cum."   
        Mike's hands slid down to her waist, gripping her hips. He held her
   over him, then bucked furiously, pistioning in and out of her dripping wet
   cunt.  Smack, smack, smack, smack, smack, smack, smack, smack.  The sounds
   of their sweaty flesh meeting and the wet noises as his cock plunged deep
   into her squishy soft flesh filled the room.  
        "Yessss, fill my twat with jism." Kate hissed. "Soak me in it. Soak
   me in sperm.  Cum in my juicy slit. Sperm EVERYwhere!" 
        "Oh Gawd!" Mike cried. "I'm gonna jizz in your cunt!"
        "YES! CUM!" Kate almost screamed.
        Their bodies met with a loud slap, and their mouths found each other.
   Hearts pounded in their ears, and their breathing sounded raspy and loud.
   Mike's cock kept spurting for what seemed like hours, and Kate felt as
   though he was shooting gallons of sperm in her soaking cunt.  Both of them
   orgasmed, making soft, mewing sounds into each other's mouths.  
        They lay there for a few long moments, regaining their breath.  Mike
   jerked, startled and Kate jumped a second later, whipping her head around.
   Jennifer smiled and slid Mike's cock from Kate's pussy, watching the
   glistening juices run out of Kate's orange-trimmed quim.  Jennifer was
   naked, as was Debbie standing behind her.  Jennifer licked at Mike's cock,
   then licked Kate's soaked slit, making both of them moan.  
        Debbie moved around to the side, and Kate could see that Debbie's
   pussy was shaved bare, making her brown skin look deliciously smooth and
   soft.  Debbie's mons glistened wetly, and Kate knew that Jennifer's mouth
   had been on that naked little cunt.  Debbie's tits sagged just enough to
   make them look invitingly soft.  
        Mike smiled, looking at Debbie. "You little voyuer. How long were you
   watching?"  
        "Oh, about 5 minutes." Debbie grinned, saying it like it was the most
   natural thing in the world. "You two are really hot." 
        Jennifer's tongue was now licking Mike's cock, and Kate moved off of
   Mike. Debbie leaned over and cupped Kate's right breast. 
        "You're so beautiful." she said softly. "Let me eat you!"
        Kate looked at Mike, who was smiling and watching them.  She moved
   over and let Debbie get on the bed, spreading her legs for the girl.  
        "Let me show you something." Jennifer said, then leaned over and
   began sucking hard on Kate's sperm-soaked cunt.  Jennifer tasted Mike's
   sperm, lapping at Kate's slick pussy.  Kate's face was flushed from
   fucking, and now her skin turned deeper pink as Jennifer brought her close
   to climaxing.  As Kate's hips rotated, Jennifer slid four fingers into
   Kate's slick cunt, and began sucking Kate's clit.  Debbie watched,
   stroking Jennifer's ass.  Just as Kate's breathing began to get ragged,
   Jennifer stopped and looked up at her.  
        "What do you want?" Jennifer asked.
        "Suck me! Make me cum in your mouth!" Kate hissed. "Eat me! Suck my
   cunt you slut!  Ohh, gawwd, make me cum all over you." 
        Jennifer smiled triumphantly and looked at Debbie. Debbie smiled too,
   then kissed Jennifer briefly, lowering her mouth to Kate's snatch.  
        "Debbie's going to show you what a good tongue is." Jennifer smiled.
        "Oh, I didn't tell you." Mike said. "Debbie has a very long tongue."
        Kate began climaxing as Debbie's tongue slid into her slit. Debbie's
   upper lip caressed Kate's clit, and the dark haired girl's tongue seemed
   impossibly long, actually penetrating through her ring of muscles and
   sending Kate into long, heaving spasms.  Kate's hips rocked up and down
   wildly, with Debbie hanging on tight.  Jennifer moved over and began
   sucking on Mike again, even though he was already hard from watching.  
        Kate came again, and Debbie stopped, leaning over Kate to lick her
   pink nipples.  Kate saw how long Debbie's tongue was, and it was at least
   five or six inches out of her mouth! 
        "Oh God! I love your tongue!" Kate breathed, only to have Debbie lay
   on top of her and kiss her passionately. That tongue filled her mouth,
   caressed her throat and made Kate burn with desire.  
        Jennifer moved up and sat on Mike's shaft, slowly working his large
   cock into her small, shaved cunt. While Debbie and Kate kissed, Jennifer
   worked on Mike's cock, pulling on her nipples while he filled her depths.  
        The impromptu orgy continued with Mike's cum gushing into Jennifer's
   twat, and then the Debbie rubbed some of Mike's cum on Jennifer's small
   tits while Jennifer sucked Debbie's large dark nipples.  Kate was sucking
   on Debbie's bare cunt, pulling on the girl's cuntlips and lapping her
   creamy juices.  
        Mike was pretty worn out and watched as the girls continued eating
   and pleasing each other.  Finally, when they tired, the four of them lay
   in the bed, a tangle of limbs.   Kate wondered if Jack had gone home,
   since it was now almost midnight, saying they'd need a ride home.  
        "We could give you a ride home." Debbie said cheerfully.
        "Hmmm, that would be nice." Jennifer said. "I want to see you both
   again. Soon." 
        "Me too." Kate added, her head on Debbie's breasts.
        "The night's still young." Debbie giggled, and Mike rolled his eyes
   expressively.  "Oh, that's right!" Debbie laughed. "You're not a young
   stud anymore are you?" 
        "Could've fooled me." Kate said, squeezing Mike's cock.
        "Yeah! Let's continue at our place." Jennifer said. "Besides, Mike
   hasn't had you tonight." 
        Debbie laughed, and Mike smiled.
        "True." Debbie said. "He never has had me."
        Kate and Jennifer looked at them for a moment.
        "Never?" Kate asked.  Debbie shook her head, trailing long silky
   black hair behind. 
        "Well, we'll have to remedy that." Jennifer said.
        "Ladies." Mike said softly, cupping one of Debbie's tits. "This
   sweet, sexy young thing is my daughter." 
        Debbie laughed at the looks on the girl's faces, and Mike chuckled
   too.  After the comotion died down, he explained that he'd fathered a
   daughter in high-school, but that he hadn't known about it before he moved
   away with his family. "Debbie's mother and I made love every night for a
   week before I left, and one of those nights made Debbie.  Linda's parents,
   Debbie's grandparents, were very angry and tore up my letters to Linda, so
   we lost contact.  I'd always figured that Linda had gone on with her
   life."  
        Mike went on, explaining how Debbie phoned him one night and said who
   she was.  When he saw her, he said, he loved her so deeply and intently
   that he was overjoyed.  Linda had married, and Debbie didn't like her
   step-father much, so she'd tracked Mike down, called him, then run away.
   Debbie lived with Mike, but since she was an adult, he treated her like
   one, and they could even talk about sex openly.   
        "I love her so much." Mike said. "And besides, she's fun to watch."
        Debbie poked him, then kissed him, probably a little longer than was
   really proper.  
        "I have a hard time calling him 'dad'." Debbie said. "He's more like
   an older brother." 
        "But you share a bed with other people together?" Jennifer asked.
        Debbie explained that she'd known she was bisexual for several years,
   and that Mike had caught her with one of her girlfriends.  She was
   surprised when he wasn't angry. Even more surprised when she caught one of
   her friends in bed with Mike, and he told her to join them!   He watched
   them please each other, and that led to them doing that several times.  
        "No jealousy, no false outrage." Mike said. "She's so beautiful and
   sexy, it's a joy to watch her please someone." 
        "We talked this all out, and he doesn't want to have sex with me."
   Debbie said, stroking Mike's thigh. "We've slept together, nude, and he's
   never done anything. Well, except wake up very hard." She laughed. 
        "That's incredible." Jennifer said.
        "I almost don't believe it." Kate added.
        "All true." Mike said. "We've excited each other a lot with touching,
   but we know that we have something more than just the physical part." 
        "C'mon!" Debbie said. "Let's get to your place. I want to eat you
   both out again." 
        They dressed and went to the girl's apartment, and while Mike dozed
   on the couch, the girls enjoyed their threesome in the bedroom.  In the
   early morning following, Jennifer slipped out of bed to find Mike laying
   on the sofa, naked and asleep.  He didn't sleep for much longer however. 
        Debbie and Kate woke up and when they came out of the bedroom,
   Jennifer was sucking on Mike's glistening shaft.  Jennifer didn't see
   them, nor did Mike.  Jennifer sucked until Mike began to cum. He spurted
   into her mouth, and as Jennifer pulled him out, he sprayed a thick stream
   onto her lips.  Jennifer began rubbing his cumming cock all over her tiny
   tits, soaking her chest with his thick, glistening sperm. Satisfied, she
   sat up, then noticed the other girls watching.  
        "Good morning." Jennifer said, running a finger through the warm jizz
   on her tits.  
        "Hi messy." Kate smiled, then walked over and kissed Jennifer,
   tasting Mike's sperm. Kate rubbed her flat hand across Jennifer's cum
   covered tits.  Jennifer stood up and stretched.  Kate walked over to
   Debbie, and reached down, cupping Debbie's bald cunt with her jism soaked
   hand, rubbing it back and forth. "Let's have some breakfast." She said. 
        Debbie stood there and Kate knelt, licking the cum off Debbie's
   pussy, and Jennifer went over and began sucking Debbie's tits.  Mike
   watched for a while, then went over and parted Kate's cheeks. His cock
   slid into her slippery cunt and he began fucking Kate.  
        "Fuck her hard." Jennifer said. "Fuck her cunt while she eats your
   daughter's cunt." 
        Debbie was about to cum, as was Kate. Debbie moaned loudly, holding
   on to Kate's head.  She shuddered and started to cum again, just as Kate
   began moaning into her muff.  Mike started squirting his sperm up Kate's
   cunt, and Jennifer slid under Kate to lap up the tasty cream. 
        Mike watched them go at it, and then went to the bathroom to take a
   shower. He was sort of worn out from all the intense sex these girls
   demanded and the water felt good.  When he stepped out to dry off, Debbie
   was sitting on the toilet. 
        "Well, 'morning plushbottom." Mike said, calling her by his pet name
   for her. 
        "Mmmm. 'Morning to you too." Debbie said. "I'll bet you're sore by
   now."  
        They chatted a little and agreed to invite Kate and Jennifer to their
   place for the day. Mike was hanging the towel up when Debbie finished.  
        "There's one thing I want to do though." She said, still sitting.
        "What's that, shower?" Mike asked.
        "No." Debbie said. "I want to feel you cum on me."  Her eyes pleaded
   with him, and Mike felt torn between keeping a promise to himself and
   giving Debbie what she wanted.  
        "I just want to feel you on me, and taste you. It's not the same when
   I taste you in Kate or Jennifer's pussies." Debbie said. "And I want them
   to lick me off afterwards." 
        Mike smiled and Debbie leaned forward, nuzzling against his cock.
   "I'm such a fucking slut aren't I?" She said quietly.  
        "No." Mike said. "You take after me. You love sex."
        Debbie slipped Mike's cock into her mouth and sucked it, and Mike was
   helpless to resist. Debbie's long tongue seemed to wrap around his cock
   and when she let go, she did try to wrap her tongue around it.  "Open the
   door." Debbie said softly. "I want them to watch."
        Mike opened the door, and Jennifer and Kate came in, watching Debbie
   suck his cock.  No one spoke for a long time, until Debbie released his
   cock from her mouth, pulling him closer, making him stand spread legged
   with his cock against her neck.  She looked up at him, and spoke softly. 
        "Cum all over me." Debbie said softly. "Please. Make me wet. Shoot
   your sperm all over my face. Cum all over my tits." 
        Debbie was stroking Mike's cock, and her soft, loving voice brought
   him to the brink.  
        "Yes, cum all over your slut." Debbie hissed. "Drown me in cum!"
        Mike shot a huge load of sperm, splashing Debbie's beautiful face and
   neck.  She opened her mouth and caught a thick gush, then jerked him off
   onto her full breasts.  Mike looked down to see Debbie looking up at him,
   smiling, erotic looking, an exotic beauty with cum dripping from her chin. 
        Debbie stood up and grabbed Jennifer's head, pressing it between her
   slippery, cum drenched tits.  Kate and Debbie kissed, sharing Mike's cum,
   and then Jennifer and Debbie kissed, doing the same.  
        Jennifer took Mike's still hard cock and bent over the toilet,
   offering her ass. She pulled him up and pressed his cock to her asshole,
   then slowly let him enter.  
        Mike watched Kate spread his cum all over his daughter, then begin
   licking Debbie off while she sat on the edge of the sink.  
        "Butt-fuck her." Debbie hissed. "Butt-fuck that little slut and fill
   her asshole full of that delicious cum of yours."  
        Mike pumped Jennifer, making the slim girl moan loudly.  After a few
   minutes, the bathroom echoed with the sounds of orgasming people, even
   Kate, who was cumming around Jennifer's whole fist pumping in and out of
   her cunt.  
        Mike pulled out of Jennifer and Kate demanded her ass be fucked too.
   Somehow, Mike managed, and he fucked her ass until he spurted his warm cum
   deep in her ass.  Mike sat down on the closed toilet, sweating and tired.  
   Debbie took a wash cloth and cleaned his cock off, saying that this had
   been one of the most intense experiences of her life. 
        The washing of his cock had gotten him hard again, and Debbie looked
   down at his stiff prick.  
        "Well, I'm the only girl here without a butt full of sperm." Turning
   around, Debbie bent over, letting Jennifer spread her shapely ass. "So cum
   in my asshole. Fuck me and pump your cum up my butt until I scream!" 
        Mike, in a daze, did as he was told.  He entered Debbie's virgin
   asshole gently, until he was halfway in.  Debbie leaned back sank his cock
   deep. "Ohhhh Jesus!!" Debbie cried. "Grab my ass and fuck it!" 
        Mike began pounding his daughter's butt with long strokes, and Kate
   slid down to suck Debbie's dripping cunt.  Mike felt Debbie's tight hole
   milking his cock, a cock that wanted to cum, but was drained almost dry by
   the morning's events.  
        After ten minutes of pounding her ass, and countless orgasms that
   Kate's mouth had given her, Mike stopped and started to pull out.  
        "NO!!" Debbie shouted. "Fill my ass! Cum in my ass! Fill my butt with
   sperm!"  Her butt locked down around his cock so tightly he couldn't pull
   out.  Debbie was bucking against his cock wildly, making her tits flop
   around and her cunt slosh against Kate's face.  
        Jennifer replaced Kate, sucking Debbie's twat and getting her into
   another fevor pitch.  Mike was just hanging on for the ride, his cock sore
   from her tight grip.  
        "Fuck me! Fuck me! C'mon fuck your little slut whore cunt asshole!"
   Debbie screame in lust filled need. 
        Mike grabbed her hips, feeling his swaying balls come alive. "You
   want it?" he asked. 
        "Yes! I want cum in my ass!" Debbie pleaded. "Fill my butt with
   sperm! Fill it up! Hot cum! Jism! Jizzzzzz ME!" 
        Mike was thrusting up her gaping anus, pounding into her flesh hard
   and fast.  He felt orgasm approaching, but hanging off, not ready yet.  
        "Please! Fill me with cum!" Debbie cried, hanging on to the sink.
        Mike's cock reamed and pounded, plunged and thrusted, over and over,
   sending ripples over the girl's body. 
        "Please! Please? I wanna cum with your sperm in my asshole! Please?
   Oh Dad, Pleezzzze?!"  Debbie wailed. 
        It was more than enough to make any man cum like a horse, but it was
   the first time that Debbie had called him "dad", and Mike's emotions
   engulfed him.  His cock slammed deep up her ass, and his cock spurted long
   gush after long gush of his molten cream into her butt.  Her asshole
   contracted, milking sperm into her ass, and she let out a long wailing
   moan.  Mike was still cumming. He didn't know how, or care.  Debbie sank
   to her knees suddenly, and Mike's cock popped out of her ass with a
   distinct pop. Jennifer was now pinned under Debbie's writhing body, and
   the last of Mikes sperm spurted on Debbie's tan ass, running down her
   cheeks and onto the backs of her thighs.  Debbie was still wailing and
   moaning as Jennifer's mouth sucked her throbbing clit.  Mike watched,
   fascinated, as Jennifer's tongue parted Debbie's slick cuntlips and she
   probed into his daughter's sopping wet, spasming cunt.  Debbie's ass
   clenched and his sperm oozed out of her asshole, her head came up and she
   sobbed a moan, then collapsed onto Jennifer.
        Kate and Mike carried Debbie to the bed, where she was smiling and
   cooing in contentment.  Jennifer came in, following them, and Mike looked
   at the slim girl.  Jennifer's face, her whole front, glistened with
   Debbie's juices.  Jennifer was rubbing her slippery body with them and
   lust filled her eyes.  Mike touched her bare cunt, fingering her clit.
   Jennifer's mouth opened silently and she trembled, then sank to her knees,
   holding on to his leg.  "Thank youuuuu." she cooed softly. 
        Mike sat on the bed and held Debbie, and she nuzzed against his
   chest.  He softly stroked her face and she smiled.  A minute later, she
   looked up at him, smiling and her green eyes shining.  
        "You're the best in the world." She said, hugging his arm. "I love
   you Dad!" 
        
        [Epilouge]
        That was the only day Mike ever fucked Debbie, and as hard and deep
   as he fucked her asshole, it was capped later that same night by Mike
   bending her legs back and pumping her cunt full of cum.  Jennifer and Kate
   took turns eating his sperm from her cunt, and then they all slept in one
   bed.   
        Mike and Kate discovered that they had a mutual love, other than
   Debbie, and that was eating each other.  Kate had wanted to find a man who
   loved sucking pussy as much as she loved sucking either pussy or cock. It
   only took them three weeks to decided to get married.  Jennifer was Maid
   of honor, and Debbie was all smiles.   
        Kate doesn't worry about Mike being faithful. After all, with three
   hot horny women in the house, he couldn't.  Jennifer and Debbie share a
   room (and a bed), and sometimes they join Kate and Mike.  Debbie and
   Jennifer are like daughters (almost) to Mike and Kate, and they enjoy most
   of the same things everyone else does.  Jennifer and Debbie are sharing
   their boyfriends with each other.  Kate and Mike are discreetly absent,
   letting the boys think the girls are 'sneaking' them into the house.  
        Well, that's about it. So far, they've lived happily ever after (but
   I don't want their laundry bill!).  
    
--
