Archive-name: 3plus/lisamary.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Lisa and Mary


     I have another story about Lisa, the Asian woman that used to live in my
complex.  This is about the time that her roommate joined us and what when on
between the three of us.

     Let me tell you a little about Lisa's roommate:  She was small in height
and hit tits and ass were also smaller.  She was 4'11 and 95#, long black
hair, black eyes and about 34-23-33, and her tits were small but firm.  Lisa,
on the other hand, had a body of 36-24-35.  Both of them had very short pussy
hair and their clits were very visible.

     I had seen Mary around and had watched her ass, even though it was small
it had great movement.  The night Lisa asked me to come over, my old lady was
out working, so I had the entire night to play.  When I got to her place, Lisa
was dressed in a white see through robe and was wearing a white bra and
panties.  Mary was wearing a long black robe that I couldn't see through.  Her
small breasts pushing against the material added to the excitement of the 
situation.

     The way that Lisa had done Mary's hair, she looked younger than her age
of 21 by at least 3 to 5 years.  Lisa had me sit on the couch that faced the
chair that Mary was sitting on.  She began to unbutton the robe Mary was
wearing, slowly revealing Mary's small tits and the black bra she was wearing.
She opened the robe that showed that all Mary was wearing under the robe was a
black bra and a pair of crotchless panties.  My cock was very hard and I
wanted to fuck Mary like nothing else mattered in the world.

     Lisa then removed her robe and put her hand under the bra that Mary had 
on.  She began to squeeze her tit and I could see that Mary liked that.  Lisa
then told Mary to spread her legs so that I could get a better view of her 
pussy.  Mary spread her legs and gave me a view of that almost hairless pussy
of hers.  Lisa continued to play with Mary's tit, then she took off Mary's bra
and began to play with both her tits while Mary began to rub Lisa's crotch,
not removing her panties, but rubbing right over them.

     Lisa took off her own bra setting free her large tits and moving forward
so that a nipple was right in front of Mary's mouth.  Mary began to lick and 
suck at the nipple all the while she continued to rub Lisa's hot and now wet 
panty covered pussy.  Lisa then told Mary to start playing with herself. Mary
responded by rubbing that all ready hard clit of hers and sticking her finger
deep into that hot hole of hers, still sucking on Lisa's hard nipple. 

     I couldn't stand it any more and Lisa could see that, so she told Mary to
come with her to undress me.  They then started to remove my clothes very 
slowly, starting with my shirt and working their way down.  There I stood 
wearing only a smile and a rock hard cock, twitching with excitement.

     We then went upstairs to Lisa's king size bed and with the help of Mary
removed Lisa's wet panties.  Laying Lisa on the bed, Mary and I began to lick
and suck Lisa's nipples, while my had worked on her hot wet box.  I could see
Lisa's hand working on Mary's snatch and felt her gently rubbing my cock. 
Then we spread Lisa's legs as far as we could and began to lap at her already
wet pussy.  Mary was sticking her finger into Lisa, as I licked her very hard
clit.

     Mary then laid on her side so that I could start to eat her pussy while 
she still ate Lisa out.  As I ate Mary, I moved so that my cock would be up by
Lisa's mouth, remembering just how well she sucked my cock the last time. 
This went on for a while:  Mary eating Lisa, me eating Mary and Lisa's hot
mouth on my cock.

     I then had Mary get on all fours while she was eating Lisa so that I
could fuck her from behind.  As she ate Lisa, I shoved by cock as deep as I
could into that hot asian pussy of hers.  I could hear her lapping at Lisa's
pussy as my cock pounded her from behind; then I wanted to fuck Lisa, so Mary
moved and sat on  Lisa's face.  I began to fuck Lisa, while licking Mary's
dime sized nipples.  Also, while I fucked Lisa, I was kissing Mary, putting my
tongue deep into her mouth.  All the time Lisa was eating Mary and Mary was 
really getting off.  Both Lisa and Mary had come, but I still had not and was
getting closer.  We changed around with Mary sitting on my face and Lisa
riding my cock.  Mary tasted so good!  Her pussy was almost hairless and I
just love hairless pussies.

     As I was about to cum, Lisa got off my cock and began to jack me off and
suck at the same time.  Still I ate Mary.  I could feel Lisa going faster and
faster.  I could also taste and feel more juices coming from Mary.  As I came,
I could her Lisa telling Mary to lean forward so she could taste my cum.  Lisa
continued to stroke my cock but I could feel Mary's tongue on the head of my 
cock.  As I started to shoot, I stuck my tongue deep into Mary's cunt and a 
finger up her ass which caused her to cum at the same time.

     After it was all over we just laid there not moving, just sighing, for 
this had been an incredible and erotic time.  As we just laid there, Lisa told
Mary that she was now my slave and that she must come to me when I wanted her.
I thought Lisa was kidding but she said if I wanted to see Mary naked all I
had to do was tell Mary.

     About 2 or 3 days later, I was walking by their place and asked Mary if I
could come in and she said "Yes".  I then asked her if what Lisa had said was
true and she said "Yes".  Then I told her to raise her skirt and she did!!! 
This sort of thing continued until they moved.

--
