
 C h a p t e r   5
   "Do you know that it's been exactly one month since we
had our adventure at the Alameda!"
   They sat in the living room watching a taped movie
through their VHS video recorder. Bill had joined a video
club and after buying two adult, triple X rated movies. They
very much enjoyed watching them, and then the video club
allowed them to trade back the movies and check out two new
movies.
   They now watched a couple a week, then went to bed and
screwed until they were exhausted.
   "Are you thinking about jacking off pricks again?" Bill
smiled, idly rubbed the silky skin of her thigh just above
the smooth curve of her knee, then moving higher on her
sleek thigh moving towards her moistness.
   "God, yes.", Lisa writhed as his fingers touched her
panty covered pubis, "jacking them off, sucking them, maybe
even fucking a few. I'm ready to go to the Alameda theater
again, any time you are!"
   "You liked that little jacking off adventure, didn't you
baby?  His soft voice murmured seductively, "and you dig
getting your cunt finger fucked while you jack off a big,
hard prick."
   His finger pushed through the silken fabric of her moist
panties at her erect clit pushing from the lips of her cunt
against the silky fabric of her panties. Lisa began to
squirm with delight at the soft fingering of her hot pussy.
   "I think we were both really turned on that night, yes,
I'd like to either do that or some other adventure with you
again," Lisa purred, I liked it when I had two fingers in my
pussy and a prick spurting cum in each hand, not to mention
the guy in front that jacked off his come all over my tits.
Now that was really a turn on for me."
   "What I'd also like to do is watch you either finger fuck
another lady, or eat her, of fuck her, or something like
that.  You know what I mean, have dirty sex with another
woman while I could watch, just like you watched me jack off
those cocks there in the Alameda."
   "Well honey, I'd like that too. If we could figure out
how to get another lady for me, or a guy for you, maybe we
could both watch each other fucking and sucking," Bill's
soft voice submitted his thoughts to his blonde wife.
   "I don't know whether I'd rather have you watch me, or me
watch you."
   "Or, maybe watch each other!"
   "Could be, either would turn us both on even more."
   After a few minutes of silence, Lisa spoke again, "You
know that I do like these screw movies and I like to watch
them with you and then make love, but... our adventure at
the Alameda was more exciting than these movies."
   Bill probed harder at her clit, his finger worming under
the elastic band of her panties, sinking into her wet cunt.
   "Yes, I know. You'd like to see our adventure on video,
wouldn't you Lisa?"
   "Damn right I would. We're just as good, maybe even
better than the turkeys we watch on those tapes. Why don't
we star in our own movies? We could get a camera and take
movies of us at the Alameda, then watch them whenever we
wanted right here at home.
   "She squirmed as his plunging finger sent pleasure
rippling down her belly.
   "Too dark. Can't take movies there, not enough light for
a video camera. Just couldn't get a tape of that black stud
squirting his cum on your belly in that darkness, or when
you kissed his cock for him, for that matter."
   "Well damn it William! That's what I want to do. You're
smart about cameras, figure it out. You can if you put you
mind to work."
   She began to grope his cock as his finger worked on her
clit.  "But right now, let's get to bed. I want that hard
cock in me, right now!"
   His feet digging into the sheets, stroking his pounding
prick into her open cunt, her legs locked around the small
of his back, ass lifting on his down stroke as she felt the
pussy juice run down the crevasse of her shapely ass.
   They screwed, prick slipping wetly into her cunt as she
began the long series of orgasms with a low moan. Gripping
her plunging ass Bill pulled her tight as his cock spurted
into her clasping pussy. Lisa counted the spurts and when
they stopped at five, realized just how much more that he
had been turned on at the Alameda a month ago. Her cunt
milked the cum from his prick, she could feel it writhe over
his softening penis, while she felt her orgasm taper off
then slowly stop.
   "I've got to keep him thinking about how much he wants to
see me get screwed by another guy."
   Lisa's determination to make Bill think of ways to get
her fucked, occupied her mind, when she resolved to work the
power on her husband as much as she could over the next few
days.
   As they drifted into sleep, Lisa felt another orgasm
twitch her body as she again thought of jacking off two
cocks, feeling and tasting the squirting black's cum on her
lips, tits and pussy. She drifted into sleep.
                          ..
   "Wait until you see it," Bill opened the big box to
reveal a color video camera.
   "I've got a portable VHS unit, and a low light level
video camera. I've also bought a tripod, a remote control
switch, ten cassettes of blank tape, and a auto focus low
light lens for the video camera. You're going to be a star
baby!"
   The remainder of the evening after dinner was filled with
trying out the camera, the auto focus lens and the portable
recorder. Much giggling from Lisa while the conspirators
planned just where and how they were going to shoot their
"EPIC" movie. How they were going to get some of their
friends into the movies without their friends being aware
that they were being filmed.
   Bill shot about twenty minutes of Lisa undressing slowly,
lying on the bed and masturbating for the camera lens, her
soft red tipped fingernails toying with her pussy while Bill
adjusted and fiddled with the setting on the camera,
occasionally even moving the lights in the bedroom for a
little more brilliance.
   Lisa demanded equal time too, playing at being both a
director and a camera man, with Bill holding a copy of
Playboy magazine and jacking off to the nude center fold
Bunny.
   Lisa zoomed in as he spurted his sperm onto the fold out
page, capturing on tape the squirting silver juice from his
cock.  Play back in slow motion later, the silver jets
arched out to softly splash and cling to the slick magazine
pages as her husband milked every drop of sperm onto the
smiling Bunny.
   In bed later, the camera in the closet, lens fixed on the
bed, the overheated couple fucked for the camera, capturing
the action for later watching.
                        ..
   The sensual blond used her power on her husband almost
every time they were together, sometimes even sending the
power to him at work. Planting the thoughts of seeing his
lovely blond wife getting screwed and being able to watch it
over and over on the video cassette later.
   She thought maybe she'd used her power too much, when it
seemed that all her husband talked about was watching her
'get the pork poured to her'.
   Lisa decided not to continue using her power. Bill was
already too horny about her getting fucked by someone else.
Slow down and let nature take it's course.
   Watching her make love to another man was beginning to be
an obsession with her husband.
   The next week flew by, as they tried camera angles and
lighting in the bedroom. Another week and they felt that
they had solved the problems, their camera work was good,
the lighting fine, the finished product of their tests with
the units was superior to the tired old copies of the taped
movies they had rented. They were all set to shoot their big
epic movie.
   Much planning went into the selection of the guests, with
three couples invited, for a total of eight for dinner
Saturday night. Polly and Harry from her office. Polly was a
free talking, very pretty lady with long black hair and big
tits which Bill admitted to Lisa, really turned him on.
Harry was the office manager over Lisa and although nothing
had gone on between then, Lisa felt his bold eyes on her
bosom and ass. His quick look at her legs when she crossed
them indicated his willingness to play, if he knew he
wouldn't get in office problems or trouble with Bill over
her.
   Another couple, who lived together, but were not married,
were invited when Lisa noticed the bulge in his swimsuit
while she and Bill were over for a San Jose swim party.
   His name was Bill also, but his nickname was Bull, which
tickled Lisa's fancy. His girl friend, Susan, was a petit
blonde with a wide mouth and an ass that she liked to swing
when she thought some male was looking, which was often.
   Bill said "That she looked like she just got out of bed
and couldn't wait to get back in," and Lisa laughed.
   Bill invited George and told him to bring a friend.
George, a professional football player who had injured his
knee five years ago, was selling insurance now. They did not
know who George would bring to the dinner.
                             ..
   Saturday evening, just before the guests were to arrive,
Lisa was modeling her outfit for Bill. Gold woven fabric,
slit from the hem to her upper thigh, a wide black leather
belt and a blouse which wrapped over the front.
   When she bent over, her lovely breasts were suspended and
open to well below the nipples.
   No panties, showing Bill how she could flash her beaver
at whoever was directly across from her position by sitting
demurely with her knees tightly clasped, turning slightly
and letting her thighs open, her slitted skirt falling away
from her thighs, her skirt opened, exposing her thighs clear
up to the crotch.
   By moving just another inch or so, Lisa then showed Bill
her pussy.
   "No power tonight, just my sexy body, and my looks to
help me lure my prey."
   Lisa's thoughts were not shared with her husband, "I'll
just let things happen as they happen. If I can't get fucked
all by myself, then something's wrong."
   While the guests arrived, Bill served cocktails, Lisa
admired George's date's dress, giving each of the men in
turn a glimpse of her pretty pink nipples as she served the
napkins for the cocktails.
   Betty was George's date, light black, ass rippling when
she walked. A beautiful lady from England with a charming
accent.  After dinner, the group sat around the living room
with coffee and brandy, Lisa across from George, tantalizing
him with flashes of her long slim legs, the slitted dress
parting.  George's glances delved into the darkness of her
thighs. Harry at her right, being treated to glimpses of her
full breasts.  Each time Harry spoke to her Lisa leaned
slightly toward him, her breasts nudging the wrapped opening
on her blouse, parting the soft material, exposing her
nipples.
   Between showing George her thighs and Harry her breasts,
Lisa was getting aroused. She could visualize the size of
Harry's prick by the swelling bulge in Harry's lap as she
watched him dart glances into the dark cleavage of her full
breasts. She enjoyed feeling the power to turn Harry on,
feeling the moisture beginning to gather on the lips of her
naked pussy.  The sensuous blonde housewife decided that she
really liked being looked at and admired sexually, and
besides looking at male buns, really liked looking at the
swelling male lap, wondering about the size and shape of the
masculine organ in hiding!
   The after dinner party slowly broke into couples, Bill
and Susan, Lisa and George, with Bull talking to Polly.
   Heading for the bar to get another brandy, Lisa took
George's hand and pulled him to the bar.
   "Would you help a girl George. I need someone to open a
new bottle of brandy, and you look like you'd be good at
uncorking and unscrewing."
   "I don't know too much about unscrewing, but I'd be glad
to help," George leered.
   "I never heard of anyone getting unscrewed."
   "I'll bet you don't know anything about unscrewing," Lisa
laughed, "what do you know about?"
  "I know about football, I know about insurance, and I do
know you're not wearing any panties. I know that you've been
showing me your pretty pussy all night, and I know that
you're the most desirable lady here tonight. I also know
that if you weren't married, I'd sure give you a run."
   George touched her hip, his big black hand lightly
caressing her flared hip through the gold fabric.
   Filling and warming the brandy, Lisa smiled at him,
touching his hand with hers, scratching at the back of his
big black hand with her fingernails while she moved closer
to the big football star, lightly pressing the tips of her
breasts into his thick arm.
   "Not only am I not wearing any panties, just so you could
see my pussy, but I'm not wearing any brassiere either. I'm
totally nude underneath this thin material. And all of it is
just for you, George."
                       ...
