Copyright © 1997, (Double Secret Author),  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





"Lisa's Tape Recorder Diary"

Written by: (Double Secret Author)



Monday

	Today on my way home from school I met a man in the 
park. He asked me what time it was and when I told him he gave me a 
candy as a reward. He asked me how old I was and I told him I was 
eleven. Then he asked me if I knew where he could buy some girl's 
underpants for his niece. I said I didn't know cause Daddy buys mine. 
Do you have any extra pairs then he asked because I need a pair right 
away and I'll pay twenty dollars for a pair. Wow I said that's a lot and 
he said Well I want a pair that's nice, would you sell me yours? You 
mean the ones I'm wearing I said cause I was surprised and he said 
Sure, she's about your size and I bet yours fit you well don't they and I 
said Yeah they do. Are they nice and tight over your bum? he asked 
and I giggled because he said bum and said Yes they are and he said 
Are they nice and tight over your cunny? and I didn't know what he 
meant and I said My what? and he said Your cunny, your place in 
between your legs at the front and I said Oh my trickle! and he said, 
Okay, your trickle then, do they fit you nicely over your trickle? 

	I felt funny when he talked about how my underpants fit so I just 
nodded and he said Can you tell me where they fit nice and tight? 
Here's two dollars if you tell me nicely so I took the money and said My 
underpants fit me nice and tight over my trickle and my bum, and I 
giggled again. I want them to fit her the same way they fit you, he said. 
My niece hasn't got any hair on her trickle, can you tell me if you have 
any hair on yours? he asked me and said No I don't have any hair on 
my trickle. Can you show me how they fit you he asked and I said you 
mean let you look at my underpants? and he said Yeah and I looked 
around and there wasn’t anybody there so I lifted up my skirt and let 
him look at my underpants. I felt all funny and naughty and my trickle 
felt sort of tingly when he looked at my underpants. It was nice, 
specially the feeling in my trickle! He asked me if I wanted to sell him 
my underpants for twenty dollars and I said Well okay shall I take them 
off right now? and he said Sure so I did and gave them to him. He 
looked in his wallet and said Darn I don't have enough money, we'll 
have to go to my place and get it so we went to his place and 
he got me my money, and a big glass of Coke and a plateful of 
cookies and we sat in the living room.

	The man said I was starting to grow nice titties, just like his 
niece and he asked me if I wore a bra yet and I said No. He said his 
niece didn't either. He asked me if my Daddy would buy me a bra and 
I said I guess so but how would I ask him to and he said I should show 
my titties to my Daddy and ask him if he thinks I should have one. He 
said he thought my Daddy would like to look at them anyway, even if I 
didn't need one, a bra I mean. He said that men always like looking at 
young girls' titties and that he liked looking at his niece's and she liked 
it when he looked at them.  She says it makes her feel all nice and 
warm he said.

	I told him that I felt all nice and warm when I showed him my 
underpants, and I was feeling nice and warm right now and he said 
how about pretending I'm your Daddy, and you can practice by 
showing me your titties. I was excited that the man wanted to look at 
my naked titties.  I stood up and pushed my chest out and said Daddy, 
I've been wondering if I need a bra, What do you think? and  the man 
said, Well, I don't know, honey. I don't think a girl should wear a bra 
unless she has big titties that need a bra. How about you show me 
how big your titties are. Okay Daddy I said and I undid the buttons on 
my blouse and pulled it open to show him my titties. 

	He asked me to take my blouse off so he could see them better 
and I  did, turning different ways and leaning forward to make them 
push out, 'cause they're just little low pointy hills. I don't think you need 
a bra, honey, said the man, and I thought how funny I felt because a 
man was looking at my naked titties and then I remembered my trickle 
was bare too, under my skirt. I could feel the air on my trickle and I 
giggled and he said What's so funny and I said The air feels funny on 
my trickle and he said I bet it feels nice doesn't it and I said Yeah it 
does and besides it makes me feel funny not having any underpants 
on because if my skirt blew up you could see my bare naked trickle, 
and I giggled, that would be naughty, wouldn't it, and he laughed and 
said Well I don't know, lots of people show their bare naked trickles all 
the time, look at all the nudists, and look at all the pictures in Playboy 
and all those. I see my niece all bare naked all the time, look, I have 
some pictures of my niece if you'd like to see them. Ooo yes! I said, 
and the man passed me an envelope of Polaroid pictures.

	 This is Sharon he said. I looked at the pictures, which were all 
of a thin young girl about my age with short dark hair in a page boy cut 
like mine. She was all naked and in different positions on a gym mat. 
See said the man Sharon likes getting all naked with me. I passed the 
pictures back. You can see her titties and her trickle really well in the 
pictures I said. Do you like looking at girls' trickles too, as well as their 
titties? Sure  said the man All men do. Do you think my Daddy would 
like to see my trickle too? I asked. I'm sure he would  said the man. 
You can practice by showing it to me, like you showed me your titties, 
if you like. I told him I'd never showed anybody my trickle before and 
that it made me feel funny to think about showing him my trickle. 

	The man asked me where I felt funny and I told him in between 
my legs like I felt when he looked at my underpants, and he said to 
pretend he was a doctor and he would see what the problem was so I 
lay down on the couch and lifted up my skirt so he could see my 
trickle. I looked at his face while I pulled my skirt up and it was exciting 
showing him my trickle, I felt all funny that he was looking at me there. 
He looked at my bare naked trickle and said it was very pretty and 
asked me to touch the place that felt funny so I touched my trickle 
crack right up at the top and he said he couldn't see where I meant 
and to open my legs and let him see in the insides of my trickle crack 
so I spread my legs nice and wide apart and he said That's better now 
I can see all in between your legs and I felt even funnier because 
nobody had ever seen all that part before.

	You touch yourself on the part that feels funny he said. I 
touched the little bumpy place and said Here. He touched me there 
too and it made me jump. Ooo I said that felt funny. What, this? he said 
and did it again, touching me lightly there and making his finger go in 
little circles. Ooo, that's the place I said and my hips jerked up some 
more, Ooo that feels so nice when you do that. He did it some more 
and I felt really nice and then he stopped and said How about you do it 
to yourself and  see if you can make yourself feel really nice and if you 
want me to I will touch you all over in between your legs while you do 
it so I said Oh yeah and I started doing like what he had been doing 
and  playing with my bumpy place in my trickle crack and it felt really 
good and my hips started to go up and down all by themselves and he 
said I can see your pee hole and he touched it gently and it felt all 
funny when he touched it and then he said I can see your trickle hole 
and he touched me down at the bottom of my trickle crack and put the 
tip of his finger into the funny hole that goes up inside me and it felt 
nice too and I really liked it when he touched me there. All of a sudden 
I felt really really good like I was flying and floating at the same time 
and I pushed up against his hand and I felt all hot and panty and then 
it was like the air was let out of a balloon and I felt all dreamy and 
warm and out of breath. 

	When I got my breath back I said Oh it's time for me to go home 
and he drove me home and I got there before Daddy did. I left my 
underpants off because I liked the feeling of not wearing any, and 
besides I liked being able to reach up under my skirt and touch my 
trickle. When I got home I watched TV and played with it while I 
watched the cartoons.



 	When Daddy got home we went for a swim in our pool. After we 
swam for awhile I said to him Daddy my old bathing suit from last year 
is getting a bit small, do you think I should have a new one because 
my titties are growing now and they make the top of my suit poke out, 
don't they and he looked at me and said Well maybe you're right and I 
said Oh Daddy, this old bathing suit top is so small it hurts my new 
titties and makes them all squshed, can I take it off because I don't like 
it when my titties hurt and before he could say anything I took my top 
off. Daddy looked around like to see if someone was watching and 
then he looked at my titties and I said Oh Daddy that's a lot better now, 
look, they're not squshed any more, they can poke out better now, they 
were all sore before, and I touched my nipple places and played with 
them and they felt nice. Ooo I said, that feels nice and Daddy was still 
looking at my playing with my titties. It felt neat to have him watch me 
do it. After awhile he swam to the other end of the pool and his bathing 
suit must have been tight because he was sort of adjusting it. My 
trickle felt nice from him looking at my titties so I put my hand down the 
front of my bathing suit and touched it a little.

	Now it's late at night, just before I'm ready to get into bed, and 
I’m talking into my tape recorder diary. I’ve got my short nightgown on, 
and it’s nice and easy to reach up underneath it and touch myself on 
my trickle. Ooo, that feels good! I put the mike on the desk so I have 
both hands free to touch my trickle while I think about how nice I felt 
when I was showing my Daddy my titties and letting the man touch my 
trickle. Tomorrow I'm going to see the man again. I'm going to stop 
now so I can lie on the bed and touch myself all over and make myself 
feel good like the man did today. 

	

Tuesday

	This afternoon I met the man in the park again. He was 
sitting on the same bench and I said Hello and gave me some candy 
out of a bag. Did you have a good time yesterday he asked me and I 
said Sure and he said Did you show your Daddy your titties and I said 
Yes and I told him about asking my Daddy if I could have a bigger 
bathing suit and undoing the top and letting him look at them like that 
and he said that was a good idea. Did you show him your trickle he 
asked me and I said No I didn't get a chance yet maybe today I'll be in 
swimming without my bathing suit on when he gets home and then 
he'll see me all naked. What did he do when you showed him your 
titties he asked and I said he just looked at them and then he went and 
adjusted his bathing suit because I guess it was too small. 

	Are you wearing nice underpants today? the man asked me 
and I giggled and said Yeah shall I show them to you? and he said 
Sure, how about you spin around really fast like a ballet dancer and 
your skirt will fly up and I'll be able to see them then so I did and he 
said my underpants were very pretty. Do you wanta buy them like the 
others yesterday I asked him and he said Sure but my money's at 
home so I said Okay let's go there I liked what we did there yesterday. 
I took my underpants off and gave them to him and the air felt all nice 
on my bare trickle and I giggled and he said What's so funny and I 
said I bet if I pretended I was a ballet dancer and spun around really 
quickly my skirt would go up and you could see my barenaked trickle. 
Well maybe it would, he said, do you want to try? and I said Sure and I 
looked around to see if anyone else would be able to see me when I 
did it but there wasn't anybody and I said oh pooh and he said what's 
the matter and I said  it's sort of exciting when people might be able to 
see me all bare naked, I sort of wanted someone else to see my trickle 
but there isn't anyone. 

	I guess you'll just have to go around without any underpants on 
he said and then you can let people look at you if you want to. You 
mean like on the bus or at school I said, Sure he said, or when you're 
downtown or doing somersaults and stuff and I said that's a good idea 
I like the air on my bare naked trickle anyway and I went around in a 
circle really quickly and he said Well I think I saw a nice barenaked 
trickle but it went by so fast I wasn't sure and I stopped moving and 
then I stepped up close to him and lifted up my skirt right up to my 
tummy and showed him my trickle close up and he said Oh, that's 
better, that's a lovely little trickle, I bet it wants to be touched and 
played with, doesn't it, and I said Ooo yes please and he said Well 
let's go to my place then and we got into his car and drove to his 
place. 

	While we went I told him about my trickle feeling all funny when 
I got home yesterday and me touching it like we did at his house and 
making it feel all nice, specially at night after I finished my tape 
recorder diary. You can play with your trickle while we drive if you 
want to he said so I put both hands under my skirt and touched myself 
all over in between my legs. When we got to his house we had some 
milk and cookies and I asked him if I could show him how I liked to 
play with my trickle and he said Sure so I lay down on his big bed and 
pulled my skirt up to my waist and opened my legs nice and wide so I 
had lots of room for both hands in between my legs and touched 
myself all over while he watched me. It feels nice when I do it by 
myself I said but it's even nicer when you watch me do it. After I made 
myself feel all nice and warm and dreamy I wanted him to touch me 
there again so I told him that I liked playing doctor yesterday. Well, we 
can play again if you like he said, maybe you can be the doctor today. 
I’ve been feeling sort of funny myself in between my legs, maybe you 
can help, like I helped you yesterday and I giggled and said okay, 
what do I do? Just undo my pants and take them off he said so I pulled 
his pants down and giggled again as I  looked at the bulge in his 
underpants. "Is this where the problem is?" I  asked. "Yeah," said the 
man, "I think you'd better take a good look and see what you think." I 
pulled down the man's underpants and there was a big stick there, 
poking up in the air and sticking out towards me, with a baggy thing 
underneath it with some round things in, like lemons.



	I asked him why his thing was like that and not little and soft and 
dangly like Daddy's was the times I had seen it. The man laughed and 
said it was because it liked me looking at it, and it liked when I showed 
it my trickle and my titties and it showed it liked it by standing up 
straight and tall. He said that my Daddy's would get all big and hard if I 
showed him my titties and my trickle.  I said But when you had your 
pants on I didn't know it was big like that. If Daddy has his pants on I 
won't be able to tell, and he said Well, wait till he has his housecoat on 
and do it then. Then you can see his thing making a big bump under it 
and ask him about it. Can I look at yours some more? I asked and he 
said Sure and lay down on the bed. He said I could get on the bed 
with him and look at it all I wanted to. He said I could even touch it if I 
wanted to.

	When we were lying on the bed I looked at it up close and he 
showed me how the big purple top part was all soft like velvet but the 
long part was smooth like baby skin. He let me touch it to see how it 
felt and when I  touched the purple end  part it jumped and bounced. I 
laughed and made it bounce and twitch again. The man asked me if I  
could get my hands all the way around the long part, but it was so big 
around I  couldn't make my fingers touch my thumb when I  tried. He 
showed me how to use both hands to go around it and hold it that way 
and showed me how I could move my hands up and down it and only 
the skin on the outside would move, and the rest of it would stay still. 
He said it felt nice when I did that and asked me if he could look at my 
trickle some more while I moved my hands up and down his thing. I 
took my skirt and blouse off and sat on his legs with my legs either 
side of his so he could look at me all bare naked while I touched his 
thing. 



	After I made my hands go up and down his thing some more he 
said that he would make it do a neat trick and it would turn into a 
fountain and squirt cream out of the hole in the end. Real cream? I 
said and he said no, it's special cream, watch now and suddenly a 
squirt of white stuff came out the end of his thing and splashed onto 
his tummy. Oh I said and I stopped moving my hands and he said 
Keep doing it, pretend you're pumping the cream out of my stick so I 
pumped it some more and more squirts of cream came out and went 
all over him, and some went on my hands and his thing and made it all 
slippy and gooey. After awhile the stuff stopped squirting and just 
drooled out and all over his thing and my hands too and he said I 
could stop pumping it. 

	Wow I said that's neat and he said it felt nice for him, just like 
when I played with my trickle and he told me I could use the cream to 
make my trickle all slippy when I was rubbing it so I tried it and put 
some of the cream inside my trickle crack and he was right, it made it 
all nice and slippy and I rubbed my trickle with his cream while he 
watched me and then I saw that his thing was getting all small and 
soft, like Daddy's. Oh look I said, it's getting all little and he said Yes, it 
needs to have a rest for awhile, but you have a nice time playing with 
your trickle while I watch and soon it will get all big again. Does 
Daddy's get big like yours did? I asked and he said Sure, let him look 
at your titties some more and show him your trickle too, and it will get 
nice and big like mine. If I pumped it, would stuff come out of it like it 
did out of yours? I asked and he said Sure. Oh goody, then I could 
play with it, too, just like I played with yours, couldn't I, I said. Do you 
think he'll let me play with it? I'm sure he will, said the man.



	When I got home I went in swimming and when Daddy came 
out and got in the pool with me we splashed each other and squirted 
each other with squirt guns. Then we rested in the shallow end and he 
asked me if my bathing suit felt small today. He was looking at the way 
my titties were pushing out the top of my suit and it felt funny the way 
he was looking at me, and the way he had asked me about my bathing 
suit feeling small. It was like he wanted to look at my titties again and I 
wanted him to look at them so I undid my top and pulled it down and 
said Oh yes, Daddy, my titties were all squshed again, they feel better 
now. Daddy looked at my titties all over, and I liked it when he looked 
at them. 

	Look, Daddy said, you can see where the suit was pressing into 
you at the side and I looked at there was a red mark beside my titties 
and I said Oh yes and the other day I saw the same thing down where 
the leg of my suit goes in between my legs, because it’s really tight 
there too. Is it said Daddy? and I thought about showing him in 
between my legs, my trickle, like I let the man in the park look at me, 
and I felt all funny and naughty and itchy in my trickle and I said Ooo 
when I thought about it. What's the matter said Daddy and I said Oh 
nothing much, it's just my suit's really tight at the bottom, look and I 
pushed up and made myself float at the top of the water so Daddy 
could look at me close up. 

	I thought I would let him look at me close up but with my bathing 
suit on at first. See Daddy I said and I made my legs go open so he 
could see the way my bathing suit was cutting into my legs up at the 
top and I knew my trickle was making a big bump in my bathing suit 
and when I looked down I could see that my bathing suit had gone into 
my trickle crack and Daddy could see the two halves of my trickle 
bump. He said I'd better get a good look and he put his hands 
underneath my bum and held me up so he could see properly. Can 
you see what I mean Daddy? I asked him and he said well I don't 
know and I said Well let me down and I will show you the red marks 
then and he said What do you mean and I said I'll show you so he let 
me down and I started to wiggle out of my bathing suit. 

	What are you doing he said and I said I'm going to show you 
the red marks and I got my suit off and I was all bare naked and I knew 
that my Daddy could see me through the water and I wanted him to 
look at me all over bare and I said Now I'll hold onto the ladder and 
you lift me up again Daddy and I'll show you the red marks at the tops 
of my legs. Are you sure he said and I said Oh yeah, Daddy, so I 
pushed up and he put his hands under my bum again and it felt funny 
that he was holding my bare bum and I giggled and he said What's the 
matter and I said It feels funny when you touch my bare bum I like it so 
he smiled at me and made me come up to the top of the water and this 
time I was all bare naked and he lifted me so my trickle was above the 
water and I spread my legs to the sides and said Look, Daddy, here 
are the red marks, right at the tops of my legs right by my trickle. 

	I really liked it that he could see me all bare and he looked 
really hard at my trickle like he liked looking at me there and I wanted 
him to keep on looking at me there so I asked him if he could see the 
red marks properly and he looked really close at my trickle and the 
marks and said that he could. I said I think I need a bigger bathing suit 
so there is room for my trickle and my titties and he laughed and said 
that he thought so too. Then he put me down and I asked him if I could 
swim bare naked and he said okay. I liked it when the water washed 
all over my trickle, it felt so good. When we went in to get dressed I 
rubbed my trickle with my towel and it felt so good I rubbed it some 
more with my fingers and made myself feel good like me and the man 
did.



	After supper we were watching TV and I remembered what the 
man had said about showing the man my trickle and seeing his thing 
and if it got big like the man's was. So I got ready for bed and then I 
went to say goodnight and I wanted to show him my trickle again so I 
went up to his chair and said Look Daddy the red marks are mostly 
gone now and he looked at my nightgown where my trickle is and said 
Are they? and I lifted up my nightgown and showed him my trickle. I 
can't see it very well he said so I put a leg up on the chair and said 
Yes look, there's only a little place down here in between my legs, see 
it’s hard to see and he looked at my trickle up close again like when 
we were in the pool. 

	Showing my Daddy my trickle made it feel all funny and itchy 
again and I said Ooo and he said What's the matter and I said Nothing 
only my trickle feels funny, sort of itchy and he said Does it? Can you 
show your Daddy where your trickle is itchy? and I liked it that he 
wanted to know and I said Ooo yes, look, right here, and I left my leg 
up on the arm of his chair and pulled my trickle halves apart so the 
inside was all open and said here Daddy, right in the inside of my 
trickle crack and he said I can't see, can you point to it and I said No 
because I'm holding my trickle crack open so we can see, why don't 
you touch me in my trickle crack and I'll tell you when you are touching 
the spot that itches. 

	Are you sure you want me to touch you on your bare naked 
trickle? he asked me and I giggled and said Sure Daddy so he 
touched a finger really gently on one of my trickle halves that I was 
holding apart from the other and it felt nice and he said Is this the 
place and I said No Daddy, touch me some more so he touched me up 
at the top of my trickle crack where the two parts come together and I 
said That feels nice Daddy but it's not quite the place yet, touch me 
lower down right in between my trickle parts and he touched the little 
bump that I like to rub and I jumped ad he said does that hurt? and I 
said No! It feels nice when you do that and he said Shall I do it some 
more then? and I said Ooo yes! and touch me lower down with your 
other hand while you're doing it there. I think  my peehole is itchy too I 
said, Can you see where it is? and he said Yes I think so, it's the little 
hole right here and he touched me on it and I said Ooo yes, touch me 
there and he touched me gently on my bumpy place and on my 
peehole at the same time and made his fingers go in little circles and it 
really felt lovely! 

	Ooo yes, Daddy I said, you are really good at finding out where 
my trickle is itchy, can you keep doing it and make the itchy go away? 
and he said Do you ever touch yourself on your trickle and make the 
itchy go away? and I pretended to be shy and said Oh Daddy, 
sometimes I do, and he said Maybe if you showed me how you do it I 
could watch you and then I could do it to you better and I said Oh yes 
Daddy that's a good idea and I pulled my nightgown off over my head 
and I was all bare naked and Daddy said Why did you do that? and I 
said Well my titties get all itchy too specially on these pinky parts and I 
like to touch them too Well okay he said where are you going to do it 
and I thought about his thing and I thought I could see a big bump 
under his housecoat and I said I will sit on your legs Daddy and that 
way my trickle will be nice and open so you can see what parts I am 
touching and you can help me and touch the itchy parts in my titties 
too.  

	So I showed him how I liked to touch myself on my trickle and 
my little titty bumps and their pinky parts that stick out and we both did 
it and I liked it when my Daddy touched me all over in my trickle crack 
and on my titties and while he was doing it his housecoat went more 
and more open and I could see the big bulgy end part of his thing 
sticking up in the gap between the sides of his housecoat and the 
more I looked at it the better my trickle felt when we rubbed it. His 
thing's end part  was as big as the man's and all purpley and I could 
only see part of the stick part but it looked big too. Daddy was so busy 
looking at my trickle and my titties he didn't see his thing was where I 
could see it.

	After we finished making me feel nice I said Oh Daddy, what's 
this thing poking up out of your housecoat  and first he said Oh! and 
went to cover it up and then he said Oh again and sort of leaned back 
a little and said Oh that's just part of me and I said Oh I never saw that 
part of you before Daddy can I look at it huh can I? and he laughed 
and said Well I guess so and so I undid his housecoat and his thing 
was all sticking up straight in the air and it was all hard and big about 
eight inches long and nearly two inches thick and I said Wow Daddy is 
that the thing you pee out of? 

	He nodded Yes and I said How come its like that? How come 
it's all big and sticking up in the air like that? and he said Well it gets 
that way sometimes and he put his hand around it and I said Wow I bet 
I couldn't get my hand around it can I try and he said Well I guess so 
and I touched it and it sort of jumped and I laughed and said I made it 
jump Daddy and I touched it again and it was all nice and warm and I 
put my hands around it and I had to use both of them to go around it 
and I said Wow Daddy your thing is so big I need both my hands to go 
around it. I held onto it some more and touched it up at the top on the 
purple round part and it was all velvety and it jumped and moved all 
by itself some more and then I touched the sort of baggy thing with 
things inside it that was at the bottom of it. 

	What's this? I asked and Daddy said That's my bag, my balls 
are inside it and I touched it and the things moved and I lifted his bag 
and his balls were really big like lemons and I cuddled them like I did 
with the man and he said Ahh! and I said Does that feel nice Daddy 
and he said Ahh yes so I held them and made them move around 
inside his bag. What are they for, Daddy? I asked him and he said 
Well they make some stuff inside them, and I said What sort of stuff? 
and he said Well it's a sort of creamy stuff and I thought hah - that's the 
stuff that came out of the man's thing when I rubbed it so I said Can I 
see the cream, Daddy and he said, oh no, it's inside me and I said 
can't we get it out? How do you know it's cream if it's inside you and 
you can't get it out? and he said Well, there's a special way I know to 
make it come out and I said Oh wow, Daddy, do the special thing! 
Make the cream come out so I can see it! and he said Well okay then 
and he put his hand around his big hard thing and moved it so the skin 
moved up and down but the under part stayed still, just like I did to the 
man. 

	I pretended I didn't know about what he was doing and I asked 
him Why are you doing that, Daddy? and he said this is the way I 
make the cream come out and I said It looks like you're pumping your 
thing, is your thing a cream pump? and he laughed and said I guess it 
is and I said Can I work your cream pump, Daddy? and he said Well I 
guess so and I said Oh goody and I put both hands around it like I did 
before and made them go up and down like he did and he watched 
me moving my hands up and down his cream pump and said Oh 
yeah, that's nice, I like it when you rub your Daddy's big thing! And he 
said Lisa, your titties are bouncing up and down a little when you play 
with my thing, right here, and he touched me right on my big puffy 
nipple places and made them feel all funny and I giggled and said 
Ooo Daddy, that feels nice and he said Shall I touch your titties while 
you pump my thing? and I said Ooo yeah! and you can touch my 
trickle again too if you want to and he said Oh that would be lovely, I 
would love to touch your trickle while you play with your Daddy's thing 
and he put one hand down and pressed it up against all of my trickle 
and I liked the feeling of his big fingers feeling me all over in between 
my legs. 

	I wiggled a little so his fingers would go all over me there and 
his hand was so big his middle finger went right along my trickle all the 
way to my bum and I giggled. What? he said and I said It feels funny 
when you touch my bumhole and he said What about this hole here? 
and he moved his finger forward and  touched me at the beginning of 
the hole that goes up inside of me, just like the man did, and said Oh, 
you're all wet inside this hole here and I said Do it some more, Daddy, 
it feels nice when you put your finger in my hole so he put his finger in 
a little more and it went in nice and easy because my hole was all wet 
and slippery inside and I wiggled around on his finger and said Oooo 
Daddy that's lovely and he put it in as far as it would go and made it 
move around in me. 

	His finger felt so good up inside me I slowed down where I was 
making my hands go up and down on his thing and he said Keep 
doing it honey, I think the cream's going to come out soon and he was 
talking in a funny voice, all tight and he was sort of pushing his bum up 
and down and then he said Oh yeah, Here's the cream! and a big 
splotch of white stuff came shooting out the hole in the top of his thing, 
just like the man's, and I said Wow! and he said keep doing it! and he 
said something like he was talking to himself about coming while he 
had his finger in his little girl's cunny or something like that but I didn't 
know what he meant and I thought maybe I heard it wrong. Anyway I 
kept making my hands go up and down his thing he made his finger 
go in and out of my trickle hole a little, and more squirts of stuff came 
shooting out and splashing down on his tummy and some got on his 
thing and all over my hands and made them all slippery and then I 
pretended it was like skin cream and made my hands slip up and 
down right along the whole length of his thing and he said Ahhh! and I 
said Is that good Daddy? Do you like me making your cream make 
your thing and my hands all slippy? and he said Oh yeah! Coming! 
and more stuff came out and then it sort of dribbled out and Daddy 
was a mess. 

	He had blobs of cream all over his tummy and a big splotch in 
his belly button hole and it was all over my hands and his thing too. He 
took a big breath and said Wow! and I said Did you like that Daddy? 
and he said Oh wow yeah! and he took his finger out of my hole and I 
let his thing go and it was starting to get all soft, like the man's did after 
his cream came out. My hands were all sticky with stuff and I 
remembered how I had rubbing the man’s cream into my trickle and 
made it all slippery so I could rub it so I got some of Daddy's piles of 
cream in his hand and rubbed it all over my trickle and Daddy said 
What are you doing that for? and I said Well your special cream made 
your thing so nice and slippery I thought I'd made my trickle slippery 
with it, so I can rub it better, is that all right Daddy? And he said Sure 
honey, you can rub my cream into your trickle so I did and I said What 
did you mean when you said about coming with your finger in your 
little girl's cunny? Where did you come? What's a cunny? That's a 
funny word! Daddy laughed and said a cunny was another word for a 
girl's trickle, specially the part where the hole went up inside her. I 
thought it was just a trickle I said and said Well when a girl is little 
that's what we call it but when you get big like you're getting you can 
call it a cunny as well. And where were you coming, Daddy? I asked 
him, I didn't see you going anywhere and he laughed and said It's just 
a word men have for the nice feeling we get when the cream comes 
out. I guess girls can't come then because we don't have any cream to 
come out I said and he said Oh no, when you play with your trickle or 
your cunny and you feel all nice at the end, that's how girls come, so 
you can come too, any time you want to, just by playing with your 
trickle. 

	I was touching my trickle while Daddy was explaining this and it 
was feeling better and better and I saw that Daddy's thing was getting 
all big again. Oh look Daddy, your thing is getting big and sticking up 
again, does it have some more cream to pump out? And Daddy said 
Well I don't know, it might and I said Oh goody this time I want you to 
pump it right onto my trickle - I mean my cunny, Daddy, while I rub it 
and play with it and the cream will make it feel all nice and slippery 
and you can watch me come. Well okay he said and I said I will lie 
down on the floor and you can get in between my legs and point your 
thing at my trickle place and I will rub my trickle all over and play with it 
while you do the cream pump. Okay he said and I lay with my legs all 
wide apart with my Daddy in between them and he knelt with his big 
thing poking out over my trickle and he said You have a lovely trickle 
and cunny, Lisa, you like playing with it and making yourself feel good, 
don't you and I said Ooo yes Daddy, and I want you to make the cream 
go all over it and get it all slippery so he started moving his hand back 
and forth on his thing and I watched him do it while I touched myself in 
between my legs. 

	I made my finger go in circles on my little bump at the top of my 
crack and then I remembered how good my hole - my trickle hole - my 
cunny hole, I guess it is - had felt when Daddy put his finger up inside 
it, so I put my finger where the hole started and slipped it up inside 
myself and it felt all good! Ooo I said and Daddy said Does it feel good 
when you put your finger up inside your trickle hole, Lisa, and I put it  
all the way in, as far as it would go and waggled it around inside me 
like he had but my finger wasn't as big as his and didn't go in as far 
and I said Oh my finger's not as big as yours Daddy and he said You 
can try putting two in your hole so I did and it was better but not as 
good and I said Well I still like it better when you put your finger in my 
trickle hole Daddy and he said Well I will put my finger in your trickle 
hole any time you want me to so I said Oh good, do it now Daddy and I 
sort of pushed my bum up towards him and used both hands to hold 
my trickle hole open wide and he said My what a nice big trickle hole 
you have Lisa, who would think you were only eleven and he licked 
his thumb to make it all wet and slipped his thumb up inside my trickle 
hole because he said it was bigger around than his finger and it felt all 
nice inside me and it did feel bigger inside me. 

	While Daddy was making his thumb go in and out of my trickle 
hole he was going back and forth on his thing with his other hand and 
I was touching myself all over the rest of in between my legs with both 
hands and soon Daddy said Oh yeah! Gonna come! and I said Oh 
goody Daddy, do it all over my trickle and make it all slippy so I can 
rub it better and he said Would you like me to make some go into your 
trickle hole? and I said Ooo yeah! so he took his thumb out of my 
trickle hole and said Now you hold your hole open and Daddy will 
squirt cream all over your little trickle and up your trickle hole too, 
okay? So I said Oh yeah! and I made my legs go up in the air and off 
to the sides and pushed my bum up and put my arms around 
underneath my bum and grabbed myself in between my legs and I 
could feel the big fat halves of my crack and I pulled them to each side 
and spread them apart and said Does this make my hole nice and 
open Daddy? Can your thing make the cream go up inside my hole 
now? 

	Oh yes Daddy said, your hole is nice and wide open and he put 
the big purpley end part of his thing right up against my hole while I 
held it open for him and suddenly I felt something hot and wet go up 
inside my hole and I said Oh Daddy! Is that your cream going inside 
my hole? I can feel something! And he said Oh yeah, coming up my 
little girl's cunny hole! Coming inside my little girl! and more squirts of 
stuff went up inside me and I said Don't forget to put some cream on 
the outside of my trickle so I can rub it nicely and he said Oh yeah and 
made his thing point at my trickle where my little bump is and made 
some cream come out onto my little bump and I giggled and said Ooo 
that feels nice Daddy and he made some go on my pee hole too and it 
tickled. I liked to watch his thing squirting cream at me and when it 
stopped he sort of squeezed it and made some dribble out and then 
he rubbed the end of it all around in his cream and it felt all funny 
because the end part of it was all velvety and made me feel nice and 
his thing got all slippy and when he put it down by my trickle hole 
some of the end part went inside my hole and I said Ooo Daddy, that 
feels funny! The end of your thing is starting to go up inside my trickle 
hole Well, so it is, he said What does it feel like and I said it feels nice, 
Daddy, it's all slippery with the cream you put in my trickle hole and 
then his thing  started to get soft again and I said Oh Daddy I can feel 
your thing getting smaller and all soft inside my hole and he said Yes it 
is, isn't it and he tried to push it in more but it was all soft and bent in 
the middle so he pulled it out and I said I liked it when you did that 
Daddy, maybe you can do it when your thing is all hard, I bet it will go 
up inside my trickle hole all right when it is hard, and he said Well I 
guess it will, we'll try it whenever you like. Then I played with my trickle 
while Daddy watched me and every time my trickle got a little dry I 
could put my finger inside my trickle hole and get some more of my 
Daddy's cream out and make my trickle all nice and slippery again 
and it made me feel all good at the same time. I played with my trickle 
and when I got the good feeling I told Daddy Oh Daddy, I'm coming, 
I'm coming and he said I know, honey, I  like to watch you rub yourself 
and make yourself come. Then we went and had a nice swim in the 
pool, all naked, and then I went to bed.

	

Wednesday

	Today I let a man on the bus look up my short 
shorts, the ones with the really wide legs. I did it on purpose, too! I 
knew that if I let my legs go open a little the person in front of me could 
look up the leg of my shorts and see underneath them. First I thought I 
would wear a thin pair of underpants but then I felt sort of naughty and 
I took my underpants off before I left the house, so if anybody looked 
up my shorts they would see my bare naked trickle. A man about 
Daddy’s age was sitting opposite me and I saw him looking at me and 
I pretended not to, and I let my legs go open so he could see up the 
leg of my shorts. I moved around so he could get a good look and it 
made my trickle feel all funny to know he was looking at my bare 
naked trickle. I could tell it was getting all wet inside my trickle hole. 
Then I pretended to drop a book and he picked it up and I smiled at 
him and said Thank you and he came and sat beside me and started 
talking to me. I had a loose blouse on and I leaned forward. I knew if I 
did that he could see down the front of it and look at my titties and I 
watched sort of out of the corner of my eye and could see him looking 
down my front at my titty bumps. 

	The man asked me what my name was and I told him and he 
asked me how old I was and I told him eleven and he told me I was 
very pretty. He asked me if I would like to go swimming because he 
had a nice private swimming pool and I said Sure but I don't have my 
bathing suit with me and he said that would be okay and we could find 
something that would do. So we got off the bus at his stop and went 
into his house. He gave me a coke and we sat and talked. He said he 
had a young cousin about my age and that he had some pictures of 
her which he gave me to look at. His cousin was a pretty girl with long 
curly dark hair. She was facing the camera wearing a thin white 
bathing suit, and it must have been made of Lycra because it was tight 
all over. Her titty bumps poked out like little low hills and you could see 
her nipple places were all puffy and sticking out. Down by her trickle it 
was so tight it had even slipped into the crack of her trickle and 
another picture showed the girl in a blouse and skirt sitting down and 
the way the picture was taken you could see down her blouse and see 
her bare titties, and in another one she was lying on her stomach in 
her nightgown watching TV and her nightgown was up past  her bum 
and her legs were open a little so you could see some of her trickle as 
well as her bare bum. Wow I thought he really likes to look at young 
girls like me and see their trickles and their titties too! It made me feel 
all funny to look at the pictures and I sort of squeezed my legs together 
and made my trickle feel good.

	Then he said I could go for a swim if I wanted to in his indoor 
pool. Oh I said but I don't have a bathing suit and he said That's okay 
because my cousin goes in with no clothes on all the time.  Wow I 
thought now I can shoe him my trickle again like on the bus so I said 
Okay and I undid my shorts and let them fall down on the floor and  I 
bent over and picked up my shorts and let my legs go open a little so 
he could see my trickle in between my legs. Then I went and had a 
nice swim all naked and he took pictures of me with a video camera. I 
swam on my back and showed him how I could float so he could see 
my trickle well and the more I did it the better it felt.

	After my swim he showed me his studio. It had a big bed on one 
side and some lights on stands and two big TV sets and VCRs and 
some other stuff at the side. There were two big video cameras on 
stands near the bed and another on a table near the door.  He told me 
he had been taking pictures over at the municipal swimming pool. I 
said I wanted to see it and he put it into the VCR and started it up. All 
the pictures were of young girls in their bathing suits. There were a lot 
of closeups that showed how their trickles bulged and their little titties 
made little hills under their thin bathing suits. Sometimes their suits 
slipped into the cracks of their bums and you could see all their bum 
cheeks all bare. Sometimes their bathing suits were all tight over their 
trickles and you could see where their slits were. Some of the little 
girls were scratching and rubbing their trickles while they waited to 
use the slide into the water. Then he showed me the pictures he had 
taken of me when I was in swimming and there were lots of closeup 
pictures of my little titties and my bare naked trickle. 

	 My trickle was sort of itchy like I wanted to touch it and make 
the good feeling come and I thought Hey maybe the man would like to 
watch me do it to myself and even take pictures of me doing it and I 
could watch them later and see what it looks like. Wow I said You sure 
have a lot of pictures of young girls in swimming and he said That’s 
because I think young girls like you are very pretty and I like taking 
pictures of them. Would you like to take some more pictures of me I 
asked him and he said Sure  and I said Sure My trickle feels all funny 
and I want to show it to you while I rub it and make myself feel good. 
Okay then he said so I got on the bed and lay on my back and opened 
my legs off to the sides and made them go way open wide apart, like I 
was doing the splits and he took a closeup picture of my trickle all 
spread open by my legs being out to the sides. 

	You like taking pictures of my trickle, don't you I asked him and 
he said Yes, it's a very pretty trickle and it's specially nice when your 
trickle slit is all open like that with your legs apart. Can you hold the 
halves of your trickle apart with your hands he asked me and I said 
You mean like this and I pulled my trickle parts way open wide and he 
said Yes, just like that and I said That makes my hole go really open 
wide, doesn't it and he said Yes it does, how did you know and I said 
Sometimes I do it in front of a mirror so I can look up inside that funny 
hole, but I can't really see in it properly and he said Well I will hook up 
the camera to this TV set and take some nice close pictures of you 
holding your hole all open and then you will be able to look at the TV 
set and see what the camera is seeing. You can  see way up inside 
yourself so I did like he said and it was funny watching the girl on the 
TV screen lying on the bed and moving her arm when I moved my arm 
and all that. I held my trickle hole open wide and he moved the lights 
so they shone up inside my hole and I looked at the TV and my hole 
filled the whole screen, all pink and spread open and I made my pee 
hole move and my trickle hole too and I put my finger up my hole and 
opened it up wide and it looked funny and made me feel all funny too. 

	He asked me if I liked to put things into my hole and I didn’t 
know what he meant but I told him I liked my fingers up inside it and he 
asked me if I would put my fingers inside my hole and show him how I 
did it and I did and it felt all nice and I made them go in and out while I 
rubbed my bumpy place up at the top with my other hand and my 
trickle felt all funny and I got the good feeling twice one after the other. 

	Did that feel good? he asked me and I said Wow yeah! and he 
said Do you ever put anything else inside that funny hole and said No 
just my fingers and he gave me a funny looking thing shaped like a 
piece of salami about an inch across and six inches long with a blunt 
end and I realized it looked like a man's thing when it was all hard and 
I giggled and he said  Maybe it would fit inside your hole, do you think 
so? and I said Well it might I guess but why would I put it inside my 
hole? and he said Well you never know, it might feel nice when you do 
so I thought maybe he's right, it wouldn't hurt to try it so I held it by the 
bottom and put the round end down by my hole and my hole was still 
all wet from me putting my fingers inside it. 

	I rubbed the big end part around all over my trickle and the put it 
in between my little slit parts and let it slide up inside me. It was sort of 
big, bigger than Daddy's finger, but it felt nice when it went up inside 
me. It sort of stretched my insides and when I pushed it in all the way it 
made me feel all nice and full up inside. How's that? asked the man 
and he was taking a close picture of the big thing all the way inside my 
trickle hole. Oh wow it's nice I said, it feels really nice, my trickle hole 
feels all nice and full up, it felt really nice when I was making it go up 
inside me and he said Well try moving it in and out of your hole so I did 
and it felt even better and I said Oh wow that's so good I'm going to get 
the good feeling again and so he said Okay you keep doing it till you 
get the good feeling so I did and it felt even better than usual and after 
I was finished I just lay there with my legs all spread apart and the 
thing up inside me and I said Oh wow that was great and he said You 
can keep it if you want to, I have another one that Tamara likes to play 
with. 

	Then I looked at him and said There's a big bump in your pants, 
what is it? and he said I bet you know really, don't you? and I said 
Yeah I do, it's your thing isn't it and it got all big and hard from looking 
at me do things with my trickle, didn't it and he said Do you like looking 
at men's big hard things? and I said Yeah, I like playing with them too 
and he said What do you do to play with them and I said I rub them up 
and down and make the white stuff come out. I like to make the white 
stuff go right onto my trickle 'cause it makes it nice and slippy and 
when I did it with my Daddy I held my hole nice and wide open and he 
made the white stuff squirt right up inside my hole. 

	Oh, you play with your Daddy's thing do you he asked and I 
said sure, and after he made the stuff come out he put the end of his 
thing right inside my hole and it went in nice and easily because it was 
all slippery. Would you like to try that? I bet this funny thing has made 
my hole big enough so your thing would fit inside it I asked him and he 
said Sure and he took his clothes off and he had a nice big thing all 
sticking out in front of him like Daddy's and the other man and he said 
Maybe it'll go in better if I play with your trickle a little bit, would you 
like me to do that? Sure I said so he got on the bed with me and I let 
him push the sausage thing in and out of my trickle and I played with 
his thing and felt it all over while he touched my nice places.

	I rubbed the skin on his thing back and forth to make it feel nice 
for him. Then he  took the sausage thing out of my hole and put his 
fingers in and they felt all nice and warm and he said he would lie 
down and I could get on top of him and rub his thing against my slit 
and then if I wanted to put it inside my hole I would just have to sit 
down on it. I thought it would be funny to sit down with something big 
like his thing up inside me and I got on top of him and he felt my trickle 
hole and I played with his thing some more and when I lifted up and 
put the big bulgy part at the beginning of my hole it felt all warm and 
soft and I went forward and down and pushed and made it go up 
inside me and it felt all warm and it was like I could feel his pulse 
going thump thump thump and it made me feel all full inside like with 
the sausage thing only lots better and I pushed down more to get more 
inside me. 

	When I was sitting right down on him it was all inside me and I 
felt all full up inside and he said Now you can make it go in and out a 
little my moving up and down on it and I tried it and it felt even better, 
really nice and I was sort of bouncing up and down on him and he 
played with my titties and reached down in between my legs and 
played with the bumpy part at the top of my trickle crack and that was 
even better and after we did it for awhile I got the good feeling and I 
kept moving up and down on him and then I got it again and he asked 
me if I liked it and I said Oh wow yeah! and he said he was going to 
make the white stuff come out of his thing soon and I said You mean 
you're gonna come? and he laughed and said where did I learn that 
word and I said that's what Daddy called it when he did it and he said 
Yeah I'm gonna come and I'll come right inside you, okay and I said 
sure and then all of a sudden I could feel the stuff shooting out of his 
thing and going way up inside me. It sort of went squirt squirt squirt 
and every time it went squirt his thing sort of got bigger and he pushed 
it a little and then I could feel the squirt of stuff coming out and hitting 
my insides, it felt really funny and I started getting the good feeling the 
first time the squirt hit me and every time it went squirt I got the good 
feeling some more and then his squirts stopped and he said Ahhh! 
and I said Ooo and we both laughed and I said did you like coming 
inside my trickle? and he said Yeah, did you like me doing it? and I 
said I sure did, I just kept getting the good feeling all the time you were 
doing it. Then I was all tied and I lay down on the bed and got my 
breath back because I was all out of breath like I'd been running or 
something.

	Then he knelt down in front of me and he said You have a 
lovely little trickle, let me look at it close up so I let him put his head 
right down by my trickle and I held it open for him while he looked up 
inside it and then he said this is such a lovely trickle it deserves a 
great big kiss And he kissed me right on my trickle! I giggled and he 
did it again and then he left his mouth touching my trickle and 
suddenly I could feel his tongue touching my trickle and I said What 
are you doing? and he said I'm getting your trickle nice and slippy and 
he licked it all over and it sure felt nice. He made his tongue go in a 
sort of point and it went inside my trickle hole and licked me inside too 
a little and then he said Mmm your trickle tastes nice and I said Can 
you taste the white stuff inside me? and he said Yeah, it's nice! Let me 
lie down and you can sit with your trickle over my face and then you 
can put whatever part of your trickle you want me to lick where I can 
lick it, so we did and it was funny looking down at him between my 
legs and there was his head right between them and his mouth with 
his tongue sticking out waiting for me to put my trickle on it so I did. My 
trickle was nice and wide open with my legs on either side of him and 
his tongue sure felt good all over the bits in between my trickle parts, 
specially when he tickled my bumpy place and my pee hole, and then 
the white stuff started coming out of my trickle and I said   Ooo wow, 
the white stuff is coming out of me, it will make a mess because I know 
there's a lot of it 'cause I felt lots squirt up in me. It's okay he said I'll 
just hold my tongue out under your trickle hole and let all the white 
stuff drool out onto my tongue, it's very tasty, so I watched the white 
stuff drool out all in big gloopy globby bits out of my trickle and onto his 
tongue and slide down into his mouth and there sure was a lot of it! 
His mouth got all full of whitey-creamy stuff and then he swallowed it 
all down and got the rest till is just dribbled out and he sucked and my 
trickle hole till all the white stuff was out of me and it made me feel the 
good feeling twice more while he was doing it. 

	When I looked down at his middle his thing was sticking straight 
up in the air, waving a little from side to side. Having him lick my trickle 
gave me an idea and I said Hey your thing looks like a great big 
lollipop growing out of you, can I lick it? We both laughed and he said 
Would you like to lick my lollipop? and I said Sure! so I knelt next to 
him and he touched me all over in between my legs while I held onto 
his thing at the base and kept it straight up and down. I put out my 
tongue and tasted it, it tasted nice, maybe it was my insides I was 
tasting, and the big end part felt like velvet on my tongue, and the long 
bit was all silky smooth. I licked it all over and got it all wet and when I 
licked around the bottom edge of the big end part he said Oooh yeah, 
that's a good way to lick my lollipop, you're a good lollipop licker. 
Maybe you should see if you can put it in your mouth like a sucker he 
said, would you like to do that and when I nodded Yes he said See 
how much you can put in your mouth then. 

	So I tried putting the big end part in my mouth and I had to open 
my mouth really wide so I could get just the purple endy-part in. It felt 
all nice and warm and I could feel his pulse going pump pump pump 
and I licked the end part all over and he said Oh yes, that's nice! so I 
did it some more and he said to rub the long part up and down while I 
sucked on the top part. He asked me if I could get any more in my 
mouth and I tried and found I could get my lips partway down his long 
part and he said to sort of move my head up and down on it and make 
it go in my mouth farther and then almost come out so I tried this and it 
made my mouth pretty full, right to the back of my mouth! He was 
feeling me all over in between my legs and I made them go open more 
so he could do it better and he put his thumb inside my trickle hole and 
it went in nice and far and was thick too and beside he could play with 
my bumpy place with his fingers while his thumb was feeling my 
insides. Ooo, made me feel nice - makes me feels nice now, I keep 
rubbing myself in between my legs while I think of all what we did. 

	He talked to me while I did it to him and said things like, Oh 
yeah, suck Daddy's lollipop, (I thought that was funny because he 
wasn't my Daddy but I thought Ooo, I wonder if my real Daddy would 
like me to suck his thing and pretend it was a lollipop)  Then he said 
My lollipop has a nice creamy filling, would you like to taste your 
Daddy's  nice cream?  I knew he meant he was going to squirt the 
cream stuff out and would I like to have it go into my mouth. I just 
looked around at him and nodded and kept my mouth going up and 
down his thing and he said You want your lollipop to give you that nice 
cream filling, do you? and I giggled with his thing in my mouth and 
nodded Yes again. Then suddenly his thing jerked and a whole bunch 
of really warm thick stuff filled up the part of my mouth above the end 
of his thing. 

	I knew it was his stuff and it tasted all sweet and sour and salty 
at the same time and I was still tasting it and thinking how much there 
was when another bunch came into my mouth and I pulled my mouth 
back so there would be more room for it and I thought I wonder if I can 
feel with my tongue where it's coming out and I put the tip of my 
tongue on the end of his bulgy part, right on the hole and just when I 
did another stream of stuff squirted out of his thing and pushed my 
tongue away, hitting it and squirting up to the top of my mouth like the 
other stuff. I licked the side of his bulgy part and let the next bunch go 
up along my tongue so I could get the taste best and by this time my 
mouth was really full and I looked sideways at him and he was 
watching me catching his stuff in my mouth and some of it was leaking 
out the side of my mouth and drooling down the long part of his thing. 

	Just when I thought Geez, my mouth can't hold any more, 
what'll I do now? his thing stopped squirting stuff and just drooled 
some out and I thought Whew and he said  Does my sweet little girl 
like the cream from her Daddy's lollipop? and I looked at him and 
nodded and he said You can swallow it all down it you want to and so 
I lifted my mouth up off his thing and went Gulp! and it all went down 
into my tummy and I licked around my lips to get it all. Then I licked the 
stuff that had drooled out the side of my mouth off the side of his thing 
and swallowed it too. When my mouth was empty I said Why did you 
call me your Daddy? and he said Well I always liked my own little girl 
to do that for me and she liked doing it too but now she's all grown up 
so it's just like you are my own special little girl. Do you think my 
Daddy would like me to do that for him? I asked him and he said I'm 
sure he would, so I'm going to lick my Daddy's lollipop and get the 
cream filling, first chance I get!

	

	I went to school with no underpants on and a loose blouse so I 
could let the teacher look down the front of my blouse. After class I 
went to his office for some extra schoolwork and he leaned over me 
and looked at my titties a lot. He went and sat down at his desk in front 
of me and I pretended my leg was itchy and pulled up my skirt so I 
could scratch high up on my leg. I pretended to be working at the 
schoolwork while I scratched my leg but I could see out of the corner of 
my eye that he was looking at my legs so I let them go a little apart and 
pulled my skirt up higher so he could see up underneath it and see in 
between my legs all the way up to my bare naked trickle. I scratched 
my trickle with the end of my pencil and then put it up inside  my hole 
and made it go in and out. The teacher pretended to drop something 
and got down on the floor so he could look up under my skirt better 
and see what I was doing. 

	After I got the good feeling while he was watching me I left the 
pencil up inside me because it felt nice and pretended to be doing my 
schoolwork. Oh darn I said I've lost my pencil and he came over and 
stood beside me and said Can I help you find it? and I said Sure, 
where should we look and he said Well what about on the floor and he 
got down on the floor right in front of my chair and said Maybe it's 
somewhere around here and I said I'll pull up my skirt so I can see 
better and I spread my legs and he looked up under my skirt and said 
Well what do you know, here it is here! and I said Where? and he said 
It's in this funny hole in between your legs and I made my legs go wide 
open so he could look at my trickle better and said Well well I wonder 
what it's doing there and he said Shall I take it out? and I said I guess 
so and he took the pencil out of my trickle hole and I said Oh my trickle 
hole feels all empty, have you got something else to put inside it? How 
about this he said and put his finger up inside my hole and made it 
wiggle around up inside me. Ooo yeah I said, that feels better but 
maybe there's something that's bigger even than your finger. Do you 
think so? and he said Well maybe there is and he stood up beside me.

	I saw the bulge in the front of his pants and I pretended to find 
some dirt on his pants and touched him over the bulge and felt his 
thing move when I touched it. Oh my I said what is the funny thing in 
your pants, it seems to be moving! I don't know he said, and I said Well 
maybe I should look inside and see, can I? and he said Well I guess 
so and he let me unzip his pants and his white underpants bulged out 
through the zipper and I said It's inside your underpants I think, shall I 
see and he said Sure if you want to and I used both hands to reach 
inside his underpants and found his big hard thing and pulled it out so 
it was sticking out of his pants towards me. It was all hard and poking 
out, not quite as big as Daddy's but bigger than the man on the bus's. 
Oh my I said, you have a big hard lollipop, can I suck it? Sure if you 
want to he said, he said it was an all-day sucker and I said What do 
you mean because I knew an All-day sucker was big enough to last all 
day and he said It's an All-Day sucker because you can suck on it all 
day if you want to and I giggled and he laughed too. I licked his thing 
all over and then sucked on the end part and he said Oh yeah, little 
girl, give me suckee! I love it when my girls give me suckee. I never 
heard anyone call it that but I didn't mind, I just liked do it to him. He 
reached down the front of my blouse and started playing with my little 
tittie bumps. I kept sucking on his thing and played with his big ball 
things and then he made the white stuff go into my mouth squirt squirt 
squirt and it was all hot and thick like a hot creamy shake but hot, it 
tasted great and I gulped it all down. Then he sat down and I sat on his 
knee and he played with me in between my legs with one hand and 
opened up my blouse with the other and looked at  my titties and 
played with them.

	You were letting me look at your titties and your cunny on 
purpose today weren't you he said to me  and I looked up at him and 
nodded. Do you like showing them to men? he asked  and I said 
Yeah, it makes me feel all nice and funny in between my legs when I 
show them to men and it makes me want to play games with them too. 
What sort of games he asked and I said Well this sort, like when you 
feel my trickle and when I suck your thing and I like it when they put 
their thing in my trickle hole and rub it in and out and the white stuff 
comes out up in my insides and he said he would like to do that with 
me but first  he wanted to take some pictures of me showing off my 
trickle and doing stuff with him to add to his collection. 

	What collection I asked him and he reached into a desk drawer 
and took out a bunch of pictures and let me look at them. They were all 
of girls about my age, all bare naked and all with bare naked trickles, 
and some girls had little titty bumps like mine and some didn't, and 
they were doing all different stuff, like sitting with their legs way wide 
apart so you could see their trickle cracks really well, or holding their 
trickles open so you could see inside them. Some girls were sucking 
on his thing or other men's things and some were sitting on their laps 
and playing with the man's things, it looked like they were going to 
make the stuff come out. And lots of them  had the little girl sitting on 
top of the man, facing the camera so you could see that his thing was 
right up inside the girl's little trickle hole and pushing the two halves of 
her crack apart. I recognized some of the girls, a couple from my 
Grade 5 class and others from Grade 6 and 7 specially one girl, she 
was really pretty and had nice little pointy titties. 

	Oh that's Marlene Catterall I said pointing at the picture where 
she was sitting with a man's thing inside her trickle and he said Yeah, 
she always likes when I fill her hole with stuff and I said I like it too and 
his thing was all hard again now and I said would you like to fill up my 
trickle hole with it? and he said Sure let me get my camera and we 
can take some pictures first so he took some of me holding my legs all 
wide open and then me holding my trickle crack open so you could 
see all inside it and then he set the camera on a stand and it had a 
long thing coming from it so he could take the picture whenever he 
wanted to and I sucked on his thing and then he lay down on the floor 
and I got on top of him and made his thing stick up in front of me and I 
used both hands and rubbed it up and down and then I lifted up and 
put his thing where my trickle hole starts and sort of sat down so it 
went up inside me and he took pictures of it while I went up and down 
on his thing and then he made the stuff come out inside me and I got 
the good feeling three times and then I got off him and got up on his 
desk so he could get the camera sort of underneath me and I squatted 
down with my legs nice and open and he took some more pictures of 
his stuff drooling out of my hole. He told me I should come back next 
week and he would show me the pictures. Then I put on my clothes 
and left the school.



	On my way home from school I went through the park. I was still 
feeling like I wanted to do more stuff, so I asked a man in the park if he 
could find the place that itched me, in between my legs. I  lifted my skirt 
and showed him I  wasn't wearing any underpants. I held my hole 
open and asked him to put his finger up inside me there. He said Your 
hole's all wet, have you been doing naughty things? and I said Well I 
don't think they're naughty, I think they're fun. We went in the bushes 
and he let me undo his pants and take his thing out and look at it. It 
was all big and hard and long, even bigger than Daddy's, and he let 
me play with it. I asked him if I could suck it and drink the creamy stuff 
and he said sure so he lay down and I knelt beside him and put my 
mouth all down over his thing and made my mouth go all over it as far 
as I could and I liked it when my mouth was all full of his big warm 
thing. He moved me so he could touch me in between my legs while I 
was sucking on his thing and he put his fingers in my hole and it felt 
nice. He moved me so I was over his face and he licked me all over in 
between my legs and made his tongue go up inside my trickle hole 
and I got the good feeling twice and the second time was just when he 
made the white stuff come out and squirt into my mouth and there was 
a whole lot of it and it tasted so good I sucked really hard and made 
big blobs come out. After I swallowed all his stuff he gave me a quarter 
and I went home.

	Now I'm waiting for Daddy to come home and I'm going to show 
him how good I am at making men put the white stuff in my mouth and 
up into my insides. I know he liked squirting the white stuff at the 
beginning of my hole before and he liked it when his thing went up a 
little inside me so I bet he'll like doing it all the way in. I bet I'll like it 
too! Now I'm going to stop talking into my tape recorder and play in 
between my legs with both hands while I wait for my Daddy to come 
home and do nice things with me. Maybe he'll come in while I'm doing 
them and he can watch me and I bet his thing gets all big and hard 
when he does. Ooo, that be fun!
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....