
C h a p t e r  14
 Looking at the hole again, she could faintly see the bearded
man's face peeking at her. Smiling to herself, Lisa raised her
leg and turned slightly to the hole in the wall, spreading her
thighs until the opening of her cunt was readily visible to the
man, stroking herself.
 "This is like playing Doctor. I'll show you mine if you'll
show me yours," thought Lisa, determined to put on a show
better than the show on the screen. Parting the lips of her
cunt slightly with her fingertips, putting one finger in her
mouth to moisten it, she began to softly rub her pink clit.
 Alternately licking her finger and then rubbing her pussy,
Lisa found she liked the sweet taste of her slightly musky
pussy, and was getting hotter with each stroke. She could see
the "beard" as she thought of him, pressing his face to the
hole and she looked directly at the hole and slid one finger
inside her cunt, slowly finger fucking her pussy.
 The slick juice from her hot pussy covered one finger, looking
directly at the hole, Lisa wiped her pussy from bottom to top,
gathering more of her lubricating juice on her finger, then
extending her arm out to the hole, offered the "beard", a taste
of her cunt. His mouth pressed tightly against the hole and
Lisa slid her finger into his open mouth as he sucked and
licked her finger.
 She alternated hands, offering fresh drops of cunt juice to
the hairy mouth at the hole, teasing him by holding the finger
out of his reach, then letting him taste her finger a few
seconds later. Finally, she sat back, her legs wide, fed
another quarter to the machine as the booth went dark, then
raising her eyebrows, she looked as him, using her sexual
power.
 "I'll put my cock through the hole and she'll suck on it. I've
got to do it now, I've got to let the blonde suck my cock," it
took him only seconds to get the message that she was silently
sending.
 He realized what she wanted and his face disappeared for a few
more seconds, then a movement as he offered his prick to her
through the hole.
 His male root, advanced slowly through the opening, a tentacle
of his manhood, offered to her in return for the show she had
given him. He stood close to the opening, but, ready to draw
back if he was refused.
 The sensual blonde housewife softly touched the drooping semi
hard offering, lightly tickling with her fingernails, the skin,
then the hot bulbous head. After her first touch, he pressed
tighter to the hole letting all of his cock into her booth, and
his ball hung inside her cubicle. Lisa held and weighed then
tenderly, heavy sacks of sperm, hairy and wrinkled, they moved
under her soft caress. Large and very hairy, they excited Lisa
and she bent forward to peer at them in the dim light.
 Beginning to move the foreskin from over the head of his
glans, Lisa realized that he was not circumcised. This was the
first uncircumcised male she had experienced, and she was
sexually excited at finding that his foreskin closed over the
head of his prick.
 Lisa grasped his cock at the end, holding the heavy foreskin
tightly, began to skin him like a snake.
 The skin smoothly slipped back from the slippery bulb of his
knob, gathering a thick fold of skin just behind his glans. His
purple glans, slippery with honey, was flat at the tip, as if
he had run into a wall at one time.
 It had no curve, just a flat surface with a slit oozing some
crystal clear juice.
 She played doctor with the thick fold of skin, toying with
him, feeling the lubricating juice of his honey welling out
from the knobby head of his prick each time her fingers covered
and uncovered his glans.
 The movie stopped again, Lisa fumbling a quarter to the slot,
then returning to her delightful play with the beard.
 She placed her hand and arm through the opening to feel his
belly. The man was a bear. His skin was covered with a dense
mat of fur, thick and heavy.
 She ran her hand over his balls, to touch and tickle, stroking
his prick and milking the foreskin until it assumed a full
erection, then she dropped his cock and stepped back. His
questing prick throbbed in the opening, then disappeared and
his hairy face came back. Holding her tight skirt high she
pushed her pussy to the hole.
 His tongue went to her wet slit and began to flicker the soft
pink bud of her clitoris like it was a nipple on her breast.
Lisa spread her legs wider, pressing tightly against round
opening, feeling his tongue delve into her hot slit, sucking
and licking her juicy wet box.
 She wished that she could hold his head in her hands as his
tongue slithered around inside her, but the size of the cut out
opening in the wall defeated that idea.
 She found that she could use her hands to caress her tits as
his flickering tongue delved deep inside her saliva coated
pussy, moving slowly and deliberately over the smooth pink
slickness of the tender membranes inside her cunt.
 The housewife moved her hips slowly, thrusting her hot wetly
coated pussy against his mouth as her belly writhed in a long,
extended orgasm, pressing her now mushy cunt hard against his
lips.
 He'd forced his questing tongue deep into her belly when the
movie stopped again.
 Quickly pulling her skirt down, Lisa scooped her panties into
her purse, opened the door and slipped out, leaving him still
on his knees by the hole. Quickly, she entered a dark booth
across the hall and closed the door.
 Lisa slipped the door latch, started to drop a quarter, and
thought about looking in the adjacent booths first. Neither
were occupied, so she inserted her quarter and pulling up her
skirt, sat and began to play with her soaking pussy again until
it was even wetter than it had been. She idly watched the movie
through two quarters, then noticed that someone was watching
her through the left hole.
 The face was back from the opening and indistinct, but peeking
at her all the same. She raised her leg again and began to
finger fuck her wet pussy with increasing rapidity.
 While she carefully watched the opening, a prick came out of
the hole spattering cum on the floor of her booth.
 Lisa watched, enthralled as it swelled again and spurted
another silvery jet of male sperm, then dribbled cum slowly
from the slitted opening. The sperm slowly oozing from the tip,
clinging and overflowing, to slowly run over the clefted glans
and then flow in long sticky strings to the floor.
 As the prick slowed to a dripping, it withdrew, and Lisa saw
light through the hole as the prick's owner left the booth.
 "Too bad," thought Lisa, "I could have sucked his cock and let
him lick my cunt, maybe even fuck it if he hadn't left in such
a big hurry."
 "Well, back to finger fucking."
 Both next door cubicles were filled at almost the same time,
as Lisa played with her cunt, getting hotter and hotter. She
saw both holes occupied with eyes, and quickly knelt to each
hole in turn.
 "Quick, come into my booth and I'll let you fuck me and I'll
suck you off," the randy housewife whispered into each hole.
Seconds passed until she heard scratching on the door. She
quickly opened the door and both men slipped in.
 She pushed the first man over to the bench, whispered to him
to show her his cock. He pulled his erect penis from the fly of
his trousers as she leaned over him.
 The over sexed blonde housewife grabbed his standing prick,
leaking and slippery on the tip, moving to stand between his
outstretched knees and bending down straight legged to take his
cock in her mouth. She flipped her skirt up over her naked ass,
and presented it to be fucked by the second, still standing
man.
 Quickly engulfing the cock in her mouth, Lisa thrilled to feel
a hot prick slide into her cunt from behind, slipping into her
belly until his balls hung between her thighs.
 Sucking madly on one hard cock, while getting fucked standing
up, soon brought her to orgasm, her belly writhed with the
force of her orgasm. The cock in her cunt pounded in and out
feverishly, his hands holding her hips and drawing her back
onto his cock as he thrust into her wet cunt. Her tits were
being squeezed by the seated man getting his cock sucked, pink
nipples hard, Lisa bucked against the hard cock up her cunt.
 Lisa came a second time, then quickly dropped the cock from
her mouth.
"Change places," she ordered. Quick movements followed and
almost before she had time to bend down to take the hot cock in
her mouth, she felt the other saliva slickened prick pressing
at her pussy. Sucking, she tasted the juices from her cunt on
his cock, savoring the mixed juices, laving her tongue around
the head of cock. She felt the prick being withdrawn from her
pussy, to slide up the crack of her ass, centering on the
rosebud opening of her anus, now wet from his saliva and pussy
juice covered joy rod. He pushed his cock tighter to her
puckered opening.
 "No, not there. Don't put your thing there," Lisa said over
her shoulder in a whisper.
 He pulled his cock from her puckered asshole, and slid it
back into her cunt, and she relaxed, but the cock was pulled
back, slick with lubricating juice from her pussy and again
pressed to her asshole. One push of the slick cock and his
bone was head deep into her ass.
 "I said No... Did you hear me?"
 Lisa moaned, but the cock continued to press into her rump.
As she tried to stand up to push him away, the man getting his
cock sucked grabbed her head and held her to his lap while his
companion held her hips tightly shoving his cock deeper into
her asshole. It hurt and Lisa almost bit the cock she had
between her lips, but realized he would probably hit and hurt
her if she did.
 The hard cock in her asshole, made another lunge and forced
it's way up her back passage. Soon, balls deep into her hot
rectum, he began to saw it in and out.
 The pain slowly turned to partial pleasure and Lisa sucking
hard on the knobby head of a leaking prick, began to move her
curved ass around and around feeling the cock violate her
virgin asshole. She put her fingers in the wetness of her hot
cunt. Suddenly, her mouth was filled by hot, salty cum,
spraying her tonsils, and the bucking cock thudding into her
asshole swelled and shot sticky cum.
 The taste of sperm and the strange feeling of the slick juice
shooting up her ass brought Lisa off, her orgasm triggered
another as she sucked and bucked against the twin cocks. Before
she could cum again, the cock left her ass, leaving a
pleasurable void and she heard the door latch being drawn. The
man whose cock she had sucked pushed her roughly away from him
and also left, leaving her alone in the dark booth.
 Lisa sat quietly, feeling the pain in her ravaged asshole
subside, deciding not to tell her husband of her getting a
stiff cock up her back door, deciding that he would get all
excited about her safety and not let her have more adventures.
 She left the booth, and after wandering about in the hall
for a time, found Bill, and went into a booth with him.
 She told him of the 'beard'. Bill got so horny he sat on the
bench with his cock out and had Lisa sit on his lap facing the
screen, while he slipped his hard cock up her cunt, while they
were fucking, Lisa could see faces at the holes watching them
fuck.
 Twice cocks being jacked off were thrust through the holes,
and both times, sperm hit the cement floor, once splashing on
her ankle. After Lisa had an orgasm, her husband came, his hard
prick spurting inside her slippery pussy.
 His mouth pressed to her ear, "Princess, fucking your wet and
slippery pussy after you've been both eaten and fucked, really
gets me off."
They left the Peep Shop, had a couple of drinks at a lounge and
were in bed by 1:00 am sunday morning. Lisa falling into deep
sleep as soon as she had showered.
                           ...
