
C h a p t e r  2
 Her full boobs, were another story. They quivered, shivered,
and jiggled like jelly any time she moved, that being the part
of her anatomy that men always looked at hard, after staring at
her face. Sometimes it became most embarrassing when men stared
at her tits, even though it did turn her on and make her feel
especially sexy. When they looked, she would fantasize about
having the person staring, also sucking and making love to her
tits.
 That was if she was facing a man. If he was behind her, Lisa
knew that it was her curved ass that they liked as they looked.
One of her favorite tricks, was to look suddenly over her
shoulder and catch some poor man staring at her ass, look him
straight in the eye and then smile. Most of the time they got
caught looking, they turned red and looked away, but sometimes,
when they smiled back, Lisa would feel the heated moisture
gather in the folds of her soft pussy.
 Men had always been easy for her. Her figure had changed when
she was fifteen. She had decided on her fourteenth birthday
that she'd always be a skinny bean pole, then with a spurt that
amazed everyone who knew her, she had turned from a skinny girl
into a full woman, all by harnessing her power over a few
years.
 First a thickening of fine peach fuzz on her groin then, a
thick patch of curly soft ringlets.
 Her nipples grew first, then her breasts started swelling,
continuing to grow for more than two years.
 She could remember that every time her mother bought her a
bra, within a month or two it was too tight. Her tits never
stopped growing until she was over eighteen.
 Casting her eyes over her nude body, Lisa decided that she was
lucky that she was a beautiful woman as she dashed from the
bathroom to her closet. The power worked. She really was a
stunningly beautiful woman.
 She slid the hangers in her closet to find a dress to make it
easier to have her pussy touched when Bill got turned on. She
picked a silky jersey dress with a button down front and picked
a wide black soft leather Italian belt to go with the dress.
 She decided not to wear hose, letting her long slim legs be
smooth and naked under her dress, quickly finding a pair of
new panties in her dresser, changed into the new lacy bikini
bottoms that showed the curvaceous cheeks of her ass.
 Slipping the dress on over her head, buttoning the top,
leaving a generous cleavage of her soft tits showing. Her tiny
waist cinched even tighter made her luscious figure even more
sensual.
 At the last instant, she turned, rummaging through her drawer
full of lingerie, finding at the bottom a pair of dark hose
cutout at the top of the thigh to leave her pussy bare. Pulling
them on, Lisa snapped off her bedroom light.
 Leaving the bedroom, Lisa sauntered downstairs.
 "Does this look like what the well dressed wife wears out when
she goes to a fuck movie?" Lisa twirled to show off her dress,
the dark orange jersey dress swirled around her slim legs. Her
full busted tits strained against the warm fabric, quivering
with no support from a brassiere.
 Bill admired her dress, patted her curved ass and grabbed her
hand.
 "Let's get going sweetness, before I pull that dress off your
gorgeous body and fuck you right here on the floor."
 "No Sir, No sir! You said you were going to take me to a
movie, and then make love, or maybe even fuck, which ever comes
first, and I'm holding you to that," Lisa said, pulling Bill to
the door, smiling at his compliment.
                             ..
 The theatre was dark, Bill guiding Lisa to the steps that led
to the upper balcony, walking higher up the long steep steps
until they were at the back row. Peering, they both tried to
see if anyone was in the seats at the rear.
 The rear row darkness was illuminated when one of the patrons
lit a cigarette with his flicked lighter. In the flash of his
lighter, they could see most of the seats in the center of the
row were unoccupied, Bill guiding and following Lisa as they
settled into the soft seats. Of the thirty or so seats in the
last row, most were empty, as they settled back and looked at
the screen.
 The screen had two young women licking on the erect cock of a
young man lying on the floor of what appeared to be a living
room. Both girls slowly sucking and twirling their wet, pink
tongues around the head of his prick, while one held his
testicles, gently kneading and squeezing.
 Lisa watched with interest, her initial embarrassment being
in the theatre slowly leaving her, as the triad on the screen
fitted themselves into ever increasing sexual situations, the
male ran his hands over the tits of one girl, pressing the soft
flesh and pinching the pink nipple gently, then running his
hand down to slide a finger into the wet hole of the other.
The juicy cunt he was finger fucking left a slick coating of
oily lubricating wetness on his finger.
 Lisa could feel the juices from her own pussy wetting her
opening and she squirmed slightly in the seat and leaned over
closer to Bill's arm, turning to face him, whispering in his
ear.
 "I'll answer your question now," Lisa purred. "Yes, seeing a
hard cock turns me on, and the pussies do too! I'm starting to
really get horny now. I can really feel my pussy getting very
juicy. wouldn't you like to feel?"
 Bill caressed her thigh, running his hand over the warm
fullness of her upper leg. His fingers touching the hem of her
dress, raising it and drifting his fingers over the smooth
warmth curved of her leg. His hand drew her dress higher, his
fingers touching the silky band at the crotch of her new
panties, feeling the hot slick wetness seeping through the
silky nylon.
 Lisa squirmed again, slightly spreading her thighs so Bill's
fingers could have access to her tingling cunt. Her eyes on
the screen while his finger teased at her pussy through the
wetness of her panties. Her breathing became shorter as he
stroked the length of the crevasse between her thighs, probing
and moving around in the sweet wet junction between her legs.
 Lisa sensed a movement to her right and saw a man moving
closer to them. He seated himself one seat over, leaving an
empty seat between them. Lisa started to pull her dress down
over her exposed thighs, then she realized that whatever the
man could see was no different than what he could see on the
screen.
 First she felt uncomfortable with the stranger sitting so
close to her, then on second thought, she felt the sexual
thrill of his voyeurism.
 She watched him, out of the corner of her eye. He was not
watching them. Not directly, but his head was turned closer to
them, than to the screen. She was sexually very excited by the
thought of that man watching her husband stroke her pussy
through the thin covering of her panties, knowing she could
turn him on even more by showing him much more of her long
slim curved legs and thighs.
 She worked her power, "Look at that fantastic blonde and the
guy with her. I bet she's getting turned on with his fingers
in her pussy. I'd like to fuck her. I'd like to see her cunt.
Maybe if I move over closer, I could see better."
 Lisa squirmed, sliding down in the seat, moving her dress
higher and very slowly exposing her stocking clad thighs up to
her new panties. She glanced over at the man on her right,
finding that he'd turned his head and was staring at her legs
and Bill's caressing fingers on her hot pussy, through the thin
covering.
 Lisa squirmed around more in the seat, looking directly at the
man's face, raising the hem of her dress higher, opening her
legs to give him a better view.
 He looked harder at her legs and thighs, tempting Lisa to
give him a really good show, with her hot sexual teasing.
 Lisa whispered in Bill's ear, "Dear, I've got to go to
the bathroom, I'll be right back in a minute."
 She carefully made her way past the others in the row,
undullating down the steps at the side and, slowly moving to
see if she could catch sight of any of the men masturbating.
One man had both hands in his lap, moving, but before Lisa
could see if he had his prick out, she was past him, not
wanting to stop and look back.
 The sleek bodied housewife looked for the ladies rest room
sign.
 Leaving the rest room, Lisa walked to the top of the stairs,
slowly swinging her hips as she climbed, glancing at the men as
she passed, entering the rear row.
 The lascivious blonde haired wife looked down at the lap of
the man who had been seated to her right. She slowed as she
brushed by his knees, waited for him to stand up, pressing her
firmly curved ass against him as he stood to let her pass.
 Bill always said that her ass was her best attribute,
looking like a cantaloupe melon cut in two and glued to her
buttocks. The day that Bill had made that comment, was the
day she'd stopped sculpting her ass.
 Lisa imagined that she could feel the swelling bulge of the
man's prick against her firm ass as she slithered slowly past
squirming her buttocks over and against his groin. She paused,
pressing her ass harder against him, squirming slightly,
teasing him with the firm roundness of her buttocks, pleased
with the feeling of sexual excitement growing in her loins.
 "Thank you," she whispered as she smiled in the dim light.
 After sitting by her husband, she again looked over at the
man, noticing now that he had both hands in his lap, covering
his groin.
 "Bet he has a hard cock under those hands." thought Lisa,
"Watching those people on the screen probably has his cock
dripping and he is holding it down. I hope I made it harder
when I brushed against him."
 Bill put a hand back on her leg, fingers slipping slowly, ever
so slowly, up her soft inner thighs, reaching for her pussy.
Bill almost jumped as his fingers touched the soft ringlets of
hair around her bare cunt, his fingers feeling the seeping
moisture gathered at the pulpy slit between her legs.
 She giggled, "That's right. I took them off so you could get
a good feel! The trip to the bathroom was an excuse."
 Bill's fingers sought the wet opening when she opened her
thighs slightly wider and raised her ass to let his fingers
probe her slit.
 Lisa pulled her skirt from beneath her ass, pulling it up
until her long slim legs and slim curved tummy were clearly
visible in the dim light. Her soft and curly thatched pussy
hair clearly visible in the reflected light from the screen.
 She sent an oblique glance to the man on her right to see if
he had noticed her open thighs.
 "Look at that cunt spread her legs. My cock's so hard I think
 I'll sneak it out and flog it a little while I watch her get
finger fucked."
 Lisa echo chamber reverberated to her thoughts, deciding that
she'd try to entice the man to bring his prick out where she
could see it.
 Her face turned to the screen, but her eyes watched out of the
corner the man on her right, only one vacant seat away.
 Lisa watched, holding her breath, as his zipper drew slowly
and quietly down. His hand slithering into the opening as he
opened his fly. Lisa watched as he felt down inside, fishing
for his cock, then slowly, slowly easing it past the metal
teeth of his zipper.
 She felt moisture gush from the folded pink lips of her pussy
as he took his cock out. Sneaking it up, holding one hand over
the head, covering the rest of his cock with the other.
 He was softly and surreptitiously stroking it beneath his
hands until she turned and stared directly at his hands.
 Slowly his hand uncovered his cock, exposing his organ to her
blonde beauty and lusting eyes. Stroking his huge meaty prick
slowly, while he stared at the wet junction between her open
legs.
 Not hard, but impressive anyway, his thick floppy dick filled
his stroking hand, the upper length wobbling over his moving
fist as he stroked. The thickness, even in the dim reflected
light from the screen, was most impressive to the sexually
excited housewife.
 Lisa's already wet pussy emitted even more honey, as she
looked with unabashed glee at the semi erect organ that she'd
enticed into the open with her power.
                       ...
