
C h a p t e r  8
 Bull began to long cock her cunt. His prick withdrawing until
only the head was nestled between the outer lips of her pussy,
then in one long smooth stroke, he slid it back inside.
 Her busy fingers caressing his testicles, rolling them gently,
marveling at the softness of his skin, feeling the stones
beneath the smooth outer covering, exploring the root of his
cock and discovering almost three inches still left outside her
lusty loins.
 She began to buck her ass, arching her back lower, presenting
a more direct line into her belly for his prick to follow,
delighted to feel another inch sink into her streaming cunt,
leaving only a couple of inches or less still outside her hot
pussy. 
 She bucked back harder feeling another inch as his glans
banged into her cunt both deeper and harder, starting a wave of
orgasms to ripple her soft belly, and juice to run from her
filled cunt and drip onto his balls. She wanted to be able to
take him all, every inch of his meat into her pussy, crying out
to him.
 "Just ram it all up my pussy. I need it all, right now!"
 She bucked her ass harder to suck more of his cock in her
belly. He withdrew his prick again until his cock just parted
the full wet lips of her cunt, bringing a drool of her wet
lubricating juice with it, then slammed the vibrant length to
the hilt in her pussy, his balls swinging high to bang hard
against her crotch.
 His violent move slammed the head of his prick against her
cervix, causing both pain and extreme pleasure at the same
time. Each time he slammed home, the pain lessened and the
pleasure grew, when her body started the familiar waves of
orgasms. One long, continuous orgasm, rippled her belly, the
clenching of her tight cunt like a fist gripping his prick,
squeezing and milking. He gripped her hips tightly with both
hands, holding her writhing bucking ass as his cock slithered
back into her hairy opening.
 His lunges against her backside slapped his belly against the
full curves of her rounded ass, setting off ripples in the
flesh that spread almost to the small of her back. Like a stone
thrown into a pond, the ripples returned only to be started
again with each of his thrusts.
 His hairy testicles banged against the top of her pussy with
each lunge, caressing the smoothness of her thighs then with a
gentle slap, tapping her swollen clit.
 Her fingers toyed with his testicles, gently brushing as they
moved freely in between her spread legs, as she felt them
tighten. They pulled up higher to the base of his cock with
each thrust. Lisa's panting grew more animated and her quick
frenzied movements grew faster as she felt his hard balls swell
in her fingers. She moved her hand to her nipple, caressing the
hardened nub, tweaking and fondling as his cock thudded into
her slippery slit.
 Lisa heard Bull snort, his heavy breathing almost stopped
as he withdrew his cock until the glans was just outside the
tight ring, then his cock thundered full length into her soft
belly, holding stationary as she felt him cum.
 His hose, tightly pressed to her cervix, pulsed and spat his
male sperm, squirting his sticky juice into her belly, against
the deepest part of her pussy. The gushing juice, stoppered by
his cock, filled her cunt, expanding spurt after spurt, into
her soft pink vagina.
 The hot wetness spurting deep within her, caused Lisa extreme
pleasure, pressing her curved buttocks tightly against his
belly, sinking his spurting cock even deeper so that she could
feel the pulsations as the spermy liquid leaped from the
slitted opening, into her slippery cunt.
 Lisa moaned, feeling the hot gushing creamy juice fill her
cavity, marveling at the warmth of his ejection and the
sensitive pressure he was putting so deeply inside her writhing
belly.
 The feel of his fire hose shooting intensified her orgasm,
wildly she bucked her hunching ass as she slipped her finger
over the erect nub of her clit, rubbing it to heighten the
effect.
 Sated, and softening, Bull could still feel the rhythmic
pulsations of her soft curly haired pussy milking his cock as
he slowly withdrew and let his prick release from her cunt.
Sperm still dribbled from the tip as it shrunk and tightened
toward his belly.
 He wiped the juices from his cock with his hand, squeezing it,
root to tip, transferring the juices to her upraised ass,
massaging the wetness into her skin as her bucking stopped, her
motor dying, lust temporarily sated.
                          ...
 She squatted on the toilet and pee'd while Bull wiped his cock
on a towel from the rack. Drying her wet slippery pussy on the
toilet paper, she watched Bull drying his prick on the towel,
amazed still at the awesome length left, even though he'd
climaxed only moments before, deep inside her writhing belly.
 "Bring that thing back over here," Lisa demanded from her
throne on the toilet seat.
 Bull moved to stand in front of the sitting lady, his cock
still not dangling down, but instead hanging over his balls in
a curve.
 Her hand tenderly touched his meaty organ again, her tongue
darting out to capture a stray drop of juice that welled
suddenly as she squeezed his cock fondly.
 "Enough, we must get back before my husband misses us, or your
girl friend misses you," Lisa jumped from the toilet, her skirt
falling to cover the shape of her legs as she stood.
 She held and kissed Bull, her arms clasped around his neck to
nuzzle tenderly at his neck, then pulling away, led him to the
bedroom door.
 She straightened her skirt and blouse and unlocked the door to
leave.
 She was startled to come face to face with Susan, standing
just outside the bedroom door.
 "Oh shit!", thought Lisa, "now the trouble starts."
 Susan's tiny body sparkled with anger as she hissed at Bull.
 "And just what do you think you're doing in there with the
door locked Bull?"
 Bull just raised his eyebrows, starting a lame tale to
explain, his voice falling silent as he realized there really
wasn't anything he could say. He pushed by Susan to return to
the front room. Susan pushed past Lisa into the bedroom and
closed the door behind them.
 "Don't say anything, Lisa," Susan's voice was tight with
anger.
"I know he fucked you, I can tell by his sappy look just after
he gets screwed, so, I want you to know that more than two can
play at that game. I don't expect him to be an angel, but, God
damn it, not while I'm in the other room wondering what he's
doing for twenty minutes and where the hell are you at the same
time!"
 Her voice shook as she grabbed Lisa's arm.
 "I know you've got a pussy full of his cream and I don't
like it one bit. I saw you tonight showing your cunt and tits
to all the men, getting them all worked up, and now you'd
better listen to me ....."
 Lisa's resolve not to use her power fled at the anger in
Susan's voice. Lisa's echo chamber started the compulsion in
the petit blond's mind.
 "She got fucked and I didn't. She fucked my lover, and
probably George too. The only way to get even is to fuck her
husband. He's so sexy, that I'd love to have his cock between
my legs. There's not anything much she can say. Turn about is
fair play. She fucks my lover and I fuck her lover. I need to
get fucked, I really need to get fucked right now. My pussy's
so hot now and it's getting wetter as I think about getting
Bill's prick up my hot wet pussy. I need to get fucked right
now, I can't wait, I can't wait at all. I like Lisa, and I'd
like to be good friends with her, but I've got to get fucked by
her husband."
 Susan's voice was still tinged with anger, but her body
compulsions made her lower her voice as she acted out the
suggestive compulsion planted by Lisa's power.
"I don't intend to go home to a fucked out cock and be pissed
off at Bull for weeks about this. I'm sure you fucked George
tonight, so what I'm telling you is this, I'm going to fuck
your husband to get even, so I don't carry this load of
resentment with me out of here. I'm going to get my pussy
filled with your husband's cream until I drip when I walk, and
then you and I are going to kiss and make up with no hard
feelings again, ever."
 "Now, I don't care how you do it, but I want Bill back here
behind a locked door with me, so I can fuck his brains silly,
and if you give me any more trouble in my soul, I'm going to
march out there and announce that you've fucked half of the men
here after dinner and just see what happens then."
 Lisa's voice was low as she spoke to Susan.
"I'm sorry Susan. I just got horny and I didn't think. I never
meant to hurt you, or Bull either. You are right, and I was
wrong. Let me have a few minutes to talk to Bill, Gawd knows
how or what I'm going to tell him but he'll be back here with
you in a few minutes. Come out with me to the living room now,
and you'll have Bill in a little while"
 They walked back into the living room arm in arm. At Bill's
look, Lisa made head gesture to the kitchen and left. Bill
followed her in a few seconds.
 "Something go wrong, or did he see the camera? What's
happening Lisa, you look all shook up"
 "Nothings wrong with your camera, but I just got caught
fucking Bull and Susan's pissed off. She says she wants a belly
full of your cream and she wants it now, and that's the only
way she's going to forgive me.. So, buster, this was all your
idea,"
 Lisa spoke with anger and female logic, forgetting how she had
also planned and executed the seductions.
 "You just get back there with that little blond bitch and fuck
her silly so she'll be off my back!" Lisa was close to crying
as she pushed Bill from the kitchen toward the living room.
 "And one more thing, just you make sure that you fuck her in
front of the camera because I want to watch her get fucked
later!"
 A few minutes later she sighed while talking to Harry, as she
saw her husband following Susan down the hall. She also noticed
Susan's ass twitching back and forth, almost announcing to the
world at large that she was about to get fucked, by another
woman's husband.
 "Well shit," thought Lisa, "at least I got a prick in each end
before the shit hit the fan. Maybe, just maybe, things are
going to get better, 'cause they can't get much worse."
 Realizing that there wasn't anything she could do about her
problem except let Bill take care of Susan's needs, she leaned
forward a bit to give Harry a little better view of her tits as
she waited. After all, the evening wasn't over yet by a long
ways, and she might even get layed again if everything went the
way she'd planned.
 She squirmed a bit, setting her full globes to quivering, and
was rewarded by Harry gulping, adam's apple visibly moving on
his throat as he stared at the pink nipple and shadowed opening
that the sexy blonde housewife what so blatantly offering his
staring eyes.
 "You know, Lisa, I'd not want to offend you, but I'd sure like
to make love to you sometime."
 "You know, Harry, I'd not want to offend you either, but why
do you think that I'm showing you my breasts, if I not trying
to seduce you?"
 "I didn't know that you were trying to seduce me, I thought
that maybe you had a case of hot tits and were trying to get
them out into the air to cool them off," Harry chuckled.
 "I do have hot titties, but I also have a case of very hot
pants, too. Why don't we sit here and discuss just what you
might be able to do to temporarily cure a case of very hot
pants, while I show you a little more of my hot boobies."
 "Well, how hot are your pants, since from what I could see
earlier, you weren't troubled by panties at all. Unless my
tired eyes deceive me, you're bare as it's possible to be bare
under that skirt and blouse."
 "That's so you can have a good time looking, Harry. Tell me
what you see, and how you like it. Maybe if you have time, you
might even tell me how you'd like to fuck me," Lisa giggled as
her skirt slipped open again, giggling again as Harry's hand
slithered between the silken smoothness of her full thighs.
 Lisa parted her thighs slightly, looking around the room to
see if they were being observed, and since nobody seemed to be
paying them any attention, the blonde housewife let her thighs
relax even more, creating a slim crevasse for Harry's searching
hand to caress.
                             ...
