CHAPTER 3

 She turned her head to the right, her ice blue eyes staring at
the thick prick the man was stroking.
 She felt the lusty urge to closely watch his intoxicating prick,
turning her head until she was staring at the hard erect cock being
fondled. His hand continued stroking, although his
eyes didn't leave the screen, Lisa knew he was aware of her
watching him jack off his cock. He raised his body, lowering
his arm to allow an unobstructed view of his masturbation.
 "Bill, the guy on my right has his thing out," she said.
 "What's a thing?"
 "He has his hard prick out, that's what thing!"
 "Good. You said you wanted to see a hard cock being jerked
 off, now's your chance to get a really close look."
Bill moved his head back, his finger pressing harder on her
swollen rubbery and slippery clit.
Lisa turned her head back to watch the prick being stroked a
few feet away from her eyes, while the pressure of Bill's
finger brought her to a long shuddering climax. Her damp
wetness drooled over Bill's fingers as her breathing caught in
the sheer sensuality of his fingers in her pussy and the big
hot prick being masturbated before her eyes at the same time.
Lisa became more aware of the masturbator's eyes, looking up
for a glance at his face. His eyes were fastened to the fingers
at the junction of her slim legs as he continued to raise and
lower his hand on his long prick. If anything, Lisa got more
turned on.
Spreading her legs more, her fingers slipped down to raise her
skirt still higher. Slowly, her fingers pressed the cloth of
her skirt against her smooth thighs, slowly pulling the soft
dress higher on her legs, while watching the man's face.
 "Lean forward a little and look. She's pulling her skirt up
 higher so I can see her pussy. God damn, but she's a sexy broad.
 I'd like to fuck her snatch," her echo chamber said.
He leaned forward in his seat, more closely to watch the skirt
being hiked higher on her slim legs, while Lisa wriggled with
pleasure as she continued to raise the hem to allow him an unobstructed
view of her pussy. She paused with the hemline of
her skirt just below her wet warm pussy, then squirmed on the
seat and raised the hem past the curly ringlets of her pussy,
while staring at his face.
His intent gaze was centered on the soft junction between her
long slim legs, his hand fondling his erect prick with lusty
abandon at the show Lisa was putting on for him.
Lisa continued to pull her dress higher, until her belly was
totally exposed, her whole lower torso, naked to his staring
eyes.
Enjoying the feeling of sensuality she toyed with the buttons
on the front of her dress, slowly unfastening them one by one.
When the last of the buttons were undone, Lisa shrugged her
shoulders. Her dress split down the front, Lisa slowly lifting
her fingers to the opening, pulling the soft jersy open past
the nipples of her naked breasts.
 "Look at all that pussy. I wish she's open up that blouse and
  let her big tits just fall out. Look at those fingers in her
  wet cunt," her echo chamber directed thoughts to her seat mates
  mind.
Taking a deep breath, Lisa shrugged her shoulders, spilling
her soft full breasts out of the opening, where they stood
proudly, jiggling in the reflected light of the screen.
Her mind pictured Bill, "My wife really likes watching that
guy jerk off, she'd really come if she had her hand on his cock
too. I'll talk her into it. She's so hot with my hand on her
wet cunt, she'll do anything I ask. That'll turn me on too,
watching her stroke that big prick."

Bill's voice in her ear, said, "I think you just came with a
finger in your pussy while you watched him jerk off. Did you
like having a finger in your wet cunt while you watched a hard
cock get jerked off?"
 "Oh yes.... I'm hotter than a firecracker, just watching him
  and having you feel me. I like watching him jack off."
Bill's nose tickled her ear as he whispered, "Don't just talk
about it, do it if you want to. I'll get my cock out so you can
jerk off my prick at the same time. That way you can feel two
cocks at the same time."
 "Jesus, Bill. I was just kidding. I couldn't jack him off. I
  don't even know him. What if someone should see me?" Lisa
  whispered into her husbands ear.
Her manner of faking reluctance to his suggestion, even though
she'd planted most of the thought in his steaming brain.
 "So what if they do see you," he whispered back at her. "What
  are they going to say with all of that going on up front on the
  screen? Besides, if you don't take hold of his prick, I'll quit
  finger fucking your cunt. Get on with it dear. I'd really like
  to see you jerk him off."
 "Would you really like to watch me jack off his prick?"
 "You damn right I would. It would even make me hornier than I
  am right now. I'm going to pull my prick out so you can have a
  hard cock in each hand."
His fingers left her pussy to slide the zipper of his pants,
and quickly his throbbing, erect penis was standing from his
lap like a spear.
Her fingers curled around Bill's prick, feeling the good
strong hardness and began to stroke him. Her busy brain engaged
in trying to lure the burly individual closer so she could
stroke two pricks at the same time. She slowly lowered her
right arm and hand to the empty seat between them, palm up,
fingers curling as though holding his prick as her wrist made
imperceptable jacking motions on the empty seat, as if she had
his cock in her empty hand and was fingering it.
The burly stranger looked at her hand, then her face to see
her level eyes open with invitation as she opened her naked
thighs wider for his inspection.
 "Look at her hand, she's wishing she had her fingers on my
  cock. If I move over one seat, I'll be sitting next to that
  sexy body, horny as she is, maybe she'll feel my cock."
With slow movements, he slipped from his seat into the empty
next to Lisa as she removed her arm from the seat and rested it
on the armrest between them. Her hand was hanging over the arm
rest, above and to the left of his throbbing prick.
It was too dark in the theatre to see his prick clearly unless
there was light seen on the movie screen, for a moment she
wished that she had a flashlight. The thought of herself,
holding a flashlight in the back row of an adult movie,
examining a man jacking off his cock, brought the aroused wife
to stiffled giggles. She watched his hand slowly leave his
cock, his upright hard prick wavering just inches from her
curled fingers.
Lisa moved her wrist, her fingers drooping, closer and closer.
She could feel the heat radiating from the mass of male muscle.
Just an inch away and she was hesitating.
Could she really stroke his prick, letting her fingers play
with it?
Did Bill really want to see her jack off a strangers hard
cock, or was he just kidding? Maybe she should reinforce the
power.
 "Look at Lisa's fingers hovering over his cock. Go baby, go.
  Wrap those slim fingers around that fat prick and rub it good.
  I'd better make her do it or she'll get cold feet."
 "Grab his cock baby and wring it out. You know you want to
  feel it," his whisper touched her ear.
 "Really Bill?" Her question whispered to her husband.

 "Go baby, go. I'm want to watch your fingers stroking his cock
  while you play with mine," Bill answered.
 "I'll finger fuck your pussy on this side, so maybe, he'll do
the same. How would you like to get finger fucked by two men at
the same time tonight, right here in the theatre?"
Lisa's wet cunt spasmed at his whisper, another hot wet orgasm
following closely, as her drooping fingers touched the hard
smooth slippery knob of her seatmate. His breath sucked in as
her fingertips dabbed at the slitted opening, the hole in the
knobbed end of his throbbing prick dribbling honey to moisten
her fingertips. Her exploring fingers slightly slippery now,
traced the knob, lightly moving the heavy foreskin back down
his cock. Her red tipped fingers slightly squeezing the bulbous
head of his now slippery prick.
 She was amazed at the size of him. She thought Bill was big,
but this burly individuals prick throbbing in her hand was
huge.
 "You wouldn't believe how much cock I've got in my hand."
She said into Bill's ear, "I can't close my fingers around it.
This guy is built like a fucking horse."
Bill leaned forward in the seat and turned slightly, to see
her slim fingers moving on the thick maleness. Lisa's fingers
were curled around the beefy stalk, but couldn't meet around
the huge thickness protruding from his wide open, unzippered
fly.
The head of his cock was like a small apple, deeply clefted at
the bottom of his glans and flaring sharply like a big giant
mushroom, swollen with his lusty needs, dribbling his honey
over her questing finger tips as she caressed his knob.
Just watching his slim wife's hand running all over and
touching another man's prick was turning Bill on like never
before. He could feel his own prick emitting moisture from the
tiny hole as Lisa smeared her thumb over his slippery juice.
Bill intently watched as Lisa began to fondle the big meaty
mass of her stranger's heavy prick.
Lisa tightened her grip, feeling the round heavy roll of his
foreskin slide down his cock, then rolled it back up over his
knob. Her movement gathered the skin in heavy folds, completely
covering the glans, also milking drops of juice which ran down
over her fingers. The stickiness of his juices turned Lisa on
even more, stretching out her legs, opening her thighs wider,
hoping to invite the male stranger to stroke her cunt as she
caressed his huge hard leaking male organ.
Her seatmate raised his arm resting it on the armrest, unsure
of her reactions, he made tenative motions with his fingers as
if he were stroking her. Lisa moved her thigh closer to his
resting hand.
The beautiful, turned on blonde leaned her head closer to her seatmate
on the right.  "Touch me, please," she whispered to him.
Slowly her seatmate moved his hand, letting it rest on her
thigh, his fingers just touching the curved fullness of her
upper leg.
His tenative touch on her thigh was gentle as he left his hand
stationary on her thigh to see Bill's reaction to his touching.
Her husband's reaction to the hand on her bare thigh was rapid.
Her husband moved his hand to touch the stranger's big
fingers, pulling his hand higher on his wife's leg until the stranger's
fingers brushed Lisa's exposed and throbbing pussy's
curly hair.
Both sets of male fingers touched, then began to caress her hairy wet
cunt.  The first touch of both sets of male fingers sent the blonde
wife into another long orgasm, followed by another that set her
full breasts shuddering in the the dim light reflected from the screen.
Her nipples, even the inverted left nipple, were
standing up like strawberries.
 "Stroke my tits while you feel my pussy," the aroused wife
  whispered into the beefy stranger's ear, getting even more
  aroused at the sound of her own voice talking dirty.
The stranger's other hand began to squeeze the soft globe of
her tit, rubbing her erect nipple slowly in tantalizing circles
while both male fingers explored the region of her wildly hot
squelching pussy.
Lisa lay back, relaxed in the seat, pumping both pricks and
feeling the juice at the tips coating her fingers. She wondered
briefly, if this was the ultimate turn on, stroking two pricks
and getting finger fucked by two men at the same time.
She felt the desire to taste the seeping juices, to compare
male to male and see if the leaking lubricating juices from one
cock tasted any different than another.
She moved her fingers to each bulging prick tip, to transfer a
drop of leaking cock honey from each cock to her finger tips,
then she released both cocks. The sensual blonde wife touched
first one finger, then the other to her lips, rubbing the
slippery male honey on her full lower lip where her pink tongue
darted out and licked the juice.
She smacked her lips quietly at her husbands familiar salty
wetness from one finger, savoring the burly stranger's cock
honey from the other.
The clear cock honey oozing from the meaty prick on her right
was thicker, and if anything, just a little sweeter than her
husband's sticky, salty cock juice. Just one more taste of each
prick, then she moved her hands again, dropping them to both
groins and she began to pump harder, while watching the screen.
A red haired lady was getting her pussy sucked. Her sleek
thighs wide open, as the pink tongue was thrust into the furry
opening between her legs.
 "Jesus, what a turn on," Lisa thought. "Here I am, with a hot
throbbing prick in each hand, my husband and another guy I
don't even know, finger fucking my pussy, while here on the
screen a six or seven foot pussy is being licked by a guy with
a five foot tongue."
Lisa spasmed again, her orgasm wracking her body, her active
wet cunt making squelching noises, as the fingers caressed her clitoris
spreading the soft lips of her pussy.

                      ... 





















 she wanted
him, and she envisioned that his cock was erect through most
of the meal.

Now, here they were, face to face in her apartment, but she
was not responding as she had anticipated.  As they moved to
her bedroom, she hoped that he would reawaken those h
