
C h a p t e r    9
 When the bedroom door clicked shut, Susan turned the lock in
the center of the knob and with a hard, tight voice said to
Bill.
 "Your hot assed wife just got finished fucking my boy friend
in here, and I don't want any conversation from you at all. I'm
still mad as hell, and the only thing that's going to make up
for it, is for you to fuck me, or me to fuck you. I don't care
which, but, I'm going to have one whole load of your slippery
cream in my cunt before we leave this room!"
 "Now get your clothes off mister. I want your naked body, and
I want it now!"
 Susan skinned her dress high over her head, her body clad in a
brassiere, panties that just covered her tiny full hips, a
garter belt holding up her thigh high stockings. Bill hadn't
seen a woman wear a garter belt except in the fuck movies, for
years, delighted by her tiny figure.
 While he kicked of his shoes and peeled off his socks, he
watched her reach behind her back to get the catch on her bra,
unfastening it to spill her pert titties from the wispy silk
covering. Her breasts were full for her slight figure and as
she pulled her panties from her tiny flared hips the chestnut
brown curly ringlets of her cunt peeked from the vee between
her legs. Shirt, trousers and shorts gone, Bill stood by the
bed, bare, his heel touched the recorder switch and slipped it
on.
 "Do you want to fuck me, or have me fuck you?" Susan
asked, still clad in the garter belt and stockings. I don't
care, just as long as I get fucked."
 She stood, hands in fists on her hips, looking delightful to
Bill's eyes. His cock, dormant, began to fill and raise from
his testicles.
 "Well, how about you fucking me. That seems only fair under
the circumstances," Bill lay on the bed, careful to make sure
he was positioned correctly for the camera lens, crossing his
hands behind his neck, watching her tiny body as she crawled
onto the bed.
 "You know Susan, it's not really all of Lisa's fault that she
wanted to fuck Bull. He's a sexy guy and knowing my wife, she
got turned on and without thinking, just got it on with your
boy friend. Hell, I've wanted to fuck you ever since I first
saw you."
 She grabbed his cock roughly, skinning the foreskin back,
pumping him like she was pounding corn in a bowl.
 Her anger turned Bill on even more than his thoughts during
the evening when he knew Lisa was making some good fuck scene
movies for them both. Her tight body tensed with effort as her
titties quivered with the movement of her hand jerking off his
cock.
 "I wanted to fuck you too, and I am," her voice softer now,
"I'm about as turned on as your wife was. Let's quit talking
about fucking, and start fucking!"
 Moisture began to appear at the head of his cock, wetting the
foreskin and her fingers as she pumped him hard. The sensation
of his hard cock in her hand and the excitement soon dampened
her anger, her stroking became more loving than hating.
 When he extended his hand and cupped her quivering titties,
she sighed, bolder now that his other hand began to caress her
flanks and hips, fondling her ass.
 Now both hands at his groin, Susan stroked more softly, then
swung one silky leg across his body to straddle his hips, her
slippery hot pussy near his cock.
                           ..
 Harry's hand surreptitously moved over the silken flesh of
Lisa's upper thigh in the living room, while her husband was
getting ready to slip his hard prick into Susan's waiting pink
cunt in the locked bedroom.
 "Harry, don't put your fingers up too high there, somebody
might see."
 "If you'd get the lights a little lower in here, no one could
see anything," his petulant voice murmured at her.
 "How about just flickering fire light, would that help?" Lisa
grinned at her office manager.
 "That would help fine. Let's get a fire going!"
 "I know where you'd like to get a fire going, but are you
enough fireman to reel out enough hose to put the fire out
later?" Lisa giggled at Harry.
 Harry's hand grabbed Lisa's, pulled it to his lap, pressing
her fingers against his groin.
 The sensuous blond's fingers wiggled, feeling the hot bar of
Harry's sex, swollen and hard.
 "That's feels like enough hose to put out the Chicago Fire,
and have a little left over. Now let's get a fire started, in
the fireplace."
 The two moved to the fireplace, Lisa squirting liquid fire
starter over the kindling at the base of the oak logs, striking
a long match, applying the match to the fireplace.
 Quickly the fire started, the flames sweeping to envelope the
small oak logs, setting off a crackling sound as the flames
turned the kindling to red coals under the logs.
 "Oh goodie, a fire," buxom Polly said to the group as she left
Bull to sit on the carpet in front of the fireplace.
 "What we need is some brandy, and to sit and watch the fire.
Don't you love to see the flames when the fireplace is full of
hot coals and burning wood?" Lisa asked Polly.
 "I always love a fire, it's so romantic," Polly's sultry voice
announced.
 "I really get turned on sitting in front of a fire," George's
deep male voice joined in the fireside banter.
 "I'll get the brandy while you all get cozy in the firelight,"
Lisa moved to the kitchen, quickly placing a bottle of brandy
and eight glasses on a tray, returning to the group now huddled
in front of the fire.
 George poured brandy into each glass, handing the half filled
glasses to the watchers.
 The two remaining glasses on the tray attracted attention to
Bill and Susan's absence.
 "Where's Bill and Susan, Lisa?" Bull's query startled
Lisa.
 "Oh, they're in the den, Bill's showing Susan his new home
computer, they'll be out soon. Let's drink up all the brandy so
they'll miss out if they don't hurry up."
 The bigger logs in the fireplace were actively burning now,
casting the amber and red flames over the bark surface of the
wood, lighting the room in dancing shadows.
 "Somebody turn off the lights, and we can sit in just the
firelight," Harry moved over to sit by Lisa.
 The lamps in the living room turned off, the group sprawled on
the carpet, Polly lying with her head with her head on Bull's
lap, Betty lying on her stomach facing the flames kicking her
slim legs in the air behind her. Her curved rump quivering
each time her legs moved.
 "Bull?" Polly looked up at his face as she moved her head in
his lap, "is that your wallet in your front pocket, or are you
just glad to see me?"
 "My wallet's in my back pocket, that's me you're rolling the
back of your head on, and I am glad to see you. I'd be gladder
to see more of you."
 "What's this gladder, is that the past tense of glad?" Betty
laughed, "sometimes I don't understand American slang."
 "What part of Polly are you interested in seeing, Bull?" Lisa
giggled at him.
 Polly squirmed again on Bull's lap, "Yes Bull, what parts are
most interesting?" She moved her shoulders, quivers running
over her full breasts, the voluptuous ebony haired lady smiled
up at Bull.
 "Tell her the truth, Bull!" George's deep voice laughed,
"don't bull shit her."
 "Give me another shot of that brandy, and I'll tell everyone."
 Lisa moved to lean over and grab the bottle, pouring a healthy
glass for Bull, quizzing the rest, "Anybody else?"
 "Here, if you please," Betty moved her glass out, and was
replenished, along with Harry.
 Polly drew her glass up, raised herself from Bull's lap and
drained her brandy glass, "I'll take another since we all seem
to be intent on getting drunk tonight."
 Lisa poured another glass for her sensuous black haired
friend, then moving to fill the rest of the glasses again.
 "Whoa, lady. Are you trying to get me loaded?" Bull's voice
questioned Lisa.
 "Your already loaded. I can feel the shot gun from here,"
Polly giggled up at him, "and you didn't answer my question."
 "What question?"
 "What part of me you'd like to see more of!" Polly giggled
again, the alcohol and the warmth of the fire suddenly acting
on her inhibitions, her full breasts quivering on her chest as
she laughed, "if you can't say it, you can't see it."
 "Not it, them," Bull laughed.
 "You don't mean that you like to look at Polly's tits, do you
man?" George laughed.
 Certainly I'd like to look at her tits, wouldn't you?" Bull
turned to Harry who was laughing at Polly's direct question.
 "Sure would, Polly, show Bull your tits," Harry grinned at her
as she first frowned then laughed at the men looking down at
her.
 "I'll show him my tits, if I get to see what I'm laying on."
Polly giggled.
 "My, but you Americans beat around the old bush," Betty's
English accent giggled, "at home in London, if I was at a party
having this much fun, I'd have a finger or two up the old
twat."
 "Well, the evenings not over yet, you still might get your
wish," Lisa giggled back at her English guest.
                    ..
 In the bedroom, Susan straddled Bill, holding the hard pulsing
warmth of his cock in her hand, while the bantering group in
the living room waited to see Bull's reaction to Polly's
invitation.
 Susan drew the oozing head of his cock up against her pussy,
using the glans to transfer his slippery juice to the opening
of her cunt. The rosy glans of his cock parted the soft hair
covered opening and rubbed against the pink, tight lips of her
vagina, opening the lips more until his glans was tucked into
the cleft of her cunt, raising her ass and guiding his cock,
sliding it deeper into her cunt by raising and lowering her
tight pussy gently until his prick started the juices flowing
from her.
 Worming his cock deeper into her belly, Bill could feel the
tightness of her pussy get wetter with their combined juices,
and his cock inched deeper with each movement of her ass. He
arched his loins, driving his cock the last distance left to
go, feeling the soft hair on her cunt tickling his belly.
 With his cock now fully inside her pussy, Susan began a
rocking motion, rubbing her clit against the hairy mound above
Bill's prick. Her motion was almost automatic, with no change
in rhythm, Bill savoring her tight cunt.
 He gripped her ass with both hands, helping, his arm motion
and hip pulling coincided with her rocking. He kept his body
still, content to let her fuck him, just helping her establish
the rhythm.
 Her blond hair swung with her motions, her body flushed in the
light, turning pink with a thin sheen of moisture as she
started perspiring. Drops of perspiration running, forming a
channel between her quivering tits, down her tight belly to
gather in the hair around her pussy. Drops soon formed and
using the pink nipples of her tits, were flung out by the
exertions of her steady rocking torso.
                           ..
 "You show me your's first," Bull laughed, "then I'll show you
mine."
 "I'm too tired to reach the buttons, and too drunk to fiddle
with them," Polly giggled.
 "I'll do all the hard work then," Bull announced, his fingers
moving the the top of her blouse, opening three buttons and
working on the fourth before Polly realized that his hands were
about to have her boobs out of her blouse.
 "What are you doing?" her voice indignant.
 "He's going to look at your tits, then he's going to show you
his cock!" Betty's English voice broke up in laughter.
 "The hell I am," Polly's voice giggled.
 "The hell you're not," Harry laughed at her, "You can't renege
now after you already laid out the rules, besides, I want to
see your tits, too."
 "Everybody always want to see my tits. Well, hell, look at
them all you want to," Polly moved her hands down from their
protective covering over her chest, "but we all get to see your
cock, too!"
 "That's the spirit, Polly," Lisa leaned over her, "let 'em all
hang out."
                            ..
