
C h a p t e r  10
 Bill could see Susan's ass clenching in the mirror, framed by
the garter belt, her shivering curved ass cheeks started
Bill's prick pounding even harder, the pulsations matching
her rocking rhythms.
 He ran his fingers over the cleft of her ass, enjoying the
feel of her full buttocks under his palms, touching the bud
opening of her ass.
 Like she had been goosed with an electric cattle prod,
Susan jumped, her rhythmic rocking halted, as his finger
rubbed gently at the puckered opening. He rubbed his finger
in a circular motion as he felt her body loose it's rigidity,
then her rocking motion picked up again, at a slightly
faster pace, perspiration droplets spraying from her quivering
tits.
 Bill felt the oily liquid swishing from Susan's cunt, dipping
a finger, transferred her cunt juice to her asshole, rubbing it
into the puckering bud.
 His finger dipped again and again into the oily juice of her
cunt, until her asshole was dripping wet with slime from her
pussy, then with one last dip into her cunt, he wet his finger
to the second knuckle, pressing it against her asshole. His
finger wormed inside to the second joint and Susan went mad.
 Her body rocked with frenzy as she tried to grind her cunt
tighter onto his prick, her cunt hair matting against his
belly, while her ass poked back as she arched her back.
 His wriggling finger up her ass while his cock filled her cunt
started her shivering. He pressed harder, his palm flat to her
bottom, his finger thrust the last inch into her ass and he
rotated his hand, his finger deep in her puckered asshole.
 His palm rubbed the smooth round globular cheek of her ass,
his forefinger deep into her asshole, his middle finger dipping
into the channel of her ass, feeling his own prick slithering
up her cunt.
 Her resulting orgasm was so intense that he could not only
feel her cunt writhe around his cock, milking it, but her
asshole also convulsed tightly around his deep sunk finger.
 "Ohhhh.... Ohhh... Ohh," her voiced raised higher and higher
as she gushed juices from her cunt, her orgasm shaking her tiny
trim body.
                         ..
 Betty giggled, "Well, Bill may have been showing Susan his
computer in the den, but that's the sound of fucking, and I
think Bill's done showing her his computer, and now he's
showing her his prick, don't you know."
 Lisa laughed at Betty, "If he's showing her his prick, then
she's showing him her pussy. Too bad nobody here want's to see
mine, because for two cents, I'd show it."
 Harry's hand drew two bright shining pennies from his pocket
and tossed them on the carpet in front of the sensuous blonde
housewife.
 "Here's two cents."
 "I'll wait for Polly and Bull first, then I'll show you."
                         ..
 At the peak of Susan's convulsions, Bill's cock began spurting
cum, squelching in her pussy, shooting jet after jet of thick
creamy juice into her belly, triggering another orgasm from her
tense body.
 "OH OOOhhhh...," her voice almost screamed her satisfaction.
Her body shuddered again, then collapsed over Bill. Her lips
soft against his as she nestled to him as he caressed her
silky back and ass.
                            ..
 Bull's fingers triggered the last three buttons opening
Polly's blouse to the waist, pulling the ends of the material
from her skirt, pulling the blouse off over the top of her
head, her arms raising to help him rid her of the clothing.
 Polly's boobs, rose from her chest in twin peaks, encased in a
beige colored brassiere, truly awesome in size. Bull lifted her
upper torso slightly, fumbling in the back for the catch, his
attempts to open the hidden catch were obstructed by Polly's
giggles and wriggles.
 "I don't know what you're trying to do Bull, but my bra is
fastened in front," she giggled at his thick fingers trying to
find a catch in back.
 "Why didn't you tell me before?" Bull said, disgustedly,
finding the catch at the front of her bra, releasing the
material covering her mounds.
 The catch open, Polly's huge tits sprung free from her bra,
standing proudly from her rib cage, nipples the size of Bull's
thumbs peaking the soft mounds.
 "Hooray," George cried, "them's what I call tits!"
 Bull's fingers slowly moved to caress the softly moving
mounds, this thumbs moving over the crinkled skin of her
nipples, drawing the skin tighter and making each erect nipple
swell and grow harder with each touch, while Polly's head moved
in his lap slowly, pressing her ebony hair against his over
heated groin.
 After a few seconds, Polly spun over on her tummy, her weight
resting on her elbows as her hands darted to his belt buckle.
 "My turn now," Polly giggled impishly, "Now I get to see
what's been poking me in the back of my head."
Her fingers flew to his buckle, drawing the leather through the
metal, opening the metal catch at the top of his slacks,
fumbling with the zipper, drawing it down full length.
 Her hand dove into the opening, wriggling inside his shorts,
grasping and pulling at his cock, pulling it free to stand in
his lap.
 "My gawd," Betty's awed voice exclaimed in her very British
accent, "no wonder they call you Bull. You're hung like a big
Spanish steer. Are you sure you don't have a little black blood
in you, brother?"
 Lisa giggled at Betty's open mouthed stare. Her own hand busy
caressing Harry's male member through the material of Harry's
slacks.
 "George," Betty looked at her date, "if you had a cock like
that, I'd marry you! They don't have anything like that in
London!"
 Betty," George replied, "if you'd show me your English ass, my
cock would get even bigger than that."
 "Oh goody," Lisa giggled, "show and tell time folks. You tell
what part you want to see, and the person has to show."
 "In that case, if I have my choice, I'd like to see Betty's
English ass. It sure looks good, all curved up and over, with
her lying there on the floor," Harry's voice almost shouted.
                       ..
 The two lovers in the bedroom, lay entwined, legs sprawled over the bed, breathing slowing after their sexual session.
 "I never had anyone do that to me before," Her muffled voice
whispered into his ear, "I got off like a skyrocket. I didn't
know if I liked it or not when you started rubbing me there,
but when you had your finger inside my ass and wiggled it, I
started coming like a buzz saw."
 "At least I'm not mad at anyone anymore. I'm just glad I
got my belly full of your hot cream... aand I'm so relaxed
now, not uptight at all. hank you, Bill. I'm going to thank
Lisa too, and tell Bull I'm not mad at him anymore."
                          ..
 "Hell, I'm not shy, I'm just drunk and horny," Betty giggled,
"anybody want's to see my English ass can see my English ass
anytime they ask!"
 Her sleek body rose to a sitting position on the carpet, her
hands to the hem of her dress, skinning it up and off her body
to toss it to the side. The black beauty wasn't wearing a bra,
and only her wispy panties covered her highly arched ass.
 "But I don't take my own panties off at a party, I always let
somebody else do it for me. Harry, will you do me the honors,
since you're the gentleman that want's to see my ass?"
 Harry's large hands grasped Betty's filmy under pants, pulling
them over the richly curved mounds of the cheeks of her ass,
and down her slim legs, to toss them by her discarded dress.
 Betty lay face down again, the strong muscles in the ass
writhing under the skin in the light from the fireplace.
 "After that, I don't see why any of us are wearing clothes,
let's get this party going!" George grinned at the others, his
fingers busy stripping his clothes from his body, to lay naked
next to Betty, face down on the carpet.
 Lisa followed, her blouse and skirt tossed on the discarded
clothing pile, while Harry and Bull followed her lead.
 The three couples sprawled out on the soft carpet, naked,
drinking brandy and moving their hands lovingly over each
other's bodies. Soft sounds of contentment and an occasional
gasp as one of the group touched a particularly sexual part of
another's body.
                        ..
 Bill patted Susan's fanny tenderly as she swung her leg over
his body to dismount. Her matted pussy, pink lipped and open,
swished and juicy cum dripped on his belly. She cupped a
hand under her pussy and went to the bathroom to freshen
herself. When she returned, Bill was just finishing with his
shoes, and he sat watching her dress.
 I'm going to leak all night from the load you put in my
belly, Bill."
 He grinned, his hands cupping her ass as he pulled her to him
for a kiss.
 "My pleasure, Susan, shall we join the others?"
                              ..
 Bill and Susan, hand in hand returned to the living room to
find the other three couples sprawled naked in front of the
fire, drinking brandy.
 "It's about time you two came out of the bedroom!" Lisa
giggled, you were about to miss all the fun. Your brandy is
right there on the tray. Get your clothes off again, and join
with us."
 Susan's dress went flying, Bill a little slower, trying to
undress with a glass of brandy in his hand.
                               ..
Harry chuckled, "Looks like everyone but Polly, Betty and me
has been in the sack tonight. Come on girls, it's catch up
time."
 The three joined arms and headed down the hall, leaving
the bedroom door open. Bill remembered that he had forgotten
to turn off the recorder and grinned.... 
 After the remaining five had discussed Harry and the two
girls a short while, George stood.
 "I guess I'll go see it the stud needs any help with the
lady from England. I'll show her a little of Yankee Doodle's
dandy!"
 Seconds later the others followed, leaving Bill and Lisa
alone in the living room. They quickly got caught up on the
evening away from each other, both admitting they were too
fucked out to join an orgy, but would enjoy watching it on
tape sometime later.
 When female moaning started up in the bedroom, curiosity
drove them to go and watch.
 Harry lay on his back, Polly astride riding his cock while
Betty's black slim English body knelt over his face and busy
tongue. Polly was doing the groaning and moaning as she screwed
her cunt on his cock.
 Bull stood on the bed, his huge cock in Betty's mouth, slowly
fucking his prick in and out of her pink lips, her hand busy
jacking him off as she sucked.
 George, prick in his hand was slowly masturbating, his glans
against the Polly's full breast. Susan lay with her head on
Harry's belly, her eyes inches from Harry's cock fucking Polly,
her fingers dipping into her own pussy, slowly finger fucking
herself.
 Bull pulled his cock from Betty's mouth, spraying sperm over
her upraised face, the silver liquid running down to her tits,
as he rubbed the residue into her black breasts. The sight of
Bull's cock shooting started George pumping his prick faster
and Polly's had grabbed it and stuffed it in her mouth,
greedily sucking as he shot his cum.
 Harry continued pumping his cock into Polly's cunt, faster
and faster, until he too squirted his juice to fill her
willing cunt. Susan scrambled closer to Polly's cunt, and as
Harry pulled his cock out, Susan fastened her lips to his
still oozing meat, sucking him dry while finger fucking her
own cunt until she came again.
 Bill and sensual wife sat on the bed, caressing and stroking
the fucking couples, until Bill's prick stood from his naked
loins, throbbing and pounding with lust. He pulled his cock
with his hand until it stood leaking at the tip, moving over
the bed to kneel behind Betty, still getting her cunt sucked by
Harry's eager mouth.
 Bill's hard cock nestled up to Betty's richly curved English
ass, pressing against the clefted opening between her full
buttocks, until she raised her ass higher, her pussy leaving
Harry's questing mouth as she crouched on hands and knees.
 Bill's hard prong slid into her over heated, pouting wet cunt
like butter, filling the jagged pink lipped opening to the
hilt, his balls touching her slim curved thighs as he began to
fuck the sexually aroused lady dog fashion.
 Lisa, sexually excited by the sight of her husband fucking
Betty, moved up onto the bed, her slim sensual body writhing
into the huddle of warm bodies, her hands running over the
plenitude of hot flesh, touching wet and sticky, the sexual
organs of the orgy participants.
 The lovely blonde, lying on her back, watched her husband's
thick cock sliding into the thick pink lipped opening between
Betty's thighs as her ass bucked back onto him.
 After a few minutes of hunching, Betty's moans became louder
as she commenced her orgasm, her groans shuddering her swinging
pert titties, her belly knotted with passion.
 Bill drove his cock deep into the black girl's cunt, spraying
his hot sperm into her wildly swinging hot pussy, while he
clutched her writhing ass with both hands.
 Moments went by, then with a groan of satisfaction, he
withdrew his sticky prick from her leaking pussy, and stood by
the bed in exhaustion.
 Bill stepped on the switch, shutting off the recorder and
went back to the living room, waiting for the others.
                          ..
 Later, gathered together over coffee, the group laid plans
for the next party, not quite understanding Bill and Lisa's
insistence that they have it here again. After some small
arguments, all agreed to have another dinner at Bill and
Lisa's. With much patting, kissing and loving touching, the
party broke at two a.m. with the guests laughing as they left
for their cars.
                         ...
