LISA'S STORY



Chapter One - Daddy's Little Girl

One Friday evening shortly after Lisa's sixteenth birthday her mommy and daddy
were sitting in the living room after she went to her room to watch TV.  When
Lisa left the room her daddy, Chuck put one of his adult movies in the vcr and
began to watch it with Debbie, his wife.  He began to get horny watching the
sexual action on the screen, and started to play around with his wife, Debbie.
Although she usually got very turned on by his caresses, tonight she wasn't
feeling very well.  She asked him to stop, and when he continued trying to feel
her up, she got up and went to the kitchen to take some aspirin.  She told him
she didn't feel well and that she was going to bed.
She left him sitting there feeling dejected, but still horny.  As he continued
to watch the movies, he heard Lisa go into the bathroom and start the shower.
He pictured her young body, naked under the jets of water, and he began to
fantasize about seeing it for real.  The combination of the sexy scenes in the
film he was watching and his fantasies about his pretty sixteen year old
daughter got to be to much for him, and when he heard the shower go off, he
peeked into his wife's room to make sure she was asleep, and then quietly
headed for Lisa's room. Lisa had just come out of the bathroom and was sitting
on the bed with her robe hanging open, so her skimpy bikini panties were
visible when her daddy came into her room.  She was just embarrassed at first
as she wrapped the thin robe around her, then she got worried when she saw his
expression as his greedy stare slid over her body.  He slowly approached her,
and sank to the bed beside her.  "You are turning into a beautiful, sexy young
lady and Daddy wants to see how much you've grown Honey." Flattered by her
daddy's words, but a little scared, she sat as still as a frightened deer,
wondering what he was going to do and hoping he would go away.  "Daddy's going
to find out all about that lovely young body of yours, it looks so sexy, warm
and soft." He said, putting his right arm around her shoulders and gently
caressing her breasts through the robe.  Lisa jumped when he squeezed her
breasts with his big hands, and when she felt his fingers twisting her tender
nipples, strange new feelings shot through her body.  At first she just wanted
him to stop, but then he opened her robe and she felt his mouth sucking on her
bare nipples while his tongue circled their tips, and she wasn't as sure
anymore. Lisa's breasts tingled and her nipples hardened into little buds. The
sensations deep in her pussy caused her to squirm and press her thighs
together.  Chuck felt her trembling and squirming and knew she was beginning to
like what he was doing to her breasts. Placing his hand gently on her knee, he
slid it slowly up her  thigh, until he was rubbing her mound through her silky
panties. His caresses increased the sensuous feelings surging through Lisa's
pussy and she could not resist the urge to relax her legs, giving her daddy
more access to the crotch of her panties.  Feeling the resistance to his hand
relax He knew his lovely, young daughter was getting turned on, and he slid his
fingers between her thighs and pressed the silky material of her panties
between her lips, rubbing it over her clitoris until he felt Lisa responding to
the exciting sensations by forcing her pussy deeper into his hand. She felt the
gravy beginning to flow from her pussy causing her lips to slide against each
other and against her clitoris as he continued to caress her.  Chuck felt the
warmth and moisture of her pussy through her tight little panties and his cock
swelled when he saw how much she was enjoying his caresses.  He began to pull
Lisa's panties aside to get to her hot young pussy.  Lisa was getting very
excited. She knew she wanted to feel his hand on her naked pussy. She spread
her thighs wide apart to make it easy for him to get into her panties.
Powerful, sexy feelings surged through her cunt as she felt his fingers
slipping under her panties and caressing her naked, wet pussy. Debbie had
awakened a few minutes earlier, the aspirin having cured her headache.  She had
been having a dream which left her feeling very sexy when she awoke, so she
headed for the living room to see if Chuck was still in the mood.  Not finding
him there, Debbie walked down the hall toward the bathroom until she saw the
light shining out the partially closed door of Lisa's room.  She approached the
door and peeked through the narrow opening just as Chuck was tugging Lisa's
bikinis aside.  Her first impulse was to rush into the room and raise hell with
him for trying to get into their daughter's panties.  As she watched, however,
she saw Lisa's delighted expression, and saw her thighs spread wide apart
encouraging her daddy to play with her pussy.  Debbie could feel the heat
building in her own loins watching his hand slide under Lisa's panties to
caress her naked pussy.  Debbie's hand slid down between her thighs and she
began squeezing  herself through the panties of her short nightgown.  Feeling
her juices begin to flow made her want to watch for a while to see what would
happen. Chuck, of course, didn't know Debbie was watching. He could feel Lisa's
soft pubic hair and the inviting warmth which seemed to be begging for his
touch.  Slipping his finger between the wet lips of her youthful pussy, he
rubbed them gently, spreading her juices around. Lisa was still a little
scared, but her pussy was feeling so good,couldn't help moving it around as he
pressed his finger into When her daddy started tugging on her panties with his
free hand, Lisa raised her hips to let him slide them off.  As she rolled her
body to the side to raise her hips she caught a glimpse of her mother peeking
in the door.  That was really scary until she realized that Mommy was playing
with herself.  Lisa could see Debbie squeezing and rubbing her pussy through
her filmy panties. She knew her mom had been watching Daddy's fingers play with
Lisa's , and it had really excited her. As he removed her panties, Chuck
pressed them to his face and inhaled her exciting aroma.  Watching Daddy
sniffing her bikinis and licking her gravy from the crotch while her mother was
excitedly masturbating herself in the hall aroused Lisa very much. She couldn't
resist the urge to excite them even more.  Shrugging her robe off her shoulders
she let it fall to the bed, completely exposing her nude body, with its smooth
soft skin, and firm breasts, to her parents. She realized that her sexy young
body was exciting them, and she enjoyed displaying herself very much.  "Is this
what you wanted to see, Daddy?  Have I grown much?" "Honey, Daddy loves to
looks at your sexy body. You have grown into a very desirable young woman."  he
replied.  He rubbed the panties over her swollen nipples and then slid them
between her legs, pressing the silky material against her sensitive clitoris
until she was gasping from the sensations he was causing in her pussy. Dropping
her panties, he leaned forward and his tongue darted over her small, hard
nipples while he slid his finger between the swollen lips of her hot, wet young
pussy.  Lisa let out another tiny gasp.  He gently pushed her down on the bed,
with her legs hanging off the side, and pressing his face between her thighs,
began licking her juices directly from her pussy. Lisa started moaning with
pleasure.  His tongue played with her pussy and kept darting between her
slippery lips. Her clitoris hardened like a tiny penis as his tongue attacked
it repeatedly. Lisa loved the thrills that were surging through her body.  She
had never imagined how great it would feel to have daddy eating her pussy while
mommy watched and played with herself. She drew up her legs to spread her hot,
young pussy for their continued enjoyment. Still watching through the narrow
opening, Debbie saw Lisa's thighs spread wide apart as Chuck's tongue slid up
and down her slit. That talented tongue had explored Debbie's pussy many times,
and she knew how it was making Lisa feel.  Hearing Lisa gasping and moaning
from Chuck's attentions increased Debbie's enjoyment.  She gave up all ideas of
raising a fuss, and settled down to taking care of the feelings building deep
in her own pussy.  She slid one hand down the front of her panties and slid her
finger between her hot, juicy cunt lips.  She teased her clit until it got hard
and then plunged the finger deep into her pussy.  The sensuous feelings in her
crotch built rapidly and she could feel her breasts swelling the excitement.
Her other hand slipped under the top of her nightie and began to rub her
sensitive, swollen nipples.  Debbie didn't realize that Lisa kept catching
glimpses of her as she rolled her head from side to side on the bed.  Lisa saw
Mommy wildly fingering herself as she watched Chuck licking her daughter's
pussy. Lisa reached out her leg and rubbed her foot over the obvious bulge in
her daddy's trousers.  His cock shoved back at her probing foot, and she felt
it pulsing in his pants.  She enjoyed teasing him and it heightened her own
excitement.  Turning her head to the side she watched her mom finger-fucking
herself. Lisa saw her hips thrusting forward to force her fingers deeper into
her overheated pussy.  It was very exciting to watch her mom, and Lisa's
enjoyed it tremendously. Her daddy reached back with one hand while still
pressing his tongue deep into her pussy, and released his belt.  His trousers
dropped to the floor and he stepped out of them.  Lisa saw his big prick
straining against the thin material of his jockey shorts. Her pussy throbbed
with desire from the sight.  Caressing it again with her foot, she hooked her
toes over the waistband and drew the shorts down until her daddy's cock sprang
free.  Lisa could see a drop of fluid on the swollen tip. She pressed her
little foot against his naked cock and rolled it against his belly watching
more ooze out and spread over the ruby head. Stepping out of the shorts, Chuck
moved forward, bumping his hard cock against her pussy. He took it in his hand
and started rubbing it between her lips, sending thrills through her cunt.
Lisa's pussy got very hot and her gravy was soaking his the head of his cock.
Spreading her legs wide, she thrust her pelvis toward his hot, slippery prick,
feeling it slide into her vagina.  Moaning loudly now, she wanted to feel her
daddy's cock plunge into her hot little pussy.  Reaching down with her hand,
she grasped his cock tightly, feeling its great heat with her fingers.  She
pulled it into her pussy, rubbing the head between her slippery lips and over
her clit.  "Oh, that feels so good, Daddy." Lisa squealed. Wantonly thrusting
her cunt toward her daddy's big prick, she made it slide deeper into her
throbbing pussy.  It hurt a little as it pushed through her hymen and stretched
her vagina for the first time, but such thrills shot through her  cunt that
even the hurting felt good.  "Oh daddy!" she exclaimed, "I'm a real woman now."
"I love the feeling of your big cock stretching my pussy like that." Daddy was
surprised and excited by her reaction and he began to slide his prick in and
out of Lisa's tight little pussy.  Her cunt was so hot and slick he was able to
shove his cock all the way into her until his groin bumped against her crotch.
Lisa could feel his head throbbing deep inside of her.  She loved the feeling
of her clit rubbing against the base of Daddy's cock.  Thrill after thrill shot
through her crotch.  Lisa's body was quickly building toward a climax, and she
began thrusting her pussy against him rapidly, chanting "Fuck me Daddy, Fuck my
pussy like you do Mommy's!  Shove your big cock deep into my belly." Debbie's
hands clutched her crotch tightly when she heard Lisa's words.  Hearing her
daughter beg for her daddy's cock was driving Debbie wild. She leaned back
against the door frame shoving both hands into her crotch.  Frantically rubbing
her clitoris with one hand, she plunged the fingers of the other deep into her
pussy. Her cunt juices were flowing all over her fingers and even down the
inside of her thighs.  Sliding slowly downward, she sat on the floor and leaned
back against the door frame.  She drew her knees up and spread her thighs wide
so she could drive her fingers deeper in her cunt. Lisa watched her lift one of
her breasts from the top of her nightie and bend to suck the swollen nipple.
She saw Mom plunging two, and then three fingers into her sloppy pussy and
rapidly finger fuck herself.  Lisa fucked her daddy's big cock wildly, loving
the feeling of it filling her pussy and bumping her clitoris. She suddenly let
out a little shriek and had her very first orgasm. She thrashed about as her
juices flowed all over her daddy's swollen cock. Lisa's reactions were beyond
her dad's wildest expectations and excited him tremendously.  He started to
fuck her like a wild man, shoving his prick deep into her hot young pussy and
feeling the muscular walls squeezing his cock tightly.  Lisa also went wild,
shoving her pussy up to meet his cock on every stroke. She used the muscles in
her pussy to squeeze and milk his cock as it slid in and out.  His breath was
coming in short gasps as his excitement reached fever-pitch. He finally drove
deep into her and she felt his prick throb as it shot the hot spurts of his cum
deep into her convulsing pussy.  His cock pulsing hard inside of her triggered
an even bigger orgasm for Lisa. She screamed, her head falling back on the bed,
and she wrapped her legs around his ass, driving him hard against her pussy. At
the same moment, she saw her mom reach a tremendous orgasm fucking her own
fingers.  She saw the shudders running through her mother's body as Debbie
drove her fingers deep into her cunt, clutching at the remnants of the exciting
sensations surging through her pussy.  Lisa then saw her rise slowly and turn
from the doorway as she went back toward her room. When Lisa's orgasm finally
abated she felt completely exhausted. Chuck slid his dripping prick out of her,
bent to place one last kiss on her pussy and let himself out of the room,
without a word. Lisa lay with his come oozing from her pussy, thinking about
what had happened.As she thought about what the future would bring she was sure
of one thing, she loved having her pussy licked and fucked, and she wanted a
lot more of it from now on.  She was glad Mommy had left before Daddy became
aware she had been watching. The knowledge that Mommy watched and let Daddy
fuck her without doing anything except play with her own pussy was sure to be
of use to Lisa before too long.

                   
Chapter Two - Mommy's Darling Daughter

The sound of Daddy's car leaving woke Lisa Saturday morning.  She recalled that
he had mentioned having to work this Saturday.  As she lay thinking about the
excitement of the previous night when her daddy was fucking her while Mommy
watched and played with herself.  Her thoughts began to excite her pussy, and
she could feel her gravy begin to flow.  Her hand drifted down over her flat
tummy and began to idly caress her pussy through her panties.  A few minutes of
playing with her pussy and thinking of how her mother had gone wild from
watching the night before gave Lisa an idea for some more fun. Lisa rose from
the bed and stepped into the hall.  She padded quietly down the hall to her
parent's bedroom and slowly opened the door.  She saw her mother sprawled on
the bed in a transparent black nightie, still sound asleep.  The covers were
thrown back and Lisa could see her mother's pussy through the filmy material of
the bikini bottoms.  Looking at it brought a picture to Lisa's mind of her
mother sitting against the door frame last night wildly frigging herself, and
the thought sent hot feelings through her own pussy.  Debbie's breasts and
nipples were also visible through the skimpy nylon nightie.  Lisa walked
quietly to the bed squeezing her pussy through her panties and wondering if she
could make her mother hot without waking her. Kneeling beside the bed she
carefully placed her hand between her mother's thighs and rested her fingers
lightly against the crotch of her mother's panties.  She slid her fingers
slowly up and down over the silky material, rubbing Debbie's pussy through the
panties.  Lisa knew it was beginning to work when she felt the lips of her
mother's pussy starting to swell under the thin nylon of the panties. Debbie's
hips began to move, rubbing her pussy against Lisa's fingers.  Lisa's fingers
playing with her pussy were making Debbie have a sexy dream.  Lisa felt the
crotch of the panties getting damp as her mother's juices began to ooze from
her cunt. Her mother started moaning softly in her sleep.  Lisa discovered that
her mother had shaved all the hair from her pussy except for a heart-shaped
patch her mound of venus.  It made her pussy look very sexy, and was probably
done for her husband, but it was very exciting to her daughter. Wanting a
better look at Mommy's hairless pussy, Lisa gently slid the panties to one side
and ran her fingers over the naked, puffy lips.  Debbie's soft moaning and her
own rising excitement made Lisa more daring, and she slipped her finger between
the juicy lips of her mother's pussy.  Debbie's dreamy movements made it easy
for Lisa's to slide her finger deeper and deeper into the slippery cunt.  When
her knuckles bumped against the clitoris, her mother's pussy jumped against her
hand. Rapid little quivers started going through Debbie's body as she moved her
pussy against Lisa's hand.  Suddenly she woke and raised her head.  When she
saw Lisa's fingers pressed into her pussy she exclaimed, "Lisa, what are you
doing to me?"  "Stop doing that right now!"  She tried to close her legs to get
away from the exciting fingers, but Lisa had other ideas.  Pressing her fingers
firmly into her mother's pussy, Lisa looked into her eyes and said "I saw you
watching Daddy play with me last night, Mother.  You got very excited when he
was licking my pussy.  I saw you cum all over your hands when he was fucking
me." Shocked by Lisa's words, Debbie head dropped back on the pillow. She
buried her face in her hands as she realized all that Lisa had seen her doing
last night.  It was as if she was seeing it all again in vivid flashes of
memory.  As Debbie remembered the things she had seen and had done the evening
before, she recalled the feelings that had surged through her body.  Now Lisa's
hand was causing the same exciting, hot feelings deep in her pussy. She could
feel her breasts and nipples swelling again as the hot blood pumped through
them. Her mother's nipples poked against the sheer fabric of her nightie, and
Lisa could see them plainly.  Her mother's pussy was getting hot and juicy
around Lisa's fingers.  She knew she had Mommy right where she wanted her.  She
began to slide her fingers in and out of her pussy, and she twisted her wrist
to make her knuckles rub over Mommy's swelling clit to stimulate that tiny
bundle of nerve endings.  Her mother's movements made it obvious that Lisa was
exciting her very much. Debbie tried desperately to get her feelings under
control, but her body was betraying her.  The sensations that raced through her
as her daughter's fingers invaded her pussy caused her hips to roll
involuntarily.  Her cunt was doing her thinking for her, and it was pumping
against Lisa's hand. Her hands slid from her face to cup her breasts.  The
fingers squeezed and rolled her nipples passionately.  Debbie knew she was
losing the battle with her treacherous body. Lisa suddenly removed her fingers
from her mother's pussy, and leaned forward to run her tongue into it, sliding
it up and over her mother's clit.  Her mother moaned loudly, giving up the
fight, and letting her pussy have its way.  Wrapping her long, lovely legs
around Lisa's shoulders Debbie drew her face closer, pulling it against her
pussy.  Lisa's long tongue slid deep into her mother's cunt. Then it flicked
teasingly over her clitoris. Debbie was gasping for breath.  Humping her pussy
against her daughter's face, and moaning loudly, she came in a rush of
delightful feelings. Looking down, Debbie saw that Lisa had her hand between
her own thighs rubbing her pussy frantically through her panties.  Debbie
enjoyed the way Lisa made her cum so much that she wanted to make her daughter
cum too.  Her legs still held Lisa's face trapped against her throbbing wet
pussy.  Spreading her thighs, she released her, saying "Your a little tease,
Lisa, and you really made me cum hard. I really enjoyed it, Honey, but now I
want to make you enjoy it too, and these panties are in the way." Debbie swung
her legs to the floor and rose from the bed, sliding her panties off and
dropping them to the floor.  She sat down on the edge of the bed, exposing her
shaved pussy to her daughter. Pulling Lisa to her feet, she fingered the
soaking crotch of her  panties for a moment, and then raised her fingers to her
mouth. Debbie sucked the juices from her fingers, thrilled by the idea of
tasting her daughter's pussy.  Sliding Lisa's panties to the floors, Debbie
pulled her close and mouthed her firm, young breasts sucking first one, and
then the other nipple into her mouth.  Her knee slid between her daughter's
thighs and pressed against her pussy. Lisa let her knees bend and mashed her
hot, slippery cunt lips against her mother's knee, feeling it get slippery from
her gravy.  She rubbed her pussy back and forth on Mommy's knee until her knees
trembled from the exciting sensations surging through her cunt.  Straightening
up, she pulled the top of her mothers's nightie over her head and cast it
aside.  Taking her mother's turgid breasts in her hands, Lisa sucked on the
nipples, one after the other. Swinging her legs back onto the bed, Debbie
pulled Lisa with her, spreading her legs wide so her daughter was between her
thighs. She drew Lisa up until they were face to face.  Lisa's pussy and
breasts were pressing tightly against her own.  Pulling her head down, Debbie
kissed her full on the mouth, sliding her tongue against Lisa's.  She felt her
daughter respond to the sexy kiss by grinding her pussy against her mom's until
their clits rubbed like two tiny cocks.  Shocking tremors of passion surged
through their bodies. Rolling  Lisa to the side, Debbie flipped over on the bed
until her head rested on Lisa's thigh.  Her daughter's juicy young pussy
excited her very much. Grasping the cheeks of Lisa's ass she pulled her closer
until her open mouth pressed against her pussy.  Her tongue darted between the
slippery lips and tasted Lisa's honey.  Excited by the feeling of her mother's
tongue in her pussy, Lisa pulled her mother's cunt to her own mouth.  Her nose
pressed into the neatly trimmed patch of blonde hair on Debbie's mound as her
tongue licked all over the naked lips and up the slit between them.
 They were moaning in delight over the feelings they were causing in each
other's pussies. Debbie remembered how much she enjoyed having Chuck play with
her ass while he was fucking her.  She slid her hand between Lisa's thighs from
behind and dipped her finger into her juicy cunt to get it slippery.  Then she
moved it back and rubbed the juices over the rim of Lisa's ass.  Debbie
repeated the action several times, transferring Lisa's juices from her pussy
until it was well lubricated. Lisa quivered each time Debbie ran her finger
around her ass. She was almost overcome by the rush of exciting new feelings
when her mother slid her long slender finger deep into her rectum. Lisa pressed
her pussy against her mothers face, greatly stimulated by the finger sliding in
and out of her rear while Debbie's tongue slid in and out of her cunt.  In her
rising excitement, Lisa forgot about her mother's pussy until Debbie raised her
head and pleaded "Do me too, Honey.  Lick my pussy and play with my butt." Lisa
dipped her fingers into her mother's pussy until it they were wet with Debbie's
juices.  She swirled them around her mother's ass until it was slippery, and
then plunged one in all the way in up to her knuckles. Her mother moaned with
pleasure and thrust her pussy against Lisa's face as she drove her own tongue
deep into Lisa's cunt.
 The dual action of tongues and fingers fucking into their bodies
simultaneously drove them both to new heights of delight.  With hips thrusting
shamelessly, tongues and fingers sliding deep into pussies and asses, and noses
rubbing clits, they fucked each other's faces wildly until they both came at
once, moaning and gasping for breath. "Oh Honey, that was wonderful" Debbie
purred.  "What a marvelous way to wake up in the morning."  "I loved it too,
Mommy" Lisa replied.  "I woke up thinking about watching you play with your
pussy in the hall last night, and it made me so hot I had to come to your
room."  "When I saw you sprawled on the bed with your pussy showing through
that sexy nightie, I couldn't resist playing with it." Debbie would have liked
to linger with Lisa, but she had an appointment with her hairdresser in a short
while, so she had to rise and started dressing.  Lisa lay idly fingering her
pussy and watching while her mother slipped into a pair of filmy black bikini
panties and stuffed her full breasts into a matching black bra.  She watched
her pull on dark stockings, fastening them with a lacy garter belt she wrapped
around her hips.
 Debbie was aware Lisa was fondling herself while she watched her dress, and it
made her juices start to flow in her fresh panties. She wished she had more
time to stay and play.  She felt the lips of her pussy rubbing together between
her thighs as she walked to her dressing table to apply her makeup.  It was
obvious to Lisa that Mommy was still excited from the way she was rubbing her
pussy against the chair.  Lisa kissed her mother's neck, forcing her forward so
her pussy pressed hard against the corner of the chair making her squirm in her
seat.  Lisa turned and went down the hall to her own room, knowing it wouldn't
be long until the played together again.
Chapter Three - Very Close Friends

Lisa's pussy hadn't stopped tingling from her mother's touches as she started
to dress.  She stepped into a pair of her panties and was surprised how good it
felt when she pulled them up tight against her crotch.  Since last night, it
seemed that every thing she did made her feel sexy.  "My pussy's still not
satisfied." Lisa thought as she rubbed her cunt through the silky material of
her panties.  "It loves all the attention it has been getting, and it wants to
be played with all the time." Slipping on a T-shirt and a short skirt, she
studied her image in the mirror. Her nipples were still excited and they showed
plainly through the shirt.  "I even look sexier now." thought Lisa.  She
decided to go next door to Cindy's house.  Cindy's mom and dad were out of
town, and her brother Billy was spending a couple of days at his friend Tim's
house.  Lisa got excited thinking about telling Cindy some of the things that
had happened since she saw her yesterday.  She knew it would excite Cindy to
hear about them too. Cindy was happy to see Lisa because she was bored from
being home alone.  She hadn't dressed yet, so she was still in the t-shirt and
panties she had slept in.  Cindy was a well-built young girl with long, shapely
legs merging into her tight round ass.  Her high, firm breasts needed no bra to
support them.
 Remembering how her mother's tongue felt in her pussy this morning caused Lisa
to look at her friend from a different viewpoint.  She caught herself staring
at Cindy's breasts and at the juncture of her thighs where her panty covered
pussy peeped from beneath the shirt.  "Oh Cindy," she breathed  "I have so much
to tell you about.  A lot has happened to me since I saw you last."
 "Tell me all about it." Cindy replied.  "Let's go to my room so I can dress
while I'm listening."  She led the way up the stairs, and Lisa followed, eying
Cindy's firm little butt swaying back and forth in her pink panties.  She let
Cindy get a little ahead so she could see her nylon covered pussy between her
legs as they climbed the stairs.  The hot feelings in her own pussy as she felt
the lips rubbing together while she climbed the stairs made her want to get
Cindy hot too.
 Flopping on Cindy's bed, she started describing how her daddy had come into
her room last night and played with her body. Cindy had pulled her t-shirt off
over her head, uncovering her firm round breasts.  Her eyes widened and her
mouth dropped open as she listened to Lisa's words.  She dropped the shirt to
the floor and sprawled in a chair beside the bed, listening intently.  As Lisa
continued her story of how her daddy had fondled her breasts and pussy, Cindy
felt warm tremors in her crotch and began to squirm in the chair.  Cindy
imagined the feelings that Lisa's father must have caused as he played with
Lisa's body, and it was beginning to excite her own pussy very much.  When Lisa
told how good it felt when her dad slipped his fingers under her panties, Cindy
could feel her breasts swelling and her nipples tightening. Lisa described the
irresistible desire that surged through her body as she felt her father's
fingers spreading her gravy all over her pussy.  Cindy pussy was tingling, and
she began to squeeze her thighs together to heighten the sensations.
 "Daddy never tried anything like that with me," Cindy said "but my brother,
Billy, is always trying to peek at me when I am undressed."  "Once he even took
a picture of me as I got out of the shower."  "He pretended there was no film
in the camera, but I peeked in his room a few times and saw him looking at the
picture while he plays with himself."
 Lisa told Cindy about spotting her mother playing with her own pussy in the
hall while she watched daddy slip Lisa's panties off and put his tongue deep
into her pussy.  She went into detail describing the feelings his tongue caused
as it licked her clit and darted into her slippery pussy.  Cindy's excitement
rose until it was almost more than she could bear.  Swinging her legs apart,
she gave in to the hot feelings in her throbbing cunt and dropped her hand
between her thighs exclaiming "I just have to rub my pussy a little. Your story
is getting me so hot I can't sit still."  Cindy spread her fingers over the
crotch of her panties and began squeezing her cunt through the silky material.
 Lisa was getting pretty aroused too.  Retelling last night's events, and
watching Cindy's excited behavior was making Lisa's pussy throb too.  She rose
from the bed and said "Watching you play with your pussy is making me hot too."
"I'm going to get out of these clothes."  Lisa slipped off her blouse and
skirt, exposing her naked breasts and tiny panties to her friends eyes. Cindy
was enjoying the erotic feelings her hand was sending through her pussy, and
she watched closely as Lisa removed her clothing.  Lisa sat on the bed and
raised her foot to remove her shoe, giving Cindy a full view of her crotch.
Cindy's eyes locked on the panties where they stretched tightly over Lisa's
pussy lips.  She could see a small wet spot appearing where the mouth of Lisa's
pussy met the silky material, and she knew Lisa was getting hot too.
 Lisa knew Cindy was staring at her crotch and when she finished removing her
shoes she deliberately slid forward to the edge of the bed, spreading her
thighs as she moved.  Cindy watched the panties pulling into her friend's
crotch until they slipped between the lips of her pussy.  Lisa saw Cindy's eyes
widen and her hips begin to thrust her pussy against her hand as she squeezed
it harder in her excitement.  "Want to hear more, Cindy?" Lisa teased, "Am I
making your little pussy too hot?" Replying quickly, Cindy moaned "Oh Lisa,
tell me more about how your pussy felt.  Thinking about the things you're
describing is driving me wild with sexy new feelings."
 Lisa went on with her story, telling Cindy how her pussy felt and how she
started wanting to feel her daddy's swollen cock in her pussy.  She told how
she had fondled his cock and pulled off his shorts with her foot.  She panted a
little herself as she told how he teased her pussy with his throbbing cock
until she grabbed it in her hand and pushing it into her virgin cunt. She  told
how wildly she had returned his fucking, driving her pussy over his big hot
tool.
 Cindy was openly staring at Lisa's swollen pussy lips protruding on each side
of the panty crotch. She was visualizing that big cock sliding between those
puffy lips.  Cindy started squeezing her breasts and teasing the nipples with
her finger tips as her other hand continued to stimulate her pussy. Lisa
watched as Cindy's fingers drove deeper and deeper in her crotch until she had
most of the crotch of her pink panties shoved into her slit.  Cindy's pussy
lips were swollen and sticking out on both sides of the soaked, silky material.
"You're doing just like Mommy did in the hall while she watched Daddy fuck me."
She told Cindy.  "Watching Mommy's hands clutching her pussy got me very
excited last night, and watching you is having the same effect."
 The tightly stretched material of Lisa's panties was pressing against her
clitoris making it tingle and swell even more.  She began sliding her butt
forward and back on the bed to make the panties rub her button as she continued
talking.  She told Cindy how they all climaxed at the same time, and how her
mother had slipped back to her room before Daddy noticed her there.  She even
told Cindy how he had kissed her pussy before he left.
 Cindy was slumped down in her chair frantically playing with her pussy, and
her eyes were almost glazed from staring at Lisa's pussy.  She could see the
panties rubbing between her lips and against Lisa's swollen clit.  She could
imagine the feelings that must have surged through Lisa's mother's cunt when
she watched her husband's cock plunging into her daughter's excited pussy.
 Lisa knew she had excited Cindy to the point where she could do anything she
wanted to her.  She rose from the bed and walked slowly toward Cindy, enjoying
the sensations she felt when her pussy lips slid back and forth over the slick
panty material that was pulled into her slit.  Reaching Cindy, she bent and
placed her hand over Cindy's.  She drove Cindy's fingers deeper into her
crotch.  She smeared Cindy's juices all over her pussy, then raised her own
hand to her mouth and licked Cindy's juices from her fingers.
 Cindy lay helpless in the chair, thrusting her pussy hard against her fingers.
Thrills shot through her excited young body as she watched Lisa licking the
juices from her fingers.  She felt Lisa take her hands and tug her to her feet,
placing her arms around Lisa's waist.  Lisa's arms encircled her waist and, her
hands grasped her butt pulling her close until their breasts, bellies and
thighs were pressed tightly together. Lisa forced her leg between Cindy's
thighs and against her mound.ZCindy sagged so her pussy was rubbing on Lisa's
thigh.  It felt so good she almost collapsed to the floor, but Lisa supported
her and she heard Lisa's voice in her ear saying "If you want to hear what
happened this morning in my mom's room you will have to do me a favor."
"Anything you want, Lisa." Cindy gasped.  "Looking at your pussy and listening
to you talk has got my pussy so hot I can hardly stand it.  I know how your
mother must have felt last night watching you with your daddy.  I almost wish
Billy were here to look at my pussy right now.  I'd even let him play with it."
Pleased and excited by Cindy's response, Lisa stepped back and removed her
panties.  She also slid Cindy's panties off.  She took Cindy's arm and guided
her down to the floor stretching her out on the carpet.  Cindy's legs were
spread apart and Lisa got a full view of her slippery, excited pussy.  The lips
were so swollen they held her pussy open like a pink rose.  Lisa stepped forward
straddling her waist and lowered herself until her knees were on either side of
Cindy's body and her pussy was close to her face. Lisa began to tell Cindy how
she had slipped into her parents' room and seen her mother's shaved pussy
through the transparent panties of her nightie.  As she described how she had
started caressing it while her mother slept, and how the lips swelled under her
fingers, she reached back and started running her fingers over Cindy's pussy.
Lisa told Cindy how her mother's pussy moved against her hand, making her get
excited and recklessly slip her finger into her sleeping mother's cunt. Lisa's
pussy was so close to her face, Cindy could study it in great detail as Lisa
talked.  The outer lips were adorned with alight covering of fine reddish hair.
She ran her fingers lightly over them and watched them swell until they were
puffy looking. Gradually they spread open all by themselves, and Cindy could
see the inner lips and the entrance to Lisa's vagina.  She slipped her finger
between the lips and rubbed it around as Lisa told how she had overcome her
mother's initial resistance when she woke and found Lisa playing with her
pussy.  Cindy could see Lisa's clitoris near the top of her slit, and she
gently rubbed it with the tip of her finger.  "Oh Cindy, that feels so good,"
Lisa sighed.  "but now I want you to do it with your tongue."
 Cindy hesitated momentarily, but then she felt Lisa's finger slipping deeper
into her pussy.  It felt so good as it slid in and out, she started licking
Lisa's pussy.  She started rubbing Lisa's love button with the tip of her
tongue.  Drawing  her legs up, Cindy spread her thighs, and pumped her pussy
against Lisa's hand.  Raising her head, she drove her tongue deep into Lisa's
cunt.  Lisa reacted immediately.  She stopped in the middle of telling how she
had tongued her mother's slit and slid forward mashing her pussy against
Cindy's mouth and humped against her face.  She squeezed Cindy's pussy tightly
with her hand and drove her finger deeper between the juicy lips. Lisa's finger
was sending waves of ecstasy through Cindy, and her pussy was humping
frantically against Lisa's hand.  She grabbed Lisa's hips in her hands to draw
her close and began rapidly fucking Lisa's pussy with her tongue.  She thrust
her tongue into Lisa's cunt, and then spread it flat on her pussy and licked
the lips from bottom to top, rubbing her taste buds over Lisa's swollen clit.
They were both so engrossed in the extreme pleasure they were feeling they
didn't realize that Billy had come home and was peeking around the door.
 Billy had planned to stay at Tim's longer, but Shelly, Tim's girlfriend, had
showed up and wanted to go to the movies alone with Tim.  Billy packed up and
came home.  When he entered the house he threw down his bag and sneaked up the
stairs thinking Cindy might still be sprawled on her bed asleep.  He was hoping
to get another peek at his older sister's sexy body. Billy had just turned 15,
and still hadn't had much luck with the girls.   Most of the ones he knew were
interested in the older guys that had cars.  As he approached Cindy's room he
heard noises and noticed the door was ajar, so he stepped very softly. He could
hardly believe his eyes when he peered  are fully around the door. He was
looking directly at his sister's cunt.  She was lying naked on the floor near
the door with her legs drawn up and her knees spread out.  He had never seen a
pussy wide open like that before, and it really excited him.  Cindy's pretty
friend, Lisa, was also naked and was straddling his sister's breasts with her
back toward Billy.  Neither girl could see him.  Lisa's had her hand on Cindy's
crotch and he could see the finger plunging into his sister's juicy, open pussy.
Cindy was making fucking motions with her hips to drive the finger deeper.  He
knew Lisa's pussy must be right in his sister's face and from the motions he
was sure Cindy was fucking Lisa's pussy with her tongue.
 Even in his dreams, Billy had never imagined seeing his sister like this, and
it made his cock throb wildly in his jeans.  Lisa was pushing her pussy against
his sister's mouth, her red hair swaying as she moved.  He could hear the girls
moaning as they stimulated each other's pussies.  Billy grabbed at his
throbbing cock through his pants and squeezed it hard. Billy had masturbated
many times after only catching glimpses of Cindy's panties or breasts.  Now her
naked pussy was spread wide only a few feet from him, and he could see every
detail as Lisa's fingers slid in and out all slippery with his sister's gravy.
He wanted to pull out his cock and jerk off right there, but he was afraid of
getting caught.  He decided to watch a few more seconds and then go to his room
to play with himself. The girls were both oblivious to anything but the
wonderful sexual feelings building in their pussies, so they were still unaware
of Billy's watchful eyes.  Cindy planted her feet solidly on the floor and used
her hips to rapidly shove her pussy against those wonderful fucking fingers of
Lisa's hand, driving them deeper into her drooling cunt.  Her actions drove the
base of Lisa's thumb between her lips so that it pressed directly on her clit
and slid rapidly back and forth over the little bud.  Her head rolled to the
side and she gasped "My pussy's going to cum all over your fingers, Lisa. Rub
me hard."
 In that same instant she caught sight of Billy watching them with a dreamy
look on his face as he squeezed the cock that was bulging in his jeans.  In her
excited condition it thrilled her tremendously to feel her brother's eyes on
her pussy.  As she saw him turning to go to his room, she squealed "Fuck my
pussy, Lisa, fuck it hard with your fingers."
 Her mouth went back to Lisa's pussy, and she pulled it against her face until
her nose was rubbing against Lisa's clitoris while her tongue was buried deeply
in Lisa's cunt.  She swirled her tongue around Lisa's cunt sucking her juices
into her mouth. of Billy hand stroking his cock in his room floated through her
mind and excited her even more.
 Cindy's renewed vigor pushed Lisa to the very edge of an orgasm that was
building deep in her pelvis.  Her Hips began to vibrate rapidly causing her
super-sensitive clit to rub over Cindy's nose sending shock waves of intense
feelings shooting through her pussy.  Cindy's felt Lisa's fingers plunging in
and out of her cunt stretching it wide.  Lisa's thumb was rubbing and pinching
Cindy's button, making her hump wildly against it as she approached her climax.
Both girls orgasmed simultaneously, bucking their cunts against each other and
squealing in ecstasy. When their spasms subsided, and they were lying on the
floor home, and he was in the hall rubbing his cock and watching us do each
other.  I think he has gone to his room to play with his cock."

"Do you think he might tell?" Lisa asked.  "If I go to his room and catch him
beating off, he won't dare to squeal." She said as she rose and headed for the
hall.
 In his haste to get to his room and jack off, Billy had swung his door closed,
but didn't think to lock it.  He had hurriedly pulled off his clothes and
dropped to the bed stroking his hard, throbbing cock while picturing his
sister's eating Lisa's pussy and Lisa's finger pumping in Cindy's cunt.  His
cock seemed bigger and harder than he had ever seen it before.  The swollen
head was ruby red in its excited state.  He wet his fingers with saliva and
rubbed them over the head.  He twitched from the sensations his fingers caused
as he rubbed the underside of the head. Visions of fingers and tongues plunging
into juicy young pussies ran through his mind, and he began to make short fast
strokes with his hand wrapped around his sensitive cock.  Just as he felt his
balls tightening in preparation for shooting his semen into the air, the door
swung wide and Lisa stepped into the room.  His hand stopped in mid-stroke, and
he lay there clutching his prick and feeling very embarrassed.Lisa stood there
for a minute, gloriously naked, enjoying the sight of his hand on his swollen
cock.  Her red hair fell with a light curl to near her shoulders.  Her firm
breasts jutted forward, and the rosy little nipples were still swollen.  Her
left hand played with a curl in her hair for a moment and then fell toward her
crotch.  Her fingers toyed with the light red curls on her mound and the fine
red hairs covering her puffy pussy lips.  Her pussy was still wet from her
juices and   Cindy's mouth. Billy was stunned by her sudden appearance and
before he could recover she walked over to him swinging her hips sexily, and
sat on the bed.  She reached out and took Billy's dick in her hand squeezing it
slightly.  It began to swell even bigger and harder. She smiled at him as she
felt his cock throb in her hand. "This is going to be fun," Lisa thought as a
better idea of how to keep Billy from telling came to mind.
 "Have you been spying on us, Billy?"  Lisa asked teasingly.  "Did you get hot
seeing your sister lick my pussy while I finger fucked her?  Did your cock
throb when you squeezed it the way it is throbbing when I do?" Billy had never
been this close to a naked girl, and his cock had never been fondled by a girl
before.  He couldn't find his voice, so he just smiled sheepishly at Lisa and
vigorously nodded his head.  Lisa gave him a wonderful sexy smile and began to
slowly stroke his hard on.  She lifted Billy's balls in her hand and lightly
squeezed them.  She took his hand and placed it on her breasts to let him feel
them.  Her nipple was poking into his palm so Billy gently rubbed and twisted
it.  She seemed to like that, and she lay back with her head toward his feet,
still grasping his cock in her warm hand.
 Lisa swung her legs up to the bed rolling on to her side facing Billy.  She
raised her upper leg, opening her crotch to him.  She slid his hand from her
breasts slowly down over her belly to her juicy, young cunt.  Her hand guided
his fingers over her pussy and into her slippery slit.  Billy began sliding his
fingers in and out of her pussy.  Her juices quickly lubricated his fingers
making it easier to shove them deeper into her cunt.  She switched hands and
stroked his cock faster and faster as she felt his finger fucking her hot
little pussy.  It was too much for him and he exploded shooting his cum all
over his belly and on Lisa's breasts.
 Billy heard a gasping sound, and looking toward the door, he saw Cindy
standing there clutching her breasts.  She had on her a pair of her skimpiest
panties, but was otherwise naked.  For a moment they were silent as they stared
at each other.  Then Cindy walked over to the bed and stood looking down at
Lisa and Billy. His fingers were still in Lisa's pussy and she was gently
rocking against them.
 Cindy could see the droplets of semen on Lisa's breasts and on his belly.
Still not saying anything she knelt beside the bed, pulled his hand from Lisa's
cunt and sucked the juices from her brother's fingers, one by one.  She then
moved down and licked Billy's cum from Lisa's breasts paying particular
attention to the rising nipples.  Billy felt wonderful sensations in his prick,
and looking down saw Lisa licking the cum from the head of his cock, much as
Cindy was doing to her breasts. Billy's excitement increased when Lisa slipped
her mouth over the head and began to suck it into her throat.
 Rising from her knees, Cindy drew her brother's hand to her pantied crotch and
began to rub his fingers over her pussy while taunting, "Billy, you're always
trying to peek up my skirt or at my titties and pussy.  Isn't feeling of my
pussy even better?  Is this what you have been wanting to do all this time?"
 Billy happily nodded his head as she continued pressing his fingers into her
crotch.  He could feel her panties getting warm and wet, and he loved the silky
feel of them sliding over her pussy.  He could still feel Lisa's mouth sucking
on his cock.
 Wanting to excite her brother even more, Cindy started humming a sexy tune,
and bending her knees slightly, she began to bump and grind at him like a
stripper while mashing his hand tightly against her cunt.  Enjoying Cindy's
pretense Billy started chanting "Take it off, Sis, take it all off.  Show me
your hot little pussy."
 Cindy dropped his hand and stepped back a bit.  Spreading her legs apart for a
better stance she swung her hips and threw her pussy at him like a pro.  Billy
had a great view of her silky crotch.  She slid her panties down one hip and
then the other, teasing, but not revealing too much.
 Lisa had stopped sucking Billy's cock to watch Cindy, but she kept up a slow
stroking action with her hand.  She soon realized Cindy was stimulating herself
as much as she was exciting her brother with her teasing dance.  Her pussy lips
were so swollen they stuck out and her panties stretched like a pouch over
them. When she thrust her hips toward Billy, and Lisa could see the wetness in
her crotch from her flowing juices.
 Cindy hands ran down her legs and back up the inside of her thighs caressing
her pussy as they reached it, before moving on to her breasts.  She squeezed a
breast in each hand so the swollen nipples jutted out at her brother.  Her
efforts to tease her brother were making her hotter than ever.  In her
excitement, she was doing things for Billy that she had never dreamed of doing
in front of anyone.  The more she did to tease her brother, the wilder she got
because she was exciting herself as much or more than she was exciting him.
 Feeling Lisa's and her brothers eyes following her sexy actions made her pussy
throb and she felt her gravy flowing between the lips.  She swung around with
her back to them, and raised to her toes to emphasize her sexy legs.  Bending
way over, she tugged her panties up into her crack, and wiggled her ass at
Billy so he could see the panties slip between her pussy lips.  She then slid
her panties down her legs and off her feet.  Still shaking her ass at them, she
lifted the panties to her crotch and stuffed them into her pussy, sopping up
her juices.
 Lisa and Billy had a great rear view of Cindy's excited pussy. They were
fascinated as she spread her legs wide and pushed the panties into her pussy.
They watched her rubbing the panties over her pussy.  She then pulled them out,
and turned to drop them over Billy's face, saying "Smell your sister's pussy,
Billy. Suck my gravy from my panties."  Billy excitedly pulled the panties to
his mouth and licked the juicy crotch panel.
 Watching him closely, Cindy slowly slid her hands up the inside of her sexy
thighs toward her crotch.  Lisa felt Billy's cock jump in her hand when he saw
his sister's hands reach her pussy and saw her lean back spreading the lips
wide with her fingers, saying "Here it is for you, Billy.  You have been trying
to peek at my pussy for a long time. Now that I'm hot enough to enjoy showing
it to you, how do you like it?"
 Billy quickly replied "It excites me very much having you show your pussy to
me, Sis, and I hope you will let me see it more often from now on.  I also hope
you will let me do more than just look.  Your pussy looks like it wants me to
do more than just look at it."  He realized how exciting it was to Cindy to be
exhibiting her pussy for him.  Her juices were flowing over her fingers as she
held her cunt open for his excited gaze.
 Billy's took Cindy's hand and pulled her to the bed.  she climbed over him and
Lisa to lay with her pussy near his head.  As he turned his head to look at her
pussy, she pulled his head down between her spread thighs and said "I want you
to do a lot more than just look, Billy,  I want you to eat my pussy like I was
doing for Lisa when you were peeking at us."
 Billy kissed her pussy and ran his tongue all over her lips, enjoying the
slightly salty taste and musky smell of her pussy. He suddenly felt two tongues
licking his cock as Cindy and Lisa embraced over it.  He slid his hand between
Lisa's thighs and began finger fucking her as he tongued his sister's cunt.
 Cindy shuddered as she felt her brother's tongue probing deep in her pussy,
and she began bucking against his mouth.  His chin was rubbing her clitoris and
driving her crazy.  She never knew she could get so hot just thinking about
having her own brother's tongue in her pussy.  Cindy could feel Billy exploring
it thoroughly with his tongue, and her excitement surged when she realized that
her brother was the first boy to get into her panties.
 Cindy watched Lisa slip her mouth over the swollen ruby head of Billy's cock,
and start sucking it harder as his fingers plunged into her pussy.  She saw him
raising his loins to drive his cock deeper into Lisa's throat.  She thought
Lisa would gag, but saw her head tilt to let it slide into her throat.  Amazed,
Cindy watched Billy fucking Lisa's throat as though it were a tight pussy.
Cindy imagined how brother's cock would feel if it were sliding into her pussy
the way it was doing in Lisa's throat.
 Billy suddenly moaned deep in Cindy's pussy and shot his come into Lisa's
mouth.  Lisa tried to swallow it, but some dribbled down her lips.  Cindy
leaned over and licked the come from Lisa's lips, and also helped her lick off
the come that had run down Billy's cock.  Cindy's tongue met and licked over
Lisa's, and she kissed her, running her tongue in where her brother's cock had
just been.
 Billy was still breathing hard, and his head lay on his sister's thigh.  He
occasionally flicked his tongue over her swollen clit as he regained his
breath.  He watched the girls licking his cock and then pressing their lips
together in a passionate kiss.  Lisa was still stroking his cock to keep it
hard, and he heard her whisper to Cindy "I want to fuck him."  He heard his
sister reply quickly, "He's my brother, and we're the virgins here.  I think my
pussy should be the first to feel my brother's cock." Cindy's own words
surprised and excited her.  Watching his cock sliding into Lisa's throat had
made her imagine how it would feel pumping into her cunt.  She wanted very much
to fuck her brother and feel his cock stretching her pussy as it did Lisa's
throat.Rising to her knees she straddled Billy's hips.  Lisa's hand guided his
cock to her pussy, rubbing it against her love button. Lisa got excited
watching Cindy's juices oozing over her brother's cock, and she rubbed it
between the lips until it was well lubricated.  Holding his cock at the entrance
to Cindy's cunt, Lisa pressed Cindy's hips down until the head of Billy's cock
slipped into his sister's virgin channel.  Lisa could almost feel it in her own
pussy as she watched it slide in.  Cindy felt Billy's cock stretching her pussy
as it slipped in and bumped into her hymen.  She started rising and lowering her
hips over him, thinking of the way Billy had plunged his cock into
Lisa's throat.  She wanted to feel it slide deep in her pussy, but was afraid it
would hurt when it tore through her hymen.  Billy waited until she started down
over the head, then thrust his cock up at his sister's pussy.
 She felt his cock tear through and plunge deep into her belly. The pain was
only momentary and the wonderful feeling of his cock stretching her pussy the
same way it had stretched Lisa's throat made her forget the hurt.  Her
brother's cock fucking deep in her pussy felt even better than she had
imagined.  The feelings deep in her pussy were new and wonderful.  She
understood why Lisa had enjoyed her Dad's cock so much.  Placing her hands on
Billy's hips she began making long slow strokes up and down his prick reveling
in the feeling it caused as the swollen head slipped over the ridges in her
vagina.  Bottoming out mashed her clitoris against his hairy pubic bone and
sent more tremors through her pussy.  Cindy rotated her hips to increase the
feelings surging through her clit.
 Just knowing he was the first boy to have his cock in Cindy's pussy was enough
to cause Billy great excitement.  The fact that she was on top fucking him, and
the feelings in the head of his cock as the tight folds of her vagina slipped
over it left him breathless with pleasure.  He was content to lie there and let
his sister fuck him into oblivion.
 Lisa was fingering her own pussy as she watched them.  Her fingers and her
pussy were flooded with her juices.  Billy watched as she reached up and spread
her juices over Cindy's nipples until they were all slippery.  He watched as
Lisa rubbed, twisted and pulled on Cindy's nipples making them swell even more.
He knew Cindy was enjoying the added stimulation because she was fucking his
cock harder than before, slamming her pussy against him.
 Lisa's hand dropped to Cindy's pussy and her fingers slipped into the slit to
find her love button.  She caught Cindy's clit between her slippery finger tips
and begin to roll and squeeze it.  She felt Cindy hips jerking trying to get
away from the intense new sensation, but Lisa's fingers followed her pussy as
it slid up and down Billy's cock, driving her wild. Cindy dropped her hips so
her brother's cock was buried deep in her cunt and began to fuck it with wild
abandon.  She felt the muscles deep in her pussy spasm as Lisa rolled her
clitoris between her fingertips. Billy felt Cindy's pussy squeezing and milking
his cock.  He never knew girls had muscles like that in their pussies.
The pulsating muscles made the pussy tighter and caused the vaginal folds to snap
over the head of his cock sending thrilling sensations through his balls.  He
could no longer lay still, and he started throwing his hips up driving his
pelvis against his sister's pussy, matching her stroke for stroke, until she
squealed "I'm cumming, I'm cumming, Billy. Fuck me, fuck my pussy hard.

Shove your big cock deep into my belly."Cindy fell forward on Billy's chest,
hugging her brother tightly as she felt the hot spurts of his cum start, and she
orgasmed with her pussy still clutching his cock in its tight grip, trying to
squeeze him dry.  Billy felt his semen shooting deep into his sister's muscular
cunt as he lay quivering under her sexy body.Lisa was wild with excitement from
watching them fuck.  Her pussy was flowing and her juices trickled over her ass
and onto the bed covers.  She rolled Cindy off of Billy and licked her juices
and his cum from his cock from the base to the tip of the head, coating it with
her saliva.  She pulled him up and rolled him off the bed so he was standing
beside it, his cock hard and slippery from her mouth.  Turning, she got on her
hand and knees on the bed and wagging her ass at Billy, said "I want something
new,Billy.  I want to feel your slippery cock in my virgin ass."From behind
her, Billy could see Lisa fingers playing with her pussy, and above that he saw
the rosy ring of her ass.  He sawer rubbing her pussy juices over it until it
was shiny and protruding from the stimulation.   He was very excited by the idea
of fucking Lisa in the ass.  He stepped forward pressing the head of his dick
against the slippery rose-colored ring of her wiggling ass. Lisa reached back
between her legs and manipulated his cock,backing toward his saliva coated
prick until it started sliding into her asshole.  Once the head slipped into
her slippery ass, Billy grasped her hips and began working back and forth
making it penetrate deeper with each stroke.  Lisa's ass felt even tighter than
his sister's pussy, and it squeezed his cock in its grip.
 Lisa's hand moved forward and she played with her pussy as Billy's cock slid
in and out of her ass.  When her finger slid into her pussy she could feel his
cock through the thin wall of flesh separating her ass and cunt. Cindy could
hardly believe Lisa was letting Billy fuck her in the ass, but she was
obviously enjoying it.  Cindy watched Billy's slippery cock sliding ever deeper
into her best friend's butt, and she felt her pussy throbbing again from
watching them. She just had to get in on the action with them.  Laying on her
back, She slid under Lisa until her head was between Lisa's knees.  She could
see Lisa fingers sliding in and out of her pussy, and she also had a good view
of her brother's cock sliding in and out of Lisa's ass. Cindy raised herself on
her elbows till she could reach Lisa's pussy, and she started licking Lisa's
fingers as they slid into her pussy.  Lisa moved her hand out of Cindy's way and
used it to help support herself, giving Cindy unrestricted access to her pussy.
Cindy started tongue fucking Lisa's pussy, and occasionally tipped her head back
to lick her brother's balls as they swung close. When she licked Billy's balls,
she saw him drive his cock into Lisa's ass until his balls were touching her
pussy so Cindy could easily reach them. She sucked her brother's balls into her
mouth one at a time and teased them with her tongue.  As she continued to suck
Lisa's pussy and Billy's balls, she scooted her hips over under Lisa's face.
Lisa understood her need and dropping her head into Cindy's crotch, began to
suck on her pussy and drive her tongue into it. Cindy, remembering  the
sensations Lisa had caused with her fingers, found Lisa's swollen love button
and rolled it between her lips, occasionally nibbling at it with her teeth.
Lisa's reaction was even stronger than her own.  Lisa drove her ass rapidly back
and forth on Billy's cock, grabbed Cindy's ass in her hands and buried her face
in Cindy's pussy, driving her tongue to new depths. Lisa was already so hot
from watching Cindy and Billy fuck, that
 immediately went into her orgasmic throes, her ass squeezing and stimulating
Billy's cock until he shot his load into her. Feeling his hot come spurting in
her ass, Lisa used her tongue on Cindy's swollen clit to quickly bring her to
another orgasm. They all collapsed on the bed and lay still in their post-
orgasmic bliss.  When Lisa senses calmed to a more normal level, she noticed
that Billy and Cindy had  allen asleep in each others arms from their
exhaustion.  Leaving them to rediscover each other when they awoke, she slipped
from the room.
 Recovering her clothes from Cindy's room, she slipped them on and headed home,
wondering if her mother was back from the hairdressers yet.

                         

Chapter Four - A Family Affair

When Lisa got home, her mother was not back yet.  She turned on the television
for company and settled into an easy chair to think about the fun she had with
Cindy and Billy.  It wasn't long before she heard the door and saw her mother
walk into the living room.  Debbie was just returning from her appointment, so
she was still wearing the silky red mini-dress she had put on this morning.
"That dress really looks good on you, Mom." Lisa said.  "It clings to your
curves and shows off your sexy legs very nicely." Debbie smiled at Lisa's
compliment, thanked her , and dropped down to sit on the sofa across from
Lisa's chair.  When her mother relaxed on the sofa, Lisa could see her soft
inner thigh above the top of the dark stocking.  Her mother's position looked
very sexy, and it stimulated Lisa making her think of the way her mother's
pussy had looked through her nightie this morning. "What did you do while I was
gone?" she asked Lisa.  Lisa replied in a teasing voice, "Are you sure you
really want to know, Mommy?"  Debbie gave Lisa a long look, and then said
"After this morning I'm not too sure of anything, Honey.  You had me excited
before I even woke up and saw you playing with my pussy.  I was a new and
exciting experience for me."
 "You gave me a lot of exciting feelings too, Mother." Lisa said, giving her a
sexy smile.  She started telling her mother about all that had taken place at
Cindy's house.  Her mother's legs relaxed and her knees spread apart causing
the short dress to slide up her thighs as she listened to Lisa tell about
straddling Cindy's face with her pussy pressed against her mouth.  Lisa could
see the crotch of Debbie's black panties between her full thighs.  She
described how she had helped Cindy fuck her brother, Billy.  Her mother was
getting very hot listening to Lisa's sexy tale.  She told Debbie how wild Cindy
got when she twisted her clit while she had her brother's cock buried in her
pussy.  Lisa watched her mother squirming on the sofa and using her thighs to
make her pussy lips rub together. "Baby, you must have been ripe and ready when
your daddy sneaked into your room last night, because you sure have had lots of
exciting experiences since.  I was pretty mad at him when I first looked in and
saw his hand slipping under your panties, but then I saw how much you were
enjoying his attentions.  You looked very sexy with your legs spread, pressing
your pussy against his fingers to encourage and excite him.  My own pussy got so
hot I just had to rub it while I watched you.  I saw you rubbing his excited
cock with your little foot.  When you grabbed it and fed it to your pussy and
started humping against it, moaning with delight, I knew you were loving it.
Imagining the feelings it must be sending through your cunt pushed me over the
edge.  My pussy wanted to cum so bad, I just went wild and grabbed my crotch in
both hands."
 "You sure did, Mommy. When you slid to the floor, I thought you were going to
ram your whole hand up your slippery cunt.  I was watching you fucking yourself
with your fingers and I got so excited it made my first fuck with Daddy even
better.  Thinking about your fingers covered with your gravy, plunging into
your pussy like Daddy's cock was plunging into my pussy is what got me so
excited this morning and made me go to your room.  I hope you enjoyed my visit
as much as I did, Mom."  "I certainly did, Honey."  Debbie said.  She clasped
her hands together in her lap and pressed them hard against the mound of her
tortured pussy as she went on, "You certainly made me cum hard when you were
eating my pussy, Lisa, and I hope the way I licked your pussy felt just as good
to you.  Licking my own daughter's pussy really turned me on." Suddenly Debbie
said "Damn, usually I am pretty cool and can pretty well keep control of
myself, but since last night I have been having trouble keeping my pussy under
control.  When your daddy's cock slipped into your virgin pussy it turned you
into a sexy little vixen.  I can feel your eyes sliding over my panties, and
it's making my pussy hot.  Knowing you can see me rubbing my hands against my
cuntal mound just excites me more.  I get so hot looking at you and listening
to your exciting story, my pussy starts doing my thinking for me.  It starts
drooling and swelling and it keeps putting pictures in my mind of the sexy
things it wants to do."
 Lisa was intrigued and excited by the idea of her mother's pussy taking
control of her body.  She slowly and deliberately drew up her legs until her
skirt slid up, watching her mother's eyes slide over her panty clad bottom.
Then she let her knees slowly drop apart until her mother was staring between
her legs.  Her panties were pulled tightly into her crotch, and they slipped
between the lips of her pussy as they had done at Cindy's. "Does this help your
juicy pussy think of anything to do, mother?" she asked. Her daughter's
deliberate, teasing display of her pussy drew Debbies's eyes to her crotch and
made Debbie's pussy even hotter. She could see droplets of moisture on the fine
red hair covering the lips poking out of Lisa's skimpy panties.  "It looks like
your pussy is getting some ideas of its own, Lisa.  I can see it peeking around
your panties looking for something exciting to do. It looks like your pussy is
drooling as much as my own.  Your teasing is giving my pussy lots of ideas.
It's making me picture Cindy's slippery cunt sliding up and down her brother's
hard young cock.  That excites me and makes me wish it were fucking my own hot
pussy." Debbie continued.  "My pussy is also making me visualize his prick,
coated with your saliva, driving in and out of your tight, young ass.  That
really turned me on when you told about it, and I was surprised you wanted a
hard prick to fuck your tender little ass so soon.  Most girls are afraid to
find out how good even a finger can feel in their ass." "You taught me to want
that, Mom." Lisa replied.  "When you slid your finger up my butt this morning,
I had no idea how sexy it felt to have something shoved up my ass.  Your finger
added a great deal to the pleasure your mouth was giving my pussy."  Lisa
thought quietly for a moment and then said "You know, Mom, we can probably
think of a reason that would get Billy to come over here if you want to.  We
could have lots of fun teasing him.  He's always trying to peek up girl's
skirts to see their panties, and he gets a hard-on and has to play with himself
for relief." Her mother quickly replied, "Oh Honey, that would be fun.  I'm
sure my hot pussy can think of lots of ways to tease him. Between the two of us
we can probably have him cumming in his pants, or maybe even in our panties.
Let's do it.  The light is burned out over the kitchen sink and we are out of
bulbs.  Call and see if he can bring one over." Lisa went to the phone and
called Billy, asking if he had any spare light bulbs.  When he said he did, she
asked if he would bring one over so her mom could replace their kitchen light.
Billy was a little embarrassed to see Lisa in front of her mom so soon after
his experiences with her, but he figured there was no way for her mother to
know what went on, so he agreed to bring a bulb over right away.  His cock
started to swell just thinking about seeing Lisa again. "He's coming right
over, Mom."  Lisa told her.  "what do you want to do?"  "I'm going into the
kitchen to set the stage,"  Debbie said "just follow my lead."  She got up from
the sofa smoothing down her dress which only came to mid-thigh, and then she
winked at Lisa and unfastened the top two buttons.  She went into the utility
room and dragged a short ladder into the kitchen.  When Billy knocked on the
front door, Debbie climbed up a couple of steps on the ladder while Lisa went
to the door to let Billy in. Billy noticed that Lisa's nipples were still hard
and were poking out in her t-shirt.  When Lisa led him to the kitchen he saw
Lisa's mother standing on a ladder in a very short dress.  Seeing her long,
sexy legs excited him a little.  "Thanks for bringing the bulb over, Billy."
she said.  I think I am going to need you to hold the ladder for me while I
replace it." Billy walked over to hand the bulb to her and she had to bend way
over to take it from him.  He could see down the top of her dress where the
buttons were undone.  When he saw her creamy round breasts above the top of her
lacy black bra, his cock swelled in his pants.  When she straightened and
turned to change the bulb, He hesitated a moment and then grasped the ladder on
either side of her full hips.  He watched her climb nearer the top, revealing
more of her sexy stocking thighs with each step.  Debbie had deliberately
placed the ladder a little too far from the counter over which the light was
located, so she had to bend forward over the top of the ladder to reach the
fixture.  Billy watched her short skirt being pulled up her thighs by her round
bottom as she bent forward.  He stared as the skirt slid further up her legs,
revealing her soft white thighs above the tops of her gartered stockings.  By
the time she reached the light fixture she was showing her silky black panties
stretched tightly over the cheeks of her ass.  He had trouble breathing, and
his cock was rising rapidly in his pants. Lisa was standing at one side
watching her mother's effect on Billy.  She could see the bulge in his trousers
grow rapidly when her mother's panties showed under the skirt.  Billy felt her
eyes on his hard-on, and he was embarrassed, but he couldn't resist staring at
her mother's panties.  Catching glimpses of girl's panties had always excited
him, and now a sexy woman's shapely ass in tight black panties was right before
his eyes.  Her nylons and lacy garter belt excited him too. Debbie moved her
feet apart as if trying for a more secure stance on the ladder, and she leaned
way forward to put the fixture back together.  Billy almost gasped out loud.
The tight panties pulled into the crack between her round cheeks, and he could
see between her thighs to where the black nylon stretched tightly over her
pussy.  He glanced at Lisa and saw her grinning at his discomfort.  He knew she
was aware he was staring at her mother's nylon covered pussy.  She slowly
looked down and he could tell she was staring directly at the big bulge in his
pants. Just then Debbie started back down the ladder, "accidentally" brushing
her thighs against Billy's arms.  He jerked his hands off the ladder as though
it had burned him.  Debbie turned to look into his face and, smiling sweetly,
thanked him for the help.  "Won't you stay and have a Coke with us, Billy?" she
asked.  It the least we can do to repay you. Billy stammered "Thanks, I guess I
will.", and turning quickly in hopes she wouldn't notice his hard-on, he walked
into the living room and sat in the chair.  When Lisa and her mother came into
the room, he crossed his legs in an effort to hide the bulge in his pants.
Debbie carried the Coke to him, and bent over more than necessary to hand it to
him, knowing he was getting another good look at her breasts.  When he lifted
his hand from his lap to take the drink, she saw the big bulge in his pants,
she looked up at him with a surprised expression and said "Oh Billy, you have
really grown since I saw you last.", leaving him to wonder what she meant.
Billy watched her sexy hips swing as she walked to the couch.  He felt that he
should leave, but he couldn't stand up in front of Lisa's mother with his cock
sticking out the way it was.  Her dress was so short he could see a lot of leg
even when she was standing.  When she sat on the sofa, crossing those
long,lovely legs, he could see above the top of her stockings to where the
black panties started.  He knew his cock would never go down as long as she was
sitting like that. Debbie smiled at him and asked "What have you been doing
lately, Billy?  Have you been having any excitement in your life?" Thinking
about the way he had spent the morning with Lisa and his sister, Billy gulped
his Coke before answering "Nothing special, Mrs. Logan."  He glanced at Lisa
and he could tell from her expression that she was thinking about what they had
done this morning.  Looking straight at him, she sexily ran her tongue over her
lips and slumped down on the sofa, crossing her legs so her right ankle was on
her left knee.  Her skirt stretched tightly across her thighs, and when he
looked down her crotch was fully exposed to his eyes.  The crotch of her
panties had slipped into her pussy, and he could see the lips bulging out on
either side. He knew she was deliberately teasing him to remind him of this
morning.  She was making his cock throb, so he quickly swung his eyes back to
her mother just in time to see Mrs. Logan recross her own legs with an
exaggerated motion that gave him a quick glimpse of her panty covered pussy.
"Come now Billy," Debbie teased "surely a nice looking young man like you has
plenty of young girls chasing after him."  Turning her head to look at Lisa,
She said "Honey, that's not a very lady-like way to sit.  It would expose your
panties to the boys that might look in your direction and that could give them
nasty ideas."  While she was speaking, she deliberately drew her own leg up
until her ankle rested on her left knee just like Lisa's. Because of her short
skirt, she was exposed even more than Lisa. Billy choked on the Coke he was
trying to swallow.  When he coughed he forgot momentarily about keeping his
legs crossed, and his hard-on was very obvious, sticking up in his pants.
Debbie looked at him and seeing his tented trousers, said "See, Lisa, you are
showing your sexy panties to Billy, and look how uncomfortable you have made
him.  His penis has swollen up in his pants, and you have probably put all
kinds of nasty ideas into his head.  Boys can't help getting hard when girls
let them look up their skirts."  Turning back to him she asked, "Billy, has
seeing Lisa's crotch made you think sexy thoughts?  Tell her any nasty ideas
she made you have, so she will remember to sit like a lady in front of boys
from now on." Billy's mouth was open, but he couldn't think of anything to say
under the circumstances.  The fantasies going through his mind from seeing both
of their pantied pussies excited him very much. From the way it was throbbing,
his cock felt like it would jump out of his pants.  Lisa's mother continued,
saying "See what you have done, Lisa, you have excited poor Billy so much he
can't even talk."  Debbie absent-mindedly slid her ass forward on the couch as
she talked.  Her motion made her short skirt slide even higher, and it pulled
her panties between her pussy lips. Teasing the young boy had excited Debbie
and her pussy was swollen and wet from her oozing juices.  Billy gasped when he
realized the naked, moist lips protruded from her panties were shaved.  He had
never had a chance to peek at a shaved pussy before, and it turned him on very
much. Looking Billy directly in the eyes, Debbie continued "I bet the way Lisa
is sitting made you think nasty thoughts, didn't it? Did you want to touch her
panties with your hand?  Did it make you think about playing with her pussy?"
Hearing Debbie say "pussy" surprised him and made him even hornier.  He just
nodded his head in answer to her questions and stared rigidly at her exposed
cunt lips.  He was thinking to himself, "The way those long dark stocking and
garter belt frame your pussy make it even more exciting to me than Lisa's.  I
rather be playing with it." "What did I tell you, Lisa," her mother continued,
winking at her daughter, "You have made Billy's prick get hard and horny, and
you have caused him to think nasty thoughts about you.  I don't want you to
forget how important it is for you to sit like a lady, so I am going to have to
punish you, Honey.  Get over there and see what you have done to Billy."  Lisa
got up from the couch, walked over beside Billy's chair and looked closely at
the bulge in his trousers. "Okay young lady," Debbie said "now put your hand on
his cock and feel just how horny you have made him, so you will be more careful
how you sit from now on."  Billy could hardly believe what was happening to
him.  He watched Lisa reach down and feel of his cock.  He felt her fingers
squeezing it and stroking it through his pants.  She moved closer to him until
his hand brushed against the inside of her leg.  He was so hot he couldn't
resist sliding his fingers up her leg under her skirt until they reached her
crotch and rubbed her pussy lips.  "Oh Mother," she cried "I'm sorry I made
Billy horny like this.  His cock is big and hard, and it is jumping in my hand.
I did give him nasty ideas too, Mother, because he just put his hand up my skirt
and his fingers are tickling my pussy." Turning to look at Debbie she exclaimed
"Oh Mommy, you may not realize it, but you are sitting just like I was.  With
your short dress, your are showing Billy even more than I was.  Your panties
are pulled into your pussy and the naked lips are hanging out all covered with
your gravy.  Those dark nylons makes it look even sexier.  I bet Billy's
problem is your fault as much or even more than mine.  If I need to be
punished, maybe you should be too." Debbie looked down at herself, and lifting
the short shirt, stared at her own crotch, pretending she hadn't realized how
she was sitting.  "Billy, did seeing my panties and crotch excite you too?" she
asked softly.  "Were you thinking about doing nasty things to my pussy too?" By
now He was really enjoying this little game.  Mrs. Logan still had her skirt in
her hand and he was being treated to a full view of her from the waist down.
She had spread her legs wider to look at herself, and her juicy pussy was
staring him in the face.  Lisa was still squeezing his cock while he played
with her pussy. He replied "Mrs. Logan, your short dress is very sexy and it
looks great on you.  I started getting excited when you climbed the ladder and
showed me your panties.  Just now you were sitting on the couch in a way that
pulled your skirt way up your thighs, so I could see your whole crotch framed
by those dark stockings and garters.  When you slid forward your panties pulled
into your crotch until your pussy lips popped out on each side.  That's when I
realized your pussy was shaved.  I have never seen a shaved pussy before and it
made me very horny.  Even now, you are holding your skirt up and I can see even
more.  Mrs. Logan, you excited me much more than Lisa did.  I have seen girl's
panties before and they turned me on,  but you are the first grown woman that
ever exposed her pussy to me."  He felt a hard squeeze on his dick, and looking
up saw Lisa stick her tongue out at him for saying her mother excited him more.
Lisa turned to her mother and said, "See mother, Billy admits it. You are more
to blame for his condition than I am."  Backing away from the chair, she pulled
him up by his cock.  She led him over to the couch where her mother was sitting
and pushed him down next to her.  Taking her mother's hand and placing it on
Billy's bulge, she said "It is your turn to be punished, Mom.  Feel what you
have done to his cock.  Billy, if you have any more nasty ideas try them on
her, because she is the main cause of your problem." When Lisa dragged Billy
over and put Debbie's hand on his cock, Debbie had dropped her skirt and it had
flipped up over her tummy, leaving her panties and crotch exposed.  As Debbie
enjoyed her punishment by feeling of his hard-on, Lisa took his hand and
placing on her mother's pussy, saying "Don't be bashful just because she is my
mother, Billy.  The way she was sitting showing off her naked pussy lips, she
deserves any punishment you can think of.  Try tickling her pussy for a while."
Stroking Billy's swollen, throbbing prick, Debbie said "Oh Billy, your cock is
so big for a boy of your age.  I must have excited you terribly."  Feeling his
fingers rubbing over her naked pussy lips and pressing the nylon into her cunt
made her go on, "I didn't realize how bad I was being, but I guess I deserve
the punishment your are giving my pussy."  Pushing her cunt against his
fingers, she said "I've got to see how much I have excited you, Billy, so I
will know how much I should be punished."  She unfastened his belt and unzipped
his fly.  "Lisa, help me with his trousers." she cried.  Lisa helped her mother
pull Billy's pants off and discovered he hadn't bothered putting on underwear.
His cock sprang erect when his pants were pulled off.  They both stared at its
swollen length, watching it jump slightly each time his pulse beat. Debbie
wrapped her long fingers around it as Lisa said "Oh Mommy, you really excited
him a lot, and you deserve a great deal of punishment."  "I'm going to have to
help Billy punish you."  Lisa sat on the other side of her mom and put her hand
over Billy's and squeezed, forcing his fingers against Debbie's pussy.  She
reached into the drawer of the end table beside the sofa and took out a pair of
scissors.  Lifting Billy's hand out of the way she slid one blade under the
panties and quickly snipped the crotch loose from the front of the panties.
The nylon panel fell back exposing her mother's entire pussy.  Lisa put Billy's
hand back onto her mother's pussy, and slid his fingers between the lips,
moving them over the clit.  "Rub that little button, Billy.", Lisa told him.
"That is Mommy's clitoris and it is very sensitive.  The best way to punish her
it to rub and twist it a lot." Debbie was surprised when Lisa cut away the
crotch of her panties, and their hands were stimulating strong feelings in her
naked pussy.  Lisa knew just where to make Billy's fingers rub her pussy to
excite her the most.  "Oh Billy, punish me good for what I did to you."  Debbie
cried, rotating her pussy against the teasing fingers.  Billy's and Lisa's
fingers turned her clit into a swollen bundle of nerves, sparking intense
feelings of pleasure in her cunt.  Stroke after circling stroke made it heave
and throb, swelling so hard she thought it might burst. Lisa spotted the gravy
oozing from within her mother's cunt and said excitedly "The punishment is
working, Mommy.  Your pussy is crying.  The tears are getting all over Billy's
fingers."  She helped him spread the juices all over her mother's pussy until
it was very slippery.  The lips were swollen with excitement, and the pussy
opened like a pink flower ready to accept anything that might be offered.
Debbie was moaning with pleasure from the intense feeling  they were creating
in her crotch.  She looked at Billy's throbbing= cock and knew she wanted to
feel it deep in her cunt.  Still holding his prick in one hand, she pushed him
down on the couch until he was lying on his back with his hard-on sticking
straight up.  "I was so bad exciting you like this, Billy.  There is really
only one way I can make up for it."  She said.  "I've got to let you punish my
pussy by shoving your hot, young cock into it."  As she spoke, she straddled
his hips, and holding his cock in her hand, she lowered herself over it until
her slippery lips spread and slipped over the head.  Releasing her hold on
his dick, she dropped her hips down suddenly driving it into her belly, and
mashing her cunt lips against his pubic bone.
 Earlier in the day Billy had thought that screwing his sister's pussy was the
ultimate experience, but being fucked by a grown woman as sexy looking as Mrs.
Logan with her short dress shoved up around her hips was really wild.  He
watched her shaved pussy lips slipping over his cock and felt the head slide
easily up her hot, moist cunt until it was buried deep in her body.  He felt
her pussy mash against his pubic hair, and the cut away nylon crotch of her
sexy black panties rested on his balls. Lisa reached under her skirt and
removed her panties.  Then she moved to where she could watch her mother's
pussy engulf Billy's hard cock.  Lisa view was partially blocked by her
mother's short skirt, so she tucked it into the top of Debbie's garter belt to
keep it out of the way.  Drawing up her own skirt with one hand, she spread her
legs to expose her pussy, and she began fingering herself with the other hand.
Debbie was a picture of wanton bliss.  Her head was thrown back as she rotated
her hips to grind her pussy against the bottom of Billy's cock.  Her shimmering
black crotchless panties and dark gartered stockings framed her naked pussy
perfectly.  She kept his cock trapped deep in her cunt so she could rub her
clitoris against his pubic bone and hair.  She arched and wiggled her hips,
swaying and screwing her excited cunt against his cock, hammering that tender
little bundle of nerves against him to send shocking tremors through her pussy.
Lisa's dad had left work early to drop his car off at the service station on
the corner for a tune up.  He walked home across the back yards wondering if
Lisa might be home alone.  Thinking about last night in her room had made him
horny again.  He slipped in quietly through the back door to catch her in
whatever she might be doing.  He could hardly believe his eyes when he peeked
into the living room.  Lisa's back was toward him, but he could see she had her
skirt pulled up and her fingers in her pussy.  His cock jumped wildly in his
pants when he saw his wife kneeling over the boy from next door with his cock
stuffed up her pussy. He wondered what had happened to the crotch of her
panties.  It was very exciting to see her humping against the boy with her
panties, garter belt and stockings still on.  Watching his wife grind her cunt
against the boy's hard-on, he unfastened his belt and slid his trousers and
shorts off.  He stood quietly watching his sexy wife and daughter, and stroked
his swollen cock. Debbie looked down at the boy she was fucking and said "Oh
Billy, I deserve every bit of the punishment you are giving me for getting your
cock all excited.   The way I was sitting with my skirt up and my legs sprawled
out, I must have unconsciously wanted you to see the crotch of my panties.
Punish my pussy with your hard dick so I'll never want to do it again." Billy
grabbed her hips in his hands and drove himself against her, feeling her pussy
muscles squeezing his cock and trying to suck it in farther.  She looked deep
into his eyes and rhythmically contracted the muscles surrounding her vagina so
they clutched and pulled on his cock like tiny fingers jacking him off.  She
asked in her sexy low voice, "Does that feel as good to your prick as your
sister's pussy did, Billy?" He was surprised she knew he had fucked his sister,
and he quickly replied "Oh Mrs. Logan, it feels a lot better. Your educated
pussy knows how to make a prick really feel good, and somehow I enjoy it even
more because you still have those sexy clothes on while you're fucking me."
She raised up on her knees, sliding her pussy to the tip of his cock, then
plunged back down his cock squeezing him hard with her vaginal muscles.  She
rotated her pussy in rapid circles against him, making them both enjoy the
movements.  "I guess you should call me Debbie now that we are fucking each
other." she said.  "You have probably figured out that I'm really enjoying my
punishment as much as you are." Suddenly her daughter who was watching them and
frantically fingering her own pussy, whined plaintively "I was bad too, Mommy,
so who is going to punish me?  I'm tired of watching your naughty pussy having
all the fun with Billy's cock." Three heads spun around when a deep voice
behind them said "I'll take care of your punishment, little girl, and I'll
punish you real good.  Turning quickly, they all saw Lisa's father, naked from
the waist down, striding across the room toward them with his hard cock in his
hand.  Billy's cock almost wilted in Debbie's pussy when he saw him, but as he
watched he saw him grab Lisa by the hips and lift her against him, resting her
pussy astride his cock.  He carried her to the big easy chair and laid her back
over the arm with her head and upper body in the seat, and her ass resting on
the arm.  When he had tipped her back into the chair her skirt slid up over her
waist so her naked pussy was exposed to all.  Debbie and Billy saw him step up
between Lisa's legs, grasp her hips in his hands, and in one swift motion bury
his cock to the hilt in her slippery pussy.  "Oooo Daddy," Lisa squealed in
delight "That feels sooo good, even better than last night.  Fuck my pussy
harder than you did in my room.  I love feeling your big cock deep in my
belly." Surprised to hear her mention last night in front of her mother, he
glanced over at his wife who had resumed fucking Billy with renewed vigor.  She
turned to look back at him and gave him a big sexy smile.  "That's right
Honey," she teased "I know all about last night when you were fucking our
virgin daughter.  I also know how much she loved having your cock in her pussy.
I got so hot watching you both I almost sucked my nipples off and I masturbated
my pussy to a pulp."  "Go to it you horny old bastard, fuck your daughter's hot
young pussy till she can't stand up, while I do the same to this boy with his
hard young prick up my cunt." Her words excited them all to new levels of
sexiness, including herself.  Lisa wrapped her legs around her daddy's ass and
pulled him deeper, swiveling and screwing her juicy pussy against him. She
pulled up her t-shirt so she could twist her  swollen nipples  in her fingers.
Billy rolled over carrying Debbie to the floor under him.  He put his arms
under her knees and raised her legs over her head, saying "I have been fucked
by two females today, and now I'm going to do the fucking." With Debbie in this
new position he was able to drive his cock even deeper into her cunt.
Supporting himself on his feet and one hand, he reached back and grasped her
swollen clit between his fingers as he had seen Lisa do to his sister.  He
squeezed it and twisted it between the tips of his finger and thumb while pile
driving his cock into her pussy in a series of long strokes. His fingers were
making her clit a raw bundle of nerves and sending tidal waves of pleasure
through her pussy.  Debbie's breathing had degenerated into a series of squeals
and moans of sensual enjoyment.  She threw her arms around his shoulder and
lifted her ass, slamming her cunt against him and crying "Fuck me, Billy, fuck
my naughty cunt. Tease my clit, fuck me and tease me hard.  Oh Billy, I'm
cumming, I'm cumming hard, I'm going to come all over your hot cock." She threw
her pussy against him hard, and letting out a long wail, she had a tremendous
orgasm, grinding her pussy against the base of his cock as her muscles went
into rapid spasms and clutched his cock wildly.  Her action pushed Billy over
the edge and he felt the hot spurts of his cum shooting deep into her pussy.
Lisa's father had been fucking her with long slow strokes and she had been
pushing her pussy back at him to make it go deeper.  She could feel the head of
his prick touching the mouth of her uterus when she pushed hard against him.
It was wonderful feeling her daddy so deep in her pussy.  When she heard Debbie
pleading wildly to be fucked harder, her pussy contracted with excitement, and
squeezed her father's cock in a vise-like grip.  He leaned over her and placed
his hands on the opposite arm of the chair for support.  He fucked his
daughter's slippery pussy with a wild passion driving the base of his throbbing
cock against her clit on every stroke.  He felt her tiny bud swelling even
more, and he buried his cock so deeply he could feel the head entering her
womb, and rotated his shaft against that little bundle of nerves. His technique
was new to her and it was driving her wild with  pleasure.  "Sooo good, Daddy,
it feels so good that way."  Lisa crooned.  "Keep doing it that way, Daddy.
It's going to make me cum hard like Mommy did this morning when she had her
tongue in my pussy and her finger up my butt." He swiveled his head to look at
his wife in surprise.  She gave him a devilishly sexy look as she languidly
fingered her pussy and licked her gravy from Billy's cock.  Leaving Billy to
recover on the floor, she rose to her hands and knees and crawled over to Chuck
and Lisa.  She reached between Chuck's legs and squeezed his balls gently in
her hand causing his cock to leap and send new thrills through her daughter's
pussy. Debbie slid her fingers up to Lisa's ass and teased it, feeling the
juices from Lisa's pussy flowing over it.  She slid a finger tip around and
around until she felt the muscles relax, and then slipped the finger deep into
her daughter's rectum.  Lisa let out a loud moan of pleasure and fucked hard
and fast against her daddy's cock as her mommy's finger teased her.  Debbie
could feel her husband's big cock moving in and out of Lisa's pussy through the
thin wall of tissue between her pussy and ass.  Chuck could feel Debbie's
fingers pressing against his cock.  They made his cock feel even hotter when
the head slid past Debbie's probing fingers.  It was very exciting to have his
wife helping him to make Lisa enjoy the experience.  Father and daughter were
fucking with wild abandon now that mother had joined the game. Lisa's pussy
mashed hard against her dad on every stroke.  The base of his cock drove her
clit into a super-excited state as did her mother's probing finger in her ass.
Suddenly her pussy spasmed with series of involuntary contractions, rapidly
squeezing her daddy's cock until he was cumming in powerful spurts deep in her
pussy.  She felt the hot cream shooting against her uterus and she came in her
biggest orgasm yet.  Lisa quivered on her daddy's cock with her ass clutching
at her mother's finger and shrieked "Oh Daddy, oh Mommy, that was wonderful.
Thank you both for giving me such pleasure."  She collapsed weakly in the
chair, and her legs dangled toward the floor.  Debbie and Chuck withdrew from
her pussy and ass.  Debbie licked her daughter's gravy from Chuck's limp cock.
He got down on his knees with her and they both licked up his cum as it oozed
from their daughter's pussy.  They lifted Lisa's exhausted body from the chair
and hugged her to them.  She smiled at them both and told them she loved them.
Then she got an impish grin on her face and said "This is just the beginning of
a lot of fun for this family, isn't it."  Chuck and Debbie both laughed and
said "You bet it is, Honey."
 Debbie and Lisa walked over to Billy and helped him up.  They helped him into
his trousers and walked him to the door.  As he opened the door to go home,
Debbie said "Cum again sometime, Billy.  Maybe next time Cindy can cum too."







