
 C h a p t e r   7
 Honey, that's the best I've ever had. "You are the greatest,"
as our friend Ali say's, and I'll follow your lead to see if we
can get your party to go into a full blown orgy."
 He pulled her to her feet and planted a wet kiss on her cum
coated lips, his tongue probing and flickering where his black
cock had spurted, just moments before.
 Lisa felt for the recorder switch with her heel, as he kissed
her, turning off the recorder and camera, leading George back
to the living room.
 Acting very casual, George and Lisa obtained new drinks and
over George's shoulder, she nodded at her husband and smiled,
signifying that she's been filled with a male cock, while that
action between herself and her black lover was recorded on
video tape.
 Bill's eyebrows came back down from his unspoken question as
his index finger and thumb made a circle to signify completion
of phase one, of their plans.
 Lisa began phase two, by engaging Bull and Polly in animated
conversation, joined by George, Lisa began to warm up Bull by
almost thrusting her breasts out of her blouse.
 Each time her eyes looked at Bull's, his eyes were deep into
the cleavage, lusting after the full swelling of her tits. She
let him know that she knew his eyes were on her tits, writhing
a little to set them quivering, and that she liked to have her
tits looked over.
 Bull took a deep breath, still staring down the vee in her
blouse.
 "Where's your bathroom, Lisa?"
 "All the way at the end of the hall. Use the bath in the
master bedroom. Come on with me, since I've got to pee too,
I'll use the front bathroom," Lisa grinned at him, holding out
her hand for his hand to lead him.
 They parted at the front bathroom door. Lisa letting go of
Bull's hand as she started through the door.
 "I hope everything comes out all right," Bull's humorous voice
grinned at her.
 "Oh, I'm certain it will," Lisa grinned back.
 Lisa closed the door behind her, paused a few seconds to allow
Bull to proceed to the bathroom in the master bedroom, then
opening it to tip toe into the master bedroom. Closing and
locking the master bedroom door very quietly, and with caution
that the turning of the lock made no sounds.
 Making no noise, she tip toed to the door of the bathroom,
leaning her ear to the door, listening to the noise of Bull in
the toilet, the water sounds of piss splashing into the water
of the bowl issued from the closed door, followed by the sound
of the flushing toilet.
 Moving quickly, Lisa drew away from the door and to the bed,
seating herself on the edge of the bed again, recorder turned
on, Lisa opened the slit in her skirt and began to rub the
clefted opening of her overheated cunt.
 When Bull exited the bathroom, his hands busy fastening the
zipper on his fly, his eyes fell on Lisa sitting posed for him,
on the bed. Her skirt open, her busy finger sunk into the top
of her pussy, as her wide ice blue eyes stared into his. Her
fingers stopped moving while she sat frozen for a few seconds
looking full into his eyes, her finger again began sliding over
the wet and swollen lips of her cunt. Parting the lips gently
with her finger, Lisa moved the tip over the erect bud of her
clit. Slowly slipping into the swelled lips of her pink pussy
her finger glinted with sticky honey.
 Bull's deep voice almost cracked as he spoke.
 "Jesus, Lisa. Couldn't you wait until the party was over
before you started finger fucking yourself?"
 "Not really Bull," her sultry voice slow. "I just got turned
on thinking about you and decided to put my fingers in my pussy
for a little while."
 "Wouldn't you rather have something else in there, Lisa?"
 "Yes I'd really like something else in here. Have you got
anything in mind that I could fill this with? I do like to
have my pussy filled any time I can."
 "Oh, I have something to fill it with all right, I have
fingers, a tongue or a big cock! Which one would you like, or
maybe all three."
 Lisa cocked her head to the side, a parody of thought, as if
considering his offer.
 "Well, let's see now. I do like to have a finger in my pussy,
and I certainly do like to have a tongue in there too, but if
it's a really big cock, then I think that I'd really rather
have it in me. Have you really got a big cock Bull? I do know
that when we all met at that swimming pool party in San Jose, I
couldn't take my eyes off the front of your trunks."
 The sudden jump of his prick was outlined by his tight brown
trousers, the fabric stretching with the quick engorgement of
blood to his cock.
 Bull grinned down at the beautiful and sensuous blonde wife.
 "Big, and long and hard besides. Just look here at what you do
to me when you play with your pussy, like you're doing now."
 Lisa looked where Bull was pointing. His finger indicated the
bulge in the front of his trousers, the bulky outline of his
male sex swelling the fabric of his slacks, turgid and filled
with lust.
 "I only believe what I see, and so far all I see is clothing,
I don't see any big cock yet. You might have a potato stuffed
in there for all I can tell from here."
 "Watch closely, and I'll let you be the judge, and the jury
too, if you want, as to whether it's a potato, or more cock
than you can handle."
 "I really don't think that there is such a thing as more cock
than I can handle, and I want it. I really want. Right now, I
want to see it."
 Lisa purred, her fingers still probing the softness of her
cunt. The oily wetness from her lubricating juices coating the
red nail polish at the tips of her fingers.
 Her eyes dropping to stare at his groin as he drew his zipper
from the top catch to the bottom of his fly.
 Lisa's eyes widened as his prick came out, and came out, and
came out. George's cock looked like a banana, but Bull's prick
looked like the handle of a tennis racket. So long that it
drooped under it's own weight. His cock stood out from his
belly straining to hold itself erect. Lisa's pussy spasmed just
looking at the awesome handle on the man.
 "Gawd! Now I know why they call you Bull. The name fits your
cock. You're built like a god damn bull!"
 He stepped forward, his cock bobbling, until it was level with
Lisa's eyes.
 "Try it, you'll like it."
 "If I lick it, will I like it better?"
 "I don't know if you'll like it better, but I'll like it
better if you'll lick it!"
 Lisa giggled up at Bull, still staring at his lusty prick. Her
hands grasped and held his huge prick, fondling the heavy
weight of meat. Stroking and pumping, she felt it expanding
under her caresses until the glans, swollen and seeping with
moisture, gleamed with engorged blood.
 His foreskin, lay in thick and heavy folds surrounding the
neck of his prick. Lisa's soft fingers moved the heavy folds
of wrinkled skin up to almost cover the glans, them back slowly
over the neck of his cock until the head was uncovered and
throbbing in her hands. Each time she covered and uncovered his
lusty cock with his foreskin, a small seepage of honey
emitted from the slitted opening.
 For all the length of his cock, the glans head was small and
almost flat, tapered at the bottom but straight at the top.
Rounded and spongy to her touch, responsive to the suggestive
caresses her tender fingertips traced over the smooth slick
surface.
 It was much larger than her husband's root, or even George's
prick. Lisa thought and compared the other four cocks she'd
had. This one beat them all in length, maybe even a little in
thickness. The hole in the head was a long slit instead of the
dimple she was familiar with, seeping honey that oiled the
slippery glans beneath the foreskin as she pumped on it.
 Softly running her hands over the massive organ, Lisa weighed
and marveled at the weight, hefted the hairy testicles hanging
with bunched wrinkled skin below the hardened shaft, slowly
moving her fingers from testicles to glans, tracing the blue
veins swelling and pulsing under the skin.
 Again, moving from root to tip, the sensuous blonde wife
squeezed harder at his shaft, milking it and bringing a soft
groan from Bull's lips.
 Her milking motion brought a pearl of honey lubrication
juice welling up on the long slitted opening. Each time the
sensuous blonde housewife pumped the heavy foreskin on his
prick, another small pearl of honey emerged to perch on the
slitted opening.
 Lisa's pink tongue, slipped from between her red lips, pointed
at the slit as she brought her face closer and closer to his
cock.
 "That's it baby, go ahead and suck it all," Bull's macho voice
intoned at her.
 "That's me, just call me Suzi Spermbreath, because I love to
suck cocks!" Lisa giggled.
 Her tongue darted into the slippery slit at the head of his
cock, into the gooey liquid pooling there, to retract back into
her hot mouth with the viscous liquid clinging to her tongue.
Savoring the sticky wetness clinging to her tongue, the
sensuous blonde wife scraped her teeth over the head of his
purple headed spongy prick, letting him feel the edges of her
sharp white teeth on his organ, bringing another groan from his
lips as his hips moved slightly trying to slide more of his
cock into Lisa's questing mouth.
 "Suck it harder, let me feel your teeth again, and I'll coat
your tonsils."
 Lisa pulled back, looking up at Bull standing by the bed.
 "I don't want you to come in my mouth, silly, I want you to
come inside my pussy. Some other time I'd love to suck you
off, but right now I'd rather just fuck you."
 "Just one more quick suck, and then I'll fuck your brains
out," Bull's voice turned even more macho.
 Lisa moved her mouth quickly over the swollen head of his
cock, her flickering tongue covering the head, laving the
smoothness of his pounding cock with her tongue, applying even
more suction to the slitted opening, pulling the slippery juice
out of his prick into her mouth.
 With one more deep penetration, Lisa moved her head slowly,
allowing his cock to slip from her questing lips until slick
with the excess saliva from her mouth coated his glans and half
of the shaft of his oversized organ.
 "You're going to have to take it easy when you put that thing
inside my pussy Bull. That's some awesome piece of machinery
you have, and it's a lot bigger than the finger I have in my
cunt now. Stand back just a minute while I get ready for
you. She paused and looked at him again.
 "Would you mind fucking me dog fashion? I'd really like that,
and we wouldn't have to get undressed for it."
 Bull's head nodded.
 "Any way you like it, sweet lady. It'll be my pleasure to fuck
you any way you want, just as long as I get to fuck you."
 Lisa moved up off the bed, twirled and flinging her skirt up
over her waist, bent over the edge of the bed, watching in the
mirror to get just the correct computed angle for the camera,
and presented her bare ass and curly tufted cunt to him.
 Holding to the edge of the bed with her arms, bent over at
the waist, her cunt was at the same level as his huge cock.
 Peering into the mirror at the reflection of the camera lens in the closet, Lisa pivoted slightly, hoping to get the best
camera angle, knowing the camera was going to get the rear view
of his ass and her cunt.
 "Can you drop your pants, dear, I want to feel your balls on
my ass, and I can't do that if your pants are on."
 Bull's trousers sunk down his legs to the floor.
 His meaty organ hanging down at a forty five degree angle, the
head lower than the lowest part of his hairy testicles,
bloated, as his hand grasped his thick foreskin, jacking off
his cock to keep it hard. Filling rapidly, stiffening until the
bluish veins stood out and the glans turned dark purple.
Holding and caressing her curved buttocks, Bull moved a step
closer until his cock touched her curved, clefted ass.
 He centered his cock head, slippery with honey and Lisa's
saliva to the slitted opening she presented. The sensual
feeling of exposing herself to the men in the other room, the
blow job she'd given to Harry's black cock, and now the sight
and licking of Bull's male organ had lubricated her loins until
the juice welled from the tight swollen lips coating even the
soft blonde curly pussy hair.
 Bull stepped close behind Lisa, his prick nudging at the
curved flanks, dipping lower until it centered at the hairy
opening she presented with her ass waving slightly.
 Bull leaned his weight against the hot blonde housewife, the
head of his prick slid into her opening like butter, smoothly
sliding inside her belly, the narrow head of his prick an arrow
for his root to follow.
 He gently pressed his length into her wet cunt as she moaned
her pleasure, wriggling her ass the help him insert the entire
log deep in her cunt. It slithered into her womb, a serpent of
lusty dimensions. She put one hand between her legs, groping
for his balls, delighted to feel how much of his organ she had
captured on the first stroke. Sucking George's prick had made
her wet enough with lubricating juices that Bull's tennis
handle cock slipped into her womb without pausing or forcing.
                         ...
