
C h a p t e r   13
 "If you want to go, then I want to go with you," Lisa said,
"there's no conceivable reason why I can't go!"
 The discussion was about peep shows, the quarter booths that
were featured in the ADULT movies stores and shops all around
the bay area. Bill had said something about going to an adult
stag shop, and Lisa wanted to go with him. 
 "OK, OK... Get your jacket and let's go," Bill gave in with
resignation to her plea. Heading up for San Francisco on
highway 101 in the car, Lisa petted Bill's thigh as they drove
into the city to park in the downtown area. Neon signs flashed
and glittered with bar and cocktail lounge names in lights.
 "Funny thing is, almost all of the Adult Book stores with the
quarter peep shows are painted yellow. I don't know where it
came from but, there was a movie called, "I am Curious Yellow",
some years ago. Maybe the color of the stores came from the
movie," Bill remarked.
 They picked an Adult Bookstore on the north side of the street
and entered. Lisa was amazed at the color magazines of fucking
and sucking that covered the walls, and selections of
vibrators, creams, jellies, and various other sexual aids were
in racks, counters, and stands around the room. At one end of
the room, a sign '.25 Movies' hung over the door. As Bill got
quarters from the change machine, Lisa looked at the magazine
covers.
 One of the books had a german shepherd dog frolicking with a
nude blonde haired girl. Lisa thought about Dumdum and her day,
until Bill took her arm and headed under the sign.
 A framed window with advertisements of the movies available
in each booth was dimly lit just inside the entrance as they
stood, pouring over the available selections. A number above
each advertisement indicating in which booth the movie would
show.
 "Pick a number, any number," Bill chanted under his breath,
sounding like a circus shill at a roulette game.
 Lisa laughed at him, "Let's try booth twenty one, since
we're both adults and over."
 Bill laughed as the looked at the numbers on the doors to find
booth twenty one. Lisa noticed how many men were just standing
around, slouching against the dark walls, looking at her as
they sought the number.
 Everything was painted black in the exhibition hallways.
Recessed dim lights in the ceiling lit the narrow hallways as
they wound around the corners until the found booth twenty one.
 Lisa had noticed red lights above each door, some on, some off
as they had walked the hallways, and understood the lights to
mean that the booth was occupied if illuminated.
 Closing the door, Bill found a slide lock and slid it to the
door, effectively preventing unwanted intrusions. It was pitch
black in the booth, with only two dim neon lights by the coin
slots of the quarter machine.
 Bill inserted a quarter in a slot and the movie started. The
reflected lighting lit the booth enough to allow them to see a
bench wide enough for two, and they sat, Lisa rubbing Bill's
cock through the fabric of his trousers.
 Two girls were making love on the small two foot by three foot
screen in front of the bench, sucking each others pussy's in a
sixty nine position, and Lisa wondered how it would feel having
another woman suck her. Might be softer than a man, but she
didn't know if she could handle the thought of her sucking
another girl's cunt. The idea didn't turn her on all that much.
 Lisa saw light at the side of the booth they were inside,
coming from the next booth through the six inch circular hole
opening cut in the wall.
 "Jesus, Bill.", breathed Lisa, "I could look right into the
next booth, through that hole."
 "That's what it's all about, baby. You can satisfy your
voyeurs instinct and look in either booth, there or there."
 Bill indicated the hole in the other wall.
 "Wow. I think I'm going to like this. You mean that I get down
on my knees and just watch what the person in the next booth is
doing?" Lisa giggled.
 "Right on.." Bill whispered in her ear, "Just peek in the
hole. That's why these are called peek shows!"
 Lisa leaned forward, peering cautiously, her eyes approaching
the opening, looking into the next booth, to see an elderly
grey haired, obese male, fat stomach hanging, trousers down at
his ankles, pulling at his limp cock while he watched the show
in his booth. His hand was busy stretching his prick, which was
obviously refusing to cooperate to his stimulation. The other
opening must be more promising Lisa thought, and she lowered
her eyes to it.
 A young male, prick in his hand, busy pumping his prick, was
seated in that booth. He looked hard at the hole Lisa was
peering through, and began to pump harder at his erect rod. In
seconds, his hand pumping furiously, his prick spurted cum.
 Jetting out from his loins, his sperm described an arc to
splash on the floor at his feet between his shoes.
 "What a waste, "thought Lisa. "I could have had his cum in
my pussy, my mouth, over my tits, in my hands, or anywhere
except on the cold cement floor."
 The young man produced a handkerchief from his back pocket
with the cloth in his hand, began to wipe the dribbles of cum
from his organ, milking big drops from the end the wiping his
shrinking cock dry. Throwing the handkerchief under the bench,
and without even looking at Lisa's peek hole, he opened his
door and left the booth. Lisa whispered to Bill what she had
seen through the hole. She described watching the man jack off
and cum on the floor, and his wiping of his cock on the white
handkerchief.
 "If he does much jacking off, he's going to spend a fortune on
handkerchief's," Bill commented at the end of her dissertation.
 This struck Lisa so funny, she almost howled with suppressed
laughter, her body quivering as she tried not to make too much
noise in the booth. She sat next to Bill and watched Bill
feeding quarters as the movie automatically stopped, until
they had watched the short film to conclusion.
 Lisa occasionally peeked into the next booths, but they were
not occupied.
 "Let's get out of here and get a drink," Lisa said at the
finish of the short movie.
 They left, strolling arm in arm, entering a cocktail lounge in
the next block. Sipping her drink, Lisa got the giggles again,
thinking of the young man with a high stack of handkerchiefs,
busily masturbating his cum in each one.
 "You know, darling, I'm finding out that I really get turned
on each time we get involved in another sexual scene. Don't you
think that there's something strange about a happily married
woman, wanting to fuck all the time?"
 "I don't think you want to fuck all the time, for instance,
sometimes you want to suck, and sometimes, you want to get
sucked," her husband laughed at her.
 "You know what I mean. Until only a month or so ago, I was
perfectly content with only you sexually, and then you started
talking about fucking and sucking and orgies all the time. The
next thing I knew, we were sitting in an adult movie and I was
getting into all kinds of strange sexual experiences."
 "Does that mean that you're not enjoying your sexual
adventures with me?" her husband asked.
 "You know that I do. But, I wonder what you must think of your
sweet, virginal blonde wife now that you've watched me with
cocks in my mouth and pricks up my cunt, fucking like crazy!"
 "I think that you're a sexy, turned on blonde, that's a little
cock crazy, and, I love it. It really turns me on too, watching
you get turned on, and well satisfied."
 "But, Bill, do you think that I'll just get worse and worse,
looking for another cock all the time to satisfy me? How will
you feel when you come home some day and find the milk man
fucking your wife in the kitchen?"
 "In the first place, there are no more milk men, you have to
buy it in a supermarket, and in the second place, even if you
could find a milk man to fuck you in the kitchen, and I came
home and caught you, I'd just take out my prick and join the
fun! There's always another place for another prick."
 "Well, it kind of bothers me. I'm just getting hornier with
every one of our adventures, and I'm wondering where it's all
going to lead us."
 "It's going to lead us to more fun, and more games, and more
adventures. You're going to enjoy yourself and have a good time
with sex. Sex is supposed to be fun, not a guilt trip, like
some people like to make it."
 "If you say so darling, then I'll go along with you, and enjoy
what ever, or who ever, comes," Lisa giggled at her handsome
husband.
 "Lisa, you know that you're a very strikingly beautiful woman,
and you radiate sex. You look like you have the words "fuck
me", branded on your forehead. You are also blessed by having
the lusty lewd intentions to do something about your sexuality,
so don't hold back at all. What I'm telling you is this, if it
feels good, sexually, then do it. I'll always understand."
 "Does that mean you also enjoy fucking beautiful women?"
 "You bet your ass I do! I really enjoy making it with a
healthy and sensual lady that knows just what she wants, and
how to go about getting it," her husband nodded.
 "Next thing I know, you'll be fucking Angela at the office."
 "She's married!" he stated, as if the act would be impossible,
and felt the very same guilt he'd just told his wife, Lisa to
avoid. It was a bit uncomfortable, talking about banging Angela
when less than twelve hours ago, Angela had his cock in her
mouth.
 "She's married, not unavailable! I've watched her swing her
ass at you at the office. She's a walking piece of dynamite,
and I'm sure she'd love to use you as one of her fuses."
 "How do you know that she hasn't already used me as a fuse?"
 Lisa grinned lewdly at her husband, taking hold of his arm
with a loving gesture, "honey, if Angela ever gives you a
chance to get into her panties, and you turn it down, I'll
never speak to you again."
 "Princess, if either Angela or Marian offer, with your
permission, I'll accept."
 "Boy, not only do you want to fuck your own secretary, now you
want to fuck Sam's secretary too!" Lisa giggled lasciviously
at her husband, "Go get 'em tiger, fuck 'em all, and if you get
a chance, call me in to either watch, or participate."
"That's enough talking about getting me laid, let's go and get
you laid," Bill adroitly changed the uncomfortable subject.
 "I can get myself laid, thank you, however, it would help if
you'd take me back to where the action is. I'm getting horny
again after all this talking about you fucking both Angela and
Marian." Lisa swung off the bar stool, standing with her hands
on her hips, hipshot on one leg, pelvis thrust forward, a very
provocative pose for her husband.
 "Good, let's go get you fucked."
 Walking the street, Lisa putting a little more swing in her
ass, looking in the store fronts, examining the merchandise and
generally enjoying themselves. They rounded a corner and saw
another Adult Movie Peep Show, also painted yellow.
 Give me some quarters," Lisa wheedled Bill. "I want to go in a
booth alone and see what happens when the peepers find lady
masturbating next door."
 Bill handed her a handful of quarters.
 "Tell you what, princess. Why don't we split, you go in first
and I'll follow in a few minutes. No one will know that we're
together, and it'll blow their minds."
 Lisa laughed and her voice took on a raunchy, lewd cast.
 "It's not their minds I'm going to blow It's their cocks!"
 Bill chuckled as they parted, Lisa striding into the peep
show and going directly to the opening for the movies. Pausing
at the now familiar directory, noticing some of the movies were
two men fucking and sucking. She sensed Bill standing at her
side, looking at the menu, but he quickly walked away.
 Lisa was aware of the males looking at her as she left the
directory, striding with her provocative ass swinging to number
fifteen, the booth she had picked. The familiar light was
illuminated over the door as she arrived, then went out. The
man gave her a startled look as he left the booth.
 She slipped the door latch, fumbled a quarter into the slot,
sitting on the bench. She could see by the light passing
through the cutout holes on each wall that the other booths
were unoccupied now. She thought it would be funny if she was
here to watch or be watched and nobody came, but decided that
sooner or later someone would enter and be her neighbor in
lust.
 On the screen, a couple fucked dog fashion, the camera looked
like it was just inches from their sexual organs, and Lisa
wished Bill could fix their camera to take close up shots like
that, however it was impossible to fit a zoom lens on their
video camera that would work when nobody was there to move the
lens settings.
 The Hole on the right suddenly darkened and Lisa knew someone
had entered the next door booth.
 Her screen went dark as the machine used up her quarter.
 Lisa however could see light reflected from the screen in the
other booth and knelt to peek at a bearded, hairy man standing
in the next booth, his eyes on the screen. He kept rubbing his
groin, but his organ was still inside his pants, bulging the
front, but not visible. Lisa wanted to see his cock.
 She sat back on the bench, fed a quarter to her hungry sex
machine, and thinking about the cock next door while watching
the movie, started her hands under her tight skirt. She pulled
it high around her waist, rolled her panties down, leaving them
at her knees, her lower body naked. She tried opening her legs,
but found her panties bound her legs, and pulled them to her
ankles.
                        ...
