Archive-name: 3plus/lisapokr.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Lisa's Poker Night


I was rather stunned when my girlfriend, Lisa, took yet another
pile of poker chips, and announced that this was boring, and that
she had a better idea. Her idea, she announced to the other
3 guys, was that the loser will be the slave to the others for
the rest of the night.
 
All three of the guys agreed, and I was teased for hedging. I looked
at Lisa with a look of "what the hell are you doing?", but finally
gave the nod. The game continued, the beer flowed, and my luck
continued to be abismal. When I lost my last chip by staying in on
a pair of fives, I wondered what would come of this bet.
 
"We have ourselves a slave!" Lisa announced, as she got up and
left the room. I glanced at Lance, Steve, and Marty and found
them all to be watching Lisa's shapely rear as she left the room.
After an eternity of silence, Lisa returned wearing a short
negligee which only partially covered her tiny white panties.
Her medium sized breasts were sporting stiff nipples which tried to
poke out through the smooth white garment.
 
"Bob, sit in the middle of the floor here, and take off your clothes",
Lisa said firmly. I had never done anything like this before, and I
was already jealous of those guys gawking at my girlfriend, but
there was something very stimulating about the situation. I moved
to the middle of the living room, and uncerimoniously removed my
clothes.
 
"What are you planning to do?" I asked. "Well", Lisa said as she sat
facing me, "you are always jealous of my friends". "I'll bet that you
really fantasize about me having sex with them, and you just won't
admit it". "If you don't get an erection then I'll admit that you
really don't have those fantasies".
 
Lisa motioned for Lance to come closer, as she adjusted herself
to be seated cross-legged. When Lance was about a foot from Lisa, she
reached forward and undid his belt buckle. After pulling the zipper
down, she leaned forward and flicked her tongue at the tuft of hair
just above the elastic of Lance's jockey shorts. "Bob, undress this
man for me", Lisa said, as she drew her knees to her breasts.
 
I stood up, and lifted Lance's t-shirt over his head, then sat again
and took his pants off each leg. I had to admit, that the bulge in
those white shorts sent a tingle down my groin, and I was eager to
see what was underneath. While I pulled the shorts down and off,
Lisa was removing Marty's pants, and Steve took the iniative to undress
himself. Soon, there were three men standing in front of Lisa's pretty
face, with drooping cocks staring her in the face.
 
"Sit back and watch the show, and you had better not get a hardon!"
Lisa said. "Damn", I thought, my cock was already starting to stiffen.
Reaching between Lance's legs, and placing the palm of her hand on
the crack of his ass, Lisa pulled him forward so she could kiss the
pink head of his cock. Soon her lips covered entire cock, and I could
see that she was applying pressure as she pulled her head back exposing
the glistening flesh. It did not take much of this before Lance's
cock was rock hard, and Lisa was sucking on it like a pro and moaning
with pleasure.
 
"Bob, suck Marty's cock until he's hard enough to fuck me", Lisa
demanded, before lifting Lance's swollen cock so she could tease
his large balls with her tongue. Seeing Lisa sitting there with her
head cocked back slightly, with a pair of balls dangling over her
darting tongue made my cock spring to attention. I had never sucked
a cock before, but when Marty held his cock in one hand and guided it
to my mouth, I took it in eagerly. The sensation of feeling that soft
cock harden in my mouth as I swirled my tongue accross the slit in tip
made a drop of precum appear on my stiff rod.
 
"Enough!" Lisa snapped, "Marty, lay down here and let me sit on that
lovely cock". Marty layed down with his feet between Lance's legs, and
Lisa sat and deftly glided his cock into her pussy as she pulled her
skimpy panties to one side. As she engulfed the entire 8 inches inside
of her, Lisa pulled off her negligee and resumed working on Lance with
her mouth. Lisa gyrated her hips, working the cock in and out of her
cunt. I know from experience that she is already soaking wet inside, and
it must feel great for Marty.
 
I heard Lisa slurp as she sucked with wild abandon, until she sensed
something rising in Lance's balls. She proceeded to work just on the
tip of the slippery cock, while she pumped his rocks. When Lance let
out a muffled scream, Lisa's lips suddenly oozed white cream, which
poured down onto her chin. She used the warm cum as an extra
lubricant, as she engulfed the still twitching pole into her mouth
again, and she tightened her lips and pulled back to squeeze out
any remaining cum.
 
Lance went and sat on the couch, as his shiny dick retracted to
a much smaller state. Steve, who had just been standing there getting
hard by watching Lisa, moved closer to allow Lisa the pleasure of his
cock. Before doing anything with Steve's bulging cock, Lisa
intensified her work on Marty's lap. She arched her back and tossed
her long hair back just as Marty bucked his head back and came deep
inside her. After squeezing his cock dry with her skilled cunt muscles,
Lisa slid off and turned around on her knees and licked the cum off
the semi-hard cock lovingly.
 
As I watched Steve position himself behind Lisa, place his long fat
cock into her pink pussy, and start slapping his balls against her
smooth little ass, I knew felt the need for some relief myself.
It couldn't have been more than about 6 strokes, before the hot
cum rose from my balls and spewed out to cover my fingers and drip on
the floor. Shortly after I came, Steve's butt quivered as he pumped
his fluid into Lisa's hungry insides.
 
Lisa looked over at me and said "Was it as good for you as it was
for me?"
 
End of Part one.
