 C h a p t e r  1
 "What I'm trying to explain to you, is the I don't know if I'd
get horny or not. The only other time that I've seen another
man's cock since we got married, was when you brought that
movie projector home with the eight millimeter films that we
watched. I damn sure got horny that night! We couldn't wait to
get into bed, neither of us sleeping until daylight. We were
so fucked out we just laid around most of the day, Sunday!
 "Did looking at cocks before we got married, turn you on?"
 The blonde wife looked at her husband, reflectivily.
 "Well, I guess so."
 "What do you mean, you guess so?"
 "I mean yes! Of course it turned me on. Is that what you
wanted to hear?"
 "I didn't want to hear anything in particular, only the truth.
My point is that nudity can be sexy as hell."
 "Of course it can be sexy as hell, I just don't know if only
looking at just a man's cock would turn me on or not."
 Bill's eyebrows shot up.
 "And that's what I'm trying to explain to you, that how could
you know how your body and mind will act unless you experience
a given set of circumstances. Sometimes, something might sound
exciting, however in the real world, fact and fantasy might be
totally different."
 Lisa grinned back at Bill.
 "And just what have you got planned? The last time you started
this kind of conversation, you brought home a few fuck movies.
Now if the guy was jacking off his cock, and if it was erect,
then it just might get me all turned on!"
 "And, what if he wanted you to do the jacking?" her husband
asked with raised eyebrows.
 The pert blonde housewife grinned impishly at her husband.
 "Now I don't know who's talking about fact, and who's talking
about fantasy. Did you bring another of those films home and if
you did, let's get it out and get it on. To tell you the truth,
all this talking about sex has me just a little turned on. In
fact, it's got me a lot turned on. I'm starting to get damp
just thinking about getting it on tonight."
 "No honey, I didn't bring any film home, but if you're serious
about seeing a film tonight, we can go to that adult theatre on
Alameda Street and watch one, then come back home and make love
and drink brandy again."
 "I don't know if I'd rather make love, or just fuck. Actually,
I think I'd rather fuck, it sounds dirtier! Do they really show
everything in the Adult Movies?"
 "You bet your sweet ass, they show everything. It's not any
different than the eight millimeter films I borrowed and
brought home, except they are feature length films, with color
and sound, like any other movie."
 "Do couples go to those movies?"
 "I think that there's more single men there, or maybe married
men on a night away from their wives, but there are couples,
and once in a while a single lady comes in."
 "So, they only sit there and watch the movies, getting all
sexed up, is that it?"
 "Well, not always. Most of the time there are guys jacking off
in the back row, also sometimes a couple will get so excited
that they make it right there in the theatre."
 "Do you mean the men actually masturbate right there in the
theatre, with their pricks out, with everything showing?"
 "Sure, although it's a little dark for sight seeing."
 "But, what if someone should see them."
 "So what if they did?"
 "Well, I don't know, Bill, but it seems to me that they
wouldn't want anyone seeing them jack off."
 "Not necessarily true, my love. Some of them may get off on
having somebody watch them jack off, while others probably get
off, on watching. Nothing like a little voyeurism to speed up
the old bodily juices."
 "Well, it's speeding up my bodily juices, talking about
watching. I wonder what it would be like, seeing some guy take
his cock out and jack it off in a movie theatre?"
 "As much as you like my cock, you'd probably go bananas,
grabbing hold of it to help."
 "I wonder how many strokes they'd let me take?"
 "How many do you want to take?"
 "Bill, you know me. I never get turned off, so I'd probably
want to pump on the old handle all night long. Jesus, but I'm
getting horny talking about all this illicit sexual action."
 "Well then Lisa, let's get going and watch a couple of guys
jack off."
 "Jesus Bill baby," Lisa groaned, "that turns me on, thinking
about seeing some guys jacking off, so much so that I'd like to
make love right here and now. All of this talking about sex,
gets me excited, but if you want to go to a screw movie, then
why not. I'm game if you are, so give me a few minutes to get
dressed, don't want to wear these Levi's to the show."
 She spun, then turned back to face Bill.
 "Do you really think that some man would jack off with me
watching?"
 "If you don't get ready, you'll never find out, now will you?"
 She rushed from the room, her curvaceous ass undulating as she
almost ran down the hall to the bedroom. Stripping off her
Levi's and sweater, Lisa ran her hands over her brassiered
breasts then removed her white bra. Her luscious breasts
spilled from the brassiere cups, standing out from her
rib cage, quivering pink tipped nipples firm from thinking
about screwing. After all, if she got turned on in the movie,
it would be nice if Bill could touch her nipples.
 She quickly rushed into the shower, lathered her body with
soap suds and hot water, then just as quickly rinsed with cold
water, almost leaping out of the shower to dry, humming
while she rubbed the towel over her body until it glowed from
the cold water rinse and the towel.
 It had worked again. It always worked. Even when Lisa was a
little girl, it had worked. Lisa thought about her power.
 She'd found out when she was very young that if she thought
hard enough about anything that she could influence the end
result and bend the actions of others around to her pleasure.
 It was something like wishing to make it so. If she wished,
she could make almost anything happen. As she'd grown more
experienced, she had refined the techniques she used, until now
she didn't even have to think when she practiced her power.
 Distance seemed to have no effect on her power, it was more a
matter of knowing the person involved. She couldn't cause an
effect on a person she'd personally never met, but if she'd
either seen some one in the past, or at present was in
proximity to the person she'd met, she could make them do
almost anything within reason she desired.
 Even some very foolish things. She would move her thought to
what she called her echo chamber, a hollow between the top of
her spine and the back of her brain. It was here that the
thought process generated, and when she put her thoughts into
words, she could hear an echo of those words from her chamber.
 Whenever she used her power, the lovely female was able to get
her desires met.
 It didn't always work. For instance, it didn't work on
inanimate objects. When she was in her early teens she had
tried to influence both dice and drawing cards from a deck, but
that had never worked for her even later in her life when she'd
tried. People very were easy, while men were particularly easy
for her. When she thought in her echo chamber, the people she
pictured almost always had the thoughts that she'd projected.
 One of the things she could do was make animate objects fit
themselves into her whims. Most of what she'd done in her
past, dealing with animate objects was reflected in herself and
her figure, but it took a long time to sculpt flesh. Her own
contours were a stunning example.
 Her eyes as a child were almost a china blue, it took thinking
about them for every day for a year, to change them into their
now ultra pale, ice blue eyes. The long dark lashes to frame
her eyes were easier. The rest of her body took even longer,
and she was still working on it. From puberty, she'd worked on
her breasts, tummy, thighs, behind, and legs.
 She'd read most of the books on para psychology and none of
them seemed to cover her power. She had no psychic power, she
couldn't foretell any future event, she couldn't make any
inanimate object move, but she could influence people, and also
sculpt her own body.
 Another thing that she could do, was make people do what she
wanted, making them think that it was their idea in the first
place. In that she was most successful. She'd done it early in
the evening when she was feeling most horny, to her husband.
 She'd thought, "I think I'll take that sexy wench of mine to a
fuck movie tonight, get her pussy all wet from finger fucking,
then bring her back here and fuck her brains out."
 Like always, her husband Bill thought that it was his idea and
he'd maneuvered the conversation and talked all around it,
until he'd finally brought up the idea of the two of them going
to a fuck movie.
 It had worked again. Lisa Williams stood nude in front of the
bathroom mirror while she applied her make up. Her mild glowing
complexion required very little help.

