
C h a p t e r    11
 The sexually aroused couple had watched their "Epic Movie",
many times, marveling at the quality of the tape, even though
the video camera had been hidden in the closet of the master
bedroom, and it's ability to capture on tape the sexual antics
of the eight of them during their party.
 Lisa's busy mind has continually worked on her husband. She'd
enjoyed the dinner party and the fucking and sucking following,
beginning to direct her sensual thoughts into Bill's mind at
every opportunity.
 They tried the Alameda theatre again, but it was a bad night
and they were not able to entice any patrons to join them. Lisa
watched a thin man at the end of their row jack off, but he was
evidently not aware of her raised skirt and Bill's fingers in
her pussy, or else was too shy to join them.
 They discussed their next "Adventure", talked over each others
fantasy's, but neither of them came up with a way to get their
dreams on tape, while they still were two weeks away from the
next dinner.
 Lisa's next door neighbor, Penny, was talking to Lisa about
vacation time, and that she would have to put her great dane in
the vets for her two week vacation. Lisa liked the gentle big
dog and offered to take care of him and feed him while Penny
was away.
 "It's no trouble at all, I'll feed him in the morning before I
go to work and play with him at night when I get home. Don't
worry, Penny, it's dumb to leave him at the vets when he'll be
happier here."
                          ..
 Bill, working at the office Saturday when Penny left on her
vacation, Lisa deciding to take the dog for a walk. Excited
about the walk, Dumdum, short for Sir Dumwald of Dumcourt,
pranced and licked Lisa, his tongue lolling from his huge
mouth.
 Walking Dumdum was a pleasure. Lisa had unsnapped the lead and
let him walk with her unattached, when she found he would obey
her commands.
 Rather than take Dumdum home, Lisa kept him for company the
rest of her morning. His cheerful and clownish behavior keeping
her laughing at him. He watched every move she made while she
cleaned up the house and washed dishes. Lisa kept up a steady
one sided conversation with the dog, enjoying his company.
 "I'm going to take a shower, Dumdum," she crooned at him,
"so you'll just have to amuse yourself."
"I wonder if my power would work on animals? I don't ever
remember ever trying to make any animal do what I wanted, but
maybe it could work on Dumdum."
 She got the echo chamber working, "She's a nice lady, I like
her. She rubs my ears nice, she talks to me, and likes me. If
she were a bitch dog I'd fuck her. She smells good, I like her,
I like the way her pussy smells. I'd like to lick her between
her legs. I'll go into the room where she is and lay down on
the floor."
 Lisa stood by the bed, directing her thoughts to the animal,
watching the door, waiting to see if the animal would obey her
mental commands.
                               ..
 Bill's office was practically deserted, with a small staff
still working on Saturday, catching up the paper work still not
finished at the normal end of the working week. His secretary,
Angela, in the outer office, typing up a set of office memo's
while Bill worked on the new budget for his staff.
 Angela, married but sexually very desirable, even though Bill
had coveted her on occasion, he had kept their relationship on
a business only basis.
 Bill leaned back in the high backed chair at his desk, hands
behind his head, propped his feet on the desk and relaxed for a
few minutes, thinking about his lovely sensual blonde wife's
sexual adventures of the past few weeks.
 First the movie theatre, then the party. It almost blew his
mind to find how much fun it was having sex and games with his
blonde wife, including their casual sexual conquests.
 He'd found that he was thinking more about sex now than ever
before, even planning how to get into sexual situations with
others, including his wife in the actions.
 Thinking about the party, brought his cock to attention, hot
and throbbing in the tight confines of his slacks, glancing at
the closed door of his office, regretting that the office had
no lock on the door, but hearing the typewriter clattering
outside the door, Bill opened his slacks, pulling his cock
free.
 Slowly moving his hand up and down the turgid length of his
shaft, masturbating while thinking and day dreaming of the orgy
at their home, Bill's fist moved over the swollen length of his
erect and leaking cock.
                               ..
 Dumdum entered the bedroom door, his broad muzzle pushing
at the door, opening it to his entrance. Lisa puzzled with
wonder. Had the animal really read her thoughts, or had he
come into the bathroom to be near her.
 They walked in the bedroom, Dumdum happy to be with her, Lisa
also pleased with his happy antics. She talked to him as she
started to remove her clothing. When she reached behind her
back to unfasten her brassiere, in that graceful and yet
awkward movement women use, Dumdum was looking at her breasts.
Lisa looked at his big brown eyes and told him that dogs are
not interested in tits, however, when she rolled her panties
down, Dumdum stared at her pubic region, with a hungry look,
his great jaw has snapped shut as her pussy came into view, his
level stare centered on her cunt.
 Lisa tilted her pretty head to one side, speaking to the big
dog.
 "Well, Dumdum. Do you think I have a good figure? Are my tits
good enough for you? If you don't care for my titties, maybe
you'll like my pussy instead. Do you like pussy Dumdum?  Lisa
moved her hand to entangle the curls framing her pussy, running
them through her fingers, head tilted, watching the big dog
watching her.
 "That's her cunt, where she has her front paw. It's just like
a bitch cunt. I'd like to lick it."
 The great dane jumped, his eyes level with her, then began
prancing around to jump around upon her freshly made bed, tail
wagging, body bouncing.
 "Get off that bed this instant!", She scolded the dog, as he
jumped down with a woe begone expression, down on his fore
legs, his rump high in the air, he lay looking at her sadly.
 "All right clown, I'm not mad at you, come here and I'll love
you."
 Dumdum laid his head in her lap while she sat on the edge of
the bed, his rolling eyes looking up at her as she hugged the
huge head. His tongue lapped at her thigh, dog kisses, then
lowering his head snuffled at the curly hair of her crotch, his
nose deep pressed to her pussy, his tongue lapped at the
opening.
                             ..
 Bill's fantasy was building, his cock pounding in his slowly
moving hand, his mind a million miles from the office, when he
suddenly realized that he was not alone! A figure stood inside
his office door looking at him, watching him jerking off.
                             ..
 Lisa jumped at the hot, wet tongue and pulled his head away,
losing the battle of strength as he again pushed his nose deep
into her crotch. His pink tongue swathed a furrow over her cunt
leaving sticky saliva glueing the hairs on her pussy together.
The feeling was undescribable, she didn't want Dumdum licking
her pussy, yet it felt so good.
 She experimented by opening her thighs a little wider, while
Dumdum took advantage of the movement to lap even harder at her
cunt.
 "OK Dumdum... So now we both know that you're a great cunt
lapper. Does that taste good?"
 Dumdum's tail wagged at her voice. His busy tongue licking
steadily at her box. Her pussy aroused at the gentle licking,
and Lisa opened her thighs wider until she had spread her legs
wide for his tongue. As her thighs pulled apart her pussy split
open, pink lips visible, while her clit rose to be licked by
the dog's long pink tongue.
 His lapping opened her cunt and his tongue slithered into the
wetness, licking her from the bottom of her pussy to the clit
at the top. Lisa shuddered as his cold nose touched her clit,
but felt an orgasm building. Pulling his head tight to her
cunt, she spasmed and came, holding his huge head centered at
her thighs.
 She let go of his head and lay back on the bed, as she felt
him bound up onto the covers. Smiling, she decided not to make
him get down this time, while his head went again to her cunt.
She placed her feet flat on the bed, knees raised, legs apart,
watching his pink tongue lap at her pussy.
 She placed her fingers to the sides of her pussy, opening it
wider to feel more of his tongue, when she noticed his big
prick.
                             ..
 Angela, Bill's secretary, stood, staring.
 Bill froze, his fist holding his pounding throbbing cock, not
even attempting to hide it, he was so shocked at the sudden
appearance of his secretary catching him in his act of jerking
off his cock.
 Her voice broke the silence.
 "I finished the office memo's Mr. Williams, Is there anything
else you want me to do?" her voice shaky, her eyes glued to his
erect throbbing prick.
 "Uh, I'm sorry Angela, I didn't know you'd come in here, and I
was just carried away with a fantasy. Please excuse me."
 "It's all right Mr. Williams, I'm your secretary, I'm supposed
to do anything to help you in the office. I could help you now,
if you'd like."
 Her lithe figure moved catlike around his desk, stalking, her
eyes fastened to the wet end of his prick, her hand moving to
rest on the edge of the desk only inches from his throbbing
leaky cock.
                               ..
 Lisa lay on the bed, looking up at the dog's hard cock.
 Red and angry looking, it protruded from the furry sheath. She
had never seen a dog's hard cock before, at least not this
close up, while she stared at the pink pointed prick as he
licked her pussy.
 It stuck out of the sheath of skin and fur at the base of his
belly, his balls tight and black were about the size of tennis
balls, and just as fuzzy. His cock was a pretty shade of
pinkish red, wet with the secretions of his sex.
 His veins stood out just like a man's prick. The extended sex
organ did not have a mushroom headed glans, instead, it