From - Fri Feb 21 02:40:34 1997
Path: nntp.earthlink.net!mr.net!www.nntp.primenet.com!nntp.primenet.com!ddsw1!news.mcs.net!hammer.uoregon.edu!zephyr.texoma.net!uunet!in3.uu.net!199.79.199.5!news.kersur.net!not-for-mail
From: MilfordW@worcester.net (Milford Whittemore)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: STORY: The Little Elf, A Fairy Tale
Date: Mon, 17 Feb 1997 02:21:52 GMT
Organization: Kersur Technologies
Lines: 120
Message-ID: <3307c073.35435572@news.kersur.net>
Reply-To: MilfordW@worcester.net
NNTP-Posting-Host: dialup300.kersur.net
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent .99e/16.227



                                       The Little Elf

                                          A Fairy Tale

                                        by Milford Whittemore


Once upon a time, in a forest far far away, there lived an elf. He was
a lonely little creature. He lived all alone. He was very old,
yet he was quite spry for his age. He lived in a cabin that he built
himself out of small twigs and stones and other things he could
find around the forest. He was a creative little shrimp who lived the
life of a hermit in total solitude, never having the company of
another soul.

He had a morning ritual he would follow every day. He would rise at
the first light of dawn through his window. He would get
up and squint in the general direction of the sun, wipe the sleep from
his eyes and head out the door before breakfast.

He would walk around for quite awhile searching for a suitable tree.
When he found the tree he was searching for he would
piss on the trunk. When he was finished he would climb up as high as
he could. When he could climb no higher he would sit on
the narrowest branch he could find. He would sit for several minutes
and meditate. When he was finished meditating he would
think about sex. This would make him very horny and frustrated. He
would begin to gnaw on the branch he was sitting on.
Soon the branch became weak. Without much delay the branch would break
and the little elf would come crashing down on
his ass. This would piss off the little elf. He would spit, curse and
brush himself off and head back to the cabin, no worse for
wear.

Having his morning before breakfast ritual completed he could now make
himself breakfast. The little elf's breakfast usually
consisted off things he could find around the forest. Things such as
Pine Needle Soup, Tree Bark Pie, Oak Leaf Quiche and for
dessert, Possum Terd Pudding. Elves have strange taste.

It was a wonder the little elf did not go stir crazy. He would go for
many years without seeing any body, not even himself. He
had no mirror so he had no idea what he even looked like. When he got
horny enough he would go to a special place where a
special tree grew. This particular tree grew very strangely. It curved
in such a way that it resembled a woman's proportions. He
would gaze at it, fantasize and finally, whack off all over it. He
would wait till after it rained to do this again so he was sure it
was clean the next time.

There lived a Princess in a Kingdom not too far from where the little
elf lived. She was extraordinarily beautiful. She had golden
blonde hair, milky white flesh and bodacious tah-tahs. Every portion
of her was without blemish. Although she was physically
perfect she had a mean temper. It would take her awhile to become
pissed, when she did, lookout.

She lived in the highest room in the tower of the castle. Her father,
the King, would keep her locked up most of the time. He
would let her out for meals and an occasional public appearance. She
may have had that mean disposition because of the
medieval chastity belt she was forced to wear. It was incredibly
uncomfortable and very cold when it was first put on or in
chilly weather. The King was also inventor of the chastity bra. This
prevented anyone from accidentally feeling up the princess.
This also pissed off the Princess. Sometimes she would want somebody
to cop a feel by accident. She felt like she was being
brought up in chains. Yes, sometimes the King would use chains.

One day, after the princess' bath, she decided to take a walk through
the forest. This was one of the few occasions she did not
have to wear her chastity things so she decided to take advantage. She
did not care that her father, The King, would be pissed.
This was her way of rebelling against authority.

When she decided to take her walk she did not have her own clothes.
There weren't any of her own at her bath since her maid
hadn't brought them to her yet. So she grabbed a skirt and blouse that
happened to be left there by someone else. She had no
bra or panties on. She rather liked this. For once she didn't have to
wear any steel. She felt a new sense of freedom.

It was early in the morning and the Princess was having a day of new
sensations. Everything she touched was a new experience
for her. She was totally in awe.

Suddenly, an elf fell out of a tree at her feet. She looked down at
him not knowing what to say. He got up, cursed, spit and
brushed himself off. He looked up her skirt because he was short
enough that he could and being the horny fuck that he was
asked, "Hey, do you shave your legs all the way up..." He glanced
further and added, "To your armpits?"

That comment really pissed off the Princess. She grabbed him by both
legs, swung him around her head and flung him over a
nearby cliff killing him on impact. She brushed off her hands and
headed back to the castle. She now looked forward to getting
into her steel entrapments.

                                            The End

This particular story has no moral that I know of. I think there might
be one though. Let me know if you think of one. My brain
hurts right now, I cannot think anymore.

                                         Milford Whittemore

PS. Stay tuned for more BILLY BURLAP stories. I just thought you could
use a break from the same old shit. 

See more at:

http://www.worcester.net/milfie

E-mail comments to:

MilfordW@worcester.net

