Archive-name: Family/litesout.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Lights Out


                                Chapter One

        Sally Stewart was standing at the bedroom window, looking out at
the threatening sky.  She had just taken a bath and was wearing only a
frilly, semi-transparent dressing gown, the lush curves of her voluptuous
body visible through the clinging, silken material.
        Her husband, Jordan, was changing his clothing across the room.  As
he dropped his trousers, he gazed at his sexy wife, outlined in the window,
and his cock began to stiffen.
        "I hope the storm holds off until Mary gets here," Sally remarked,
looking dubiously at the dark clouds whipping across the sky.
        The Stewart family lived in an old, rambling country house and
Sally's sister, Mary, was coming to spend the weekend with them.  Sally
hoped that she got there before the storm broke, making driving difficult
at best and possibly washing out the rural road.  She was really looking
forward to her younger sister's visit.  Sally and Mary, as well as being
siblings, had always been very, very good friends.
        Lots better friends than her husband knew.

                                - - - - -

        Jordan paused, naked, about to step into his pants and then
halting.  He looked down at his rising cock and grinned wryly.  Then he
looked at Sally again.  The silk gown was molded to the heart-shaped sweep
of her splendid ass and fell like a waterfall from her heavy breasts.  The
twin peaks of her nipples poked out stiffly.
        He moved silently toward her, cock first.
        A lightning bolt shot across the leaden sky, thunder crashed and
the electric lights flickered.
        "Oh dear-I hope we have enough candles," Sally said, not yet aware
that her husband was stalking her, his prick out before him like the prow
of a ship.
        His cockhead was hot now, glowing like a lightbulb.  If they didn't
have any candles, he thought, with a lewd grin, he could always light the
way with his cock.
        Sally leaned on the window sill, and as she did so her slender ass
hiked up invitingly.
        Jordan lifted the hem of her dressing gown and pressed his stiff
cock against the cheek of her ass.
        "Ummmm," she sighed, automatically, rubbing back against that
smoking hot prick.  It felt like a branding iron searing her smooth, firm
flesh.
        He dipped at the knees and his iron-hard prick slid down the crack
of her ass and then probed into her crotch, the tip already starting to
drip.  Trickles of milky pre-cum ran down the insides of her thighs.
        "Oh, Jordan-the kids-" she protested.
        They had two teenaged children.  Roger was blessed with his daddy's
physique, and Tabetha-known as Tabby-was nubile, already showing signs that
she would take after her curvaceous mother.
        "It's okay-they're downstairs," Jordan grated.  "We've got time for
a quick knee trembler, honey."
        Sally smiled, seeing her image smile, reflected in the darkening
glass of the window.  Sally had never been known to turn down a fuck.
        "Not to quick," she whispered.
        Jordan chuckled, delighted as always by his insatiable wife's
appetite for cock.  Sally hiked her ass higher and braced her hands on the
window ledge, grinding her hips.  Jordan dipped a bit lower so that his
cock was angled up, the fat knob nudging into her juicy pussy.
        She wriggled and squirmed, purring with pleasure.  Jordan made his
cock muscles jerk and the swollen head flared thrillingly in her soaking
pussy.
        He didn't shove it up her yet, enjoying the preliminary contact and
stirring the heated slab of his cockhead around in her creamy cunt.  He
nuzzled her neck and nibbled lovingly at her ear.  She was all scented from
her bath oils and, he could detect the pungent fragrance drifting up out of
her hot, wet pussy.
        Thighs starting to tremble, Jordan inched a bit more prick up into
her cunt.  Her pink pussy lips sucked and his wedge-shaped knob vanished
inside.  The pliable folds collared his thick stalk just below that
throbbing hunk of purple cockhead.  He could feel her swollen clit pulse
against his cockstalk.
        He held her by the hips and very slowly sank his long prick up into
her pussy.  Sally whimpered, starting to pant like a bitch in heat.  Her
whole lush body was beginning to vibrate as he fed his cock deeper into her
loins.
        With a sudden jolt, he buried his cock balls-deep into Sally's
smoldering pussy.  Her ass tilted up and she tightened her grip on the
window sill, rising up onto her tiptoes as his huge prick stuffed her to
the brim.
        Jordan held the full penetration for a few moments, savoring the
pleasure of having every inch of his smoking cock enveloped in wet,
clinging pussy and letting Sally enjoy the feeling of having her cunthole
stuffed to the core.
        His bloated balls were wedged into her groin and his knob flared in
the depths.  She moaned, feeling that fiery prick pulse.  It was as if she
had a lump of red hot iron smoldering away in her cunt, while his iron hard
cockstalk was pumping like a heated crowbar in the tunnel.
        She took one hand away from the window ledge and reached down into
her vee, fondling his balls.  She squeezed gently, feeling his cum load
slosh around inside them.
        Jordan's hands slid up her flanks and encircled her torso, cupping
the heavy globes of her tits.  Her nipples swelled in his palms as he
kneaded the tit mounds.  Then he pulled on those stiff peaks, tantalizing
her.
        Now, with a cuntful of big cock and the happy prospect of a load of
hot, thick juice from those swollen balls, Sally didn't give a damn if the
kids were listening or not--didn't even care about her sexy sister's
arrival.  She began to jerk up and down, frigging her cunthole on his
towering cock even before he started to hump.
        "Fuck-fuck-fuck-" she wailed.
        Her shapely ass churned and her gently rounded belly pumped.  Her
hips were working like pistons.  She had an hourglass figure and lust was
running through that figure like the sands of time.
        Jordan groaned as her talented pussy went to work on his buried
cock.  The inner rings contracted, running up his prick, rippling from root
to knob.  It felt as if she had a fist inside her belly, frigging him off.
        He began to feed the cockmeat to her furiously then, whipping his
cock out until only the fat head was lodged in her pussy, pausing for an
instant, then shoveling back in to the hilt.  His balls swung in and out
like the clappers of a hairy bell, rolling up into her bushy cunt mound on
the in-stroke, whacking against her with a dull, solid sound.
        Sally met him counterpoint.  Thighs tensing, she rose onto her toes
as he withdrew.  Then she dropped her cunt down onto his prick as he
plunged up and in.
        "Ohhhhh-oooooh-" she gasped, in rapture, feeling his thick prick
fill her cunt, hearing that heated rod hiss in and out of her.  Her pussy
flooded with juice and as his fat cock filled her, the pearly nectar
bubbled from her cunt and dribbled down her legs.  His swinging balls were
drenched with her seepage.
        Jordan pounded in, rising towards the blissful crest, his load set
to erupt.  Sally corkscrewed down, stuffing her pussy onto his prick,
taking it as far up into her cunt as the long cock would reach.
        Dimly, through misty eyes, she was aware that the storm had broken.
 Lightning flashed like orgasms and thunder rumbled like rutting bulls.
        The lights flickered again.
        Sally's eyelashes were flickering, too.  She felt as if that wild
storm was raging inside her loins.  Rain slashed at the windowpane and ran
down the glass and Sally's cunt juices ran down her sleek thighs in a
torrent of its own.
        Jordan grunted like a beast and she felt his plunging prick expand
and jolt savagely.
        "Yeah-yeah-cum in me, darling!" she wailed.
        Cumming herself, the horny woman yearned to feel his hot jism hose
her creaming cunt.
        "Here it comes, honey!" he rasped.
        He slammed his cock into her cunt and his balls exploded violently.
 His fuckjuice came rocketing up through his prick and spurted into her
cunt core, hot and thick as melted lead.  Sally jerked spasmodically as he
pumped in, hosing her with spurt after spurt.  She could feel each jet as
it spilled out into her melting pussy, and each time he pumped more cum
into her, her pussy creamed again.
        As last he faltered, his balls slack and drained.  His strokes
slowed and became jerky, then stopped and he clung, panting, to her
shoulders.
        Sally squirmed around on his spend cock for a few more moments,
working her own cumming off.  Then, smiling blissfully, she lay her head
back on his shoulder, purring.
        "What a lovely fuck," she sighed.
        Jordan grinned, wobbling a little.  They didn't call them knee
tremblers for nothing.  He drew his cock out and stepped unsteadily back. 
His balls were deflated and his cock looped out from his loins in a meaty
bow, only semi-hard now, but still big and impressive.
        And again the lights flickered and dimmed.


                                Chapter Two

        Mary's car turned into the drive, headlights faint in the grim,
overcast light.  Sally pulled her dressing gown down and rushed out to
greet her sister.  She hadn't mopped her cunt and a few drops of spunk
glistened on the floor in her wake, like a handful of scattered pearls.
        Jordan stepped up to the window, his prick still looping out half
hard.  The car door opened and Mary jumped out and ran toward the house. 
The rain was coming down so heavily now that she was soaked within a few
strides.  She was wearing a clinging cotton dress with a scooped neckline,
the hem short.  As she ran, her naked, suntanned thighs flashed and her
heavy tits bounced tantalizingly.  The wet cotton was molded to her
delectable body like it had been painted on.  Her big nipples were standing
out like high caliber bullets.
        Like her older sister, Mary was a tawny-blonde with jade green eyes
and a wide, sensual mouth and she was built like a brick shit house, narrow
waisted between the lush mounds of her fat tits and firm, solid haunches. 
Her curvy charms were well-revealed in the damp, skimpy dress.
        It was evident that she wore no bra by the way her nipples stood
out in such prominent peaks, and as her dress plastered to her loins,
Jordan thought that, for an instant, he had seen the shadowed outline of
her hairy vee.
        Jordan's eyes glinted as he stared down at her.  His semi-stiff
cock gave a lurch, then began to snap, rising up to a new hard-on in a
series of jolts.
        He has always had the hots for his sister-in-law and now, as she
vanished under the porch roof, Jordan shook his head and grinned ruefully. 
He stepped back from the window and continued the pleasantly interrupted
act of changing his clothes.  He had some difficulty levering his hard
prick into his pants and it bulged quite obviously in his crotch once it
had been zippered in.  He toyed with the idea of jacking off to reduce the
swelling and lessen the pressure.  But it seemed an awful waste of spunk,
since he had an adorable wife with an ever-ready cunt and he resigned
himself to suffering a stiff cock for awhile, knowing that his wife would
want to spend some time chatting with her sister before she was available
to empty his balls into again.  Jordan was thinking that the next time he
fucked Sally, he would make believe he was fucking her sister.
        Mary came in, dripping, and Sally embraced her.
        Tabby and Roger came into the hallway to say hello to their
favorite aunt and she looked them over, seeming surprised at how much they
had grown and matured since her last visit.  Roger was a handsome young man
now, his tight-fitting jeans proof that he was well hung in denim
bas-relief.  Tabby had become a very sexy and nubile teenager, with the
sort of body that must have already inspired countless handjobs as the boys
in her class at school pumped away and pretended that their flying fists
were Tabby's pussy.
        Jordan came down the stairs and the lump in his pants was not lost
on Mary, either, as they greeted one another with an affectionate kiss.
        Then, the welcoming over, Sally said, "You're soaking, Sis-I'll
show you to your room and you can get changed into some dry clothes and
then we can have a nice little talk."
        As she said this, Sally regarded her sister meaningfully and a
faint blush crept over Mary's lovely face.
        Hand in hand, the two voluptuous sisters went upstairs together,
gazing affectionately at one another.  Had they not been sisters, they
would have had the air of lovers, Jordan mused.  But, being sisters, that
was impossible-or so he was inclined to think.
        Jordan went into the study, where he made himself a drink and sat
contemplating his crotch and looking forward to sinking his cock into
Sally's pussy again, while he fantasized that she was her sister.  The load
in his balls was getting heavier with every passing thought.
        Tabby returned to the television room, where she had been watching
a romantic miniseries on the TV and casually playing with her hot little
pussy.
        Roger went upstairs to his own room, planning on giving his potent
young prick a good pounding.  The horny youth had been turned on by the
sight of his sexy aunt with her wet dress so tightly clinging to her ripe
curves, nipples poking out saucily and the vee of her cunt mound faintly
showing through the light cotton material.  When she had kissed him, those
fat tits had brushed against his chest and so much blood had rushed into
his cock that the boy became lightheaded.
        Passing the guestroom, Roger heard his mother and aunt talking and
saw that the door was closed.  He figured they would be occupied-by
conversation, was what he thought-for some time, and it gave the randy lad
an idea.  Instead of going into his own room, he moved silently down to his
parents' bedroom.  He often went there to jerk off when he had the chance. 
He opened the dresser drawer and began to rummage around through his mom's
sexy underwear, looking for some tantalizing bra or bikini panties or
garterbelt that he could wrap around his prick as he beat his cock to foam.
        In the guest room, Mary drew the soaking dress over her head.  She
wasn't wearing anything underneath it.  Her tits stood firm, not needing
support, the nipples standing out like little rosy rockets ready to be
launched.  Her cunt mound was a curly, tangled vee spreading up her lower
belly in a golden filigree.
        Sally gazed at her younger sister's magnificently curved body in
open admiration.  Mary stood as if posing for an audience, smiling
slightly.  Her slender back was arched and her big tits thrust out.
        After a moment, Sally fetched a big, fluffy bathtowel and began to
dry her sister's naked body.  She rubbed her back and flanks, then her
belly.  Mary just stood there, making a faint purring sound, eyes
half-closed.
        Sally dried her tits, feeling the nipples swell under the towel. 
Then she sank to her knees and began to dry Mary's shapely legs, working up
her thighs.
        "There-you're dry now," Sally said, leaning back and looking up at
her sibling's face.
        "Not quite," Mary said.
        Sally raised her eyebrows.
        "I'm still wet between the legs," Mary whispered.
        "Ooooooh," her sister sighed.
        "Wet-and awful hot-" Mary added.
        "It's been so long," Sally moaned.
        "Too long," Mary replied.
        As teenagers, the sisters had shared a bedroom and, in due course,
a bed.  It had started as simply affectionate fondling, moved on to petting
and necking and, finally, they had become incestuous lesbian lovers.
        Neither was a dyke by any means and neither had ever wanted to go
to bed with any other girl, but their sisterly sex had been heavenly.  They
looked a great deal alike and fucking each other was almost like fucking
themselves-mirror imaged in mutual masturbation.  They still looked forward
to being together.
        Sally glanced at the door, then nodded toward the bed, her pretty
face radiant with expectation.
        Mary sighed and moved to the bed, sitting on the edge.  Sally sat
beside her.  Twisting from the waist, they kissed.  It was a far different
kiss than they had greeted each other with in the downstairs hallway. 
Their sensual mouths ground together and they swapped tongues and saliva. 
Mary's tongue shot into Sally's lips and Sally sucked adoringly on it. 
Then Sally's tongue flickered into Mary's mouth, fluttering around as if
she were getting it limbered up.  She licked at Mary's lips as if to
demonstrate how that nimble tongue would soon be stabbing into the woman's
steaming pussy.
        They began feeling each other's tits, then arched and rubbed the
firm tit mounds together, nipples brushing.  Their lips locked again and
they panted and whimpered into each other's mouths, rubbing sinuously
together.
        Mary's hand slid down and cupped her sister's bushy cunt mound,
fingers dipping into her crotch.
        "Oooooh-you're soaking," she purred.
        Sally grinned impishly.  "Jordan just finished fucking me when you
arrived."
        "Ummmm-what a yummy thought," the younger sister sighed.  "Can I
suck his cum out of you, Sis?"
        It was a rhetorical question, of course.  The only decision they
ever had to make was who was going to eat out whom first?  Nor did it
matter, for both of these cuntlapping sisters enjoyed both ends of the act
equally.
        Sally dropped her head, blonde hair tumbling, and began to lick and
suck her sister's tits.  She tongued up the deep, smooth cleavage and
nuzzled the taut nipples.  Mary moaned, cradling Sally's face to he tits,
her nipples like detonator caps in Sally's adoring lips.
        After a few minutes, she leaned back and Mary dove on her tits, in
turn.  Both sibling were squirming, getting hotter by the moment.  Their
mouths were drooling and their cunts were steaming.  Their mouths and
pussies were interchangeable, tongues as horny as clits.
        Sally slid from the edge of the bed and sank slowly down to the
floor.  Her hungry face hovered between Mary's thighs and she licked her
lips.  Mary sighed and leaned back, spreading her legs wider.
        For awhile, Sally simply stared at her sister's succulent looking
cunt, her mouth watering heavily as she anticipated that juicy feast. 
Mary's cuntslot was opened into a wide oval, the pink folds fluttering, her
stiff clit standing out like an erect nipple.  She was flooded with
cuntjuice and trickles of the milky nectar were running down her crotch and
seeping into the crack of her ass.
        Sally's nostrils flared as she inhaled the heated fragrance of her
sister's cunt, gazing at it like a hungry child at a candystore window. 
Her tongue felt bloated and tingling, sliding around in a mouthful of
drool.
        Sally was yearning to get her tongue up that creamy cunt, but was
lingering over the approach, like a master chef waiting for the subtle
sauces to blend to perfection.  She blew on Mary's pussy like a girl scout
coaxing a smoldering ember to burst into flames.  More juice bubbled into
the open cunt and lathered Mary's groin.
        Turning her face, Sally licked up the sleek flesh of Mary's inner
thigh, tasting the seepage that had run down that marble column.  She
turned the other way and lapped up Mary's opposite leg, pausing just short
of her crotch.
        Mary rocked back and forth, murmuring and whimpering in
anticipation, eager for her hot-tongued sibling to start working on her
foaming cunt and incandescent clit.  Her own tongue and lips were working,
as if echoing the oral caress she was about to receive.
        The lights dimmed.
        Lightning ran through the sky and flashed at the window, silver
bands running down Mary's quivering body like an external reflection of the
lust running inside her.
        "Suck me-suck my cunt-" she pleaded.
        Sally's tongue slid up the crease where Mary's lush thighs joined
her crotch, lapping alongside her steaming cunt but still not making the
contact for which they were both burning-teasing Mary's clit and her own
tongue.
        "Tonguefuck me, Sis-I'm so fucking hot!"
        Sally moved higher and her wet tongue rustled through her sister's
luxuriant blonde bush like a moist pink rodent scampering through a sunny
thicket.
        Her saliva foamed into Mary's hairy triangle and dribbled down into
her groin.  Mary's cunt was so fiery hot now that her sister's saliva
sizzled and steamed from her cunt.  Her open slot was volcanic, juices
oozing out.
        Mary jerked, tilting her pelvis up, serving her pussy to her
sibling's face like a delicate pink shellfish offered on a hairy tray.
        Sally moaned and ducked down, tongue flashing like the lightning
webbed through the heavens-and in seventh heaven, herself, as she commenced
to feed.
        She licked Mary's throbbing clit and lapped up her soaking
cuntlips, then stabbed her tongue as far up into the smoldering slot as it
would extend.  She began to push it in and pull it out in a frenzied
tonguefucking motion.  Mary squirmed and jolted with the joy of it.
        "Ummmmm-yeah-yeah-that's it-" Mary gasped, grinding her cunt in
Sally's eager face convulsively.
        Sally's hot tongue flailed and flashed as she slurped around
hungrily in her sister's groin.  She rose up for a moment, smiling up at
Mary's lust-twisted face, her lips all creamy.  She shoved her tits in and
massaged them around in Mary's wide spread crotch, her nipples brushing the
other women's clit.  Then she dropped her head back down and started to
munch her sister's cunt again, in a feeding frenzy.
        Mary's trembling thighs clamped around Sally's head in a velvet
vise.  Then she threw them wide apart again, giving Sally her pussy spread
open.
        Sally had been using only her tingling tongue so far, but now she
clamped her parted lips on Mary's cunt and began to suck ravenously.  Her
tawny head turned as she ground her face in the swampy grotto, whimpering
with cuntlapper's ecstasy.  Her lips were plastered to Mary's cuntlips like
a suction cup to a clogged drain and as she suckled on the juicy slot she
shot her tongue in and out of the hole.
        Sally's head jerked like a terrier shaking a juicy rat and Mary
churned on the edge of the mattress, mopping her pussy into her sister's
face frantically.
        Sally slid down lower in Mary's crotch.  Her tongue pushed out and
she began to lap up the overflow that had seeped into the crack of the
younger girl's ass.  Then she started to lick with long, slurping strokes. 
Her tongue dipped into Mary's asscrack, dragged on up through her creamy
slot, flicked across her clit and wound up in her cunt bush.
        "Gonna cum-gonna fucking cream-" Mary wailed.
        Sally glued her mouth to Mary's cunt again.  Her hands moved back
and cupped Mary under the firm cheeks of her ass, lifting her higher, as if
her gooey groin were a brimming goblet she was draining to the sweet dregs.
        Mary's head tipped back, her face twisting from side to side, her
parted lips panting.
        "Cum-cum-cum-" Sally whimpered, yearning to have her sister melt in
her mouth.
        Mary's voluptuous body rippled and vibrated.  Her hot flesh was
glowing in the dim light.  The waves of joy came rushing across her belly
and shooting like electric current up her trembling thighs.
        Her cream spilled onto Sally's tongue and bubbled past her gasping lips.
        Then the lights went out.


                                Chapter Three

        Sally needed no light to finish the tasty task-taste, touch and
scent were more than enough.  Her tongue splashed into a tide of juices as
she stabbed it up Mary's slot and her lips sucked hungrily.  Her mouth
filled with cum, she gulped it down, and more flooded her mouth.
        Sally sucked and swallowed, swallowed and sucked.
        Mary cried out as the crashing waves soared to the highest peak,
each spasm rushing upon the next, then merging into one tidal crest.  Her
clit was exploding like a stick of dynamite and her cunt core melted.
        "Ummm-ummmmm-ummmmm," Sally purred, as she ingested the succulent
incest oil.
        Her busy tongue whisked and flailed and her hungry lips gulped and
gurgled.  Mary's cunt was so flooded now that her sister's tongue was
floating as it delved up into her slot, like a raft in a bubbling swamp.
        Her face slid around, coated with cream from forehead to chin. 
Mary shuddered and shook, then dropped back across the bed, gasping.  Her
sister kept on lapping away, licking the platter clean and nursing the last
drops of Mary's hot juice out from the soaking slot.
        "More-don't stop-feed me more-" Sally begged, the words muffled on
cunt and bubbling in the sodden echo chamber of her sister's loins.
        Mary twitched with one last spasm and Sally greedily milked the
final seepage out and drank it with relish.  She licked a bit longer,
gathering up the errant pussy juice that had escaped into Mary's asscrack
and down her thighs.  Then she raised her head, her jaws dripping.
        The lights were out, but the room flashed into alternative
brilliance and darkness as the lightning forked and branched outside the
window.  Mary's lush body glowed like marble as the storm flashed, then
sank into soft shadow.  Sally sat back, licking her drenched lips.
        "Ohhhh-that was lovely," Mary purred.
        "Wanna cream again?" greedy Sally asked.
        She was perfectly happy to spend hours feeding between those golden
thighs.
        But Mary giggled and rasped, "No-not yet.  I wanna do you now, Sis.
 My fucking tongue is so hot that I think it's gonna melt!"
        Sally grinned happily and slid back onto the bed.  She leaned over
her sister, fat tits swinging like overripe fruit ready to be plucked.  She
kissed Mary on the lips and slipped her tongue out, letting Mary whet her
appetite as she tasted her own cum on her sister's tongue.
        "Ummmm-sit on my face, Sis-" Mary sighed.
        She had been sucked off so dynamically that her body felt lazy. 
She wanted to relax there on her back, using only her mouth as Sally rode
in the saddle of her face.
        Sally was about to mount that golden head, but then she paused. 
When she was eating pussy, her head buried, she needed no illumination, but
when her sexy sister was sucking her off, Sally liked to be able to see the
juicy details, the sight of sibling sucking enhancing the sensation.
        "Wait a minute-I wanna get a candle," she said.
        "You gonna fuck me with it?" Mary giggled.
        "I might.  But first I'm gonna light it so I can watch you gobble
my cunt."
        "How romantic," Mary sighed.
        "Yeah-cuntlapping by candlelight!" Sally chirped, and both pussy
eaters laughed.
        But there were no candles in the guest room, so Sally had to go
down to her own bedroom to get one.

                                - - - - -

        "Shit," Jordan mumbled, when the lights went out.
        He sat there, his hard-on hammering away in his pants.  If he took
it out, he figured it would be smoldering so brightly that it would light
the room.  He waited, hoping the electricity would come back on.  If it
didn't, he would have to find a candle.
        He knew there were none in the study, but he remembered there was
one in a candlestick holder in the television room.  He decided he would
wait a few minutes and if the lights stayed off he would grope his way to
that room. 

                                - - - - -

        Tabby was annoyed when the television faded out.  She had been
looking at a particularly handsome actor as she played with her cunt and
had been just about to cum.  She needed to finish the job, but Tabby didn't
like to frig off in the dark.  She always got a real kick out of watching
her cum when it spilled out of her pussy.
        Then she remembered the candle right beside her.  She lit it and a
warm, golden circle of illumination spread out from the burning wick.
        But the angle was wrong.  The candle lighted her face and tits, but
left her crotch in shadow.
        The nubile girl placed the candlestick holder down on the floor,
turning toward it.  That was better.  The soft circle of candlelight
perfectly cast itself onto her slim, sleek thighs and fluffy mound.
        She spread her legs and admired her soaking cunt, feeling really
randy now.  The evocative candlelight was even better than the television,
she figured.
        Gazing at her cunt, she fingered her tits and pulled at her stiff
nipples, enjoying the preliminary caressing.  Cunt juice oozed from her
slot, looking like melted pearls seen by the light of the room.
        The sexy little nymphette sighed and moaned.  She ran her
fingertips up the hot insides of her thighs.  Her cuntslot rippled, opening
into a wide oval and revealing the darker inner lips, all streaked with
nectar.  Her pink clit was standing out like a stump in a swamp.
        She ran a fingertip up her cunt and whimpered.
        She brought that slimy finger up to her mouth and licked at it,
then sucked it into her lips and nursed on it as if it were a little prick.
 Tabby adored the taste of her own cuntjuice and had often wondered what it
would be like to suck off another girl's creaming cunt.  Tabby was
certainly not a lesbian and she wondered why it was that the thought of
giving head to a girl made her so horny?
        It never dawned on her that she might have inherited her
cuntlapping inclinations from her mom.
        Squirming deliciously in the chair, Tabby began to work on her
pussy with both hands.  She stroked her cuntlips and fondled her clit, her
ass and hips jerking sinuously.  Then she tilted her wrist and began to
fingerfuck up into her cunt with one hand while she used the other to pull
and roll the tingling bud of her clit.
        Cunt cream soaked her fingers and pooled up in her palms.  Her
pussy was burning hotter than the candle.  She thought she might blister
her fingers as she shoved them up her volcanic cunt.  She bunched all four
fingers together and frigged in knuckle-deep, wriggling them around inside
her tunnel of lust.
        She drew them out and sucked on them, her tongue sparking as the
delicious flavor of cunt juice soaked into her tastebuds.  Her hand went
down, slathered with saliva and dripped into her pussy.  Then it came back
up to her lips, milky with cunt juice, and slid into her mouth.
        Her clit felt ready to explode.  Enjoying this candlelit handjob so
much, Tabby didn't want to end it too soon.  She neglected her clit for a
moment, concentrating on her steaming cunt.  She spread the pink lips open
wide and shoved her fingers in and out, gasping.
        She couldn't hold it back.
        The depths of her cunt were already starting to dissolve and her
clit felt like a blasting cap.  She frigged in and rubbed the button again.
        "Ohhhhh," Tabby moaned, as lust lanced through her.
        She whipped her ass on the cushion and her heels drummed on the
carpet.  She arched her back, hiking her belly up as her cunt foamed on her
hands.
        Her cunt was melting around her fingers like the wax candle around
the flaming wick.  Her clit went off like a machine gun and each time it
exploded more juice seeped out into her tunnel and poured down the tube,
frothing like soapsuds from her steaming cunt.
        Wave after wave ripped through her and spasm followed spasm through
her belly and groin.  She seemed to hover at the crest for a very long
time, her whole nubile body shaking.  Then, with a moan and a sigh, she
slipped from the peak and sank back into her chair, with a dreamy smile on
her face.
        She rubbed and stroked a bit longer, to make sure she was finished,
then she licked her sticky fingers, finding the flavor of her cum even more
scrumptious than the initial seepage had been.  It was hotter and thicker
and creamier.  Her eyelashes fluttered.  She didn't suppose that she would
ever really get a chance to suck a pussy, but if she did she was damned
well not going to stop until it had creamed in her mouth and she got to
drink the precious cum nectar.  Tabby sucked her fingers clean and lapped
up the milky puddles from her palms like a hungry kitten slurping cream
from a saucer.
        It had been a lovely cum, but the sexy little teenager still felt
randy.  She guessed that maybe she was getting too old to be satisfied by
her own hands.  Maybe it was time that she started fucking, she thought.
        And, at that thought, her pussy flared again, as hot as it had been
before she'd frigged off.
        Tabby grinned, feeling very naughty.
        She decided to frig herself off again.

                                - - - - -

        As Tabby fingered herself downstairs, her brother was in the midst
of a cockmeat-beating session in his parent's bedroom.  Roger had pulled
the dresser drawer out and fingered through the sexy lingerie, seeking a
cum cloth.  He held a pair of fragrant panties up to his face and inhaled
deeply, cherishing the lingering perfume of his mother's crotch.
        He licked a big-cupped bra and rubbed his prick in a pair of nylon
stockings.  His knob was beginning to dribble but with so many erotic
garments from which to choose, Roger couldn't make up his mind where to
spill his spunk.
        He sucked on a bra, pretending it was his mom's tit on which he was
nursing.  He stretched a garterbelt over his cock and twanged it, making
his stiff prick hum.  He licked the narrow crotchband of a pair of lacy
black panties, slobbering into them where they had been pressed to his
mother's pussy.
        Then the house was thrown into darkness.
        But Roger could still see the contents of the drawer as the
brilliant lightning flared at the window.  He bent down and buried his face
into the aromatic undergarments, drooling and sniffing and licking.  Unable
to make a selection, the horny youth decided that he would jack off right
there at the open drawer, pumping his fuckjuice in a milky flood right into
the tangled midst of all that exciting lingerie.  The thought that his mon
would be wearing the stuff, not knowing it was coated by his slime,  drove
him wild.  He imagined her squirming into a pair of those tiny little
panties, drawing the crotchband into the vee of her groin.  His congealed
spunk would liquefy again in the heat of her cunt!  His jism would be
soaking right into his mom's pussy!  She would fit her fat tits into a
bra-and her big nipples would be sliding in his spunk!
        Crazed by his incestuous fantasies, Roger folded his fist around
the hilt of his booming prick and, aiming the knob into the open drawer,
started to jerk off.
        He lean body jerked as he fucked his fist.
        And, standing by the dresser, Roger was silhouetted against the
window, where the lightning repeatedly flashed with such electric violence.
 Anyone standing in the doorway would have seen only his outline, in
profile, against the window.
        Which was just what his mother saw when, looking for a candle, she
entered the room.

End of Chapter Three.

