Archive-name: Family/litgrls7.txt
Archive-author: John Doe
Archive-title: Little Girls - 7


*****************************
The Story Continues . . .   *
*****************************

Laura moved in closer with the video camera and focused on Amy.  Her cute 
cherub face was moist with sweat and cum.  A low raspy sound escaped from her 
tiny mouth with each breath.  With the touch of a button, Laura zoomed the 
camera out bringing Amy's full body into view.

Amy's chest showed absolutly no sign of tit.  Her skin was smooth and slightly 
tan.  Her nipples were fair in color and very erect due to the stimulation she 
was receiving.  She only weighed about 70 or 80 pounds and her figure showed 
little sign of hips.  Her pussy was completely hairless and at the moment was 
stretched tightly aroung Tom's Cock.  The contrast between her tiny love pot 
and Tom's large adult cock made Laura quiver.  It was all she could do to 
resisted the urge to drop the camera and bury her fingers into her own 
throbbing cunt.  She knew if she could just hold out a while longer, she would 
have one heluva a tape to enjoy for years! 

Laura focused the camera in tightly on the second grader's cock filled pussy.  
Her skinny legs were spread as far as they would go and the child's hairless 
cuntlips were streched tightly around Tom's two inch thick cock.  Even through 
the black and white view finder Laura could make out a tiny trickle of blood 
that had escaped from Amy's freshly deflowered body. 

Tom now had a little over half of his 6 inch prick squeezed into the little 
7-year-old's tight pussy.  He knew he'd never fit it all inside her, but he 
continued to try anyway.  Just an inch or so more he thought as he began a 
slow rocking motion in an effort to distribute some of the lubrication.  He 
tried this for several minutes but didn't seem to be getting any further.  The 
pressure that Amy's little pussy was putting on his cock was really getting to 
him.  He knew he wouldn't be able to hold on much longer.  With one last try 
of desperation, he pulled his cock out until just the head was inside her, 
then with one quick gentle thrust, sent his throbbing prick deep into her 
childish womb. 

Amy let out a loud grunt as she felt Tom's cock stretch into her tender pussy 
and bump up against her baby cervix.  Her whole body tightened as the tingling 
in her tiny cunt intensified and spread throughout her entire body.  Her 
thoughts were now focused entirly on her throbbing pussy.  She knew from the 
feeling inside her cunt that Tom had completely filled her small cavity.  She 
lifted her head and peered down between her spread legs to take a look.  She 
was amazed to find that there was still a full inch of cock that Tom could not 
fit inside her! 

Tom was in heaven!  One of his hotest fantasies had turned to reality.  His 
cock was inserted as far as it would go into the tiny pussy of this adorable, 
willing 7-year-old girl.  The hot spongy walls of her immature cunt gripped 
tightly around his thick rod as the muscles fought to return to their original 
closed position.  The pressure against his shaft made him groan.  His balls 
ached and his cock felt as if it had doubled in size. 

Amy tilted her head back as Tom began carefully fucking the small child.  He 
started out with short slow movements to her pussy a chance to produce some 
more lubrication.  After half a dozen strokes or so, the dry tight grip began 
to loosen a bit and his swollen cock started to slide easier in and out of her 
tight love channel. 

Out of the corner of my eye I saw something move in the hallway.  I looked up 
to see the face of a cute 6 or 7 year old girl.  I knew I hadn't seen her 
before, but somehow she looked vaguely familiar.  Her hair was short and 
curled under at the ends.  She had a full complement of make-up, lipstick, 
eye-shadow and rouge.  She looked like a miniature prostitute.  She was 
wearing a light blue crotchless teddy loaded with frills and lace.

As I focused my eyes at her crotch, trying to get a glimpes of what I expected 
to be a hairless little pussy, I noticed something sticking out from between 
the crotchless split of the lacy material.  Shit!  It was a little cock!

I looked back up at her face and realized that it wasn't a her, it was JIMMY!  
Christ, what an adorable little girl he made!  I remembered how it felt when I 
donned girls clothing and I envied him.

Shelly recognized Jimmy immediately.  I was pretty sure by now that this was 
not the first time he had been dressed like this.  Hell, with a mother like 
his, I was POSITIVE this was not the first time. 

Shelly took him by the hand and led him over to Amy.  Jimmy just stared as he 
watched Tom's big cock slide in and out of her small body.  Shelly positioned 
Jimmy over Amy's chest, facing her face and lowered him so that his cock was 
touching her open mouth.  Shelly ran her hands all over Jimmy, massaging the 
silky material against his skin causing Jimmy to squeal and squirm.  Shortly, 
Amy realized there was a little cock pointed at her mouth and began 
eagerly sucking on it. 

As Tom neared his orgasm, he increased the length and force of his strokes.  
The pressure in his balls had built to a point where he couldn't hold out any 
longer.  He thrust his cock deep into Amy as the first powerful jet of cum 
raced up the length of his pulsating cock and emptied into her young pussy. 
Almost at the same time, Jimmy's body appeared to tighted up as his little 
cock exploded, spewing what little cum he had into her mouth.  She sucked 
greedily, trying to swallow what she could, but most of it ended up running 
down her cheeks and onto the pillows she was propped upon. 

Amy's whole body started to shake uncontrollably as she felt the hot sperm 
pour into her mouth and soak into her cuntal walls.  The muscles of her small 
pussy began to spasm, instinctivly milking more of Tom's sticky fluid from his 
thick meaty invader.  The warmth imparted into the child's cunt quickly 
spread, encompassing her whole body.  As the peak of her orgasm caught hold, 
her small body became supercharged with strong electrical like pulses starting 
at her pussy and rippling down her quivering limps to her toes and fingertips.  
Every muscle in her body tightened more and more including the muscles in her 
pussy, causing Tom to groan loudly and thrust into her even harder. 

Amy was bouncing around so much that Tom grabbed her slim hips and tried to 
hold the sqirming second grader still while he continued to fuck her.  Her 
pussy was too small to hold much sperm and with each new stream, the previous 
deposit virtually squirted out, thickly coating her smooth pussylips.  Tom 
continued filling her and soon both his cock and Amy's hairless mound were 
both coated liberally with the excess cum. 

Amy reached down with one hand and began smearing the cummy mixture over her 
her body, concentrating on the sensitive nipples of her flat chest.  With the 
other hand, she reached down and tried to stroke the section of cock that Tom 
was unable to fit inside her small 7-year-old hole.

That was enough for me!  I moved over by Amy, grabbing my now erect cock and 
forcefully masterbating it while I reached down with my other hand and tweaked 
on her tiny cummy nipples.  Very quickly, my cock erupted and spewed what 
sperm I had left onto her flat chest and stomach.  

Jimmy was the first to climb off.  He laid down on the floor and several of 
the little girls moved in on him to lick the remaining sperm from his cock.  I 
was on my knees, so I just sat back a bit.  I was totaly out of breath and my 
cock actually hurt from all the action.  Tom let loose with a few more sharp 
thrusts and then collapsed forward onto his hands.  As Tom's cock began to 
shrink the force of Amy's tight pussy muscles forced it out with a slight 
slurping sound.  A large glob of sperm followed shortly afterward with most of 
it remaining at her her hairless opening while a small amount trickled slowly 
down the crack of her ass.

Tom climbed off and fell back against the couch.  His eyes were closed and he 
looked like he had fallen asleep.

I took a good look at Amy.  God what a sight!  Such a lovely little 7-year-old,
silently laying there on a stack of pillows with sperm leaking from both her
mouth and her little pussy at the same time. 

I was extremely glad that Laura was still shooting the video.  This would be 
one to jerkoff to over and over again.  Now however, it was Laura's turn.  I 
took the camera from her and pointed to Amy's crotch.  Her little pussy looked 
well used and was still gaping open somewhat.  A small amount of jism was 
still oozing out and dripping onto the pillows beneath her. 

I started up the video camera as Laura lowered her mouth onto the youngsters 
delicate pussy and buried her fingers deep into her own juicy cunt, bringing 
herself to several orgasms before she was finished. She glanced up and weakly 
smiled into the camera as she slicked her tounge up between the spermy pussy 
lips, gathering the last bit of cum and smearing it around her lips and into 
her mouth.  Amy was dead to the world and didn't even move when Laura's tounge 
grazed past her tiny clit. 

When Laura had gotten all the sperm she could get, she sat back next to her 
ex-husband and snuggled against him closing her eyes and also falling asleep. 
As for me, I set the camera down and found a couple of sleeping youngsters to 
snuggle with and fell asleep too.  After all, if I was going to be able to 
keep this up, I was going to need all the strength I could get! 

--
