Archive-name: Family/litgrls6.txt
Archive-author: John Doe
Archive-title: Little Girls - 6


*****************************
The Story Continues...      *
*****************************

As Tom glanced around the room to see if anyone had heard him, he noticed 
another familiar face.  It was Laura, she was resting her cheek on Amy's small 
ass, stroking her hairless slit with one hand and motioning for him with the 
other. 

Tom's cock strained even more.  He had fantasized about making it with a 7-
year-old for quite awhile.  There were only a few to choose from at the 
'club', and a sophisticated point system was used to determine who got them.  
Tom was building points fairly quickly because he usually took Jimmy along for 
the ladies which earned him extras.  He still had a long way to go before he 
had enough to get on the list.  That reminded him, Jimmy was still outside. 
This was just too good for him to miss out on.  He winked at Laura and went 
out to get Jimmy. 

When Tom and Jimmy returned, Laura just smiled.  This was better than she had 
expected.  She knew that Tom would stop by for Jimmy's kite, but she figured 
that Jimmy want to wait at the park by the public pool.  He and his dad liked 
to watch the young girls in their skimpy swim suits. 

Tom and Jimmy had their clothes off in no time flat.  By this time all the 
girls knew they were there but at this point, nobody cared.  Little Amy was 
still on her elbows and knees with her legs spread wide.  Laura was running 
her finger back and forth across her tiny slit teasing Tom.  Tom wasted no 
time.  This was his chance to fulfill his hotest fantasy and he wasn't about 
to pass it up.  He got onto the floor on his back and slid his head between 
Amy's legs.  Next he grabbed her ass and pulled the childs hairless cunt down 
onto his face.  He began licking and sucking madly, completely lost in lust. 

In the mean time, Samantha and Mandy had nabbed Jimmy and hauled him off to 
the bedroom.  Myself, I was spent for the moment and just barely managed to 
move to a corner of the room where I could rest in peace and watch the show. 

From my vantage point, I could see all the girls except Samantha and Mandy.  I 
wasn't sure what they were doing, but I assumed were fixing Jimmy up like 
Laura did me.  Shelly was on the couch pumping this massive dildo slowly in 
and out of her dripping cunny.  The damn thing must have been a good 6 inches 
long and 2 or three inches across.  She was trying her best to take it all in.  
Her cuntlips stretched tightly around the thick tool, following it inside as 
she pushed and twisted it deep into her young hairless pussy. 

Laura had moved around and was sucking Tom's cock while Tom ate out the young 
second grader.  I could tell Laura was teasing him, bringing him almost to 
climax then stopping.  She knew she should make him cum before he tried to 
fuck Amy.  She was afraid that the intense excitment of the moment would cause 
him to loose it before he even got his cock near her little hole.  On the 
other hand, why spoil his fun, let him shoot all over her and then in her!  As 
excited as he was, he'd probably wouldn't even go soft between. 

Amy had come up off of her elbows and was now on her hands and knees with Tom 
feeding hungrily between her legs.  Her contorted face was still covered with 
my sperm as she grunted and groaned continously.  Her hips were rocking and I 
could see that she was forcefully shoving her hairless mound hard onto Tom's 
sucking mouth.  Her juices were flowing freely and Tom's face and neck were 
wet from the run-off he couldn't swallow. 

Cindy was lying on her stomach with her legs spread wide watching the porno on 
the TV.  On the screen was a 9 or 10-year-old girl leaning over the back of a 
couch.  A man who was about 40 or 45 was busy fucking her in the ass while she 
sucked the cock of another man about the same age. 

Susie, who was also watching the movie, was trying to simulate the screen 
action on Cindy's ass.  Since she didn't have a cock or a spare dildo, she was 
using the only large tool she had... her fist.  Talk about a sight!  They had 
apparently been going at it long enough that Susie was able to fit the most of 
her fingers inside Cindy.  At the same time she was trying to shove her other 
hand into her own puffy slit. 

Both girls were rocking their hips slowly, keeping with the tempo set by the 
youngster on the screen.  I wanted so bad to go over and pull Susie's fingers 
out of Cindy's ass and replace them with my cock.  The thought of filling her 
tight brown hole full of spunk was very exciting.  As stimulating as it was, I 
was just not able to get my cock stiring yet. 

My gaze shifted back over to Tom and Amy.  Laura had moved away and was 
standing in the hall with a video camera taping her Ex and the 7-year-old.  
Tom had flipped Amy onto her back and propped several pillows from bedroom 
under her to raise her honeypot more within reach of his throbbing tool.  At 
the moment he was just staring at her, marveling at the sweet treasure in 
front of him and contemplaning what he was about to do. 

Tom moved forward between Amy's skinny legs.  He took his cock in hand and 
laid it down on top of her pussy, it's underside resting on her hairless 
slit.  Amy began rocking her hips instantly upon contact.  The soft fleshy 
lips of her cunt split apart under the weight of Tom's cock.  The heat from 
her baby cunt was intense.  Tom's groin ached as she continued to rub her 
slippery mound against his throbbing prick. 

Amy reached down with her hands and pressed Tom's cock hard onto her pussy as 
she increased her rocking motion.  It was clear that the little 7-year-old 
wanted Tom's cock inside her as badly as he wanted to put it there.  Her 
rocking increased even more as the underside of Tom's organ tickled her 
sensitive little clit causing her pussy to ache even more.  Each of her upward 
thrusts now sent head of Tom's cock plowing down between her puffy hairless 
pussy lips. 

Tom was trying hard to maintain control but from the look on his face I could 
tell he was about to lose the battle.  Tom knew it too.  He grabbed his cock 
and tried frantically to place it against the entrance of Amy's baby cunt.  
Unfortunately Amy was starting to cum herself and wasn't able to hold her body 
still.  Tom grimaced as several streams of sticky white sperm shot from the 
tip of his cock.  Most of it landed just above her slit and on her belly, but 
somehow he managed to get a few good spurts directly between her swollen 
pussylips. 

Amy had never felt anything like this before.  The sensation of the hot fluid 
between her legs made every muscle in her small body tighten.  She arched her 
back, pushing her virgin pussy forcefully at Tom's spurting cock.  Somehow Tom 
had managed to position his cock at the entrance of her young hole.  The force 
of Amy's thrust, combined with the lubrication of Tom's sperm, allowed the 
head of his cock to disappear into her tiny cunt.  Amy gasped as her small 
pussy stretched to accommodate his invading organ.  She spread her skinny legs 
wider as Tom tried carefully to work his cock further into her narrow passage. 

Little by little Tom's cock continued to squeeze it's way into the squirming 
7-year-old.  Tom reached down with one hand and smeared some of the cum from 
Amy's mound onto his dry shaft.  The entire head of his cock was now hidden 
inside Amy's tight cunt and butting up against her maidenhead. 

Tom paused.  He knew what he needed to do to get past the thin membrane, but 
wasn't quite sure if he was the one that should do it.  It wasn't his 
intention to hurt the girl.  He knew if he continued, it would hurt her more 
than if someone her own age did it.  He thought about Jimmy again.  Maybe he 
should let Jimmy bust her cherry first. 

He started to pull out but Amy had other ideas.  She thrust herself up at him 
hard, driving his cock another quarter inch or so into her.  She winced as her 
virginal barrier gave way, almost making her cry.  Amy stopped moving for a 
momemt or two until the initial pain subsided.  Her cunt still ached, but it 
was an ache of desire.  Every muscle in her hungry young pussy was throbbing, 
every nerve tingling.  Her chest rose and fell heavily.  She was panting and 
out of breath.  All she could hear was the sound of her heart pounding in her 
chest.

--
