From - Sat Jan 18 21:41:19 1997
Path: nntp.earthlink.net!usenet
From: jen_rob_geo@earthlink.net (Angel Starr)
Newsgroups: alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.pre-teen
Subject: Daddy's Little Girl.txt
Date: Sat, 18 Jan 1997 02:34:29 GMT
Organization: Earthlink Network, Inc.
Lines: 76
Message-ID: <32e4369d.1046653@news.earthlink.net>
Reply-To: angelstarr69@juno.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: cust96.max1.san-francisco.ca.ms.uu.net
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent .99f/32.299



Daddy's just come home from a hard days work and he's tired. I'm
playing in my little nighty and panties with my dollies and daddy
comes up and gives me a great big hug. 

"How is my little Angel today?" You say as your  cupping my little
bottom. I like it when daddy touches my botto! 
"GREAT! I had fun at Kindergarten. I did finger apinting and had a
snack and even got to be hall moniter!" I squeal. I move all about
your body my little hips pressing on you thighs and I like how strong
your hands feel. Even when my daddy kisses me its fun cause daddy puts
his tounge in my little mouth.
Well we got to your favorite chair and I sit PLOP right on your lap! I
squirm and move about as you find something to watch on T.V. I like to
feel daddy's thing getting hard. Sometimes it scares me but I know its
okay cause it come from daddy. Turning around I kiss you again and
wiggle my botto about your lap.
"Now angel you know what that does to daddy!" You breath a playfully
give my panty bottom a swap. I giggle and do it some more. 
"Yes daddy can I see your thing again?" I say in a gasp. I know
daddy's thing is big but it's also soft and nice to touch.
"You wanna see my peins? Is that what you want angel?" You breath and
move your hips up against my crotch. I  say "OOO YES!" And with that I
climb of your lap.
I'm sitting on my knees in front of your crotch and watch you slowly
pull your Zipper down. I breath deeply and am really excited. You know
this and tell me to touch myself in my panties. i am already doing
this for you daddy! 
Soon your pants are down and I can see your thing poking out from your
briefs. I slowly begin to touch it and feel how hot it is. I say "OOOH
daddy its so big. Can  I see it now?" And you say yes.
You slowly take your shorts down and BIONG! out sticks your penis. I
gasp and move back a bit. I'm not really afraid but my face was so
close I thought it would hit me! I giggle again as I take it in my
hands. I can't get my little finger all around it but I do like how it
feels. It's warm, hard, and well it's my daddy's!
"Do you remember what we did a few days ago Angel?" You ask as I move
my finger up and down on your penis. I try and remember and then i do.
A few days ago daddy you put your thing in my mouth. It filled me up
and I liked it. It tasted good and I felt very special to you. 
I nodded and said I did. You ask if I want to do that again. I say
"YES!" So slowly, ever so slowly I open my mouth. I have to scoot up a
big closer to get it in. It's so big and at frst I have a hard time
kissing your head. Not cause I don't want too but because it's moving
all about.
When i ease it in my mouth a bit you caress my soft red hair. I like
it when daddy touches me and caresses me. I start to think about when
daddy comes to my bed and kisses me ALL over. This makes me take more
of your penis in my mouth as well as my fingers moving a bit faster in
my panties. You catch onto that and encurage me. "THat's my girl. Play
with yourself as you suck daddy off. You should cum too." At first I
don't know what "cum" means but then I remember that its that nice
cream that comes out of daddy's penis. I don't cum like that you told
me one time but I do squirt my own juice and you say "It's better then
any wine I've had!"
Well I move faster and faster with your thing in my mouth and your
gently pushing more of ti in saying "OOOH that's my little Angel. Suck
daddy off. Suck him good." And I try. We two are moving really fast
and my little hips are jerking about the carpet. My little botto is
bouncing up and down and I'm breathig very hard. You notice this and
smile. As you smile I feel your warm cream hit my tounge and wash down
my throat. OOOh it's so salty and warm. I like it so much. I lick and
suck a little more like you taught me as the last drops come out.
"OOOh darling that was great!" You say as I look up into your eyes.
I'm feelnig warm all over. My little legs are week and I'm very wet
inside my panties. I feel proud that I cum too with my daddy.
I soon am lifted up and as you carry me to the bathroom for my bath
you say. "And what special thing would you like daddy to do Angel?" I
hug you tight and say "Oooh please daddy! Tell me a story." 
So please daddy tell this "little girl" a nice story for when she is
all tucked up in her bed so she can feel good too. 
--
Sweet Kisses,

Angel
