Archive-name: Family/litgrls5.txt
Archive-author: John Doe
Archive-title: Little Girls - 5


*****************************
The Story Continues...      *
*****************************

As the familiar tinglings of orgasm began, I decided it was time find out who 
it was that was mouth fucking me so well.  I had a sneaking suspicion that it 
was Laura, after all she had the most experience and this was one damn good 
cock sucker.  My muscles began to tighten as I grew nearer to orgasm.  I 
opened my eyes and sure enough, there was Laura holding onto my cock with one 
hand, but it wasn't her doing the sucking, it was Amy!

The little second grader was on her hands and knees between my legs.  Her eyes 
were half closed and her mouth was opened as wide as she could get it.  Her 
little head was lowering slowly (with the help of Laura's other hand) as the 
head of my cock dissappeared into her tiny mouth.  She sucked gently and 
lifted her head carefully back off keeping her lips tight as the purple bulb 
at the end of my shaft reappeared.  Her eyes were fixed on mine and when her 
lips cleared my cock completely, she smiled at me and let out a cute little 
girl giggle.

This was incredible. Only a short time ago, I tore pages from a magazine I'd 
found that had girls of this age on them because of total lack of interest and 
disgust.  Now I was mentally kicking my self for doing so.  The sight of this 
young 7-year-old stretching her small mouth over my cock, her lips glistening 
with pre-cum, was definately making my cock stiffen even more. I guess the 
phrase "don't knock it 'till you've tried it" is really true because now 
instead of being throughly disgusted, I was totally turned on! 

Everybody was so pre-occupied with watching Amy suck on my cock that nobody 
heard the back door.  Laura's ex-husband Tom had stopped by with Jimmy to get 
Jimmy's Kite for a day in the park.  Tom entered the house first while Jimmy 
lagged behind to throw a couple of rocks at a frantic squirrel.  As he started 
towards Jimmy's room, Tom heard the girls giggling in the front room and 
peeked his head around the corner to see what was going on.  

Tom's eyes sparkled as he gazed into the room of naked pre-teen girls.  He had 
known for a while that Laura was into young boys.  In fact he had suprized her 
once while she was getting laid by a 17-year-old schoolboy.  His mind wandered 
back...

   It happened two weeks after Laura had played her little girl game 
   with him.  Tom had known all along that it was Laura, but he wasn't
   about to let on at the time.  Until this point, Tom had only fantasized
   about sex with young girls.  He had aquired several magazines and video
   tapes and masterbated almost daily to them.  The sight had really turned
   him on and he figured this was probably as close as he was going to come
   to the real thing.  Later that evening, he told Laura that he knew and
   they both had a good laugh not to mention another round of fantasy
   "kiddie sex".

   Anyway, Tom had come home from work early and when he walked into the
   house, there was Laura.  She was wearing her little girl outfit and
   looked to be about 12 or 13 years old.  Between her legs, pounding
   away at her perfectly shaved pussy was a local highschool boy about
   17 or 18 years old.

   Tom wasn't quite sure how to act.  Even though he knew that the
   "youngster" was really his wife, the sight gave him a tremendous
   hard-on.  It was kind of like watching one of his kiddie sex porno's
   live!  When Laura looked up and saw him, she started to panic.  She
   too, didn't know how Tom would react.  Tom just grinned at her and
   then spoke.

   "Hey what are you doing to my daughter, don't you know she's only
   TWELVE!" he said in a loud firm voice.

   Laura sighed a sigh of relief and jumped into the game.

   "Oh daddy help me, he won't get off of me!" Laura chided back.

   The startled kid jumped up as fast as he could, his dick had gone
   completely limp.  He was grabbing for his clothes, trying to cover
   himself and running/hopping towards the open window.  Tom and Laura
   both laughed as the boy fell out the window and into the soft dirt
   of the flowerbed.

   When the boy was long out of sight, Tom looked at his "wife daughter"
   and proclaimed that it was her turn now.  They fucked wildly for
   several hours.

   It was only a few months later that Tom and Laura seperated.  It wasn't
   that they didn't get along, cause they did just fine.  They just wanted
   different things.  Laura continued seducing younger boys and Tom joined a 
   special club that catered to men who wanted to have sex with young girls.
   After a while, they hardly spent any time together.  Tom became even less
   interested in having sex with Laura since he had his pick of real 
   youngsters to choose from.  After a while they decided things would be
   easier if they went their seperate ways.

His mind faded back into reality.  As he looked around the room at the young 
naked children, he spied a familiar face.  It was his daughter Shelly.  She 
was sitting on the couch with her petite legs spread wide.  In her tiny hand 
was a shiny silver dildo which the 9-year-old was carefully aiming towards the 
entrance of her delicate pussy.  Tom's dick strained against his pants as he 
watched his pre-teen daughter push the large silver cylinder slowly towards 
it's target.  Her swollen lips gently parted around the dildo's pointed tip as 
it made contact with the youngster's tender hairless flesh.

Shelly worked the dildo up and down the length of her tiny slit, gasping each 
time it touch her swollen clit.  Tom rubbed his crotch as he watched.  The 
scene before him reminded of this magazine he use to have called kidsterbate.  
There was one page in particular that he masterbated to almost daily.  It was 
of a little 7-year-old girl on a canopy bed surrounded by dolls and stuffed 
animals.  She wore a frilly pink dress which was pushed up around her waist, 
matching pink ankle socks and shiny black shoes.  Her cotton panties had been 
removed and were laying on the bed beside her.  She had propped herself up on 
a pillow, spread her skinny legs and was staring at a large dildo that was 
sticking 3/4 of the way into her stretched little pussy.

Tom hadn't noticed Amy yet but that was about to change.  Amy was still 
sucking on my throbbing cock.  I let out a long, loud gasp as the sperm surged 
up the length of my shaft.  Stream after stream of milky cum shot from the 
small opening at the end of my prick and all over the face and hair of this 
darling 7-year-old girl.  She Immediately opened her mouth and tried to place 
it back over my spurting cock.  It wasn't until the last few spurts that I had 
stopped thrashing enough for her to succeed.  She sucked forcefully making sure 
she got and swallowed every bit of what was left.  The noise was enough to 
distract Tom and cause him to turn his attention towards our part of the 
room.  

"HOLY SHIT!" he said loudly as he got a look at the little second grader's 
spermy face.  She was smiling a smile that was larger than any he had ever 
seen, still licking the gooey mess from my semi-soft cock.

--
