                                      LITTLE GIRLS                              
           Part 1

      ************************************************************
      This is a story about young teen and pre-teen girls having
      sex.    If this type of material offends you, please delete
      this file now.  Otherwise, happy reading.....
      ************************************************************


      Even at 17, I liked young girls, not young as in 15 or 16
      year olds, I liked them REALLY YOUNG... 12, 11, even 10 year
      old girls. There was just something about the innocence and
      immaturity of their little bodies that really excited me.

      I had always kept this "little" fixation to myself even from
      my best friend Paul who knew just about everything else
      about me, after all it wasn't exactly normal for a 17 year
      old Senior in High School to get a hard-on over 4th and 5th
      grade girls.  It was kinda difficult because Paul and I
      would go to the Mall a lot to "check out the babes", and
      while he was looking at all of the big titted chearleader
      types, I was trying to sneak peeks their little sisters
      without being too obvious about it.  Well, things were going
      pretty good one day, the mall was hoppin and there were
      plenty of girls to look at.  Paul was busy eyeing a tall
      blond and was filling me in on what he would like to do with
      her, I on the other hand had just spied a cute little 10 or
      11 year old brunette in pigtails sitting on a bench by
      herself eating a cookie.  Her little breasts were just
      beginning to poke out, she was wearing a short demim skirt
      and was sitting with her legs slightly apart giving me just
      a glimse of her little white cotton panties.

      Paul had noticed that I was not listening to him anymore and
      turned to see what I was looking at.  I was busy trying to
      visualize what this sweet 4th grade girl would look like
      without any clothes on, and didn't realize at first that
      Paul was watching me.  I looked over at him and knew that I
      had been caught.

      "Your kidding" he chuckled.

      I was silent.

      "Your not kidding. Really?  Naw...  Really?  Wowwwww..." he
      said, "but she's just a kid. She can't be more than 10 years
      old!"

      "What can I say" I replied knowing that I wasn't going to be
      able to bluff my way out of this one.

      "Some guys like big tits, some like older women, and me...
      well, I guess I like little girls." I said, kinda stuttering
      as I talked. "You're not going to say anything to anyone are
      you?" I asked. "I mean, if the guys at school found out
      about this I'd never hear the end of it..."

      Paul was silent for a moment. "Ya kinda caught me off guard
      with this one... Shit, a 10 year old...." He paused again
      with this real puzzled look on his face.

      "Don't worry," he finally said, "I won't say anything, but
      just tell me one thing." he said slowly.

      "Sure" I said, "What is it?"

      "Well, I'm just sitting here trying to understand what it is
      about a girl that young that turns you on." He said. "I
      guess I'd rather jerk off to the thought of some fucking
      some big titted redhead than to the thought of a naked 10
      year old." he continued.

      "I dunno," I began. "A couple of years ago I was wandering
      around at the dump and I found this magazine. It was filled
      with pictures of naked little kids of all ages having sex.
      On the first page was a little girl about 5 years old
      sucking on some teenager's dick while a little boy about her
      age was poking his finger in her pussy. The sight of a 5
      year old having sex really turned me off, still does. I
      almost threw the book away but I didn't, I continued
      flipping through the pages hoping to find something of
      interest. I didn't have to look far, on the next page was a
      young girl about 11 or 12 years old, her long brown hair was
      braided into pigtails and her tiny breasts were just
      beginning to form. She was laying on her back with her legs
      spread wide appart, and a guy about my age or a little older
      had his cock buried about half way into her smooth hairless
      pussy. The looks on their faces was one of pure pleasure. I
      kept looking through the magazine, there were all kinds of
      pictures of 16, 17, 18 and 19 year olds, but the ones that
      seemed to interest me most were the ones of the 10, 11 and
      12 year olds."

      "I still have that magazine, but I've ripped out the
      pictures of the real little kids.  I like to jerk off while
      looking at the pictures and imagining that it's my cock
      sliding in and out of their tight hairless pussies." I
      wispered grinning ear to ear.

      Paul looked at me kind of funny and paused, then he started
      laughing. "Well at least I won't have to worry about you
      stealing any of my girlfriends!" he said grinning.

      We both laughed and grinned at each other and continued with
      our girl watching.

      At 6 o'clock I told Paul that I had to leave to go help my
      uncle Bill who lived in the next town.  Actually I was going
      to be babysitting the neighbor kids, 9 year old shelly and
      her little brother Jimmy. Earlier that day, Shelly had
      pulled down her shorts and panties to show me her belly
      button scar which gave me a perfect view of her little
      hairless box. When her girlfriend pointed out to her that I
      could see her pussy shelly look at her annoyingly and
      wispered to her that she knew what she was doing.  It was
      the first time that a 9 year old had ever made my cock
      swell. Even though Paul now knew that I was hot for young
      girls, and even though Shelly would be 10 in just a couple
      of months, I wasn't quite sure how he would react if/when he
      caught me staring at her small frame knowing that she was
      still only 9 years old.  Plus, I was really hoping for a
      repeat performance by shelly and knew that she would never
      do it if Paul was around.

      I was about 5 minutes late in getting to Shelly's house and
      her mom was rushing like mad to get out the door. As she
      rushed out to her car, she rattled of the standard
      instructions: I'll be back about 9 o'clock, no junk food for
      the kids, Jimmy in bed by 7:30 and Shelly could stay up
      later, emeregency numbers are by the phone, pop in the
      fridge.... and so on.

      We sat and watched TV until Jimmy's bedtime. While I was
      putting him to bed, Shelly went to change into her pajamas,
      which was aparently standard practice at their house.  I
      went back out and sat down on the floor in front of the TV.
      Shelly came out a few minutes later wearing only a pair of
      little pink panties that appeared to be just a bit too
      small. Her body had just a hint of babyfat, she had no tits
      at all.  Because the panties she was wearing were a bit on
      the tight side, I could see the outline of her little slit
      perfectly through them.  My cock was hard as a rock.

      "I thought you were putting on some pajamas?" I asked her.

      "I did!" she replied, "I always sleep in my underware.
      Whatsa matter, don't you like them?"

      "Oh sure, I like them just fine, but aren't they a bit
      tight???" I asked.

      "Well, just a little, I suppose I could take them off and
      get another pair." she said.

      I was quiet for a moment, the butterflies were dancing in my
      stomach and I was getting sort of light headed at the excit-
      ment. Finally I got up the nerve and said, "Well, you could
      just take them off and leave them off. I kinda wanted to get
      a better look at your belly button scar anyway?"

      Shelly just smiled as she slowly stepped out of her panties.
      My heart was pounding wildly as I watched her drop them to
      the floor.  She was now totally naked in front of me
      standing with her legs about a foot apart. I was still
      sitting on the floor and her pussy was right at eye level.

      "So what do you think." she said, "Do you I'd look better
      with a belly button instead of this scar?"

      My eyes were glued to her little hairless slot. "I'm not
      sure, why don't you come over here so I can get a better
      look." I said.

      She walked over next to me and stood there. I moved my head
      up and down slowly pretending to look at her scar, but
      instead I was getting a better look at her sweet little
      pre-teen pussy.

      After about 15 or 20 seconds I got up some more courage. "I
      think everything looks just fine, especially the part BELOW
      your scar."  I started to reach out to touch her tiny cunt,
      but chickened out and pulled my hand back.

      Shelly looked at me and smiled. "It's okay, you can touch me
      there if you want to.  But if I don't like it you have to
      stop, okay?" she said shyly.

      "I'd really like that Shelly, and I promise that I'll stop
      if you tell me to.  Are you sure it's okay?" I asked her
      cautiously.

      "I think so, mommy told me that sex was allright as long as
      it was something that I wanted to do." she said.

      "Oh really, when did she tell you that?" I asked.

      "Well," she began "mommy caught me watching her and a boy
      one night a few weeks ago.  He didn't see me and she didn't
      say anything to him, so I just stood there quietly and kept
      watching.  Later mommy sat me down and explained about sex
      to me. She said that that soon I would want to do sex things
      too.  When I told her that I touched myself and that some-
      times I would think about naked men, she just smiled and
      said 'MEN huh, that ought to be interesting...'.  I asked
      her what she meant, but she wouldn't tell me, instead she
      said that I would know when the time came." she said, and
      then reached out for my hand.

      "Okay," I said, "If you're sure, but you gotta promise me
      that you won't tell anyone not even your best friend."

      "Okay." she said.

      Slowly I reached up with my hand.  She was warm and very
      smooth to the touch as I began moving my fingers up and down
      the length of her slit.  Shelly's breathing began to get
      very shallow. She closed her eyes and began making soft
      squeeking sounds.  A drop of moisture appeared from between
      the tiny lips of her little cunny and I leaned forward
      towards her glistening folds to take a taste.  Shelly let
      out a deep moan as my hot tounge made contact with the bare
      skin of her young hairless box.

      "Does that feel good?" I asked.

      "MMMMMHHHHH" she replied.

      "Do you want me to stop?" I asked.

      "OOOOhhhh Nooooooo....." she squeaked softly.

      I continued licking.

      "Have you ever touched a boy?" I asked.

      "Nuuu uhhhhh" she replied.

      "Would you like to touch me?" I asked.

      Shelly didn't say anything, her eyes were still closed and
      she was panting like a little puppy.  She arched her back,
      moving her pussy towards my mouth and then began gently
      rocking her hips as my tounge again made contact with the
      little 9 year old's hairless mound. I gave her a couple of
      long slow licks, allowing my tounge to dip between her tiny
      outer lips in order to taste more of her sweet pre-teen
      quim.

      "Tell you what." I said softly, between licks, "Lets go into
      your room, and I'll take off all of my clothes too, that way
      you can touch me too if you want to. Okay?"

      "Okay." she panted.

      I stood up, and took Shelly by the hand and led her down the
      hall to her bedroom. I gave her a gentle kiss as she sat
      herself down on the edge of her bed.  I removed my clothes
      and placed them in a neat pile near the door so that I could
      grab them quickly if it became necessary.

      I moved over to the bed and stood in front of her allowing
      her to look as long as she wanted to. Then I reached out for
      her hand and placed it on my straining cock. She tried to
      wrap her fingers around it, but her hand was too small to
      completely circle my shaft, it was an extremely erotic sight
      that almost made me cum on the spot.  I looked away to
      regain my composure I wanted this to last as long as
      possible, after all, not only was this was my first time
      doing anything with a 9 year old girl, It was my first time
      doing anything with ANY GIRL!

      I looked at the cute little third grader sitting naked
      before me, she was staring intently an my erect organ,
      playing with the pre-cum that was oozing from it's tip. I
      reached down gathered a bit of it with my finger and then
      placed it up to her sweet lips. She opened them slightly and
      sucked softly on my finger.

      "MMMMMMMMmmmmmmm......." she murmered. As she swirled her
      tounge around the tip of my finger.

      Shelly removed my finger from her mouth and placed it down
      between the lips of her tiny cunt, rubbing it up and down
      getting it good and wet. Then she put it up to my mouth and
      moved her hand back down to my cock.  As I licked the
      youngster's juices from my finger, she lowered her head
      towards my cock and gently kissed it's little mouth-like
      slit.  A single shiny elastic strand of cum stretched from
      her young lips as she moved her head slowly away until it
      could stretch no more.  Almost as if in slow motion the
      strand snapped and I watched as it made it's way to, and
      hung from her pouty pre-teen mouth, bouncing and glistening
      in the light.

      I leaned down and kissed her, scooping up the strand of cum
      with my tounge on the way. As we kissed, our tounges met and
      a passionate flame grew. Shelly broke the kiss long enough
      to adjust herself on the bed so that she was up on her
      knees.  She threw her arms around me and began kissing me
      frantically, smashing her lips to mine as hard as she could.
      Every so often a little squeal would escape from deep within
      her body and my dick would harden a bit more.

      I reached down and placed my hands onto her tiny ass and
      pulled her to me pinning my cock between our writhing bodies
      and up against her wet, warm pussy. Shelly rocked her hips
      causing her young slit to slide up and down the length of my
      hardness.

      I felt a hand begin to massage my ass and I started kissing
      shelly even harder while I slid one hand down past her butt
      and between her legs until my fingers were touching her soft
      hairless cunt lips.

      Shelly intensified her ass rubbing and I was really getting
      hot when I heard the sound of a womans voice comming from
      the hallway.

      "Well, what do we have here?" the voice said.

      I turned quickly to look, but all I could make out was the
      silloette of a woman standing in the doorway watching us.

      "What are you doing to my daughter?" the voice asked as the
      woman walked towards us.

      Oh shit, it was Shelly's mom!  Oh god, what was I going to
      do now! I just knew for sure that I was going to jail!  I
      tried to move away from Shelly, but she still had ahold of
      me and was still sliding her pussy back and forth across my
      now flacid dick.

      I just stood there, unable to get away.  Shelly's mom was
      now standing next to us. She reached down between our bodies
      and grabbed hold of my soft organ and gave it a firm tug. I
      was waiting for the worst, I just knew I was going to be
      castrated.

      Shelly's mom looked down at my cock and sighed. "You'll
      never get it in to her like that!" she said.

      "Huh?!?!?!" I gasped.

      "It's as soft as a marshmallow, How are you going to get it
      in if you can't keep it up?  Boys!  Here, let me see if I
      can't do something about this!" she said as she placed my
      cock back up against her daughters hairless mound and began
      stroking me back to full erection!

      "There, that's better!" she said with a smile, moving her
      hand away. "You guys continue while I get out of these
      clothes."

      I pulled Shelly closer and shoved my tounge back into her
      waiting mouth.  After a few minutes Shelly's mom returned, I
      couldn't believe my eyes. She had removed her make-up and
      put her hair in pigtails. Her breasts were but a handful and
      her pussy was completely shaved. Instead of looking like
      Shelly's 28 year old mother, she looked like her 13 year old
      sister. I was amazed! I was hornier that ever now!

      "Can I have some fun too?" she asked coyly.

      I couldn't answer, all I could to was stare.

      "What's the matter, don't I look young enough?  The
      Sophomores at your High School all think I'm 12 or 13.  Of
      course sometimes I think they'd fuck me even if they knew I
      was 28!" she chuckled. "They sure are a horny bunch!  I
      usually get them to come over here, I tell them that I am
      the babysitter so they won't think anything about being here
      with two kids.  By the way, you don't need to call me Mrs.
      Dexter, it would seem a little silly considering the way I
      look.  Call me Laura."

      Laura could see that I was too busy with her daughter to
      answer so she got up onto the bed. Shelly was still on her
      knees and Laura positioned herself on her back so that her
      head was under Shelly's butt and between her legs.  From her
      vantage point she could see her young daughters hairless
      cunt sliding back and forth against my blood engorged organ.

      "Oh god.... What an erotic sight." Laura gasped. "Such a
      large cock being massaged by such a young childs tender
      pussy! Oooooooooo, I can hardly wait to see it sliding in
      and out her tight little hole. In fact, I don't think I CAN
      wait!"

      Laura reached up between us and grabbed my cock.  She
      stroked it firmly a couple of times and then placed the head
      up to the entrance of her 9 year old daughters tiny cunt.
      Carefully she worked it in small circles making sure that
      the youngster was fully lubricated.

      "Okay, push a little." she instructed me.

      She didn't have to ask me twice, I pushed my hips forward
      and felt my cock bend as it attempted to enter the little
      girls pussy. Laura, seeing that we weren't making much
      headway, began rubbing my prick back and forth on Shelly's
      little clit.  With each stroke Shelly would tense up as
      though an electric shock had run through her until finally
      her little body began bucking and thrashing about, she
      kissed me hard and held on to me tightly. Deep moans and
      grunts escaped from her tiny body as her very first orgasm
      reached it's peaked. I could feel the warm juices flowing
      from her spasming pre-teen cunt and running down my cock, I
      could also feel Laura's tounge licking them up as they did.

      Shelly collapsed in my arms as her orgasm subsided.  Laura
      placed my cock back at the entrance of her little girls
      pussy and once more I pushed forward with my hips. Shelly
      was so relaxed that this time the lips of her young cunt
      began to stretch, slowly engulfing the head of my swollen
      prick.

      "Ohhhhhhmmmmmmm" Laura gasped as she watched the head of my
      cock disappear into her daughters hairless young pussy.
      "AAAAArrrrrrggggg HHHmmmmfffff" She moaned as her own orgasm
      built itself to full climax. "Ohhhhhhhh Jeeezzzzzzzuuuussss,

      I'm c-c-c-cumming" she screamed.

      I continued to push my way into Shelly's hot pussy. It felt
      like my prick was caught in a velvet vice. Soft, Warm and so
      incredibly TIGHT!  Shelly had come back to life somewhat and
      had shifted herself so she could wrap her legs around the
      small of my back.  At some point during this process, the
      full weight of her 75 pound frame was focused on my prick
      causing her to slide all the way down to it's base. Laura
      was just comming down from her first climax, her head was
      still beneath Shelly's small butt and when she opened her
      eyes and saw that her daughters little cunt had swallowed
      the entire length of my cock she completely lost it again,
      bucking and quaking into her second orgasm in less than two
      minutes.

      I reached down and placed both of my hands on Shelly's
      little ass and began sliding her slowly up and down on my 17
      year old cock.  Shelly began to tense up again and as she
      neared her second climax she leaned back, her arms still
      around my neck and tossed her head from side to side
      groaning and grunting loudly.

      "Oh god yes.... OOooooooooooo.... AAAAAARRRrrrrggggggg....
      OOoooooo, don't stop!" she screamed as she fucked herself up
      and down on my cock without the help of my hands.

      With her leaning back the way she was, I could look down
      between our bodies and for the first time I could see what
      had gotten Laura so excited.  The sight of this pre-teen's
      hairless pussy being filled with my huge cock, the delicate
      lips stretched so tightly that they were sucked inward with
      each of her downward thrusts was just too much for me to
      handle. I gave a couple of hard thrusts of my own as my
      boiling sperm shot up the length of my cock and flooded the
      walls of the young child's tender pussy.  The heat and force
      of my cum tipped Shelly over the edge and into her second
      full climax.  Her already tight pussy was spasming and
      contracting, milking load after load of hot sticky jism from
      deep within my body. With each deposit of cum, I could feel
      the pressure in her pussy build until finally the tight
      suction seal that held my cock in place gave way and a large
      glob of goo trickled out and dripped down onto her mothers
      face landing solidly on her left cheek.

      Laura opened her eyes just in time to see another globlet
      begin to ooze out of her daughter's cunt and was able to
      move her head so that she could catch it in her mouth.  It
      wasn't a perfect catch and some of the hot gooey mixture
      dribbled onto her chin.  Laura didn't care, she tilted her
      head sideways and lifted it so that her ear was pressing
      firmly against her daughter's ass. From this angle she could
      slide her head up and down with Shelly's motions and keep
      her mouth firmly attached to source of the cum leakage. She
      had her fingers burried deep within her own pussy frigging
      herself like a mad-woman causing herself to have what must
      have been her forth or fifth orgasm.

      I continued to pump stream after stream of hot white liquid
      deep into the young third grader's tight hole while she
      continued with wave after wave of her own massave orgasm.
      Shelly leaned forward again and slamed her lips to mine,
      shoving her little tounge deep into my mouth.  We continued
      to kiss long and passionately until our orgasms died down
      together.  My knees were beginning to give out from
      exaustion so I asked Laura to get up for a moment and I
      layed down onto the bed with Shelly on top of me and my cock
      still firmly imbeded deep into the little girl's soppy cunt.

      Her mom moved up and lay next to us and cuddled in close. We
      fell asleep like that and slept soundlessly all night.

      When I woke up in the morning, Shelly had moved off of me
      and was laying next to me with her head on my shoulder
      hanging tightly onto my arm. Laura had apparently been up
      for awhile and from the smell of things, was fixing bacon
      and eggs for breakfast.

      I looked down at Shelly's innocent young body, God what a
      fuck!  Of course still being a virgin myself until last
      night, I didn't have anything except my hand to compare
      with, but I really couldn't imagine it getting much better!
      I reached down with my free hand and began fondling her tiny
      ass, she cuddled in closer.  About that time, Laura walked
      in and looked at my hand gently massaging her daughter's
      butt.

      "Okay mister horney," she said "rise and shine... er get
      up... well you know what I mean, get out of bed and come
      have some breakfast!  There will be plenty of time for that
      later.  We've got things to do today... there are a few
      friends that I want you to meet... I just know you'll LOVE
      'EM!"

