                       LITTLE SISTER'S HELPING HAND

                   A Family Love Fantasy by Day Dreamer


         My sister Cathy is a only a year younger than I and is a
     year behind me in school.  Because we are so near the same
     age, we have always been very close to each other, con-
     fiding our secrets and presenting a united front in our
     relations with other people.  I've always been the protec-
     tive big brother, and she has been the supportive, adoring
     little sister.  We respect each other's ideas and thoughts
     and depend on each other for advice and support.

         This has been particularly true with respect to my
     dating.  Because Cathy is either a friend or a classmate of
     almost every girl I date, she is able to give me advice and
     fill me in on almost all of them.  Since Cathy and I don't
     have secrets from each other, she knows me well enough to
     guess that my primary interest is in what a girl has between
     her legs rather than between her ears.  Much of her advice
     and wisdom is thus about how far girls will go.  I am often
     surprised by the extent of Cathy's knowledge, especially
     since she very seldom dates and is by her own admittance
     still a virgin.

         Cathy warned me that the girl I had lined up for a
     Friday date was strictly a prick tease--that she had a
     reputation for letting a boy feel everything she had but not
     giving a thing in return, not even a hand-job.  She was a
     real fox, though, and I was egotistical enough to believe I
     could succeed where others had failed.

         Cathy was right about the girl.  After I had taken her
     out to the lake and parked, in hardly any time I had her bra
     off and my lips on her nipples.  She moaned and writhed in
     pleasure from my stimulation of her big white boobs.  Before
     long I had my hand under her skirt and between her legs,
     fingers under her panties and running up and down her slit.
     She was all wet between her legs so I knew she was
     responding to my finger work.  I tried to pull her panties
     down, but she resisted, shaking her head and saying she
     didn't go that far.

         By this time I was in bad shape--hard-on throbbing and
     balls aching to release their pent-up load.  I took the
     girl's hand and put in on top of my throbbing cock.  She
     just left her hand there, totally inert, and didn't do a
     thing with it.  I told her I was hurting real bad and asked
     her to give me hand-job to relieve my ache.  She shook her
     head again and told me she just couldn't touch my "nasty old
     thing."
         Well, I was more than just a little disappointed--I was
     thoroughly pissed off.  My cock and balls were aching and
     needed relief badly, and she wouldn't help me at all.  I
     just started up the car and headed for the girl's house.
     All I wanted to do was get her to her house and me back to
     my house so I could give myself a nice slow hand-job and get
     rid of the ache between my legs.  She quickly rearranged her
     clothes back to where they should be and seemed relieved
     that her ordeal was over.  What a tease, I thought.  I
     decided that from then on I'd listen when Cathy tells me a
     girl is just a tease.

         When I walked into my house, Cathy was still up.  Our
     parents had already gone to bed, but she was sitting up
     watching TV.  She gotten herself ready for bed and was
     wearing a pair of baby-doll pajamas.  When I looked at her
     dressed like that, I realized that Cathy was growing up to
     be a beautiful girl.

         She was blossoming into womanhood and filled out the top
     of her pajamas very nicely.  Her legs were especially nice,
     thin and muscular from her work in school athletics.  She
     got up and came over to me when I entered, and whispering so
     that she wouldn't wake our parents, she asked how things
     went on the date.  I'm sure she could tell from the look on
     my face that it had been a complete washout, but because she
     always took an interest in me, she asked anyway.  I grinned,
     a rueful grin, but nonetheless a grin, and told her about my
     evening of sexual frustration.

         Cathy hugged me in sympathy and I held her close.
     Whether it was because I was so horny and she looked so nice
     to me or what, but I held her closer than a brother usually
     holds a sister.  From being so up-close and personal, she
     had no difficulty learning that I still had a raging hard-on
     from my unrelieved ache.  "Poor Baby," Cathy said sympath-
     etically, "is that what a tease does to a boy?"

         "Yeah," I responded.  "It's causing me a bad case of
     stone-ache."

         "What's stone-ache?" Cathy asked.

         "It means my balls ache from getting all hot and
     bothered," I explained.

         "What does it take to get relief?" Cathy asked.

         "Well, getting off is the only way to get relief.  Since
     I didn't get laid, I guess I'll have to resort to a
     hand-job."

         Cathy's eyes got wide and she said, "You mean
     masturbate?
         Get off by doing it to yourself?"

         "Yeah," I said, laughing quietly, "I guess that's what I
     mean.  Since I couldn't get a girl to give me a hand-job,
     I'll just have to do it myself."

         "Does it feel better if a girl does it?" Cathy asked.

         "Oh, yes!  But she didn't come through, so I'm out of
     luck this evening."

         Cathy said so low that I had to strain to hear her, "I
     know a girl who will do it for you this evening if you'll
     show her how."

         "You do?" I said, surprised.  "Who?"

         Cathy put her lips to my ear and whispered, "Me."

         I pushed her out to arms' length and whispered, "You'd
     give me a hand-job, Cathy?  You really would?"

         Cathy smiled shyly and told me that she felt sorry for
     me since I seemed to be suffering and wanted to try to help
     me.  She said that was the "least thing she could do for her
     sweet big brother."

         We turned off the TV and all the lights and went to my
     room.  Even though there weren't any lights on, there was
     sufficient light from a street light to be able to see
     fairly clearly.  I sat on my bed and took off all my clothes
     except for my Jockey shorts.  They did little to hide my
     protruding, rock-hard cock as it made a tent out in front.
     As I slowly pushed my shorts down, Cathy came over and sat
     down next to me on the bed.  I could see her eyes go big as
     my rigid tool came into view.  She gasped a little, and
     said, "God, I had no idea you were so big.  This is the
     first hard penis I've ever seen, and I didn't know they got
     so big.  I've never touched one before, either, so you'll
     have to tell me what I'm supposed to do."

          I took Cathy's hand and showed her how to wrap it
     around my cock and stroke up and down.  She started a gentle
     up and down movement, and I pushed my hips up to meet each
     one of her strokes.  The whole head of my cock was covered
     in pre-cum and it glistened in the light coming through the
     window.
          Her hand moved up into the juice with each stroke and
     soon my entire cock was coated in my slick male lubrication.
     "You're getting all wet," Cathy whispered.

          "Boys get wet when they're horny," I said.

          "Then you must really be horny," Cathy said, smiling,
     and increasing the length of her strokes.

          "Oh, yeah!" I said.  "Am I ever.  That's really
     beginning to feel good."  It was feeling so good, in fact,
     that I was on the verge of coming.  Not just an ordinary
     come, but a really hard come.  Cathy's hand-job was the best
     one I had ever had.  She might not have known how, but she
     had learned in a hurry.  I also suspected that having my own
     fox of a little sister give me the hand-job made it much
     better than it had ever been before.  I had just decided
     that my sister was better looking than any of the girls I
     had been dating, and having her hand working on my cock,
     having her sit there in her revealing baby-doll pajamas,
     made it a special hand-job.

          My stomach muscles tightened, my buttocks clenched, and
     I thrust my cock up into Cathy's hand.  A large spurt of hot
     sperm shot out and into the air.  It landed on my stomach as
     another spurt went skyward.  Soon I was splattered all over
     my front and Cathy's hand was drenched from the outpouring
     of the best orgasm I had ever experienced.  I slowly
     released my breath from having held it throughout my entire
     explosion.  I sighed and my muscles slowly relaxed.  "God,
     Cathy," I whispered, "that was so good."

          "I can't believe what a mess we've made," Cathy said,
     laughing quietly.  "I'll get a towel and clean this up."
     Cathy cleaned both she and I and the bed, mopping up globs
     of come from all over.

          While she was still sitting by me on the bed, I said,
     "Thank you.  I don't know how I can repay for this.  I
     really appreciate it.  My stone-ache's all gone, and I can
     relax and go to sleep now."

          "Just knowing you liked it is thanks enough," Cathy
     whispered.  "Besides, it was fun for me, too.  I'll be glad
     to give you a helping hand any time you need it," she said,
     smiling at her own pun.

                           *   *   *   *   *   *   *

          The following Friday night I got home from my date
     around 11:00 pm and found Cathy waiting up for me.  She was
     dressed in pajamas that were more revealing than the
     previous week.  The tops were semi-transparent, and I could
     see the shadows of her nipples through them.  The bottoms
     weren't transparent, but they were so sheer that the bulge
     of her pubic hair showed very clearly.  I had bombed out
     again on my date and was extremely horny, and seeing her
     dressed like that only made it worst. I wondered if she
     would remember her promise from last week and offer to give
     me another hand-job.

          Cathy came up to me and gave me a welcome-home hug.  I
     pushed my hard-on at her so that it was impossible for her
     to miss it.  She dropped her hand to my bulge and gently
     squeezed.  "It looks like brother needs a helping hand
     again," she said.

          "Oh, God, do I ever!" I whispered.  She took my hand
     and led me up to my room.  There, in the just the light from
     the street, she stripped me and started working on my cock,
     giving me a glorious hand-job.  I opened my eyes and looked
     down.  I saw her hand working on my cock, and then I saw her
     other hand.  It was buried between her own legs, working
     away in the recesses hidden there.  I stopped her hand on my
     cock and whispered, "Oh, Cathy, I'm so sorry.  All I seem to
     be thinking about is myself.  I forgot that you probably get
     horny, too.  Does playing with my cock make you horny?"

          "Yes!" Cathy said emphatically.  "I had to come off
     twice last Friday night after I was with you.  Just seeing
     your hard cock and seeing you shoot off made me so horny I
     couldn't go to sleep without getting off myself."  She gave
     me a little grin and said, "I guess girls get their own type
     of stone-ache, too."

          "Well, fair's fair.  If you get me off, then I'll get
     you off.  How does that sound?" I asked.

          "Okay, but why don't we do each other at the same
     time?"

          "Yeah, that's an even better idea," I said.  I pushed
     her down on the bed and then laid down next to her, so that
     we were lying on our sides facing each other.  I took her
     top leg and put it on top of my hip, causing her crotch to
     spread wide open and available to my hand.  I put my hand
     down the top of her pajama bottoms and delved down until I
     reached the lips of her womanhood.  I ran my finger down
     into the channel, sliding it over the swollen nub of her
     clitoris.  She jerked herself against my hand as I did so,
     and moaned in pleasure.  I dove my fingers down into the hot
     runnel of her crease, collected a pool of her slick, juicy
     cream, and brought it up to her pleasure button.  Concen-
     trating on that, I worked my hand gently and persistently,
     determined to give Cathy as good if not better pleasure than
     she was giving me.

          Cathy resumed her ministrations to my cock,
     masturbating me with gentle up-and-down strokes.  We were
     looking right into each others eyes as we pleasured each
     other.  We worked in silence, except for moans and an
     occasional "Oh, yes.  Oh, so good."  Our orgasms were
     approaching fast as we both worked harder and faster at each
     others sexes.  "Oh, I'm almost there," Cathy moaned.  "Kiss
     me while I come.  I want to be kissed and come at the same
     time."

         Our lips merged together and tongues intertwined.  Our
     mouths were moving on each other as frantically as our hands
     were moving below.  We peaked at the same instant, spasms
     racking each of us, and gasped and panted into each others
     mouths.  I could feel her hips tighten down on my hand and
     her labial lips move in little convulsions.  My come erupted
     from my cock, spraying all over Cathy's front, drenching her
     pajamas from waist to crotch, and sending streaks of sticky
     sperm down her thighs.  After we came down from our orgasms,
     Cathy got a towel and tried to clean up our mess.  Streaks
     of come were all over my bed and her pajamas.  She cleaned
     up some, but the rest of it would have to dry.  "I've got to
     do something about this next time.  I'll have to have
     something to catch your come in," Cathy smiled and whispered
     to me.

         "Thank you, Cathy," I told her as she was ready to go to
     her room.

         "No, thank you, this time.  It was really good for me
     this time.  You're right, it is better when someone else's
     hand does it. 'night, Jimmy."

                     *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *

         The following Friday came around, and once more I had a
     date and Cathy didn't.  I didn't even try to make out on the
     date, just took the girl to a movie, a hamburger and malt,
     and then home.  I figured that what Cathy and I would do
     later would be far better than anything that might happen
     with my date.  I was blazing horny, but wanted to wait,
     recognizing that Cathy was prettier, had a better body, and
     was far sexier than any of her friends that I might date.
     Besides, I had the feeling that Cathy had been steering me
     toward the girls who would turn me down, insuring that I
     would bring my hard-on home to her rather than get off with
     my date.

         I suspect I was right, because when I walked in the
     door, Cathy just started walking to my room and waved for me
     to follow.  As soon as we had the door closed, Cathy was all
     over me, stripping me, rubbing her hands over my chest, and
     stroking my throbbing, jutting cock.  She pushed me on the
     bed, so that I was on my back, my cock standing up like a
     drunken flagpole waving around in circles.  Until now, Cathy
     had kept her pajamas on and I was the only one naked.  I
     hadn't pressed her, even though I longed to see her sexy
     little body without clothes, thinking she'd take whatever
     lead she felt comfortable with.

         Apparently, now was her lead time.  With her back turned
     toward me, she pulled her pajama tops over her head and let
     them fall to the floor.  Then she lowered her little baby-
     doll pajama panties, and the cute little round globes of her
     ass were there in front of me, fully in sight.  Slowly, she
     turned around, showing me all her delightful woman's
     treasures -- pert little strawberry tipped breasts, the
     dimple of her navel, the fluffy hair of her pubis, and the
     slit that came up from her hidden recesses to divide the
     hairy bush into equal parts.  I had never gotten any of my
     dates naked before and Cathy knew it.  She knew she was
     giving me a treat I had not heretofore enjoyed.  She was
     telling me loud and clear that no matter what I came across
     on my dates, what she had was far better.  My throbbing,
     dripping cock agreed with her completely.

         Cathy crawled up on the bed with me, only instead of
     face to face, she put her head so that it was in line with
     my cock and my head in line with her pussy.  She reached out
     and touched my cock lightly with her fingers, stroking the
     pre-cum down over its sides.  She whispered, "You remember
     that last time I said I was going to have to figure a place
     to catch your come?  Well, I have.  Right here."

         With those words, Cathy plunged my cock into her mouth.
     My God, Cathy's going to give me a blow job! I thought.  The
     heat of her mouth was so voluptuous, the action of her
     tongue on my glans so stimulating, I thought I would come at
     that very instant.  To avoid immediate orgasm, I shifted my
     thoughts away from my pleasure and concentrated on hers.  It
     was obvious what it would be.  Not six inches in front of my
     mouth, Cathy's wet, glistening pussy awaited.  If she could
     give oral pleasures, then I could more than return the
     favor.  I took her leg and lifted it, moving my face into
     the cavity between her thighs.  She was practically flowing
     in girl juices, and her female pheromones wafting across
     into my nostrils just made me that much more aroused.
     Opening my mouth wide, I moved my tongue all over her
     vulva--over the clitoris, up and down the lips, down to the
     rosebud of her secret little anal opening.

         Cathy jerked her hips and hunched them against my mouth.
     So far as I knew, this was the first time she had experi-
     enced oral sex and I wanted to make it especially good for
     her, to make her pleasure even more exciting.  Her mouth
     action on my cock became faster and she gulped down my cock
     all the way to the base, sucking briefly, and then back out.
     I knew I couldn't hold on much longer, and if her action on
     my cock were an indicator, Cathy, too, was on the edge of
     her orgasm.  My ass clenched and then jerked.  My stomach
     muscles tightened and then jerked.  A huge jet of sperm shot
     out of my cock and into Cathy's mouth.  She gulped and
     swallowed the entire amount.  Shot after shot spurted out,
     and after that first one, Cathy was no longer able to
     swallow fast enough--come was leaking out of her lips and
     dripping down onto the sheets and her boobs.

         My orgasm appeared to trigger hers, and she seemed to
     lose sight of her goal of finding a place for my sperm.
     Spasms shook her pelvis and she clamped her thighs down
     tight on my head.  I continued to work my mouth on her pussy
     and clitoris, sending wave after wave of orgasmic energy
     through her.  Although she didn't bite my cock, she squeezed
     down on with her mouth and sucked like there was no
     tomorrow.  Her gasps kept her from sucking too long, though,
     and when she opened her mouth to gasp and pant around my
     cock, come poured out in a steady stream, drenching the both
     of us.

         Gradually, we both came down from our mutual orgasms.
     My cock softened and fell out of her mouth.  I still worked
     my tongue gently over her clitoris and little tremors went
     over her abdomen with each lick.  Soon she lifted her leg
     and rolled over to lay on her back.  For several minutes, we
     both just lay there, too used up to even move.  Eventually
     our breathing slowed to normal, and Cathy sat up and looked
     down at the scene of our mutual oral pleasurings.  "Well, so
     much for that plan.  Just look at the mess we left this
     time.   I'll have to get busy and get this cleaned up."
     After a while, she succeeded.  Before she put her pajamas
     back on and went to her room, Cathy whispered, "Maybe that
     way didn't work, but I sure did like it.  Didn't you?"

         "Oh God, Yes!  That's the best it's ever been for me.
     Next time we'll just spread a towel under us and not worry
     about the mess.  Okay?"

         "Yeah," she said smiling.  She walked over to me and
     kissed me lightly on the lips before going back to her room.
     "Good night, Jimmy.  And thanks."

         "My pleasure," I whispered back, in one of the greatest
     understatements of my life.
