Archive-name: Family/litsis3.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Naughty Little Sister 


Warning
=======
Teen and pre-teen sex and B&D.
==============================
If that's not what you like, don't read it. 
Fantasy stories don't hurt anybody. Hope you 
enjoy.
Please suggest ideas for what happens next in comments, 
LITSISC1 etc


Naughty Little Sister - Part 3


The story so far

Sandy was your typical innocent little eleven year old girl. 
Long brown hair tied in bunches or pigtails, a sweet slim 
body, 4'6 with just the very beginnings of those curves that 
would one day make her an attractive woman.

Innocent until the day she saw her sisters making love 
anyway... Donna was a cute brunette 17 year old, pretty and 
with a sophistication that could have made her a cover-girl 
model. Instead, she left school and set up a high-fashion 
clothes boutique in the local fashion mall. The third sister 
was almost 15, Susan, with red hair inherited from her 
mother. Again with the sort of looks that would turn heads, 
she was the academic of the family, intent on College so 
that one day she could become a doctor.

Donna and Susan were passionately in love... with each 
other's bodies. They both dated guys, but girl sex was what 
they craved, and the dirtier it was the hornier they became. 
When Sandy discovered their secret by walking in on them at 
the height of their orgasms they had vowed to keep her 
quiet, and more, to add to their satisfaction by humilating 
the poor little girl.

That first afternoon had intoduced Sandy to the stretching 
pain of Donna's dildo, a sad way of losing her virginity to 
a piece of cock shaped rubber. They had given her hot water 
enemas, and even pissed on her in the bath tub.

When Sandy awoke the following morning her clothes were 
missing, and she was left walking into her class room in a 
Gymslip far too short for a modest young lady of eleven. The 
cruelty of her class mates was the least of her worries when 
she discovered that she had been framed for a crime she 
hadn't commited! The headmistress's daughter had been 
attacked the night before, blindfolded then urinated on, and 
a hair of Sandy's connected her to the incident.

Violently whipped by the headmistress in front of a corrupt 
Police Detective and her school friends, Sandy was left with 
a bleeding behind, and the promise that Donna and Susan had 
a letter telling her parents of her misdemeanor. With 3 days 
suspension to reflect on these wrong-doings Donna drove her 
home, and Sandy was sent to bed with a glass of water and a 
slice of stale bread.

Now read on....

Monday Evening, 7.00 pm.
------------------------
"Nothing too serious baby-sis" Susan told her little sister 
as she lay face down and naked on the bed. "I guess it's 
real painful but bottoms heal fast and you'll be right as 
rain in no time."

Susan had been nice to her since she came in from school. 
Sandy had listened to the fourteen year old arguing with 
Donna just outside her bedroom door.

"I bet she didn't do it and she ought to have some 
antiseptic cream on those cuts" Susan had said. "No! she's a 
bad, bad girl, and if anything we should make the worse!" 
Donna had replied. Eventually Susan had won, coming into her 
bedroom 2 minutes later with some hot muffins and a cup of 
tea. If Sandy had watched a few more TV Police shows she 
might have wondered if this was a "good cop, bad cop" 
routine, but once again her naivity let her down.

Sue had lifted off Sandy's nighty and gently cleaned her 
whipped buns, putting band-aids on the scar that ran 
deepest. With a couple of asprins, a bite of cake and a sip 
of tea, the little girl begin to feel human again and 
pulling the nighty back on gave her older sister a hug.

"Thanks Sue" she said quietly. "I didn't do it, really I 
didn't. You won't have to tell Mom and Dad will you?"

Susan gave her a gentle kiss on the cheek. "It's not me you 
have to worry about babydoll. It's Donna... she's ever so 
angry with you. "

"But you can protect me, I know you can. You're lovely 
Susan, and you didn't really want to be nasty to me the 
other night did you? It was Donna making you do it wasn't 
it?"

"Yes, well sort of. To be honest Sandy I do have sexy 
feelings for you. Do you understand what those are?"

Sandy bowed her head. "I guess that's what you feel when you 
use things like that rubber stick that Donna pushed into my 
pussy? And when you did your wee-wee on me?"

"Yes Sandy, those give me funny feelings inside, and those 
feelings mean a lot to me.... But if you can't give them to 
me, I guess I'll do without - though I'll feel awful... It 
might even make me poorly"

Sandy looked back up at her fourteen year old sister. "I 
don't want you to be sick because of me Sue... I love you! 
But I just feel that everyone hates me. If it helps you feel 
good, and stops Donna being nasty and showing Mom the letter 
I'll do stuff with you, but I'd prefer it if you didn't call 
me names..."

Susan patted the little brunette on the head. "There's a 
good girl. I'll have a word with Donna and we'll see what we 
can do. Sometimes it's nice to call you names, but we don't 
mean them really. Not at the bottom of our hearts anyway. 
Now why don't you get dressed, and come out with us... we're 
going to a night club!"

"Would you take me out with you? Like a big girl? Wow! Oh.. 
but Sue... I haven't any clothes, I think I've lost them 
somehow!"

"I know.. I had a look for you and can't find them anywhere! 
Perhaps Mom accidentilly packed them, or put them in the 
dry-cleaners? I'll see if Donna has any ideas."

As Sue stood up from the bed, Sandy rolled onto her back and 
reached forward and took her sister's hand. Slowly the moved 
it until it was against her hairless puffy little cunt. 
"Thanks Sue... you can touch me there if it gives you those 
feelings you need?"

Sue used two fingers to carefully spread the little girl's 
labia, then with her other hand stroked her clitoris. "Does 
that feel nice little girl?" she asked. "That's your clitty 
and it's ever so sensitive." 

Sandy's slim little body arced. "Oh yes... that's nice Suzy. 
Oh! You're kissing it... it's lovely, and, and, I feel all 
funny."

Susan raised her head. "You're getting wet Sandy! It's 
called cum, and it means your body is happy! That's the 
feeling I get when we hurt you before."

"Oh, I can see why you like it!" Sandy told her, feeling her 
big sister's tongue probing within her baby vagina. "Can't I 
just do that to you to make you happy?"

"Sometimes! But some other times I need you to hurt a little 
as well. Can you understand that?"

"Not really... but I'm just a little kid I guess."

"That's right. A little kid, but one I love very very much! 
Now put some make-up on and I'll ask Donna about your 
clothes."

*************************************

When Susan left the room, Sandy was left with the strangest 
feeling. It was like wanting to take a sneeze, but not quite 
being able to do so. 

A warmth filled the very base of her tummy, and she slowly 
brought her knees up to the little mounds that would become 
breasts, then spread them apart. With the very tip of her 
finger, she touched that bump, her 'clitty' that Susan had 
told her about, and felt a shiver run up her back. It was 
damp and slippy, like her hands felt if she put moisturizer 
on them in the winter. At the top it stuck out a little bit, 
and she gave it a gentle squeeze between her first and 
second fingers, sending a shiver this time up the inside of 
her thighs. "Ohhhh" she sighed, as her fingers touched the 
crease that ran below the bumpy bit, running up and down it 
until she felt the fleshy mounds absorb a finger until an 
inch of it was inside her.

She felt so naughty, so bad, but as she moved her middle 
finger inside to the second joint, she was sure that 
'sneeze' she wished for was coming. She pushed deeper, until 
her whole finger was inside, feeling a slight soreness from 
that rubber thing Donna had used, but more importantly a 
pleasure that was impossible to resist. With a finger deep 
inside that tight school-girl vagina, she begin moving it in 
then out, whilst rubbing her thumb against her 'clitty', 
humping her body up and down as spasms of ecstacy filled 
those sensitive pubescent private parts. Her eyes closed, 
and she remembered looking up at her sisters as they begin 
to piss on her face. She was shocked as the memory filled 
her with complete humiliation, but also pleasure, and her 
pussy begin to clench tight then loose, tight then loose 
against that moving finger.

In her mind the faces of Donna and Susan changed, and 
suddenly it was the policeman who's urine was raining down 
on her, while her headmistress started to thrust her cane 
deep into her pussy. Her whole body arched, she pushed a 
second finger into her little hairless cunt, and thrust a 
finger from her other hand under her body, to her cheeks, 
stroking the wounds of the whipping, then finding that 
tender spot that lay between them. With a thrust of her 
hand, a finger was buried up her anus, and with a shriek she 
came, over and over again.

"OOOOOOOOOOOhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!! Yes Yes Yes Yes YES!!!!" 
As she slumped back against the soft covers of her bed, she 
opened her eyes and saw Donna and Susan at the door smiling 
at her. Donna held her Daddy's Video Camera on her shoulder, 
focussing it on the droplets of syrupy cum that leaked from 
her pouting pubis. 

"That was awesome Sandy!" said Susan. "The sexiest thing 
I've seen for ages! You looked about 5 with your legs up 
like that, so deliciously naughty I came 3 times!"

"We'll have to make more of these!" said Donna, waving the 
video camera. "Just think how much the boys at school would 
pay for them! If we charged them $5 each, we'd make $2 over 
the cost of the tape! There's 500 boys and I can't think of 
a single one who wouldn't have some special little fantasy 
that Sandy could create on film. That's $1000! And Sandy 
could make the copies for us every night when she came 
home!"

"I don't want them to see that!" cried Sandy. "It's 
private!"

"Oh, don't be a silly little girl" chided Susan. "You'd be 
famous, and nobody would tell. Anyway, I'd like you to."

"Would you? I'd blush awfully if I knew it was being 
filmed... but if that's what you want I suppose... if you'd 
throw that letter in the fire?"

"You promise to do whatever we ask?" said Donna. "Absolutely 
anything?"

"Yes... promise, guides honour!" replied the sweet little 
thing.

"OK then, I'll keep the letter in a secret place, and as 
long as you're our obediant little girl, we'll keep it to 
ourselves." Donna said with a friendly grin.

"See, I told you I'd speak to Donna for you!" said Susan, 
watching as her naked little sis stood up, walked to her and 
gave her the biggest hug the lithe little eleven year old 
could manage.

"Thanks! Can I have more of those... those things I just had 
if I let you film me?"

"Those are called orgasms, and yes, sometimes, if you're 
good we'll let you have them. But you must NEVER do them on 
your own, unless we've told you to. Otherwise we'd be VERY 
angry. Do you understand?"

"Yes... I understand... aren't they lovely!"

"Yes... now you're meant to be getting cleaned up to go 
out...Donna's going to stop off at the boutique to get you 
something to wear so you need to be nice and fresh. Perhaps 
you better have a bath now with all that sticky stuff 
running down your legs! And NO playing with yourself!"

The little giggling girl jumped out of the bedroom, and ran 
into the shower, paying no heed to the wide open curtains as 
she passed them.

"See! I told you she'd fall for it! She always was like an 
obediant little puppy when we showed her the slightest bit 
of affection. If we get the balance right, I think we've got 
a slave-girl for life!" said Donna, as she begin to unzip 
the back of her fourteen year old sister's mini-dress. "Now 
get that slutty tongue of yours up my ass or I'll rape your 
ass with my dildo!"

Susan dragged Donna to Sandy's bed, ripped off her clothes, 
and showed her that their little nymphette sister wasn't the 
only obediant one around the house!

*************************************

Sandy cleaned herself thoroughly, eager that she should be 
clean for whatever nice outfit Donna would be willing to 
lend her. SHe dried herself carefully, and braided her hair 
into two sweet little pigtails, just the way that Mummy 
liked her to look if she was going to a birthday party. 
She'd never been to a 'Night Club' before but it sounded 
real exciting. Maybe it would be like that one in 'Saturday 
Night Fever' that she'd seen before Daddy sent her to bed 
because of the swearing?

Susan had told her it was ok to put on a little make-up, but 
she wasn't very good at it! The lipstick went all over her 
mouth, but she supposed it was ok, and maybe there was a bit 
too much blusher? She'd ask Susan if it was ok before they 
went. 

She opened the door and found a pair of dungarees to wear on 
the way to the boutique. She quickly pulled them on, stayed 
barefoot in her mary-janes, and ran down the stairs.

Donna and Susan were sat in the lounge enjoying a drink. 
"Feel better for your bath?" Donna asked. "Your face looks 
lovely, all messy like a tart who's been on the job all 
night!"

"Donna! Not now..." Susan reprimanded. "OK, I'll have my fun 
later." Sandy wondered what on earth she could mean?


--
