Archive-name: Family/litsis1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Naughty Little Sister 


Warning - Teen and pre-teen sex and B&D.
Based on story by author of SISTER1 - Thanks/apologies if you're out 
there!
Please suggest ideas for what happens next in comments, LITSISC1 etc


Naughty Little Sister - Part 1

As Sandy approached her parents bedroom door, she could hear strange 
sounds coming for the room. Being eleven, she never heard such sounds 
before, sounds of moaning and giggling. She knew that her parents were 
away, so she opened the door to see what was happening.

 Once inside she could not believe her eyes. For there were her sisters, 
Susan and Donna, naked. Susan's head was buried deep in Donna's pussy, 
rubbing her tongue up and down Donna's clit.

Donna's back was arched and she was grinding her pussy into Susan's 
hungry mouth.

 "Suck my cunt, bitch, suck it hard. Yes, Yes, Oh God, Yes." Donna 
shouted as she grabbed Susan's hair and forced her head down onto her 
cunt.

Susan's ass was in the air and she had one hand between her legs rubbing 
her pussy and moaning with delight.

 "What the hell are you two doing?" Sandy asked. "What's the matter with 
you? Wait until mom and dad get home. I'm gonna tell them everything!" 
Startled, Susan got up and leaned against the bedroom door. Sandy looked 
at her and then back at Donna. She knew that something was going to 
happen, but she had no idea what they had in mind. "Maybe we should 
teach big mouth here a lesson. Something she will never forget, how 
'bout it Susan?" Donna gave a wicked smile.

 Looking at Susan, Sandy saw that she was rubbing her cunt, shoving her 
fingers in and out and laughing.

 "Yes, let's give the stupid slut a little lesson in respect." said 
Susan.

 Sandy looked at both sisters and became very scared.

 "Take off your clothes!" Donna demanded. Sandy looked at her in fear 
and then at Susan, who was now almost at the point of orgasm.

 "I said, take your clothes off. You little bitch!" demanded Donna.

 Sandy was frozen. She could not believe that her older sister was 
talking to her like this. It is true that they never got along like true 
sisters. Donna was much closer to Susan, who was closer to her age. 
Sandy was always considered the "accident" of the family. She was six 
years younger then Donna, and 3 years younger than Susan.

 "I think she could use a little help, Susan. I don't feel like waiting 
all day." Donna said with a slight touch of anger in her voice.

 Susan moved towards Sandy. She grabbed her frilly little-girl blouse 
and lifted it over her head. Sandy began to whimper a little like a dog, 
and this brought pleasure to both the sisters. They laughed louder than 
before as Sandy was almost in tears. Next came the tight denim shorts 
which Susan pulled down to the floor and Sandy stepped out of. "Your 
first lesson will begin now, little girl." Donna said, and with the help 
of Susan, Sandy was thrown across the knee of Donna. With a loud smack 
Donna's hand came crashing down onto Sandy's little pantie-covered ass, 
making the young girl's body jump in surprise and in pain.

 "You have been a very bad little girl and you must be punished. You 
must never tell this to anyone, or we will do this to you every day. 
Your little ass will be so sore that you won't be able to sit for a 
month." Donna said with almost a laugh.

 Donna spanked her twenty more times. WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! Sandy jumped 
and writhed in pain and tears streamed down her face.

"I want to see how red her ass is!" Susan said.

"Yes, let's take a look!" said Donna as she pulled off Sandy's panties 
and let them drop to the floor. "That is very nice, very nice indeed." 
Donna said, glancing at the young ass over her knee. "It looks like a 
stop sign!" Susan said. Then the two sisters broke out in laughter. 
Sandy tried to struggle away.

"Where do you think you are going?" asked Donna giving her two more 
smacks. "We haven't even begun." Donna pushed Sandy off her knee as she 
toppled to the floor, whimpering when her head banged against the hard 
wood.

Pulling herself up onto her knees  Sandy had her head bowed, her tears 
dripping onto the floor, 

 Sitting on the bed with her legs crossed, Donna looked at her little 
sister.

 "Come over here and kiss my feet. Be a good little slave and suck my 
toes." Sandy slowly moved towards Donna. She had to do what she said, to 
avoid being spanked again. Slowly, she started to kiss Donna's feet. 
Starting at the heel and slowly working her way down to her toes.

"Good little slut sister. Suck my toes. That's a good girl, that's a 
good slave. Lick the soles of my feet." Sandy slowly licked the bottom 
of Donna's foot. Long licks, starting at the back and ending at her 
toes, then inbetween each one to get at the little bits of dirt between 
them.

Donna let out a little moan. Sandy thought her sister had pretty feet, 
but they didn't taste or smell very nice. Still she was glad that her 
sister was enjoying this. That meant that she would not get hit again.

Donna motioned Susan to the bed.

"Lay across the bed, dear." said Donna "I think our sister is hungry." 
Sandy looked up at her sisters and noticed that Susan was now on the 
edge of the bed, her legs bent and her cunt was hanging over the foot of 
the bed. Donna grabbed Sandy by her pony tail and looked into her eyes.

"Poor little sister. You look so scared." Donna laughed "Have you ever 
tasted pussy before?" Sandy looked at her, wiped a tear from her cheek 
and shook her head. "Then you are in for a surprise, little girl." Donna 
said with a smile. She pulled Sandy over to the edge of the bed, about a 
foot from Susan's spread pussy.

 "Bend over, I want you to kiss her cunt." said Donna as she pushed 
Sandy's face into Susan's crotch. Sandy started to struggle to avoid 
having to lick Susan's pussy.

 "I said kiss it!" said Donna, spanking Sandy again on her now bright 
red ass. "Stick your tongue in it." Sandy stuck out her tongue and 
tasted Susan's salty, creamy cunt. She started to lick her pussy, with 
little circles. She shoved her tongue in deeper and Susan started to 
moan.

 "Good little girl, you are making your sister very happy, listen to 
her, she likes it. Don't you Susan?" asked Donna "Yes, Oh, Yes. Suck me 
you little cunt. Suck my pussy. Oh yes! Oh yes! Deeper, faster, suck me 
faster!" Susan moaned.

 "You heard her, bitch. Shove your tongue in deeper. Lick her faster. 
Move your mouth around her clit." Donna said, pushing her face deeper 
into Susan's cunt. Sandy started to whimper, tears rolled down her 
cheek. She had Susan's clitoris in her mouth and she was sucking it. 
Susan burst into orgasm and Sandy could feel the wetness growing in 
Susan's cunt. Susan now grabbed her Sandy's head and pushed it deeper 
into her cunt.

 "Oh, you little bitch. You're making me cum. Don't stop. Make me cum 
more. I want to cover your face in my juice. Yes, baby-sis, suck my 
cunt." Susan said, twisting and turning on the bed. Grinding her hips 
into Sandy's face.

 Donna got up and walked out of the room and into her room. She searched 
her draws, and found the strap on dildo that Susan and her used to play 
with. She strapped it on and walked back into the room. Just in time to 
notice Susan cumming for the fourth or fifth time. "That's enough! Now 
it is time for a little change of pace." said Donna.

 She roughly grabbed Sandy by her hair and pulled her straight up. She 
pulled her over to the side of the bed and forced her down so that her 
stomach was on the bed and her ass was over the edge. Donna stopped to 
admire the tight little ass of her sister and you could almost see her 
drooling with envy.

Susan got up, still a little dazed at the licking that she just 
received. She walked over to the other side of the bed and knelt on  
Sandy's upstretched arms so that they were extended over her head. She 
knelt down to look her right in the eye.

 "You're gonna like this, little one." said Susan with a smile, then 
kneeling up again dribbled a glob of saliva onto the little girl's neck.

"Spread your legs, bitch!" said Donna. Sandy did not move.

 "I said spread your legs!" Donna said as she smacked her ass again. The 
little girl was crying too much to move, so she grabbed each ankle and 
forced them apart, waiting for Susan to lean forward and pull them 
painfully back.

 "That's better. Let's see." Donna said as she poked a finger into 
Sandy's cunt. "Your cunt's very dry! You'd better start having some 
naughty thoughts or it's going to be awfully sore!" giggled Donna.

She reached down and placed the 9" man-sized dildo's head against her 
eleven year old sister's hairless pussy lips. "There. Now we are ready." 
snickered Donna "Here comes Mr. Penis!" she laughed as she threw her 
body forwards and watched the dildo judder deeply into Sandy's tight 
schoolgirl cunt.

Sandy let out a scream of agony as it ripped through her hyman, bashed 
against the roof of her vagina, and pushed into her pre-pubescent womb! 
Donna felt a moisture against her thighs and saw that her sister was 
urinating onto the bed.

Susan got a kick out of that and started to laugh.

"I think she likes it." said Susan "I think she really likes it." Sandy 
was shaking from side to side and  tried to struggle free, but she 
couldn't move. Susan had her arms and legs and Donna was pushing her 
from the back. She had to take it. She was going nowhere. Donna was 
pumping her faster. Moving the dildo in and out faster and faster, and 
with every thrust Sandy would gasp for air. Donna would smack her ass 
and back with every thrust.

 "Take this, baby-bitch." Donna said as she shoved the dick deeper than 
it had ever gone before.

 "OWWWW! That hurts. Please stop, please. You are hurting me so much!" 
Sandy sobbed.

"I will do whatever I want to you, slave. You are our bitch. You will do 
what we say. Do you understand?" Donna asked as she grabbed Sandy's hair 
and lifted her face from the bed. 

"DO YOU UNDERSTAND !?!?!" Sandy was crying to much to answer her. All 
she could do was say "Yes" in a weak little tone between sobs.

 "Good. That's a good little girl." said Donna "Now, we are going to the 
bathroom for a little more fun." Donna slammed into Sandy once more 
before pulling out. She removed the harness form her waist, wiped the 
blood and cum from it onto Sandy's pretty white blouse and raised Sandy 
from the bed by her ponytail.

Susan got up as well. She had a wicked smile on her face. As if she knew 
what Donna was going to do to Sandy. Once all three girls reached the 
bathroom, Sandy had stopped crying. She did not know what was to happen 
next. Perhaps she was to scared to cry.

 "Get into the tub and lay down." said Donna "Lay down on your back and 
look up at us." Sandy carefully stepped into the tub and lay down. Donna 
straddled herself on either end of the tub and started to spread her 
lips.

"I am going to give you a Golden Shower. Do you know what that is?" 
Sandy just shook her head. The looked of fear in her face amused Donna. 
She looked at Susan, who was on the toilet playing with herself. Susan 
was very excited. She couldn't wait to see Sandy with piss all over her 
face and body. She was rubbing her clit with the end of a toothbrush. 
Bringing herself to instant orgasm.

 Donna started to urinate onto Sandy's face. Sandy couldn't believe what 
was happening. As the golden stream hit her face she began to twist and 
choke. The warm liquid rolled over her cheek and in her hair. It tasted 
very salty. Donna moved back and was now pissing on her young tits. Soon 
she could piss no more and called Susan over to give the little bitch 
some more. In a flash the two sisters changed places. Now it was Susan 
who was doing the pissing and Donna was watching in delight. Sandy was 
hoping that it would stop. For what was 2 minutes seemed like hours. 
Finally Susan was through and got off the tub.

 "Poor little girl is all wet." Donna said very sarcastically. "You need 
to be cleaned up. Very well, get up but stay in the tub." Donna reached 
for the shower massage and pulled it down. She turned on the hot water 
and started to rinse off Sandy's body, knowing from the steam that it 
would leave her sore all over. When she was done, she turned off the 
water and bent Sandy over, exposing her cute little ass.

"It seems as if your asshole is a little dirty. I can take care of 
that." Donna said and looked at Susan.

Without saying a word Susan left the room and returned shortly with an 
enema bag. She handed the nossel to Donna and hung the bag on the shower 
curtain bar.

 "NO, NO, Please don't do that. I'll be a good girl, I promise." Sandy 
cried.

 "Shut up!" Donna said smacking her wet ass "Don't say a fucking word, 
you little baby cunt!" Sandy started to cry, that smack stung on her wet 
burning behind. It felt like little needles. Frighten and scared she 
watched Donna as she bent her over and started to spread her cheeks.

 "I am going to get a real kick out of this. I can't wait to see you 
'fill up'." Donna said with a dominating tone in her voice.

She watched as Susan used the shower to fill the bag half full with more 
boiling water. Susan giggled, reached down to the floor and picked up 
some bottles. She emptied half the first bottle into the bag. "Some nice 
bubbly bath foam!" She then opened another "and some stingy detergent 
toilet cleaner!"

When Susan finished talking Donna pushed the nossel deep into Sandy's 
asshole. Once in place, Susan turned on the valve and the water started 
to flow into Sandy's butt hole.

The water seared the inside of Sandy's rectum, and the detergent burnt 
even more, making the innocent little girl scream like a stuck pig. 
"STOOOOPPPPPP! PLEASE STOP. I'M BURNING!!!!!" "Be quite slutty slave. We 
haven't even gotten halfway done" said Donna, blowing a kiss to Susan 
then giving her a "you slut!" look when she realised she'd just taken a 
shit while masturbating herself!

Once the water was emptied from the bag, Donna removed the nossel and 
pushed a wine cork into her stretched little pink anus. Sandy was 
clutching at her grossly distended tummy, as the liquid burnt against 
the insides of her tummy.

Susan stood up from the toilet, having cleaned her ass and stopping 
masturbating for a moment, and came to help Donna. Together they grabbed 
Sandy's ankles and lefted her by them so that she was hanging upside 
down in the air. They carried her across the room, then dropped her, 
head first into the basin of the toilet. When Sandy looked down, she saw 
Susan's toilet all over the inside of the bowl, then moments later felt 
herself falling into it. Her scream stopped as her face entered the 
muddy water much to the two girl's delight.

They looked as Sandy's bottom and franttically waving legs poked out of 
the bowl, and started bouncing her up and down, letting her just start 
to breath in, then letting her down into the water again. They saw that 
the bubble bath in the enema bag was starting to work as the little girl 
started to look like she was nine months pregnant! Then they pulled her 
out, dropping her onto the floor, and Donna pulled the cork from Sandy's 
ass.

Holding hands, they watched as the water from the eleven year old's 
bowels shot to the other end of the stall and dripped down the wall.

 "That's a good little bitch!" Donna said as she watched the brown 
liquid gush from Sandy's ass. "You are very dirty. Very dirty indeed. I 
think we will have to do it again." Susan refilled the bag again and 
hung it back up. "Climb into the tub"

 "Here you go little girl. One more time." Donna said as she inserted 
the nossel again into Sandy's anus.

 Susan once again turned on the valve and the water started to flow. 
Sandy bowed her head and felt the agony in her stomach. Finally the 
liquid stopped and the nossel was removed. This time the water was 
clear. Donna rinsed her little sister's hair with the shower, cleaning 
away the shit from the toilet, then took the bag down from the bar and 
gave it to Susan, who at the moment looked kinda depressed, wanting to 
give one more to her sister.

"Now you are a clean little whore. MY clean little whore. Get on your 
knees in front of me." Donna demanded.

 Sandy stepped forward and fell to her knees in front of Donna. Her head 
was bowed, like a good little slave.

Donna grabbed her wet hair and pulled her towards her. "I want you to 
satisfy ME now, bitch!" Donna said "Suck my cunt. Suck it clean." Sandy 
started to lick her sisters cunt. She was somewhat of a pro now. After 
all, she had experience.

 Donna leaned up against the wall and started to cum.

 "Ohhhh..." moaned Donna "Suck me, suck me" Soon Donna was cumming. She 
started to buckle and shake. Sandy did not want her sister to cum. She 
did not want her to receive satisfaction when all she felt all day was 
fear and pain.

She tried to pull away but Donna forced her back into her cunt.

 "I'm going to cum.....You little bitch....I'm going to cuuummmm..... 
Ahhhhhhhhhhh...... Yessss...... Yesssssssss...!!!

 At once, a thick creamy substance started to flow from Donna's crotch. 
Sandy did not know what it was, but it must have felt good judging by 
the way that Donna reacted. Soon it was over and Donna was trying to 
catch her breath.

 "That was great! You are a good slave." Donna said Sandy was glad to 
hear that, thinking that this ordeal would soon be over. But she was 
mistaken as Donna grabbed her hair and yanked her head back, so that she 
was looking straight at her.

 "Never pull away from me again, cunt, when I am about to cum. I could 
have lost my whole orgasm! You are a bad bitch, and I will have to 
punish you again real soon!!

 With that being said, Donna let go of Sandy's hair and walked out of 
the room. Sandy remained and started to cry. She could hear the two 
sisters talking and laughing in the next room.

 She was wondering what they were planning for her next .........
--
