Copyright © 1997,   GoDSpiT,   ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




Living Under One Roof      (Incest, Teen, Pedophilia,  Cons, M/f, M/f/f,  M/M/F more)
By:  GoDSpiT

--------This story came to me in a dream.  I wanted to put it out on paper before it became to late and I forgot what I was going to write.   The story is one about a family that changes  the ideas of every other family.   There are many surpises along the way and there are also many more things that people would not expect.  I wanted to make this story fun but also bring some of my characters to a diffrent kind of life this time around. -----GoDSpiT 1997

Characters:

The McClanes:
Sarah:  6 years old,  daughter of Paul's Uncle and aunt
Jenn:  13 years old,  Oldest daughter of Pauls distant family
Randy:   9 year old,  daughter of Paul's aunt and uncle
Wern:  11 years old,  daugher of Paul's aunt and uncle
Willam JR.:  8 years old,  son of Pauls' aunt and uncle
Adam:  11 years old,  son of Paul's aunt and uncle,  twin brother of Wern
Willam Senior:  45 years old,  Paul's Uncle
Samantha:  39 years old,  Paul's Aunt
Tuckers:
Paul:  24 years old,  living with his least known aunt and uncle to take control of one of the family farms someday
Erin:  18 years old,  Paul's girlfriend
Wendy:  13 years old,  Erins younger sister
Marilyn:  8 years old,  Paul's Younger sister
Anna:  38 years old, Paul's father's wife
Their Friends:
Tina:  8 years old,  a friend of Willams
Anna:  6 years old,  a friend of Sarah's
More characters added later in story maybe.

Living Under One Roof
Part I:  New Beginnings

Chapter I.

Paul hated the idea of moving onto the farm of his  distant Uncle Willam, it was possibly the worst idea that his parents had ever had.   Paul had always wanted to learn how to  run a farm and maybe one day own one of the families many farms, but he would have choosen another Uncle's farm to live on.   Paul had heard many things about his Uncle Willam.   That the man was a sick old bastard who liked to tease the help.   Also it didn't really help matters in Paul's mind that there was not going to be any girls around his age for him to look at.    Even his girlfriend Erin would not be comming down to the farm till later that year.

Paul hated many of these ideas that his parents had been giving him.   Lately he was just glad to be away from the whole lot of them.   So maybe going to a distant family memebers house was the best answer after all.  But with no cute girls to look at what was the point.     Paul had  before he met Erin fooled around with so many girls his own age.   There had been Tammy in the 11th grade who had let him fuck her in the bathroom between classes.    Paul had loved her thrill of doing it anywhere and everywhere she went.    That was something that Paul did not find in Erin but what he did find in her was so many things worth living for.   Paul woke up the morning that he was leaving and would not see his family for a whole  year or more.  

Paul walked out of the door and down the streets two houses to his 18 year old girlfriends house.   Erin's parents didn't like Paul that much because they felt that he was not going to be doing anything with his life and also he was too old for there daughter.   Paul knocked on the door of her house and waited for someone to answer.  Her  younger sister Wendy answered the door and Paul looked down at the 13 year old.   She was cute with small just developing breasts and cute large blue eyes just like her sister.  One day she would look as Erin did now.   Wendy said as she opened the door,  "She's upstairs but I think she is still asleep."   Paul nodded and ruffled her hair then ran up the stairs to her sisters room.

Paul noodded on the door and Erin said soflty,  "Come in."   Paul opened the door and was greated by the sight of his girlfriend totally naked.   Her large C cup breasts were so beautiful with there small round nipples.   Her pussy was covered in dark blonde hair.   Brian pulled down his pants and his underwear to reveal his large hard cock  it was 8 inches long.  "Oh Paul look at that hard thing."  Paul himself was handsome, with short cut sandy brown hair and a slight build.   His eyes were a dark deep blue.   He was 6 feet 5 inches tall and he was one of the most wanted men at his college.

Paul pulled a comdom out of her drawer and slipped it onto his hard organ.    Erin spread her legs and Brian climbed on top of her.  "Comeon Big boy fuck me one last time before you leave for a year or more."   Brian fucked Erin like he had not done in a year or so.  He let his whole load into his comdom twice before pulling out of her and letting her go back to sleep.   When she was asleep he  slipped his clothes back on and left the house.   He only had two more hours before he had to get on a plane and leave town for two years or more.

Paul packed his bags and took them downstairs.  It was now 8 in the morning.   Paul waited till his stepmother was up and comming out of the room.   His sister was sititng in front of the television  wearing a night shirt that went down to the middle of her thighs.    Her hair was up in pigtails which went good with the freckles on her nose.   She was so cute sometimes it made him sick.     His stepmom came out of her room and sat down on the couch.   Paul felt his cock starting to get hard in his pants again.   She was hot.  At only 38 years old and after having only 1 kid (Paul's sister Marilyn) (she was named after the movie star)  her breasts were larege D cups and the nipples were poking though her night gown.   She had dark red hair on her head and blue eyes like her daughter.  If that was what Marilyn looked like one day Paul would love to see it.  

He turned to her and said.  "I must be going Anna.  It is time that I get out of here and move on with my life."

Anna said.  "I understand Paul and I want to wish you luck.  I remember being 24 and wanting to get out of my own house also.   It has been a great 9 years having  you here with me since your mother left us all.   Paul I want you to know that you always have a family here at this house."

Paul nodded and stood up.  He walked towards the door and his 8 year old sister  Marilyn jumped up from her seat revealing her small pink panties.   Paul sweeped her into his arms and  smiled down at his younger sister.  "By bubba I'm gonna miss ya."  Paul smiled and kissed her check.   He could feel her small pussy pushing though his stomach and his cock started to harden in his pants.   'what am I thinking.  I shouldn't be  attracted to a little girl this young and also my sister.'   Paul let her down and let his erection calm down.   

He walked towards the door and Marilyn followed him. Paul opened the door and his sister stood in the door way.   Paul ruffled her soft red hair and walked out of the house closing the door behind him.  Paul was  ready now for the future of his life.   He was ready to move on.    It was time to take the reigns and learn how to do something with his life.

Chapter II.

Paul walked off of the plane early the next morning in Dallas Texas.   He walked out of the terminal and looked around the airport for the sign that would be held up with his name on it.    He found the sign it was being held by a man in a fancy suite.  Paul walked over to him and said,  "I am Paul Tucker."   The man noddedand  turned walking towards the baggage pick up.   They waited for Paul's four bags and the man carried them.  Paul climbed into the back seat of the limo and the man put the bags up in the back of the limo.   A few minutes later the car pulled away from the curb and Paul lays back relaxing.   He closed his eyes and thought about what it was going to be like. Living on the farm one day in the future with his girl Erin and their children who would all be as cute as their mother and father.  Paul smiled at himself and let himself sleep.

The limo arrived at the house a few hours later.   The door on the left side of  Paul opened and he got out of the car.   The house was small and their was a small farm around it.   The sun was raditing above after a three hour drive it was now noon.   Paul looked over at the driver who was pulling out the bags.  "Mr.  Tucker this is where you will be living for the summer and maybe longer.  Mr.  Green felt that his newphew should yes get some help if he wants to take over one of the family farms some day, but he did not feel that  you should be interfering with the normal day to day lifes of his family.   So you will be living here for now.   But first lets go you must meet Mrs.  Green your Aunt.   She wants to introduce you to her children who will sometimes be on  your farm I am sure.   Just one warning the help is all tired of living here on this plantation.   Not because they feel that it is slavery but because the money keeps decreasing as Mr. Green is away more and more running some of his businesses."  Paul nods as the driver walks to the door of his new house and unlockes the door putting his bags right inside and closing and locking the door.   Then the driver gave Paul the keys and opened the door of the car for him.

Paul climbed in and the driver got in his own seat.    The car took off down the road agian.  Paul had thought that he would be learning from his uncle directly or at least with his Uncle's workers.   He sighed.  Now he was going to be running a farm of his own.  He wondered how many people he would have working for him.   He did not suspect that he would be getting any help.   The farm was small and it would be easy to work on.   The car arrived at a  large two story house that had stood on  the farm for about 19 years now.   The limo stopped and the driver pulled open the door  letting Paul out.   He walked up to the door and knocked on it.  He did not have to wait long.

The door was answered by who Paul guessed was one of his cousins.    She was tall for her age about 5'6" or so.    She had  high cheeks and long blonde hair that went  down to the middle of her back.  She had dark blue eyes and a little tiny cute nose.   Her little body was just starting to develop.   She had small  round apple sized breasts and small just forming hips.   She was wearing a bathing suit which ment that she had just gotten done swimming.   "Can I help you?"  She asked.

Paul smiled and cleared his voice,  "Yes I am your cousin Paul Tucker, I am here to see your mother and father."

The girl smiled and said,  "Well you can talk to my mom but my father is not here as usual."   Paul nodded and followed the girl into the living room and then around a couch into the back of the house.   They went around a corner and came to the masterbed room.   The girl knocked and went into the room.   Her mother was sitting in a chair reading a book.  "Momma,  Cousin Paul is here."  

Paul's Aunt Smantha looked up and smiled,  "Go back to your work Jenn."   The girl nodded and left the room.  "So Paul you arrive at last.  When I heard you wanted to go into the family business I had to see if it was really true and I supppose it is."    She smiled and stood up.  "Give me a hug I have'nt seen you since  Betty's wedding and well in a few months we can expect her to get married again to another  boy in New  York."   Paul smiled and huged  her.   Aunt Samantha was a very good women, Paul still could not believe that she had stayed married to Uncle Will for so long.  Paul let go of his aunt and she sat back down.  "So Paul come sit down and talk for awhile, then I will introduce  you to the k ids."  Paul nodded and sat down to talk.

A few minutes later they walked out of her room and  went into the living room.  The kids were all in the room already watching television.   It was Paul supposed the perfect time to introduce him to the kids.   There mother walked over to where the kids were and said,  "Kids its time to introduce you to your cousin Paul."   All 6 kids stood up and Paul looked at them all.   The first kid to come forward was also the oldest.  "This is Jenn."   Jenn was the oldest and the one that had opened the door for Paul.   The next child in line was  a  young boy.

The boy was about eleven  years old and his mother said,  "This is my son Adam."   Paul nodded. 

"Hello Adam."  The boy smiled.  He had a large girn to go with his beautiful green eyes and short cut light brown hair.    He was also tall for his age about 5'5" or so.   The boy was rather handsome for his eleven years of age.

The mother pointed to the next child in line.  A girl as tall as her brother Adam and with much the same features.  "This is Adam's twin sister Wern."   The girl smiled and Paul was struck by how beautiful she was.   Her hair was lighter brown than even her twin brothers.   It was almost blonde but not quite and had a strawberry color quality to it.   Her eyes were large and a deep dark brown almost black.   Her nose was small and slighlty turned up.  Paul felt his cock starting to harden in his pants.   He tried to control it but in moments it was fully hard.  What was going on he was looking at an 11 year old for godsake and getting turned on.   He noticed that she was wearing a tight shirt that still showed off her very flat chest.   Her legs were long and slender as were her arms.   Paul smiled at her and then her mother continued on.  "This is my 9 year old daughter Randy."

Paul looked over at Randy she had curly brown hair that went down to the collar of the large shirt she was wearing.  Her nose was also small and  turned up.  Her  eyes were a dark green and small.  Her mouth was full and beautiful.    Paul smiled at her also.   His hardon began to thump in his pants.   What was going on here.  He thought to himself.   I have a girlfriend who I love a lot and I  am not suppose to feel something for little girls anyways.   Paul looked past Randy who was judging by the long shirt and biker shorts which Paul noticed were really tight around her. . . Paul looked past Randy and at the next  kid a small boy who was rather short compared to the two girls standing next to him.  "This is my other son Willam Jr."

The boy was only about 5'2" or so.  He had short brown hair and dark green eyes that were penetrating.  His hair was also curly but not as much as Randy's.  "And last but not least we come to my daughter Sarah.  Sarah is 6  years old."  Paul smiled at Sarah.  She was very cute.  With light blonde hair that went down to the nice curve of her. . .stop thinking that way!  Paul says to himself.   Her eyes were very captivating dark blue with small flecks of green in them.   Paul liked the way her tummy curved out slightly it made his cock want to. . . STOP IT!  he screams at himself.  I am not suppose to think this way about children, not when I have someone at home that I love.   

"So nice to meet all of you."  Paul says.   The mother looks at him strangly for a second before she lets the kids go.

"Well Paul why don't you go get settled at your house.  I wish you could stay with us but its's your uncle he thinks that you should stay here by yourself."   Paul nodded and walked back out the limo.   What was going on?  He asked himself as he climbed into the car and it drove off back to his new home.

Chapter III.

Paul got back to  his small house and went into the bed room.  His cock was still hard and pounding in his pants.  He pulled them down and took off his shorts.    Paul looked down at his hard organ and said,  "What am I thinking about.  I must be crazy finding little girls sexy.  Is this what happens when  a man my age is deprived of sex for only two days?  He gets so fucking horney that he even looks at little girls?   that can't be  right.  Cause I have gone before with out sex for a  year or two.  Of course I was not around any girls but still!   God Paul is this how you really think?  NO!  I can't think this way about little girls expecially not my cousins.   For godsakes its wrong to even think about doing something to a little girl.

Paul laid down in his bed and decided to take a nice relaxing nap.   He let his eyes close and made his body start to relax.  A dream took shape before his very eyes.   Paul was walking upstairs towards  an atic or something.  He opened the door and laying on a bed in the atic totally naked was small little Randy.    Her curly hair was so beautiful and her eyes so bright.   She had her legs spread wide open as if saying that she was ready.   Her little pussy lips were white a pale  white much like the rest of her body.   She was breathing hard as if she was turned on.   Paul looked down and saw that his cock was sticking straight up and ready for action.   But it was bigger than in real life.   Paul walked over to where the girl was and he looked down at her.   He heard her little voice speak,  "Paul are you going to. . .going to put that huge thing in me?"  

Out of his own violation Paul  nodded and climbed on top of the small little girl.  He could not help himself it was just like his sister how he had always wanted to do her but never had the courage to even  admit it to himself.  Paul pushed into the little girl and he saw tears appear in her eyes. . .

Paul woke up from the dream and pulled the covers off.  His cock was standing straight up from the dream.  "I'm a fucking sicko."  He said aloud to himself.   "What in the fuck am I thinking wanting to touch a little girl.   Hurting them like that.  It would give a little thing like Randy or even Jenn so much pain currently and later on in life also.  What in the fuck is wrong with me."  The more Paul thought about it though he could not shake the feeling that he wanted  little pussy.  He had wanted it since he had been 12.     Paul had gone with his father to see Paul's relaltives on his fathers side.   They had spent a whole week there and all Paul could remember was looking at his nine year old cousin in her bathing suit and getting his first hard on ever.   Paul still remembered what it had been like when he had accidently walked in on her changing in her bedroom.    Her little pussy had been so clear of hair and it had been beautiful.

Paul of course had closed the door immediatly as not to let her know that he had been looking.   God it had been a weird experience even for Paul.   As he remembered that week Paul slowly stroked his hard cock.   He could feel it  building up and he knew that if he continued thinking that way and stroking himself that he would cum.   Paul had not masturbated since he met Erin she was always ready to help him with any problem he might have.    Of course Paul had been dening his true feelings all along.   How many times he had pushed the thought of fucking her  13 year old sister Wendy or how he had always wanted to fuck his own little sister.   Paul had pushed it all back to the back of his head and though about things that "real" men thought about.   Girls with large breasts and large round butts.   But a part of Paul had known all along that it was false.

And now that he was in the middle of know where, where young girls were all around him Paul could not help but feel the need to. . .What the fuck am I thinking.  Paul says to himself.   He looks down at his hard cock and removes his hand from it.   It was fully erect all 8 inches of it were there.   Paul stood up and walked to a closet mirror and looked at his stiff hard erect cock.    How he wanted to ram it into a little girls pu. . .what in the fuck am I thinking.  Paul says to himself agian.  Paul lays down in bed and takes out a picture of Erin totally naked.   The girl may never have had sex before Paul but she was not shy about showing her body off for Paul or a camera.  Paul looked at her large breasts and the large tuft of hair that covered her whole pussy.   Paul loved this girl not only for her body but her mind also.   She was  thin very thin.   Paul looked at her body and reached down to stroke his hard. . .what in the hell, he thought.   Paul put the picture down and looked down at his cock it was still slightly stiff but as he looked at the picture of her longer and longer and told himself that he was turned on by her nothing happend to his cock it just got smaller.

"What the fuck is going on here with me."  Paul stood up and walked over to the sink in the kitchen.  "I can't be attracted to Pre-teen girls I can't be.  Pedophiles are sicko's they ruin children's lifes and they hurt children."  Paul turnes the water on and splashes some water on his face.  He tries to regain focus of himself and then looks down at the picture of his girlfriend Erin.   Her large breast and large ammount of hair on her pussy just didn't turn Paul on anymore.  In fact it  kinda made him sick.   Paul walked over to his chair where he had laid his pants and pulled out his wallet.   He flipped  though till he found a picture of his little sister a year ago in her tights.     She was so beautiful and she had such lovely thin legs and a flat waist.  Her little chest was flat and looked so nice to touch.   Her arms were thin and she had her hair put up in pigtails.   Paul reached down and gripped his hard cock and started to stroke it.  She was smiling the smile that Paul loved so much.    Paul started to rub his cock harder and faster. . ."What am I doing."  Paul closes his wallet and looks at the picture of Erin while stroking his hard on.   He looked at the picture and as he stroked his hard cock he felt it start to soften.  No matter how hard Paul stroked it his cock would not stay hard while he looked at the picture of Erin.

Paul put the picture away and laid back down in his bed.   He was a pedophile a fucking pedo.  He liked little girls and he was damned to rape and murder them.  And do it all just to get his fill of little girl flesh.  Paul rollled over and soflty started to cry into his pillow something he had not done since he had been 11.   Paul let his tears flow.  He was damned to go to jail and be killed there.   Damned to die because he was messed up.   Sleep took Paul in a matter of minutes. 

Chapter IV.

Randy looked over at her mother who was watching the small television kept in the kitchen.   She wanted to go out and play with the dogs or climb a few trees before dark but her mother had said no not now because Randy needed to let her cousin get settled in his new house before she ran off and climbed the trees by his house.   Randy already didn't like her cousin he was ruining her fun.  But then again maybe it wasn't really his fault she thought.   After all he was not the one saying now it was her mother.   Randy heard a crash behind the kitchen doors and watched as the cook came out of the door.   The cook walked over to her mother and said,  "Mrs.  McClane?"

"Yes Martha."  Martha the cook was a large women with red hair that was always tied up in a bun and a mole under her bottom lip.   Randy thought Martha was ugly but never said anything because that would be wrong.   

"We recived our pay today from  your darling husband who is never home.  It has lessoned again.  I told that man that if he continued to lower it that all the help would walk and it looks like it will happen."

Randy's mother looked up at Martha.  "You can't be serious I need  your help.  I have to have help I can't run this house alone not with all the kids and all the crap that I would have to do."   Randy's mother looked back at Martha and saw that the girl was not  joking and tears started to appear in her eyes.  "Oh God you are serious.  You can't leave us Martha.  I already lost half the staff last time and this time if you go the rest of the staff will certintly go.   You are the only person they trust."

Martha looked  at  Mrs.  McClaine.  "I have been offered a better paying job and am taking it tonight.  I will finish your dinner and then you can inform your husband that all the help has left."   With that the cook turned back and went back to her work in the back room.    Randy's mother broke into tears and Randy stood up.   She walked over to her mother and put a  hand on her.  

"it'll be okay  mom I promise."  Her mother pushed Randy away and looked down at the girl.

"You don't understand anything.   I can't do anything in this house and keep all you kids in line.  It is just impossible. "   Randy just left the room and went up to her bed room on the second floor.   Her mother was impossible.  If the women would wake up and realize that the kids were all old enough to take care  of each other  and that most of them were already mautre enough to instead of keeping her eyes blind.  Hell,  Randy thought to herself,  she never did anything to raise us anyways.  Always had a nanny or some crap.    Randy knew her mother really did not love anything execept her fathers money.  Which was all pointless anyways since it was dwendiling away in his gambling.   Randy sighed and laid down on her bed.   The house was quite but she knew that tomorrow all the help would be leaving for a finale goodbye and then in a few weeks her mother would be gone also to where ever her father was to bring him home.   Randy looked out her window and wondered breifly who would take care of her and the rest of the family?

***

Samantha was on the phone with her husband soon after the help had started to  leave the house.   She did not see Paul walking up to the door and looking at all the people leaving.   She did not see him walk into the living room and then  follow her voice into the dinning room.    She did not see him until he opened the door to the dinning room.   "Aunt Samantha why is all your help leaving in such a rush something I should know about."  Samantha looked up from her phone conversation and said something a low voice.

"Paul come sit down.  I am talking to your uncle right now.    All the help is leaving for new jobs because your Uncle has cut their pay again.   I was just asking him if you could move in here and help with any problems that I might need  your help for like in the yard and such."   Paul listned as she continued.  "Of course you will be not be paid after all you plan to take over this farm or another one one day do you not and this is great learning experience for you.   Oh don't worry about the planting and such,  that help only comes on during planting season and they get paid in full no matter what.   Planting season is still three months away and  in two days I must leave for a confernse of Women Farmers and then head for where ever your uncle is and we are going to spend a week together alone and then come home.   By that time planting season will be a month away.   You of course will only have to take care of the kids and the front yard which is not that hard to mow because we have a sit mower."

Paul nodded and he said,  "I will help anyway I can Aunt Samantha."   She smiled and went back to the phone call.  Paul got up and walked out of the room.   He was going to be spending a lot of time alone with his young cousins.   It could be dangerous or maybe not.   Paul had sat up all night thinking about what was going on with him and realized something important.  While he may want to do things to little girls he would never force himself on them they were to sweet and pretty and too young for someone to force into anything.  Paul decided that while he was messed up he was not sick.  He would look and wish but unless they were willing Paul would not do anything to them.

Chapter V.

 The next morning Paul packed his bags  back up (what he had already unpacked) and  drove them over to his Aunt's house.   In the house he followed her upstairs and around one of the corners.   The doors to Randy and  Wern's rooms were open and the two girls were both laying on there beds wearing night shirts and shorts.   Paul could see the round  little asses that both girls had as he walked past.  His cock started to harden in his pants, Paul ignored it for now.   His Aunt opened the door to the guest room.  It was small but not as small as the room in the little house he was staying in.  The  bed was a queen sized bed and the room had a modern Television set with cable hooked up to it.  There was one large window and a connection to a bathroom that he would share with Randy.

His Aunt looked around, "The room has not been used in about a year or so, but that is okay, we will set it up all nice and neat.  I need to get you some sheets for the bed.    You will be sharing a bathroom with Randy she is not that much trouble, if you are in the bathroom she will know to wait and  of course if she is in you will wait."    His aunt smiled and settled down on the bed.   "Paul the children are not that much of hard work and I will be able to care for them though I may need your help from now to then."  She paused and looked around the room for a breif second.  "Eventually I will have to go up north for a conference and then  I will meet there father for our annavirsory.    Then we should be back here in no time.   While we are gone I  would like for you to care for the children and the house as much as possible.  If you have a problem with any of this let me know before I make  plans."   Her eyes were almost pleading him not to make trouble for her already made plans.   

Paul sighed and said,  "Do not worry Aunt I am 24 years old I can handle 6 children."  

She stood and walked towards the door.  " Okay Paul I am going to go make dinner,  Jenn is going to help me tonight by tomorrow I should remember where everything is.   Why don't you unpack and I will send Randy for you when it is time to eat."  Paul nodded and his Aunt closed the door.   So here he was in a large two story mansion home and in the room right next to him was Randy a young 9  year old girl that in Paul's opinion was the  cutest of all the girls.   He sighed and laid down on the  bare matress.   Paul decided to take a small nap before dinner he could unpack later. . .

*********

Paul pushed his hand under his little sisters small panties she was only 5 years old.  He could not believe that he was in her bedroom and was actually doing this.  He could feel the damp little pussy lips when he reached them.  They were small and  perfect.  He could feel the puffy little lips.    As if in response to his touching of her most private parts little Marilyn spread her legs and Paul could explore even more of her body.   He let his hand wonder down the crack and he found the small little hole.   He let his pinky finger slip into her hole and felt her respond in her sleep.   He looked up at her face to make sure that she was sleeping then he continued.   He let his hand slide up further until he reached her small little erect clit.   He slid his hand around it and then he lightly touched it.   She moand and Paul pulled his hand out.   His cock was rock hard now and sticking out of his pants.    Paul was scared of waking her so he walked out of the room and went back to his. 

He laid down on his bed and thought about how it had felt to touch his sisters little clit and her little  body.   He was strocking his hard on and thinking of what it felt like touching her.    He felt it building up in his cock and  grabbed a sheet and let all of his cum shoot from his hard cock.   Paul let his cock shoot all of its load and then he laid back in bed thinking.   What had he been doing, touching his little sister like that.  He must have been crazy to do any of that.  It wasn't like he was deprived of sex or anything.  He had plenty from girls with large breasts small breasts medium sized ones or any ones.    Why in the fuck was he touching a preteen girl.   He was 21 years old what the fuck was he thinking.   It was disgusting only sickos tried to touch little girls and get in there panties.  Paul was no sicko he was normal he had to be.   

He had just been laying in bed  reading a book and thinking and there it was a thought that men were not suppose to have.   One of his little sister and her body.   What it would be like to cup her little ass in his hands as he pushed his hard cock into her. . .Or running his tounge over her pussy. . .or kissing her lips softly. . .or. . .or what?   Paul was becoming sick now remembering what he had just done to his little sister a five year old!  What the fuck had he been thinking.   Paul sighed and felt sleep taking him. 

And when he had woken in the morning his mind had erased the whole thing of it. . . Paul had not been ready to accept what he was. . .

**********

Paul woke from sleep and felt a hand shaking his shoulder,  "cousin Paul are you awake?"   Paul opened his eyes and saw little 9 year old Randy standing before him in a short summer dress.  Her long curly hair was haning in front of her face.   Paul's hand went up and pushed it back from her face and smiled at her.

"Yeah I am awake."   The girl smiled and Paul said,  "what do you want Randy?"

"Dinner is ready."  Paul nodded and she left the room.  He got up and looked at his closed doors then spoke to himself.  "What did I just do?   I pushed that hair back from her face that is a gesture that a man does to a women that he finds sexually attractive. . .what if she tells her mother about it then I will be in some deep shit."   He opens and closes the door behind him then joins everyone else for dinner.

Chapter VI.

 Randy sat down in her seat at the dinner table.   She pushed A stray strand of her curly hair out of her eyes and waited for Cousin Paul to arrive.   He had placed his hand in her hair and pushed a strain of it out of her eye.  Why had he done that?   Randy thought she would ask him tonight when she was sure that everyone else in the house was sound asleep.   She knew that she would not get the courage up that night to ask him though.  Randy sighed as she saw Cousin Paul walk into the  dinning room.   He sat across from her.   He was handsome,  Randy could not shake that one fact, she thought he was one of the most handsomest men in the world.   She did not really understand the feelings that he gave her when she looked at him.  Sometimes her blood would start to rush a little faster and she was sure that if he touched her hair again like he did before that her blood would rush even faster like it did before.    Randy smiled at her cousin.   Paul smiled back.

 Her mother and sister had cooked a light dinner of pot roast and corn with mashed potatos.   It did not look all that great.  Most of the food was over or even a little under cooked.   But after running and playing in the yard all afternoon Randy was famished.   She ate a small amount of corn and a large amount of mashed potatos, and even a smaller amount of  pot roast.   The roast was burnt and the corn a little under done.   Cousin Paul she noticed ate about as much as she did.  He did not talk much and she heard converstations around the table.   Sometimes questions were directed at Cousin Paul or her but most of the time both of them ate in silence.

Randy hated her appearnce every morning she woke up and hated it.    She was skinny too skinny she thought.  Her knees were knobby.    She had curly hair that went down a little longer than her collar,  her hair was dark brown and it was ugly becuase of the curls.   Her eyes were a dark almost cole black color (why couldn't she have eyes the color of the sky or the color of the grass)!   Her face had a row of freckles going across from one edge of her eyes over her nose and to the other edge of her eyes.   They were the worst part of her face.  

Dinner was over in about an hours worth of time.   Jenn helped Randy's mother clean the table and Paul said that he was going to go finish unpacking.   Though Randy knew that he was not done yet.   She wanted to help him unpack but she didn't know how to ask.   She was scared that he would say no.   Paul went upstairs and a few minutes later Randy followed him and went into the bathroom.   She was sitting on the toliet when she heard him speaking.  Randy decided to listen then go pee.   Cousin Paul was saying,  ". . .this is going to be hard."  He stopped talking for a few minutes then she heard his door close and lock.   She heard an unzipping of pants and something being pulled off of him.   She heard his shoes hit the ground and then his pants and underware?   She heard some covers being put on a bed and then she heard a light click.   He was going to sleep she supposed.   She heard a noise and listend closer.   Something moving under sheets?   At first she couldn't hear his breathing but then she could.   He was breathing harder and he moaned.    It sounded like he said her name but Randy was not sure.   After a few minutes it all stopped and Randy figured that the show was over.

She backed away and went to her room.   When she was about to close the door to the bathroom his door opened.   Her cousin walked into the bathroom totally naked.   His penis (Randy had seen many her two brothers had a habit of leaving the bathroom door open sometimes)  was not soft like most of them it was standing straight up and some white stuff was leaking out of the top.   She was in shock it was at least 8 inches long.   He did not see Randy but she could see him.  Paul grabbed a sheet from the spare closet and laid it down in the sink.   Randy watched as he stroked his cock again one more time and she watched as even more w hite stuff started to poor out of his hard cock.   She heard him whisper something like her name and then he covered it with the sheet and walked out of the room closing the door behind him.   

Randy thought to herself for a second.   Should she go in there and ask him what he was doing and why he was saying her name or should she just leave him along.  Maybe he was not saying her name but someone elses and she just thought or wanted it to be hers for some reason.   Randy sighed and went over to her closet.   She unzipped her dress and shook out of it letting it fall to the ground.    She now stood only in a pair of white little girl panties.  What would he want in her anyways.   Her little skinny body with a flat nine year old chest and a tiny little cunny.   Randy pulled her panties down and slipped on a pair of boxer shorts and a shirt that was too big for her and went down to her knees.  Randy sighed and got in bed under her covers.

In a few minutes she rolled over and then back on her back.   She knew that tonight she would get no sleep unless she did something that her mother had forbid.   Rand let her hand slid down  she lifted her shirt and slid her hand under her boxers.   She rubbed her little cunny for a few minutes and spread her legs wider.    She felt it building in her body again and Randy knew that she was close to pleasure.   A picture of Cousin Paul appeared in her head and Randy  felt all on fire as another orgasm inveloped her small littel body.   She felt relaxed and knew that sleep was comming as she felt sleep arriving.   She let it all close in on her and in a few minutes she was sound asleep in her small bed with her hand resting on her tiny little cunt.

Chapter VII.

Paul left the door to Randys room smilling.   She did know how to masterbate at least that was something.   He laid back down in his bed and wondered how much of his masterbation she had heard.   Paul let sleep take him and he knew that another memory was arriving.  And this one he did not expect. . .

* * * *

It was  late at night.  Paul had fallen asleep at Erin's like he did so many nights.   He  went over to her dresser and pulled on the bottom drawer and took out some of his clothes that he kept there.   He slipped on a pair of boxer shorts and a shirt.   He walked out the door and downstairs.  He wanted something to drink.   Sitting on the couch in a button night shirt that was  loose on her body and small showing off her belly button was Wendy at that time Erin's 12 year old little sister.  Paul smiled at her and walked to the kitchen.  He got a cup from the cubboard and put some water from the faucet in it.   He let the water glide past his lips and into his mouth.   Then Paul swolloed.   He walked back into the living room and sat down on the couch next to Wendy.

She smiled and said,  "So how was  my sister tonight?"

Paul was in shock that she knew anything about this at 12  years of age.   "She was good but not as good as. . .never mind."   

Wendy smiled and Paul looked at her for a second and saw at the corner of his eye her unbutton her the top button of her top.  "Would you like to touch them?  They are not as big as my sisters but. . ."  She smiled and undid another button.   Then another and another.   She pulled the shirt back and Paul saw two small little round breasts no bigger than apples.   His cock sprun to attention.   Out of his own violation Paul picked the small girl up and  took her up to her bedroom.    He laid her down on her bed and closed the door and locked it.    He  brought his head down to one of her small breasts and began to suck on it.   He sucked on it till he could hear her moaning and then he pulled her boxers down and his also.   He climbed on top of the little  12  year old and she said,  "use protection I don't want to get pregnant not yet anyways."   Paul nodded and looked around for something.   She smiled and pulled something out of a dresser dawer which was next to the bed and handed him a condom.   
--
Paul slipped it on and he brought his 8 inch cock into attention at her small little hole.    He  gently pushed the tip into her small hole.  The girl under him cried out his name and slipped her hands around his body.   Paul fucked into the non-virgin 12 year old and his cock was so huge that she had begun to cum  right away.  Paul thrusted a few times in the tighness and was also cumming.  After he finished and she was asleep he pulled the condom off and thew it in the toliet.  No one must ever know about what he had just done to Wendy Erins little 12 year old sister.   He flushed and went back to Erin's room.  He took his love into his arms and fell asleep.  By morning he had wipped the whole scene from his mind.

********

Paul woke from sleep and rolled over.   His cock was hard but he ignored it.   So he had done Erin's sister that was why the girl always dressed sexy around him.   He had had sex with a minor.   And he had forgotten about it till now till he had learned to accept being a pedophile.    Paul climbed from bed and truned on his radio.   He listened to a Metallica album for a while before laying back down and sleeping some more.     And an unrestful sleep of his future was what he dreamed of.   A future of being in jail for raping a  young child.  . .

End Part I.

COMING SOON:
Part 2:  Twists and Turns,  Changes and Discoveries.

--



Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

