Copyright © 1997,  GoDSpiT.      ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.






Part 2:  Twists and Turns,  Changes and Discoveries.

Chapter I.

A storm came in that night and Paul woke up to a day of darkness.  The clouds were dark making the sun light almost totally faded.   Paul pushed the covers from his naked body and walked to the bathroom.  He heard the shower going and sighed.  Randy was taking a shower.   Paul sat back down on his bed and slipped on a pair of boxer shorts from last night.   He opened his window and looked out at the clouds.   Every once in awhile lighting would streak across the sky and a light thunder could be heard a few seconds later.   The storm was moving towards the house.   It did not look like the storms up north which were usually smaller.   In Texas the storms seemed to be larger and moving more slowly.  A light rain began to fall and hit Paul's window.   He looked at the wetness and sighed.   It was going to be a rainy day.

He heard the shower stop and he decided that he would  knock on the bathroom door.   Paul walked over to the door and knocked.   A muffled, "Yeah?"  could be heard though the door.  

"How much longer are you going to be in the bathroom?" 

Randy replied,  "Not much longer give me ten more minutes."  Paul walked away and sat back down on his bed.  He put on a Nine Inch Nails cd and laid down on his bed.   Paul sighed and walked over to his closet.   He looked around in it for what he wanted to wear and took it out along with a book to read.   He opened the book to the first chapter and began to read.   The door to his room connecting to the bathroom opened and Paul looked up.   Standing before him in a pair of overalls and a white shirt (The overalls were not buttoned up yet) was Randy.  "Bathroom is free Cousin Paul."   She smiled sweetly at him and walked back though the bathroom and into her room closing the door behind her.   Paul smiled also and climbed off of his bed turning his music off.

Paul let his boxers fall to the floor and got into the shower.   Randy had looked so cute in her overalls and white shirt.  Paul felt his cock starting to harden.    He looked down at it and  took the still wet washcloth and soap and began to lather it up.    Paul washed his body he ignored the hard cock because he hated to masturbate in the shower it was too messy.   Paul washed his body including his hard cock and then after he had been in the shower and felt all clean remembering how nice it was to be clean he climbed out and looked around the bathroom.  It was fogged up with the warm water.   

Paul walked over to the door to his room and opened it.   He made sure that no one was in the room and he walked over to his clothes.   He slipped them all on and then went back into the bathroom to comb his hair.   Randy was in the bathroom sitting on the toilet.  "Pops Sorry."  Paul started to back out but she only smiled.

"Its  okay Paul,  I am just going to the bathroom not like its not something that you don't do every day also."  Paul nodded and continued to wash his hair.  "Cousin Paul can I ask you a question."   She said.   Paul heard her buttoning her  overalls and flushing the toilet.

"Sure but not here in this hot bathroom.   Lets go to my room or  yours where it is cooler."  She nodded and followed him into his bedroom.   Paul sat down on his bed and she sat down next to him on his bed.   After a pause for a few minutes Paul said,  "so what did you want to ask me?"  Randy was hesitant and she didn't seem to want to ask it almost as if she was scared of what would happen if she did.  She was not sure if she was ready to take the next step.  "Randy it's okay to ask me questions that is one of the reasons  that I am here."

She looked at him strangely and said,  "Well I am not sure if you will want to answer this question that's why I am kinda scared to ask it."    

Paul smiled and said,  "Randy its okay I will answer anything you ask me as long as it doesn't deal with your mother or with a question about why life sucks."   He smiled slightly at her.

  Randy decided it was now or never to take the plunge.   She wanted to know so badly what Cousin Paul had been doing last night and if she could see that hard thing of his again.  "What was the noises coming from your room last night Paul?"

At first she was scared that he was getting mad because he turned away and stood up and walked to the window.  Paul stared out the window for a few minutes trying to calm  his nerves he had hoped that she would ask but he didn't quite know how to explain it to her yet.   Paul went back and sat on the bed again.   " Well it's kind of hard to explain Randy.    You see sometimes men get these urges to. . .to have sex.  You know what sex is right?"

Randy nodded,  "Yeah its when a man and a women make a baby,  its when the man puts his thing in the girls thing and then they have a baby.  I always wondered how they get the dick into the girl when it is so limp."

Paul smiled,   "That is almost what it is like.  The man gets his dick or cock into the girl because it gets hard when he gets sexually attracted to someone or is thinking about having sex with someone that they find attractive.  Sometimes when a boy is a teenager it gets hard just because of hormones."  Paul paused and smiled.  "I really think you should talk to your parents about this Randy."

She bowed her head and said,  "I tired to ask my mom a few times Paul and well she said that I should never touch myself, cause I asked her when I was 8.   I asked her why it felt soooo good to touch yourself on your little cunny and she told me never to talk about it again.   To never even touch it again.  To never mention anything that even mentions sex in the house again.  . .that I would learn it all later in life when I met the right boy.   But I want to know I feel that I should know to protect myself.  And it feels so good to touch myself but my mother says that masturbation is wrong because God says so and I don't even know if I believe in my mothers God."   She bowed her head and started to stand.

Paul grabbed her hand and pulled her back down.  "Randy I will tell you about sex if you want me to  but you can't tell anyone else.  But first I get to ask you a question."  She nodded.   "Why is it that your brothers or sisters don't seem to hang around that much with  you?  Or  you with them?"

She bowed her head and said,  "I am a loner most of the time plus none of them have anything interesting to talk about."   She smiled and looked at him,  "also I am the only one in the house before you that listened to rock music.  Or that read big books."    

Paul smiled and put an arm around her shoulders.   "I think that we will be good friends Randy."  Paul wanted more than that he wanted much more.   He decided to start with the basics.  He got up and went into his closet.  Paul had a book on Sex Ed that he had kept all these years in case such a scene ever came up with his sister and he had accidentally brought it with him he got it and came back out of the closet.   Randy was still sitting on the bed.  "Where should I start with  your body or mine?"

Randy thought about it for a minute.   "Yours please."

Paul smiled and opened the book to the picture of the Male anatomy.   He showed her the picture and said,  "This is a man's cock or dick when it is limp and not ready for sexual activity."  Paul turned the page and  Randy looked at the drawing of an erect cock on the page.  "This is a mans cock when it is hard and ready for sex."   

She looked into Paul's eyes and said,  "Like yours was last night?"  

"Yes."

"Cousin Paul," she said.  "What were you doing to it last night?"

"I was masturbating and the moaning was because it felt so good."  He stopped and got ready for anymore questions that she had.

"Who's name did you call while you did that?"  

Paul was shocked by what she said but he took it calmly.   "If I told you I would confuse you even more Randy, and I don't want to hurt you.  But one thing you have to understand is that when I did that it was because I was sexually turned on and I needed relief."

Randy sighed and looked away for a second.   She sniffled and said,  "that kind of stuff is what my mother would say.  'one day Randy you will understand it'  or 'one day Randy I will tell you'.  Please Cousin Paul tell me I my not be more than nine  years old but I am the smartest kid in the grade I am in which is one grade above the one I am supposed to be in  I am in 4th grade and I am already reading 200 or more page books.  I could have skipped another two grades maybe but I didn't want to get in with kids that were a lot bigger than me or that might try to hurt me.  So please Paul tell me I can handle it."

Paul stopped where he was,  she was smart that was for sure but was she old enough to accept the truth.  He thought about it for a second and then he said nervously,  "I was saying your name.   I am not a healthy person Randy,  I like little girls with little bodies and stuff like that.  I am what they call a pedophile."

Randy thought for a minute and got up and walked into her bedroom.   Paul thought that she was in shock and she was going to go cry or tell her mother or something but  a few minutes she came back with a dictionary and opened it to the P's and read the definition out loud.  "Someone who likes little girls and is sexual attracted to little girls."   Randy sat down and closed the book.  "That doesn't sound bad at all."

"Randy you are too young to understand.  Most pedophiles are molesters.  They go around kidnapping little girls and forcing them to do things."   She was in shock and dropped the book.  Paul thought that she was about to cry and run away she looked like she was,  "but others are like me they don't want to hurt little girls they want to protect them and love them and maybe one day if the girl is willing have sexual intercourse with them.   There are few of us and we are a small minority of the population of Pedophiles."

Randy nodded seeming less afraid,  "So you would never hurt me sexually is that what you are saying?"  Paul nodded and she sighed.   She laid her head down on his shoulder,  "I love the sound of the rain on the windows it is so comforting.   Much like someone holding you.   You know my father use to hold me when  I was younger and he was home more.  This was before his gambling problem. . .oh how I remember those strong arms around me sometimes late at night when I was scared to sleep alone.  No one has held me in about two years now though and I don't think I will ever be held again."   She sighed deeper this time.

Paul placed a hand on her shoulder and said,  "I will hold you if you wish Randy, and I promise it will not go beyond that if you don't want it to."  

She nodded and said,  "I would like it very much if you would hold me in the rain." Paul smiled and they laid down on the bed.  He slipped his arms around her small body.   She was facing him and her eyes looked into his and then she rested her head on his shoulder and looked out at the rain.   Paul felt his cock harden as it pressed against her thin little leg.  She snuggled in closer and Paul let his hands wonder up and down her little back.  "Is that your cock pressed to my leg or something else?"

Paul smiled and said,  "Yes it is my cock pressed to your leg."  She kissed his check and he smiled,  "what was that for?"

"For being  honest."   With that they were quiet for awhile and Paul felt sleep arriving.  "Paul is this wrong, are we committing a sin as my mother would say?"

Paul moved his head back and looked into her dark eyes,  "No Randy we are not committing a sin unless you believe in your mothers religion which neither of us do so don't worry about it."   He held her closer and said softly.  "I will protect you Randy that I can promise."   She smiled against him.

"You barely know me Paul."

"Yes that is true but I feel like  I have known you for a long time."   She nodded against his shoulder and a few minutes later sleep captured  t hem both.

Chapter II.

Adam walked into his bedroom and laid down on his bed.   The rain outside had felt great on his body and now he was soaking wet.   He pulled his shirt over his head and laid it down on the floor.   Adam stood and closed the door to his room.   He bent down and pulled a box out from under his bed.   About a month ago he had been exploring his fathers closet when he had found a box full of magazines.   He had thought that they were magazines like the ones his mother read.   Adam looked at the front cover of one of the magazines it was  of a young teenage girl he guessed.  She had long blonde hair and was wearing a school shirt in the picture.   The magazine was called Teens and there Fathers.  It was issue one.   Adam remembered flipping open to a page and seeing on it a girl with small apple sized breasts and a little bit of hair above her pussy totally naked just laying there looking off camera and smiling.  

Something strange happened to Adam at that point.   He felt something happening to his penis in his shorts.  He ran into the bathroom and pulled down his shorts and underwear.  His usually limp penis was standing straight up in the air it was hard and it felt weird.   Adam put his hand around the small little hairless organ and stroked it up and down once to get the feel of it.   His little penis jumped in his hand and Adam was rewarded with a good feeling.   He  quickly pulled back up his underwear and shorts and  ran back to his parents room.   He grabbed the magazines and carried them all back to his bedroom.   He decided to store half of them in his room and put the other half back.  

Now he pulled out a magazine from the box and looked at the title.   'Little Girls'  Issue 4.   His father had lots of these types of magazines and Adam found that he liked looking at them.   He was 11 now and already maturing.  He had been looking at these magazines for about a year now and no one had caught him or so Adam hoped.   He pulled his shorts off along with his underwear and climbed under his sheets.   On the front cover of the magazine was a young teenage girl who was about 13 or 14 years old.    She was wearing a tight shirt that showed off two small little titties.  Adam sometimes dreamed that his sister Jennie was in  bed with him and that they were getting it on and that he could play with her small titties.   How he would love that.

Adam slipped his hand around his hard little 5 inch hard cock.   He laid flat in the bed and took his hand off and pulled back the bedspread.   Adam looked at his hard little cock pushing the sheet upwards.   Adam slipped the bedspread back on and flipped the book open.   On the first page the girl was totally dressed in the tight shirt and a pair of tight shorts that made the panty line visible.

Adam sighed and started  to stroke his tiny little hard cock.   He could feel the good feeling that developed around his aroused organ already starting to build up.  Adam turned the page again and there were multiple pictures on these two pages of the girl undressing.  In the first picture she unbuttoned her shirt and let it fall to the floor in the second picture.   Her little tits were high and small about the size of little apples.   Adam felt his boy cock give a jerk and he looked down at it then continued to look at the pictures.  In the next one she was pulling her shorts down and smiling at the camera.   When her shorts were down only her panties and socks remained.  In the next frame of pictures it showed her pulling her panties off and then it came time to turn the page.

Adam could feel that he was getting close to his good feeling again and he didn't want it to come just yet.  He stopped and pulled back all of his sheets.   He looked down at his hard little cock which was still devoid of hair, just smooth preteen skin.  He started to stroke his cock as he looked at the next page.   The girl was  now totally naked except for her socks.  She laid down on a bed and spread her little legs wide open.   Adam could see everything her little clit the hole that his cock would go into. . .  He felt it start.   Adam dropped the book and looked down at his little organ.  It started to  move in contractions  a clear fluid came out but nothing else.   The cock continued to move in the same fashion and then he felt his body start to relax as the good feeling faded away.  Adam let his body drift to sleep and he hid the magazine back where it belonged and covered himself  and let sleep capture him.  It was 2 pm.

Chapter III.

Randy woke up with Paul's arms around her.  It felt so good having a mans arms around her.   Though it was not the same as when her father did it.   Oh Randy had seen him looking at Jenn as she got older and started to develop a chest.   She knew her father was not only gone because of a gambling problem, he was scared of doing something to her sister or one of the other girls when they started to change also.   Randy sighed and snuggled in closer to Paul.  She loved the smell of his body he had a smell of man and Randy had never noticed that smell on her father.   She remembered a few months ago when she had been going though her fathers closet, she was bored and wanted to find his year book which her mother had said was in that closet.    She had looked in a box and in that box had been pictures of young teens naked.  She had been shocked for a few minutes but then it explained everything her father was scared of doing something to his daughters.  What that was Randy had not been sure but now she understood more than ever.

She sighed and thought more about the recent months of her life.   Once Randy had had no concerns but since four months ago when her 11  year old sister Wern had been kidnapped by someone that her mother had hired without checking his background.  It turned out that he was a child molester and he  raped Wern repeatedly and then he left her on the property totally naked and he was  never heard from again.   Wern forgot the whole matter the next day she woke up and everything was normal again.   Randy understood suppressing memories she had done it herself once.   It had been four years ago she had seen her father totally naked fucking one of the help a  young teenage girl that they had hired for the summer.   

Randy had been in shock and her father had seen her and he  yelled at her while he continued to fuck the young teen girl,  "Get the hell out of here Randy and don't tell anyone."   Later he tried to explain but Randy had refused to listen in fact by the next day she had forgotten about it.  But it came back to haunt her father.  Six months later a round belly was noticeable in the girls belly.  In fact Randy had learned just recently from her own digging in the closet that every kid born in this house except for Jenn and Randy herself were not born of Randy's mother.   But Randy's father was not really the man she called father.   Randy's father was someone of the help that had quit when her mother got pregnant.   The baby that was produced from her father the last child had died before it was born but Randy had learned that all the kids were not of the same parental descendant.  

Jenn had  been born when Randy's mother was 26 years old,  then came Wern and Adam who were born with her father and a 14 year old girl who had lived with her parents who use to be help on the farm in the summer.   Then Randy herself.  Her curly hair came from her father's side of the family she wished desperately to know who they were but her mother didn't even remember the guys last name that showed how much she messed around.   Then William JR. was born  from her father and a 16  year old girl who he had forced into sex.  He was never taken in for it or anything because the girl did not want to talk about it.  Then six year old Sarah had been born to her father and a 13 year old girl.  Randy was not surprised now that her mother did not have any love for the man she married.   He was in her eyes a horrible man for getting so many women pregnant and giving her so many children to raise.   Randy sighed and kissed Paul's neck.  She could feel something hard pressing against her leg and she just let it stay there, she knew it was his cock and she was not scared of Paul he was so nice to her.

Randy could still hear the sound of the rain on the window.  She looked over Paul's shoulder out at the rain falling sky.   It was lighter which meant that the storm system was moving out of the area and going further south or north or where ever it was going.   Randy pulled back and looked into Paul's face, his light brown eyes were open and he smiled at her.   Something compelled her to lean in and kiss his lips lightly.  "How long have you been awake,"  she asked him.

Paul smiled and kissed her check.  "A few minutes we have been asleep for about two hours Randy."

Randy smiled back at him showing her white teeth,  "I know,  why didn't you wake me up?"

"You looked so peaceful I didn't want to wake you up and  ruin your sleep."   He smiled.

"I was awake just had my eyes closed."   Paul nodded and kissed her cheek again.  "Is that all you want to do, just kiss my cheek?"

Paul smiled again with a quiet laugh.  "No there is quite a lot I would like to do but I don't dare, first you may not like it and second if any one ever found out I could be put in jail for molesting a child."

Randy's smile disappeared,  "I would never tell Paul never I swear it."   She leaned in closer to him.  "So if you want to kiss me then go ahead I don't mind."   Paul smiled and thought about it for a few minutes.   It wasn't wrong he told himself she wanted it and he did also.   Paul leaned in and brought his mouth to hers.   The kiss lasted for at most a few  seconds  but it felt like longer like a lifetime.  Paul's lips met Randy's and the kiss was more than just a peck of lips.  Though no french kissing was involved the kiss was deep.  Paul loved the smell of her lips he loved the feel of them passed to his.   The kiss deepened and he could hear her breathing harder.   Paul could feel a connection between both of them and he knew that she was feeling something also by her breathing.   A few seconds later he pulled away and looked into her beautiful black coal eyes.  She was swimming.  "What was that?"

Paul looked  deeper into her eyes,  "its what people call passion.  Its what happens when two people who feel something for each other kiss."    Randy smiled and leaned in on his chest.    Her head was laying on his chest.  Paul held her closer.  

"Paul even though we barely know each other or anything like that could this be what they call you know Pre-destined?"   She looked up into his eyes.

"I don't know yet Randy what I am feeling,  I know it is something but maybe we should get to know each other better or at least learn more about each other."  She smiled and closed her eyes nestling in closer than her.  

"My favorite book is Crown of Thorns."   She smiled up at him.  "My mother was shocked when I started reading a series of books that were each at least 900 or close to it pages long.   She was like how can that girl know how to read so fast.   My favorite song is a Marilyn Manson song."  

Paul brought her in closer to him.  "Well I am glad that we have at least two things in common."   He kissed the top of her head and let his hand run though her hair loving the feel of the curls in his hands.  "Do you have any more questions about anything at all?"

Randy thought about that for a  minute and said,  "no not right now we had better get up though and you can see what help my  mother needs and I can go get ready for dinner.  I have school tomorrow.  Its the last week for us till summer.  I leave in the morning and don't get home till late in the afternoon."

That's okay I will see you when you get home."   Randy smiled and Paul watched her as she stood up.  Her little ass looked so good in her overalls and she had beautiful little thin legs.

She looked back at him and the strand of her hair that always fell in front of her eye did it again.  "What do you see in me Paul can I ask you that?"

Paul looked at her for a few seconds and said,  "You are beautiful."    She blushed and left the room.  Paul laid back in his bed for a few seconds letting his hardon subside.  That was the first time in his life that he ever laid with a girl and did  nothing but hold her.  It felt good for some reason that Paul could not figure out.  It felt really good and the best part of it was that it was Randy,  Randy who Paul was  falling in love with.  Falling for a nine year old.  Paul could almost not believe it.

Chapter IV.

Wern walked past her brother Adam's room and down the hall to her room.  She had a secret of her own.  For about two months Wern had known that her brother was doing something in his room.   She had decided to find out what it was because she was curious about a man or boys body.   She had found about 4 months ago in her mothers closet a book about sex and sexual education.   Wern had already read every chapter and now she wanted to learn what it was like to touch one and to have a boy touch her body.   Wern's only problem was that her mother was around to much and she might walk in the room while she was exploring Adam and he exploring her.   So Wren had not picked up the subject as of yet.  She pulled her loose shirt over her head and unsnapped the small training bra that she now wore over the two small strawberry sized breasts on her chest.  

Wern  cupped one of her breasts in her hand and felt the smooth small texture.  She wondered what it would be like to have Adam touch them and suck on them like some of her mothers romance novels described.  Wern unzipped and unbuttoned her jeans.  Wern pulled the jeans and her panties off of her body.  A little tuft of hair was slightly developing above her little pussy.   Wern laid down in her bed and imagined her brothers hands cupping her little tits and she slipped her hand down under the covers and spread her legs.

Wern felt the small outer lips of her pussy and then she slipped her finger into the small hole of her pussy.  Wern felt a feeling of great expectations flow over her body and she remembered back to the first time that she got caught doing this very act. . .her mother  had been pissed off so much that Wern would never forget it.   It happened about one month ago.

*******

That day at school Wern had been in gym class wearing her tight little gym shorts and a shirt that was loose but you could tell when she wore her little training bra that she had two little titties starting to develop.  Wern was outside playing volleyball with some girls and she decided to sit down and relax for a little bit.   She was one of the few 11 year olds that was developing breasts.   She was also one of two girls in the family developing breasts.  Her sister Jenn had breasts almost the same size and had been growing them one year longer than Wern.   Wern thought that was funny.  She was getting large breasts while Jenn was getting small ones.  

Wern was sitting on the ground she turned to see across the ground a boy who was very good looking.  Jerry Titlewell was 12 years old and one of the most handsomest boys in the school.   With cool jet black hair and deep blue eyes he was one of the best looking.  He was also strong.   Wern did not notice anything else at first.  She was starting to get wet in her panties.    When he stood up to go play football she noticed something that she did not expect.  In his pants was something hard sticking up.  When she got home Wern had to risk playing with her pussy she was so hot.

She had pulled her overalls down and then slipped her boxer shorts off and got into her bed.   She did not cover herself she was already too hot.   Wern spread her legs and started rubbing at her little clit and pussy.  It was still wet, gym class was last period.   Wern could feel her orgasm reaching or coming close to a close when the door to her room opened and her mother said,  "Wern darling I didn't. . ."   Her mother stopped what she was saying and Wern tried to cover herself but she was too late.  Her mother grabbed the arm that was playing with her pussy and she almost yelled,  "What in the hell do you think you are doing!   Look at that playing with that thing down there that nasty thing down there.  What do you think you are doing young lady?   Only two things happen down there and that is not one of them.  We don't  play with our bodies in the house of the lord so we don't play with them here  on earth either!!!!"   Wern was almost close to tears now.

"Mom. . .I am not doing anything wrong, lots of books say so.  I am only. . ."

"You are only committing a sin in the eyes of our LORD!!  Masturbation is a sin!"

Wern was about to start crying again.   "Mother. . ."

"No buts Wern if you ever touch that thing again when you are not washing it I will punish you without food for a few days and if you still persist I will take  you to see the priest."   Wern set a stern face and nodded.   Her  mother left the room and closed the door almost slamming it.    Wern looked down at her spread little eleven year old pussy and started to cry.   From that day forward she had decided to keep it secret.   She masturbated in the shower and she did late at night after her mother was asleep.   Wern did not feel like it was anything wrong it made the girl feel so good.   From that day forward her mother was not to be trusted.

Chapter V.

It was late at night after dinner was over and all of the talking and everyone had gone to bed Paul laid up with his  bed light on reading a book and listening to music on the radio lightly.   He put the book down and rolled over and turned the radio of with a remote and then his light.  He laid in his bed and thought of the day.  He had slept with for the first time with a girl who was attractive to him and he had done nothing at all.  He had not even let his hand slip down to her little butt or anything he had just felt that now was not the time that he had to hold out till later till something else happened.   Paul could feel his cock hardening and he ignored it.  Something else he had not done since he was 14.  Paul rolled over.  He didn't understand why he felt this way he had never felt something this deep, he thought that he had known what love was.   But if what Erin and he had was love then it was false love.  There was no real emotion in the love that he felt for Erin just sex.  

Paul could barely conjure up an image of Erin in his head anymore and he knew that in a few weeks he would be calling her and calling off the whole relationship.  He would tell her to forget about him and go on with he own life without him.  Paul closed his eyes and thought about what it would be like to hold Randy again in  his arms.   "Paul?"  Paul looked around the room and at the corner of his bed he saw Randy standing there in a long night shirt that went down to about the middle of her knees.

"What are  you doing out of bed young lady it is almost midnight."

She smiled and said,  "I couldn't sleep.  Can I snuggle up in bed with you?"    Paul nodded yes and she climbed up in the bed.  Paul slipped his arms around her as she slipped into them and he could feel her small body pressed to his.  He was wearing only his boxers and  his cock was pressed against her leg it was hard as a rock.  "I can feel it even better now that only your boxers are in the way."  She moved around for a little bit and Paul wondered what she was doing.  Till he felt her smooth little tummy touching his.  Her tummy was flat and  he could feel her little panties pressed against the bottom of his belly button.  Paul did not say anything but his cock did throb a little more.  "Oh that's a surprise it feels weird but good for some reason."

"Do you want me to move it?"  She shook her head no and snuggled her head into his chest.  Paul raped her small body into his large one and stroked her hair.  Paul kissed the top of her head and said softly,  "goodnight Randy."   She was by that time already asleep.  Paul rubbed her little back for a few minutes and then let his mind wonder back to another time back to when he was a  young boy at the age of  10.

******

Paul was under the sheets in his bed trying to go to sleep.  He tried to relax his body but like most of the summer nights that Paul experienced he could not get to sleep.   He rolled over again and looked up at the ceiling.  Paul wondered briefly if he was going to ever get relaxed enough to get some sleep.   That was when the door to his room opened and his mom stepped into the room.  His real mother not his step mother.  This was before his real mom died it was about a year before she died.   She sat down on the edge of his bed and Paul kept his eyes closed.   His mother slipped her hand under the covers and  under his  underwear band.   Paul felt her hand grip his little cock and start to stroke it.  He felt it start to harden like when he saw Sarah Maple in the nude a few  weeks ago.

"Oh my little man how mommy needs relief your father won't even think of touching me  while I am pregnant."   Paul's mother died during the 8 month of her pregnancy and the child died with her.  Her belly was already rounding out she was four months pregnant already.  Paul risked opening his eyes to look at something that really turned him on  at that time.  His mom was naked as she had been the night before.  Paul could see her little pointy breasts and he went down and saw the little round tummy that his brother or sister was developing in.   It was not that large already but it was showing.  Paul felt his cock almost ready to go to orgasm.   

His mother looked right into his eyes,  "Paul  you are awake."   She smiled and pulled back his covers.  She laid down beside him and placed his body next to hers.  Paul smiled and she spread her legs.  She guided his little cock into her hole and Paul felt so good.  As if it was instinct he began to thrust into his mother and back into the womb that he came from.  Something motivated  him to rub his mothers tummy and make the baby feel good also.   She smiled down at him and when both of them had finished there orgasms she let him rub her  belly and kiss her titties.   Then he slept and his mother left the room.   

It continued for a few more months till she was seven months with child.  By that time Paul was climbing on top of her and fucking her in and out.  He would always rub her belly and  play with it.  Sometimes the child would kick and then came the day that a drunk driver ran into her car head on and she was hit by something sitting in the drunk drivers passenger seat.   She was killed instantly the child died a few minutes later before the ambulance could get there.   All of Paul's sexual experiences faded from his mind as he let his mind heal and form around his mother and her faults.

Chapter VI.

Paul woke up to feel someone pressing against him and to hear a yawn come from her mouth.  Paul looked down at the just waking  Randy she wiped sleep from her eyes and Paul thought it was so cute.  He could feel her panties pressed against his leg now.   he tried to ignore it but he couldn't.  His cock which had gone soft in the night started to rise again.  Randy smiled and looked up at him.  " 'bout time you woke up."  Paul smiled down at her.   He stretched and stood up out of the bed.  He saw her eyes go down his body and look at his hard cock.  He looked at her face and she thought for a few seconds.  "Can I see what it looks like?"

Paul smiled and sat back down on the bed.  "I don't know Randy I mean I could. . ."

She placed a  finger on his lips to silence him.  Paul kissed it.  "Don't bring the law or age into this please Paul just answer the question."

Paul smiled and said,  "Okay I will show it to you under one condition."

"What's that?"

"You have to promise me that you won't tell anyone else in this house ever unless things change for some reason."

"I promise Paul."   She said.   Paul nodded and stood back up.  He pulled his boxers down and revealed a hard stiff prick standing straight up in the air with a lot of hair growing around the balls and above the hard cock.  Paul looked at Randy's eyes to see disgust or betrayal all he saw was wonderment and trust.   Paul sat down on the bed next to where she was now sitting.   His cock throbbed lightly. . .having a girl look at it did that to it most of the time.  Paul looked at her face.

He spoke hesitant at first.  "Well what do you think or what do you want to know."

Randy took a moment and then spoke.  "Are they all that big?"  

Paul laughed and said, "No mine is one of the big ones it is about  8 inches long.  Average is 5 to 6 inches long."  Randy nodded.  "Well?"

"It's cute in a masculine sort of way."  Paul smiled slightly and she said,  "can I touch it?"

Paul looked at her little thin hand and noticed that it would probably not get more than half way around his aroused organ.  "Yes if you want to."  Randy nodded she seemed to hesitate and then she took a stand.  She placed her small hand around the hard cock and Paul was shocked.  His cock jumped and she pulled her hand back.  He was about to cum just from the touch of her hand.  It was as if electric shock had been sent form her hand to his hard on.   "Sorry about that."  She  nodded and placed her hand back around the hard organ expecting the jerk this time.  Paul  could feel the small hand cupped around half of his hard on.  Her hand was cool to the touch and it was so soft around his hard on.

"How do you please yourself?"

"You want to learn Randy?"  She nodded and he placed one of his larger hands around her smaller one.  "Move it up and down slowly rubbing around the tip of the penis.   I am uncircumcised most men don't have this flap of skin up here on there cock it has been cut off when they were babies but my mother didn't like that so she didn't get it done."  Paul smiled as Randy did what he told her.   Her hand moved up and down slowly at first and when Paul started to breath faster she did it faster.   She rubbed the tip of  the cock and Paul could feel that he was getting close.   The girl was good at jacking men off.  Paul looked over at her face.   She had this expression on her face like shock.  "Randy if you keep this up I am going to cum."

"That's okay I want to see it.  I read about it in that book you gave me and well it sounds interesting."  Paul only nodded as his face got redder and he let out another moan and his cock started to shoot cum out of it.  The first one hit his chest the next one landed on her arm and the next one landed back on his chest.   Slowly the cum slowed down to a trickle and then Paul felt himself relax.  Randy removed her hand and Paul handed her a sheet to wipe it off with.  "That was weird.  I don't know if I like the white stuff that much but I think it was just because it is the first time I have seen it."  Paul smiled and brought her down with him.  

"You need a shower Randy  go take one and when you get out I will take mine."

She smiled and said,  "You are the one with white stuff all. . .

"its called cum or the science term is sperm."

She nodded and said.  You have cum all over you so you go first."  Paul nodded and stood up his cock was now flat but when he turned back and looked at Randy with her shirt pulled over her knees now and her little face looking up at him his cock started to harden.  She looked down at it and said.  "Well look what I did again and  you haven't even seen me naked  yet."  She smiled and he walked off to the bathroom.

Chapter VII.

Adam watched as his mother pulled away from the driveway in her car off towards the airport which was forty-five miles way.  He waved as she drove away and thought at the same time to himself that she would be gone for at least a month maybe more.   Adam was relieved she was finally gone and there would be no servants or extra help in the house only Cousin Paul who seemed like a cool person to be around.   The last few weeks had gone by faster than any before and it was probably because Adam had been in school for one and for the other he had been out in the field helping Cousin Paul plant a small section of the farms grounds.  The rest of which would be planted later on this year sometime around late spring.

Adam looked over at his twin sister Wern who was also waving at the car driving away.  The whole family was outside.  Adam had noticed a few differences in the last week.   The first one was that Wern had started to wear tighter clothing which showed off her small apple sized breasts very well to Adam's eyes.  A few times he had even "accidentally" caught her in the process of changing in her room because the door was open.   She was always in her bra and panties but Adam had still gotten a huge hardon from it.  Her breasts were about the  size of Jenn's which was a surprised to Adam because after all Wern was only 11 years old.  

The other change that Adam had started to notice was that Randy was always standing very close to Cousin Paul sometimes it looked like they spoke unspoken words to each other.   They were spending a lot of time together which would explain why they were standing so close.   They must have become great friends.  But Adam wondered if anything sexual was going on there and if so he could catch them and then make Paul help him get his sisters Wern and Jenn in bed with him.   Adam decided that he would ask his cousin some serious questions tonight.   This was the night that all truth was revealed for the whole family to understand it better.  Or so Adam hoped.  

He followed his sister Wern as she turned around and walked back into the house.  She was wearing a pair of tight shorts today and they showed off her small round ass perfectly.  Adam followed that round little ass till they were inside the house and she turned around and looked at him.   She walked over to him and leaned close and whispered in his ear,  "Tonight, around midnight brother my room."   With that Wern walked away and Adam felt his hard cock give a jerk.   Tonight, that meant that she had been doing all of this to get him into her bed!  Adam was thrilled he was going to get some tonight.    Adam looked around to make sure that no one heard, no one had.   He walked up the stairs to his room to enter into thought.

* * * 

It was around eleven that Adam crept down the hall and to Paul's door.  The only way to catch Paul in the act of whatever he was doing was to open the door without knocking and see what is going on.  The light in Paul's room was still on, but Adam could not wait for it to turn off so he walked to the door and pushed it opened.   Paul was sitting on the bed in a pair of boxers looking at a book.   Off on his left and behind him laying on the bed was Randy also reading a book.   Adam almost closed the door but Paul spoke before he had a chance.  "Expecting something that you didn't find Adam?"

The boy did a double take and noticed that something hard was poking up from Paul's boxers.  "How. . .how did you know that I was about to open the door."

Paul smiled and laid down his book.  "Son if you are going to sneak around the house you have to learn how to be more quite.   Now come pull that chair over hear and ask me what you want to ask me before I get impatient with you."

Adam nodded and pulled a chair from the corner of the room over in front of Paul's bed and sat down in it.  "What do Randy and you do in here anyways?"

Paul paused for a second and looked over at Randy.  Adam saw something go between there eyes and then she nodded.  "It started off with her wanting to know about sex.  We didn't go any further and still haven't gone any further than her touching my cock.  I am sure since you are a boy you know what that is?"  Adam only nodded he knew what a cock was.  "Since the first night she came to me, and before then even we have had a connection.   Anyways a few days ago we realized that we were definitely falling for each other.   I am slowly teaching her about sex and we don't plan to do anything for a little longer.   Now about you what do you want Adam?"

Adam thought for a minute.  "So you are saying you are pedophile.  I understand more than my mother about that word.  I have read many things my father has.  But besides that even if you weren't and my sister was a young teen I would still tell you this.  If you ever hurt her EVER I will hunt you down and kill you I don't care how much older than me  you are."   Paul only nodded and smiled.

"You are a good brother and I could never  hurt Randy."   Paul paused and ran a hand though her soft curly hair.  Adam noticed for the first time that she was wearing a short shirt and a pair of panties.   He felt his cock start to harden but ignored it.   "Now about your question."

"I want to sleep with all my sisters, excluding Randy of course."

Randy spoke up for the first time,  "what am I not good enough for you?"  Paul softly laughed.

"It's not that Randy I find you sexy, but well you are Paul's girlfriend and probably one day soon lover."


Randy and Paul both laughed silently.  "I don't own Randy Adam.  Something  you should learn before you go off heading in the wrong direction is this.  No one belongs to someone else.  If Randy wants to sleep with you then she will I will not try to stop her.  There is only one price though.  I get her first and she will one day be my wife.   But I also have a sexual desire to sleep with other girls around her age.  Sex has nothing to do with love absolutely nothing."  Adam nodded and Paul said,  "so what do you want."

"I want to sleep with all of my sisters one day.  And tonight Wern has invited me into her room to well you know." 

Paul nodded and said,  "Yes I understand totally.  Go to her she doesn't only want your body.  Something tells me that this is true."  Paul smiled and took Randy's hand.  "This family was not made on love but it will have love one day.  Now go before you are late."

Adam started to turn but then he turned back and said,  "But how do I handle it?  What do I do to her?"

Paul smiled and said, "Adam you must find that out on your own as you go along.   Every girl is different."  With that Adam nodded turned and closed the door behind him.  Now he had to go face his sister who had a desire to be with him.  A desire that Adam had also.

Chapter VIII.

The door closed and Paul smiled.  He laid down next to Randy and looked at the page she was currently reading.  He sat up beside her and softly started to message her small shoulder.   He could tell when she closed her eyes by the way she let the book close around her finger.   "That feels nice.  Where did you learn to do that Paul?"

He smiled and said,  "years of practice I suppose.  But I have never done it out of caring for someone before you."  She rolled over and Paul brought his mouth down to hears.   Over the last few weeks their kisses had gone from light to heavy.  Paul let his lips touch her and the electricity that they were still not yet use to connected them.  Paul pushed his tongue out and circled around her small lips   A tiny whimper escaped from Randy's mouth as she opened it to allow his tongue in.  Paul let his tongue explore her small hot little mouth for a long time before pulling away.  Both of them were hot by this time and Paul brought her small soft body to lay on top of him.   He smiled up at her face  and kissed her lips lightly again.  "I love you Randy."   Pure emotion spoke most of the words.

Randy smiled and said,  "someone has a surprise for me in his pants I can feel it pressing against my leg."   Paul let his hands which were around her flow down towards her small round ass.  It was so tiny that he could put almost one whole hand on each butt cheek with no problem at all.   She smiled into his eyes and there lips met again.   Their tongues entwined together on the inside of his mouth this time.   Paul could feel her little body pressed to his.  As the kiss deepened she pushed her hips down onto his body until they were grinding to his stomach.  When the kiss let up Randy did also.   "I love you Paul."   She stood up and looked down at him.  "You have been waiting for almost two weeks to see my naked body.  And the only way you are going to get to is if you get up here right now and undress me yourself.

Paul felt as if something had been released inside of his body.  As if he finally was going to get what he always had wanted.   The part of him that had been holding this off for a week or so was gone it knew that it was time for all of Paul's dreams to start coming true.   Paul got up from bed not caring if his hard on showed to Randy she was use to seeing it by now.   She did not stand much shorter on him than Erin had.  She was only about three inches shorter than Erin.  Which mean that Randy would one day be as tall as Paul was or close to it.   He bent down before her and kissed her softly in the lips.    Then Paul let his tongue wonder down over her small thin neck and he griped the bottom of the short shirt that covered only down to the top of her belly button.  He pulled the shirt over her head with only a small piece of help from her by her lifting her arms up over her head.  

Paul smiled at the girl and looked at her now bare little chest.   The nipples were small almost not even there but they were both erect.   Her little belly was perfectly flat.  Paul kissed her neck again, he could hear her as she breathed faster.  He moved his mouth down kissing in-between the valley of her nipples.   Paul gently took one of the little tiny nipples into his mouth and at first gently kissed it then let his tongue explore the nipple.   When his tongue touched the nipple she breathed in deeply and then breathed out sharply.   Paul could hear her breathing increase and he knew that she was getting turned on by what he was doing. 

Paul lightly bit the nipple and again another sharp breath and then an exhale.  Paul could feel her nine  year old body heating up under his mouth.   He moved his mouth over to her other nipple and gave it the same treatment.   She breathed in hard at each touch of the nipple by his tongue and by each bit he gave it.  Then Paul decided it was time to move on.  Paul let his mouth wonder down over her flat little tummy and then do a circle around her belly button.  Paul continued on down.  He reached her small girl panties and put his hands  in the waist band.  He had never seen Randy's pussy yet and he had never even touched it yet.   Paul felt something strange in his stomach something exciting something that he had never felt before.   His cock was throbbing and he was so turned on it was a shock.  No girl no matter how old or young she was had ever turned him on this way.  Not even her sisters did.

Paul gently gripped the panties and slowly pulled them down her legs.  When her little tiny perfect pussy appeared Paul was afraid he was going to have a heart attack the way that his whole body speed up.   He gently took her panties off and laid them with her shirt.  Her legs were thin and perfect.   There was even very little fat on her thighs.  Paul picked Randy up she was a very light child.  And Paul was still surprised that she could eat everything that she did and not gain a pound.   Some called it child metabolism, but that was not what it was because the other kids gained weight when they ate as much as she did.   It was her bodies metabolism that did  it not her  childhood.  Paul smiled at her face and lightly kissed her lips again.  "I feel like I am on fire Paul."  He only smiled and pulled his shorts down.    Randy looked down at his hard cock and smiled.

Paul spread her little legs and went down to where her pussy was.   He looked at the perfect little lips and then he gently with his hands spread the lips open.  On the inside was a perfect little round hole and a small little clit that was sticking straight up.   She was defiantly ready for something.  Paul could also feel some wetness on her small little pussy and he leaned his head in closer and  slowly brought his mouth down on the small little clit that was sticking out.  Randy gave a loud moan and Paul pulled back,  "are you okay?"   She nodded and he let his mouth go back down over her little clit.  The girl moaned again and thrusted her hips once.  Paul let his tongue wonder around the little clit and he heard her moan his name silently.   Paul could tell that she was almost over the edge and he was ready to take her there.  

Paul's cock was now throbbing he knew that he was also close to cumming also.  Paul let his tongue dip into the small round hole of her pussy.  It was an almost perfect fit.  And while Paul got close to bringing her over the edge he forgot all about that tiny hole.   He pushed  his tongue around her clit again and that sent the girl over the edge.  She moaned his name and gripped her knees  as she went over the edge.   Her little flat hips bucked against his face as he continued to lick her little clit.   His cock at the same time went over the edge itself.  Sperm shot wildly out of it and some landed close to where he was busy on her clit.  Paul felt his relief and after both of them had calmed down which took time.  Paul felt her little body bucking against him for about five or six minutes before she slowed down.  Paul laid down beside her and brought his arm around her back.  "What was that Paul?"

Paul smiled and said.  "That my love was an orgasm."

Randy hit his shoulder lightly.  "I have had an orgasm before playing with myself.  That was no orgasm."

Paul kissed her sweaty forehead and smiled.  This was a deep orgasm that  you get when two people really please each other or when someone that you love pleases you."  Randy smiled and kissed his cheek.  

"You came also I take it?"

Paul nodded and said,  "Yeah I did I was surprised that I did I have never come before without anyone touching me down there."  Randy only nodded and snuggled in deeper into Paul's side.  Paul thought for a minute in silence.

"What are you thinking Paul?"

He looked down at her and said,  "I don't think we can have intercourse for a few more years."

Randy looked up at his face in startlement.  "Why not!?"

"Because my love your pussy is too small for my huge cock to penetrate without hurting you."  Randy sighed and she rolled on top of him.  "We can't do it Randy  I don't want to hurt you."

She laid her head on his chest and said,  "Paul a women's vagina has the ability to stretch.  I doubt that your cock is as big as a watermelon.   We can get it inside of me we will just work on it slowly starting tomorrow sometime not right now though I am too tired and I can tell by your eyes that you are also.   Put a cover over us and we will talk about this tomorrow."  Paul nodded and  rapped the sheets around them both and then took her small body into his arms.

Chapter IX.

Adam walked down the hall almost scared of what was about to happen.   The 11  year old had never even thought that his sister Wern would want to have him touch her.  He always thought that his twin sister hated him.  That she didn't want anything to deal with him.  Now Adam was not sure what was going on with his sister anymore all he knew was that she was his for the taking and that he was not going to hold back on her any longer.    Adam walked down the hall and as he walked towards his twin sisters room he remembered a time about three months ago when he had accidentally walked in on her while she was in the bathroom.   She had been in the tub taking a bath and at first Adam had not even noticed her.   Then he turned towards the tub and toilet and saw her staring at him.  She was in the water covering her pussy with her hand and trying to cover her breasts.

She had yelled at him,  "get the hell out of here what do you think you are doing."   Adam had only had the briefest glimpse of her apple sized tits but it had been enough to masturbate by for weeks.   Now Adam was not only going to get to see those small little breasts but he was going to get to touch them and feel them.  He just hoped that he could control his already hard cock into not cumming until it was inside her pussy or mouth.    Adam walked up to the rooms door and knocked quietly on it.

A few seconds  later the door opened and Adam could see his sister Wern standing in front of him in her night shirt and a pair of pink panties.   She smiled slightly.   A small light was on by the bed.  "What took you so long brother."  Adam just smiled and walked in closing the door behind him.  While he wanted his other sisters he wanted Wern most of all he had always wanted his twin.  Adam quietly pulled her closer to him in his arms and looked in to her eyes.   She sensed the mood and did not say anything.  There lips met in mutual understanding.  A turn here a peck here a soft touch there and there again.  And then his tongue dipped into her soft young mouth.   The two young lovers raped there arms around each other in an innocent embrace.   By this time Wern was breathing hard and she let the kiss break.  

Adam looked into her eyes.  He was slightly taller than his sister but they were both about the same height.  He kissed her cheek lightly and they smiled.   Adam wanted to touch and feel her breasts in his hands but he didn't know how to ask.  They let themselves fall on the bed as they kissed again.  Adam could feel her small round breasts pressing against his chest and he let the kiss deepen.  His hardon was pressing into Wern's thigh and she felt like it belonged there like everything else was just a memory of this moment.   Adam smiled into her eyes as the kiss broke.   He rolled them onto there sides and decided that it was now or never.   "Wern I don't want to do anything that you don't want me to do."  She nodded and he continued.  "If you don't want me to do something tell me to stop please."   Wern nodded again and kissed his cheek.  "What was that for?"

"For being sweet."  With that they kissed again.  Adam let his hand slip in front of them and slide under her short shirt.  An electric of fire coursed though Wern's body as her  brother touched the soft flesh of her flat stomach.  Adam let his hand roam around on her stomach for awhile getting use to new familiarity of touching a girls flesh.  Adam's hand coursed up her small body as they continued to kiss.   He reached the bottom of her right breast and slightly stroked around the bottom he then cupped his hand over the small mound.  The flesh of her breast was small and a little bigger than his hand.  He stroked the small breast and heard her let out a moan in the back of her throat as she thrust her tongue into his mouth.  Adam's mind was excited now.  He was making his sister hot.  

Wern had never felt her body on fire this much before in her life.  It was almost as if the hand of god was touching her body or as if fire was radiating from places she never knew could burn.   Adam's stroking ended as he laid her back on her back breaking the long hard kiss.  Adam pulled her shirt up till it exposed both of her young breasts.  He gently let his mouth down on one of the rising nipples and sucked on the hard nipple.  His sister let out a groan at the touch of his warm mouth on her already burning body.  Adam took the whole small breast into his mouth and gently played with hit before taking it back out.  He let his tongue circle from the top of the nipple down the breast and then did the same for her other breast.   Wern cried out in passion as her brother finished with both breasts.   

Wern decided it was time to return the favor.  She reached down over her brothers naked chest and to his boxers.  She slipped her hand under the boxers and gently cupped her hand around the hard organ.  It was sticking up in his boxers and was throbbing deeply.   Adam felt her hand clasped around his hard organ and he almost shot his load.  But then he knew that that would not do.  He constrained himself from shooting and continued to explore his sister.  He reached her panties and pulled them down her lifting her butt up from the bed.  Adam pulled his boxers down also and smiled into her eyes.  It was now or never.  He noticed that there was almost no hair on her pussy at all.   

Adam climbed on top of his sister.   She could feel the change in moods and spread her legs wide.   This was there first time for both of them.  They wanted it.  It was what they had always wanted always.   Adam took hold of his cock and guided it down towards her small little hole.   He could feel the cock start to enter into her virgin hole.  At  first he was scared of hurting her but then he was in and she did not look hurt.  He pushed into her again and felt something like a barrier.  Wern let out a cry of pain and Adam looked into her eyes,  "What's wrong Wern?"

She looked into his eyes and said,  "That's my hymn.   You have to break it Adam I want you to."  Adam nodded and gently pulled out and then with her hands on his ass he pushed into her hard breaking though the barrier in her body.  Wern let out a cry of surprise and a little blood came out from her pussy but she encouraged Adam to keep going.  His cock felt like it was on fire he was close to cumming and his sister was still moaning his name as he pushed in and out of her.  Wern went over the edge first.   Her body began to spasm below Adam and her little 11 year old pussy started to squeeze her twin brothers hard cock.   He could not hold back he let his organ explode inside his sister and as he spent his sperm into her body both of them kissed.   After it was over and Adam's cock was soft and inside his sister starting to harden again both of them sighed.    And sleep gathered on there shoulders as the held each other close.


End of Part II.

Part III is coming soon.
