                                SUMMER SCHOOL 

     It was late May when I was to start my summer session of education.
You see, all throughout the last year I had screwed off on all my studies,
not really attending school that often and when I did I didn't do much. 

     When my parents got my report card, they were furious.  I thought
they'd kill me.  I had gotten D's and F's in all but one subject (a C in sex
education).  Small wonder since I just loved to fuck around ! 

     Well the answer for my parents was pretty clear.  I had to attend the
dreaded 'Summer School' ! 

     For the entire summer vacation I was to attend classes and perform
well, otherwise I would have to drop back and retake my sophomore year over
again.  Yuck..  Beyond that, I knew that I had better do a bang up job,
otherwise my parents would raise holy hell on my backside.  Even though I
was sixteen, my mom and dad still felt it necessary to brutalize me with a
paddle now and then.  I had to admit, I kind of liked it. 

     So I got dressed on this first morning and took Tri Met to school.
When I got there, things were a mess.  There weren't that many students
attending summer school, only a handful.  God, I wished I had attended
school on a regular basis this last year instead of skipped to go to the
mall and friend's houses to screw off.  This summer school shit was going to
be a major drag.  I guess I was just one of those few people this last year
that had fucked up royal. 

     I managed to get my schedule and proceeded to go to my first class.  It
was Literature 101 with Mr. Talbot.  He's a well built hunk of a man (maybe
thirty-five) who always seemed to wear pants that hugged his crotch just a
little too tight.  After sitting down, I waited for the other students to
arrive and the class to begin.  When the bell rang, I was surprised to
notice that there was only one other girl assigned to Lit 101.  I knew her
from earlier years.  Her name was Tawny and she was kind of a 'hood'.  She'd
hang out at the local burger joint and trade fucks for dope and drink.
She'd been passed around by most of the guys (and a few of the girls) over
the course of the last four or five years.  Funny but she didn't look it.
She was still pretty fresh and innocent looking, regardless of what she had
been put through. 

     The class ran from 7:00 to 9:00 am.  We started out by reading from the
textbook, then he handed out two books that we would be reading from this
summer.  In reviewing the course outline I'd been given, I was happy to see
that Lady Chatterly's Lover and The Scarlet Letter were among the later
selections chosen for the class.  I had heard of these and looked forward to
reading some of the hot scenes out of them. 

     Mr. Talbot had a habit of standing in front of us as we read aloud and
peering down the front of our blouses.  The two of us caught on pretty fast
this first day so in the john after class we agreed to wear low cut shirts
with no bra underneath for the second day.  We talked about how hot he
looked and the ever growing bulge in his pants.  When Tawny and I met up in
the girls shitter, we talked about future plans to get this man even more
excited.  Someday in the future we planned to both wear tight spandex shorts
that would crawl up the crack of our asses.  That would get him up for sure
! 

     The next class was math, with only seven of us.  Mr. Borne co-taught
this one with Mrs. Pulver from 9 to 11.  We were going to study Algebra and
Geometry, two of my most hated subjects.  With the two of them standing over
you, you had better do well or they'd thump you on the head good.  I
wondered why they teachers got away with so much during the summer.  I mean
they really did punish you, like the old days.  I guess it was because that
we were all fuck-ups and our parents had given them permission to do what
was necessary to teach us, as long as it left no permanent scars. 

     After this first class, I had lunch for half an hour.  The cafeteria
was closed down for the summer so we each had to bring our own sack lunches.
We all ate under the watchful eye of the girl's gym teacher, Ms. Lynch.
There had been quite a bit of talk around school about how she liked to
breeze through the girl's locker room as they all undressed for class.  She
also never missed an opportunity to come through just as everyone was
getting into or out of the showers.  She was harsh in her instruction and
wouldn't hesitate to take a girl into her office for a well deserved
spanking.  Most of the girls hated her but feared her just the same.  A few
of them thought she was a fox and wanted to get into HER gym shorts. 

     After lunch, it was on to science class from 11:30 to 1.  This class
was small also, with only five other students.  There was dumb Tommy who
couldn't light a bunsen burner without catching something on fire.  Paula
was there too, you know one of the cheerleader types with no brains upstairs
but a body that would stop a truck at five hundred feet.  In the back was
Fred the doper.  He has always coming to class high and wasted and was
always falling off his chair.  Off in one corner was Mandy and Carla.
People talked about them and wondered if they were lesbos or not.  You would
see them around school touching each other or sneaking off to some dark
corner by themselves.  I thought "Shit, here I am in my worst class stuck
with a bunch of real losers.  What a bunch of shit!" 

     After science class, it was off to the gym for an hour of exercises.
Another small class of only ten students all of them girls.  I began to
wonder, was we the only ones that had screwed away the last school year.  If
so, it was going to be a long and dreary summer.  By the time gym got out,
it was two o'clock.  Shit... two more hours of this boredom...and for the
rest of the summer yet ! 

     From gym I went to art class.  Of all the classes to take over again,
this was the dumbest.  Even a chimp could pass this class, but since I had
skipped so much, I had to do it all over again.  Well, an hour of that and I
was ready for my last class of the day, Psychology. 

     All throughout the first day of school, I was amazed at how few
students there were.  It was going to be a ghost town at school this summer. 

     For after school, since I didn't have a summer job, my parents had made
me sign up for girl's baseball.  This started at 4:30 and usually ran until
7:00 every night.  Shit, I wouldn't have any time free this summer ! What a
fucking drag. 

     The second day of school started out with an unannounced assembly.  The
principal addressed the fifty students attending summer school and the
faculty members (about 10) that were to run things. 

     "Attention, as you all may have noticed on your first day, this summer
session is the smallest that we've had in many years.  With such a small
number of students it seems futile to even hold classes, but we must by
state law." 

     "Along with this, the effects of Measure 5 have cut deeply into the
revenue that the school district can invest into this summer session.
Dwindling taxes along with the increased costs of electricity, salaries and
upkeep continue to chip away at the monies that must be saved for the coming
school year.  Because of this, and the costs of keeping the building open
all summer for such a small group of students, our curriculum director, Miss
Grady, has come up with an innovative approach to dealing with our situation
here at Lakeview High." 

     "Since it is Miss Grady's plan I feel it only fair to have her explain
it to you and the ramifications it will have on each and every one of you.
Miss Grady, if you please..." 

     "Hello, students.  As Mr. Groener explained, we are required to offer
summer school to students who have not completed their course requirements
for the regular school year.  In order to do this, the school board and
teachers have determined that a new approach is needed.  Rather than
conducting classes in the usual manner, we have elected to hold classes in a
new way.  Instead of breaking the class day into separate class periods we
will try a new approach." 

     "In three week intervals, you will attend a single class all day long.
After the three weeks are up, you will have another three week block devoted
to an entirely different class.  By the end of summer you will have
completed all of your courses but in a condensed manner.  For example, if
history is your first class of the day, you will now meet for history for
eight hours a day for three weeks.  After those three weeks are completed,
you will move onto your next class for 3 weeks.  By the time September 15th
rolls around, you will have completed all of your courses as mandated by
state law." 

     "Beyond this revised schedule, there will be other significant changes.
Since funds are short, no administrators will be available.  If you have any
problems or concerns during the summer session, you are to take them
directly to your instructor.  Each teacher has been given the authority to
deal with these little problems as they occur and discipline students as
required." 

     "If a situation is not able to be resolved in this manner, I will be
available on call to come in and resolve the problem on an 'as-needed'
basis.  Aside form these changes, there is one other major shift from
regular school policy." 

     "To save money on school expenses and maintenance, the teachers have
all agreed to try something different.  They have decided to teach all of
you out of their respective homes rather than on school grounds.  Be assured
that all materials will be there for your schooling.  The only difference
will be instead of riding the bus to school, you will be going to their
homes for instruction." 

     "In addition, the teachers have been encouraged to mix in a good number
of field trips during this summer session, in order to break some of the
pressure that this new arrangement may have on students and teachers alike.
Remember one thing however.  Although you won't be on the school grounds,
per se, you are still expected to attend and to learn.  If there are
discipline problems or study concerns, I will be called in to resolve the
matter.  Since this will be cutting into my time off this summer, be advised
that I will do so quickly and harshly." 

     "I am certain that this arrangement can work out for the best.  If
things go as planned, you should pass all of your classes and be allowed to
rejoin your classmates in the fall.  Those who do not complete this session
will be dropped back down a grade, as per state law.  With this said, are
there any questions ?" 

     Stupid Martha raised her hand.  "Yes, Martha, what is it?" Miss Grady
asked.  "I walk to school everyday and don't have money for the bus.  How
will I get to school?" she said. 

     "I'm glad you asked that.  Tri Met has donated some free bus passes for
a limited number of students in just such a situation as yours.  Come to my
office after the assembly and we'll arrange for you to get one of these.
Anyone else that finds themselves in the same situation should join Martha
in my office." Several of the students fidgeted in their seats, mumbling and
groaning. 

     Miss Grady said "Make no mistake about this!  If you do not attend and
pass your classes, I will be forced to flunk you and make you take the year
over again.  If you have any qualms about this arrangement, see the
instructor and they will listen to your concerns.  Just remember, it's up to
you to meet these obligations since you have blown your chance during the
regular school year.  Don't kid yourself, this will require some very hard
work on your end, but if all goes well, you will be allowed to move forward
to the next school year." 

     "Yes, in the back".  I stood and said "What about activities.  I'm
signed up for baseball after school." 

     "We've considered this also.  For those of you who have enrolled in
activities after school, your individual instructors have agreed to help in
this regard.  After your class day, each instructor will drive those that
need it to Avery Park where the school has rented facilities for the summer.
Your instructor will drop you off there.  After your sports are over, you
can ride the bus home or have your parents pick you up there.  If these
arrangements pose a problem, see your coach and they will try to work things
out." 

     "If there are no more questions, the assembly is over.  Report to the
office for your new class schedules and packets".  We all filed out of the
auditorium, shuffling and dragging our way to the head office. 

     I couldn't help thinking that this was going to be a real weird summer.
Not only would I be spending time at my teacher's homes but I would have to
produce for the first time in a long time.  It might be kind of neat,
though.  I'd be able to see them in their own surroundings and see how they
really lived.  Tawny and I might just be able to get into Mr. Talbot's
bulging pants after all.  I wondered if there was a Mrs. Talbot.... 

       ***************************************************** 

     If you liked this story, leave a message for Big Bob.  This is the
first in a series of stories centered around "school activities". 

     Downloaded from the best BBS in town - EXTREME DREAMS !!!!!!! 
