Archive-name: Bondage/ljess01.txt
Archive-author: Mr B.
Archive-title: Loving Jess


Consenting B&D, S&M, and *no* preteen sex. (I always was 
a rebel). Oh yeah, it's incredibly demeaning to woman, 
I'm not like this really :-) Writer of HOLODECK, in case 
you're out there I want to get in touch. Pls mail / pfmb 
me, or upload a file, want to discuss your ideas).

Anyone else, if you like this, *private* email / pfmb me 
and I might write some more.
Mr B.


Loving Jess - Part 1

"Just fuck off Jess, can't you see that I'm bored with 
you?"

Jessica looked at me tearfully. "But I love you.... 
please take me back?" I'd fucked the girl for one night, 
and wasn't in the habit of anything much longer, but the 
silly bitch seemed to have developed something of a crush 
on me.

It had been two weeks since that Friday evening when, I 
guess, the earth moved for her. I'd been to the nightclub 
four, maybe five times since and every night it was the 
same. As soon as I walked in the door she'd be there, 
hanging around me like a bad smell. It wasn't that she 
was ugly - sure she'd been no stunner at school, but I 
had to credit her efforts of the last fortnight.

That first night I'd seen her dressed up in her silly 
long skirt and jacket, trying to play the career woman. 
It struck me as silly, she wasn't long sixteen, and sure 
as hell hadn't any career, dumb as she was. Comes from 
watching too much TV I suppose. But she looked so out of 
place, I let her talk, probably the last virgin left in 
town, and another one under my belt wouldn't hurt.

So I took her home, told her what a silly bitch she 
looked and how with a skirt like that she was fucking 
lucky to get screwed. Foreplay seemed too much of an 
investment so I sure wasn't going to waste my time with 
that. I just shafted her dry little pussy, busting her 
hymen and cumming on her tummy. When I told her to fuck 
off home, she just gazed open eyed at me, and said 'I 
love you and always have'. That kind of shit I just do 
not need so I pretty much kicked her out of the house. 

Next time I saw her, the jacket was the same but she'd 
taken up the skirt so that it fell above her knees. I 
found the slut's naivity kinda funny, she'd got nice, 
long legs but so had the rest of the bitches in the bar 
and they didn't want romance. "You still look shit girl" 
I told her. "What should I wear for you then?" she'd 
asked, pleading with her eyes. Give the guys a laugh I 
thought, as I told her. Boy, this girl was obsessed. Not 
a blink or question, she just tried to pout, nodded and 
said she'd see me Saturday, and that she loved me even 
more now.

I was sitting with this tall blonde bimbo called Melanie 
when Jessica arrived. We were at a table and I'd got my 
hand on Melanie's thigh - the slut was anybodies, but I 
hadn't been there and thought I might get a blowjob in 
the restroom.

When the kid called my name, I saw everyone looking at 
her, then me, then laughing. I turned, and couldn't 
believe she'd done it. Exactly as I asked.

I suppose she'd looked quite cute in the lime green 
gymslip when she was eleven, most of the kids did. But at 
sixteen she looked like the dirtyest fucking tramp this 
side of New York City. The waist was just below her tits, 
and the hem swayed around her panties or would have done 
if they hadn't been around her knees. She couldn't get 
her little white socks into the shiny mary-janes, and she 
just waddled towards me, holding the coat she'd worn to 
disguise her dress. 

"Please..." she said, with the whole place listening. 
"Take me to bed?" 

"She with you?" Melanie asked, pissing herself. "Gonna go 
and play Sindy with her?" I might have blushed a bit, but 
my hand stayed on her thigh. "Fuck you Melanie, think I'd 
go round with a mess like that? Do me a favour..."

To the laughs and jaunts of the guys, Jess burst into 
tears and ran out the door, pulling up her panties as she 
left. I got my blowjob, had a few buds then went home, 
expecting the worse from the guys next day.

I wasn't far wrong. The pool club crew had all either 
been there or heard, and they thought it was a killer. A 
can of baby-food in my locker with "have a meal with the 
girlfriend on us Bill!" taped to the door. I told them 
I'd told her to dress like that, but I'm not sure they 
believed it. This was getting fucking serious, even the 
chicks were jiving me and I'd got a reputation to look 
after. "Listen guys, boy like me attracts the girls, this 
is just one of the many. And she does was I tell her." 
They weren't buying it. "OK Bill, we tell you what she's 
got to wear, she wears it maybe we give you a break" said 
Riley. 

They sure as hell didn't expect it, and I guess nor did 
I. I didn't have the guts to ask, just shoved the message 
in her front door. But she surprised us all, and I'd bet 
a dollar that she got a few cocks hard that night.

The white lycra mini-dress would have looked good on her 
anyway, moulding her lithe teenage body in all the right 
places. The hand-cuffs keeping her wrists behind her back 
and her ankles six inches apart were kinky as fuck making 
her waddle like a stoned duck. But what set it off were 
the hundreds of cut out photos stapled all over the white 
material. Every one was carefully cut out of a b&d porno 
magazine, and each showed a girl being fucked up the ass 
or in the face, while tied in the most uncomfortable 
positions. Talk about putting ideas into your head.

But Imogen, my horny cheerleader for the night was 
stroking my cock at every opportunity and I knew my 
priorities. After telling Jess where to go, I took her to 
a corner and shoved a finger up her cunt. One of the boys 
wandered over, "Hey Bill, you be wanting your slut?". 
Imogen glared at him. "Not you bitch, the school girl, 
the kid in the handcuffs." I wasn't jealous. "Fuck no - 
get her off my back - give her all you've got man".

When I'd finished with the cheerleader, I was wrecked. 
She'd taken it up the ass right there in the dancefloor, 
her satin dress hald way up her back as I shot my load. I 
walked out the club, and heard a wimpering from the 
sidewalk. "Bill..... Bill.... please come and talk to 
me?"

Jess was slumped against a trash-can, her slutty dress 
now pulled up around her waist. The guys had pulled off 
some of the photos that now lay scattered around the 
alley floor and her face was dripping cum like she'd been 
showering in a sperm bank. "Are you glad that your 
friends did this to me?"  I felt so powerful with the 
little slut, I didn't care what I said to her. 

"Yeah, I'm glad. It's good to see a little cunt like you 
suffering, all trussed up with handcuffs, and spunk 
dripping down you face. Guess I kinda like that."  I 
waited for her to burst into tears, but her mouth begin 
to smile, just a girlish sweet grin that actually made 
her look pretty. "Make me suffer for you more then Bill? 
I'm not suffering enough, 'cos I'm happy I can do 
something you want?"

"Sure, I'll make you suffer. I'm going home... on my own. 
" I walked off, I'd had enough of it tonight, and the kid 
was crazy. She called out a few times, but I didn't look 
back until I reached the next block. She was waddling 
back to her appartment, fuck knows what would happen to 
her on the way, looking like that.


--
