
 	LIBRARY LYACANTHROPHY
	by Neceros

 A large building, a sign, it says Central University Library.
 
 Long rows of books shelves. Late at night the library has closed. Old brick 
 walls. Books and dust.
 
 A woman walks along. Gale. She is a little shorter than medium height. 
 She is in her late thirties. Slim and perfect shape. 
 Though a pair of large glasses perch on her nose she is a very attractive 
 woman.
 She has hair to her shoulders, it is brown blond shot through with a glimmer of 
  red.
 She is dressed in beige blouse with lace at the shoulder and neck. A pendant 
   swings about her neck. She also wears a long straight cross striped skirt with 
   a kick pleat in the front and flat black belt at her waist. The skirt ends at 
   mid calf she wears a pair of fashionable pull on high heeled boots.
 She stops. Looks at the books. She nods she seems to be at the place she wants. 
 
 Flash! From another dimension werewolves appear in a shimmer down the corridor. 
   They are humanoid in appearance. More like the old kind of movie werewolf 
   except they wear no clothes. And they have external genitalia. Call them W1 and 
   W2.
 
 Gale climbs on a stool to reach books on a higher level of books.
 She is unaware of the werewolves coming up behind her.
 
 Gale on the top of the ladder becomes aware she is not alone. She looks down. 
   Horror and surprise register on her face.
 W1 snarls and knocks the ladder over. Gale screams and falls. She hits the 
   floor with her head. She is knocked unconscious.
 
 As she lays on her back W1 comes up behind her lifting her up by her shoulders 
   while W2 picks her up by her booted feet. 
 W1 carries Gale , arms under her armpits,  his big hairy hands close on the 
   thin material of her blouse cupping her breasts. He squeezes them holding her 
   tight. He begins to back up as they carry her down the row of books towards a 
   room with an open door.
 
 As they carry her, W2 hitches the woman up so he carries her with a hand around 
   each knee. He holds her in such a way that the hem of her skirt and slip began 
   to retreat up her legs. Since the skirt is moderately tight W2 takes pleasure 
   in a very slow retreat. Smooth material of the white slip. First narrow knees, 
   then the tops of gray tone hosiery, garter belt buckles in the top of her 
   stockings, tight elastic garter straps against smooth white inner thigh. A thin 
   white pair of panty briefs, not bikini style but high hippers, molding to her 
   mound of Venus, the crinkle of pubic hair. Finally the hem of skirt and slip 
   halt above her smooth flat stomach and the top of her garter belt.
 
 W2 gets an erection. His big dick is human ,a big dark stalk. He hitches Gale 
   up even further so his big stiff dork and balls bounce on her panty covered 
   mound of Venus. He enjoys it.
 
 They take Gale into a room with Book Bindery painted on the door and close the 
   door.
 
 W1 takes her to a narrow table in the room and places her face up on it.She 
   lays unconscious, her skirt and slip still bunched above her hips. They 
   spread-eagle her on the table. They scoot her forward so her head and shoulders  
   hang off the table. W1 uses some cord to loop around her boots which runs off 
   too the edge of the table and ties the loops to the legs.
 
 Finding some thin cable in a corner they hitch this around her at the small of 
   back , looping it over an overhead pipe they pull her up bending upwards. 
   She is lifted part way off the table.
 Muscles strain in her arms and legs.
 
 She is posed with her hips arched up , legs stretched. The skirt and slip 
   drape down. Her head hangs down , her breasts up thrust.
 
 W2 slowly unbuttons the silky blouse. A slip covers her bra. Using a sharp 
   black nail on a hairy hand he carefully splits her slip down between her 
   breasts. He pushes blouse and torn slip to either side but leaves them on her 
   body.
 
 Starting on the top of her flat stomach he digs her nails in making small 
   scratches. Dragging upward he watches as her unconscious faces registers pain. 
   Upward. Nails catch under her bra. Creamy mounds are raked. Rosy nipples come 
   into view. He pushes the bra up and off her breasts but leaves it rucked up 
   beneath her neck.
 He twists her nipples, they get hard in the cool air.
 
 W1 and W2 look around the room and gather up some objects they find.
 A sealing iron. It is a rod with a handle on one end and a solid block of metal 
   shaped like a obelisk on the other end. An electrical cord runs to a rheostat 
   connection to the electricity. Some bindery sewing needles about 4 inches long. 
   A butane cigarette lighter.
 
 W1 looks at the woman's face, she is still out. He pinches her face and she 
   comes around.
 
 W2 holds her arms.
 W1 takes the needles. He shows them to the woman. Her eyes widen in fear. 
   Between thumb and forefinger he squeezes a pert nipple, it stands hard in 
   excitement. He carefully places the point of the needle right on top of her 
   left nipple then slowly drives it right straight into her left nipple and 
   downward in the breast till it stops at her rib cage, leaving about an inch 
   sticking out. Gale's face is a mask of pain as he does the same on her right 
   breast. She screams as she looks at the needles sticking out of her nipples.
 
 She recoils in horror. She able to blubber out.
 "What is this, please don't." 
 
 W1,moves around the woman, places a big hairy hand on her flat belly feeling 
   the muscles tense. He reaches down to her upward-arched hips makes a claw with 
   his right hand and digs his sharp nails into her left inner thigh. Dragging 
   upward he traces upward and to the left and downward leaving long scratch marks 
   on inner thigh and across her groin parallel to the tight garter strap against 
   her thigh. But he is careful not to break the garter strap. He does this slowly 
   his nails catching in the tight leg-band of her panties.
 Gale screams as the material tears.
 
 W1 continues the scratches across her mound of Venus and light V-patch of pubic 
   hair scooping and tearing the thin material. She jerks as her pussy is exposed 
   and the sharp claw on his little finger scratches across the top of her 
   Virginia. He shreds bottom out of her panties. He pushes the remnant material up 
   to the top of her garter belt leaving it there in a wispy bandanna.
 
 W1 inserts a big hairy finger into her pussy and gouges her from the inside 
   with his sharp nail. Gale screams.
 
 W2 is excited by the woman's strained position and the horror on her face. His 
   big hair cock is brick hard. He rubs it on her soft cheeks.
 
 While W2 holding her arms pushes her downward to arc her breasts more T1  
   flicks up a flame on the butane lighter. He shows the distressed woman the 
   lighter, she shakes her head. Reaching down he heats the ends of the needles 
   that have been driven into her breasts. Gale pitches her breasts in agony as 
   she tries to avoid the flame. But she cannot move her shoulders enough and 
   searing pain sizzles her breasts.
 
 This gets W2 so excited he lets go of her arms, goes around, and gets onto the 
   table. Lifting the woman up he gets on his knees. He slowly forces his big cock 
   into her pussy. Gale is in too busy watching W1 torment her breasts to notice. 
   She bucks in her agony, light flashing off her glasses. With her arms free she 
   tries to protect herself beating on T1. T1 just holds her down by the neck with 
   big paw half choking her and continues to heat the needles.
 
 W1 stops torturing her breasts before she passes out.
 
 He looks at her. Her face is a mask of strain, sweat lines her brow from her 
   exertions.
 
 She notices she is being raped by W2 and starts whimpering "No, no", again. W2 
   just loves it.
 
 W1 now takes the sealing iron and shows it to her. Her eyes behind the glasses 
   are wide with fear. With his strong left hand he squeezes her jaws till he can 
   force the pointed end of the iron into her mouth. Gale tries to turn her head 
   away. She makes moist gagging sounds as he forces the iron all the way to her 
   mouth. He makes sure it is not too far in , so she wont strangle. Making sure 
   she can see him he slowly rotates the knob on the rheostat. Gale's eyes are 
   wide with panic.
 
 The iron takes a while to heat up. As it becomes hotter and hotter Gale forgets 
   about W2 big pumping dick buried in her. With every muscle in her neck and 
   face straining she tries to spit the hot iron out. W1 place his big left paw on 
   her sore right breast pushing her back on the table with his right keeps the 
   iron in her mouth. Pretty soon the iron is searing the roof of her mouth and 
   tongue. Her arms flail at him , her fists beating ineffectively on his thick 
   fur. She trashes her high heeled boots on the table twisting in agony, a thin 
   wisp of steam curls from around the iron out of her mouth.
 
 W2 is so excited now he reaches his climax pulling out his big dork he 
   ejaculates. He just pumps and pumps his jiz in fountain onto her smooth belly.. 
   W2 howls with animal pleasure.
 
 W2 gets out from beneath the woman. 
 
 W1 pulls the iron out of her mouth, it makes a steamy sucking sound. W1 hands 
   the iron to W2. She looks at him in pain and horror , a thin film of sweat on 
   her face. He looks at her open mouth and puts a couple of hairy fingers in. 
   Running them to the back of her throat she begins to gag. Her eyes are wide in 
   terror behind her glasses. 
 
 W1 shows her his big cock. He steps over her straddling her. He sits on her his 
   hairy buttocks pen her upper chest to the table. With her head and shoulder off 
   the table its a painful position for her. He rests the base of his dick on her 
   nose his balls nestled on her chin. His cock has a acrid animal smell. A small 
   pearly bead of werewolf cum stands on the top of his dick. She makes croaking 
   gagging sounds of dismay.
 
 W2 now moves the hot iron to Gale's exposed bottom. He spreads her pussy 
   slightly and touches the tip of the iron to her clitoris. She tenses and arcs 
   her back with the pain. He runs the iron down her inner left thigh leaving a 
   trace of a red welt down to the top of her hosiery. She twists her hips trying 
   to get away from the distress.
 
 The pain in Gale's face just excites W1 more. Holding his big dick he forces it 
   between her teeth and into back of her injured mouth. Gale can only make a 
   hoarse squeal. He begins to fuck her in the mouth.
 
 W2 now parts the tight cheeks of her ass. Finding her anus he slowly rams the 
   hot iron into her. It sizzles as he forces it deeper and deeper. He takes the 
   handle and twists it. Gale once again is a picture of tense muscle, sweat and 
   muffled screeches.
 
 W1 keeps grinding his big prick down her mouth while W2 tortures Gale below. 
   She beats on his outside of his straddled thighs. She tries of bit his dick but 
   it like biting on a thick leather riding crop. It just excites W2 more. She is 
   strong and putting up a fight. Good W2 thinks, it will be more fun to kill her 
   this way.
 
 This goes on for many minutes. Finally W1 hits his climax. He howls as he 
   begins to pump his hot cum down Gale's throat. She twists her head violently he 
   keeps a tight grip. Her slim hands beat against the bunched muscles of his 
   legs.
 
 Gale tries at first to swallow the werewolf's jiz but its too much. Soon gobs 
   of pearly fluid leaks from around W1's hard dick down the sides of her mouth. 
   More cum. Cum streams down her temples and drips off her ears. She begins to 
   strangle on W1's big load. He just keeps his big dick stuffed down her mouth 
   and throat.
 
 W1 now makes sure the woman will die. He reaches down and pinches her nostrils 
   together. Now she will strangle for sure.
 
 Gale thrashes on the table. She is dying, strangling on W1's big dick and cum. 
 
 W2 keeps the hot iron up her ass as she drives the heels of her boots into the 
   table. She arches her body up. As death tremors rack her body she starts to 
   piss. An arch of urine springs into the air. Some falls on the iron and there 
   is steam.
 
 Leaving the iron in Gale's body W2 stands back enjoying Gale's death throes.
 
 W1 pulls out his big dork making a sucking sound.
 
 Her bucking and twisting becomes more and more incoherent. W1's cum gurgles in 
   the back of her throat. Trying to get at least one breath her jiz coated 
   tongue protrudes from her mouth. She blows a cum bubble that pops just as she 
   dies.
 The beautiful lady is still in death. Gale's lovely eyes stare in bugged out 
   fatality from behind her big glasses. Her head turns to the side as a wave of 
   W1's cum drools from her open mouth dripping on the floor.
 
 W1 notices in death she is still clutching his big hairy outer thigh. He has to 
   break her death grip to get off her. She is half hanging off the table with one 
   arm hanging down the other stiff in the air , the slim hand curled in a death 
   grip. 
 
 This intrigues T2. He comes around to her head and squats down so he can sight 
   down her body. Her painful death still on her face , her arced tortured breasts 
   , the rucked up bra, the bunched up skirt and slip , loved legs and lingerie, 
   the boots, it all excites him again.
 
 His big dork is hard again so he steps up to her and inserts his big dick into 
   her death curled hand. He hand is still warm. He pumps letting the dead woman 
   give him a hand job. Soon he is snorting with pleasure letting cum fly in the 
   air. It splashes into the woman's fine hair. Making a gooey patch and dripping 
   onto the floor.
 
 In a flash the werewolves disappear.
 
 They find her body in the morning hips arched in the air with the wire support, and booted feet tied spread-eagled to the table skirt and slip wrapped above her 
   waist. Legs and lingerie exposed. Half off the table her beautiful  tortured 
   breasts pointed towards the ceiling. 
 She died with boots and glasses on.
