
                       M/f, INCEST, SLOPPY SECONDS, BEAST


                                   Late Date
                                   By Unknown

      "Well, young lady, it's about time you got home.  You're two hours beyond
curfew.  Where have you been?"

      "Uh, just out?"

      "Parking with your boyfriend again I expect.  Well, how far did you let
him go this time?"

      "Daddy, we were just talking -- that's all"

      "Sure.  That's why your blouse is buttoned up wrong and you skirt is all
wrinkled, right?"

      "We were just kissing and stuff"

      "It's the 'and stuff' I'm worried about.  I bet he had his hands in your
blouse, feeling your breasts, right?  And didn't you have a bra on when you
left here tonight?"

      "I took it off -- it was uncomfortable.  It's in my purse."

      "Okay, so empty your purse -- let's see what else got 'uncomfortable."

      "YOU CAN'T LOOK IN MY PURSE -- THAT'S PRIVATE!"

      "Hmmm, sounds like there's something in there you don't want me to find.
Dump the purse on the table."

      "But Daddy..."

      "DUMP IT!  That's better.  Now, let's see.  Bra. Tampon?  It's not nearly
time for your period -- what's this doing in here? What else? And a whole tube
of KY jelly!  And what is THAT in here for?"

      "Uh....uh, just in case?"

      "Just in case WHAT?"

      "Uh, just in case... well, you know."

      "Okay, daughter -- strip.  It's high time to find out JUST what you've
been up to.  Raise your skirt, drop your panties, lay back on the table, and
spread your legs."

      "Daddy, what are you going to do -- and here in the living room!?"

      "I'm going to examine your privates to see if you've been screwing
around.  Now raise your skirt or I'll do it."

      "Daddy!"

      "I said raise your skirt -- like this!  What's this? Your panties have a
big wet spot all over the crotch -- and judging from the odor, you didn't pee
your pants!"

      "Daddy, we just did some heavy petting -- THAT'S ALL!"

      "So!  He had his hand up your skirt!

      Did he rub your pussy thru your panties or did you let him slide his hand
inside your undies and touch the real thing?"

      "I didn't let him touch me 'down there'.  He just massaged my breasts!"

      "So take off your blouse.  Let's see what he 'massaged'."

      "Daddy..."

      "Okay, if I have to take off your blouse myself I will.  Looks like he
massaged your breasts with his teeth -- those are hickeys all over your
breasts.  Let's see what he massaged your pussy with.  Slide your panties off!"

      "Oh, if I have to..."

      "So!  When did you start shaving your pubic hair?  Does he like the feel
of soft skin better?  And is all that YOUR juices flowing down your thighs?"

      "Daddy, pubic hair is so yucky!  And yes, those are all my juices.
I'm...I'm aroused!"

      "I'll say!  You're also blushing."

      "Well I'm standing here with my privates hanging out in front of my
father, I'm hot and bothered and sticky and wet.  I'm about ready to 'cream my
jeans' -- if I had any on! And all I want to do is go upstairs and get in
bed..."

      "And play with yourself!  Don't you even want to douche out his semen?"

      I bet all those juices flowing down your legs aren't just your own girl
juices. In fact, I bet if I stick a finger up you I'd find a big wad of his
cum. Spread your legs and I think I'll find out."

      "You mean you're going to stick a finger up my privates? Don't I have
anything to say about all this?  What about my privacy?"

      "Spread your legs.  I'm going to find out if you've really been screwing
around."

      "DO I HAVE TO?  This is so embarrassing.  If you're going to do it
anyway, then please at least lubricate your fingers with the KY jelly."

      "What's the matter -- aren't you already wet and slick enough? Okay, I'm
lubing up my finger.  Is that good enough?  Now spread your legs.  That's
better.  I don't think I've ever seen a girl so red and swollen and wet.  You
must be really turned on. Okay, now here comes my finger -- don't tighten up
so. Relax. What's this?

      Where's your hymen?  You're not a virgin anymore are you?"

      "Daddy!  A girl can be a virgin without a maidenhead -- there's a lot of
ways to stretch or break it.  Gymnastics, horse back riding..."

      "Playing with yourself, fucking.  I think I'd better see what's up
further. Lay down and spread your legs.  That's good. Now reach down and spread
your labia. I'm going to reach WAY up and see what's hiding up there."

      "Daddy, do you have to?  Why don't you just let me go up to bed and we'll
forget about all of this."

      "Keep talking like that and I'll really have to find out what you're
hiding. Now relax because I'm sticking my finger as far up as I can... and
unless I'm mistaken, you've got a diaphragm up your cooter, don't you?"

      "Uh, well, sorta."

      "So you have been screwing around.  And this goo is probably his spunk.
And I bet not twenty minutes ago you were in the same position in the back seat
of his car.  Legs spread wide so that the whole world could see your privates
-- at least until he got his cock into you.  How long have you been screwing
around -- when was the first time?"

      "About six months ago -- at the church camp out.  We sorta snuck off into
the bushes.  Oh Daddy, I'm so embarrassed."

      "As well you should be.

      "And is that KY jelly on your bottom hole?

      Did he stick it up there, too.  Is there more semen up your tooshie?  I'm
going to find out.  Relax your bottom hole because here comes my finger."

      "Oh! Not back there!  Oh that feels so funny. Stop -- please -- or I'm
going to have an accident right here."

      "Feels like more semen up there too.  And you're smiling an awful lot for
someone who doesn't like what's going on.  And your hips are moving around a
lot, too.  You're not enjoying this, are you?" "Well... It does feel nice."

      "From the looks of your cooter, you didn't have an orgasm with him, did
you? I've never see a vulva that swollen and red and drippy."

      "No, not really."

      "Why don't you go ahead and bring yourself off right now."

      "HERE?  In front of my own father?"

      "Why not?  Here, give me your hand.  Just rub it like this -- see, isn't
that good?  And doesn't the fact that I'm watching make it better --
naughtier?"

      "It does feel good -- better than usual.  Just having you watch me play
with myself makes me that much hotter.  You can look right up my coozie and see
all the juices ooze around and see my little brown back hole convulse.  Watch
me rub my privates and see my hips jerk.  See my finger slide in and out of my
privates hole?  And then sneak down and slide into my poopie hole?

      Daddy,  I 'm getting ready to come -- see my juices flow down my cooter,
past my bottom hole and drip off in long sticky drops?  OH... This feels SO
GOOD! AHHHH!"

      "Now, wasn't that fun.  Let's take you upstairs and get you all cleaned
up -- inside and outside."

      "What do you mean?"

      "Time for a bath -- and a douche and enema.  You don't want his goo up
you, do you?"

      "No. I guess not."

      "Okay, first the douche.  Has anyone ever given you a douche before?"

      "No. I've never had one before."

      "First thing we do is set you down on the commode and spread your legs
far enough to see your cunny lips.  Then we fill the douche bag with warm water
and lubricate the nozzle.  Then I reach way under you like this and slowly
slide the nozzle up your cooter.  That's right.  Now push your bottom up so I
can see what's going on.  Now we start the flow and hold your labia together
while the pressure builds enough to balloon out your vagina and wash away all
his goo from the walls.  Do you feel it?"

      "Yes, it feels sorta nice, a real full feeling, kinda sexy."

      "Okay, now I let go and watch all the goo flow out."

      "Oww!  That felt SO good.  Do it again."

      "We will, until we empty the bag up you.  See?  Feel it blow up your
vagina and put pressure on your entire private area. Doesn't it feel good?"

      "Oh, I feel so warm and tingly.  But I've got to go pee-pee."

      "Go ahead, you're on the commode."

      "But your hands are in the way."

      "Go ahead.  I want to show you something."

      "Well, if you're sure.  Here goes... WHOOO!  WHAT DID YOU DO?"

      "Did it feel good?  I just rubbed your clitoris as you peed. It feels
better that way, doesn't it?"

      "Wow! I think I came again just from that.  It felt SO good."

      "Well, there's more to sex than just fucking -- remember that.

      Now it's time to get you're backside cleaned out."

      "But Daddy.  He REALLY didn't come back there.  He just stuck his finger
up me there."

      "Did it feel good?"

      "Well... yes."

      "Let's go ahead and give you an enema to wash out the KY then.

      And I think you'll find out it'll feel even better than a finger.  First
let me dry off your cooter.  It looks much happier now -- not nearly as puffy
and red."

      "I feel a lot better -- less edgy. But I still feel REAL turned on."

      "I bet you do!  Now lay down over my lap and I'll spread your bottom
cheeks and put a big gob of KY on your poopie hole. There, now I'll rub that
in.."

      "Daddy!  You're sticking your finger up my bottom again."

      "Well, that's where the enema nozzle is going to go, so that's where the
lubrication's got to go.

      You don't want it to hurt, do you?"

      "No.   But it feels so funny when you do that."

      "Well, that should do.  Now I'm going to slide the nozzle way up inside
you like this."

      "Oh gosh that feels weird.  Sort of like going to the bathroom in
reverse."

      "Now I'm going to turn on the valve.  Feel the water flowing into your
bowels? Does it feel good?"

      "It feels great.  I feel filled up and all warm inside. Daddy, please rub
my cooter while I fill up."

      "Like this?  Hold my hand and show me the best way to make it feel good.
Like this?"

      "YES!  OH, that's SO GOOD.  My insides are exploding!"

      "Now, let's get you all cleaned up.  Spread your legs so I can get in
there and wipe off your goo.  That's good.  My, my there's nothing that looks
better than a happy cooter, and there's nothing happier than a cooter that's
just come. You know, you look positively obscene laying there with the hose
sticking out of your bottom and your legs spread and all that girl goo sticking
to your legs. I bet you can even feel my dick thru my pants underneath you,
can't you."

      "I feels like the biggest one I ever heard of!  Can you rub me some
more?"

      "Well, we're almost out of water.  Why don't you go ahead and empty out
all that water and I'll give you something to REALLY remember this night by."

      "What's that Daddy?"

      "How about my hard cock up your tiny little rear hole?"

      "NO WAY! It'll never fit!  You'll kill me."

      "Only with pleasure.  Now squat over the toilet while I reach down
between your legs and slowly pull this hose out from up inside your bottom.
Feel it coming out.  I can see your rose clench around it like you don't want
it to come out. Do you like things stuck up your bottom?"

      "Well, sorta.  It feels real nice and makes me wet down between my legs."

      "Do you ever put things up there?"

      "Sometimes.  It feels real neat to insert a tampax up there and pull it
part way out so that it sticks out and stretches my bottom hole.

      Then if I play with myself while it's sticking out, it feels REAL nice
when I come."

      "Have you ever let any of your boyfriends stick anything up there before
tonight?"

      "No not really.  They all thought it was yucky."

      "How about back when you were smaller?  Any of your little girlfriends
ever play with your bottom?  I hear those slumber parties get really wild at
times."

      "Well, we did stick our fingers up each others bottoms and went pee-pee.
We said we wanted to feel how each of us was made and how pee-pee got out, but
really all we wanted was to have somebody stick something up us.  It was really
kinda neat.  And it felt real good too.  I think I had my first orgasm like
that. Patty had stuck her finger up my poopie hole and I had straddled the
toilet.  Just as I started peeing, she 'accidentally' moved her had up and
touched my clitoris.  The feel of her hand on my bare clitoris combined with
her finger up my butt and the fact that I was peeing on her hand and she wasn't
moving caused a come that almost made me faint.

      "A few years later we all showed each other the best way to insert a
tampon. Now to do a real good job meant that our cooters had to be lubricated.
We didn't have and lube other than our own -- so we had to sort of finger each
others privates until we were slick enough to insert the applicator with no
problem.  Once we got to that point, it was always a long drawn out
demonstration on the correct method of holding your labia out of the way and
how best to open the vagina far enough to make the tampon slide right up where
it belongs.  Sometimes it took five or six tries and twenty or thirty minutes
for each girl to demonstrate her favorite method of insertion on each of us in
turn.

      There were always quite a few of us who had weak knees and sticky cooters
when THAT was over -- usually after we finished off an entire box of forty
tampons among four or five of us.  And there wasn't a dry tampon left when we
finished! Every one of the poor things had soaked up bunches of sticky young
girl juice from our hot, wet cooters."

      "Is that what you all did at slumber parties?"

      "Well, later on, Patty found out that tampons swell quite a lot if you
get them wet.  So one time when I slept over at her house, her parents went out
to a party and we had the house to ourselves.  First we made sure the doors
were locked -- we didn't want to be surprised or raped or anything!  And then
we went into the bathroom and rubbed each other's cooters until we were both
real hot and juicy.  Then she had me insert five tampons into my cunny and lay
down in the tub.  Then she told me to scoot my bottom down under the faucet as
she ran nice warm water over the outside of my privates.  It felt REAL good,
but she said she knew something that'd make it feel even better.  I said I
couldn't imagine anything much better -- I already felt stuffed and real turned
on.  She just smiled and reached down and spread my cunny lips to the water.
That warm water just flowed right up my cunny and wet down those tampons!  Then
they started swelling to about twice their normal dry size!  I thought my
cooter was going to bust -- but it felt sooo good.  I came about three times
before I nearly fainted -- right there in the bathtub!  The only real problem
with that was getting those soggy tampons out of me.  We took about two hours
digging the little pieces out from up there. Of course Peggy did most of the
digging because I couldn't see much.

      And I think she did more than a thorough job -- she didn't find any more
pieces up me after the first twenty minutes, but her fingers felt so good going
all up in my cooter.  I think I came another three or four times from that."

      "Is that how your hymen go busted?"

      "Well...."

      "Go ahead, I won't get mad."

      "Are you sure?"

      "Yes, go ahead."

      "Actually it's not.  One night Sally had a slumber party over at her
house.  We got to talking about what it must feel like to have a thing up your
cooter.  We were all virgins so it was all just speculation... except for
Sally.  She told us she had actually had a real thing up her.  Of course we all
didn't believe her at first, but she kept swearing she actually had and told us
she could prove it.  We asked he how she could prove it and she laid back on
the bed and pulled off her pajama bottoms and panties and reached down and
spread her cunny lips.  She then said 'See!  See!  No hymen!'  Well, we all
crowded around her privates and felt around up her and couldn't find her
maidenhead. Then Karen said she didn't have much of a hymen herself from
playing with her cooter and everything and she had never had a weenie up her
cooter.  Then Sally said she would show us that she had actually had a real
thinger up her.  We all kidded her and asked if she was going to call her
boyfriend over and have him do it in front of all of us.  She sorta smiled and
said that was almost exactly what she was going to do.  Then she called in he
big Labrador retriever.  We didn't understand what she was going to do."

      "She was going to let the dog screw her, right?"

      "Uh, yeah.  So she got down on the floor on her hands and knees and
played with the dog's thingy until it was real red and hard, then she helped
him get up on her back and then she reached around behind her and grabbed his
thingy and guided it right into her cooter.  He gave a thrust and the whole
thing sunk right in up to a big bulge at the base.  She pushed her bottom back
at the dog and he pushed back and all of a sudden the bulge went up her too. We
were all shocked and real turned on.  The dog started humping away at her and
she started moaning real low.  We tried to get them apart, but she and the dog
were all stuck together real tight.  Finally after about twenty minutes, in
which Sally must have come about five times -- you should have seen the girl
goo all over her thighs! -- the dog began whimpering and thrusting real hard.
The dog was coming right there in front of us up Sally's privates!  It was
really NEAT!"

      "Then what happened?"

      "Well, Sally had just about fainted and was a real mess, so we decided
that she needed a shower.  We all got undressed -- and I noticed there wasn't a
dry pair of panties in the bunch -- and lifted her into the shower and turned
on the water, then took turns washing her.  It was a real good shower and she
got real clean -- especially "certain parts" of her.  Each of us took a turn
making sure her cunny was all nice and clean.  After all that, she was the only
one of us that was clean and dry between the legs.  And the dog was whimpering
in the next room with a red thingy sticking down between his legs.  We were all
REAL horny so we drew straws to see who would get to lose her virginity to the
big Lab. I won.  So we went into the bedroom and I got down on the floor on my
hands and knees.  All the girls started trying to get the dog to approach my
rear end by taking fingerfuls of my goo from my cooter and feeding it to the
dog.  After a little while, he moved close enough to smell where all that goo
was coming from and followed his nose.  I was sorry that all the girls stopped
fingering my cooter -- right up until his big tongue hit my cunny!  I had an
orgasm right there!  I nearly fainted and girl juice just dripped all over my
legs.

      Some of the girls had to hold my up -- and of course they took advantage
of my vulnerable state to finger my cunny and squeeze my breasts.

      "How long did he lick you?"

      "Well, I don't really remember -- at least ten minutes. Then, all of a
sudden, I felt something heavy on my back, then something furry grab me around
the waist.

      The big Lab was trying to mount me -- right there in front of all my
girlfriends!  I felt his big doggy thing bounce around "down there" a few time
before Sally reached down and sorta aimed it in the right direction. His thing
lodged in between my cunny lips and I felt him give a big shove.  There wasn't
any pain -- just a great swelling feeling up inside of me.  It was a great
feeling of being totally filled.  And he kept on shoving more and more of his
thing right up my poor little cooter until I felt a huge bulge at the opening
to my cunny.

      His doggy bulge wanted up inside my cooter, too. And I wanted up inside
me.  I gave a back thrust and felt my cunny lips stretch up, up and finally
over the big bulge.  I couldn't believe how good it felt to be skewered by that
big Lab's thingy in my tight little coozie.  All the other girls were real
quiet, but every one of them had their hands in their wet-crotched panties,
just rubbing away at their cooters, just wishing they were me.  I guess I sorta
lost some control of my bladder, because Sally said every time the Lab
thruster, I'd lose a little pee-pee.  Just a little squirt at each thrust, but
it didn't take long to make a real mess back there, what with my juices, the
dog's slobber from the tounging, the dog's lubricants, and my pee.  I was wet
from my waist to my knees but the smell really was neat -- pure SEX.  Finally,
after about a half an hour of the dog thrusting away in my cunny and me having
orgasm after orgasm he began to come.  Because my cunny was so full of his
thingy, there was no room for his goo too, so it all came squirting out all
over me, my privates, the floor, the Lab and any girl who stuck her face down
between my legs to see how everything fit together and worked -- which was
every last one of them!"

      "So that's how you lost your virginity.  Have you lost you rear cherry
yet?"

      "No...."

      "Well, why don't you come over here and let's stick my "thingy" up your
bottom while you tell me more.  That's right. Now turn around while I lube up
your bottom hole.  Let's take a little lube from up front -- some of YOUR lube
that is.  And rub it all up inside your tiny little back hole.  That feels nice
doesn't it?"

      "It sure does, Daddy, but your thingy is going to hurt an awful lot,
won't it?"

      "No, just slowly ease back onto it.  That's right.  Now, open your bottom
hole like you were going to the bathroom.  Imagine my thing is a log that's
trying to sneak back up you -- you know, it's not much bigger than some of the
logs you grunt out, is it?"

      "It sure looks bigger!  Stop, I can feel it right at the edge of my
bottom hole.  It's too big!  It'll never fit!"

      "Yes it will, just start sitting down on my lap and it'll just slip right
up into you.  That's right, nice and slow.  See? Almost all of him is up you
now and you haven't died."

      "Oh, wow, it feels real weird but real good!"

      "I can feel you bottom working on my thing.  It feels like a real slick
tube made of well greased spring steel is milking it, trying to milk out the
come and have it shoot all up into your dark funky little back hole -- right up
into your bowels!"

      "Oh Daddy, I'm coming again!"

      "So am I.  Can you feel the hot sperm shooting up into you?"

      "All up in me!  This feels SO good!"

      "Move your bottom up and down.  I think I can stay hard enough to stay up
you if you tighten up your bottom hole like you're trying to not have an
accident. That's the way.  I'm going to be able to keep my dick up your hot
little bung hole for another good romp.  Why don't you go ahead with your story
now."

      "Daddy, this is real neat -- sitting on your lap with your thingy up my
bottom and my cooter all wet and sticky talking about sexy things like being
screwed by a doggy."

      "It's not exactly dull having my beautiful, sexy daughter nude on my lap
with my prick nuzzling deep in her up-until-recently-virgin rump while she
tells me about how she and her little girlfriends used to play naughty games
with each others' nubile bodies and how she lost her cherry to a big Lab."

