Archive-name: Bondage/laura.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Laura


     Jason  Garrett  was a very wealthy, and lonely  man.   Years 
ago  his wife had left him for "mental cruelty."  He  had  wanted 
her  to  stop  looking like Twiggy and have some  shape  on  her.  
With   a  smart  lawyer she turned that into a  case.   That  was 
twenty  years  ago.  His one real love was Alyce,  his  daughter.  
She was the "apple of his eye" and he would do anything for her.  
Unfortunately,  she was as willful and as slavish to  fashion  as 
her  mother  ever was.  Now she was asking him  to  do  something 
illegal for her!

     Alyce  was  in  the Miss Galaxy pageant  and  she  would  be 
assured of winning were it not for Laura Nelson.  This  girl  had 
beauty,  brains, wit, personality, and a perfect model's  figure.  
Beverly, the ex, had just left with Alyce.  They wanted him to do 
something to Laura so her days in beauty pageants would be  over.  
Beverely, fiendish as always, had suggested some kind of maiming.  
Jason   talked   them  into  something   else   less   permanent.  
Reluctantly, he put the plan into motion.

     Laura  was driving down a quiet lane.  She had just  stopped 
for a light when a man ran  up and shoved a cloth over her  face.  
She struggled vainly and lost consciousness.

     Laura  awoke  in a beautiful room overlooking a  fairy  tale 
garden.   She was dressed in a diaphanous garment.  She  explored 
the area and panicked.  There was no way out!  As lovely as  this 
setting  was, it was a prison!  The room had many books,  mostly 
romantic  trash.   Strangely,  on  several  tables  were  various 
cakes,  pastries, and candies.  The  scent of lilacs blew  in  on 
the  gentle,  breeze, along with the aromas  of  sumptuous  meals 
being prepared.... somewhere.  Hours passed.  Laura read a  book.  
She was getting hungry.  She hadn't had a piece of cake in weeks, 
and  it did smell good.  She took a small piece.  That  satisfied 
her  and  she  returned to her book.   The  afternoon  found  her 
reading, with a glass of wine and a piece of candy in her  hand.  
On  the floor was the uneaten half of the quiche that  had  been 
slid  under  her door.  The days passed, with no one for  her  to 
talk to and nowhere to go.

     Laura  had  known  from  the beginning  that  she  had  been 
kidnaped,  and she expected to meet her captors, but as the  days 
passed and no one came to talk to her, she began to freak.    She 
had thoughts that she  had actually died and this was  Hell,   or 
at  least, purgatory.  By the third day the mind numbing  boredom 
was  more  than she could stand.  Screaming madly, she  tried  to 
climb  the  garden wall, but it was too high  and  smooth.   She 
collapsed  at the base, sobbing and exhausted.  On a TV  monitor, 
Jason observed his prisoner.  He admired her mental strength  for 
holding  out this long.  In spite of the snacks  available,  with 
little else to do, she had resisted using food to fill her  empty 
existence.  Regrettably, Jason had to break that resolve.   Laura 
wandered  back and collapsed onto her bed.  She was soon  asleep.  
Silently, the doors and windows slid shut.  From several vents in 
the floor, an acrid smoke wafted into the room.  If she had  been 
awake, she would have recognized the scent as marijuana.  By  the 
time the smoke forced her to wakefulness, it was too late.   She 
was stoned out of her mind!  She drifted in a pleasant stupor for 
several  hours and then she got the munchies!  She was  ravenous, 
and  the  drug  had  weakened her  mental  discipline.   She  ate 
everything  in  the room and once again drifted off into  a  drug 
tormented sleep.  Jason kept her like this for the next week. 

     Laura stayed high for the next week.  Thanks to the  effect 
of the marijuana, she ate constantly, then would sleep for hours.  
One  week  later  she  didn't look  much  like  a  "Miss  Galaxy" 
contestant.  Her complexion was pale, her eyes had dark rings and 
bags  around  them, her speech was slurred  and she had a  slight 
tummy, the result of the twelve pounds she had gained.  Worst  of 
all,  she  was an emotional wreck, a broken shell of  her  former 
self.   She would do anything to get out of this place.  That  is 
when  the  messages started, notes found around the  room.   They
said,  "...finish your dinner, like a good girl, and  you  will 
get out soon."  Laura was confused and frightened enough to obey.  
The  meals  being slid under her door became larger  every  day.  
The trays of cakes and candies became larger.  As the days turned 
to weeks, Laura grew larger.  The physical and mental  discipline 
that  had made her a winner was crushed.  She was  becoming  fat 
and lazy.

     Two  months after her arrival, Laura was changed girl.   Her 
tight aerobicized thighs and ass were soft and flabby.  Her pert, 
firm 34B bust was now a 38C and drooping, thanks to her  constant 
bralessness.   The 53 pounds she had gained had given her  a  big 
belly  and  broad ass.  Her face was fuller, with  chubby  cheeks 
and the start of a second chin.  However, the biggest change  was 
to  her mind.  The boredom had broken her spirit.  She now  spent 
her  whole  day on her fat ass, reading and snacking.   They  had 
began  to leave her fashion magazines, for FAT WOMEN!  Laura  had 
given  up  on herself.  She WAS a fat woman, and she  could  feel 
herself growing fatter and fatter.  She was FAT and UGLY!  No one 
would  want  her now.  She was happy to be locked  away,  out  of 
sight.   Jason  could see the change in her as  he  watched  the 
monitor.  He was ready for the next part of her transformation.

     For the first time in weeks, the windows slid silently  shut 
so as not to wake the sleeping Laura.  Once again clouds of acrid 
smoke filled the room.  Laura began to have weird, erotic dreams.  
She  saw  penises squirt ice cream.  The  these  giant   genitals 
entered her.  The feeling of being stuffed was INCREDIBLE!   They 
pumped ice cream into her, making her fatter by the minute.   Her 
clothes  ripped  off and she trembled in orgasm after  orgasm  as 
her breasts shot loads of whipped cream into the air.

     The doctor inserting a needle into her arm didn't know  what 
was  making  her moan so lustily, but soon she was out  cold.   A 
machine  was wheeled in.  Long shiny needles were slid  into  her 
belly,  long  hoses leading back to the  fiendish  device.   More 
needles were inserted into her heaving bosom.  The doctor  nodded 
his head and it began to hum.  Fat was sucked from her stomach, 
mixed  with  collagen,  and then re-inserted  into  her  breasts.  
Hours  passed, her stomach and waist getting smaller,  while  her 
tits got bigger and BIGGER!.

     The  rays of morning sunshine and the sounds of  birds  woke 
Laura  up from her troubled slumber.  She sat up.  It  was  very 
hard  for her to do.  The birds suddenly flew from the  trees  as 
Laura's  screams pierced the morning air.  She was dressed  in  a 
snug bustier. Garters held fishnet stocking in place, and on  her 
feet  were  shining  patent leather high heel  pumps  with  ankle 
straps,  the straps each having a small gold  lock.   But  that 
wasn't why she screamed.  Overnight her breasts had become  HUGE!  
Her flabby 38D bumps were now grotesquely over-inflated  balloons 
that  covered  her  chest from collarbone to  the  end  of  her 
sternum.   And they were so HEAVY!.  She struggled  clumsily  to 
her feet.  She had a hard time keeping her balance.   Supporting 
herself  on  furniture, she made her way to  the  mirror.   She 
couldn't  see her feet anymore.  Her hair and face had been  made 
up  quite elegantly, as were her nails.  She couldn't  get  over 
it.  Her chest seemed to extend to the horizon.  These shoes made 
it  very  hard to walk, but the locks prevented  their  removal.  
She  felt  a chill.  Damn!  She hadn't noticed that  she  didn't 
have  any panties!  Just then she heard a click and  the  door 
opened.   Laura  was elated.  For the first time  in  months  she 
could leave this awful room. But what waited beyond?  She  didn't 
care.  Stoically, she pointed her enormous bosom towards the door 
and stumbled out into the hallway.

     As Laura had suspected, the rest of the house was even  more 
opulent than where she had been imprisoned.  But it was  strange, 
too.   Amid all the beautiful furnishings were  erotic  paintings 
and  statuary.    All the men were handsome,  in  a  conventional 
Greek-god  sort  of  way,  but all the  women  were  fat!   She 
examined  room after room, each one filled with images  of  lust.  
On  the TV's pornographic films, all featuring fat females.   She 
had  to sit down.  Her newly enlarged tits were making  her  back 
ache  terribly.   The house was still her prison,  because  she 
could  find no way out.  She had considered climbing  the  walls.  
She  looked down at herself.  But with THESE tits,  her  climbing 
days were over. Besides, those pictures were making her hot.  She 
took  a donut from one of several nearby trays and began  to  eat 
it,  sensiously licking the jelly out of it.  She  had  never 
been so horny in her life!

     Jason  had  been  preparing for  this  moment  for  months.  
Every  day  he worked out in his private gym.  He was  in  the 
best  shape of his life.  His muscles were hard and  pumped,  his 
stomach  was a washboard.  He flexed and surveyed his  nude  form 
one  last time.  He was ready.  He entered the room  where  Laura 
sat.   She gazed at his nakedness. Jason noticed that fear  was 
NOT her first reaction.  Good.  Laura was struggling to her  feet 
in  a useless attempt to get away.  Jason stood before her.   He 
placed  a  hand  on  her shoulder and  with  only  the  slightest 
pressure,  sent the top-heavy young woman flat on her  back.   He 
smiled  as  she struggled like a turtle, because he cold  see  a 
glimmer  of  wetness between her now plump thighs.   Laura  had 
never  felt so utterly helpless in her life, and she was  shocked 
at how excited she was.  Jason took a jelly donut and smeared  it 
on  his  thick penis, then he shoved it into  her  mouth.   Laura 
licked and swallowed as she knew she must.  Jason moved down  and 
placed  his  swollen  organ against her vulva.   Laura  began  to 
whimper.  She was a virgin and it was very important to her.  She 
felt  an  exquisitely  erotic  flash of  pain  and  suddenly  her 
virginity  was  also a thing of the past.  Jason  pumped  slowly, 
methodically,  perfectly  attuned to her new  found  needs.   She 
wanted  to hate this, but she couldn't.  She felt too good.   She 
began  to  feel wanton as her emotions took over.   Faster  and 
deeper he fucked her, releasing months and years of pent-up lust.  
After  what seemed like hours she trembled from her  first  real 
orgasm.  She was his totally, completely his.  

     Over  the next days Jason pampered her.  She was  kept  well 
fed  and  VERY well fucked.  Her body responded in the  only  way 
possible.  Each day she grew bigger and fatter.  By now she liked 
it.   After another week Jason removed the locks on  her  shoes.  
They weren't needed.  She was too fat and busty to run anymore, a 
ponderous waddle was the best she could do.  Besides, with all of 
her  primal needs being satisfied completely, she didn't want  to 
leave.  Ancient instincts came into play and she wanted, NO,  she 
NEEDED to breed with this man.

     It  was  four  months later.  Jason was  watching  the  Miss 
Galaxy Pageant.  As expected, Alyce was a finalist.  He was  sure 
his  Ex-wife  would have a fit when Alyce came in second  to  the 
slightly plumper girl from Arkansas.  Money and power were a  TWO 
edged  sword.  His ex never understood that.  Laura came in  from 
the  bathroom.  She was waddling, as a 311 pound woman  tends  to 
do, with her hands on back, trying vainly to support her 74  inch 
bust.   Jason smiled.  These last months had been the  best  of 
his life.  His new wife slid her naked body onto the bed  beside 
him.  Since she had gotten so big in the chest, moving around was 
too  difficult,  so she was content to sit and eat all  day.   Of 
course, their sex got better and better.  Laura was much  rounder 
now  that she was pregnant.  They both loved to rub  lotion  onto 
her expanding baby belly.  They planned to have a big family.  At 
long last, both had found peace.  THE END


--
