Archive-name: Casual/laundry.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Doing Laundry


I had just finished toiling over my dirty clothes at the laundromat, and had
piled my stuff together to take home.  I live only a few blocks away, and
usually walk when it is as nice outside as it was last night.

I must have looked like I was overloaded, carrying my laundry, because a
car pulled over next to me.  "Do you want a ride?" said the girl behind
the seat of the purple VW Bug.  Well, who am I to say no, right?  So I
got in her car.  "Thanks," I said, not thinking of much else appropriate
at the time.  She said, "I'm Andrea--where are we going?"

I gave her my address and of course within moments we had arrived.  Andrea
asked if she could help carry anything.  Well, it seemed to me like she
was already carrying herself really well.  Pretty face, sandy blond hair,
a white t-shirt and denim mini-skirt, she looked pretty nice.  But, who am
I to say no, right?  So she carried a few of my shirts.

Walking up the stairs, I could have sworn I didn't see any panties under-
neath her skirt, not that I was looking or anything.  Hmmmm......

Well, we got into my apartment and she set my stuff down. "There you go."

Not thinking of much else to say at the moment, but wanting to leave things
open, I said, "Thanks.  What can I do to thank you?"

Well, if her nipples swelling under her t-shirt weren't enough of a give-
away, she said, "I'm sure you can think of something."  And with that her
eyes made their way down to my crotch.  This having been laundry night,
I was just wearing a t-shirt and running shorts....shorts that by now weren't
doing a very good job of concealing a hard-on.

As her eyes returned to mine, she suddenly embraced me with a passionate
kiss.  As her tounge probed my mouth, I thought again, well, who am I to say
no, right?  This might be fun.  And I return the thought with as much
enthusiasm as I could muster.

As my hands wandered her body, I discovered quickly that my earlier
observation had been correct--no underwear of any form.  This girl had
obviously had something in mind when she stopped her car.  Fine with me.

Soon I had removed what clothes she was wearing, and stopped to admire her
36C breasts with huge nipples.  The rest of her body was mighty nice, too.
I really wanted to suck her breasts, but she stopped me to remove my clothes
first.  Well, that didn't take long either.  And so there I was, standing
in my apartment totally naked with a girl I had met just 10 minutes before.

She was obviously studying my body, too.  "Jewish, huh?" she asked, my
circumsized cock being probably the last clue anyone needs to figure that
out about me.  "Yup."

Andrea replied, "Well, I hope my pussy is kosher, then!"  With that, she
dragged me to the bed, and motioned for me to lay down.  Who am I to
say no?

She immediately mounted my face with her lucious pussy.  I eagerly started
to suck on her clitoris and anything else my tounge could reach.  I lifted
my hands up to feel her breasts, and they were as nice as I thought.  Very
perky.  Andrea started moaning, and started rubbing her clit as I ate her
pussy.  But as hot as I was, I wanted equal treatment.  "Eat me" I
commanded.  So Andrea flipped around into 69 position, and immediately
engulfed my six inches.  Nobody had ever deep throated me like she was
doing before, and it certainly was a turn-on for both of us.  I worried for
a second that my slimy neighbor would hear our moans of passion and call the
cops.  But thoughts of the beautiful love box on my mouth brought me back
to the more important reality of the situation.

Soon Andrea's moans got louder, and I knew it was time.  With two words, she
verified my thoughts: "Fuck me!"  Fine with me :-)

I got a condom out of my drawer ("Ribbed for her pleasure"), and quickly
rolled it on.  A few last laps at her snatch, and I was ready.  She got
back on the bed, and I teased her for a few seconds by not quite entering
her.  This got me a few moans, and the next time I started in I was forced
from behind.  This got a few moans from _both of us_.

I thrusted deeply and quickly, and soon Andrea was obviously nearing orgasm.
I started to nibble her ear, and this sent her over.  Her moans were almost
screams, and I was sure everyone else in the building could hear us now.
Boy, was I going to get some looks!  And almost as quickly as her first
orgasm subsided, she seemed to be building another.  It was time for me as
well, though Andrea's second seemed to be more important to her at the
moment, the way her nails were digging into my back.  And as she finished,
she commanded "Now", so I did.  And suddenly, with one last thrust, it
was over.

After a few minutes of recovery, Andrea got up and put on what clothes
she had with her.  She wrote down her phone number, and said, "Next time
you do laundry, give me a call!"

---
