
                    Chapter 7: Another Couple Joins Our Fun

The next morning I got up fairly early. Since Linda was still sound asleep I
decided to take my shower and get dressed while she got more sleep. There
wasn't any rush because I didn't think we'd find any new adventures until later
in the day.

"Sweetheart, I'm going to go down to the coffee shop for breakfast, OK?"

She mumbled something which sounded like "OK".

I went over to her and kissed her. "Are you alright?" I asked.

"Umhmm," she replied softly.

"Do you want anything?"

"No, thanks."

"I'll be back in a bit then."

I then found my way to the newsstand to pick up a paper and then to the coffee
shop for some breakfast. I was pleasantly surprised when I entered the
restaurant to see the couple that I had spotted the night before. I headed for
a table next to them and sat down.

I hadn't even had a chance to look at the menu when the man recognized me.
"Good morning. Where is your wife today?" he asked.

"She's still sleeping," I replied. "She had a pretty hard night last night." I
grinned at the pun. Little did they know how or who was hard.

"I'll bet she did," he replied. "When you went through the lobby last night it
looked like she had her hands full."

"She sure did." I couldn't believe how much they noticed and how direct he was
in commenting about it. Thinking I'd test the waters a bit myself I added
"That's not the only thing she had full."

"Ohhhh, that's what we wondered," he said somewhat tentatively. "Did she..... I
mean did they....."

"John, for heavens sake stop it," his wife suddenly blurted out. "Mind your own
business."

"Oh, that's OK," I replied. "In fact yes she did and yes they did. It was quite
a party."

"Do you mean that she did it with those men?" she asked with great disbelief.

"She sure did," I assured her.

"Where were you," she asked still incredulous at the whole scenario.

"I was right there waiting my turn."

"See Janet, I told you. Other couples really do that sort of thing. I'm not so
weird as you think."

"Ahh," I said. "Have you two been talking about things like that too?"

"Yes, we have," John replied. "In fact we have talked about it a lot. I would
love to try things like you apparently do. Janet is interested but very
uncertain."

"I can sure understand that," I assured him. "Linda had a lot of misgivings
before we got started too. She has always flirted a lot and it usually made me
extremely jealous. Then when I caught her in the act of giving another guy a
blowjob I realized that I was more turned on than outraged. That got us talking
seriously about a lot of unconventional ideas."

"Well, Janet had an affair too. I didn't catch her at it but she had a guilty
conscience and ended up telling me about it. I was surprised too about how it
made me feel. I wanted to know all the details. She didn't really want to say
much more than that it had happened."

"Did you have a good time when it happened, Janet?" I asked.

"Oh, yes, I loved the sex. The guy was pretty good and it made me feel good
that another man was really that interested in me. But as soon as it was over
and I headed home I felt awful. I knew that cheating was wrong and I thought I
had ruined my marriage."

"Whatever made you tell John about it then," I asked.

"Well, we were watching one of those TV talk shows and they were talking about
infidelity. John said that he didn't believe that sort of thing was nearly as
common as the panel said it was. He then asked me if I had ever thought about
doing something like that. I lied at first but then a couple of days later I
confessed."

"Wow, you really took a chance. How long ago did this all happen?"

"About a year," John answered.

"More than a year," Janet corrected him. "It happened after the 4th of July
parade last year and this is August."

The waitress interrupted our rather intimate chat with an inquiry about my
selection. I ordered and my new friends asked for more coffee.

"So what brings you to St. Louis? Are you here for the convention?" I asked.

"No, this is a weekend getaway. We decided to come here where we are far enough
from home and see if anything developed," John answered.

"What have you talked about doing?" I asked.

"We have talked about Janet being with another man."

"Have you talked about swinging, I mean having sex with another couple? More
couples seem to go that route rather than just including other guys. Then the
guy gets to play to."

"Not really," John replied. "Janet is very much opposed to my having sex with
another woman. She doesn't think she could live with me if I did it."

"I know that sounds like a double standard, but that's the way I feel," Janet
said defending herself.

"I noticed that you took in the show that Linda gave the doorman last night," I
said to John. "Have you talked about showing Janet off to other men too?"

"Who would want to look?" Janet asked.

"Well, I can't speak for all men, but I know that if you wanted to give me a
show I'd love to see it," I replied. "Linda had doubts about that too, but we
made a bet on it and she lost. She has really learned in these past couple of
months that men are usually very happy to look at a woman's private areas."

"Thank you for the compliment," Janet replied. "But really, I'm much older than
the kids you see posing for men's magazines. My body just isn't that great any
more."

"I obviously haven't seen that much of it, but I can assure you that I would
love to see more. If you sat across from me and showed me your pussy like Linda
did for the doorman and John last night, you would get my attention."

"It sounds like you two haven't been at this for very long," John said. "How
did you get started after you found your wife with this other guy?"

I proceeded to tell them about what had happened over the past several weeks. I
told them about what we had talked about and what we had agreed to. Then I told
them about what happened so far this weekend.

"Holy cow," John said. "Linda has been very busy."

"She sure has. In fact I am astounded at how quickly she has taken to the idea
of servicing other guys. I doubt that this frequency of contact will continue,
but it sure is fun as an occasional thing."

"Have you found it as exciting as you thought it might be?" John asked.

"Yes, even more so."

"Do you think that Linda really enjoys it or is she just going along to please
you?" Janet asked.

"If she doesn't really like it she is giving an Oscar performance. Actually we
should get together later and you can ask her that for yourself."

"That sounds like a great idea," John said. "Do you think she'd mind?"

"I doubt it, but I'll ask her. Speaking of Linda, I should go check on her."

"Why don't you go do that and then stop by our room. We're going up there now,"
John suggested.

"Good idea. Then we can talk some more, if you are still interested."

"I'd like to," Janet replied. "We're in room 614. Maybe I can learn more about
this 'showing off' thing. I have to admit that idea sort of excites me."

"I'll be up there in a few minutes," I said. "I'd love to talk more about
flashing and such. In fact I'd love to be your first audience." I threw in that
last comment hoping that it might get her to act rather than just continue to
talk.

It's a good time to tell you more about Janet and John. I didn't know much
except the obvious. Janet is a thirty-something blonde with blue eyes and a
great body. She is fairly short. I would guess that she's about 5' 2" and
probably weighs about 110-115 pounds. She has great tits. They are easily 36C.
I wondered if she could get by without a bra. She obviously had one on now. It
showed plainly under her light blue blouse. From the rather dark color of her
eyebrows I doubted that she was a natural blonde. I hoped that I would find out
this weekend. John looked to be about 10 years older than Janet. He was about
6' tall and medium build. He was graying but looked to be in good condition.

When I got to our room Linda was just about to get in the shower. I told her
that I had met Janet and John and was that they were interested in the same
thing that we had been doing this weekend. I said that they had invited me to
their room to talk about it. As we talked I noticed that Linda's beaver was a
matted mess of dried cum and pussy juice.

"How do you feel this morning?" I asked.

"Great. How about you? Are you upset with me?"

"Upset? Of course not. I loved it. Are you sore?"

"No, but I sure should be. I've never fucked that much in a week before. I sure
am a mess though and the wet spot covers half the bed. I wonder what the maid
will think."

"Are you ready for more? I'm sure there are a lot of men around this town that
are still looking forward to exploring your treasures."

"Well, I'll be ready in an hour or two. I have to clean up the equipment first
though."

"Great. Why don't you do that and call me in room 614 when you are ready?"

"614? OK. I'll see you in a bit."

I then kissed her and held her tightly. While I held her I reached down and ran
my finger through her slit. "Hmmmm, are you wet again or yet?"

"Yes."

"Great! We'll have to do something about that later. I'll see you soon."

I almost ran down the hall to the elevator and went up to the 6th floor. I had
high hopes of seeing more of that pretty blonde that I had just met. When I
entered their room I immediately noticed that Janet had changed clothes. She
had been wearing slacks before. She now had on a skirt that came just below her
knees. It had buttons which ran up the front. Although she had it fully
buttoned it was a promising omen of her interest in showing off.

"John wanted me to change into something that I might show off in."

"It's perfect," I complimented her. "Dare I ask what you are wearing under it?"

"Panties and thigh-high hose" was the reply.

"You have very sexy full breasts. Can you go without a bra?" I asked.

"I guess so. John, should I?" Janet asked.

"Of course," John answered. It seemed that John was really enjoying this
transformation in Janet.

"Just a minute." Janet then went into the bathroom. In a minute she came back
out with her bra in her hand.

Throwing it to John she said "There. You happy now?"

Even in the rather poor light of their room her breasts were plainly visible.
They were very well formed and the dark pink nipples were very hard. Janet was
enjoying her role as a show girl.

"They are magnificent. John, what do you think? Isn't Janet a horny man's
delight?"

"Yes, but wait. You haven't seen the best yet," John replied. Janet, why don't
you give Bill a little show?"

"I'm not sure I can go through with that," Janet answered. "Sit over here Bill
and I'll try. OK?"

I followed Janet's instructions and sat in a chair in their sitting area. Janet
then moved over to the other chair and sat down facing me. Slowly she began to
open her thighs. The skirt was just a little too long for me to see much.

"You need to unbutton a button or two," I said. "It's a little too long for me
to see anything."

John reached over and was about to help unbutton her skirt when Janet brushed
him aside. "I'll do it myself. Why don't you go over and watch too."

John came over by me and stood beside me. Janet again began to spread her
thighs and I felt my heart begin to race in anticipation of the wonderful
treasure I was about to see. Instead of simply opening her thighs far enough to
allow a view of her panties, Janet crossed her legs. She did it in such an
exaggerated fashion that I got a quick glimpse of white before her calves again
hid the view. Then she proceeded to uncross them. Again I got a quick flash of
white.

"The flash is terrific. I can just get a quick view of white panties before
they are hidden. That is a great was to make it look accidental."

"Now let's show Bill something more," John instructed. I liked his attitude.

Then Janet began to open her thighs. As they spread I soon saw the tops of her
thigh-highs and then I saw the white of her panty crotch appear. Nothing
unusual about them at first. Then as she spread further I noticed how sheer
they were. There was proof that Janet was not a real blonde. In fact I could
even see the line of her gash and it appeared to be getting wet as I watched.

"Janet, you are doing great. That's a very sexy view," I replied. "John, you
have a very sexy wife."

"She sure is," John replied confidently.

"How do you feel about all this Janet?" I asked. "Are you enjoying it?"

"To be honest, yes. I must say that I am getting turned on knowing that you can
see me like this."

"I thought you must be. Your pussy is getting wet," I told her. "That's a good
sign."

"Yes, it is getting wet. I am beginning to feel very horny," Janet confirmed.

"Linda and I have a little game which we have played for a long time. When I
think that she may be wearing panties that I particularly like I ask for a
panty check. Then I lift up her skirt and check out her panties. If they are
sexy, which they almost always are, I check to see if she's excited."

"How do you do that," John asked rather naively.

"Here. Mind if I show you? How about if we pretend that Janet is Linda? OK,
Janet?"

"OK," she agreed.

"Good. Come stand over here." I moved over by the window and Janet came to join
me.

"Time for a panty check," I said. Then I reached down and lifted Janet's skirt
until I had a good view of her panties. "Hmmm, just as I suspected. VERY sexy!"
I said as I reached down and ran my hands over them. Then I quickly slipped my
fingers under the hem and ran a finger up the length of Janet's slit.

"Oh," she gasped. "Oh my. Should you be doing that?" she asked as if
questioning herself.

I then found her chit and rubbed it a bit. I could quickly sense Janet's
response. She began breathing deeply. I continued to play with her chit while I
plunged my middle finger deep into her cunt. Remembering that John was there I
looked over and noticed his hand rubbing his erect cock through his pants.

"Janet, you are a very hot woman," I said as I continued to finger fuck her. In
just a minute or so I knew she was about to cum. "Do you think I should stop
this, Janet?" I asked.

"Oh, god. No, please don't stop now," she moaned. "I am almost there."

I kept up the action for just a few more seconds and Janet went over the top.
She seemed much more reserved in her orgasm than Linda usually is but that
could be because of the unfamiliar circumstances. I noticed that John had his
cock out of his pants and was pumping it vigorously without paying any
attention to Janet or me. I nudged Janet and whispered "I think John is
enjoying this too."

She looked over just as the first load of cum flew across the room. "Oh, we
can't waste that, John," she said. She then quickly knelt in front of him and
began to take the rest of his load in her mouth.

In a minute or two John had regained his composure and said "Bill that was
wonderful. I loved seeing my sexy wife cum at the hands of another man. This is
going to be even more fun than I had hoped."

"Glad you liked it John," I replied. "It looks like it's my turn to cum now.
Janet, I'd like to eat your hot pussy and then fuck you. Is that OK with you,
John?"

"Yes. Yes. Please do it."

Just then the phone rang. The timing was terrible but the call was from Linda
saying that she was ready. I told her to come on up and we'd make plans from
here.

"I'll take my turn with you later Janet. Just remember to save some for me,
OK?"

"Sure Bill," she replied. "In fact I'm looking forward to it. You see I love to
be eaten almost as much as I love to suck cocks."

"Janet, I can't believe you said that," John told her. "You've never said
anything like that before."

"At least not in your presence dear," Janet responded. "I didn't think you
would want to hear such trashy language from your respectable wife. I mean what
would our friends think anyhow."

"Janet, if that is what you really enjoy, let's make plans to find you as many
cocks as you can handle. You game?" I asked. "I'll bet Linda would love to be
part of that scene too."

"I can't wait. But now I better get freshened up. I wouldn't want to meet your
wife while I looked like a well-used hussy," Janet said and she headed to the
bathroom.

"John, how do you like things so far this morning? It certainly seems that
Janet is getting into the swing of things," I said.

"It's great. In fact I almost can't believe it. I was truly amazed that she let
you feel her up like you did without even a murmur of objection."

"Well, it seems that she may have the same slutty streak that Linda has but one
that hadn't been encouraged to come out before now. This could be a very
interesting day for both of us if the gals get along OK and really get into
this."

In a few minutes Linda was at the door and when Janet heard her knocking she
came out of the bathroom.

"Linda, I would like you to meet Janet and John. They are the couple that I
told you about. They are interested in some of the things that you and I have
been doing lately. They saw us come back into the hotel last night with Darren
and Michael and wondered what we might have been doing with them."

"Oh!" Linda blushed deeply and after a brief pause continued, "Did you tell
them? I mean, that's not the sort of thing that ought to be talked about is
it?"

"Oh, don't worry Linda. I would love to see Janet do the same thing," John said
reassuringly, "and I think that Janet likes the idea too but she hasn't gotten
past the issue of what her mother might think if she knew."

"I guess that's right," Janet added. "But tell me Linda, were they really
big...I mean like everybody says?"

"Big? Yes, they were huge. Just about the biggest I've ever had," Linda
answered. "And they really knew how to use them. They were pretty young and
lasted a long time too. That made it even better." "How did you feel
afterwards? Did you feel bad that you had done it?" Janet continued with her
questions. "The only time I've been with another man I felt just horrible
later..so guilty and ashamed."

"Well, I felt pretty bad the first time. But I haven't felt that way since. I
was a little worried the first time or two as to whether Bill really wanted me
to do it..and why he did. Do you understand?"

"How did you feel last night?" Janet pressed.

"I was fucked out," Linda bluntly answered. "I couldn't take anymore.
Fortunately I feel much better now and ready for more fun."

Linda was wearing one of my favorite outfits. It consisted of a white puffy
blouse and a denim wrap-around skirt that ended just above her knees. We'd had
the skirt altered so that the fabric that wrapped around was minimal and
whenever Linda sat or even walked briskly she showed most of her thighs.

"I'm glad you're wearing that outfit," I told her. "What do you have on
underneath?"

Instead of answering Linda turned toward me and lifted her skirt slowly. The
tops of her stockings soon came into view. Then came a view of white garters.
As she continued I saw the first glimpse of her light brown beaver. "Ah, my
favorite style," I exclaimed. "You are really going all out today aren't you?"

I noticed John watching intently as Linda did her little tease. I doubted that
from where he was standing he could have seen anything more than her bare ass
so I said to her "Why don't you show John your panties?" Instead of turning
around Linda spread her feet a foot or so apart and turned so that her ass was
pointed directly at John. Then she began to slowly bend over while holding her
skirt up. As she went lower I saw John's eyes getting bigger and bigger. He
obviously saw something he liked.

"John, does she look wet yet," I asked.

"Sure does," he muttered. "In fact she's sopping wet."

"Why don't you check her pussy to see if it's as wet as it looks?" I suggested.
I watched Janet carefully for a reaction as I said this. I recalled her remark
about John's involvement with other women. I didn't want an ugly situation to
spoil our fun. She was also watching Linda carefully and seemed calm as John
moved over to act on my suggestion.

When John's fingers touched her pussy Linda jumped just a bit. Then I watched
as he ran his fingers up and down the length of her slit. Suddenly two of his
fingers disappeared as he plunged them into her. Again Linda jumped and gasped.
I noticed that Janet had moved to where she could also see what was happening.
She stared intently but didn't say anything. Then I noticed her hand slide down
her body and she began to rub herself through her skirt.

I went over behind Janet and as I lifted up her skirt I whispered "Do you need
some help? Why don't you let me do that?" Janet only nodded as I pulled down
her panties and then began to massage her cunt with my hand while her husband
continued to finger fuck my wife. Then I guided Janet over to the bed and laid
her down with her thighs open. In seconds I was having my first taste of her
sexy hot and very wet brunette pussy. John and Linda must have liked our idea
because they followed us to the bed and assumed the same positions. I was too
engrossed in my eating to look up at the time but I realized that this was the
first time that another man had eaten my wife in my presence. That thought only
made me work more diligently on Janet's hot cunt.

"Oh, that feels good," were the first words anyone spoke. It was Linda
recognizing John's oral efforts. "I love being eaten," she continued.

"Yes, I love it too," Janet replied. "I love the feeling of your beard against
my pussy."

I love eating pussy. I can do it for hours and then I love the wonderful after
taste and aroma which lingers from the pussy juices which accumulate in my
beard. Using our respective tongues John and I didn't take long to bring each
others wife to orgasm. I did get a chance to watch John eating Linda because
Janet came first. It was another highly erotic first.

"Well John, now you have seen your wife being eaten by another man. Does the
scene still excite you?" I asked.

"Yes, it sure does although I must admit I was pretty involved in taking care
of your wife and didn't have a lot of opportunity to watch," John replied.

"Well, the rest of you are now at least one up on me," I said as the women came
out of their momentary erotic trances, "and Janet is up by two."

"So who's counting," Linda said.

"You are right," I replied. "Besides I intend to get my share before this
weekend is over. What are the plans for the day? John, Janet, do you two have
anything planned?"

"No, nothing in particular," John replied, "except to get my wife laid."

"John, you're awful. What a way to talk about your wife especially when she's
present," Janet admonished him. "You'd think I was some kind of slut or
something."

"What about you, sweetheart," I said to Linda. "Anything special you'd like to
do?"

"I'd like to see what Don might have in mind," she answered. "Remember?"

"Sure, I remember. In fact that might be a good way for Janet and John to have
some fun too." I then related to John and Janet who Don was and what he had
suggested to Linda. "That sounds like it could be fun," John responded. "Do you
think there might be someone there that Janet would like?"

"The convention seems to have a lot of men and all the ones that I saw were
pretty nice mature married men," Linda answered.

"Do you two have clothes to wear to a convention?" I asked.

In turned out that neither of the women had appropriate outfits for an evening
of convention hospitality. Linda's new outfit got pretty badly soiled and
wrinkled last night and needed to be cleaned. We thought about sending it to
the hotel cleaners but they said it was already too late to get it back the
same day. We agreed that the only option was to go shopping. The women seemed
thrilled and when I told John about what might happen at the mall his
enthusiasm increased significantly. We called down for our car and the four of
us headed for the lobby to get directions and then to go to the mall.

On the way down the elevator we told Janet and John that Linda had to give a
little show every time she got into and out of the car. John thought that was a
great idea. He then understood what was happening when he had seen the show
last night. Janet felt a little uncomfortable with the idea of showing her
pussy to just anyone who might be around at the time.

"Just do it quickly and it will look accidental," I told her. "I can assure you
that no one will object. The doorman has seen Linda's pussy several times now
and he still opens the door for her. I'll bet he'll be surprised if he sees two
pussies."

"I'd love to see that myself," John said.

"Why don't you wait to get in until the gals are in," I suggested. "Then you
can see the show too. I'll go around and take the keys from the valet."

The double show for the doorman went like clockwork. The women timed their
entries so that he could see them both. John also got an eyeful. "Boy, that was
great. Janet, I am proud of you. I really enjoyed the idea that some stranger
got such a nice view of your pussy."

When we arrived at the mall no one was present to see the show but John went
around to open the door for Linda and I opened the door for Janet. It was a
treat to see that now familiar pink slit surrounded by dark brown hair. It was
still glistening and wet too.

During the next couple of hours we were successful in getting some very sexy
but dressy matching outfits for Janet and Linda. We found sheer frilly blouses
that would be perfect for showing off their braless breasts and dressy
wrap-around style skirts which were held closed by a pin. When the pin was
removed the skirts became much less modest. The outfits were off-white. This
meant that we also had to get new hose (matching thigh-highs). Since Janet and
Linda both agreed not to wear bras or panties those weren't an issue. Both John
and I commented on what a striking pair the gals made. They didn't look like
sisters because of their different builds and complexions but it would be
obvious that they were together. We had them both model for us and try out
giving us a leg show after they had removed the restrictive pins from their
skirts. Everything showed just as we had hoped. John and I both had hard-ons
just from watching them but we wanted to save ourselves for what we hoped was
to come later tonight.

We decided it was time to take a break from the rigors of shopping and have
lunch. We found a trendy little place tucked into the corner of the mall. It
turned out to be a good place to eat even though the gals didn't get to give
anyone a show.

"We still have to find shoes to match," Linda said as we finished eating. "That
could be the most fun part of buying the outfits."

"Why is that?" Janet asked naively. After she thought about it for a minute she
said, "Oh, I get it. The shoe salesman gets a show, right?"

"Right, and maybe more than that," Linda answered. "Did Bill tell you about our
first experience shopping for shoes?"

"I don't think I mentioned it," I replied. "Linda got some free shoes. She got
fucked in the storeroom too..by a big one."

"Oh, that sounds like a lot of fun," John exclaimed. "Did you get to watch?"

"Sure did. I was quite surprised that the guy was so nonchalant about having me
there. I guess he'd done it before. The funniest thing was his wife was waiting
for him outside the store when we finished. He made us sneak out the back
door."

"Wow, that sounds hot," John exclaimed again. "Janet are you ready for that?"

"I don't know. That sounds kind of risky," Janet answered tentatively. "What if
he doesn't like the show and gets upset? We could get in trouble."

"We haven't ever had anyone who objected to what they saw although there may
have been some who weren't turned on by it. At the shoe store you can make it
seem accidental until you know what reaction you are getting. If they seem to
disapprove you can be more careful. If not then you can become more explicit
and deliberate. We have a timing problem now though," I pointed out. "The first
time happened near closing time. The guy was alone and he locked up the store
before we went in the back room. The next time we went shoe shopping there were
several salesmen standing around and the guy didn't make any moves. He and his
two associates did get a good look at Linda's pussy though and we both noticed
that they all got hard."

"Let's go try it and see what happens," John suggested. "At least we'll have
the fun of giving a good show."

"I'm all for it if I get some new shoes," Linda responded.

"What the hell," Janet replied. "You're right Linda. At least I'll get some new
shoes. I never seem to have the right ones for the occasion." We decided that
the best approach was to walk around the mall and check out each store we found
that carried women's shoes. If the gals saw shoes they liked they could try
them on whether or not the salesman was interesting (or even if she was a
woman). If in the process we saw a cute salesman or two then the story of what
they wanted could be changed to fit the styles available in that store.

It really didn't take long for them both to find shoes that they liked although
they weren't particularly excited about the salesmen that helped them. They
decided not to buy them in case they found others or in case they found a
salesman they wanted to have fun with. Linda pointed out that way they might
have a chance of trading a blowjob or a good fuck for a pair of shoes. They
could always come back to that store later if they didn't find any others. John
and I liked that idea a lot because we could avoid paying for shoes and we
could watch our wives with other guys.

In the fourth store we struck paydirt. The women both found salesmen that they
found attractive. They also were the only two salesmen in the store. After
checking the displays they were both disappointed to see that there weren't any
shoes there that met their requirements.

"What should we do," Linda asked quietly. "Jerry (her salesman) is really cute
and I am getting vibes that he might be interested from the way he keeps
looking at me."

"I think Bob's a doll too," Janet answered. "But there aren't any shoes here
that I like."

"How about a deal," I offered. "If you gals get laid John and I'll pay for the
shoes at the other store. That OK with you John? I think you'll find it worth
it to see Janet get fucked by a stranger for the first time."

John didn't have to think about it long. "Go for it babe," he said to Janet.

The gals agreed that they would both ask about boots because they are harder to
get on and off and would require more attention from their salesmen. In just a
couple of minutes they had each selected a pair to try on and they took seats
next to each other. This was ideal because John and I could stand together and
see both shows. It also meant that each salesman could probably see the other
woman's pussy if he chose to look.

The salesmen asked them each what size they needed. "You know, I'm not sure,"
Linda replied. "I seem to have two or three different sizes of shoes these
days. I think you'd better check."

Janet caught on to the ploy and repeated Linda's response. Soon both salesmen
were kneeling before our wives. Show time!

Linda, being more experienced, gave her salesman a good eyeful on her first
try. Janet seemed a bit timid and didn't lift her thigh high enough to let us
see more than her stocking top. I signaled her to lift up more. She responded
with a jerk upward that pulled her foot out of the salesman's hands. He was
startled but delighted. There before him were her feminine delights in full
view. Both salesmen took an excessive amount of time checking sizes. Then they
each decided to recheck them. John was so excited that I thought he might cum
right then. I nudged him with my elbow. "Pretty hot, huh?" I whispered.

The salesmen finally got up to go to the stockroom. They each seemed to walk as
though they were trying to hide their erections. It didn't take them but a
minute to come back out. While they were away they must have compared notes
because when they sat back down and the gals held up their feet to try on the
boots I noticed that each guy quite obviously moved over so that he could look
at the other woman's crotch.

Linda noticed that too and decided to call them on it. "You guys see something
you like?" she said. Haven't either of you ever seen a pussy before?"

"No, ma'am..I mean, yes ma'am," Jerry mumbled. He was obviously flustered and
embarrassed because he turned bright red. Seemingly caught in a compromising
situation he didn't know what to do.

"If you lead me to the stockroom I'll be happy to give you a better look,"
Linda offered.

"Gee, ma'am, I don't know about that." Jerry sounded tempted but afraid.

"Well, how about if I let you do more than look," Linda boldly offered. "I
really would like to see that hard thing you have in your pants. Maybe I can do
something about that."

Jerry didn't need to be asked again. "OK, let's go, but I can't be gone long."
He took off for the stockroom with Linda right behind him.

"Would you like to go back there too, Bob," Janet asked.

"Sure would, but one of us has to stay out here on the floor." Janet seemed
very disappointed by his answer.

"Janet, why don't you wait and go when they get done," Jerry said.

I couldn't believe that Jerry had spoken fearing that this reminder of our
presence might put Bob off but Bob seemed to appreciate the suggestion.

"Yes, ma'am, we could go in just a couple of minutes, that is if you still
would like to."

At this point I decided to go check on Linda and Jerry. I hoped to be able to
find a place to watch where Jerry wouldn't know of my presence. I was in luck.
Past the stockroom there was a small office with a couch. Jerry was lying there
on his back with Linda sitting on his cock. They hadn't wasted any time. She
looked up as I peeked around the corner. With a big grin she lifted herself far
enough up so that I could see his cock in her cunt. Then she began to pump up
and down letting me see the action. I blew her a kiss. Jerry couldn't see me
because Linda was in his way. I stayed until I heard Jerry beginning to make
noises about cumming. Then I quietly retreated to the show floor.

"Well, they're having a real good time," I said to all of them. "Linda is
playing hide the noodle and it sounded like Jerry was about to win."

"What are you guys up to," Bob asked. "This is fun but seems kind of weird to
me."

"Well, I guess you're right Bob. John and I like to watch our wives get fucked
by other men. Our wives like lots of sex so it all works out well. John and
Janet haven't done it very often though so I hope you won't mind John watching
while you fuck Janet."

"Holy shit!" was all Bob could say.

In just a couple of minutes Linda came back out leading Jerry by the hand.
"Thanks Jerry for the tour," she said with a grin. "I didn't know there was so
much to see in a shoe store."

As soon as they appeared Bob took Janet by the hand and started back. "Your
turn," he said with a grin. "Coming John?"

While they got started I asked Jerry "Did you enjoy that? Linda gives good
head. Did you get to sample that?"

Jerry had now regained his composure and didn't seem so flustered anymore.
"Yes, but it didn't last long. I wanted to get to the main event. She's pretty
good at that too."

"Linda, do you have another load of cum in your pussy," I asked. "My, my,
what's a husband to do? Too bad I can't clean you up here. I hope it'll keep
'til we get back to the hotel."

I wanted to see how John and Janet were enjoying their first try at this game
so I walked back to the store room and quietly peeked around the corner. Bob
was on his back on the couch with Janet sucking vigorously on his cock. John
stood watching and pumping his own cock. Bob's cock looked to be pretty good
sized. I would guess that it was an inch or so longer than John's or mine but I
couldn't say for sure since it was always partially buried in Janet's mouth.


After a few minutes Bob said that he wanted to cum in Janet's cunt. He got
Janet up on her hands and knees on the couch. He was going to fuck her doggie
style. I watched as his cock entered Janet's cunt. As it did Janet gasped and
so did John. I guess I did too because John suddenly realized I was there. He
waved me over and pointed at them. "See that Bill. My wife is getting fucked by
another man. She's getting fucked pretty good too, I'd say," he whispered.

I had to agree. "Yes John, it looks like Janet is taking good care of Bob and I
think they're both enjoying it."

I sensed someone behind me and turned to see Linda standing there watching as
well. "Are they having fun?" she asked. "Silly girl, what do you think?" I
replied. "Bob seems to be hating every minute of it. Matter of fact so is John.
But they both are willing to sacrifice their own good time to make Janet happy.
By the way, did you enjoy this time?" I then reached under her skirt and ran my
fingers up her thigh. I found a stream of her juices and Jerry's cum running
down. "You're dripping," I said. Then I wiped some up with my finger and sucked
it off in my mouth. "Yummm, that sure does taste good."

John saw me do that and grinned. "I'll bet Janet will taste pretty good here in
a few minutes too," he said. "I can't wait to eat her."

"Maybe the guys would let us use this couch for a bit when they're done so that
we can clean up the girls," I suggested to John.

"Great idea!" John replied.

In another couple of minutes Bob had unloaded in Janet's cunt. Since Janet was
close to cumming herself she begged him to keep fucking her. He did just long
enough for her to make it. Then she collapsed on the couch saying "I can't
believe I did that."

Bob sat down beside her long enough to regain his composure and then said
"Thanks folks. That was outstanding. She's the best fuck I've ever had."

Bob said it was no problem for us to stay there in the office for as long as we
liked. John and I asked the gals to sit down on the edge of the couch. Linda
knew what was coming but Janet was shocked when she realized that John wanted
to eat her.

"John, you can't do that. My god, it's full of his stuff," she said.

"Yes, I know, Janet and I want to eat his cum out of my slutty wife's slutty
cunt." With that he plunged his tongue deep into her. I did the same to Linda.
It didn't take us long to both bring the women to orgasm again. We sucked and
licked a little longer to be sure that we had gotten most of the cum out of
them and then decided it was time to leave.

As John and I stood up Linda started laughing. "Your faces are a real sight,"
she said. "You both are covered with goo. I think we better go find a place
where you two can wash up."

We washed our faces in the store's restroom. Then we all went back to the first
shoe store to get the shoes the women liked. Soon we were in the car and headed
back to the hotel. The trip back was a quiet one although John did occasionally
mutter "Wow, that was great!" Janet just sat silently with her head on John's
shoulder. Linda and I knew that she must be feeling very confused right now.
We'd all have to wait a bit for her to think through her feelings before we
tried to discuss the experience with her.

When we got back to the hotel we agreed that we would meet at 5:00 in our room.
We would go to dinner and then come back to the convention hospitality rooms
for some more fun. Linda and I could hardly wait. I was sure that John felt the
same. I hoped that Janet did too.

                               End  -  Chapter 7

