
                      Chapter 3: Linda Becomes a Showgirl

As we went down the elevator from Bob's room, I checked Linda's appearance. She
still looked very disheveled..pretty much like she had just gotten out of bed.
Actually she had never made it into bed..just on top of it..but the effect on
her appearance was still the same.

"I feel like something is about to start dripping", Linda said.

I lifted up her skirt and ran my fingers through her very wet slit. Sure
enough. There seemed to be a large blob of cum about to drip from her pussy
lips.

"Better put on your panties", I said.

"Here?", Linda asked.

"Yes and put some kleenex in them too. Otherwise all the good stuff is likely
to run out and make a mess of your skirt and the car seat."

She proceeded to retrieve her panties from her purse along with a few kleenex
and was just finishing pulling them on as the elevator door opened. A guy who
was waiting for the elevator got a good look at her before her skirt fell into
place.

"Do you need some help?", he asked.

I was a little startled by his bold approach and didn't respond right away.

"I've just been helped quite well", Linda replied with a mischievous grin.

"That she has", I added. "Too bad. You are just a little too late. You would
have really enjoyed it too."

"Well, how about sloppy seconds." He seemed to know that she had just been
fucked. The guy wouldn't give up easily, apparently thinking (or hoping) that
he might also get into the panties he had just seen.

"She's already had two, so you would be third...a very, very sloppy third", I
said. I was quite surprised at the directness of this conversation. I found
myself getting more than a little excited again, but I didn't know how Linda
might feel about it.

"Want to do it again?" I asked her.

"I can't", she replied. "I am just too tired at the moment."

Her new fan wanted to continue the negotiation, but I put my arm around her and
guided her into the lobby and toward the door.

The guy followed for a couple of steps, but I turned and said "Sorry, friend.
You heard the lady. She is fucked out. Maybe another time."

As we approached the car Linda said "You know, I kinda wish I had taken that
guy up on his offer. I am still very horny."

"Well, do you want to go back in and try to find him..or someone else", I
asked. "He's probably up in his room by now so we'd have to knock on a lot of
doors."

She giggled and said "Guess you're right. Oh, well. Will you take care of me
again when we get home?"

"You'd better count on it", I said. "I promised to clean up your slutty cunt
with my tongue and then I'm going to fill it up again."

When we got home we raced to the bedroom and Linda quickly pulled off her
blouse, skirt and panties, laid back on the bed and opened her thighs. There
before me was her now very gooey and still very swollen, pink pussy.

"Since you never had any dinner, you'd better eat this", she said. "I'll bet
you are starving."

"You are right about that", I replied as I dove face first into her pussy.

The hair around her pussy was well matted down from the cum that had leaked
out. The sensation of it as it got smeared onto my face and into my beard was
incredible. As I worked my way in with my tongue I soon encountered the same
taste and smell that I recalled from her night out with Gary.

"You've been with another man again", I said gruffly.

"You're right..and he fucked me good", she said. "Real good, in fact."

"And I'll bet you liked very minute of it", I mumbled as I began to massage her
clit with my tongue and lips.

"You're right again", she said. "Did you like it too?"

"Sweetheart, I loved it", I said. "In fact I can not remember ever having been
so turned on before. It was even better than I had imagined."

"Good, cuz I think it could become a habit."

I knew that Linda had liked it because she is a sex machine, but I was
delighted to hear her admit it. I could only imagine what might lie ahead but
right now my task was at hand. I continued to eat her until she came and then I
proceeded to fill her quim with another load of cum. She came again a couple of
times before I was done. We then collapsed on the spot.

Just before she fell asleep, Linda asked "Do you think I'm bad?"

"No, darling, I think you are the sexiest woman I have ever known", I answered.

"Good", she said and fell asleep.

The next morning I slept in. I had fallen asleep immediately the night before,
but I awoke during the night and couldn't get the vision of Linda getting
fucked by Bob out of my mind. Finally I dozed off again, but I was very tired.
Linda, however, got up at the crack of dawn. I heard her singing in the shower
and as she put on her makeup. This was very unusual for her. Normally she is
quite subdued in the morning. Today was different I soon found out because she
was on cloud nine thinking about the night before.

I finally got up and joined her in the kitchen for a cup of coffee. She greeted
my with a big kiss and grabbed my crotch. "Ready for more fun, hubby?", she
asked.

"Not just yet", I mumbled. "Are you?"

"Anytime..the sooner the better." She surprised me by her bold turnaround on
the subject.

"Do you mean that you are willing to go out and fuck another guy while I
watch?", I asked, somewhat surprised.

"Well, I must admit I had very serious reservations about it and really didn't
think I could ever go through with it, but I found out last night that the
attention of two men can certainly make a woman feel wanted. Are you mad at me
for that?"

"No, not at all. In fact I was extremely excited last night. I couldn't sleep
because I kept thinking about his cock going in and out of your pussy. That was
an incredible sight. I am glad you liked it because I would certainly love to
have it happen again... the sooner the better."

I thought to myself that I was also glad that the reality turned out to meet or
beat expectations. I must admit to a slight fear that I might get very upset
when (or if) it ever really happened. I had never dared to share this with
Linda because I was certain it would reinforce her reservations.

"What parts of last night did you enjoy the most?", I asked.

"Well, that's a hard question. I'm surprised at myself for the way I let you
and then Bob feel me up and show me off in the bar and I am more surprised at
the way I looked when we went through the lobby and the way I talked to the guy
we met as we left."

"Are you aware of how much of you could be seen and how much the guy saw when
the elevator opened?"

"I have a pretty good idea. Why did you let that happen? Doesn't it bother you
that other people saw me practically naked?"

"I loved it. In fact I have been trying to think of ways to get you to let
other men see you. That is almost as much of a turnon as it is to see you get
fucked."

I might as well confess that showing Linda off had been a fantasy of mine even
before I began to think about letting other men fuck her. I read every letter
or story I could find about women who like to flash in various ways. I imagined
a lot of scenarios of Linda flashing shoe salesmen, etc., learning to sit and
move so that she would show off her panties (or more) at any given opportunity.
Perhaps this was the chance I had been looking for.

"Things really got started last night after you were a little tipsy. How would
you feel right now when you are very sober if you thought some guy was able to
look up your skirt and see your hot wet pussy?"

"Well, I must admit that I still can't understand why a guy would be interested
in that, but knowing that he was looking at me does excite me..yes, it excites
me a lot."

"Would it excite you to see some guys nice big cock especially if you are not
sure that he knows it?"

"OK, I admit I like to see cocks..the bigger and the harder the better. But I
don't think a lot about it."

"If you are serious about letting men see you, let's go shopping tomorrow
afternoon and find you some clothes that will really put you on display."

"I'd love to go shopping, but what sorts of things are you thinking about?",
Linda asked.

"How about a short skirt or one that zips or buttons so that it can fall open
easily", I suggested. "What can you think of?"

"That sounds good. Just so it isn't too short. You know I don't like the way I
look in real miniskirts."

"Well, I had something in mind that would at least cover the tops of your
stockings. After all, hose and a garter belt are required wear. We should also
get a really sheer blouse or something that can be unbuttoned and will fall
open easily so the guys can see your great tits."

"I think I get the idea. How about panties? What should those be like?"

"If you insist on wearing any, then they should be very sheer. You know the
kinds that I like to inspect. Except, most of the ones I have seen aren't sheer
enough in the crotch..where it counts. Actually, I hope we can do this sometime
with you wearing none at all."

"Maybe", Linda said. "Maybe, but let's start with me wearing something. OK?"

"Fine. I will still find it exciting knowing a man can see the shadow of your
beaver even if he can't see your sexy pussy lips."

This conversation set me to planning (scheming) our next move. Linda is always
interested in going shopping, especially for clothes. Usually I don't go with
her because there isn't much for me to do while she carefully selects what she
wants to get. I began to think about how we could work a shopping trip into an
opportunity for showing her off. This would put a whole new perspective into
what is otherwise a time-consuming and expensive exercise. I tried to recall
all of those letters and stories I had read about women and their husbands who
were into this sort of thing.

For the next twenty-four hours I couldn't get the idea of other men seeing
Linda's bare or nearly bare pussy out of my mind. We talked several times about
it and Linda was obviously as excited about it as I was.

I was still half asleep Sunday morning when she startled me by walking into the
bedroom and asking "What do you think I should wear on our trip?"

The fact that she was still so into the idea got my heart to pumping and I woke
up in a hurry.

"You still like the idea of showing off, or are you just interested in a
shopping trip?", I asked.

"Both", she replied, "and I've gotten so horny thinking about it that you are
going to have to help me cool down a little before I do it myself."

With that she jumped up on the bed and swung one leg over my shoulder and
placed her hot wet pussy right in my face. I gladly ate a satin mushroom for my
breakfast and she soon swung around to a 69 position and had a load of hot cum
for hers.

Before we took our showers we went to her closet and began to select her outfit
for the day. We started with the skirt and quickly agreed on a denim one that
was almost knee length. The blouse selection was more difficult because most of
the blouses that she had to wear with that skirt were colored and opaque. We
finally found a white one which I thought looked sexy on her even though it was
quite modest in style. It was sheer enough that without a bra her nipples might
be seen in just the right light. This was fine, I thought, because we didn't
want to be too overt in her appearance this close to home.

For underwear we agreed on a very sheer lace bra and panty set which had a
garter belt to match. Linda wanted to wear a pair of natural colored sheer
hose, but I persuaded her to wear white ones instead. I had discovered in
watching a video that I had bought from a guy who shot scenes up his wife's
skirt, that light colored hose made it easier to see what was partially hidden
beneath a dark colored skirt.

A couple of hours later, with butterflies in our stomachs, we were both ready
to go.

"Are you ready to give the men at the mall a hard time?", I asked.

"I'm ready. I hope they are."

We agreed on going to Woodfield mall because it is the largest in the area and
not too close to our home so we were less likely to run into close friends or
neighbors there..just in case. I also remembered that they had a Fredrick's of
Hollywood where we could get Linda some crotchless panties to further enhance
her show.

"Where do you think we should start?", I asked. "Do you want to begin with the
skirt and blouse or with some really revealing undies?"

"Let's just go in and walk around a bit and see what we find", Linda answered.

That's what we did. We entered the mall and started walking. We had passed
several stores when we came to the one I knew had the perfect dressing rooms
for giving a little show. This was one that had curtains that closed rather
loosely leaving large cracks to see through. When closed casually the opening
could be even bigger.

"Let's check in here", I suggested. "I'll bet we can find something we will
like here."

We went in and began to browse through the racks of women's apparel. This store
carried casual clothing that would usually not be considered sexy. Nonetheless,
we found a couple of skirts and blouses that Linda liked and headed for the
dressing room.

"This is where the show starts", I said. "When you go in, don't close the
curtain all the way. Leave plenty of room so that wandering eyes can see in.
OK?"

"OK", she agreed.

"Go in and strip down to your bra and panties, put on one of the outfits and
then come out."

Linda entered the booth and turned to pull the curtain closed. She quickly
realized that she had closed it too well, so she pulled it back open again so
that there was a gap of at least 4 inches.

"Perfect!", I thought.

I then moved further back across the store so that I could see into the booth
but was not in the way of anyone who might decide to take a peek. I watched as
Linda unbuttoned her skirt and quickly stepped out of it. She hadn't worn a
slip (they are prohibited under our agreed dress code) so that the tops of her
hose and her garters could be seen. The blouse covered her panties. Then she
slowly unbuttoned her blouse as she looked up at me. I smiled at her and gave
her a thumbs-up.

Just as she removed her blouse, a guy walked past her booth..right in front of
it. He could have reached in and touched her if he had chosen to do so. He must
have seen something he liked out of the corner of his eye because he quickly
turned around and walked back into the line of view, but several feet back from
the booth. In fact, he was just a few feet in front of me. I could see that
Linda was now wearing only her sexy undies, and she was taking her time getting
the new blouse ready to put on. Since she was facing us, we could both plainly
see her nipples and her beaver through the sheer fabric of her bra and panties.

Linda looked up and smiled again. That confirmed my hope that she knew she had
an audience. I knew that her pussy must now be getting pretty hot and wet (when
isn't it?). She confirmed that suspicion by reaching down and rubbing herself.
I couldn't see the guy's face or his crotch but I imagined that he must be
getting an erection just like I was. To make matters worse(?) Linda removed her
bra. We had agreed that she would do this so that we could see the real effect
of any sheer blouses that she tried on.

Linda then quickly went about putting on one of the outfits. She then pulled
open the curtain and headed directly toward the two of us. The poor guy must
have thought that she was coming after him, because he proceeded to leave the
store in a hurry.

"You put on a great show."

"Did you enjoy it?", she asked.

"You know it. In fact I am still hard," I replied.

"How about our friend? Did he appear to enjoy it?", I asked.

"He seemed to. He looked pretty hard too...and large."

"Too bad he didn't stay around. Maybe you could have helped him relieve the
problem", I suggested. "But I am sure there will be plenty more chances."

The outfit that Linda had on was a simple white blouse that was somewhat sheer
and had no pockets. Pockets were a problem on many blouses that otherwise would
be great for showing off because instead of one layer of cloth covering her
braless nipples, there were two. Delightfully this blouse let her light brown
nipples show but they were not too obvious unless you looked closely.

"The blouse is perfect", I said. "What do you think of it?"

"Do I show?", Linda asked.

"Yes."

"A lot?"

"No. I think it's just right."

"I better check in the mirror."

Linda moved across the store to a mirror and checked her appearance. In the
brighter light there her nipples were more visible. I was afraid that she might
feel too self-conscious when she saw herself. She stood and looked for a minute
or so turning from side to side as she did.

"Do you like it?", she asked.

"I love it."

She continued to study her mirror image for another minute or two. I was afraid
that she was having second thoughts, but she finally turned to me and said "I
like it too. But let's keep my bra handy in case I get cold feet. OK?"

"That's a good idea", I assured her.

"They're not very big are they?"

Linda often seemed dissatisfied with the size of her breasts. Since I have
never been a fan of large boobs, I found them just the right size with a nice
firm look (and feel) to them.

"You know that I think they are perfect."

The skirt that she had put on was knee-length and made of denim. However, it
buttoned down the front. Linda had buttoned it all the way down.

"You must unbutton some of those buttons on your skirt", I advised.

She bent down and undid the lower two buttons. I would have liked another one
or two undone (there were five), but this was a start. We then gathered up the
outfit that she had worn to the mall and went to the desk to pay the bill. It
seemed that the salesgal who took our money noticed Linda's breasts. She
certainly stared hard at her chest anyhow, but she didn't say anything and we
were soon out of there and on to the next part of our adventure.

As we passed a sitting area in the mall I stopped.

"Let's check out the total effect. Sit down here and face me while I sit over
there across from you. Then open your thighs and show me your panties. If I get
a good look, I'll give you a high-sign. If I can't see well, I'll cover my eyes
as a sign to open another button. OK?"

"OK, but what if someone else is looking?"

"That's what we're here for isn't it?"

"Yes, I guess so, but if I feel uncomfortable I'll stop. OK?"

"Sure." I knew that Linda sometimes was reluctant to begin something like this
but once she got into it, she was hard to stop.

"Just try to look like you don't realize what is happening", I said. "Look like
you are preoccupied with something else."

Linda then sat down and I moved across the sitting area and sat facing her. As
soon as I was seated she opened her thighs. I immediately could see the white
crotch of her panties although I couldn't really see the shadow of her beaver
within. Figuring that undoing another button would allow more light in I
covered my eyes. She looked around for a moment and then reached down and undid
another button. Perfect!

I gave her the "OK" sign. I could now see a shadow and from my distance of
about 10 feet it seemed like I could see a darker line down the center of that
shadow. I wondered if she were getting wet already.

Suddenly Linda gave a little gasp and quickly closed her thighs. It seems that
a woman had come out of a nearby store and turned so that she was facing
directly at Linda. Linda's face turned bright red. I looked around to see what
was the cause of this and the woman turned and walked away. I went over to
Linda to reassure her.

"Don't worry", I said. "She may not have noticed. Anyhow, she didn't appear too
concerned about it. By the way, the view is great. Are you getting excited?
Your panties look a little damp."

"Yes, I think I am getting kinda wet", she answered. "I think I'll need a good
fuck when we are done with this."

"Well, I promise that you'll get one", I replied. "Now let's just stay here for
a bit until a guy or two get a thrill and then we'll shop some more. If a guy
does notice, start searching through your shopping bag and pretend not to
notice. I'll signal you if you should stop. OK?"

I then returned to my place and Linda quickly resumed her pose. I began to feel
myself getting erect as I watched her and thought about her effect on any
passing men. It appeared that she was getting more excited as well because the
dark line on her panties got more noticeable.

In just a few minutes I could see the reflections in a store window of two high
school boys approaching behind me. When they got a few feet away they must have
noticed because one said "John, look!"

"Wow, would you look at that!"

Linda began to fumble through the bag beside her. She seemed a little nervous
but she kept her thighs well enough apart so that the view remained
unobstructed.

"I'll bet she's a great fuck", one of the guys said in a loud whisper.

"Do you think she wants it?", the other asked.

"I'll bet she does, but we better get outta here", the first replied. "If she's
still here later, maybe we can give her a shot."

With that the pair took off almost on the run and I moved over to her side.

"Good show, sweetheart!"

"Do you think they enjoyed it?", Linda asked.

"Oh yes..for sure. Did you hear what they said?"

"Not really."

"Well, they speculated that you must be a great fuck and were wondering if you
wanted them to do it."

"I really am getting horney, but they were a little too young for my taste."

"Let's move on. Your panties look like they are really soaked. How about buying
some new ones?"

We began to walk on down the mall. I was leading us toward the "Frederick's of
Hollywood" store wanting to buy Linda some crotchless panties. As we walked we
suddenly saw our young high school guys headed toward us. They saw Linda too
and were looking her over from head to toe (mostly in between) as we passed.

"Hi guys", I said. Linda didn't speak nor did they.

When we got to "Frederick's" I turned us toward the door. Linda noticed a sexy
teddy in the window.

"That would be fun to show off in", she said. It was made of a fishnet fabric
and hid nothing.

"Agreed, but let's settle for some panties for the moment, OK?"

"Sure."

We found a rack of panties and I soon had a pair of white crotchless panties in
her size (5) in my hand.

"These look like the ticket to me. OK with you?"

Linda approved so we quickly paid for them and went out the door. "Now you must
get these put on."

"I'll go to the ladies' room and take care of it."

"No...I want you to change in public."

"I can't do that. I might be arrested."

"Not if we're careful. Come with me."

I headed for one of the large department stores in the mall. Once there we went
to the men's department and found the racks of suits and sportcoats. We went to
a remote corner of the department and found a place where at least our lower
bodies were obscured by the racks.

"Change here."

Linda quickly looked around and realized that we were pretty much alone in the
corner. She quickly lifted her skirt and in one motion pulled down her old
panties and let them fall to her feet. I removed the new ones from my pocket
and clipped off the tag. Then I handed them to her. Again she looked around and
bent over to slip them over her shoes. She then pulled them up and bent over to
pick up the old ones. Since she bent over facing away from my I reached up
under her skirt.

"Panty check", I said as I began to rub her crotch. My hand immediately found
the slit in the panties and moved into her slit. Her pussy was soaked and
dripping.

"This really needs some help, doesn't it?"

"It sure does..but not here, OK?"

"Sure. I wasn't planning on doing it myself anyhow..at least not the first
time."

"OH! What are you planning anyhow?"

"Wellllll," I teased. "There's only one thing left to complete a new outfit.
You need some shoes..right?"

"Right. Hmmm. Are you wanting to get me laid by a shoe salesman?"

"Now that's an interesting idea. Wonder why I didn't think of it?"

I held her old wet panties up to my nose and sniffed them quickly. They
certainly were filled with Linda's secret scent.

"Be careful. Someone might be watching."

"Ok..but let's go. It's getting late and the mall closes in less than an hour."

We spent most of that time perusing the various shoe stores in the mall. We
kept finding the same problems. They either didn't seem to have men as sales
clerks or they were too busy. We did see two that had young male clerks that
Linda thought were cute, but there were also female clerks in both stores. We
had gone from one end of the mall to the other and were almost ready to give up
for the day. The mall was due to close in only ten minutes.

"Let's try 'Keaton's' one more time. Maybe the coast will be clear this time",
I suggested.

"Good idea. That tall guy really did look interesting", Linda replied.

We almost ran to the middle of the mall where this store was located. As we
walked in we noticed the guy Linda liked but we also noticed the gal there too.
Fortunately the man approached us and offered to help.

"Yes, I need some black flats", Linda answered.

I can't imagine that the guy knew what was about to happen, but he then turned
to the woman clerk and said "Go ahead and leave. I'll close up." What great
luck.

Linda sat down and I sat in the next row facing her.

"What size do you need?", he asked.

"I'm never sure. I have some size 6 1/2 and some size 7", Linda cleverly
replied.

The guy then moved to do the obvious. As he knelt in front of her, I watched
Linda open her thighs and pull her skirt up slightly as well. It seemed that
she didn't want to take any chance that he might not see her partially hidden
charms. From my vantage point I knew that the guy had a clear view of those new
white crotchless panties. While he and I watched Linda parted her thighs
further so that the opening in her panties was now wide enough to clearly
expose a very wet pink slit surrounded by light brown hair.

The clerk's gaze moved quickly back and forth from his sizing scale to Linda's
crotch.

"You need a 7," he said somewhat unsteadily. "I will get them and while I'm up,
I'd better close up if you don't mind."

"Sure. Go ahead," Linda replied. I started to speak but decided it best not to
remind him that I was there.

The salesman quickly moved to the front of the store and pulled down the grill
and locked it. He then went to the back store room. In a few seconds he
returned with a shoe box. It was quite obvious that he also had an erection
which he didn't seem concerned about hiding. His tool appeared to me to be
rather on the large side. Linda must have noticed it too because I saw her eyes
focus on it as he walked up.

"These are your size," he said.

"I think I see something else my size too," Linda murmured.

"What was that?", he asked.

"I have to see that thing of yours", Linda said. "Can we go in back?"

Now acting somewhat flustered the guy said "Sure, if that's what you want...but
is it OK with your husband?"

"If he didn't like it he wouldn't have made me come here", Linda answered.
"Let's go."

Within seconds they were in the back room with me a step behind them. Quickly
Linda was turned toward a desk and there she instinctively bent over. He threw
her skirt up over her back with one hand while the other unzipped his pants.
With no preliminaries or delay, in seconds I watched his huge (8" he bragged)
cock plunge through the slit in her panties and deep into her cunt. He then
began pumping steadily into her. I noticed that she easily accommodated the
entire length of his weapon. She did make notice of its size however.

"Oh my gawd. You are huge! Fuck me with that log. Fuck me hard!"

I moved to where I got a great view of her pussy being violated by his post.
Here for the second time this weekend I was seeing my wife's cunt being plowed
by a strange cock. This time was different because we both were stone cold
sober. It was also different because the guy was so well hung and because we
had gotten so directly to the action.

On most occasions this doggy style had not been a good position for us because
Linda didn't seem to feel the action and therefore couldn't cum. His size must
have made this different because in just a minute or so she began to moan. The
moans got louder and then she was silent. As I watched I realized that she was
about to cum. She stiffened and stopped rocking back against him.

She went rigid for a few seconds, but because he continued hammering into her
she soon resumed her pushing back at him. Now it was his turn. I watched his
hard cock carefully looking for signs of it pumping cum into her. Just as I
thought I saw the first pulse shoot into her, he shoved forward as far into her
as he could go and stopped. I was certain that his cum must have been shooting
clear up into her throat.

His body went limp and he collapsed on top of her. Slowly he began to recover
and started to pull himself up. As he did so his semi- hard cock slipped out of
Linda's cunt and a large amount of cum emerged and began to run down her slit.

I was about to suggest that Linda work on getting him ready for another round
when he said "Look, I hate to be a cad, but I have to get out of here. Someone
is waiting for me and may come by here looking for me. You are a VERY sexy
woman and I would love to do more of this anytime."

"Oh, please do me once more." Linda sounded almost desperate in her plea. "And
I really want to suck that monster."

"Sorry, ma'am, I wish I could."

The fact that he called her "ma'am" struck me as very funny and I realized that
we had never even exchanged first names.

"Does this sort of thing happen to you often?", I asked.

"Not nearly often enough", he replied. "I must admit that this was one of the
best. You have one hot wife."

"Sweetheart, do you want those shoes?", I asked.

"Oh, sorry, I nearly forgot. Just take the shoes with my compliments. Get your
bags and I'll let you out the back. My wife works in another store here, and
she will be waiting for me out front by now."

Linda still seemed somewhat in a daze. "Are we done already?", she asked.

"Fraid so babe. Come on, let's go home 'cuz I want to finish this as soon as
possible", I answered.

We gathered up our stuff, put the new shoes in a bag and the guy let us out the
back.

"Do come back soon", he said. "I would love to have an encore of this anytime.
Maybe we could even find more time and a better place to do it."

Fortunately the shoe store dock was on the same side of the mall as our car so
we didn't have far to walk. We rushed to the car and within seconds Linda had
another load of cum in her pussy. Then with Linda's pussy leaking like a sieve
we headed home so we could do it again.

                                End - Chapter 3

