
                       Chapter 9: A Trophy and a Souvenir

Linda was just getting dressed when the bellman arrived for our bags. She was
moving around the room in just a bra and panties as I let him in. I asked her
if she wanted to give him his tip but she declined. I guess maybe she was
satisfied after all. The guy sure seemed to like what he saw, however. I
noticed that before he had our bags on the cart he was sporting a very
conspicuous erection. It appeared to be quite a bit larger than average. I
called this to Linda's attention. She thought about it for a few seconds as she
watched him move about the room. The guy made no attempt to hide his condition
and probably had some idea as to what was afoot. Perhaps Luis, the other
bellman, had passed along the word. Anyhow, Linda couldn't resist. She walked
over and stood directly in front of him and asked if he liked what he saw.

"Oh, yes ma'am. You are very attractive and very, very sexy!"

"Good," Linda replied. "I like what I see too. Tell me, is your cock as big as
it looks?" With that she reached down and ran her hand up and down the length
of his shaft.

"Oh, ma'am, that feels so good. Yes, it is a pretty big one..or at least so
they say."

"Mind if I get a better look at it? I'll let you look at mine too." Then Linda
reached behind her and unsnapped her bra. She let it fall to the floor as she
reached down and slid off her panties. They too fell in a pile at her feet.
Then she stepped back to the bed and lay down on her back giving him a great
view of her shaved pussy between her slightly open thighs.

"Now do you like what you see," she asked again. "I'm all wet just thinking
about your hard cock. Let me have it..please."

The guy started to unzip his pants. Then he looked over at me.

"Go ahead," I assured him. "I think the lady needs to be fucked. You shouldn't
disappoint her. Don't worry about me."

In seconds his trousers and shorts were a heap on the floor and in one motion
he was on top of Linda and had slipped his huge cock all the way into her
dripping cunt. He immediately began thrusting frantically in and out of her. I
could hear the slurping sounds as his cock encountered the remainder of John's
cum in her pussy. I knew this wouldn't take long and it didn't.

In less than a minute the guy's body stiffened as he rammed as far into her as
he could go. Then he moaned as he dumped his load. I doubt that Linda got much
out of this one but I sure got a kick out of watching it happen. As quickly as
he had stripped and started fucking her, he withdrew and got dressed.

"Oh, thank you ma'am. Thank you sir. That was very nice. Thank you. Thank you
very much."

Then he finished gathering our bags and as he went out the door said "I'll meet
you in the lobby, sir. I'd better get back to work."

Linda seemed somewhat dazed by it all. "Well, he lacked technique but that
poker of his really got to the bottom of things. If he had taken just a little
longer I think I would have made it again. That's one of the longest I've had
this weekend. Did you enjoy it, darling?"

"That was the ultimate 'slam bam, thank you ma'am' fuck if you ask me. If I had
known that he would only be interested in his own satisfaction I wouldn't have
suggested it. The guy did have a trophy size cock though."

"Oh, don't worry about that. I just thought it would be fun to give you one
last show for the weekend..and now your slut wife has a souvenir load of cum to
take home as well."

I realized that she had done this mostly for my benefit. "Yes I loved it. I
hardly had time to savor the scene but it was quite a thrill to see that big
one enter you and then pound so relentlessly into you. If you did that for me,
thank you sweetheart." I leaned over her and gave her a big kiss. Then I looked
at her cunt and saw a stream of cum coming out and running down her crack.

"You sure do have a souvenir load. I can see that by what is dripping out. I
hope there's some left inside as well."

Linda then got dressed while I went down and checked out. She was ready when I
returned to the room so we headed down to the lobby. As we got into the
elevator she said "I want you to know sweetheart that I'm not wearing any
panties. I can feel the kid's cum running down my thighs. I know it'll make a
mess of my skirt when I sit down but I kind of like the trashy way it makes me
feel. I hope you don't mind."

"Mind? Hell no! I love it. You're right. This is a great way to end this
weekend. It's hard to tell when we will get to do this again. I really love
you." Then I kissed here again.

When we got to the lobby we ran into Janet and Luis, our first bellman,
standing by the front door. "Hi Janet. Where's John?" I asked.

"He's over checking out. He should be here in a minute."

Linda suddenly realized that it was Luis standing with Janet. "Hi, Luis. It's
nice to see you again. Do you remember me?"

"Oh, yes ma'am. I sure do. In fact I was thinking about you just a few minutes
ago."

"Why was that Luis? What were you thinking?" Linda asked, her curiosity
aroused.

"Well, I really shouldn't say," Luis replied.

Janet had heard their exchange and suddenly her face lit up. "Oh, I should have
known it was you, Linda. I gave Luis a blowjob a few minutes ago and he said it
was the second one he'd gotten this weekend," Janet said as her face suddenly
turned slightly crimson. She realized that another couple was within earshot
and our bellman was now standing right next to us and heard her entire comment.
"I guess I shouldn't have said that, should I," Janet said blushing more.

John joined us as Luis said "I should have known that you all knew each other.
I mean with your being married and with your husbands there watching and
everything. I've never had that happen before, but you two gave me the best
blowjobs I have ever had."

"Thank you Luis. I'm glad you enjoyed it," Linda said. "Janet, you shouldn't
feel guilty about what you just said. Do you know that I have this guy's (she
pointed at our bellman) cum running down my legs right now. He fucked me a few
minutes ago. He's hung like a horse too, Janet. Too bad you didn't get to try
him. I'll let you in on another secret. I'm not wearing any panties so that I
can savor the wet gooey feeling all the way back to Chicago."

"Well, it sounds like our wives are still up to their tricks," John said as he
realized what we had been talking about. "Linda, are you going to give the
doorman your usual show when you get in the car?"

"Of course she is, John," I replied. "That's part of our deal for the weekend."

"I want to be there to watch when you do," John said with a grin. Then John
went over and whispered something to our bellman. The bellman nodded as they
spoke and then broke into a big grin.

"Sure. Sure, mister. I can do that," he said to John. "But I can't be gone
long."

"Janet," John said as he turned to us. "This guy says he can go somewhere
private with us and give you the same treatment he gave Linda. How about that?"

"Great, John," Janet said again with a blush. Apparently Janet was the only one
of us that realized that the other couple that had been nearby had moved closer
and were now just a few feet behind us. They stood facing away but it seemed
likely that they were listening carefully to our entire conversation.

"Sir, your car is here," the doorman announced as he looked at me.

"Better go then. Come on out and watch the show John and then you two better go
have your fun." We all went out to the street and the bellman and I loaded our
bags. Then I joined John, Janet and both bellmen as we watched the doorman open
the car door for Linda.

Knowing this was her last show for this trip Linda pulled her skirt high on her
thighs, nearly to her waist, as she sat down facing us. Then she spread her
thighs as she slid her ass to the edge of the seat. She held that pose for at
least a minute. The stream of cum running down her slit was still obvious. My
heart was in my throat as I realized that eight people were savoring their view
of my slutty wife's dripping cunt. We had been joined by the couple who
overheard us inside. None of us spoke until she swung her legs into the car.
"Show's over. I hope you all enjoyed it."

"Bravo!" The man of the couple voiced his praise for Linda's performance as the
group turned to go inside and I got in the car.

"Sweetheart, that was a spectacular finale to a spectacular weekend. Did you
have a good time?" I asked.

"I had a wonderful time," she replied. "But it has left me completely
exhausted. If you don't mind I'm going to try to catch some sleep." As we
entered the interstate Linda leaned her seat back but before closing her eyes
she carefully arranged the slit of her denim skirt so that her bald gooey slit
was clearly on display. "I hope none of the truckers honk and wake me up," she
said with a grin.

"Fat chance!" I thought.

                                    The End

